 I had left work early that day and just pulled in the driveway. As I got out of the car I noticed my neighbor was bent over watering her flowers. Since Missy was bent over, the front of the white tank top she was wearing hung open, showing off her mature C-cup breasts. "Hi Missy, looking good...the flowers that is," I said with a smirk as I walked up to take a better look.

Missy stood up and stretched her back, causing her lovely breasts to stick proudly from her chest, "Thanks, not everyone likes them, but I'm proud of them." 

I continued the playful flirting, "Well you should be proud of them, they are very healthy looking...course you have to make sure they get enough attention."

"Well John," Missy sighed, "they require a lot of attention, but I'm the only one giving them any attention. Robert doesn't do much with them anymore." 

"Really? I mean, they're so beautiful...I'd sure give them a lot of attention if I was your husband." 

Missy smiled, "Yeah, well he doesn't seem interest. I love getting my hands dirty, using my hands to make something grow so big." The lustful tone in her voice was clearly unmistakable. "Unlike Rob, he doesn't even help with the bushes either...and the bushes need some attention too" she said pointing to the bushes at the end of their yard. "I think they need a trim, or maybe I should just get rid of them all together...what do you think?"

"Oh I don't know Missy," I said seductively," I like the bushes myself, maybe they could just be trimmed a little but I'd have to take a closer look. Of course, if you would like it better without the bushes then maybe you should take them out."

Missy looked at me with devilish grin and spoke in an innocent, school girl voice, "Well I tried to use Rob's trimmer to cut down the bushes but I couldn't reach them. You're tall, could you get them for me?" 

That's when my dick twitched, "Sure, where are they?"

"Follow me," Missy said as she walked into the house. I followed behind her through the kitchen and down to the basement, watching her ass sway in her tight shorts. "He has them up on that shelf in the back." It was no problem for me to reach up and grab the trimmer.

I handed the trimmer to her, "If you need any help trimming the bushes just let me know." 

Missy put the trimmer on the workbench and pressed her 5'8" frame against me. She was obviously aroused from our flirting, her hard nipples pressing against the cotton fabric of her tank top. The scent of her honey brown hair was sweet as she pulled my head down and kissed me hard. Missy's tongue parted my lips and hungrily attacked mine. I began kissing back, slipping my arms around gorgeous body. I slid my hands down her back and over her the gentle curves of her ass. I felt her body shiver as I kneaded her ass. 

My cock was now hard and throbbing in my pants. I almost shot my load when I felt Missy pushing my pants to the floor and fondled my eight-inch cock. Our kiss broke as I moaned her name out loud. Missy stepped back half a step and looked down at the hard cock in her hand, "God it'll feel so good to have a cock to fill my pussy again. Come to bed with me John." She began walking back upstairs with my cock in her hand. I reached down and pulled up my pants as I shuffled along so I wouldn't trip. 

When we got up to the bedroom she helped my get totally naked, pushed me down on the bed and attacked my cock with her mouth. Missy was voracious with her assault, taking the full eight-inches in her mouth and down her throat. She worked her tongue around my shaft while she worked her throat muscles around my head. As my moans got louder she began to bob her head up and down on my shaft, stopping to swirl her tongue around the head of my cock, licking the pre-cum from the tip. 

I didn't want to cum but she was an expert cocksucker and it wasn't long before I was at the edge. "God, stop Missy...stop before I cum in your mouth!" That made her go faster as my balls tightened, my cock twitched and I shot my load in her mouth. Missy didn't miss a drop as she released my softening cock from her mouth.

"You're tasty," she said to me as she rolled off the bed. I lay there breathing heavily, disappointed that this was it. However, it soon became apparent that it wasn't the end. Missy stood in front of me, performing a striptease. First it was her tank top, giving me an unobstructed view of her love globes. They were still very firm for someone who has four kids. Just the sight of those beautiful orbs made my cock spring back to life. She smiled at the sight of my hardening cock and proceeded to strip her tight shorts off her legs. Last, but not least, she pulled the white cotton panties she was wearing from her hips and slowly let them slip down her soft thighs and finally to the floor. 

By the time her pussy slowly came into full view, my cock was rock hard. "I don't think you'll need those trimmers Missy, looks like the bush has already been taken care of." I stared at the neatly trimmed brown hair that covered her mound as Missy crawled into bed with me and we kissed deeply. I ran my hand over her soft, silky skin from her firm breasts to the soft hair covering her crotch. Her legs spread as my fingers massaged her wet slit. 

"Fuck me John...fill me with your hot rod...make me feel like a woman again."

I smiled and then began planting soft kisses on her neck and slowly traced her body...down her shoulder, the length of her arm and back up to her chest, stopping at her hard nipple. I began sucking and licking her hard nipple as my finger began gently flicking her clit. Missy's body began to twitch as she moaned. 

I release her nipple from my mouth and continued to kiss by way down her body...over her tummy to her thigh, down to her foot and back up the inside of her leg, to the soft skin of her thigh. Missy began to moan again as I slowly kissed my way up her inner thigh to her pussy. I began by kissing up and down her womanhood. A loud moan escaped from Missy's lips as I slipped my tongue into the center of her wetness, tasting her sweet woman juices. I moved my tongue to her clit, circling it slowly as her body began to writhe against my tongue. 

"OH...MY...GOD!!!" Missy was breathing hard, her body bucking against my tongue as she wrapped her hands around my head and pulled me against her crotch. "I've always heard how good this feels, but I've never had my cunt eaten John!!" I began to increase the tempo of my tongue lapping against her swelling clit. If this was going to be the first time she had her pussy eaten then I wasn't going to disappoint. As I slid two fingers into her flooded love tunnel I sucked her clit in my mouth and flicked it with the tip of my tongue. 

My fingers rubbed her g-spot as she let out with a moan that could wake the dead, "OH FUCK!!! That's my g-spot John...god finger me faster...suck my clit...I'm going to cum all over you...YESSSSSS!!!!" That's when I felt her pussy tighten around my fingers and a jet of hot cum against my chin. I didn't stop sucking her clit or finger fucking her till she finally pushed my head from her crotch 10 minutes later. My fingers, her crotch and bed were drenched from all the cum that flowed from her cunt. I lowered my head and began licking the sweet juices from her fuck hole. 

After I licked up most of her cum, I lay beside Missy and watched her heaving chest. A few minutes later her breathing finally slowed enough that she could speak. "I have never orgasmed like that before John...what did you do to me!!!" Missy smiled and pulled me to her, kissing me deeply and tasting her sweet cum on my tongue. 

Missy reached down to find my hot rod still hard as steel and broke the kiss, "This needs to be inside me now John! You don't need a condom, I won't get pregnant, I don't have any diseases and I trust that you don't have any either...so stick this long, hard DICK in my tight, wet TWAT!!" There was an urgency to her tone.

She rolled onto her back as I rolled on top of her. Missy spread her thighs as I positioned the head of my cock inside her swollen slit. As I began to slide my cock into her wet love canal she wrapped her legs around my waist. I pushed till all eight-inches of my rock hard cock was deep inside of her. Missy held me there as she panted, "I just wanted to let you know that you are already the best lover I have ever had and I hope that whenever we are able, that you will continue to be my lover."

I was surprised by what Missy said but also happy to agree, "I would like that...we have to be careful though."

"I know," Missy said as she rolled her hips under me and squeezed my cock with her cunt muscles, "but now that I've been loved like this, I'm going to need it. Now fuck me hard and fill me with your hot cum."

I slowly began to withdraw my cock from her hot fuck hole, the velvet walls of her cunt caressing every inch of my hard rod. I began to fuck Missy slowly, "God don't tease, I need to be fucked hard and fast!!" I began to pick up the tempo, increasing the speed until I was hammering her pussy, slamming my hard dick into her tightening cunt. 

Her hips where bucking widely underneath me as I repeatedly pounded my cock in and out of her hot box. The feeling of her tight cunt walls rubbing my cock was intense. I fucked her pussy hard while struggling to keep from cumming. I wanted to enjoy this wonderful feeling of Missy's hot box surrounding my cock. We were both moaning loudly as Missy began to have another orgasm, "Cum John!!! Cum now...squirt your hot cum deep inside my hot cunt NOW!!!" 

I was barely holding on as her cunt tightened and shot her juices all over my cock and balls, but she sent me over the edge when she began talking dirty. I drove my cock deep inside her, penetrating her cervix, releasing shot after shot of hot semen directly into her womb. Missy continued to buck her hips against my crotch as I was buried deep inside her. My orgasm continued for what seemed like eternity as jets of cum kept squirting from my cock. 

Finally the rapture of our orgasms subsided and I collapsed on the bed next to Missy. We both laid there looking at each as our breathing began to return to normal. Missy was the first to speak, "I guess we should get dress and get you out of here before my husband and your wife come home."

I smiled at Missy, "Yeah, and you might want to open the window and change the sheets. It smells like sex in here and there is a massive wet spot on the sheets."

Missy laughed, "You don't have to tell me, I'm laying on it. Honestly, I've never had to worry about a wet spot before...I've never cum that much before."

Missy leaned into me and kissed my deeply again, then pulled away and slowly got out of bed. I rolled off the bed and searched for my clothes. Missy came over to me with a towel, "Need this?"

I took the towel and wiped off my dick and balls, "Yeah, you sure didn't cum a lot." 

Missy took the towel, "So did you! It's running down my thigh and my ass."

We both got dressed and I walked back to my house and sat down on the couch just as my wife walked in the door...close call I thought.

The opportunities to make love were few and far between. Then, about four months later I saw Missy and Rob out in the garden. Missy said hi and asked if she could talk to me in private soon. That night I snuck over to her house, found her in the back yard. "What's up Missy?"

She rubbed her belly and smiled at me, "I'm pregnant John...and it's yours. Rob doesn't know and I'm not going to tell him. It's just better everyone believes the baby is his. I just wanted to let you know."

"But how," I stammered, "you said the doctors told you that you couldn't have another kid."

Missy laughed, "That's what they told me. When my doctor came back with the test results he said something must have changed but he couldn't explain what had changed." Missy paused, "I just need to know if you're going to be alright with letting Rob think the baby is his."

I thought for a moment, "Yeah...like you said, it is better that way and Rob is a good man."

"Thanks John," Missy said and then kissed me softly. "After the baby is born I'm going to get the pill so this doesn't happen again." Missy kissed me again and then walked back into the house. Shortly after Rob was transferred out of state for his job and I never saw Missy or the baby again.