 This story contains scenes of interracial and bisexual sex. If that offends you, STOP READING! 

Chapter 1

The excitement was palpable as the four couples made their way to their suite on the cruise ship. They all lived in the same cul de sac in a suburb of a major city. Over the years, they had swapped babysitting, attended countless christenings, barbeques and graduations. Now the children were all grown and gone. After much discussion, budgeting and planning, they decide to take a cruise and share the four bedroom Presidential Suite. As they opened the door to their suite, the ohhhs and ahhs filled the air.

The suite was done in pastel shades of pink and blue. To the left was a large pastel blue divan. The coffee table in front of it was chromed metal with a glass top. In the middle of that table was a large fruit basket with a white embossed card. Written in calligraphy in black ink on the card was the word welcome. 

Two of the bedrooms were at either end of the spacious suite. The other two were on the wall opposite the roomy living area. The nearest of these wall bedrooms formed a short entryway next to the end suite. Each bedroom had a private bathroom with a shower. The living area contained a sectional sofa and dining table; the balcony ran the length of the suite with an eight person hot tub and another dining area. They splurged and had the bar in the suite stocked with their favorite beverages. On the bar was a magnum of champagne chilling in a silver bucket. Another card hung on a blue ribbon from the neck of the bottle. On it were the words" Compliments of the captain."

Bill, and Beverly Anderson, both 57, took the end bedroom by the entrance. They were married 29 years. They met when she worked as a clerk in his office. They were the only couple in the group with no children. Bev compensated by lavishing love and attention on her friends children. Although she had never cheated on Bill, she grew more flirtatious as she grew older. She was a big woman at 5'7", 190 pounds. Bill tends to be officious. However, he is comfortable with his small circle of friends. He loves his wife unconditionally.

Edward, 52, and June Summers, 54, took the bedroom on the wall adjacent to the entryway. They married right after college and had three children. While Ed tended to be a fitness buff, exercising and running on a regular basis, June eschewed all exercise. Her pear shape attested to that. Her 34C breast emphasized her big bottom.

John, 54, and Kathy, 50, Tomlin took the wall bedroom next to Ed and June. Their neighbors affectionately referred to them as Mutt and Jeff. John packed 220 pounds on his 6' 4" frame while Kathy was a petite 5' 1", 110 pounds. Their two children had not caused any appreciable change in Kathy's body. Her 34B set up pert and proud. Her waist was still waspish while the few extra pounds she gained only added a seductive roundness to her bottom.

Cleotha, 48 and Ramona, 47, were African American and took the bedroom at the opposite end of the suite. They had one daughter in college. Cleo was 6'2" 200 pounds. He worked out irregularly with Ed and was in reasonable shape. Mona was 5' 6", 170 lbs. Her 36C bosom matched her hips. She had developed a little pooch and was working out to reduce it.

The couples took their small carryon luggage to their bedrooms to change. The remainder of their luggage would be delivered later.

Ed Summer was first to exit his room. He wore beige swim trunks and black flip-flops. Salt and pepper hair covered his head and chest. He wore his hair longish, stopping in a full cut just below the lobes of his smallish ears. An aquiline nose sat above thin lips that always had the hint of a smile. His dark eyes mirrored that hint of a smile. His hairy legs were tan and muscular. 

He checked the bar inventory and chose eight flutes for the complimentary champagne. He sat the glasses on the bar. He bent at the waist looking for the corkscrew bottle opener, his back to the bedrooms, when Bev sneaked up behind him and pinched his butt.

"What the fuck...!" Ed bolted upright, grabbed the violated cheek with one hand and turned to see Bev smiling devilishly. Her bathing suit was an aqua bandini top with contrasting black bottoms. The hook and strap closure was designed for breasts much smaller than Bev's 38D. It strained to contain this excess of pulchritude. Her mules color matched the aqua top.

"Hi Sweety," Bev purred.

Ed shot a quick nervous glance at his bedroom door then scanned the others.

"Bitch, have you lost your mind? They might come out of their rooms any second!"

Before she could answer, her husband exited their bedroom and walked across the living area to the bar. He eyed his wife and his neighbor. Unbeknownst to Ed, he was aware they were carrying on a clandestine affair. He actually saw them having sex in the bathroom in his house. It awakened odd feelings in him, none of which was outrage.

"That champagne looks inviting, Ed! Pour it!"

"Bill, we need to wait for the others. Then we'll toast our cruise!"

In their shower, Cleo and Mona were having sex. Mona leaned against the shower wall under the showerhead the water streaming off her cornrows while her husband huge cock slowly moved in and out of her fevered pussy. They needed a quickie to take the edge off. Since they had entered the swinging life style, their sex was more intense, more pleasurable. In the year since they went to Vegas, they had shared many moments like this. Mona felt Cleo swell in her, shooting his seed deep in her womb, driving her to her own orgasm.

Mona turned and embraced her husband. Their lips touched in a long soulful kiss, their tongues played lustfully.

"We need to get out of here! The others are waiting for us!"

"Why don't we hang a Do Not Disturb sign on the door? We can see them after the cruise!"

"Silly! Are you going to clean up the mess you made?"

He knelt, took the natural sponge provided in their suite and soaped up her pussy. Mona spread her legs so he could clean his seed from her. He leaned forward and tried to kiss her still swollen clit.

"Stop it, baby! We'll never get out of here if we got started!"

"Fuck 'em! Let them wait!"

"Behave!" Mona took the showerhead and let them hot water rinse the soap from her pussy. She and her husband stepped from the shower and took turns drying each other. Mona lingered while she dried his cock and balls, pulling on his cock while holding his large balls in one hand.

"Now who is misbehaving," Cleo said.

Mona playfully swatted him with the towel and walked around the bed to her carryon luggage.

Cleo quickly slipped on black speedos and grey flip-flops. He liked the effect of people seeing the bulge from his cock. He sat on the bed and watch as Mona donned a black and yellow polka dot bikini. It was a mere wisp of cloth that tied on either side of her large hips. He watched as she adjusted it and inspected herself in the mirror. The top were triangles of cloth that did little more than cover her nipples. It barely contained her rich chocolate breasts. They both made a decision to let it all hang out for this trip. It might scandalize their friends but it reflected their new more open life style.

They exited their bedroom and saw their friends waiting at the bar.

June watched the roll of Mona's hips as she approached the group standing at the bar. That woman is like fine wine, she thought, she gets hotter and sexier as she ages.

"What took you guys so long?" John Tomlin towered over everyone. His hand rested casually on the soft curve of his wife's butt. His pale white hand was in sharp contrast to his wife's full bottom black bikini with a matching halter top. His swim short were almost knee length and a loud floral pattern.

"We had to christen the bedroom.' Mona smiled.

Kathy saw the bulge in Cleo's trunks and felt a quiver in her anus. Beneath that demure exterior, she was painfully shy. She rarely looking anyone in the eye. She was, however, a woman obsessed with anal sex. Her husband did not share her obsession. Early on, the marriage almost did not make it because of his distaste for anal sex. Over their 32 year marriage, they settled into a routine of monthly anal. She had well hidden toys she used in the interim.

"You two are impossible, Ed laughed" He poured the fine wine and held up his glass.

"To good friends, good times and good fun, he intoned as he raised his glass." As the couples drank their champagne, Bev, sitting at the far end of the bar, caught Ed's eye. She winked and ran her tongue around her lips suggestively.

Ed blushed deeply. His eyes flicked around first to his wife, June, and then to his travelling companions. No one saw Bev. What was I thinking about, he thought. I never should have done it. I never should have fucked Bev. 

Chapter 2

Now there was some history between Bev Anderson and Ed Summer. Although not planned, it became a seminal event in the lives of the four couples. Long time familiarity, chance and too much alcohol fueled it. It happened at the neighborhood BBQ earlier that summer. These barbecues rotated between the four families. That weekend it was Bill and Bev's turn.

As usual, Bev was in her cups. At 57, excess defined her. She drank more, flirted openly and wore less and tighter fitting clothes then the neighborhood women. Her husband not only tolerated her excesses but also seemed to encourage it.

After several beers, Ed was feeling no pain himself. These bi weekly get togethers were a chance to unwind and enjoy good friends. Years of association made them feel more like family.

They had solved most of the world's problems by the time they were half way through the first case of beer and the second pitcher of margaritas. Cleotha nudged Ed as Bev's full mature ass wiggled by in a pink sun suit that was at least a size too small. Amused, they watched as she made her way carefully into the house. 

Bill was a highly successful investment broker. In fact, his guests all benefited from his business acumen. He advised them all and managed their portfolios. Although short and stocky, he carried himself in such a way that he seemed taller. He stood ramrod erect, getting the most out of his 5' 8' frame 180 pound frame. 

Bill was as meticulous in his cooking as he was in his research for investments. He noticed with some frustration, that Bev had failed to bring out the special spice rub he prepared for the cookout. Unable to leave the propane gas grill at what he saw as critical juncture in the preparation of the steaks, he asked Ed to go inside and grab the spice rub.

Ed entered his house from the rear and saw the rub on the kitchen counter. However, He had to piss like a racehorse. He walked down the short hall turned into the bathroom and there was Bev, partially naked.

Her one piece pink jumpsuit was around her ankles, along with her panties. Even restrained by her pink lace Demi bra, her large breasts swayed as she tried unsuccessfully to pull up her sun suit. She had obviously just finished peeing and was struggling to pull it up. He could see her big ass in profile.

"Oops, sorry!" Ed was mortified. He stumbled backwards and turned to hurry down the hall.

Beverly was trying to balance herself on the sink with one hand and pull her panties up with the other. However, the alcohol was fighting her. Each time she would bend over, she would over balance. She would almost fall head first on to the floor. She would pop back up, curse and try again. She saw Ed enter and then quickly leave. "Ed, Ed," she shouted, Come on Ed, help a lady out."

Hesitantly, Ed slowly moved forward. Several beers diluted common sense. That and a many year flirtation caused him to edge toward Bev. How many times over the years had she flaunted that big ass and those humongous tits at him and the other guys? How many times had they nudged each other as she played the senior slut role? Now there was that big dimpled ass, bare and inviting. There was her pussy, covered by neatly trimmed mingled grey and brown pubic hair. There were those jugs, the barest hint of a nipple peaking above the edge of her bra.

She placed a hand on his shoulder, and reached down for her panties. Again, she overbalanced and fell forward, throwing both arms around his neck to check her fall. He reached out to break her fall and ended up with two handfuls of fat ass. His cock was rigid now. He was also scared shitless. If anyone came in, there was no explanation for this. Even henpecked Bill would be angered. And June, how would he ever explain it to June! Despite this, he squeezed her ass.

Beverly surprised him. She stood on her tiptoes and kissed him deep and hard, forcing her tongue into his mouth. The odor of gin and expensive perfume invaded his nostrils. He cupped her ass and roughly squeezed it again.

Bev's hand trailed down and grabbed his rigid cock. "I want me some of this," she slurred. She undid the clasp on his Bermuda shorts and pulled the zipper down. They dropped around his ankles in a puddle of brown khaki. She unsteadily knelt on the floor and pulled his cock from his boxers

Ed looked over his shoulder at the open bathroom door. This was crazy! At any minute, someone could come in to use the bathroom and catch them. He was about to push her away when she licked his dickhead. "Aw fuck!" Ed moaned.

"Mmmm baby I love your cock! It's a perfect fit for my mouth!" Beverly ran her nose over the length of Ed's cock. "Mmmm that smell gets me so wet!"

Bev knew she could suck cock. She had lost count of the cocks she sucked before she met Bill. There were also several since they married. Like a famous politician, she did not believe a blowjob was having sex. In fact, Bill married her because she daily sucked him off in the office supply room. One of the things she missed most in this outpost of suburbia was the occasional cock to suck. The mailman had been a regular until he retired and a woman replaced him.

Ed placed one hand on the face bowl to keep his balance. He looked down into her grey green eyes; he saw the wanton smile on her face as she looked up at him. "Fuck, Bev that feels so good! But this is just crazy!" Again, Ed nervously looked at the bathroom door. He could faintly hear the voices on the patio.

Bev lavished wet kisses over Ed's cock. She started at his mushroom head, kissed the head. Then she licked the underside of the glans, kissed it and licked down the underside of his cock. She could feel the pulsing telling her that she had him close to coming. Bev gripped Ed's cock at the base, squeezed it tightly, causing Ed to grimace. Then she took the length of his long thin cock down her throat. She hummed, sending waves of pleasure through Ed's body. Maintaining her tight grip on the root of Ed's cock to prevent him from coming, she tightened her lips around his dick as she slowly pulled it back.

"Motherfucker, Bev, don't stop!" Ed forgot about the risk of discovery as Bev slowly drew her head back, caressing his cock with her firmly pursed lips. He laid one hand on her reddish brown pixie haircut and mouth fucked her.

"Come on, big boy, I want that amazing cock in me." Bev walked on her knees to the toilet. She pulled the lid down and sat on it. She kicked her body suit off and spread her legs. "Come get some pussy, baby!"

Ed sank to his knees in front of Bev. He scooted forward until he could position the head of his tool at the swollen pulsating entrance to her pussy. He slid the head of his throbbing purple mushroom head up and down her swollen labia. "Say you want it, bitch!" He surprised himself with the coarseness of his speech.

Bev's eyes widen at her neighbor's words. Bill never talked to her this way. She liked it! "Fuck me, you bastard, fuck me hard!"

"You slut! I've wanted this pussy for a long time." Ed thrust hard and deep. He watched Bev's eyes widen as he bottomed out against her cervix. Beth sat back, bracing herself against the toilet with her hands. 

There was no passion, just drunken lust. Ed pushed her back against the toilet. They were dogs in heat. Thrusting, snarling and growling as they consummated their adulterous act. This was no long languorous sex. This was animal fucking. Thrust hard, plant your seed and get out! He felt her pussy contract as her orgasm overtook her. It drove his orgasm as her pussy spasmed around his cock.

And then they were finished. Sweat covered their seminude bodies. Their crotches were drenched in their juices. Now guilt crept in between them. Awkwardly, Ed crawled back. His cock pulled glistening from her dripping pussy. Almost obscenely, they watched his seed ooze from her pussy and drip to the tile floor. It formed a greyish white pool on the blue tile. Their eyes met over the evidence of sex, pooling on the floor between them. 

Somewhere in her drunken haze, Bev knew she had crossed a line. She was not worried about Bill; she was the dominant in their relationship. However, Ed was the first real cock she had since she married Bill. It felt good to be the one being used instead of the user. "Ed, you had better clean up and go back first.

He nodded dumbly. Ed grabbed a towel, wetted it and washed his cock. Bev's head bobbed as she watched him clean up. Then he rinsed the towel and handed it to Bev.

Bev shook her head. "You do it! Clean your jizz out of my pussy!" She was relishing the verbally abusive chatter.

"Look, Bev, we better...!"

"Do it, mother fucker!" Beverly screamed.

Ed knelt and wiped her pussy with the warm wet towel. "Jesus, Bev, you need to keep your voice down!" He parted her labia and wiped their combined juices from her vagina. Then he cleaned her vulva. 

Bev watched as her new lover washed her pussy. She often made Bill lick her clean after their sex. Perversely, they both loved it but for different reasons. She for the sense of power it gave her to have a man between her legs cleaning her. He because of the incredibly erotic taste of their combined juices. 

Ed stood, tossed the towel into the sink and pulled his clothes up. As he turned to exit the bathroom, he thought he saw movement. His heart beat like a trip hammer as he slowly stuck his head out of the door and saw no one. He breathed a sigh of relief and headed for the kitchen. He looked all over the kitchen and could not find the spice rub. 

"Bill, I couldn't find the spice rub!" Ed said as he walked back to the patio.

"Sorry, Ed," Bill stammered, a slight sheen of swear covering his face, "I have it!"





Chapter 3



Cleotha took over the bartending and prepared several pitchers of his very potent margaritas. Everyone over indulged. They toasted each other. They toasted the captain. Finally, they toasted the sailing as the ship moved away from the dock and into the channel.

As darkness fell, they retired to their rooms, excited about the cruise and full of affection for their friends. 

Later that night, Kathy and John Tomlin were in bed. They both had over indulged in margaritas. Their sense of adventure overcame the normal inhibitions.

While John was holding on to the spinning bed trying not to upchuck, Kathy was horny. She had bought the pink sheer baby doll pajamas with the thong just for the cruise. She also had a tube of KY jelly. Kathy thought that the exotic nature of the cruise would be perfect for anal sex. 

Kathy squirted KY on her fingers. She knelt on all fours, her small round ass pointing to the ceiling. She shivered as her finger entered her ass. Fuck, she thought, this is always such an incredible feeling.

As she slowly lubed her anus, she flashed back to her fundamentalist preacher father. He fucked her ass often, the whole time spouting bible verses about women cleaving only onto their husband. Her mother would kneel next to them silently praying while her husband plowed his daughter's pooper. When she met John, she was a virgin and addicted to anal sex.
