 Julie woke up to the sound of the alarm clock buzzing incessantly in her ear. She groaned and reached over to hit the snooze button, but stopped herself. Today wasn't a good day to be late to work. She supposed to be meeting the new V.P. of sales today and it wouldn't do to show up late. 

She huddled underneath the covers for just a moment longer, savoring their warmth and coziness. Finally she resigned herself to pull back the covers and get a start on her day. The room had that morning chill and the hardwood floors certainly didn't help.

She quickly slipped on her slippers and threw her kimono robe over her halter t-shirt and panties. The robe wasn't very long so it didn't help much, but anything was better than nothing at this point. She hurried over to the bathroom and glanced herself over in the mirror. Her hair was matted to the side and wildly stuck up near the top. She laughed in spite of herself and turned on the shower. Finally, when the water was nice and hot, she disrobed and climbed in. 

The hot water running over her shoulders and down her body felt wonderful. She stood for a moment under the water just reveling in the tingling sensation. She sighed and began to lather up her hair with shampoo thinking of the day to come.

Today was the first day of the new V.P. of sales, Julie had been disappointed at first as she had been hoping that they would ask her if she wanted the position, after all she had been leading the team in sales since she first got hired, but in retrospect she figured she couldn't really see them promoting a 28 year old woman to the job, especially one that had only been with the company for 3 years. She decided she'd make the best of it and learn whatever she could from the new V.P. 

She finished shampooing her hair and stuck her head under the hot water to rinse off. A quick look told her that she needed to shave her legs today, and although her sex life had been non-existent lately she should probably shave her pussy as well. It was always easier to keep it maintained than to have to start from scratch anyway. 

She got out her Intuition razor and took a sniff; she loved the fresh smell of the cucumber melon lotion that surrounded the blade. Her legs went fairly quickly, as she never let them go to long between shavings, but she always took extra time on her pussy. Usually it ended up in a masturbation session, but today she was a little preoccupied by the day's coming events so she just decided to move on to other things. 

She grabbed the conditioner for her hair; she liked to leave it on as long as possible so that her hair was always soft and shiny. So while the conditioner went to work she moved on to the body wash. She took a sniff of this as well, as the green apple scent always succeeded in making her more alert. She grabbed her luffa and scrubbed her body until it had a healthy reddish glow.

Finally she was ready to rinse off. She stepped underneath the falling water and let herself bask in the warmth once again. After a healthy few minutes just enjoying the hot water running down her body she finally turned the shower off, open the door, and grab her towel off of the peg on the wall. She dried herself vigorously and stepped out into the bathroom.

Julie grabbed a brush and started smoothing out her hair; if she didn't get it quickly it always set wrong and looked frumpled all day. While, she brushed she examined her body in the mirror. She wondered again if she should just go ahead and get the boob job she had been thinking about for years. Her 34B breasts weren't tiny, but she always wished that she filled out her tops and dresses more. She shook away the thought and finished brushing her hair.

Now it was time to pick out something to wear. She walked from her bathroom to the closet and inspected her wardrobe. She had a lot to choose from and she spent a minute perusing her different outfits. She decided to do something a bit conservative today, after all she was meeting her new boss today and there wasn't any reason to push the boundaries of professional attire today. She picked a high neck navy jacket with a matching below knee length skirt and a non descript light blue button down blouse. She opened her lingerie drawer and grabbed a plain nude color cross over bra and her last pair of clean pantyhose. 

She went over to her dressing area and started to put on her pantyhose first. "Damn." She said as she put them on. "Just what I need a run in my last pair of hose." Well, back to the drawing board with clothes, she thought. She went back to her closet and looked it over again. She regretted not doing the laundry yesterday as a lot of her business clothes were not clean. She looked and then discarded many choices and finally decided that she'd have to go a little less conservative than she was originally planning.

She picked her black pinstripe suit with the matching above knee length skirt that she usually reserved for her younger clients. Julie was not afraid to use her sex to sell. She figured it made up for the inequities in promotions that women always seemed to be on the short end of. She chose a white scoop neck satin blouse for under the jacket and moved on to her lingerie drawer. With all her pantyhose out of commission that left only stockings to go to. She picked some white ones with a lacey elastic band at the top that would keep them from sliding down her legs. The skirt was fairly tight in the back so she decided that thong panties would be best.

Julie always liked to match her bras and panties together, off colors and styles always seemed tacky to her, so she always kept them rolled together as a pair. She chose a white lacey thong that was mostly sheer with some embroidered flowers spread out to cover some of the more explicit places, with it was a matching sheer demi bra with the same embroidered flower decoration. She finished off the ensemble with a pair of black sling back heels.

She slipped into her stockings first, stockings always made her feel sexy, even though her legs were not her best feature. There was just something about stockings that made her think of sex. She shook off the feeling, there was certainly not going to be any sex today. She quickly got dressed the rest of the way and sat down to put on her makeup. She never wore too much, but she put on some mascara, a minimum of blush, and some light pink lip gloss. 

She gave herself a final once over in the mirror, she had to admit that she looked damn good in this outfit. She just hoped that the new V.P. wasn't some stogy old coot that would completely frown upon her attire, but it was too late to really worry about that. She grabbed a granola bar as she headed out the door, hopped in her convertible and backed out into the lightening sky.

David awoke to a similar sound as his alarm clock was blaring at him to get up as well. It was earlier than normal, but this being his first day he didn't want to give his sales staff the wrong impression about his work attitude. He wasn't really too worried about strict punctuality as long as his staff was in at a reasonable hour and kept up their sales quotas, but first impressions only happen once, so he wanted to make sure he was in before he was supposed to be. David had been in sales for a long time, but this was his first stint as a V.P. He was excited about the opportunity and wanted to make sure he left his mark on the company. He slipped out from under the covers and made his way to the bathroom.

He looked at himself in the mirror as he turned on the lights. He only had the pair of cotton boxer shorts he had worn to bed. He still looked good; he worked out and kept himself in good shape. He was a former swimmer and lifeguard and he still swam regularly to keep himself toned. His hair was a mess, but a shower would take care of that. He turned on the water and waited for it to heat up. 

He went over his plan of attack for the day. He was supposed to meet with the CEO first thing to have a short talk and then the CEO was going to introduce him to the executive staff. Then he wanted to have a staff meeting with his sales people to give them a general feel of what he expected, and then individual meetings with each member to get to know them better and to review their performance and what he expected out of them. He broke off his thought process as the bathroom began to fill with steam; the shower was hot so he might as well get started.

David stepped into the shower and was greeted by a spray of scalding hot water. He jumped back and muttered to himself about not checking the water first. He reached around the hot spray and turned the hot water down to a reasonable level. He let the water pour over him but then stepped forward out of the spray and grabbed the bar of soap. He used a soap that only had a mild, clean fragrance and began to lather himself up. After rinsing off he grabbed a bottle of shampoo and conditioner in one and washed up his hair. After a moment or two of idle thought beneath the warm jets of water David turned off the shower and grabbed his towel off the bathroom counter. He toweled himself off and tamed his hair a bit. Then he got out his razor and shaved his face. Satisfied that he had not missed anything he headed to his closet to pick out a suit for today.

David had many nice suits; he always liked to dress sharply. Being in sales meant that personal appearance was very important and David had not become a V.P. by dressing in business casual. He selected a light gray suit, a crisp white dress shirt and then set himself to decide on a tie. He had lots to choose of those as well, some flamboyant, some reserved. He decided to choose something in the middle, something that wouldn't label him as a rebel but wouldn't label him a bore either. He finally chose a bright red tie that was slightly muted with a gray diagonal design. It stood out, but didn't shout "Hey, look at me!" He grabbed a pair of burgundy silk boxers with a paisley design and a black waistband, and then picked out a pair of socks to match his suit. He pulled out a pair of nice black dress shoes and proceeded to get dressed for the day.

When he got down to the kitchen he realized that he had a few minutes so he grabbed a bowl and poured himself some cereal and popped a piece of toast in the toaster. He always felt it was smart to get a good breakfast in just in case he was forced to forgo lunch because of work. When he finished David put his dishes away, walked out to the garage, and got in his luxury sedan. It was brand new Lexus with all the toys; he had gotten it for himself as a present for landing this V.P. position. He marveled at the leather and the workmanship that went into his new car, then he backed out of his driveway and headed out to work.

Julie was running low on gas so she pulled into the Mobil station to fill up. She got out and swiped her card and then proceeded to start pumping the gas. She was just kind of day dreaming waiting for the tank to fill when a tan Lexus pulled up to the pump opposite of her and a man got out. The first thing Julie noticed was his nice suit. It had a tailored look and it fit the man well. He looked important, but not full of himself as he swiped his own card and began to pump as well. He was scanning the road apparently thinking his own thoughts so Julie had the chance to look at him a bit closer. 

He was handsome, not ruggedly handsome like some romance novel hero or fashion model, but he had an air to him that made him stand out above the normal guy. He was older than any of the guys she had been dating recently, but not old, and beneath the suit she thought she could tell he was in good shape. His suit was conservative but he had a nice red tie on that told you he wasn't some executive fuddy duddy. 

She began to imagine herself on his arm, leaving a theater production, him in his nice suit and her in an evening gown. They would look good together she thought. In her mind he opened the door for her and she'd slip unto the leather seat as he closed the door behind her. She imagined them getting to their huge house and going inside. He'd light a fire and they would embrace in front of it. Then he would tilt her head up and kiss her softly, sensuously. His hand would move to her shoulder as he began to kiss down the nape of her neck. She'd revel in the tingling sensation he gave her. She'd reach out her hand to caress the bulge in his… [Clunk]

The gas pump broke her out of her reverie and she jumped slightly at the sound. She noticed that he was looking at her now, so she sheepishly looked down, topped off the gas and replaced the cap. She stole a quick glance at him and saw that he was still watching her. If she were more daring she'd give him her phone number, but if it was one thing that defined her life it was not daring. She got into her car and drove out to the street and on to work.

A tone sounded and the little gas pump indicator lit up on the instrument panel of David's Lexus. He was a little unfamiliar with the area so he was glad when he saw a Mobil station he could stop at. He pulled next to a pump, clicked the fuel door release button and got out of his car. David swiped his card, started filling up the gas tank, and looked towards the street to survey the traffic he would be driving in with every day. It wasn't too bad really, the street was crowded but at least it wasn't stop and go.

He looked over to see a petite little Asian girl staring at him. He looked back at her, but he could tell she was off in her own little world. She was definitely hot, he thought. The business suit she was wearing looked incredible on her and he found himself imagining what she had on underneath. Were those pantyhose? Stockings? Was she wearing a garter? She had long dark brown hair, and average to below average sized boobs, but David wasn't really a tit man anyway, he liked them on the smaller side. 

He began to imagine himself cupping those lovely tits and sucking on, what he was sure were some small brown nipples. Then he'd work his way down over her flat stomach and down to that place where her thighs met her torso. Would she be hairy? Trimmed? Shaved? Trimmed he thought, probably with a little landing strip. He'd move around and over her pussy, teasing her with his hot breath and warm tongue, always keeping just out of reach of her engorged clit. He'd smell her sweetness as she became hotter and wetter, then he would take his first taste…

The little Asian girl jumped, like she had been startled by something. She looked at David once and then quickly looked down at the gas pump handle. She seemed almost embarrassed. David continued looking at her as she started screwing the fuel cap back on her little convertible. She has a pretty face, he thought. Not as hot as the girls in that porn, he mused, but very pretty nonetheless. She gave him one more quick glance and then seductively slide into the driver's seat and drove away.

David sighed and wondered what it would be like to fuck a girl so young. The ladies he had been dating and bedding lately were all middle aged. Hot in their own way of course, but they rarely wanted to do anything fun or out of the ordinary. Sex was supposed to be in the bedroom and nowhere else. Damn it, I'm not old, he thought to himself. I'm in my prime right now, why am I wasting it on boring sex? He asked himself almost angrily. He decided the next time he saw a girl like that he was going to ask her out, or at least strike up a conversation. The pump clunked, indicating his tank was full so he topped it off, put the fuel cap back on and shut the fuel door. He backed out and turned onto the street still thinking about the hot little Asian girl.

Julie got to her office and immediately started dealing with emails and phone messages that were waiting for her. It was going to be a busy morning and she still didn't know what the new V.P. was going to have in store today. She saw that he had blocked off time in the conference room at 9:00 and figured he was going to hold a staff meeting to introduce himself. She had plenty of work to do before then so she started making her callbacks and answering her emails.

David pulled into the parking lot and into his reserved space. A guy could get used to this, he thought. He went up to the fourth floor where his office was going to be and made it as far as his new secretary. Her name was Nancy and she looked to be about 40 and about 40 pounds overweight as well. Her desk was clean though and she had a look of competence about her. Besides, it's not like he was going to start dating his secretary anyway. 

"Mr. Jones." She said. "Mr. Anderson wants to see you as soon as you get in. I'll show you to his office. Also, I put the personnel files and sales figures on your desk, as you requested."

"Thank you Nancy." He said. "If you can point me to Mr. Anderson's office, I'd be very appreciative."

Nancy led David through the floor to a large mahogany reception area. Along the way she pointed out the restrooms and told him the cafeteria was on the first floor on the other side of the atrium. Sales was on the second floor and engineering was on the third floor. They had a manufacturing facility in the next building over.

"I'll leave you with Cassandra and I'll be back at my desk if you need me sir." Nancy said.

"Thanks for the directions Nancy." David said as she took her leave.

Cassandra was a beautiful blonde girl who couldn't have been over 25. She had huge tits for her body, at least 36D. David decided they must be implants because she looked to be about 5'8" and 120 pounds. She smiled at him brightly and said.

"You must be Mr. Jones. I'm Cassandra, Mr. Anderson's assistant."

He replied. "Yes, I'm David. It's a pleasure to meet you Cassandra. Is Mr. Anderson available?"

"Let me check." She said.

She pressed a small intercom button and waited until Mr. Anderson answered the call.

"Yes Cassie, what is it?" Mr. Anderson asked.

"Mr. Jones is here waiting to see you sir." She replied.

"Great, please send him in and fetch us both some coffee will you?"

"Certainly sir." She said, then she pressed the button again and said. "Go right in Mr. Jones."

David opened the paneled door and stepped into the CEO's office.

They talked for a while. Mr. Anderson thanked David again for joining the team and that he was sure the Sales department would take off under David's guidance. At 8:00 they walked to the executive conference room. David knew he was going to have to postpone his staff meeting so he asked Cassandra to have Nancy inform his staff for him.

The executive meeting seemed to go on forever. Each V.P. had to get up and tell David a little about what their department did and how they linked in with sales. Then Mr. Anderson made a long speech about the exciting new direction the company was taking and that David was a prize new addition to the executive team. When it was finally over it was close to 10:00.

David decided to forgo the staff meeting and just meet up with each of his staff individually. He got back to his office and started perusing the personnel files and sales figures for each person on his staff. He quickly categorized them from best to worst as far as numbers went. He was slightly surprised to see he had a woman pulling in the most sales. Julie Doll was her name. He didn't figure he'd get to her until late afternoon, as he wanted to deal with the worst members of his team first. Jason Swires was the one with the worst sales figures. He paged Nancy and asked for her to send him up.

When Jason walked in David could immediately see why he was the low man on the sales totem. He dressed in a polo and khakis and he had at least two days growth on his face. He looked disorganized and seemed a little befuddled by some of the questions David asked him about his sales numbers and what his plans and goals were to raise them. David hoped that the rest of his staff wasn't this bad or he was going to be in for a rough time.
