 I was flying to Chicago to meet a friend. She had needed a date for a work function. She felt the company would have frowned at her girlfriend coming. So I was the lucky guy who got to spend the weekend with her. But first I had to get there.

I had bought my ticket awhile ago. Southwest. They flew out of the local airport and direct to Chicago. She was going to fly there too and we would land at the same time. I had booked through work so had the business seat. First to board. I always liked the emergency row so I could stretch out.

I was at the gate early and checked the departure time. It all looked good, so I grabbed a beer at the bar. Then I heard the announcement. The flight would be delayed. Crap. I was supposed to meet my friend at the airport. I texted her. Let her know to grab a cab to the hotel. I'd text when we finally were going to take off. I ordered some food and another drink. Nothing to do but read and people watch.

I saw everyone at the gate sigh all together and as it was a night flight, quite a few came to the bar to get a drink and some food. I saw one young lady walking over and took my stuff off the seat next to me and offer it to her. Thankfully she accepted. She wasn't gorgeous, but she was sexy. It could have been her face, her hips, I am not sure, but I had a good distraction.

We talked for awhile and became friendly. Told each other why we were going to Chicago. There was definite tension. We were touching each other lightly. Running fingers up arms, playing with each others hands. Good silences and smiles, where you both know something could happen. Something fun.

Finally, they announced our flight. I paid the bill, making sure to cover her drinks, and we walked over to the gate. I was getting on first, but told her I'd save her a seat. I got on and grabbed an emergency row. The flight attendant sort of blocked the other two seats for me, until she came and he moved for her. We had the middle seat empty and hoped it would stay that way.

Finally the plane was boarded. I texted my friend before they started pulling away from the gate. Said I would see her soon.

I was already sitting next to my new friend, having lifted up the arm between us. Hands were teasing hands, her skirt had somehow been slid over her knees, and I was touching her bare skin. The flight attendants checked seat belts and gave us a little smile when they walked by our row.

The lights were dimmed as we started take off. We kissed before we ever reached the final altitude. We didn't have long. We had to make the most of it. I was aching. Hard. She was hot. I could feel the heat from her legs. I slid my hand up more as we tried to be discrete. We weren't. The flight attendant came over and gave us a blanket. Then happened to tell us, because it's so late, there won't be any beverage or snack service so we shouldn't be bothered.

I didn't care. As soon as the blanket covered us, i slid her skirt all the way up. I needed to touch her. She was wet, sticky, hot. She said she was too nervous to cum. I said we can try. I slid fingers in and out as she took my cock out of my pants. Her hands felt great. I was sliding my fingers in and out of her pussy as she stroked my cock. "I love to swallow" she told me. Fuck I could cum right now.

I looked around and then grabbed her head and forced it under the blanket. I was going to join the mile high club (sort of) and wasn't even in a bathroom. Because of the angle, my cock was not going all the way in, but who the fuck cared. Her tongue would run around my head every time she pulled back, before plunging down again. I whispered I was going to cum and she would swallow it all. I pushed her down as hard as I could and started to shoot.

5 or 6 shots later, and a sore lip from biting it to keep quiet and I let her up. She licked her lips and her eyes sparkled. "See" she said. We still had time to fly. I was determined to make her cum. As she leaned back I kissed her and slid my hand back to her pussy. She may have been wetter than before. I had to taste her. I slid my fingers in and out coating them. Then I took them and sucked them clean. So thick and sweet. Delicious.

I did this a few times before she grabbed my hand and cleaned the fingers herself. "I love pussy too" she said. Immediately I thought she should come to the hotel with me. My friend loves pussy too. As we made out and tried to get her to relax, we talked about after the flight. Unfortunately, she was meeting family who would probably be waiting for her. So I had until the flight ended.

They announced the descent and I knew she wasn't going to cum. I made sure to get her number and agree to meet up. I had some work left to do and I wanted to fuck her. Her pussy was so hot on my fingers. I need to feel it with my cock.

We landed and I helped her with her carry on and we headed off the plane. Somehow holding hands on the ramp. Even in the terminal. A connection had been made and more would come from it.

While we were walking, I saw a side corridor with a bathroom sign. I dragged her into the family bathroom over her protests. I couldn't wait. I pushed her up against the counter and lifted her skirt. Her panties were soaked. I hadn't seen them before on the plain.

I dropped my pants releasing my cock and walked up between her legs. I pulled her panties to the side. "Fuck" she sighed. Fuck I thought. She was hot and tight. We were making out and grinding against each other. I was going to fill her up, but she need to come first. I used a hand on a nipple, rolling, squeezing, twisting. Harder the more she moaned.

I slipped my other hand between us and played with her clit. She had to meet her family, but would do so with a smile on her face. I could feel her pussy clinch on my cock the more I played with her. I rubbed her clit faster, fucked her faster. Finally she leaned back. She groaned, moaned, "I'm cumming..ugh" over and over. I started to cum in her too. Filling her. Marking her as mine.

After we were both done. I pulled out, and covered her pussy with her panties. Let her straighten herself out. Then walk out with a kiss. I knew I would never see her again no matter what she said. And she would meet her family with my cum dripping down her leg. I smiled and thought that all flights should be like this as I walked out and headed to the cab stand.

I texted my friend. I told her everything. She only said "It's too bad she couldn't come to the hotel with you."