 Until that day I had always tried to be a good husband. The spark had left the relationship two years into the marriage but we still went through the day to day tasks and even maintained a healthy sex life. Staying passionate was pretty hard when your partner had become more like a business associate. My wife, Brandi was not ugly by any stretch of the imagination. Her shoulder length red hair was curly and bordered on out of control but grabbed the eye from a mile away, her baby blue eyes stuck out against the red hair and few choice freckles that rested on her cheeks, her breasts were large but had somehow maintained a perkiness that seemed to defy gravity, and her ass had the shape that made men turn and stare after she had walked past. But, like the old saying goes, 'Show me a beautiful woman and I will show you a man tired of fucking her'. That was my situation.

----

My job had pretty much dead-ended. I managed my department but there were a couple people above me. I had a small office that had enough room for a computer and a filing cabinet. Every day of my life had become exactly the same. That was until the day that my boss transferred a new girl to my department. I was extremely bitter at the new addition in order to give her hours I was going to have to cut from one of the people under me who already were strapped as tight as they could go. I guess that is why she got transferred from her old department anyway, she was too good to let go but it was too rough to squeeze hours.

Her first day in my department she came into my micro sized office and introduced herself. She was nervous and kept errantly pushing strands of her long blonde hair out of her face. Her glasses hid a pair of brown eyes so dark that you could fall into them and even though her clothes were not flattering it was hard not to notice her trim athletic build. Just about everything about her was the opposite of my wife. 

"Hi, my name is Gwen," she introduced herself. "Thank you so much for approving my transfer; I don't know what I would do without this job. I was sure that I was going to get laid off."

I smiled and shook her hand, "Anything to help out." I said not letting her know that I hadn't approved anything, wanting to stay on her good side.

"I swear, you will not regret it for a minute," she said pushing her hair back. 

I nodded and started fiddling with my computer. She took the hint that I was trying to work and left my office. I couldn't help looking at her as she left. I marveled at the length of her legs for as small as she was, they seemed to go on for miles leading to a perfect firm ass. It took all my concentration to get any work done after she left. My mind had left with her.

I continued my work day only seeing her again when it was quitting time. She smiled at me in passing and I went about the rest of my mundane life. I walked in the front door and realized my wife had beaten me home for a change. Usually she showed up about a twenty minutes after me depending on how traffic had been. She was still wearing her white blouse and black slacks, both which were about a half a size too small that she seemed to choose on purpose to show off her wonderful curves. 

I snuck up on her and started kissing her neck. Meeting Gwen had apparently gotten me more fired up than what I had thought. She moaned softly and leaned her neck to the side. Even though my wife and I had lost most of the passion from our relationship it didn't mean that I found her anything less than beautiful. A man would have to be blind or gay to not think impure thoughts around her. One thing led to another and soon enough we were in the bedroom. Her slacks became a ball in the bedroom door, leaving her in a pair of lacy panties and her blouse. 

Desire got the best of me as I bent her over the bed and pushed her panties to the side. My cock was hard and I had no patience to wait as I stabbed into her barely moist pussy with vigorous intensity. She moaned into the mattress as I assaulted her with my violent intensity. My cock isn't the largest in the world but I have never had any complaints and the way she was screaming it seemed to be doing the job again. Her inner walls gripped me tightly as I continued my punishment. I grabbed her curvy hips, pulling her back roughly against me. I fucked her as rough and as fast as I could, growling in pure lust and desire. I stayed hard for longer than my usual bouts and she seemed to appreciate it cumming before I was even close. As I looked down at her perfect round as my mind fantasized that it was seeing Gwen's perfect tight ass in her place.

I began to lose what little control I had. My imagination got the best of me as I fantasized about her tight little athletic frame. I fucked my wife faster and faster. Her screams were ragged and wild as I felt her cum on my cock for at least the second time. I slapped her ass with a ringing smack as I let loose inside of her with spurt after spurt of hot cum. She let out a yelp from the slap and collapsed on the bed as I stopped moving inside her. 

She wiggled from under me and went to the bathroom. The shower turned on and she followed through with her post-sex ritual, taking care of the dirtiness that she always seemed to feel after being touched by me. I followed her into the bathroom talking to her while she was in the shower. 

"What brought that on?" she asked me.

"Can't a man be happy to see his wife," I said coming up with the best answer that I could think of at the spur of the moment.

"You practically raped me. I'm not complaining, but that just isn't like you."

As I watched her soaping herself in the shower, I found myself getting hard again. I opened the shower door and joined her. She looked at me with confusion and backed up under the water. I reached forward caressing her wet soapy breasts.

"Easy there, mister. What do you think you're doing?"

I smiled at her and dropped to my knees in front of her. I tried lifting a leg up on to my shoulder to lean her against the shower wall. Just as I got in sight of her recently used but still very beautiful shaved pussy she pushed me backwards. 

"I don't know what has gotten into you but mouths do not go there. Gross," she quickly got out of the shower leaving me standing there with a very hard cock pointing straight forward.

I received the cold shoulder for the rest of the evening. She didn't speak a word to me and when bedtime came she stayed as far on her edge as she could possibly be. I tried holding her and was greeted with grunts of anger. After a few attempts I rolled to my side of the bed and eventually fell asleep. When I woke up in the morning she had already gotten up and left for work. I drank my coffee in peace wondering what the work day had for me today.

----

I arrived at work and quickly found out that it was going to be a bad day. My two employees both had called off with cases of the flu, which meant that work consisted of myself and Gwen who had no idea how anything in the department went. That meant that I was going to have to stay over to make sure that everything got done. 

Gwen made frequent trips into my office all morning asking questions about things that my normal crew automatically knew how to do. Her questions always were good questions but I got frustrated at her and snapped at her just before lunch. I saw the tears in her eyes as she excused herself and left. I felt like the world's biggest asshole.

I stayed in my office during lunch, trying to get some of my computer work done to avoid even more extra time after work. Gwen must have assumed that I had gone away for lunch because she seemed shocked to see me sitting at my chair. She was carrying a paper in her hand and turned bright red when she saw me sitting there.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you would be in the cafeteria."

Her blouse was unbuttoned one button too many revealing a glimpse of her red lace bra. I tried not to stare at her small pert breasts as she spoke but I failed miserably. Fortunately for me she seemed so interested in looking down that she didn't notice my gaze.

"Why would you be coming into my office if I was in the cafeteria?"

"It's not important," she said taking a step to the door.

"Stop right there," I said not knowing exactly where this was coming from. "Close the door and come sit down."

She hesitated for a moment and closed the door. She turned and stood in front of my desk holding the piece of paper in both hands like a shield. I stared at her as she stood there biting her lower lip. 

"I was turning in my request for a transfer. I'm not very good at this job and I don't like to see you irritated at me," she said. Her cheeks were blushed pink and she looked at me like a deer in headlights. 

I got up from my desk and walked over to her. I sat down on the corner looking at her and for some reason I reached out and touched her arm. She seemed to loosen a little as I lightly rubbed her arm. 

"Gwen, I don't accept your request. For one, there is nowhere to transfer you to. The company has cut back almost every department," I said seeing her eyes well with tears. 

I reached out softly wiping away a tear from her cheek. She surprised me by pressing her cheek against my hand. I stayed calm and collected as I kept my hand in place, "And secondly, I think you have potential to do very well here. You just need to be willing to do the right type of work. Are you willing to do that work, Gwen?"

Gwen nodded and took my grabbed my hand. She took it from her cheek and pulled it to her mouth sucking softly on my index finger. Her tongue swirled it and teased my fingertip in a way that made my cock spring instantly to life.

My breathing quickened as I whispered softly, "What are you doing? This isn't what I meant Gwen."

She took my finger from her mouth and used her other hand to slowly rub the growing bulge in my pants, "I really need this job, sir. I will work under you as much as I need to if you just give me a chance."

It took all my strength to stifle a moan as she rubbed me. Her hand worked like an expert. She lightly teased the head of my cock through my pants and slid down the shaft. She gave a squeeze, brushed her hand softly over my balls and then slowly stroked her way back to the tip. She obviously knew what she was doing.

"As your boss," I labored to get each word out. "I have to tell you that this is not what I meant and in no way does this mean any special treatment for this behavior."

She smiled at me with a perfect sweet smile and unzipped my pants. I felt her small hand reach inside and squeeze my hard shaft. I let out the softest moan and for the first time, thought about my wife. My eyes closed at the wonderful sensations this amazing woman was giving me. I fought in my head with the notions of divorce and the ruin my life would fall into if this was ever discovered. She pulled my stiff rod from my pants letting the cool office air hit it. My hips shifted forward. I thought that it wasn't too late yet. I could still stop her and it could all go back to normal. And then I felt the velvet softness of her tongue rub the head of my cock and my eyes shot open.

"You have a beautiful penis, Sir," she said as engulfed just the head in her small pink mouth. 

I brought my hand to my mouth to stifle a loud moan as I watched her blonde head bob slowly up and down taking more and more of my shaft into her mouth with each motion. I rested a hand gently on the top of her head as my hips involuntarily rocked forward. She pulled her head back, my cock leaving her mouth with an audible pop. She coughed as she looked up at me, her deep dark eyes full of tears.

"Your penis is so big Sir. It choked me," she said as she went back to running her tongue across the head.

I looked down at her, "Why do you keep calling it penis like that?"

"Would you prefer I call it your big, hard, cock, Sir?" she asked just before taking it deep into her mouth letting me feel it just enter the very entrance of her throat. I fought back an intense scream of pleasure.

"Oh god, what are you doing to me?" I hissed as my hand wrapped in her hair, feeling myself getting so close to orgasm.

She grabbed my hand taking it from her head as she slid her mouth off my cock. She smiled up at me. "Most of the men I have been with like the sweet innocent thing. Do you prefer I act like a slut, Sir?" she asked as she softly squeezed my balls through my pants.

"I just want you to act like yourself," I said as I tried to gain my focus back.

She smiled again; her sweet innocent looks took on a sinister tone, "Give me your wedding ring."

I paused as I looked down at her. The mention of my ring made me freeze. I thought of all that the ring meant. I thought of my beautiful wife on our wedding day. I thought of the life we had worked so hard to assemble. I thought again of how much I needed to stop Gwen right that second. And then I lost all thought as I felt that warm mouth take me again. She bobbed up and down on my cock quickly, removing her mouth again just before I exploded.

"Give me the ring," she said more forcefully.

I slid the ring off of my finger and gave it to her, understanding what that action symbolized. She took the ring and slid it inside of her pants. I watched as her hand played with her pussy. I envied her fingers as I looked down at her, my cock standing at attention. She slid her hand back out of her pants and handed me my wedding ring. The gold ring glistened with her juices as I pushed it back down on to my finger. 

She slowly stroked my cock with her hand as she stared up at me, "Make sure you call your wife and tell her you have to work late tonight."

I nodded at her feeling that tension that comes just before orgasm. She must have been able to tell because she stopped stroking me. "Please don't stop. It has been so long. Please, I need this."

"Call her and tell her," she said to me flashing that sinister sweet smile. "Or I stop right now."

I picked up my office phone. I fumbled with the numbers until I finally got the right combination punched in. The phone rang and rang before Brandi finally picked up. I cleared my throat and tried to pick the exact words to say to keep the conversation short and to the point. She had other things in mind.

"Honey, I am so sorry about last night. I have been feeling horrible about it all day."

I looked down at Gwen on her knees in front of me, I felt like the world worst person, "It's okay baby. I pushed too hard." Gwen took me completely into her mouth and started sucking fast. It took every ounce of strength I had to keep my conversation normal.

"I promise when you get home tonight I will make it up to you. We can even try that one thing."

"Oh my god," I moaned softly into the phone as Gwen bobbed quickly up and down on my cock bringing me to the edge of release.

"Do you forgive me?" she asked almost pleading with me. 

"Baby," I fought with the words as Gwen varied her speed. "I am sorry that I am going to be late tonight. We had two call-offs today. And all I have is the new girl."

"Oh," she said sounding distraught. "Well you stay on her and push to get home to me. It will all be completely worth it."

I grabbed the top of Gwen's head and fucked her mouth. My hips pushing forward burying my cock in her throat, "Don't worry honey. I will ride her hard. I have to go baby."

"I love you," she said.

"Mmm," I moaned softly into the phone. "Yes."

I hung up the phone as quickly as I could, grabbing her hair with my other hand. She fought weakly to let go of my cock. I ignored her, biting my lip hard as I exploded in her mouth. I saw little black and white stars as I filled her mouth with load after thick load of cum. She choked slightly and pushed back hard causing my cock to pop out of her mouth and the last shot of cum to splash on her cheek. It took all my strength to stay sat up straight. 

She slapped my leg, "You choked me, you jerk."

"I'm sorry. It's just that my wife doesn't do that. I have only had one blowjob in my life and that was from a girl who didn't know what she was doing."

She nodded her head, obviously still angry. "You can make it up to me later. What did wifey say?"

"She apologized about our fight last night and said we could try my fantasy when I got home."

"I can do better than that. I will do what you want and I will let you video it," she said as she wiped the cum from her cheek.

I looked at her confused, "What's the catch?"

"There's no catch. I scratch your back and you scratch mine," she said with that sinister sweet smile.

I smiled like the stupid man that I am and zipped my pants back up. She left my office and got back to work. It was going to be a long day and no doubt I was going to enjoy it.