  Chapter 02 – Here We Go Again

Penny and I spent the weekend just being lazy. We laid around the house and didn't do much of anything except talk. I told her about how things were back home and how the urge to come back finally overwhelmed me. I conveniently left out the fact that the overwhelming urge was due to Brooke placing her foot firmly in my ass to motivate me.

We made love both Saturday night and Sunday night. It felt very committed and deep, like the game no longer existed and we were just a normal couple. It was everything that I had wanted with Penny and if felt perfect, until Monday morning arrived. Penny got up and took a shower, preparing to go to the office. When she was done, I began to scrape myself out of bed, but she stopped me.

"What are you doing," she asked.

"I was going to get ready to go to work," I informed her.

"Why don't you take a few days to acclimate to being back," she suggested.

"I assumed getting acclimated would include going back to work," I stated.

"Why not relax for a few days," she urged. "Vivian will be home this morning, why not surprise her by being here? You two can use today to catch up. Lord knows that there will be plenty of time to get back to work."

I thought about what she had said. It seemed like a great idea to me. I could catch up with Vivian, answer any questions she had and also reorganize myself here at home. I looked up at Penny as I settled back into bed.

"Sold," I announced.

She kissed me lightly on the lips before scurrying down the stairs and out the door. I laid in bed for a while watching television until I decided to get up and get moving. I began organizing my room and getting back to a system of how things would be here at home. I made my way downstairs and had a cup of coffee while I flipped through the pile of mail on the dining room table. I smiled widely when I heard Vivian's little convertible pull into the driveway.

I heard her key in the door and I took a seat on the couch. I waited as she made her way up the stairs and onto the main level. She walked into the kitchen and retrieved a bottle of water from the fridge before making a beeline for the stairs. As she walked past me I watched her sexy frame sway from side to side. She was wearing a white tank top and grey stretch pants with sneakers. It appeared that she might be headed to the gym in her current attire.

"Weren't you going to say hello," I asked as she past me.

Vivian turned around in a flash and stumbled slightly because she was so startled. She looked at me sitting on the couch as if I were a figment of her imagination. I stood up and she ran to me instantly. She jumped into my arms and hugged me tightly. Vivian did not cry, as Penny had, instead she was smiling as big as I had ever seen.

"I missed you so much," she said.

"I missed you too," I admitted.

"Are you home for good," she asked.

"I don't have any reason to leave," I informed her.

Vivian kissed me firmly. I kissed her right back with all the heat I was feeling for her at that moment. I held her as we devoured each other with our mouths. Vivian pulled away from me pulled her tank top over her head. She threw it at me and laughed.

"I want you right now," she exclaimed. "Six months without you was way too much for me. A girl can only satisfy herself so much before she needs a man's touch and I need you, RIGHT NOW."

I took off my t-shirt and shorts, and then sat back down on the couch. Vivian finished undressing and then sauntered over to me. She climbed on top of me, bending her knees and placing them on either side of my hips. I exhaled heavily as she grabbed my shaft and positioned it at her opening. She was saturated and I slid inside of her easily. She worked her pelvis on mine as I moaned with ecstasy.

She bounced up and down on my lap as I fondled her beautiful boobs in my hands. It felt like heaven each time she came crashing down on my rod. She worked fast, running her hands through my hair as she increased her speed. Her walls swallowed my cock with each thrust of her body onto mine. As her climax built she began pulling my hair lightly. She pulled harder as she fucked me faster. It was a unique combination of pleasure and pain as I erupted suddenly inside of her.

I shot many spurts of cum into her pussy as she continued to impale herself on my stick. I groaned loudly with my last shot and Vivian crashed to me again. She locked herself in place and softly kissed my neck. I held her for a moment as we basked in the afterglow.

"I hope you don't think you are done," she whispered in my ear.

"I take it you want more," I said assumingly.

"Oh yeah," she laughed. "I have waited way too long for this to stop at one."

She climbed off of me and crawled onto the floor. I watched her position herself on all fours, her ass facing where I was still seated. My juices and hers ran slowly out of her pussy as she spread her lips with two fingers. The scene was way too inviting to pass up so I quickly rose from the couch and positioned myself behind her. I injected my rod into her gash once again. The mixture of our fluids lubricated my dick as I filled her from behind.

I grabbed her arms and used them to pull her back to me as I filled her. Vivian gasped as I buried my cock in her vagina. I pulled her back to me harder each time. I crashed into her continually, enjoying every single second of this experience. I penetrated her again, very forcefully and she let out a loud scream. Her vocals inspired me to spear her harder with my next thrust.

Vivian was grinding her teeth and moaning loudly as I pounded her slot unmercifully. She seemed to lose her voice as waves of pleasure swept over her and carried her to repeated climaxes. I showed no mercy as I brutally attacked her tight little hole with powerful plunges. Her voice cracked as she screamed again when I popped. I burst a short, powerful load into her sweet spot. I filled her with three thick, milky blasts before I was done. 

I collapsed at the intensity of my second explosion and Vivian crashed on top of me. I looked down at her as we both were breathing heavily.

"I hope you don't expect another round," I said to her.

"I couldn't go again if I wanted to," she laughed as we laid there.

We did not move for a while, we just enjoyed the moments that passed. Finally we were able to function. We spent the day watching movies and catching up. I hadn't realized how much I had missed her until we talked. She was a good woman and she helped make this game everything that it was. I knew there were still some unresolved feelings between us, but today was not the time to get into them.

She took a shower later in the day and when she was done I took one myself. I let the warm water run over me and thought of how amazing it was to be back here, with these women. I stood there for a long time just thinking about each of them and the times that we had shared. This was one unique set of circumstances we were all involved in. I wondered to myself how I got so lucky.

I snapped out of it as I shut the water off. I climbed out of the shower and as I was drying off I heard voices from downstairs. They were getting louder and as I opened the bathroom door, they became very clear. It was Penny and Vivian, in some sort of shouting match. I put on a t-shirt and shorts and made my way downstairs quickly. I found them in the kitchen, pointing and yelling at each other.

"That's bullshit, Penny," Vivian hollered at her. "You had your time; we need new blood running this game."

"That's not your call, Viv," Penny yelled back. "I am still in charge. The game didn't end and it didn't change. We just had a slight interruption."

"You are forcing my hand here," Vivian argued. "I can't sit back and watch you run this game for yourself while the rest of us get locked out. You have to be fair."

Penny noticed me standing in the doorway of the kitchen and stood perfectly still. She looked back at Vivian and then walked past me swiftly. I heard her feet on the stairs and then the door to her room slammed shut. I looked back at Vivian, who said nothing. I did not know what to make of this situation at all. I moved to the couch and turned on the television, not sure of what else to do.

Vivian came and sat next to me. We sat in silence for a couple of hours until Vivian excused herself to go to bed. I shut the television and made my way to my room. Penny's door was still shut tight as I passed her room.

I was very confused.