 Hello everyone! This is Maeve. Loa is still sleeping like a log in my room. He told me about this peculiar journal he's been keeping since coming here and has even let me read it. I must admit right away that most of it is real, at least from his point of view... You've been missing a few things in his story, but I guess I'll take this opportunity to fill you in a bit as to my own point of view. Here's what happened since last night...

After we moved to my own room and fell upon my bed, we slept a dreamless night. We woke up at eleven this morning and took a shower... (Smiles) I'll skip this part, as he might want to write about it later on. Julia was nowhere to be seen, so as much as we would have liked to invite her in, we spent that shower alone together... Believe me, we managed to have fun anyway! 

Oh, by the way, everything Loa placed in Julia's mouth in his last part is true: we do share lovers and often at the same time. It caused problems with a guy once, but since that sad episode we always made sure to get things cleared out first. So when Loa told me about his near encounter with Julia last night before I came back, I wasn't upset at all: Julia knew that I had my eyes and heart set on him so would have made that clear with Loa. 

Let's keep moving... Since I know just how much he likes my hair, I asked him to help me to dry my hair after the shower. It. Was. Fun! I think this is going to turn into an every-morning-ritual! (This too I'm going to leave it to him...) When we returned to my room afterwards, Loa fell back on the bed, exhausted again. (I think it was my fault: I did ask him to take another strange position...) But now I was hoping that he had something left in him and I wanted to see if I was right. So after putting another Celtic CD on, I grabbed another bottle of oil, walked up to him and knelt on the bed between his legs. Pulling his ass to the edge of the bed, I knelt down on the floor between them. When he raised his head with a half smile on his face, I told him to simply lay down and enjoy. Which he did, with a small laugh. 

His cock was quite soft now, which is perfectly understandable. But I had something in mind. When I placed my hands on his thighs, I told him that I had been wanting to do that for a long time. I had seen him naked once, a year and a half ago, when we went to a cabin in the woods with a bunch of friends. The third morning, sure that he was the only one awake; he had gone skinny dipping in the nearby lake. Too curious to let such an occasion pass by, I had followed him there and watched him swim around and sunbathe in the morning sun. I nearly decided to join him but he had something of a girlfriend back then (a weird relationship, that), and so I didn't do it. 

Even though I had only seen his cock as placid as it was now, I had liked it at first glance! I know this may sound funny, but that's what happens when you have a cock fetish. This may wound completely absurd for most of you, but Loa is far from the only one with fetishes around here. As a matter of fact, I'm looking forward to his discovering Julia's number one fetish! Just to see the look in his eyes! Anyway, that'll probably come up in another story...

He hummed his agreement when I told him about having wanted to do this for a long time. His cock twitched a bit, clearly in agreement too! Oil-less for now, I rubbed his thighs and got closer and closer to his cock and balls. This is where I would start. With my left thumb, I grazed his balls softly. Up and down while my other hand was still caressing his thigh. Then my other thumb joined in, pushing the first one all the way up his cock. The blood was starting to pour in: I knew he had it in him!

With my fingertips now I teased the underside of his shaft as I circled his ball-sack with my other hand. When my index finger and thumb gently closed in, I pulled down slowly. This pulled his cock up against my other, waiting hand. When I closed my hand around his shaft and squeezed, Loa moaned for the first time. And now that he was nearly hard, I released his balls and pushed my thumb beneath it to that secret spot just above his anus. Still holding his cock in my left hand, I pushed my right thumb against that little private spot and felt his cock moving slightly in my hand. When you love cocks, you learn that the erection goes all the way down there. When the guy you're working on doesn't know it himself, the surprise can do wonders. 

And apparently Loa wasn't aware of his own, longer root. Even though the pushes only made very small movements, I knew the feelings were quite intense. But now that he was fully hard, we were both going to have a lot more fun! I let go of his cock and placed both my hands on his abdomen, returning some of his earlier caresses. "Now that you're all hard for me, I'm going to thank you for that massage yesterday..." Forming the classic "OK" sign with my left hand, I wrapped it around the middle of his shaft. Pulling it upwards I began to stroke him a little more vigorously. "I can't wait to have you in my mouth, can't wait to taste you Loa... But first I'm going to have to tease a great climax from your cock." 

So I did. As far as his skin allowed (he was not circumcised so I had a little more room to move), I pulled my firm "OK" sign from the bottom of his glans to the base of his cock. Sometimes I moved up or down to focus more on the base or the crown. But not his head yet. By now he had placed a pillow under his head and was looking at me. Looking back up I smiled. I enjoyed this and wanted him to know it: experience told me that sometimes this was enough to trigger a climax. For some reason, guys love girls that love to suck cock. Weird isn't it?

I knew Loa loved more than just a girl that love to suck cock. So, transforming my "OK" into a full finger grasp, I held his cock firmly in my left hand and straightened up on my knees between his legs. In as fluid a movement as I could manage, I pushed out my breasts and swung them from left to right a few times. At the same time, I swished my newly dried hair in the opposite direction before letting them fall down partly on my breast and partly on my back. With my eyes half closed I whispered: "I'm sure you still have something in those balls and I want it. I want to drink it all, so I won't stop until I'm satisfied."

I didn't fully understand the look in his eyes when I said this, but I think he enjoyed my determination. (Smiles) Putting my right thumb in my mouth I coated its tip with saliva. When I pressed it back against the delicate place where the skin attaches to the glans, Loa closed his eyes again. Softly and slowly at first I began to rub my thumb up and down that "V" spot. Gradually I switched to small circles that grew slowly. As I did, I was still squeezing his shaft and pulling it upwards and downwards a bit. I stopped after the first full-thumb circle across his entire head. He had begun to moan again but I really wanted to build something big...

Reaching down for the oil bottle, some things need a bit more lubrication than others... While holding his cock loosely I poured some oil on my left palm and then told him to watch out. He barely had time to look at me before crying out in pure, unexpected pleasure. He did so because as soon as my other hand came back I moved both of them really fast up and down his cock and all over and around his glans. Electric shocks sparked through his entire body and he jerked around for the few seconds it took me to coat him fully. 

Moaning now with his mouth open, he was trying to fuck my hands. Alas, I had let go of his cock completely. When I saw him smiling with his eyes still closed, I knew that he was getting into the game. (What? I had warned him about teasing! And I even told him to watch out...) Grabbing the oil bottle once again, I told him to look up: "While I let your wild cock calm down, I'm going to take care of me..." With both hands filled with oil, I placed them on my breasts and proceeded to cover them completely. Massaging and caressing, both the breasts themselves and their nipples, I enjoyed my own hands for a minute or two. During this time, his eyes bulged out and nearly grew as big as my breasts! Whipping my hair back from my shoulders a few times also helped... 

Kneeling a bit lower, I pulled his cock upwards. At the same time I pushed my right breasts toward it and pushed it out with my hand. The oil on his cock and on my breast turned this simple caress into a fetishist's dream: he loved my breasts nearly as much as I loved his cock. So both our fetishes were making love to each other! When I made my nipple circle around the head of his cock he began moaning again. A few happy slaps of his meat later and he was laughing through his moans. I don't know how many times I've done this to my various boyfriends in the past, but it always gives me powerful thrills... Always. 

Then, alternating between caresses, slaps and a good old squashing of my breasts on his cock, I quickly brought him back to another peak. His moans were getting more frantic and I really didn't want to make him cum so fast. I hadn't even tasted him yet! So before things got out of control I slowly stopped and let his cock fall back on his belly. Leaning down I began to lick and kiss his balls. Fun for both of us but as yet no threat to a climax. With my tongue I moved up his shaft a few times, but I kept my tongue sharp, careful not to over -stimulate him. Kissing the glans a few times I moved back down to his balls once more. 

After a few more minutes like this, my hands having joined in, I sucked one of his balls in my mouth. As delicately as I could I swirled my tongue all over it and pulled it away from his body until I felt resistance. I knew he was loving every second of if, but this was only supposed to be a pause... So I released his ball and slipped back up, careful to let my breasts slide over his balls as I did. Resting my breasts on the place where his legs meet, I pulled his cock upwards until it's nestled against my sternum. Leaning forward, I grabbed both my breasts and wrapped them around him and held them firmly there. 

Looking up to meet his kid-at-Christmas expression, I asked him if he was ready. He nodded expectantly, as you may have guessed. This time I didn't start up slow to let things build up and on... If I did that, he would cum too soon. I simply began to fuck his cock with my breasts as if this was the only thing that would save his life. He shouted out loud when I began and cried out to his gratitude to his merciful Gods. 

He was not alone in these devilishly naughty prayers of thanks: the feeling of his shaft in the cleft of my breasts was wonderful... I could distinctly feel his glans plowing my flesh apart in a perfect combination of lubrication and friction. My breasts were pulled upwards between my hands with each of my downward movements, the soft skin of his head caressing my own skin wonderfully. Then as the oil allowed my breasts to slide down, hugging his shaft, I could feel his hardness against me. The feelings were glorious and I was having the time of my life trying to find new ways to use pressure: pressing when I began moving up gave off a completely different effect than the opposite. Holding him firmly, I was even able to twist my body slightly to the left and right, adding some small twisting motions to it all... 

It was marvelous. Completely marvelous...I knew there was about a hundred other things I could have done with my mouth but by now we were both completely sexed-up and about to go crazy... Leaning down I took him in my mouth and gradually released my breasts to suck him deeper. He tasted great, a delicious mix of his own taste and that of sweet almond oil... But right now I only wanted to suck him off, make him cum in my mouth. 

At this point he sat up and allowed me to pull his cock lower towards me: I nearly deep-throated him... I was maybe two inches away from sinking his entire shaft in my mouth. This would have to wait for another time and another, more comfortable position. Pulling out for a brief second I told him to fuck my mouth. Which he did. Grabbing my head and twinning his fingers in my hair he began to guide my head as well as to thrust upwards. I now had both my hands on his hips but I pulled one down to my pussy: I must have dripped a huge spot on the floor because I was seconds away from a climax. This always happens: I just love cock too much!

After a few clit-mashing circles, I was surprised when one of his hands left my head. I understood why a second later: using it for balance, he began to thrust harder against my mouth. (Let me get this straight: he was not mauling me... Nor hurting me: Loa's not a brute. But we were exploring the limits of our passion right now and it was fantastic!) And then I felt it: the tightening of his balls and the imminent blast of cum. 

Something inexplicable happened then and we both surprised each other at the same time. He was, of course, pulling me against his cock quite strongly, but while letting me enjoy an easy breathing. But when I felt him hitting my throat I took a deep breath and raised myself a bit high on my knees. The two remaining inches disappeared with the help of his hand on my head. 

He spurted deep inside me and I was going into a frenzy. I climaxed as if in a trance, with his cock lodge as deep in my throat as it would ever go. I was climaxing and leaving him in perfect control of my breathing. It was long, he filled me with everything he had before releasing me. After I took two deep breaths and noticed that my entire body was aflame with pleasure, he pushed me against him once more, opening my throat and reaching its depths once more. My nose was mashed against his pubic hair and I was loving it as much as he was. 

When he released me again I was more in control and deep-throated him myself. This time I fucked him with my throat instead of simply taking him deep. Even though his climax was already spent he kept trashing all around me. My fingers were still dancing a spirited salsa on my clit and with the welcomed presence of his cock in my throat, I was beginning to believe that I would never come down from this climax. 

I don't know how many times I pushed him out to breathe before diving back all the way down. My tongue was having fun with the underside of his cock and even sometimes his balls while I had him in my throat... By the end he was leaning forward to grab and caress my breasts. Each time he pinched or pulled at my nipples I felt another spark of that climax spreading all the way through my body. Never in my life had I felt such an orgasm: not the strongest perhaps, but the most thrilling and clearly the weirdest... I had never felt comfortable with deep-throating a cock this size but now it seemed as if it gave me more pleasures than my fingers on my clit. 

I had to stop at some point. When I did he pulled me up on the bed and into his arms. Sweaty and oily we wrapped up our arms and legs and tried to come down from our mutual climax-trips. I'm not sure if he had such a powerful and incredible time as I did... But for me it was an eye and mind opener: something was happening when I had Loa's cock in my mouth. And I wanted to know more about it, wanted to have his cock in my throat again. Soon. Very soon in fact. So Loa, when you'll read that story, come and see me and I'll try to see if I can spark some life into that cock of yours once more... Soon!!!