 Chapter 03 -- Trust

When I woke on Tuesday, both women were already gone. The house was quiet, as it had been all last night. I cleaned up and decided to go do some quality thinking. I opened my closet and saw my favorite bat still leaning against the wall. I felt a great bit of warmth towards these women I lived with. They had left everything of mine untouched while I was gone. It was as if they expected me to return as I had and resume things exactly as they had been. That was exactly what I had hoped for, though I sensed trouble developing around me.

I grabbed the bat and made my way to the door. I jumped in my car and headed for the nearest batting cage, which was only about a mile away. It was a run down little mini-golf and batting cage place, which never had many customers. I bought a handful of tokens from the young kid behind the counter and strapped on my batting gloves. With swing after swing the tension left my body. My mind slowed to a peaceful pace as I made contact with ball after ball. Short strides, quick hands, solid contact. Every swing I took made me feel better. Even after the worst day several good swings could always bring me back to center, it was nice to have the time today to get here and enjoy these moments to myself.

I finished up after a while and went back to the house. I cleaned up as much as I could and tried to get things in order, hoping that tonight would be a better night than last night. I waited patiently for both Vivian and Penny to get home. I even went as far as having dinner ready for when I expected them to arrive. Of course, I didn't cook but they liked take-out food as much as I did. I tried to make it look like I did cook by getting out nice plates and real silverware, not the paper dishes and plastic forks that we often used. Still, I knew they would know the truth about the meal and I was alright with that.

Vivian arrived home first. She was pretty timely, especially since she was a full-time nanny for Emma's kids. Jack got home on time most days and Vivian could leave at her discretion after that. She loved those kids more than anything and spending time with them was heaven for her. She usually didn't even get upset with them when they misbehaved. Her job was fairly easy when they were in school and she wasn't chauffeuring them from parties to the mall to practices. Her patience was endless.

I pulled out a chair for her as she made her way up the stairs. When she was seated at the dining room table, I smiled at her widely and kissed her on the cheek. She couldn't help but smile back at me, which was very enjoyable from my perspective since she was such a beautiful woman. I filled her plate with food and set it down softly in front of her. I filled a plate for Penny and placed it on the setting across from Vivian. I made myself a plate and put it at the head of the table. I put a bottle of wine on the table for the two of them, expecting that they would need it, and I grabbed a bottle of water for myself.

As I headed back to the table, I heard Penny's key in the door. As she made her way up the stairs I pulled her chair out for her and offered her a seat with a small gesture of my hand. No one had said a word yet. The situation felt tense and awkward. Penny stared at the chair for a long moment before sitting down. I pushed her in close to the table and took my seat.

We ate in silence, with the two of them hardly looking at each other. I was torn as to what to do about this. It was quite uncomfortable. When we were done eating, I cleared the dishes and placed them in the sink without a word. I returned to the table and watched as both women stared in opposite directions, almost refusing to look at each other.

"Anyone for dessert," I asked, breaking the code of silence.

Neither of them said anything. I sat there, waiting. I shook my head at the mess this had become. Vivian rose from her chair and looked down at me. She leaned down and kissed me on the cheek. She then turned her attention to Penny, staring her dead in the eye.

"Thanks, but I think I've lost my appetite," Vivian stated crisply.

She turned and walked across the living room. I listened as her footsteps made their way up the stairs. I heard the door to her room close softly, no slam, no fireworks. I looked at Penny, hoping to get some sort of answer but she looked away from me quickly. I continued to look at her until she rose from the table.

I expected her to head to her room as well, but she threw me a curve when she sat back down and pulled her chair closer to the table. I looked her in the eyes and she returned my gaze. I smiled lightly and brushed her hair behind her ear. I ran my fingers across her soft cheek and retracted my hand.

"Are you going to tell me what the hell is going on with you two," I asked simply.

"I promise to tell you everything tomorrow night," she offered.

"Is there anything you can tell me now," I pursued.

"Sure, Jack threw you under the bus while you were gone," she laughed.

I sat back in my chair and smirked at her. This was an interesting, but unexpected statement. She had changed the topic and I wanted to go back to the situation here at home, but I could not let this one go, it was too good.

"Really," I remarked. "Do tell."

"We were at the hospital when Monica gave birth to Brian," she informed me. "He noticed that I was sad and he asked me what was wrong. I told him that I missed you. I thought we were having a real, person-to-person moment."

"I see," I commented. "They named the baby Brian. That's a very sturdy name for a boy. I can't wait to meet him. So, you opened yourself up and then he trashed me?"

"Actually, not exactly," she corrected me. "He told me that I was smart and beautiful. He said any man would be lucky to have me. Then he asked me why I was so hung up on a guy who was banging one of my best friend's behind my back and then just took off on me."

"Ah, the night he found me with Brooke," I remembered vividly. "Well, he is nothing if not predictable."

"Right," she confirmed. "And then he trashed you. He was brutal. If it didn't hurt so much it would have actually been really funny. He went on a tirade about you being a real dick and toying with all of our emotions with your 'so-called' charm. He was in rare form even for him."

"Some things never change," I laughed, intentionally quoting my Uncle Phil. "So, are you sure you don't want to talk about your issues with Vivian?"

"I'm sure," she responded as she rose from her chair again. "Thank you, though."

Penny stepped towards me and pushed my chair away from the table. She casually sat sidesaddle on my leg and placed her arms around my neck. She kissed me lightly on the lips. She kissed my cheek and nibbled lightly on my earlobe.

"You have to trust me on this one," she whispered. "Do you trust me?"

"Of course I trust you," I confirmed delicately.

"Good," she stated. "Tomorrow is going to be a long day for me, but when I get home I will explain everything to you. That's only if you don't ask me about again tonight. Deal?"

"Deal," I agreed.

Penny stood up and reached into my lap. She unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down roughly. She smiled at me very mischievously as she hiked up her skirt. She placed both of her index fingers in the waistband of her black satin thong. My cock responded immediately as Penny bent over and slid her panties down her sexy legs and over her high heel pumps. She returned her attention to me as she reached back into my lap and pulled down my boxers. My swollen cock sprung free as I sat there. Penny glared at it hungrily.

"Time for desert," she announced.

She threw her leg over my lap and straddled me with her hands on my shoulders. She looked me deep in the eyes and grinned.

"I love you," she said as she lowered herself onto my lap.

Her arms moved around my neck. She kissed me lightly on the lips.

"Do you love me," she asked softly, batting her eyes at me in a shy manner for such a sexy woman.

"In a way that I never have loved anyone else in my life," I confirmed.

She left one hand on the back of my neck and reached behind her back and into my lap with her other arm. She grabbed my firm shaft and tugged it playfully.

"Do you trust me," she questioned me curiously.

I looked at her for a long moment before answering. I studied her expression and tried to decipher the intent behind her eyes. She was my sunshine; I would follow her to hell and back. I wasn't about to play games with that at this moment.

"Implicitly," I stated crisply.

She placed the head of my dick at the base of her opening. I could feel the heat and moisture from her pussy on the tip of my dick.

"Then all you have to do is let go," she urged me. "Let go and everything will take care of itself."

She thrust her pelvis downward onto my cement stick. I groaned loudly as I entered her sticky hole. It was like heaven every time we connected. Penny raised herself up using her gorgeous legs and then slid back down my pole. I growled as I began to massage her thighs with my hands.

"Just let go," she repeated as she bounced up and down on my tool again.

As I entered her time after time, the feeling was amazing. My shaft throbbed inside of her as she impaled herself on it again and again, never taking her eyes off of mine. There seemed to be something that she wanted to say but she never did. She continued to slam her body down onto mine until pleasure swept over her.

Penny ran her hands through her hair as waves of rapture consumed her. She increased the speed of her body gliding north and south on my penis. I swelled inside her as my orgasm built.

"HOLY FUCK," Penny screamed as she reached the pinnacle of her climax.

She crashed onto me and shuttered. She forced my cock as far inside of her as it would and tried not to move. She spasmed and worked her hips in a circular direction on my tool. I popped very quickly, spewing milky batter into her pussy. I filled her with everything I had as she remained motionless on top of me. I held her there for a long while. My juice and hers began to run out of her box, down my shaft and onto my scrotum.

Finally, after 20 minutes or so, Penny stood up and stepped away from me, causing my half-limp dick to fall out of her. She made her way into the kitchen for a moment before returning to where I sat. She kissed me lightly on the cheek.

"Trust me," she whispered. "I'm off to bed. I will see you tomorrow."

She picked her panties up off the floor and headed for the stairs. I heard her step by step ascension to her room. The door closed lightly and I knew I would not see her again tonight.

I rose from my chair and collected my pants. I began to cleanup from dinner by putting the extra food away, doing the dishes and wiping down the table. I got myself a drink and headed for the couch. I sat down and flipped the television on.

The next thing I remember, I was being shaken. I looked up to see Penny standing over me in a t-shirt and shorts. It took a moment for my eyes to clear and for her to come into focus.

"Why don't you go to bed, silly," she asked me rhetorically.

I sat up and nodded. I rose from the couch without a word and climbed the stairs to my room. I was unsure of what time it was, nor did I care. I climbed into bed and was asleep again before my head hit the pillow.