 Wiling partners

David had really enjoyed the interview process.

To be honest there had been many better-qualified applicants and in a couple of cases better qualified and better looking, but there had been something about Rachel. He wanted to spend time with her and as he debated whom to pick he found himself daring himself to pick her.

In the end pick Rachel he did, after all he told himself he could afford to take a risk. No one had expected his project management company to work, but it had almost immediately and after three years of very hard work he was employing his first member of staff, and he wanted someone he would eagerly await seeing each day. It had been a lonely experience building the company.

Rachel had sounded thrilled on the phone when David offered her the job, she had accepted immediately and they chatted easily on the phone. He had butterflies in his stomach at the thought of her starting on Monday. He told himself to grow up. He had employed some eye candy that was all. She was a lot younger, living with someone and frankly out of his league. However, the butterfly's remained. 

He knew in his heart it wasn't how Rachel looked, but how he felt when he was with her or spoke with her. He knew it was a dangerous game, but the excitement was intoxicating.

On the phone, David had explained they would be flying immediately to Seville to finish off a very lucrative job he had been working on for 6 months. So you will need your passport, and clothes for Monday to Friday he had told her. Clothes? What should I bring she asked, smart casual he had said. Some more casual stuff for the evenings and a couple of formal outfits if we have dinner with the client. She giggled delightfully at that and said in mock horror; I will just have to go shopping then. 

They were two very excited people when they met at the airport, Rachel because this was all new and David because Rachel was there. He checked them in and led her to the business lounge. She was wonderfully naïve, exploring the lounge and commenting on the small glasses, the rows of pastries, and the views of aeroplanes. 

The trip passed swiftly. Rachel seemed to charm immediately the male steward who served them, and for the first time in years David enjoyed a flight. She had played endlessly with the seat and the television system, watching a bit of a movie, playing a game, and then switching to the journey map.

Eventually the plane landed, Rachel and David collected their luggage and they checked into their hotel. Their large penthouse rooms were on the top floor, and Rachel worked hard and diligently with him that evening as David briefed her on the project.

The days passed in a blur of long hours, quick briefings, and for Rachel long sessions at the computer creating documentation for project hand-over at the end of the trip. The climax of the week was a meeting on the Thursday afternoon when they reviewed the whole thing with the CEO.

Rachel was a little late for that meeting, arriving a bit flustered. The CEO appeared to forgive her immediately as both the CEO and David were distracted by the vision that arrived in a plain short black dress.

As she calmly and confidently briefed the CEO on the hand over documentation, she had prepared; David sat back admiring her wonderful legs. Rachel legs were displayed beautifully by her short dress and high heeled shoes. He loved the fact that her legs were bare. After the briefing was complete, the CEO excused himself and left them alone. Rachel looked at him smiled warmly, and David felt himself blush as she pulled her dress down slightly.

"I am so sorry I was late," she said breathlessly, "am I doing OK?" He smiled and assured her it was going great. 

"Relax," he said, "it all's good." She smiled happily, and he found himself staring deep into those wonderful blue eyes.

The meetings concluded with the CEO and a couple of his colleagues having a final debate with them over a few issues. At one point Rachel had to come round to David's side of the desk and show him a phrase in the documents that he was struggling to find. He caught the scent of her perfume and got a brief glimpse of cleavage beneath her dress and a faint glimpse of a black bra. She again flashed him that smile as she straightened up, and again he felt himself going red as he feared she was reading the impure thoughts in his mind.

Finally, the CEO announced they were satisfied and he would happily pay the fee plus the bonuses for on-time and on-budget completion.

In the taxi, back to the hotel Rachel excitedly talked to him trying to gauge if he were satisfied and if was pleased with her. David smiled and laughed at her, telling her to go get ready so we can "blow the bonus on dinner."

The meal was just great, this time she wore a red dress, but again very simple and plain just the way he liked. Her bare legs and hint of cleavage were distracting, and he wondered if she knew just how much. The wine she drank made her more chatty, more giggly and a couple of times he found her touching his arm. They chatted easily talking about their lives, how he had set the business up and her life with her boyfriend.

They left the restaurant with her thanking him warmly, saying she loved working for him. 

"Is there anything you would like to do now?" he asked, not wanting the evening to end, but having no clue how to prolong it. 

"How about, no that's silly," she tailed off. He shrugged, and she finished, "I have always wanted to go in one of those."

He realised she was pointing to one of the horse-led carriages he had often seen around the town. The driver had seen her point so had quickly come over in the hope of picking up a fare. 

"Are you sure?" he said nervously feeling like he both did and didn't want to go. "Don't worry I promise to behave. Come on it will be fun," she said happily and grabbed his arm as they walked over to the carriage.

So it was that he found himself being walked to the driver's carriage, the driver hustled them into place and gave them a blanket to cover their legs. Unsure at first; eventually, he sat back captivated by her love of life and her enthusiasm for new experiences. 

It was a bit of a shock for both of them when the carriage was parked in a quiet corner of the park, and the driver walked away clearly going for a smoke. David and Rachel looked at each other. 

"I think he thinks we are lovers," he commented, realizing the use of the word lovers sent a pleasant thrill through him.

"Well I guess this is the lovers way round town," Rachel giggled grabbing his arm and continued smiling with that wonderful smile, "and this is so they get some time to kiss and cuddle then?" 

"I think that's the idea," he replied hoping she couldn't hear his heart beating. 

"Can I?" She said.

"Can you what?" he replied. 

"Kiss you," she said. 

He smiled and kissed her gently on the cheek, thinking that was what she meant, but as he pulled away she gently turned his head and kissed him on the lips. The kiss was amazing, and he eagerly found himself kissing her repeatedly. 

Even when he went to stop, she looked him deeply in the eyes and said breathlessly "don't stop." So they continued to kiss. He felt her hand slide under their blanket and gently stroke his cock through the material of his trousers. He let out an involuntary groan, and she ceased the kissing to say, "Is that nice?" 

They heard a whistling and realised that the driver was returning. They sat bolt upright, the spell broken, they jumped apart so sharply that the suspension of the carriage rocked. The driver silently jumped back in, and Rachel and David were off again. The driver turned, and David asked for the driver to drop them off at their hotel.

Together they walked back to their rooms and again with a wish not to let the evening end David asked Rachel if she would like a coffee. She nodded, and Rachel headed into David's room.

Once inside his room Rachel stood by the percolator and smiled at him. 

"A coffee? Do you really want to give me coffee breath then?" At this they both smiled nervously at each other and fell into each other's arms, kissing enthusiastically.

He pushed her against the wall kissing across her cheek and down into the nape of her neck. She pulled his shirt out from the belt of his trousers and ran her hands up inside his shirt. Her hands then began to undo his belt.

He stopped the kissing and held both her hands. 

"Are you sure you want to do this?" He queried. "Will you not feel guilty tomorrow? Will you not just hate me tomorrow?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. If we make love," she said, "I will feel guilty, but I can't help myself, I want you so much. I have thought about this all week, and I must have you. I think you are amazing."

"I don't have any precautions," he said. 

"Don't worry," she said chewing his ear, "I have thought of that, they are in my bag. Now, darling stop talking and make love to me before I burst."

Their first lovemaking was frantic; he undressed her and gently lowered her onto the bed, stripping off his remaining clothes and exploring her breasts, neck and mouth with his kisses. She seemed to love stroking his cock with her hand and a couple of times he had to move away fearful that he would come too soon.

Fearful of this he ripped open one of the condoms she had handed him, put it on and steered his throbbing cock into her. He began to move back and forth, thrusting into her, making her gasp. All too quickly David found himself trying to pause as he felt himself close to coming, but beneath him she continued to wriggle loving the feeling of him inside her. Her movement was his undoing, and he could resist no more and he began to thrust again, his breath quickening as he exploded inside her.

"Yes. darling." She said. He flopped on top of her embarrassed that he had not lasted longer. He found himself apologizing to her and she lifted his head off her chest. 

"Did you enjoy it?" She said. 

"Oh yes!" He replied. 

"Well I loved it, so really that's all that matters right?" She said smiling.

She nudged him over so she could lie on his chest. Her fingers intertwining with his and she gently kissed his chest a couple of times. They chatted. The subject of their first meeting and the interview came up, and they found they had both fantasised about each other. She mocked him for staring at her so much at the meetings and he mocked her for planning so skilfully her seduction of him. Going to mock fight him for that she found herself rolled over, and he began to kiss her again.

She could feel him getting hard again, and she pushed him back over so she was now on top again. She looked at him, putting a finger to his lips which he kissed.

"Time for you to have a special kiss," she said, seeing him about to say something she pushed her finger onto his lips harder and then seeing him relax said laughingly, "good boy."

She slowly moved down his body letting her hair and nipples caress his chest and groin area. Her tongue oh so gently touched the tip of his hardening cock. She slowly and gently kissed it, placing her hand on one side of it whilst kissing the other. He was now very erect so with her tongue she licked up and down his whole shaft, before sitting up and stroking him with her hand.

She smiled at the dreamy look on her face, and reaching for a condom skilfully unwrapped it and popped it on his erect member. He went to move, but she told him to keep still. She gently lowered herself onto him so he was inside her.

The second fuck was amazing, the frantic lust was replaced by two people sharing a deep connection, searching for ways to pleasure each other, enjoying the moments when the other gasped or moaned. Rachel clearly loved riding him with her weight forward so he could lift his legs and really thrust into her that made her cry out at each thrust. David clearly loved having her beneath him on the bed so he could raise himself up, moving his cock in long slow strokes that eventually made him close his eyes, breath heavily and fight the desire to just explode inside her. She loved the way he lowered himself from time to time to take her breasts deep into his mouth, and the dreamy look that wandered across his face when she did something he really liked. She chanted at him to come on darling as he reached the most amazing orgasm of his life.

They now lay side by side on the bed, holding hands. Slowly they turned to face each other, and she said smiling, "Wow now I know what all the fuss is about."

"Me to." He said.

A new plan

It was just before nine when he snuck back into the room and found her still asleep, the note he had left unread on the pillow beside her. He sat quietly beside her, smiling as he stroked her hair and kissed her gently on the forehead. She slowly came to consciousness and then was awake sitting quickly upright. He was amused that despite a night in which he had explored every pore of her body she still thought to hug the sheet around her.

"Hey sleepy head," he said.

"Oh my God you are dressed," she said, "is everything all right. We are supposed to pick up the documents; I can get ready quickly."

He pushed her back onto the pillow and kissed her.

She pushed him away saying, "we have to go, let me go, we are late."

"Relax," he said I have picked everything up. He waved the note that was on the pillow. "Your job," he said, "was to arrange breakfast for ten. Well?"

"Oh," she said slowly, "I slept right through."

"That's what I thought," he said, "you deny me almost any sleep and then you leave me to do all the work, good job I booked breakfast for ten myself isn't it."

"I am sorry," she intoned in a childlike voice.

"Maybe you might want to make it up to me for the next hour," he smiled, taking her hand gently and letting her caress the growing bulge in his trousers.

She continued in the same childlike voice, "oh no more, surely you had enough of me last night." He cradled her in his arms lifting her off the pillow and kissed her long and passionately moving his lips down to the nape of her neck. 

" I could never have enough of you," he said, but then he stopped.

"Don't stop," she cried, "I thought you were going to let me say sorry properly."

"First we must talk," he said.

"Oh dear is this where I get the lecture about banging the boss and keeping quiet about it," she said, "are you planning on talking about the real world? I know this wonderful bubble has to burst soon, but not yet please."

"No," he said, "not that, think of it more as if I want to bubble to go on longer. I have been thinking the work is done, and I have a villa about an hour's flight away so.............. will you consider phoning home and pretending the work has hit a snag and that we won't be back till late Monday afternoon." There is a plane I have hired for a 2pm departure so we would be at the villa by four. What do you think?" His obvious excitement and attempt to be with her sent a thrill through her whole body.

"I think it's a wonderful idea," she said her eyes shining except I am all out of clothes and certainly have brought nothing to wear at a villa anyway.

"That's what I thought you would say," he laughed, "so my full plan is breakfast at 10, you leave at 11 with a car and a personal shopper I have booked. We meet at the airport at 1:45 and off we go. Fly home at 6pm Monday night. However, you must say whether you are unhappy with the deceit or just want to go home."

There was a pause and then she yelled, "Holy cow, pass me the phone!"

He disappeared into the bathroom, not because he needed to, but because he felt awkward listening into her call. He came out again when the talking has ceased, and she looked at him with a weak smile. 

"That was tough," she said, "but it's done. Now lets think you have told me the plan for the day, but not what we do till the food arrives at 10." She got out of the bed and walked across the room to him. " I wonder what we could do till then?" She mused. 

Her kiss was as full, and as enthusiastic as last night so he soon forgot her moment of reluctance when he first came back into the room. He extracted his mouth from her kiss, and she squealed as he spun her round. Taking both breasts in his hands he fondled them as she lifted her hands behind his head. As he kissed her neck she skilfully reached down and unzipped his fly, her hand quickly finding and stroking his rapidly hardening cock through the material of his boxer shorts.

"I need the bathroom," she said, "you strip and get on the bed." He did as he was told, and he lay listening to her in the bathroom, she turned the shower on for a while and emerged wet and wrapped in a towel. "Thought I should be a clean girl for the boss," she said.

She kept hold of the towel around her body as she moved to the bed. She kneeled beside him on the bed and took his cock in her hand, stroking and caressing it till again it was standing to attention.

She leant down gently kissing it and then began to give him the kind of blow job all men dream about. He lay still enjoying the sensation, she occasionally paused but continued to caress him with her hand before again resuming with her mouth.

He managed to get the towel off her and with some pulling managed to get her sitting over the top of his face so he could return the favour. Soon, they were both lost in ecstasy until she pulled herself away.

"Sit up for me darling," she said and as he did she passed over yet another condom for him to unwrap and put on. She then manoeuvred herself so she was also sitting opposite him her legs either side of his body. She raised herself up and slowly slid him inside her.

They sat opposite each other slowly making love and using the position to enjoy long kisses which heightened their pleasure and they both loved the way this position gave him full access to her breasts with both hands and mouth.

For the first time they climaxed together and then they just lay together in silence until the knock on the door shattered their peace and quiet.

"Oh my God the breakfast," he gasped.

She scuttled off to the bathroom leaving him to find some clothes and let the smiling waiter in. When she braved coming out the bathroom, the waiter was gone, and the breakfast was laid. They looked at each other and then collapsed into giggles like two naughty school kids.

"You really are bad news," she said I used to be such a good girl. He smiled and tucked ravenously into his bacon and eggs.

A new journey

It was much later when he stood smiling at the bags being loaded into her suitcase and then loaded into the plane. She had arrived with seconds to spare after what looked like a mammoth shopping spree. She kissed and hugged the personal shopper the agency had sent and had warmly thanked her saying she could not have done it without her.

They finally were alone again when the plane was up in the air, and the seat belt light was off. I am afraid your credit card took quite a battering she said also much of what I have bought I will not be able to wear again or, here she stumbled, at least not wear for anyone else other than you.

He smiled and reassured her saying there would be other trips and more opportunity to be together. She just smiled and looked out the window feeling she was in the most amazing dream, but having no idea how she would face waking up again in the real world. She told herself for the umpteenth time since kissing him that first time that she was young, it felt amazing and she should deal with the here and now, not worry about tomorrow.

They both had a refresher course for the rest of the journey to the villa of how much they enjoyed each other's company and how easy they found it to talk to each other. The last 18 hours had been dominated by love making and the rush to get ready for this journey. He had been tired when he got on the plane yet when it touched down he felt talking to her had recharged his batteries.
