 Chapter 13 -- Intervention

I arrived at the office Monday very early, trying to be the first one there. I was prepared to be everything that each of these ladies needed me to be and I wanted to show them all through my efforts. Unfortunately, Emma was already at work when I arrived. As I started my day, I was unsure of what to say to her.

It was just after 10am when Leslie tapped on my door. I looked up and smiled at her, though she had a less than cheerful look on her face. She shut the door to my office and sat down in one of the chairs in front of my desk. She was having a hard time keeping her eyes on me, which usually wasn't the case.

"What's up," I asked her casually.

"Um, I want to, uh, talk to you," she stammered.

I could see that she was clearly uncomfortable and she was having trouble getting to whatever it was that she wanted to say.

"Leslie, just say whatever it is that is on your mind," I encouraged her.

"We have a plan to try to help Vivian," she announced.

"Oh," I said, quite surprised. "I thought we would be discussing that this morning."

"No, we came up with it over the weekend," she explained.

"Ok," I accepted. "I guess it's a good thing. Now we have a course of action. What's the plan?"

"Um, well, since it's Vivian, Emma does not want you involved," Leslie informed me.

"Oh, I see," I responded.

I was upset. I wanted to help. I somewhat felt that I owed it to Vivian to help. This was not anyone's decision but Emma's, that I was sure of. I did not want to show my displeasure to Leslie, as she was having a hard enough time delivering this news. I looked at her as gently as I could muster.

"I'm sorry," she exhaled.

"Don't be," I told her. "It's probably a very smart decision. Vivian's judgment is always clouded when it comes to me. If there is anything I can do to help, don't hesitate to tell me."

Leslie smiled a short, quick smile. She knew that had gone easy on her. She left my office and my blood started to boil. I deserved to be a part of this. Even more, Emma should have told me herself. I got up from my desk several times, headed for Emma's office, but each time I thought better of it. I was going crazy inside my head, and when all of the women gathered in the conference room just after 1pm, I thought I would explode.

Not knowing what to do, I did the only thing I could think of, I picked up the phone. As the phone rang on the speaker box in my office, I shut my office door. When the gruff yet professional voice on the other end answered, I picked up the receiver and greeted him.

"Hello Bill, how are you," I asked politely.

"I am great kid," he replied with a hearty chuckle. "How the hell are you? How are things in southern California?"

"I am not so good, Bill, I have to be honest with you," I admitted.

"What's going on," he asked plainly, seeming concerned.

"I'm sure that Emma told you about our current predicament," I said.

"Actually, I haven't spoken to Em in a little while," he informed me. "What's going on?"

"You really don't know," I postured, never considering that he didn't know.

"I am very much in the dark on whatever it is that you are talking about, kid," he reiterated.

"Well, I have to say that I am shocked," I confessed. "We have a real dilemma on our hands."

"I am guessing that the Deville sisters are somehow involved," Bill surmised.

"Always a safe bet," I agreed. "They turned up the heat on us recently."

"How so," he asked.

"To be honest, the made some major talent acquisitions to their game," I explained.

"Really, who could they have gotten that would impact you all that much," he questioned. "You have Mindy locked up and it seemed like you were all doing very well the last time I checked in. Who did they acquire?"

"Well, after we had Brad removed, they added two guys," I clarified. "Derek Johnson, my old college roommate and Bob Ruffe."

"Bob Ruffe," Bill repeated. "The lawyer that was engaged to your ex-wife? That Bob Ruffe?"

"Yes sir, one in the same," I acknowledged.

"Ok, those are quirky additions but nothing earth shattering," Bill recapped. "So what is the problem?"

"Bill, you will have to forgive me," I requested. "I am in genuine shock that you don't know. They got Vivian."

There was a long silence as my words sank in for him.

"What do you mean 'they got Vivian,'" Bill asked.

"She is a part of their game," I confirmed. "According to the video we received a very active and willing part."

Again there was silence, to the point of awkwardness.

"When did you find out," he asked meekly.

"Saturday," I responded.

"What is the plan," he pushed.

"Well, that is part two of the problem," I stated.

"Emma doesn't want you involved with this operation," he deduced.

"Exactly," I validated.

"Where is Emma now," Bill continued.

"They are all in the conference room together," I disclosed.

"Transfer me in there," he instructed me.

I reached up and hit the transfer button on the phone and sent the call into the conference room. I hung up the receiver and waited.

It was only a few moments later when my office door was flung open and Emma was staring at me.

"I don't need your help on this one," she growled. "Wasn't that made clear to you?"

"Clear, yes," I answered. "Acceptable, no."

"Well you damn well better accept it," she snapped. "I don't need your help, or Bill's help. I will get Vivian out of this MYSELF."

"I get that you are angry and upset," I said softly. "But if you keep acting like this, you are gonna have a lot of repairs to do when this is all over. So calm down and go back to your meeting."

She turned and went directly back into the conference room. I heard the door slam forcefully. Emma was pissed. My phone rang immediately. I checked the caller id and answered quickly.

"Hello again, Bill," I said.

"How bad did Emma tear into you," he asked.

"Not bad," I replied. "I can handle it."

"She gets like this sometimes," he advised me. "My advice is just let her do it her way."

"What is her way going to be," I questioned.

"She wouldn't tell me," he admitted. "So, we just have to trust her."

"There is nothing stopping us from helping her without telling her," I suggested.

"You are right and I was thinking the same thing," he chuckled. "I will put some people here on it and if you come across any info, call me."

"You got it, Bill," I agreed. "Thanks."

"No sweat, kid," he said. "I will call you as soon as I have something."

As we concluded our call I looked up at my doorway to see Leslie standing there. She half-smiled at me then looked at the floor.

"I know this is tough for you," she acknowledged.

"I'll be ok," I assured her.

"Even so, I think you should go home," she recommended. "Now."

I studied her face and there was worry in her eyes. I nodded and began shutting down my computer. As I left the office the door to the conference room was still closed. This was getting very, very messy.

The rest of the week was interesting. I kept my head down and got out of the office as early as possible each day. I didn't say much to any of the ladies and under no circumstances did I go anywhere near Emma's office. Brooke was getting home late each night and I refused to ask her about what was going on with the ladies. It was not fair to put her in the middle. The week finally came to an end and I hoped that a weekend away would help get things back to normal.

On Saturday morning, I got up early and went for a run. The fresh spring air filled me with energy and renewed focus. After several miles of dashing along, I found myself back at home. Brooke's car was gone and the house was empty. I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and turned to go take a shower when I heard the front door open.

Brooke dashed up the stairs and passed me in a blur. She headed up the second flight of stairs quickly, her feet tapping the floor lightly as she moved. As she ran back down the stairs, seeing me startled her greatly. She gasped and stopped in her tracks. It never occurred to me that she thought I wasn't there. I notice that she was holding a digital recorder.

"I thought you were out running," she said to me.

"I was," I confirmed. "I just got back."

"Oh, alright," she accepted. "I have to go."

"Where to," I asked gingerly, not sure if she would or could answer.

"Um, well, I..." she stammered.

"It's something to do with Vivian," I surmised.

Brooke nodded.

"Well, don't let me keep you," I told her calmly.

She turned and started down the second flight of stairs before turning around. She looked at me and a single tear poured down her cheek in a flawless stream.

"You have been great about this and I know it's killing you," she said as her voice cracked. "I feel like I owe it to you to tell you."

"You don't owe me anything," I assured her. "There are rules we all have to play by, whether we like them or not. Don't worry about me."

"That's just it," she replied. "I am supposed to worry about you. If Penny were home would she tell you what's going on?"

I thought about her question. I was not sure of the answer. I believed that if I asked her, Penny would tell, but I would not ask, so would she volunteer the information? I don't know but I wasn't convinced that it mattered.

"I don't know," I responded softly.

"I do," Brooke countered. "She would tell you in one second flat. You would never ask her but she wouldn't let you stay in the dark even if you couldn't participate. I don't want Penny to think that I did a bad job taking care of you while she was gone."

"You have done a wonderful job taking care of me," I declared. "I could not have asked for more."

"You see, that's the thing," she objected. "With Penny, you never have to ask, she just always wants to give you more. She loves you the right way."

More tears now began to fall from her pretty eyes.

"Brooke, what's going on," I asked her.

She looked at me as if she was begging me to save her, but I didn't think she was in any danger. I waited, worried.

"I'm scared," she cried. "I don't want you to stop loving me because I am not taking care of you the right way. I don't want to end up like Vivian. I'm so scared."

I absorbed her words and I looked at her warmly.

"Where are you going today," I inquired.

"We are all going to sit down with Vivian at Emma's house," she revealed. "It's sort of like an intervention but I am terrified of what I am about to hear from her, or what I might say. You blame yourself, Emma blames herself, Leslie blames herself, Nikki blames herself, Penny isn't here and I will lose it if Vivian blames you. I will just lose it."

"So you are tired, you are scared, you are angry, you are loyal, you are worried and nervous and confused," I summed up. "Is that it?"

She nodded again.

"Ok," I exhaled. "You have to go."

"I know," she said. "I wish you were coming with me."

"I will be here when you get home, angel," I replied. "Tonight. Tomorrow night. The next night and the next night. Now go."

"I love you, stupid boy," she said plainly.

She smiled through her tears and turned to go. I watched her disappear down the steps and heard the front door close behind her. I immediately reached for the phone and dialed Bill's number. He answered quickly.

"What's up, kid," he asked urgently.

"I have an update for you, Bill," I told him.

"Ok, shoot," he encouraged me.

"It's not much but I know what the ladies plan of attack is," I admitted. "They are going to surprise Vivian today with a meeting. I think they are going to try and reason with her or something. Hopefully they can at least get the details of her deal with the Deville's."

"That's fine," Bill commented. "That's actually good for us."

"How do you figure," I asked curiously.

Before Bill could answer, the doorbell rang. I moved down the stairs and opened the door as he responded.

"This meeting will be a huge distraction for all of them," he stated on the other end of the receiver. "It may help them not notice the digging that I have some people doing to find out some information."

I was very distracted as I saw Mindy standing at my door. She was wearing an olive green overcoat and black heels. She stepped through the door and closed it behind herself.

"That's true," I agreed with Bill on the phone as I watched Mindy move past me and up the stairs.

"Actually, even if this doesn't work it still might be a benefit," Bill continued. "If Vivian tells the Deville's about this meeting, they will be distracted with it as well."

"Great point," I added in support, still focusing on the swaying of Mindy's hips as she ascended the stairs.

"I will call you during the week to update you," he advised me.

As I hung the phone with Bill, I darted up the stairs. Mindy was sitting on the couch, staring at me as I came into the living room. I stared back, wondering why she wasn't with the other women.

"I hope you don't mind me dropping by," she said.

"I don't mind at all, but why aren't you at Emma's," I asked.

"How do you know about that," her tone quickly changed.

"That's not really important, is it," I asked.

"No, not really," she concurred. "I didn't want to go. I didn't think I had much to offer by being there. I am a little colder than the other women. I was not very close to Vivian and after her fight with Leslie, I really didn't like her much. I was excused."

"Oh, I see," I said, sensing that this might be a touchy subject for her at the moment. "Well, I need to take a shower, so you can hang out if you like."

"That's fine," she replied.

I made my way up the stairs and into the bathroom. I discarded the sweaty cloths from my run to the floor and started the water. I stepped through the shower doors and adjusted the water temperature. I tired to clear my head but I could not shake the thought of Brooke and her tears. She is my angel and her pain bothered me.

As the water ran over me I wondered how things were going over at Emma's. Did they get any answers out of Vivian? I wondered if she felt ganged up on or ambushed. That might have been the impact they were going for, since we had all felt a big impact watching Vivian on that video. 

I was broken from my trance by the sound of the shower door opening. I looked and saw Mindy climbing into the shower with me. My attention immediately shifted to the gorgeous, naked woman now next to me under the running water. She raised her arms and locked them behind my neck. She kissed me softly and wet on the lips.

"Hi," I said as she pulled away from me.

"I want you," she giggled.

"I kinda figured that when you climbed in here," I replied.

"So what are you waiting for," she asked. "Go ahead and fuck the shit out of me."

She kissed me again and lifted her left leg along my own. I grabbed her thigh and caressed it firmly. I grabbed her ass and pulled her to me as my cock swelled between our bodies. Mindy smiled and then she continued to kiss me. I held her close to me, groping her ass firmly under the running water. As our tongues danced with each other, I spread Mindy's ass cheeks and ran my hand across her tight bung hole. I continued down and teased her very moist snatch with the tips of my fingers. Mindy pushed me back from her playfully.

"Stop toying with me and give me what I want," she whined mischievously.

I moved closer to her again and took her in my arms firmly. She lifted her legs and wrapped them around my waist. I pinned her to the tiled wall of the shower and held her there for leverage. I guided my firm dick to her waiting hole quickly and inserted myself inside of her. Mindy arched her back and accepted my length.

I held her pinned to the wall and began to move in and out of her gash quickly. Our natural lubricants mixed with the running water and made it easy to penetrate her over and over again. I continued pumping my prick into her accepting pink hole very firmly. Mindy bit my lower lip and giggled between gasps as I pounded her repeatedly. I was enjoying her tight, little body pinned to the wall of the shower. I felt strong and dominant.

I growled slightly and really tried to punish her flesh with my intense insertions. She whimpered slightly as I picked up my pace again. I popped without warning inside of her. My liquid spewed from my shaft with vigor as I shot over and over into her pussy. I held her there, pinned to the wall until I was finished. I did not want to move but Mindy had youth on her side.

"I want more," she squealed.

I gently and slowly let her down, the warm water still flowing from the shower head. She smiled at me again and moved around me. She opened the shower door and stepped out onto the small rug that was covering the tile floor. I shut the water off and stepped out behind her.

She toweled herself off lightly and then put her left knee up on the counter. Her ass was towards me and she lightly spread her still moist pussy-lips with her fingers. I grabbed my half-firm cock and guided to her sweet spot. I held her hips as I pushed my meat into her once again. I clutched her hips firmly and began hammering her hole again immediately.

Mindy groaned loudly as I brutally fucked her from behind. She screamed with each sadistic thrust of my dick into her box. I showed no mercy as I abused her cunt with my pulsating member. Mindy bucked and squirmed as she came. I fucked her wildly through her orgasm.

Finally, my second peak arrived as well. I pumped a few short, thick wads into her slot. I held her hips, not allowing her to move until all my jizz was inside of her. She moved slowly when I allowed her to, exiting the bathroom. I climbed back into the shower and finished cleaning myself.

When I dried myself and dressed, I headed back down to the living room. Mindy was gone, which I expected. I again found myself wondering what was going on with the ladies and Vivian. Mindy had only been a temporary distraction.