 I am almost naked, bent over the table.

You're dressed, walking around inspecting me for a minute, before you even touch me, while I'm trembling in anticipation, with my face flat on the cold wood of the table. My hands are tied behind my back. My pussy exposed. I'm wearing a black, lace suspender belt with stockings and simple, nude high heels. No panties.

You come and put your hand on top of my bound wrists and press them down gently. Then lift your hand and put it back down on the small of my back, just beneath. You start tracing your fingers down, and feel me trembling, hear my breath get ragged. 

Slide your hand to my ass cheek, where you gently press, and then lift it before giving me a short, sharp smack. I cry out a little in response, still trembling, and you look appreciatively at the blush of red on my ass cheek, where you'd hit. You come around to the side that my face is, look at me sternly, then bend down and kiss me. I kiss you hungrily back, straining against the ropes around my wrists as I reach my face towards yours. With one hand, you reach up and, again, press my bound wrists down, as you kiss me. 

Then you stand up and walk around to where my ass is. I have no idea what you're going to do to me and the anticipation is making me so hot, you can hear it in my breathing. You know that my nipples are rock-hard against the table. 

You look at my pussy and you can see how wet I already am without touching me, without your having even touched me there. You crouch down so your face is level with my pussy and slowly move towards it, smelling me first, and then pushing your tongue up against my slick, smooth folds, hearing me moan as you push your tongue inside me, and then slide up to find my clit with your mouth and start tonguing it. Grabbing my ass cheeks and using them to steady yourself as you lick my pussy. Using them to hold me down as I start bucking around underneath you, moaning into the table above. You can taste me, I'm so wet and you're making me wetter as you lick and suck my clit. 

I'm shuddering around, and pushing my bound arms down, straining against the ropes. You know you're going to make me come but you want me to wait, so you pull back and stand up, leaving me trembling, a mess beneath you. Once again, you gently rest your hand on my ass, then lift it up, bring it down in a short, sharp slap, then three more times. With each one, I cry out, and you know my cries well enough to know that it's because it's so hot, because it turns me on so much when you do that. 

I'm a wreck, ragged breathing and whimpering into the table. You stroke my ass where the red blush is appearing, you bed down and kiss it tenderly there. Then you come around to the side where my face is. Again, you bend down to kiss me, but this time tenderly, softly. You smile into my eyes and quietly ask, "Are you mine?" 

I nod and whisper, "I'm yours. I'm yours." 

You smile and kiss me softly again, then stand up. 

You take my shoulders and shift me so that my face is at the edge of the table. Then, still facing me, you lean one hand towards my ass, trace a line from my cheeks down, past my asshole, to my pussy. Slide your fingers into my pussy - which is *dripping wet - and then up to my clit where you start rubbing gently, and I immediately start moaning. 

"You like that?" you ask, and, whimpering a little, I nod against the table. "Come for me." you say, and, as you keep fingering me, my moans are getting louder, and I'm writhing against the table and straining against my bound wrists. 

I start crying out, and then I'm saying, "Oh, baby! Oh!" I cry out your name, "I'm going to come! I'm gonna come!" and you feel me start to shudder beneath you, shuddering against the table, crying out and then calling, "Baby! I'm coming! I'm coming!" and I'm shuddering and convulsing against the table and you feel me coming under your fingers, because of your fingers. 

And when I subside, you smile at me, you take your fingers and put one up against my mouth and tell me to lick it, to lick my pussy juices off it, and I hungrily do. And you take your hand up to your mouth and lick the rest off yourself, and tell me how you love the way my pussy tastes. And then you move towards my face, and you undo your fly. 

Your cock is standing to attention, you pull down the front of your underwear and it springs out. As soon as I see it, my breath gets ragged again. You step forward so that your cock is right up against my mouth, by edge of the table. You rub the head of it against my lips. "Suck my cock," you order me. "Lick and suck my dick." 

And you know you didn't even *have to order me to because I take it hungrily into my mouth. I lick my lips and suck and lick your cock as you push it in and out of my mouth. With one hand, you reach down and take my hair, hold it tight at the back of my head as I moan in appreciation. Then, with the other, you slide it down and gently grip my throat. That makes me lose it a little, I'm moaning right around, into your cock, loudly and you can feel the vibrations. "That's right," you say, as you're gently fucking my mouth. "You love sucking my cock like this, don't you?" And I answer with a whimper. And you know my pussy is getting wetter and wetter with every stroke. 

Then suddenly, you pull out, and I look lost, but you're smiling down at me. You kiss your fingers then put them gently on my lips. Then you lean down so your mouth is by my ear. You say, "I'm going to go round behind you. I'm going to push your legs apart. I'm going to push my hard cock up against your pussy. And then I'm going to fuck your, right here while you're bent over this table." And my breathing is so ragged and fucked up so you know the answer, but still you ask, "Is that what you want?" 

And I half-whisper, half-whimper, "Yes." 

"Yes what?" 

"Yes...please. Fuck me. I need you to fuck me."

You smile and kiss me on my earlobe, bend down and kiss my lips, a long kiss that I love. And then you stand up, and move around to my ass. You can see my juices already dripping down my legs, I'm SO fucking wet. Your push my legs open, knocking the inside of my thighs to make them open wider. You push your trousers down just enough that your cock is totally free from them and your underwear, but you keep them on because you know how much it turns me on for you to be dressed and me not. 

You take your cock and guide it into my dripping wet pussy, and push it in as I cry out. Gripping my hips, you start fucking me, my face still pressed into the table. You move your right hand up to my bound wrists, and pull on them as you fuck me. "Your pussy's so wet," you tell me. "It feels so good." And I cry out in response. 

You thrust and thrust and fuck and fuck me, pushing hard into me. My moaning is getting louder and louder, "Baby," I say breathlessly into the table, "Oh baby, I'm gonna come!" 

And, as I start crying out, you feel your orgasm building. Fucking me into the table, fucking my right up and into the table and you feel it building and you say, "I'm going to come, I'm gonna come" and just as you're about to you pull out, and your cum shoots all over my ass, over my exposed, soaking wet pussy, it drips down my legs, your juices mixing with mine. You reach down and rub it in, rub your cum into my pussy and my asshole, as I tremble and shudder underneath you. 

Then, when you're recovered, you pull up your trousers, then reach up and untie my hands, and gently pull me up to standing and take me in your arms, wrap me fully up in your arms. Then lead me over to the couch where you sit down and pull me into you, into your arms, my face on your chest as you reach to grab a blanket that you wrap around me. You wrap me right up and hold me, then lift my chin and kiss me, softly on the lips, and I don't know if I've ever felt this safe in my whole life. I curl up in your arms, with my face in the crook of your neck, and I fall asleep.