 Chapter 04 -- Revelations

My eyes opened slowly to the partially muffled voices outside my bedroom door. The light crept in through the window, informing me that it was morning. The voices got louder and clearer, ensuring that I was fully awake. The content of the conversation caught my attention quickly.

"This is fucking bullshit, Penny," Vivian hollered.

"Mind your fucking business, Viv," Penny yelled back.

"I'm not just gonna sit there and keep my mouth shut while you run wild," Vivian declared.

"Fine with me, don't show up," Penny retorted. "They'll all think you have fallen to pieces again and we will move on without you."

"Fuck you," Vivian shouted.

Then I heard and felt the door to Vivian's room slam shut. The vibration shook the frame of the door to my room and knocked one of my pictures off the wall. That was followed by Penny's footsteps going down the stairs and then there was silence.

I laid there, wondering what in the world had these two women so angry with each other. I sensed it had something to do with the game, something I was not fully aware of yet. I had always been aware of tension between Penny and Vivian, which I assumed stemmed from the dynamics of each of their relationships with Emma. I thought, in this case, that Vivian's anger might be based on my feelings for Penny and a sense of jealousy. That didn't seem to fit with the exchanges I had witnessed between them recently and I did not continue to entertain that thought for very long. It seemed a bit egotistical to think that they were fighting over me. Something certainly felt out of place, not only with the tension between the women, but with the awkwardness of my return in general. I couldn't fully understand what wasn't right, though I hoped I would figure it out quickly.

As the morning passed, I basically refused to move from my bed. I drifted in and out of short periods of sleep over the next hour or so. I was just about to drift off again when I heard the handle of the door to my room turning. I looked to see the door slowly begin to slide open.

The next sight was a wonderful one as Vivian appeared in the doorway of my room. She looked beautiful, dressed in nothing but her white cotton bathrobe. She slowly sauntered over to my bed, smiling at me cleverly.

"Good morning," I greeted her.

"It's about to be," she responded in a very matter-of-fact tone.

I was about to say something else, but Vivian put her index finger on my lips and shook her head, indicating that I should remain silent. She untied her robe and let it fall over her shoulders. As it came to rest on the floor, I took in the gorgeous sight of her naked body. Her creamy white skin and numerous freckles made me giggle while her curves and softness made me appreciate that she was indeed all woman. Vivian ripped the covers on my bed off of me, leaving me lying there in just my boxers. I stared up at her, wondering what was next.

Vivian hovered over me and ran her fingernails lightly across my bare chest. It sort of tickled yet it also felt amazing. I shivered slightly under her seductive touch. Her two index fingers found there way inside the waistband of my boxers. She quickly tore them off and tossed them aside. My now firm shaft stood brilliantly at attention for her. She grabbed it firmly with her left hand and began to stroke it slowly. She continued to manipulate my rod as she leaned down and kissed me softly.

"I wanna fuck you," Vivian announced.

"I hope you aren't waiting for me to disagree," I laughed.

"Then I want you to fuck me," she snapped. "As hard as you can. Will you do that for me?"

I didn't say another word, I just nodded in agreement. Vivian climbed up on the bed and laid her body on top of mine. She laid there for several moments, staring deeply into my eyes as if she were searching for something she had lost, before positioning herself directly above my raging hard-on. She guided her wet spot down onto my pole, taking me fully inside of her with no resistance. I exhaled heavily as she lifted herself up again on her legs and then crashed back down on my dick.

Vivian wasted no time in finding a rhythm in riding me. She raised her pussy up and down on my cock quickly, crashing powerfully onto me each time. I reached up and began to massage her beautiful breasts. Vivian brought her hands to mine and intertwined our fingers. She pushed down on my arms and I pushed back, giving her more leverage to rail her soaking wet box up and down on my tool.

She was relentless, picking up speed after each pass. I felt my rod throbbing wildly inside her walls as she brought me to the heights of pleasure. I noticed that Vivian never took her eyes off me as she attacked me with her body. I did everything I could to hold out as long as possible while Vivian continued her lightning pace. She began to grunt and growl loudly as her climax built.

"Oh god," she exhaled. "YES."

I assumed the waves of pleasure were washing over her now as she stopped riding me and started to grind her hips onto me wildly. She worked my rod inside of her firmly as she peaked. Her box flooded with her juices as she began to ride me again, this time at an even greater pace. I grunted as she assaulted my body with her own.

Finally, when my member had fully enjoyed the heights of our physicality, I exploded violently inside of her. I pumped jet after jet of goo into her opening until my organ was milked dry. Vivian came to a stop on top of me and I lay there, breathing heavily. She shook her head wildly, allowing her long blond hair to thrash about outrageously. Vivian climbed off of me and laid on her back next to me. She looked at me urgently.

"Your turn," she declared.

I moved immediately, positioning myself above her. She spread her legs wide for me, holding her ankles in her hands. I wasted no time in jamming my cock into her gaping slot. I entered her fully and retracted. I entered her again, harder, causing her to groan. I wanted to give her what she asked for, so I crashed into her flesh again, this time more forcefully.

Vivian smiled and I continued to brutalize her box with my shaft. I entered her over and over again at an ever-increasing pace. I pumped my pecker into her until my entire length filled her cunt and she screamed loudly. Her vocals inspired me and I injected myself into her violently yet again.

"FUCK ME," she screamed. "Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me."

I slammed into her again and again, my balls slapping uncontrollably against her tight ass. I felt my load building as I rammed my dick into her twat with every ounce of blunt force I could muster. I crashed into her again, viciously, bringing about my peak. I dumped several short, thick streams of batter into her hole and then crashed to the bed next her. I had nothing left as I lay there, exhausted.

Vivian rolled me onto my back and curled up next to me. She kissed me on the cheek and then laid her head against my chest. No words were exchanged. I felt her drift off to sleep in my arms and I faded away shortly after her.

When I woke, Vivian had not moved. She was still next to me, tracing circle on my chest with her index finger. I looked at her, curiously. She smiled when she noticed that I was awake.

"Hey," she said.

"Hey back," I replied. "That was intense."

"Yeah, if that was our last time then we certainly went out with a bang," she laughed.

"Why would that be our last time," I asked curiously, caught very off-guard by that remark.

"Um, uh, ah," she stammered and stuttered.

"Vivian," I stated firmly, "why would that be our last time?"

"Well, um, you see," she stalled.

I sat up in bed and looked her dead in the eye.

"Tell me what the fuck is going on," I ordered her.

She looked at me, fear on her face and tears beginning to form in her blue eyes.

"There's a meeting today," she revealed. "If you don't attend that meeting, the game is going to be over."

"What," I reacted, now quite confused. "I thought that meeting would have been canceled when I got back."

"You knew about the meeting," Vivian asked sharply, her tears now subsiding.

"Um, oh," I tripped over my words, realizing that they had given me away.

Now I was the one who stalling. The time for talking in circles and secrets was over. I knew I had to come clean.

"Yes, I knew about the meeting," I told her, looking her dead in the eye.

"How," she asked softly.

"I can't say," I admitted.

"Ok," she accepted, begrudgingly. "Is that why you came back?"

"No," I admitted honestly. "I came back because it was long overdue and it was time and you all deserved not to have to wonder anymore. I came back because I missed all of you."

"I see," she stated simply, leaving me wondering where her head was at.

"I thought that when I got back this meeting would have been canceled," I explained.

"It probably would have been," she suggested, "if anyone else knew you were home."

"Excuse me," I snapped. "What do you mean by that?"

"You can't tell Penny that I told you this," Vivian pleaded. "She will kill me."

"Tell me," I urged her.

"No one else knows that you are home," she disclosed. "Penny didn't tell anyone."

"Why in the hell not," I inquired, very confused now.

"Are you blind," Vivian countered. "She is in love with you."

"I know that," I clarified. "I don't get the connection."

"Stupid-ass," Vivian shouted at me. "If the game is over, then you are all hers."

I let those words sink in. I digested what I had just learned. I looked at Vivian, whose face was expressionless. I thought immediately of Brooke's visit to come and get me. I thought of the car accident that brought Emma and I together. Visions of all the memories of this game flashed through my head, one right after another. I thought of all the women and the times I had shared with them. For the first time in a long time, I was angry.

"What time is the meeting," I asked Vivian.

"4 o'clock," she informed me.

I looked at the clock. 2:15pm. I looked back at Vivian. I moved to the door and opened it.

"Where are you going," she asked.

"To get ready," I confirmed. "I suggest you do the same."

I continued to the bathroom and started the shower. I was not at all sure of how to handle this, but this game was not going to end with these women thinking that I gave up on them or deserted them. No way.

I stood under the running water and tried to clear my head. Gathering my thoughts inside my mess of a mind was going to be a chore. I zoned out for a moment before starting to formulate a plan of attack. I got out of the shower and began getting dressed. When I made my way downstairs, Vivian was dressed and ready to go. She looked me up and down twice as she smiled. I had on my best suit and tie. At least I would look confident even if inside I was as nervous as I had ever been.

"Not playing any games," she surmised.

"Not today," I confirmed.

"Good," she answered. "You really do play the hero role quite well, most of the time."

I grabbed her hand and led her down the stairs and out the front door. We climbed into separate cars and headed for the office. We sped through the streets and arrived with no time to spare. Vivian headed inside immediately while I waited, trying to organize my thoughts before stepping into the whirlwind that was about to unfold. I tried to calm myself but could not. 

Finally, when I was out of time, I stepped out of the car and walked to the front door of the office. I was trembling as I entered, though I took a deep breath as I saw no one around. I knew they were all in the conference room. I walked across the large waiting area, past Nikki's desk and directly into the large, glass encased room.

They were all there, seated around the big, oval table. Emma was at the head of the table at the far side. Seated to her left were Vivian, Nikki and Mindy. Seated to her right were Leslie, Brooke and Penny. I stood behind the large, grey chair at the end of the table closest to me and watched the women react to my arrival.

There were gasps and open mouths. There were looks of surprise, confusion and hurt. There were some smiles and some tears, but there were no words. No one moved, either. I stood there, smiling and waiting. I looked great, I knew that. They missed me, I knew that. And they were about to unload on me, I knew that as well.

Everyone seemed to get there initial reactions under control after a few moments. I waited for them to start with the questions and comments, but no one said a word. I looked at each of them and their faces slowly turned to blank pages. I did not know what was about to unfold but in all honesty, I was absolutely terrified.

"Well, this certainly changes things," Emma stated, finally breaking the silence. "Please, sit. I think this is going to take a while."

I pulled out the chair I was holding onto and seated myself in it. I pulled myself into the table and looked at Emma. Her expression was cold, firm. I wondered who was going to go first. I waited.

"Who told you about this meeting," Emma asked curtly.

"Does that really matter," I asked pointedly. "I am here. Why don't we focus on that?"

"Who told you about this meeting," Emma repeated firmly, staring a hole through me.

I stared right back. I would not back down nor was I about to sell anyone out. This had become an immediate standoff.

"I did," both Brooke and Vivian announced at exactly the same time.

They stared at each other and then both of them turned their eyes on me. Vivian's look told me that she now had confirmation of how I knew about the meeting. She also appeared to have more questions. Brooke's eyes were asking a lot of questions as well. Unfortunately, they were not questions that I could answer at the moment. I took a deep breath and waited, again.

"We will deal with that in a moment," Emma declared. "Why are you here?"

"I'm back," I confirmed confidently.

"You're back," Emma repeated. "That's it? That's the best you could do? Does anyone else think 'I'm back,' is acceptable?"

No one said a word. Emma's tone was loud and hard. The question hung out there, waiting for someone, anyone to have the courage to answer it.

"It is acceptable," Brooke said.

All eyes turned to look at her. She seemed unaffected and confident. My angel.

"It certainly is not," Nikki fired back across the table.

All eyes now snapped to look at Nikki, who appeared angry and near tears.

"I see there are a lot of emotions going on right now," I said. "I owe all of you an apology and I am truly sorry."

"What, exactly, are you sorry for," Mindy asked me.

"I'm sorry I was gone so long," I answered. "I'm sorry I didn't call and email more. I'm sorry any of you worried about me for even a single second. But mostly, I am sorry for getting lazy and not showing you all the respect you have earned and deserve from me."

"How long have you been rehearsing that speech," Emma asked in a somewhat disgusted tone.

"That came to me in the moment," I replied.

"Well, the moment is over," Emma snapped back. "And as far as I am concerned, so is this game."

"That's not up to just you," Penny countered.

"I started this game," Emma reminded us all. "It's time to end it."

"What about what we want," Mindy asked Emma directly.

"You can't possibly want to go on," Nikki challenged Mindy.

"Nik, you are taking this way too personally," Penny said to her. "Remember what this was all about and why it was good for all of us."

"And you, Miss Penny, should remember the rules," Emma said to her sharply.

"Can I suggest that we take a vote," I interrupted the ladies. "I think that is fair. Four 'yes' votes means that I am back and the game is on. Four 'no' votes mean that I am out and you all are free to do what you like. It's simple and it will allow the majority to decide."

Emma turned her head and looked at me curiously. I did not know where each of these women stood, so this move was a gamble on my part. I wanted to see what was going on and how fast I could repair the damage I had done. This was going to be an outstanding test and I was excited to see if Emma had the nerve to accept my challenge.

"You don't call the shots," Emma explained. "Did you forget that in your time away?"

I had no answer. She was right. I had no power to make decisions. She was angry and she was playing it very cold. It stung me, but I held out hope.

"We deserve for this to be fair to everyone," Leslie interjected. "We should vote. As you said, him being here changes everything."

"Fine," Emma agreed, somewhat reluctantly. "Nikki is a no and Brooke is a yes. My no vote makes it 2 to 1. Mindy."

Emma looked at Mindy, who had been smiling since the moment she saw me.

"Hell yes," Mindy exclaimed.

"2 to 2," I clarified for Emma.

"Penny," Emma asked for the next vote.

Penny was crying silently now as she sat there. She lifted her head to look at Emma and then she turned to look at me. She did not speak; she simply nodded through her tears. I smiled as I held up 3 fingers for Emma to see.

"Vivian," Emma proceeded.

Emma turned to look at her little sister. Vivian looked at her big sister with no expression. I thought this was the vote that would seal it for me until Vivian looked at me. She had anguish on her face that I had not seen before.

"No," Vivian announced softly as she lowered her head to look away from me.

Emma held up 3 fingers as she looked me dead in the eye. I could see that she had thought that Vivian's vote would seal things in my favor also. Her surprise was too much for her eyes to hide.

"It's all up to you Les," Emma stated as she turned to looked at Leslie.

Leslie would not take her eyes off of me. She hadn't since I had entered the room. I waited but she did not speak. She stood from her chair and leaned on the table. She looked at me as if she were trying to see inside.

"I will make you a deal," she offered me. "I will vote yes if you agree to my terms."

"What are your terms," I asked simply, wondering where she was about to take me.

"You showing up was a lot to take today, for all of us," Leslie stated. "So I propose this. I will say yes and give you a win in this vote, today. You will leave here immediately. Go home, pack a bag and stay away for a few days. No contact with anyone in the game. That will give us a few days to sort ourselves out and each other. Then, on Saturday night, you will come to my house. We will all be there. We will each get 10 minutes with you privately to ask anything we want. You have to answer anything you get asked. When everyone has had their 10 minutes, we will gather in my dining room and vote again. If the majority wants to continue then you come back to work on Monday morning and the game is back on. If not, you are done. You say your goodbyes and go back home, for good. Those are my terms."

I looked around that table. Emma was staring firmly at Leslie, in more surprise than I had ever seen her. Vivian still had her head down in her hands and would not look up. Mindy was smiling and nodding. Nikki had a scowl on her face but was very, very still. Penny was still crying silently. Brooke was also nodding in agreement with her sister.

I surveyed the women in front of me and looked back at Leslie, who was waiting patiently for an answer. I owed them this and I knew it. So did Leslie. She was testing me as the man she remembered. Now was no time to let her down.

"Agreed," I said confidently yet with very little volume to my voice. "I look forward to seeing you all on Saturday night."

"Then I vote yes," she retorted. "Now get out."

Her last statement was very sharp. I rose from my chair and left the conference room. I made my way out of the office and across the lot to my car. I headed home in a mental fog. What would be going on at the house between Penny and Vivian with me not there? There was bound to be fallout. I became immediately concerned.
