 During the course of having her pussy serviced by Shadow, he observed Renee having at least three major orgasms. Now, she just seemed to be experiencing a series of aftershocks, unable to control any bodily functions. She sucked on his cock reflexively, because it was there. Even in this diminished state of consciousness she was an experienced cocksucker, and allowed to continue, would eventually suck the cum right out of his dick, swallow, and keep sucking as if nothing had happened. 

As much as he wanted to experience that very thing, it was not in his plans for this evening. 

"Leave her be for a little while, and let her come back to reality" he told Shadow as he gently pulled his cock out of Renee's mouth, and coaxed Shadow away from her pussy.

She required more than coaxing, and had to be forcibly turned around. She had the look of a wild animal that had been separated from its kill. She glared at him, struggling to get back to the pussy she had been immersed in, ignoring reality herself for the sexual pleasure she was deriving from servicing Renee. 

"Ouch, damn, stop it, that hurts!" she said as he pulled hard on her nipple rings. As he saw the veil of lust start to clear, he gently caressed her breasts, kissing first one nipple, and then the other, gently, replacing the pain with a warming sensation.

She reached for his cock, remembering where they started, but he stopped her.

"I need to feel a pussy around my cock," he said.

"You know that's not what I'm really in to, don't you?" 

"Yes, I know, but I allowed you to enjoy yourself, and will again, but I need a little help right now. But it's her pussy I want to fill, and she's not quite ready yet."

He knew she preferred pussy over cock, but for a chance to get back between her legs she would suck him dry if needed. 

Looking at Renee, she silently acknowledged her incapacitated state, and remembering their financial arrangement, pushed him down on the couch and moved to mount his glistening cock.

"Just for a while, and just for fun" he said, "I know you really don't want to taste my cum, but you'll be able to suck it out of her pussy later if you change your mind" motioning towards Renee.

His cock slid in without effort. She had been dripping for some time, and even though she preferred pussy, she had to admit he filled a void, and it felt good. She rocked back and forth to get maximum contact with her clit, all the while thinking about Renee and how sweet her pussy tasted. 

He wasn't going to last long at this rate, and he was fucking the wrong pussy, if that's even possible. But then, he noticed Renee start to wake up, with a puzzled look on her face.

"What the ..." she started to say, and then began to remember the events of the evening. Her pussy was still burning with desire, but she needed cock now, not a tongue, and there happened to be one right there for the taking!

Feeling overdressed, she slipped out of the dress and bra she was wearing, preparing for battle. She moved over to the couple on the floor, and gently but firmly pushed Shadow off of his cock so she could take her place.

"I've been waiting for this for a long time, and I'm not waiting any longer" she thought. 

Her pussy was drenched from earlier, with her juices still running down her thighs. He slipped right in to her engorged pussy, and she let out a moan, almost scream of delight.

"Ohhh my god..." it's even better than I thought it would be. The months of flirting hadn't prepared her for this moment.

She was riding his cock like she was in a race for a Gold Medal. Rocking back and forth, lifting up slowly and slamming down until he bottomed out in her pussy. It wasn't long until her orgasm overcame her, wave after wave of pleasure, all the while she kept thrusting onto his cock. 

He couldn't go on too much longer, so he reached up, pulled her down and kissed her passionately, massaging her tits before kissing and sucking them, one by one. He needed to taste her pussy, but didn't want to break the cycle she was in, so he went for the next best thing.

He looked at Shadow, and motioned her over. 

"I realize you love pussy over cock, but I need to taste her, and I have no idea how to interrupt her fucking me," he said, hoping she would understand.

Without hesitation, she leaned in close and kissed him, and allowed him to lick the pussy juice off of her face, savoring every trace. It wasn't the real thing, but it was her essence, and he would have to settle for this until the next time.

"Do you want me to eat your pussy?" he asked Shadow.

"Thanks sweetie, maybe next time. I'd really like to have one more go at Renee!"

"I noticed a strap-on on the desk when we walked in" he said. "Think she can handle both of us?"

A devious smile came over her face, she gave him a quick kiss, jumped up and headed for the desk.

Although almost completely absorbed by the action of his cock in her pussy, she did wonder what was going on. Even as he reached up and pulled her forward, she failed to understand the activity behind her. It wasn't until she felt the warm lube being applied to her ass that the smile came over her face!

"Oh my god, you guys are bad" she smiled. 

Shadow slowly inserted the dildo into Renee's ass, being careful to go slowly and not shock her. Watching her face, he was not surprised when she suddenly pushed back as hard as she could, bottoming out on the rubber dick, and almost knocking Shadow over! 

After the initial shock of the near violent move, she reached out, grabbed Renee's tits, and started riding her with a vengeance. Unknown to him until just then, the strap-on was double ended, and vibrating. One end was securely being held in Shadow's pussy, while the other was sliding in and out of Renee's ass. 

He could feel the vibration of the dildo through the thin wall separating her ass from her pussy, as well as the in and out motion of the dildo itself. It was a feeling he had waited for a long time to enjoy, and the wait was worth it.

Renee had climaxed almost immediately after the initial penetration of her ass, and was on the verge again. The look on Shadow's faced told him she was close, and he was feeling the need to shoot his load as far into Renee's pussy as anyone had ever sprayed before. 

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me harder, fuck me damn you" she screamed to no one in particular! He reached behind her, grabbing Shadow's nipple rings. Not quite as hard as earlier, but hard enough to start the chain reaction. 

She winced from the pain, but the sensation went right to her clit. "I'm coming" Shadow screamed, thrusting her artificial dick deep into Renee's ass.

"Yes, fuck me, oh my god, I'm coming, fuck me harder, deeper, please, more" Renee screamed, incoherent, in the throes of an orgasm that wouldn't stop.

He kissed Renee deeply, their tongues intertwined, as his cock exploded. She never noticed her pussy juices on his tongue and face, or if she did, she ignored it. The cum was more than she could contain in her pussy, running out and soaking his cock and balls. Before he knew what was happening, he felt Shadow licking up his juice, coaxing it out of Renee's pussy, and causing those aftershocks she experienced earlier.

Already on his back, there was nowhere for him to go. Renee collapsed on top of him, quivering and mewing. He could feel Shadows tongue, alternating between his cock and balls, as well as slurping at Renee's pussy, trying to get every last drop of both of their love juices.

He awoke later, with Renee next to him, just coming to, with no sign of the dancer. A bowl of warm water, wash cloths and towels were on the desk. They cleaned up, dressed, and slipped out from behind the stage.

Shadow was doing her best to make every man in there feel like she was dancing for him, and him only. She smiled when she saw them slipping out, blowing them both a kiss. They knew who provided the motivation for her sexy dance!