 We met on a hot, sticky and miserable summer's day. I was in the process of getting a divorce. My then husband, now my ex, had no interest in manual labor. And while I am able to do some things, some are beyond my ability.

We'd had a really good handyman but he went on to flipping houses and just didn't have the time to do little tasks for me any more. And I went through a series of dismal people after that. Either they wouldn't show up for work or just didn't do a very good job. 

So when Julian contacted me on a social networking site, telling me that he could do the little jobs that I needed done, I was a bit hesitant, fearing that once again, the needed work wouldn't get done. He didn't boost my confidence any when he showed up on my doorstep, several hours late. I had half a mind just to turn him away but, I really needed some things done, he was there and he looked capable.

He had kept in touch with me throughout the day, sending me text messages spelling out the various reasons why he was running so late. I wasn't sure I believed all of those excuses, but I did have to give him credit for at least keeping in touch, and when he smiled at me, I sort of felt myself melting.

He stood on my doorstep, tall and lanky. His skin was smooth and deeply tanned. He had the kindest eyes I'd ever seen. They were the color of root beer, shot through with flecks of gold and surrounded by the longest, most luxurious dark brown eyelashes I'd ever seen on a man. His whole face lit up as he smiled at me and it was as though he radiated a pure gold aura. I felt my knees go weak as I stepped outside to show him the first task that needed to be done.

I pointed to the backyard and walked behind him. Partly because I was afraid I was blushing and grinning and didn't want him to see this and partly because I was enjoying the sight of his long legs, and his tight little butt in his form fitting black jeans. I watched the breeze ripple through his curls and wished I could run my fingers through his soft brown hair. The breeze also brought back the slightest hint of body odor but it smelled divine to me!

I had to bite my lip to stifle a giggle as I felt my panties growing damp at the thought of what I really wanted to do to him. He had to be half my age. I didn't know him. And then there was the fact that I was still married.

The two of us traipsed across the yard together as I showed him the various things that needed to be done. I actually had quite a long list but by then it was getting late so I decided to have him do just a few things to see if his services were going to work out for me. At times, we were standing so close together that I could feel the hairs on his arm grazing my skin. It made me shiver. Everything about this guy seemed so very sensual!

I sat in a chair on the deck, pretending to read a book but glancing up every now and then to watch him work. He was doing a good job on everything but the sun was beginning to set and he hadn't even taken a break! He was starting to look tired so I suggested that he sit down and have a cold drink. He was also ravenous so I fixed him a plate of leftovers. We sat there late into the night, chatting and watching the stars. Despite our age difference, we discovered that we had a lot in common, including liking to look at the stars.

I paid him for the work he had done so far and he left, promising to return the following day to finish what needed to be done. Before he left, he gave me a hug. Now I should say that I'm not really the hugging type but the way he went about it was so gentle and genuine feeling. I felt myself gasping for breath, not because he was squeezing me too hard but because I was getting very turned on. He then stepped back, looked me in the eyes and smiled at me before turning to leave.

And true to his word, the next day, he came to finish the work. This time I had chatted with him enough to know some of his likes and dislikes in terms of food and beverage so I cooked a meal for him while he worked. And once again, we sat out on the deck until late in the night, chatting.

His coming to have dinner with me soon became a habit, even when I had no work for him that day. Our friendship began to flourish, and those hugs he gave me before he left became more and more prolonged. But I still kept trying to push thoughts of sex to the back of my mind where they stayed until I went to bed. And then all I could think of was him!

Then late one night, he called and asked if he could come over. He'd been working on a very involved job nearby and was too exhausted to go home. I quickly heated up a plate of food for him and met him on the deck where he collapsed into the chair in pain. His muscles were overworked.

As he tried to eat, the moaning and groaning became too much for me and I asked him to show me where the pain was. And it was seemingly all over. I put my hands to work, massaging him as best I could. As I felt his muscles easing up some, I let my hands wander, caressing him all over. I could hear him sighing quietly. And then he became silent. I thought he was asleep so I decided to leave him there on the cot I had made up for him. 

But as I began to stagger away in a dreamy sort of stupor, I felt his arms around me. He had gotten up, followed me, turned me around and began hugging me. The hug went on for a very long time with each of us lightly rubbing each other's backs. We just stood there, slightly swaying back and forth, moaning. I let my lips wander and so did he. Then I felt him pull me even closer. 

At this point, I wasn't even thinking of sex. We were both so sleepy and relaxed. I was just enjoying letting my fingers and lips wander when I felt my pussy clench tightly and an orgasm ripped through my body, causing me to cry out.

Before I could even catch my breath, he looked deeply into my eyes and pulled me close to him again, causing yet another orgasm. By then I was shaking. Again, he looked me in the eyes and pulled me even closer, causing an even stronger orgasm. At this point, I was panting and shaking and wondering what had just happened to me! Somehow he was giving me orgasms just from hugging me and he seemed to know that he was doing it and enjoying it!

We said "goodnight" to each other and I wandered back into the house, barely able to walk as I was still reeling from the orgasms.

I looked this up online and discovered that what he was giving me was called "hugasms". These began to happen with increasing frequency. And although we never spoke about it, I felt sure that he was somehow able to do this to me on purpose and taking great delight in it.

Then one morning, I awoke to a message from a friend on my phone. Somehow in trying to get the message, I accidentally dialed Julian. I hung up right away and forgot about it until he returned my call, several hours later. This time, the mere sound of his voice caused me to have an instant orgasm. He has a very deep, sexy voice. I began stammering and moaning all at once, trying to explain to him that I had dialed him by accident. He just chuckled and said, "No worries!" Again, I felt sure that he could tell that I'd had an orgasm and again, I felt that he was somehow doing this to me on purpose.

Time marched on and my divorce was final. I was then able to set about getting some things done around the house that I wasn't able to when my husband was here. Julian was spending more and more time with me, often stopping by in between jobs to chat or to get a quick snack.

One morning, I awoke to the sound of him knocking on my bedroom door. I have a door in my room that leads to the deck. I was still in bed and the weather was still warm so I had on a short, lavender colored gauze caftan. I didn't bother changing into anything else because I felt that Julian and I knew each other pretty well and he had often seen me in my night clothes.

He had come by to get some tools that he had left in a covered area of the back yard when he noticed a big mess nearby. Looked like someone who lived on the other side of the fence threw some sticky ice cream or something back there and it needed to be cleaned up. He showed me the mess and wanted to make sure that nothing had gotten ruined by whatever it was. He thought he could clean it off with the hose.

I left him to gather his tools while I brought the hose to him. But when I handed it to him, one or the other of us accidentally set off the sprayer and the next thing I knew, I was sopping wet. I shivered as we were under cover and the sun hadn't yet warmed the air up very much.

He chuckled and said, "You know I can see right through that!" I looked down and indeed, the soaking wet, sheer gauze was clinging right to me. My nipples were poking out, hard as rocks and the wet fabric was also showing off my hairy mound.

I quickly looked around and considered wrapping myself in a tarp or something so I could run back up to the house to get something dry to put on.

He chuckled again and reached for my caftan, pulling it up over my head, leaving me standing there totally naked, save for my shoes. "It'll dry soon" he said, flinging it over the handles of the wheelbarrow. "But you're so cold, you're shivering!" True enough, I was but I was also feeling embarrassed to be standing totally naked in my backyard. Again, I looked around quickly and realized that no one was likely to see me. I have a high fence and lots of trees that surround the property and we were also standing under cover.

I felt his warm arms wrap around me protectively, pulling me very close as his lips brushed against mine. Soon his kisses grew more intense as his hands began to stray. First, slowly running them through my hair then down my back and cupping my bare bottom. Then his lips began to stray, working their way down to my breasts, sucking them gently, then harder and harder.

I gasped as I could feel my pussy lips begin to swell and my own hot juices running down my naked legs. It wasn't long before his right hand found its way to my pussy, spreading my lips, stroking me lovingly and gently, then with increasing intensity, working his fingers way up inside me and flicking back and forth over my swollen clit. I slumped against him as I came, burying my lips into that area between his neck and shoulder and drinking in his manly scent.

Again, he chuckled with that deep, sexy voice and told me that I had really needed to cum. And oh how I needed to cum some more!

I was on him now like an animal, still gasping for breath as my hands and lips worked my way down his body, moving his shirt out of the way. When I got to the waistband of his shorts, I was greeted by his stiff and ready cock.

I pulled the waistband apart and slipped the shorts down, letting them fall around his ankles, then dropping to my knees on top of them. His cock stood up proud, pre-cum glistening on the tip. I ran my finger through the pre-cum, spreading it around, then working the tip of my tongue around the head of his cock, pausing to thrust it into the slit on the end. All the while letting my fingers lightly caress his cock and balls. I chuckled to myself as he groaned and thrust his cock towards me, as though he were fucking the air. Oh how I knew he needed more, but I wanted to tease him a little bit first.

Holding his cock daintily, I kissed it all over, up and down, around and around until I came to his balls which I sort of bounced off of my tongue, sucking them gently. Then I looked up at him. His lips were parted and I could see that he was restraining himself because I knew he really wanted to grab the back of my head and thrust his cock into my mouth. Ah, but I wasn't going to let that happen! Not yet anyway.

I continued to look into his eyes. His eyes seemed to be pleading with me. I gripped his cock a little tighter in my hand as I took the head of it into my mouth, kissing, licking and sucking it with slowly increasing intensity. He gasped and I saw a slight sense of relief in his eyes now.

I began working my way down now, taking more and more of his cock into my mouth as I moved my head up and down, using my hands to work over his shaft and balls as I did so. I wanted to taste his cum so badly that I began sucking harder and harder, then stopping for just a second to make him want it all the more.

I could feel his body growing hotter and hotter and he seemed to be having difficulty standing. At this point, he did put his hands on the back of my head, but perhaps only to try to steady himself. His body then stiffened and shuddered and I was rewarded with a nice mouthful of sweet, hot cum.

I didn't let up though. I continued to lightly kiss and lick his cock as I felt it soften. He began taking in sharp breaths of air and gasping for me to stop. I knew how sensitive his cock was, but I wanted him to remember this!

Finally he could take no more and he lifted me to my feet where we slumped together in a tight hug. Him partially dressed and me still naked. I let us stay like that for a few short minutes. Then I looked him in the eyes and said, "You're going to fuck me now!"

His mouth fell open and he stammered, trying to protest that he wasn't able to just yet. I moaned, buried my face against his neck and began kissing him there, telling him that he was too going to fuck me. Then I looked into his eyes, batting my eyes and pouting.

He let out a sexy groan and agreed that yes, he was going to fuck me! We were still wrapped tightly in each others arms. I lifted my right leg, kind of wiggled and squirmed and positioned his still soft cock between my legs, rubbing my pussy over it and pressing it against me.

I knew that his cock was probably still sore but I wanted more! He began sort of gulping and gasping and burying his head into my chest. I told him again that I wanted him to fuck me and right now. He stammered, "Um... Okay...", and then I felt his cock stiffen.

"Like this?" All of a sudden he turned me around and bent me over, using his leg to push my legs widely apart as he wrapped his arms around me. I felt his cock entering me, from behind. It was almost as if he were lifting me onto his cock while his right hand found its way to my clit.

I felt sort of stuck there, in that awkward position, unable to move much at all but getting fucked like he really meant it. Suddenly my whole world became a combination of things. Panting for breath, feeling my pussy tightening and clamping down on his cock and loving every second of it! His cock was thrusting up deep inside of me while my clit got a workout. Our juices were running down my legs. It was all sticky and sweaty and the birds were singing in the trees. Wave after wave of orgasm engulfed me. Consciousness seemed to fade in and out. I couldn't seem to keep my eyes open. I would see the trees, the sky, then the ground beneath me, and waves of colors splashing through my mind as the orgasms kept coming fast and furious!

Then finally, one last thrust and I felt his hot cum flooding my insides and dripping down my legs.

He helped me up to an upright position. We looked into each other's eyes, all spent and content, gasping for breath and leaning into each other to try to stay upright.

Then he broke out that super sexy grin that he always gives me. "Now look what you did! You've made me late for the job I was headed to." 

I ruffled my hand through his hair, told him I apologized profusely and inquired as to whether or not he might be back later for dinner. He said he would. 

I do believe I have found the best handyman ever!