 A moving truck parked out front. Hmmmm, I thought, as I pulled in to my driveway. Wonder who moved in? I parked, went inside, and looked through my mail. The place next door had been for sale for a while, and I had only vaguely noticed that the "For sale" sign was gone. I changed clothes and picked up my bike, thinking I'd get at least a short ride in. Fifteen miles later, I was home—and sweating just a bit in the heat and I noticed the moving truck was gone. As I rode up on the sidewalk, I saw my new neighbor. She was about my age, dark hair, and looked pretty darn attractive, clad in a black t-shirt and khaki shorts. I waved hello at her, and she started to wave back, then apparently changed her mind and started towards me.

Hi, she said, and nice to meet you. Could you give me a hand moving something? Movers left, etc. Sure, I said, somewhat uncomfortably aware of how thin my bike shorts were. We exchanged some small talk as we maneuvered a couple pieces of furniture around, and I drained a bottle of water she offered. We sat down on her newly repositioned couch, and she knocked over her bottle of water. I reached down to pick it up, just as she leaned over to grab it. As I reached, and she leaned, I could feel my fingers graze her t-shirt and breast, and realized she was wearing a lace bra and a thin t-shirt -- I could feel her erect nipple, and let my hand pause for an instant cupping her beautiful breast, her nipple rubbing in my hand. Our eyes met and locked, and she let out a soft moan. I moved my hand and let my fingers trace her breast and pinched her nipple just a bit. I felt her free hand trace up my leg, to my hips, and slowly, playfully, circled around my now-erect cock. 

It was my turn to moan just a bit as she circled around my cock and slowly moved in until she was tracing it through my shorts. I reached down a bit and pulled her t-shirt up, exposing her bra, and watching her as her eyes sparkled and her mouth opened slightly, breathing heavily. I slid her shirt over her head, revealing her gorgeous breasts held back by her lace bra. I reached around her and undid the clasp, freeing her tits. I ran my fingers over her nipples, seeing how large they were erect, begging me to suck on them. I leaned down, pushed her down on the floor, and began kissing my way from her belly button to her nipples. I could feel her sliding my dripping t-shirt off of me, and took her breast into my mouth, biting down on her nipple and rolling it around in my mouth. My hand reached down and slid inside the waistband of her shorts, feeling how smooth her pussy area was. My fingers explored, feeling her pussy dripping with anticipation, sliding one finger, then two, then three, into her as I played with her clit with my tongue, hearing her moaning rising almost to a scream. 

All the while, I could feel her sliding my shorts off, and fondling my cock. I felt her moving, and rolling me over and then felt her tongue and lips on my cock. Slowly she began to suck my cock, licking my precum off with appreciative noises. Slowly she went, with just the right mix of tongue, lips, mouth, and pressure -- driving me wild, until I could feel myself about to cum. I grabbed her hair and pulled her up to me as I rolled over on top of her, my cock still dripping from her mouth. She spread her legs for me as I played with her tits with one hand while teasing her clit and pussy with the tip of my cock, listening to her implore me to fuck her and to fuck her brains out. 

Still I teased, letting just the tip of my cock inside her hot, dripping pussy, and then, without warning, I rammed my rock hard cock deep into her pussy—bottoming out deep inside her as she gasped with pleasure. In and out I slid my cock, savoring the feel of my cock buried deep inside her glorious, hot, tight, wet pussy, feeling her cum all over my cock. From slow to fast to slow again, and I could feel her starting to quake as her orgasm grew. As it burst upon her, she screamed out and I could feel her pussy convulsing on my cock and feel her drenching me as she came. 

Breathlessly she said she wanted to feel me explode inside her, and seeing her naked beneath me, my cock buried deep inside her, and feeling her pussy orgasm on my cock, I could feel my own orgasm building, building . . . I slid in and out, and could feel the tip of my cock mushroom inside her, and felt my hot cum exploding into her already dripping pussy. I came for what seemed like forever, both of us screaming in ecstasy as we consumed each other in orgasm. 

We lay like that for a long time, her pussy still holding my cock deep inside. Finally, we both stopped shaking and were able to look each other in the eye. Hi, I said. I'm Tom, your new next door neighbor . . . to which she replied, Hi, I'm Renee . . .