 It was a hot Saturday afternoon and I was just moving into a new apartment building. I had chosen an apartment in the back of the building, because I really enjoy my privacy, but that meant a lot of walking to carry all my stuff in. It was a very hot day and I was beginning to sweat profusely. My tight shirt and shorts were beginning to stick to my body. 

As I was rounding the corner, I ran right into a fellow resident. I stammered out my apology as I began to pick up my belongings. As I stood, I noticed he was staring at my chest. I began to cover myself and looked away. He touched my arm and offered to help me with the box. I looked down at the ground and thanked him. I led the way to my new apartment and unlocked the door and moved aside so he could carry the box inside. 

Once inside he asked me for a drink and I laughed and said, "I haven't been to the store yet so all I have is water. Is that all right?"

He smiled a smile that made my heart flutter and said, "water is fine. My name is Charlie. What's yours?"

I smiled nervously and said, "Oh I'm sorry my name is Betsy."

He drank his water and was about to leave when he turned to me and said, "Would you like me to help you carry in some more boxes?"

I smiled at him and said, "Yes, I would appreciate that Charlie."

When we had finished unloading the boxes from my car he asked if there was anything else he could do. I thought about it and asked, "are you sure you don't have plans for the afternoon? It's much too beautiful a day to spend helping a stranger move." 

He laughed and said, "Betsy, I wouldn't have offered if I had plans. So come on. Let me help you move in."

I finally agreed and we set off to my old apartment. We made several trips to my old apartment and finally finished about 7:00 p.m. On the last trip into my new apartment I kicked the door closed behind me and sat on the sofa looking at all the boxes I had to unpack. I looked up and Charlie was handing me a bottle of water. I smiled up at him and said, "Thanks." Then he plopped down on the sofa beside me.

All day long we had talked easily but now on my sofa I felt exposed and it didn't have anything to do with me being braless. I kept trying to cover my chest so that my nipples weren't so visible. I hoped he didn't notice what I was doing.

After we caught our breath he asked,"Well Betsy, I helped you move in. So I would like you to jump in the shower and then go out to dinner with me? I will go do the same and meet you back here in 30 minutes. Okay?"

I smiled and said, "Charlie that isn't necessary I should be taking you out to dinner or at least buying you a pizza. How about we eat in instead? You go shower and meet me back here in a little while. I really don't want to go out tonight." We finally agreed and he left to shower and change.

As soon as he was out the door I ran for the shower. I excitedly lathered myself. I had to admit I was looking forward to Charlie returning it had been a long time since I had been on a date. I wasn't sure whether to consider this a date or just two neighbors having a pizza together. I had a hard time deciding what to wear. Should I dress to impress, to seduce, or just be comfortable? I finally decided a little of each. I slipped into my favorite skirt and blouse. I was just finishing my hair when Charlie knocked on my door.

I ran to get the door and he stood there. He was so handsome in his casual shirt and jeans. He was carrying a bottle of wine. I was glad I had chosen what I did. He smiled and let out a soft whistle. He said, "you look too nice to stay in, are you sure you don't want to go out?"

I looked down and said, "really I would prefer to stay in."

We ordered a pizza and settled on the sofa to relax. We made small talk as we waited on the pizza to be delivered. We found out that we liked the same type of DVD's. So I asked if he wanted to watch one while we ate. He agreed and helped me find the box with the DVD's in it. He then stumbled across my collection of adult DVD's. Then he said, "WOW, I didn't know girls liked these too!"

I blushed and stammered, "It's ah . . . um . . . ah research."

"Research! Exactly what do you do for a living?"

I looked away from him but was saved an answer when the pizza man knocked at my door. I went to the door and was about to pay for the pizza when Charlie handed him the money from behind my back and told the driver to keep the change. He was so close I could feel his breathe on my neck. I closed the door and handed the pizza to him. I went to the kitchen to get some plates and napkins. Charlie poured the wine as I entered the livingroom. As we settled onto the sofa, he turned on the DVD player. I was surprised to see he chose a "chick flick." We ate as we began to watch the movie. He kept my glass full and we kept the conversation flowing. We didn't give the movie our full attention preferring to talk instead. He made me laugh and as the wine worked its magic I began to loosen up. We talked and laughed like old friends. He finally got me to open up and talk about myself. I told him how I had recently gotten a job here and was doing what I had always wanted to do, writing.

He laughed and said, "that explains the research. So what do you write?"

I shyly looked at the floor and said, "I write adult erotic stories."

He looked a little shocked and said, "You have to be joking, right?"

My face was beginning to turn red. I was getting angry. He didn't believe me, or was it the kind of story that shocked him. He saw my anger and leaned over and kissed me. I pulled back and stood up. I said, "Charlie, I think you need to leave and understand I enjoy what I do very much. I began writing to bring out the hidden sexual side of my personality. I am making good money and have earned the respect of my fellow writers."

"Betsy, please calm down I don't see anything wrong with what you do nor do I doubt that you are good at it. I really didn't mean to offend you. I'm sorry."

I took a deep breath and then I accepted his apology.

I sat back down and took a drink of my wine. Charlie sat back down too and said, "Do you want me to leave?"

I turned and looked into his eyes and said, "No. I would like you to stay if you want to that is."

He reached and put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me toward him. The movie ended just as we got comfortable. 

We began to talk again. At first it was only small talk then he guided the conversation back to my writing. I was trying not to be defensive but it was hard. He eventually asked to rad one of my stories. I studied his face and decided to let him.

I paced the floor as I finished my wine and I waited for him to finish reading it. When he was done, I was eager to hear his reaction. 

He laid the folder down and looked at me. I anxiously waited for his reaction. He stared at me for a long time then said, "Betsy, that is very good. I have to ask you though. How much of what you write about have you experienced?"

I wasn't sure if I should be offended or take it as a compliment. I told him, "I'm not a virgin but I'm not very experienced either. Why?"

He smiled, "It's just that I felt you weren't always writing from personal experience."

I sat back down and began to think about what he had just said.

He leaned over and kissed me and said, "If you ever need help with your research just let me know."

Before I knew it, my arms were around his neck. I pressed my body against his and he wrapped his arms around me. He leaned me backwards on the sofa. My arms didn't leave his neck but my lips began to roam his face then his neck. His arms held me close and his hands began to slide down my back to cup my ass. He pulled me even closer. He rolled over so that I was laying on his chest. He caressed my ass and slid my skirt up and pulled me tight. I could feel his hard cock and my body wanted more. He slid his right hand under my blouse to cup my breasts. He gently began to stroke my nipple. He sat me up and was straddling his lap. I stared into his eyes as he began to unbutton my blouse. Then he unhooked the front hook of my bra. When my breasts were free, he licked his lips and smiled. He pulled me closer and began to lick one nipple as he continued to stroke the other. He sucked it into his mouth and began to suck gently on it. He growled, "Your tits were teasing me all day. I was hoping I would get a chance to do this."

I moaned very loudly (surprising myself). I wanted him very badly. I wasn't thinking I was just reacting. I backed up giving myself room to undo his jeans. I kept looking into his eyes as I unzipped his zipper. I slipped my hand inside his boxers. He moaned again when I touched him. I set his hard erect cock free. I leaned over to kiss him and he held me against him. He gently slid my skirt the rest of the way up revealing my barely their underwear. He ran his thumb over my slit and through my panties could feel my wetness. He then ran his thumb under them to tease me. I wanted him and he could tell it. He sat up and kissed me. With me still on his lap he turned us around and laid me down. He was above me now and I could only think of having him inside me. He stood and pulled his shirt over his head. He started to lie back down with me then decide to remove my skirt and underwear. I lifted my ass to help him. He kissed me and as he was joining me I said, "Oh no take your jeans' off." 

He smiled and said, "No baby you take them off."

I sat up and began to slide his jeans down over his hips. I couldn't resist giving his cock a little lick and then a little kiss. On an impulse I decided to let it slide into my mouth and see how he would react. He moaned very loudly and began to slide his fingers through my hair.

I backed away and licked my lips with a smile. He knelt between my legs and holding his cock close to my pussy asked, "Are you ready for this big piece of meat baby?"

I reached and pulled his cock closer and pulled my legs up toward my chest. I looked into his eyes then said, "Give it to me. I want you now."

He laughed and rubbed his cock on my clit and used his finger to test my wetness. He let a little moan escape and said, "Oh Baby you are so wet. My cock is going to love it in your hot wet pussy."

I slid my arms back around his neck and pulled him closer to give him a kiss and said, "Baby, don't make me wait. Fuck Me!"

While we kissed, he slid his cock deep into my pussy. It only took a few strokes and we were cumming. Afterwards he rolled us over so that I was laying on his chest. As our breathing was getting back to normal, he kissed my forehead. He laughed softly and asked, "Is this going to end up as one of your little stories?"

I laughed too and said, "You never know."

We fell a sleep. When I awoke, it was very early in the morning. I didn't want to disturb him but it was getting chilly. I reached and pulled the afghan off the back of the sofa to cover us with. I snuggled onto his chest and into his body heat to get some more sleep. When next I awoke he was gone. I felt bad that he had left me but also I was very satisfied. I sat up and wrapped myself in the afghan to go to the bathroom. I was just getting to the hallway when I noticed the shower was running. It dawned on me that he hadn't left me he had just went to take a shower. I debated on whether I wanted to join him or not. I finally decided to go make coffee and see what would happen next? I made coffee and then went to shower myself. He was just drying off as I entered the bathroom. I told him the coffee was done and then climbed into the shower. After a few minutes he opened the shower curtain and joined me. He handed me a cup of coffee and began to wash my back. We kissed and washed each other.

We stepped from the shower and wrapped in towels walked to the kitchen to enjoy our coffee.