 BOOOOOMMMM!! The thunderclap and lightening startled everyone in the terminal at Ronald Reagan International Airport. Lamar Johnson shook his head and looked down sadly. He knew he wasn't getting to Atlanta tonight. As hard as it is was storming in DC, he knew it was ten times worse in Atlanta. They still hadn't announced it yet, but he knew his flight to Atlanta was going to be cancelled. He sighed and resigned to the fact. He opened his phone and looked down sadly at the pic his friend Sydney had sent him earlier. She was nude and sprawled across her bed laying on her stomach. Her long beautiful legs were crossed and her perfect ass was tooted up in the air seductively. Along with the pic was the text, "This is waiting for you when you get here."

Lamar swallowed hard. He was so ready to tear that ass up. The two had met on Twitter a couple of months ago and had been talking. He lived in New York and traveled a lot for his job as a photographer for an up and coming fashion magazine. She was an internet model/video chick who was making a lot of noise online. Lamar wasn't in love or anything like that but she was DTF so he made up an excuse to his boss to fly to Atlanta for a photo shoot. Well, that wasn't happening tonight.

A voice over the intercom system announced finally, "To the passengers of Delta Flight 1632 to Atlanta, the flight has been cancelled due to inclement weather. Please visit the Delta Help Desk for assistance in making alternate travel arrangements. We apologize for the inconvenience." Lamar shook his head. There it is, he thought. He already knew. He had already been down to the help desk and knew there were no more flight for tonight. He arranged to be on the 9am flight to Atlanta in the morning but he was still hopeful that this one would leave tonight. No such luck.

"Oh well." Lamar said to himself. He pulled out his cell phone to try and find a hotel for the night. He didn't notice the exotic looking woman with the tattered jeans sitting close by and had her eyes on him the whole time.

Cynthia Matthews smirked as she overheard the conversation the handsome young dreadlocked man had with his sweetie. Sucks to be him. She wasn't real happy about the flight cancellation either. But she didn't have anyone waiting for her in Atlanta. No, Cynthia was single. She had been for some time. The last relationship she was in; well, if you want to call it a relationship. Well anyway, it had been close to a year ago when she was seeing someone. All it turned out to be was a friends with benefits situation. Cynthia traveled for her job too much to get emotionally attached to anyone.

But it was okay with her. The airport was a great place to meet guys. Sure it was a sometimes stressful environment but a pretty face is always disarming for a man. Cynthia had met her fair share of lovers servicing or waiting on a flight. She loved her single, jetset life and wouldn't change it for the world.

She was a striking woman. She wasn't tall, only about 5'4 and she was petite at only 110 lbs. But she had smooth dark chocolate skin. Actually, with her big round brown eyes, she looked Indian. She had a very exotic look and it got men's attention.

She decided to make her move. She got up from her seat and moved to a seat closer to Lamar. He finally looked up from his phone and had his breath taken away at the beautiful woman who had just sat down. She pointed to the charging station Lamar had his phone plugged up to and smiled.

"Are you going to be on that a lot longer?" she asked pleasantly.

"Uhhh, no. Actually, my phone is charged now. Here you go." Lamar said, unplugging his phone.

"Thanks." Cynthia said. She plugged her phone up and blew out a sigh of relief. "My phone is just about dead and I have to find a hotel room for tonight. It sucks being stranded at an airport." she continued.

"You were supposed to be on that Atlanta flight too huh?" Lamar asked sympathetically.

"Yeah, but it's okay. I was able to get booked on the 9am flight in the morning. It just has been a long day and I need some rest." Cynthia said. "What are your plans?"

Lamar shrugged his shoulders. "Not sure. I'm trying to find a room around here somewhere close to the airport. If I don't find something soon, I'm just going to curl up here and get some sleep." he said.

"Awww. You're all alone here huh?" Cynthia said with a frown. Her eyes took on a sad look and her full lips pouted. Lamar's dick instantaneously bricked up.

"Yeah, I guess you can say that." he replied, trying to move his hand over his dick to hid the hard-on. Too late. Cynthia's eyes found it and she licked her lips. "I travel a lot for my job so I'm used to doing this alone."

"What kind of work do you do?" Cynthia asked with a flirting smile.

"I'm a photographer for a fashion magazine." Lamar replied.

"Oh wow. You get to meet lots of beautiful women huh?" Cynthia said giggling.

"Yes I do." Lamar said, smiling back and nodding his head.

"I'll bet you had big plans when you got to Atlanta." she said.

"Well, I did but hey..." he said, holding his hands out as if to say, what could he do. "It's Mother Nature." He looked out the window out to the tarmac. It was actually raining sideways. "She can be a beast." he said thoughtfully.

Another huge thunderclap roared from outside and Cynthia jumped. She was not really one to be scared of storms but this one was intense. Lamar observed her discomfort.

"Don't like storms huh?" he asked.

"Not ones like this." she replied.

"I always sleep well when it rains. I guess it's the country boy in me." he said softly.

"Country boy huh? How much of a country boy are you?" Cynthia asked.

"Born and raised in Charlotte NC. Ran around barefoot and everything." Lamar chuckled.

"Mmmhmm." Cynthia nodded. "Big feet, big hands. And I saw what you were trying to hide earlier."

Lamar's mouth formed a big O, giving himself away. "W-what?" he stammered.

Cynthia snickered. "Oh c'mon, don't play shy with me. I heard your conversation with your friend in Atlanta. I know you were looking forward to seeing her." she said and slid her hand onto his thigh. Lamar was still fighting his hard-on. Cynthia looked down at the North Carolina blacksnake struggling to be released.

"It would be a shame to neglect him, now wouldn't it?" Cynthia said, her big dark eyes piercing Lamar's soul. He was now under her spell.

"But what can we do?" he asked softly.

Cynthia smiled at him and said, "Come with me." She stood up and held out her hand for him to take. Lamar looked at her hard at first then stood up and grabbed his overnight bag. He took her hand and they left the gate area.

She said nothing as she led him down the concourse. There was virtually no one around. Lamar figured they were going to leave the airport and go get a hotel room. After walking to the other end of the concourse, Cynthia stopped and faced Lamar. He looked around at the empty area.

"What are we doing here?" he asked.

Cynthia gave him a sly smile. "I'm a flight attendant. I'm in this airport a lot and know places around here. We can have some privacy." she said.

"What's wrong with getting a room for the night? You were going to do that anyway right?" Lamar asked nervously. Even though the airport was empty, he was afraid of running into security.

"This is just the appetizer. The main course will cum later." she said with a giggle and tugged him towards a family bathroom nearby. Lamar was hesitant. "C'mon baby, where's your sense of adventure?" Cynthia asked, dragging him along.

They got to the bathroom and quickly got inside. Cynthia locked the door and turned to Lamar. She smiled and took off her jacket. She had on a fitted white t-shirt and she lifted it off over her shoulders revealing a lacy white bra. Her perky 32C breasts sat up perfectly in her bra and didn't drop a bit as she removed the bra. She shrugged off the tattered jeans and stood before him in her underwear. Lamar's jaw dropped at her beauty. She had a round, plump little ass on her despite her small frame. 

Lamar drooled like the Big Bad Wolf descending upon the Three Little Pigs. The woman was quite the morsel. She came up to him and began to unbutton his shirt. When his chest was exposed, she licked at his nipples and sucked them softly. Lamar moaned softly as his dick bricked up even harder. Cynthia pushed him up against the wall and dropped to her knees. She had a hungry look in her eyes as she undid his jeans and pulled them down. She reached into the opening of his boxer briefs and pulled out his Snickers bar.

"Are you going to give me some of this?" she whispered. Lamar silently nodded yes.

Cynthia closed her eyes and began to enjoy her chocolate treat. She sucked in his dickhead, letting her saliva wash all over it. She didn't suck it any deeper. She just licked and sucked on that Tootsie Roll pop all over, trying to get to the center of it. She moaned at its deliciousness.

"Mmm, yummy." she moaned as she sucked.

Lamar had his eyes clenched hard as he struggled to think of something else besides how good his dickhead felt in her hot wet mouth. He was so close to blasting off in it. He finally pushed her head off of his dick and stood her up. He made her turn around and get down on her knees again. He pushed her over into a doggy-style position. Cynthia looked back at him as she submitted to his will.

Lamar shook his head. "No, I'm not going to fuck you. Not here. I need a soft bed. I want to enjoy you the right way. But I do want to taste you." he said. He got down and spread open her bouncy cheeks. Cynthia's twitching pussy was shaved bare and was ready for his touch. Lamar pushed his tongue deep into her crack, probing her anal opening. Cynthia cried out in pleasant surprise. Lamar licked up and down her slit, slurping up the dripping juices from her lovepie. He flickered his tongue across her swollen clit and Cynthia's body quaked in orgasm.

"Unnnnngggghhh!!" she cried out, sticking her ass out farther for him. Lamar's tongue danced inside her sugarwalls as it it probed and searched. He sucked in her labia and swirled the sweet flesh around in his mouth. He then softly penetrated her puckered anus with his thumb. Cynthia lost it. She didn't scream loud but she did let out a good yelp. They both stood stock still as they listened to see if anyone heard her. Finally, after a few minutes, they relaxed and giggled about it.

They looked at each other then got up and dressed. When they were ready, Lamar opened the bathroom door and peeked out. The coast was clear and they came out. Bags in tow, they made their way to the ground terminal were they caught a cab. A Holiday Inn was only 10 mins away. Lamar booked a room and scooped up the keys.

Once they got to their room, Cynthia wanted to take a shower. Lamar watched her as she undressed again and went into the bathroom. He smiled and got undressed then flopped down on the bed. He put his hands behind his head, his dick stiffening and laying across his thigh. He had completely forgotten about his friend Sydney in Atlanta.

The bathroom door opened and Cynthia walked out seductively. She had just toweled off and put on some cocoa butter oil. The overhead light hit her body perfectly and glimmered off of it. Lamar could smell her womanly scent mixing in with the coco.

"By the way..." she said as she crawled onto the bed and nuzzled up between Lamar's thighs. She took his dick and began to lick up and down the shaft. She gave his nuts a loving suck then looked up at him. "My name is Cynthia. It's nice to meet you." She went back to sucking on his nuts.

Lamar had thrown his head back and opened his legs wider for her to access him. "It is VERY nice to meet you too, Ms. Cynthia. My name is Lamar." he breathed.

Cynthia's long eyelashes fluttered as she closed her eyes and sucked on Lamar's smoothly shaven nuts. She then slurped up and down his shaft again before taking his dickhead into her mouth. He was pretty well endowed and thick so she couldn't deepthroat him. But she would use her mouth to pleasure him in other ways. Her tongue snaked down towards his anus and she lightly licked around the turgid opening. She savored his musky man-scent. She licked and sucked along his hole then started back up his nuts, gently slobbering over them. She sat up and caressed his prostate with her finger.

"Does that feel good baby?" she asked. Lamar was too busy moaning to answer her. She moved back to his dickhead and took it into her mouth. She devoured as much of his dick as she could and sucked greedily. Lamar reached down and ran his hand through her hair. He gently jacked her head up and down on his dick, feeding her. Cynthia moaned loudly. Lamar sat up and got on his knees. He took her head by the hair and leaned back slightly. He guided her head down to his dick and began to feed her again. Cynthia sucked sloppily on his throbbing member.

Lamar loved how she sucked but he wanted her pussy. He roughly pushed her head off of his dick and turned her around. He pulled her up onto her knees and pressed her chest down onto the bed. He spanked her jiggling butt cheek and squeezed it lovingly. Although her pussy was sopping wet and ready, he leaned down and dropped a dollop of saliva onto her wanton opening. He then rubbed his dickhead up and down it, slightly pressing in. Cynthia felt herself opening up and his missile penetrating her. She moaned louder as he entered her. Lamar got his head in a good bit and pushed it in and out of her, going deeper and deeper with each thrust.

"Oooooooooh SHIT!!" Cynthia cried out as he developed a rhythm with his strokes. She began to buck back on him to meet his thrust.

"Dayum..." Lamar breathed as he watched his little filly fuck him back like a beast. The girl going in hard on him and taking the dick like a champ. Her hot wet walls massaged his shaft, trying to milk his seed from him.

"Dayum baby, oooooo shit!! Fuck me!! Don't be scared!! POUND ME!!" she screamed. Lamar grabbed her hips and did as she commanded. He increased his tempo and her booty cheeks danced as they banged against his pelvis. His heavy nuts slapped against her clit and Cynthia howled in delight.

"Baby, can I ride it? Pleeeaassseee?" she pleaded. Lamar stopped and withdrew himself. He lay down on the bed against the headboard and held his dick up so she could mount him. Cynthia climbed aboard and inched herself down on his shaft. Her eyes rolled back into her head as her sugarwalls collapsed around his dick. She began to cream all over his nuts.

"Ooooooooh." she moaned, sucking in her breath. She rotated her hips as she rode him, her pussy corkscrewing down on his dick.

"Fuuuuuck!!" Now it was Lamar's turn to moan as she laid her own brand of the Kama Sutra on him. He knew he was going to cum soon because he felt it brewing in his nuts.

"Oh baby, I don't think I can hold out any longer. I'm about to explode!!" Lamar cried out.

"Ooooh shit, give it to me baby. Give me that hot cum!!" Cynthia screamed and jumped off of his dick. She got down and began to suck up and down along his shaft, jerking him off in the process. She then started to suck on his dickhead and that pushed Lamar over the edge. He felt his face muscles twist and lock up as he began to blast his load.

Cynthia felt the first spurt in her mouth and she came off of the dick and sucked underneath the head. His cum spurted all up in the air and rained down on her face. She wallowed his dickhead all along her mouth and her cheeks as Lamar continued to spurt gob after gob of hot nut.

Lamar finally regain control of his body. It felt as if every muscle in his lower body had contracted and was slowly releasing. He was drained. Cynthia sat back and rubbed the cum on her face into her skin like a lotion. Lamar smiled weakly at her.

"Beauty secret? Keeps that youthful look huh?" he asked jokingly.

Cynthia grinned. "Some things you just don't tell anyone." she said with a wink and lay down beside him. They laughed then cuddled up on the bed to get some sleep before their flight home.

END