 I haven't posted anything in a while but really wanted to share the following true account and then followed by a story spin-off (his and hers style). Please keep in mind, I was dared to do the following and this is my telling of the true events:

So, on Wednesday I finally got a chance to publicly stimulate myself (had to build up courage). Arrived at conference room, acquainted myself with the other delegates and proceeded to the ladies room. Have to say, I felt so naughty while fitting the butterfly and hearing other people coming and going. Now, first problem I encountered was what to do with the remote, normally my partner will keep and control it but not knowing anyone here intimately; I had to make a plan very fast. I was dressed in jeans, boots, camisole top and tailored jacket with no pockets. Jean pockets will show the bulge and controlling speed would be a bit difficult. Camel-toe would also be non-existent because butterfly would fill that gap, I just prayed that no-one noticed or mistook me for a cross dresser. 

Hiding the remote up my sleeve, I joined the other delegates and still puzzled as to where to hide the remote. We entered the room and I proceeded to the row with the least persons. Sitting alone gave me some fun time alone but I had to present financials in two hours' time. Buzzing myself to bliss and trying to concentrate was really difficult, so I chose the path of least resistance and just pleasured myself although I did not cum, I was saving that for my presentation. I had to change batteries because a nearly two hour long vibrating session really taps the juice. 

My turn to present, I took my files (remote hidden within) and tablet and stationed myself at the podium. Techie hooked me up to projector and I started my presentation. Public speaking does not bother me but just the thought of what I was about to do, had me stuttering. I got my groove on and figures appeared overhead while I was hopefully making sense. Then... the moment of truth, I reached for my closed file, blindly searching for the remote and I started it slow. Luckily I was on a raised platform with no-one near who could hear the ruckus. I squirmed while delegates were debating some of the figures and almost immediately calmness came over me. You know when you are nervous and people say that you have to imagine everybody naked? Well, I did not do that but just knowing what I was doing was calming me and I am sure my eyes were sparkling which made my presentation a success. I could feel cum dripping down my leg and hoped it would not show through my jeans but at that stage I did not really care. I kept the speed low because going faster would have me screaming at that stage. My pussy was really hurting and I desperately needed to cum. I have to confess, I did not cum on stage, my gyrations would have had everybody thinking I was having an epileptic seizure and I did not need anybody investigating my plight.

I finished my financials, ran to the ladies room, pulled down my jeans and pressed the butterfly tighter to my clit and nearly broke speed records and the sound barrier while buzzing at top speed and biting my hand. I had the longest and most intense orgasm ever; it felt like I was being ripped apart. I had to wait a couple of minutes before my legs were firm enough to stand on before going back. My legs were still shaking for about another half hour and goose flesh was making my nipples very prominent and I suppose that most people noticed. One of the other women delegates approached me and asked me if I enjoyed presenting to which I replied; it was amazing. She grinned, winked at me and said; it must have been because I heard the aftermath in the bathroom. At that stage I was just hoping for an asteroid to hit the spot I was cringing in but she leaned closer and whispered; don't be embarrassed, you have to tell me how and what you did because I am presenting tomorrow and I need some of that calm of yours.  

I swear, it was the most humiliating moment of my life but I did eventually tell her what I did. If she got a hold of a butterfly so quickly, I wouldn't know because I attended another session in a different location the next day but I hope it went well for her. Next conference will surely be a blast if I see her again.

Will I ever do it again? Sure but don't know if I will ever have the courage to cum on stage.

Hope you enjoyed my earth shattering although embarrassing edging and explosive cum session.

Almost True -- Spin-off

Him:

After hearing about your butterfly vibe adventure, I decided that I HAD to attend your next meeting! So, after a few phone calls (including one to let you know I'd be in attendance tomorrow), a nearly sleepless night, a limo ride, a plane trip, a taxi, and finally a few flights of stairs, I arrived at the location of the next meeting. I was overwhelmed with nervous excitement as I watched you enter the boardroom, sit down at the head of the table, and start your presentation. I think you were saying something about projections, quarterly something-or-other, positive feedback... well; obviously I was a little distracted. You see, I wasn't watching you from a seat at the table like the other participants, I was underneath the table! It was unlikely that I'd be discovered due to the generous width of the boardroom table, and although I was concerned about that eventuality, it wasn't what had my heart beating quickly. I was on my hands and knees, admiring your bare legs, and dreaming of what was concealed under that sexy black skirt of yours.

It was time to put my plan into action. I slowly crawled forward, making sure to lift my limbs high so that they wouldn't rub on the carpet and give me away. What the hell am I doing? I thought to myself, but there was no going back now. I was now within arm's reach of you, and my heart was just pounding! Much of its pumping was apparently devoted to inflating my now very swollen member. Fuck, was I ever hard and utterly consumed with desire for you! I wasted no time carefully reaching out to softly touch your calf. You immediately broke off your sentence, and I felt you stiffen up - my heart leapt into my throat.

Oh fuck, this was such a stupid idea! I'm absolutely fucking screwed now! Seconds were stretched out to minutes - the uncomfortable moment seemed to last forever, and my mind raced. What's she going to do? There's a space over there that I could squeeze through - should I just bolt? Man, her skin feels so amazing! Finally you cleared your throat and then resumed talking once more, and I barely managed to suppress a sigh of relief.

A moment later, I had regained my composure, and began exploring up your leg, then slowly slid my hand between your soft thighs. I finally saw a clear response as your curling toes caused your knees to move upwards and together, and then about two seconds later, gloriously, you partially parted your legs for me. Emboldened, I intensified my exploration, rubbing up your inner thigh, while thinking to myself; wouldn't it be wonderful to get her perspective on the events that are unfolding?

Her:

"Uhmm..ahhh...Yes, I was explaining about the new pressure regulations and new statutory......" Fuck, I hope I'm making sense! He said that he would be here today and now someone or something is brushing up against my leg. Is it him, I damn well hope so...? I feel his feather light touch running up against my inner thigh, clamping my legs shut, I decide, what the hell. Slowly parting my thighs, I feel his touch become more insistent, almost as if he had a mission and I was his sole target. I feel myself creaming, little spurts of joy anticipating the conclusion of this daring affair. His knuckles skim over my garters, higher, higher flitting over my lace covered labia and I sub-consciously hear myself stammer. Get a grip, world hunger can become a thing of the past if you manage to convince the group of delegates in front of you. Signalling the IT guy, I indicated that he should start the fiscal projection slides and play the DVD right after.

Snap! I feel the bite of the first fastener of the garter belt hit my leg, the rest follow in the same almost kinky but not too painful fashion. My breath hitch and I start trembling in nervous anticipation. Fingers stroke over my covered labia and I shuffle my skirt up so that I can open my legs even further. Will he, I hope, fuck, just touch me already! His fingers pull my panties to the side, opening my swollen wet lips for his viewing pleasure and I can smell my own need. He starts strumming my clit and sitting still has become my main concern. His thumb press down on my clit while two of his fingers find my opening and I melt. Slowly fucking his fingers into my wet pussy and thumbing my clit, I feel his other hand reach up to my outer thigh. Tugging slowly, he moves my lower body forward on the chair and insinuates his upper body between my legs. I can hear the sucking sound my pussy makes every time he pulls his fingers out and it drives me insane with hunger, hunger for his fingers, his mouth, his body and most of all, his thick juicy cock. I nearly scream in frustration when he pulls his fingers out and leave me panting.

Did a day just go by or maybe just a second, who the fuck cares, and then I felt his warm breath blow over my steaming cunt. Goosebumps attack my already super sensitive body and I hold my breath.... Wishing, hoping, needing, wanting, words that so aptly describe my state of mind but fail to translate. I feel the moist tip of his tongue lick between my puffy lips and his mouth closes over my pussy and suck, hard and deep and I almost cum but sheer will forces me to hold back. My pussy hurts, badly, not the romantic kind of hurt in books, it fucking hurts! It feels like something very thick was forced into my canal and left there, the only remedy is too cum and to cum hard but I don't. I wait. I can only think that this hurt inside might equal blue balls and I grin wickedly to myself because I know that you are suffering too...

Him:

Having my lips wrapped around your swollen clit was so intense! I had been fantasizing about this moment for days, and living it was better than I had ever dreamed it would be. I felt you twitching slightly as I sucked the whole shaft of your clit, pulling it into my mouth and cradling it with my tongue. The DVD playing above the table seemed to drown out the wet kissing sounds for everyone but the two of us, but I was almost beyond caring at this point. In a way, I'm surprised that I didn't jump out from under the table right then and plunge my cock into you.

I lowered my mouth to engulf more of your labia in order to savor your delicious juices - it seemed like the more I tasted, the more I wanted, I just couldn't get enough! I massaged the opening of your pussy and then slid a finger up into my mouth to briefly join the dance of my tongue on your clit, before gliding my fingers down your soaked slit once more. I circled the entrance of your vagina with two fingers before finally pushing them deep inside you. I was amazed at how much your pussy gushed, as my lips and tongue ravaged your clit, and I felt your muscles clenching down on my fingers.

The taste of your pussy and the feeling of your velvety folds in my mouth was driving me absolutely wild! It was too much! Making sure that I didn't moan was a considerable effort. My throbbing cock was now begging, pleading to be buried deep inside you, but the meeting didn't appear to be finishing anytime in the near future! I couldn't take it anymore, I needed your pussy, and I needed it right now. The closest I could manage was a hand coated in your abundant pussy cream, so I grabbed my bulging cock and fucked my well-lubricated hand as hard as I could, while I continued to suck and lap at your sweet little clit. With my other hand, I inserted two fingers into your hungry pussy, curled them and began rubbing the roof of your pussy in time with my thrusts. I saw your hands drop down to grip the chair in an attempt to steady yourself, but it seemed to be a losing battle - you were visibly squirming now! Suddenly you pushed your hips into my face, and your pussy clenched down repeatedly around my fingers as you came hard, but that was a quickly followed by a big surprise - a loud moan escaped your lips: "Mmmmmmm!"

It was an 'Oh shit' moment for both of us, and we both went still. I was as if I was paralyzed - I couldn't even breathe. "Is anyone else famished? Let's take an early break for lunch." I heard you say from above, and the DVD was switched off. You brilliant woman! Fantastic cover! I thought to myself.

It didn't take long for people to start shuffling out the door, and I was literally shaking with anticipation. To me, it was almost like the people were not just leaving the room, they were the final members of the human race now leaving world forever, and we were about to fuck like we were the last two people in existence. I watched the last pair of shoes tromp out, and the click of you closing the soundproofed door was in my mind a thunderous crack - a starter's pistol or a bolt of lightning signalling that I finally had you all to myself. I vaulted out from under the table, pinned your arms to the boardroom wall, and slammed my cock deep into you in one fluid motion.

Her:

I screamed! Pure unadulterated lust was being fucked into my throbbing pussy, hard, deep and unending. The only thing I could do was just to hang on and pray that you never stop. I inched my legs further apart, reached down with one hand and encircled your thick cock where it joined my pussy and squeezed. You groaned and started moving slower inside of me, the new sensation of my hand and pussy gripping you was almost too much and I pleaded with you; "Please don't cum baby, not yet". You pushed into me hard, keeping your cock deep while I swivelled my hips and contracted my pussy muscles. I hear you hiss and mumble nonsense about pussies and death, hopefully you are referring to La Petit Mort and not measuring me for a coffin but at this stage, I do not really care as long as you don't stop fucking me. I release your cock and slowly start reeling in your balls, pulling softly but insistently with my hand until I had a good grip. I start moving my body, side to side and up and down while holding you still with my hand. We are both so near and the delegates will return soon but we don't want it to end. 

I let go of your balls, drag my fingers through our combined juices and licked my fingers clean. I glance over my shoulder and you whisper; "give me a taste honey, I am so thirsty". I suck two fingers into my mouth; pull them out slowly and gathered some of our juices for you. You greedily suck and start pumping into me again, I won't last long and I don't think you will either. Grabbing hold of my hips, you fuck hard and deep, my fingers move down to my clit and I can feel my orgasm building. Your voice is hoarse and your breathing thunders in my ear. You pull me back against you, turn my head and kiss me while our world explodes. You swallow my scream and hold me tight; your strength is the only thing keeping us standing while I just want to succumb and fade into vapour. You gently shake me, bringing me back to reality and I sigh, a deep, gut wrenching dose of reality which I want to ignore. I can feel you slowly slipping from my pussy and I swallow a sob, I want to keep you inside of me, forever but life has a nasty way of intruding when we least want it to.

I turn around; succumbing to the craving of tasting us on your cock and lovingly lick and suck you clean. We taste spicy, salty and oh so fucking hot, I can't get enough and I feel you hardening again. Is there time, I think to myself all while slurping you deep and watching your eyes turn stormy and dark? My pussy contracts and I know I have to cum again but this time we'll take our time, worshipping each other's bodies as it should and the rest be damned. I have never felt this kind of need, my throbbing pussy is not hurting anymore but it spasms, not orgasming, almost as if it is looking for something to grasp and never let go. You push deeper into my mouth and we hear the fiddling of the door knob. You swear loudly and I smile around your cock, still buried deep inside my mouth... "Oh Kyle, please....."

Him:

The banging on the door was getting more insistent but I wasn't taking my dick out of your mouth, and that's all there was to it! An idea came to mind, not a particularly wise one perhaps, but the only one I could think of that would buy us some time. "Follow me..." I whispered with a crooked grin, and began slowly walking backward, guiding you with a hand on your arm. I didn't think I could possibly get any more turned on, but the sight of you crawling on your hands and knees, refusing to stop sucking my super-sensitive organ even for one moment made me want you even more. My legs started trembling from the attention you were giving me, and I had to stop walking, but I thought if I could just reach it... I blindly fumbled backward along the wall with my hand, found what I had been looking for, and pulled. You were so focused on your craft that you didn't even jump or even pause as the loud drone of the fire alarm filled the building. As I had hoped, the banging on the door stopped and I returned my full attention to you.

Ohhh my cock sucking goddess, the magic you wielded with your mouth overwhelmed my senses! Your tongue gripped the entire underside of my shaft, trapping the head of my cock against the roof of your mouth. You grabbed my ass with both hands and repeatedly pulled yourself onto me, the head of my pulsing cock racing along the roof of your mouth before plunging down your throat, then retreating once more. I was lost. The pressure... ohhh the warmth... so intense... I couldn't speak, see anything, or even remember where we were. My stream of consciousness went silent, and all that was left was the animal inside me - and there was only one thing it wanted at that very moment. You seemed to sense my need, but chose to toy with me a bit first. Withdrawing my cock from your hungry mouth was a bit of a battle, one we both seemed to enjoy, but eventually you let my cock slip from your mouth.

I immediately lifted you up, spun you around, shoved my cock hard into your cunt from behind while you were still in mid-air, then lowered you down and bent you over the boardroom table. As I pounded your pussy with every ounce of my strength, your cum and mine spilled out of you. It poured thickly down my balls, and they in turn slapped it on your clit with each mighty thrust. Your magnificent pussy grasped my cock as if you needed it for your very survival. You wriggled underneath me, and I knew you were close, as my own orgasm welled up inside me. It seemed like we fucked like this for ages, keeping each other right on the brink, and relishing every moment of our union - every moan, every drop of sweat, every frenzied caress of skin, every relentless thrust of my rock-hard cock into your perfectly tight hole.

Suddenly, the shock-wave hit us both, and we were no longer two bodies, but one. Energy surged forth from our loins, filling us completely, and every cell in our bodies united in the purest pleasure. It seemed like the whole building shook as our entwined bodies writhed uncontrollably from head to toe, your spasming pussy milking my shaft, coaxing stream after unending stream of cum to shoot forcefully into the depths of your womb. The sound of the fire alarm was drowned out by our lust-filled screams of pure ecstasy. It seemed to go on forever, but finally both our orgasms subsided, and we crumpled to the floor.

My cock remained buried right to the hilt in your still-clenching pussy, my glans was completely immersed in the sea of cum within you. I didn't want to move, but the fire alarm was getting hard to ignore. I reluctantly withdrew my shrinking cock, and turned you over to feast my eyes on you one more time before we had to leave the building. You were quite a sight to see - covered in sweat, our intermingling juices slowly flowing out from between your labia to pool on the carpet below, and the biggest sleepy smile on your face.
