 Author's Note: This is the third part of the 'New Playmate' series, following:

Part One

Part Two

*************

1

"Jonny," she said softly, "I want you to do something for me."

"Anything," he said, "I'd do anything for you, Frannie."

She said, "I want it to be you, Jonny, you are so amazing and...and I've never felt this way about anyone before...Jonny...will you take my virginity?"

An adrenaline explosion detonated inside Jonathan's chest. Lying there in the semi-darkness with the most beautiful girl he'd ever met snuggling up to his naked body, they were about to start something that would form a bond between them stronger than anything he'd felt before. His body trembled a little in anticipation. 

"Jonny?" she broke his contemplative silence.

"Are you sure about this?"

"Yes," she whispered. "Jonny...please don't freak out...but I think I've fallen in love with you. I...I ..."

Suddenly her voice was filled with worry: perhaps she shouldn't have said that – after all, she'd only met him the day before. And that was as part of a group of four girls who had been fooling around with him sexually all day – what if he wasn't the type to go for just one girl at a time? What if he thought she was a freak for declaring her love for him after having known him only a few hours? Before the group session the previous day, he'd been having liaisons with the daughter of his father's new fiancée – what if he loved her instead? Had she spoiled things with her inexperienced outburst?

But he didn't freak out, he didn't break away from her and tell her to leave. Quietly, he leaned into her and kissed her mouth, and the passion erupted between them. On that small single bed in his bedroom, with the bedside clock radio indicating an inhuman hour, the warm bloom of love opened up between them.

"You're not...angry?" she asked as they at last broke up, completely breathless from the long embrace.

"Why would I be?" he smiled, "the girl I love has fallen for me."

For a moment, she misunderstood him, and the cold hand of hurt enclosed around her heart. But then she realised what he meant, and that brutal chill turned to burning fire within her.

"Oh, Jonny..." she kissed him. "You're so sweet...can we do it, then? Will you make love to me?"

"All in good time," he said, "we have hours until my Dad wakes up."

Lying on their sides, they kissed again, and while one of Jonathan's hands drifted over Francesca's petite curves, he felt one of her delicate little hands sweep over his burning skin, down between his legs to fondle his rigid penis. 

"Do you always sleep naked?" she asked, the grin on her face as exquisite as any of Michelangelo's creations. 

"Most of the time," he replied, sharing her smile.

"Mmm..." she began stroking his hardness, "I'm going to have to sleep with you more often, then."

"I can't wait," he beamed, and kissed her again, leaving his eyes open to savour her pretty face in its frame of golden hair. He rolled her slightly so that she lay on her back, and his free hand wandered over to her small but well-formed breasts covered by her white cotton nightshirt. 

Gently, he took her bottom lip into his mouth as his fingers found her nipples hardening through the thin fabric of the nightshirt. She moaned as he began to pinch her stiffening buds, and her own pleasure led her to grip his shaft tightly within her fingers. 

Jonathan couldn't help letting out a low moan as she began to squeeze his shaft, and this obvious sign of pleasure filled Francesca with happiness. She was making him feel wonderful, and that was proof. His hands drifted down her body, and onto her thighs, parting her legs to gain access to her treasure trove. She let out a bliss-filled sigh as his gentle fingers swept up underneath her thin cotton nightshirt and brushed over her warm, smooth mound and then skirted around her moistened slit, teasing her slightly with their proximity to her aching need. 

But he didn't quell her desire just yet. He broke away from their kiss, and gently pulled up her nightshirt, and she helped him remove it from around her head. Entirely naked before her first love, Francesca trembled a little with unbridled craving and exhilarated anticipation. Jonny smiled at her lovingly, adoring the sight of her nudity in the low light – her exquisitely pretty face framed by her long fair hair, her delicate neck, her sweet breasts peaked by hard, dark little nipples, her even stomach sweeping down to the irresistible rise and fall over her shaven mound into the succulent, glistening pink tenderness of her virginal pussy.

She couldn't help but smile in return, adoring his attention, loving the flattering praise his silent gaze lavished upon her. He kissed her softly, and as he climbed between her firm thighs, a burst of adrenaline surged into her stomach as she thought to herself that this was finally it: the big moment.

But it wasn't. 

His hard cock briefly brushed down over her yearning sensitivity, but there was no pressure down there. He wasn't going to penetrate her just yet. His mouth dropped down her neck, planting subtle kisses down her soft skin as his warm palms enclosed her breasts. She felt his fingers tighten around her erect nipples and pulsations of pleasure ignited from her receptive buds. Slowly, his mouth reached down over her chest and around her cleavage before heading to replace his fingers. She moaned again as the intense heat of his mouth enveloped first one, and then the other nipple, before his rough tongue and soft lips began to administer sensational textures upon her.

She reached down for his hardness, but could not stretch that far, and instead she could only alleviate her fervent want by pushing her hips up and grinding her wetness against his stomach. It wasn't quite enough for her to hit orgasm, but the texture of the soft hairs on his tummy grinding against her pussy as he sucked and pinched her nipples was quite overwhelming. Jonny was slightly worried that the two of them would be overheard, but now was not the time for concerns like that.

When she felt as though she could take no more of this, having reached an exhilarating plateau but without hope of reaching the peak, her hopes began to rise again as he shifted away from her breasts. Was he going to penetrate her now? Was it time?

No, not yet. She was going to be a pulsating wreck, saturated by her craving by the time he would get round to fulfilling her wish. She hoped she could stand it.

But though he wasn't going to push inside her right now, he kissed his way down her stomach in circles, getting steadily closer to her mound, and a realisation dawned on her at another possibility ahead for her. He kissed around her waist, down her abdomen and fringed her smooth pubis. He spread her legs wide apart and his mouth wandered around her inner thighs before seeming to give in to her wishes, creeping steadily to the focus of her need.

Time seemed to slow down as he kissed around her mound and along the thin band of hot flesh adjacent to her outer labia. She found herself calming down a little as he took his time, and then when it began, she didn't just suddenly explode into a wasteful first climax. He seemed to be able to read her like a book, judging from her body language at what stage she was in her journey to the heavens. Like a virtuoso conductor, he was making her perform at the perfect rate, timing her flourishes of feeling to get the very best out of her.

When the intensity of his mouth reached her vagina, it was as though he suddenly turned on a switch within her to make her come alive. Electricity rippled through her body as his lips crawled along her labia and he tasted her juices. Heat saturated her vagina as he pressed his mouth down onto her, delving the heavenly texture of his tongue down into her wetness, his nose nudging into her clitoris. 

She screamed, but stifled her scream with the realisation that they were not in a completely safe environment. With her hands behind her head, she concentrated on keeping as silent as possible, though it was difficult with such incredible sensations surging around her system. 

Jonathan was like a magician with his mouth, each time pulling a new pleasure out of his hat, never the same kind of friction between him and her pussy, an ever-changing host of wonders that ignited more and more fire between her thighs. For an age and a day, she lay on the brink of a ground-shaking orgasm, but each time she felt herself beginning to go, he paused, bringing her back, seeming to have an intimate knowledge of just where her limits lay. 

He lapped up her copious flow of nectar, seeming to enjoy just as much as she was. But just as she thought she was going to go insane from it all, he broke away, lifting his body up between her legs.

"Ready?" he asked her.

"Oh Jonny..." was all she could breathlessly say for a moment. 

"Are you sure about this?"

"Jonny...please...take me," she breathed, and as he nodded his consent to do as she asked, an explosion of excitement detonated inside her stomach.

Carefully, he positioned his penis at the gate of her womanhood. He gazed into her eyes as he prepared to penetrate her, and she hoped that it would not hurt too much. She just wanted that pain to be over so that they could move on and really fulfil their commitment to each other. 

His cock felt enormous between her legs, making her a little concerned, but there was no way back now. He had built up her desire to such a colossal extent that there was simply no possibility of turning away from this. She seemed to stretch as he pushed into her, and then there was a sudden jolt of pain making her wince. But in a flash, that pain seemed to blend into the overwhelming environment of pleasure that Jonathan had constructed in her body, and though still there, underlying her feelings, it mixed with her ecstasy to become exquisite, like an immense sneeze.

And he was inside her. His beautiful, massive, powerful cock filled her entirely, reaching a depth that had never been reached before, opening a whole new empire of sensation within her. Such was the level of euphoria in her body that it took only a few strokes of his shaft to set her on a rocket to the stars, but as well as he had earlier controlled her, so now he controlled himself and came with hot spurts of seed deep inside her as her own orgasm engulfed her, causing her tight, newly-deflowered sex to quiver around his throbbing hardness.

After getting their breaths back, they lay there, spooned together. Jonathan held Francesca tightly, his slumbering penis wedged against her soft behind, and for a moment they just lay there, in contemplative silence.

"How are you feeling?" he asked her at last.

"A little sore," she said, "but that doesn't bother me. Jonny, I love you – I really do."

He kissed the back of her neck softly. "I love you, too," he whispered into her ear and she smiled, reaching round to pull him closer to her.

"That was the most incredible experience of my life," she said. "You are such an amazing person."

"It did help that I happened to be with the most beautiful creature ever to walk the face of the earth," he said, kissing her cheek.

And as exhaustion won the battle over their tired bodies, they drifted off to sleep, satisfied smiles plastered over both of their faces.

2

In the morning, Jonathan was roused into semi-consciousness by a light knock on his bedroom door. For a moment, he just smiled, and wondered who it could be. Then, suddenly, he sat bolt upright, shocked with the possibility that it was his father about to catch him in bed with one of Lucy's school friends.

But the door slipped open and it was Lucy at the door, the daughter of his father's new fiancée, not his father himself. Relief surged through his system.

Lucy smiled, "thought I was your father?"

"Yeah," he admitted as she entered the room, dressed only in a thin t-shirt and a scanty pair of white cotton panties.

"Well next time, it might be him, so you'd better watch out," she warned. Beside Jonathan, Francesca woke up, stretching the sleep out of her delicate form. "You'd better come with me back to my room, Frannie," Lucy urged her. "You can always come back later when the coast is clear."

"Hmm..." she sighed sleepily, not wanting to leave the warm contact with Jonathan's body.

Lucy grinned and looked at the pair of them. "Jonny, Jonny," she said wistfully, "no sooner do I drag you from sexual exile, do you run off with a pretty blonde classmate of mine..."

Francesca grinned like a Cheshire cat, and hugged him, planting a kiss on his shoulder.

"Sorry," he said to Lucy, not really knowing what he should say.

"Ah well..." she said, showing that she wasn't seriously put out, and was actually happy that he had fallen in love with Francesca. "...I knew it couldn't last between us," she said melodramatically, backing away towards the door again. Jonathan still had to force himself not to stare at her panties, though – she was a very attractive girl, particularly wearing just a t-shirt and underwear. 

"I'm really happy you guys have got together," she said, "you're perfect for each other."

Jonathan and Francesca smiled at each other.

"But," Lucy said, her grin sinking into a serious expression as she focussed on Jonathan, "I'm disappointed that I've now lost your sexual services for the rest of the vacation, Buster." She turned to Francesca briefly before leaving. "Don't be long, Princess," she said, "or else you'll be caught."

And she was gone.

"Morning, sweetie," Francesca whispered into his ear as when they were alone again, and he felt her fingers close around his hardening penis.

"Mmm..." he moaned, "you sleep well?"

"Never better," she smiled, "never better in my whole life."

He kissed her, and her hand coaxed his cock into full rigidity.

"You don't have to stop seeing Lucy, you know," she said suddenly. "I wouldn't want to come between the two of you..."

"Don't be ridiculous," he grinned, "you know I could never even think about being with anyone else now that I have you."

"I saw the way that you were looking at her."

"She was standing right in front of me in just her panties," he protested, "I couldn't help but see."

"And you reacted downstairs, didn't you?" she smiled, and kissed his cheek.

"You were holding me," he complained.

"Hmm...I suppose so."

"I do love you, Frannie," he said, "but right now you really do have to go."

"Okay, okay," she said, "I'm going."

She dived under the bedclothes then, and for a moment, Jonathan couldn't understand what she was doing. Then, his cock was suddenly engulfed by the intense wet heat of her mouth. He let out a long, low growl of pleasure, and as her tongue swirled around his sensitive helmet and her cheeks pressed against his shaft as she sucked his manhood, it wasn't long until he emptied into her burning mouth.

"Mmm," she grinned, standing up at the end of the bed and hastily throwing on her clothes. "It's going to be a good day today."

As she departed, Jonathan just lay there, a lazy smile spread across his mouth. Though he felt physically drained, he had never been happier. He felt truly complete. 

Down the corridor, he heard the girls giggling, and wondered what they were talking about. Doubtless they were asking Francesca all about the previous night. He shrugged, dismissing any worries that might have crept into his brain: he had nothing to be embarrassed about. 

Exhausted yet fulfilled, he drifted off to sleep again.

"Jonny," the voice raised him from sleep, bursting his misty dreams of a pretty little blonde. He yawned and rubbed his eyes. "Jonny, you awake?" It was his father.

"Yeah," he said, yawning again. His father was at the door. 

"I'm off to work," his father said. 

"Oh, right." Jonathan felt something stirring between his legs. He'd soon be with Francesca again.

"You will remember to look after Lucy's friends, while they're here, won't you?"

"Yeah, Dad."

"Okay, then. Keep out of trouble, Jonny," his dad winked, the sort of wink that said that he was fairly certain that Jonathan didn't even know how to get in trouble.

"I won't, Dad."

"Right. I'll see you later, then."

"'bye."

3

The front door slammed downstairs, and Jonathan was, once again, free from parental supervision. He shivered a little from the excitement burning deep inside his body. Alone to spend as long with Francesca as they wanted. 

He got out of bed, and his cock was already swelling at the thought of the sweet blonde he'd spent the night with. It had been so wonderful: melting into her kiss, the soft warmth of her mouth, the supple curves that were so perfect for reaching around and holding, as though she had been made just for him. 

As he stumbled sleepily into the bathroom, he had the urge to hold his hardened cock, to massage it with the memories still racing around his brain. But he held himself back as he turned on the hot shower and stepped under the invigorating water. No point in licking the bowl if the whole cake was ready and waiting for him to indulge.

But as he was coating his skin in slippery soap, he felt a couple of arms reach around him. 

"Hey, gorgeous!" she greeted him with a kiss on the back of his neck, and her hands swept round to clutch his rising shaft. 

He stood there a moment, letting her run her hands over his sensitivity, his hardness throbbing in her tight grip, responding to her stimulation. She squeezed her body against him – naked, then, but then of course she was – they were both under the steaming stream of water now. Even over the smell of the soap he'd been applying to his skin, he could detect her sweet vanilla scent, and it drove him wild. 

He turned, needing to hold her, to kiss her mouth, to touch her exquisite body. His hands went to her soft little breasts. Her hands began to fondle him, but it wasn't long before she was reaching up to hold his head, to kiss him passionately and press herself against him, crushing his huge, blistering hot manhood against her sensitive skin.

They kissed, luxuriating in the velvety friction of their lips and tongues dancing under the flowing water. He coaxed her nipples even as she gyrated her hips to coax his erection with her body. Their moans were hidden by the pitter-patter of the water hitting the shower floor.

And then she broke apart. "Jonny," she said, a pleading expression in her face, "I have an itch – will you sort it out for me?"

He smiled at her. "Where is it?"

She turned around and leaned forward, supporting herself by pressing her palms against the white shower tiles. "Well," she said, "I'll give you a clue. It's somewhere really hot and very, very wet."

"Hmm," he said, laying his hands down on her cute behind. "Somewhere near here?"

"Near," she said.

He moved his hands down to her thighs. "Getting warmer?"

"A little," she said, and then his hands moved up to explore between her legs, "oooh," she moaned as his fingers brushed her slippery pussy lips, "now you're getting very warm."

He stepped forward a little, nudging his hard cock up to her entrance.

"Warmer..." she said as he entered her gently, sliding his rigid heat inside her sublime tightness, "oh, that's just where it is!" And he filled her completely, leaning forward to envelope her body in his arms as he slowly withdrew, then glided back inside her, pressing the soft helmet of his hard cock against her cervix, rubbing it against her g-spot as he moved within her.

Reaching around her as they moved together, he found her clitoris and began to fondle it, coating it in her juices. The sensations running through his body were incredible: the hot stream of water flowing down his back, the hot vagina gripping his penis, the softness of Francesca's skin and the moist lubrication around her little button that she seemed to love having played with.
