 This is 'stand-alone' story however it seems to work its way into the 'The Nymphs' series of stories. I didn't mean it to but it just did. Clearly it must be a work of fiction from my fertile yet somewhat dirty mind. But I will have to admit to using elements from real life. Of course names and place have been changed to protect the not-so-innocent.

Please note, the events depicted occur in Australia hence some of the unusual terminology for 'overseas readers'. Comments and suggestions are always gratefully received.

Copyright SBarak1 2017.

#####

It all started innocently enough. I was down at the pub chatting with a few mates over a beer or three. The conversation came around to me when Pete asked what I would be doing in the way of work after the holiday season as I had just finished with my last contract prior to Christmas. I mentioned I had a few irons in the fire however what I really wanted to try may hand at was some studio photography. My mates all knew I had been an avid amateur photographer for a long time and had most of the kit. I went on to tell them I had already started to set up a make-shift studio in my garage.

The boys all had a bit of a laugh and the common consensus was I didn't know a lot about professional photography and so the conversation moved on.

The next day I got a call from Pete, he asked if I was serious about this photography thing. I said I was, and he went on to give me details of a woman called Cynthia. She needed some portfolio shots 'real quick' for work and would phone me this afternoon. I tried to explain to Pete I wasn't properly set up yet, but he didn't listen to my protests and said I shouldn't worry.

"She's a friend of a friend," said Pete. "You will be doing her a favour, she's on a tight dead line and needs these photos quickly."

I reluctantly agreed to take her call.

Sure enough 2 hours later I received a call from Cynthia explaining she was in a real rush and needed some simple portrait shots of herself for an advertising folio for work. Could she drop around this afternoon? I explained it was early days for me and my set up was very basic. She pleaded with me to do the shots, so I agreed and she said could drop around at 5pm. I could tell she was relieved and agreed to be at my place at 5pm sharp.

True to her word Cynthia was standing on my door step at 5pm on the dot. I opened the door to find, what on first appearances appeared to be, a fairly plain looking brunette woman. She had her hair up and stood about 5'8" in her high heels. She was wearing a dark grey tailored jacket and skirt with a crisp white blouse underneath. I estimated her to be in her late 30's maybe 40. She was definitely on the curvey side and had the most amazing deep green eyes.

"Hello, you must be Alan. I'm Cynthia," she said holding out her hand.

I shook her hand. "Please come in," I replied. "Do you need a hand with anything?"

"No, I have everything here," she said bending down to pick up a bulky zippered cover on a hanger and a small bag.

Cynthia stepped through the door looking around.

"Nice place Alan," Cynthia commented as she placed her baggage down and turned to look at me. "Now when we have finished I will need you to send your invoice to my company. What I need is a series of portrait shots of me sitting and standing in the 3 outfits I have here. When we have finished this evening I need the shots sent through to my email address on the card." With that Cynthia handed me her business card.

"Right, OK then, that should be fine," I replied studying her business card.

I then ushered Cynthia to the guest bedroom and showed her where the bathroom was. I then went to the garage and may make-shift studio to make sure everything was set up and ready to go.

A few minutes later I heard Cynthia call out asking where I was. She followed my voice to the garage. As she walked in she was still wearing what she had on when she had arrived. She had freshened up her make-up and re-done her hair. I thought she looked very smart in a corporate kind of way. I led her to a position in front of the camera.

"OK then, let's do the standing shots first. When we are done with those I'll bring a chair over for the seated shots," I said as I directed Cynthia to the required position. "Are you ready?"

"I think so," responded Cynthia, suddenly looking uncertain. "Does my hair and make-up look OK?"

I moved around to stand behind the tripod mounted with my Nikon D500 and looked directly at her. "Just a sec," I said, as I looked through the camera. "Hmmm, just need some lighting adjustment."

I walked over to one of the lights and moved it to a better position. I then went back to the camera and had another look. I adjust the camera position as I looked it at Cynthia. "I think that's about right. Your hair and makeup are fine. Just straighten your left lapel. - Good - Looks great. - Ready now?"

"Uh OK," Cynthia replied looking back up at me after adjusting her lapel.

"I will take a number of shots and then you can have a look at them," I said starting immediately.

"That's good. - just lift your head a little. - Look directly into the lens. - great. - just a little smile," I continued, as I pressed the shutter release.

"That should be enough. Why don't you come over here and have a look," I asked, as I adjusted the camera to review the last 20 or so pictures.

Cynthia walked around and peered intently at the screen on the back of the camera as I slowly rolled through the pictures.

"I think I look a bit too serious in those first few," she commented. "But that's what I am after. Thank you."

"I'll pick out the best ones and send you a few of each pose anyway, so you will have a good selection when we are done. Let's do the seated shots," I said, moving back in front of the camera and placing a director's chair in position.

Cynthia sat down, crossed her legs and adjusted herself as I went back to the camera. I lowered the camera position on the tripod and framed the shot.

"Looking good. - just fold your hands in your lap and look directly at the lens," I asked and then proceeded to take another 10 or so pictures.

I then walked over to Cynthia and adjusted the chair to be offset from the line of the camera and walked back.

"Turn your head to look directly at the camera. Let's see how these turn out," I said, adjust the camera position and zoom then proceeded to take another 10 or so shots.

"OK then, let's see how this lot went. Please come around and have a look," I said.

Again Cynthia walked around next to me and we reviewed the pictures.

"I'm happy with those. How about I go and get changed into my next outfit?" she asked.

"Yeah sure, sounds good," I replied a little distractedly as I made some setting adjustments on the camera.

Cynthia came back 10 minutes later in a different outfit and we went through the whole procedure again. We went through the shots making sure we had something to work with. As she went off to change for the second time it struck me I wasn't being a very good host. 

"Hey Cynthia, would you care for a glass of something?" I called down the hallway.

"Please," she replied.

'What have I got? There must be a bottle around here somewhere,' I was thinking as I went to the kitchen and opened the fridge. I spotted a bottle of champagne, grabbed it, found two champagne flutes and headed back to the garage.

Now in her third corporate outfit Cynthia returned to the garage and my makeshift studio. I handed her a glass of champagne.

"Thank you, this is just what I need," she said looking up at me with a smile. 

And with that Cynthia's face lit up. Wow, amazing, this plain looking corporate type had a winning smile. It seemed to change her very mater-of-fact demeanor. Her eyes were sparkling and I was starting to warm to her.

"Cheers," I said raising my glass.

We touched glasses and each took a mouthful. 

Cynthia then put her glass down and went back in front of the camera.

We finished the third set and checked the results. Everything looked OK. 

"Well Alan, those three set of pictures look pretty good. I'm sure they guys in Advertising will be happy with them. I like the way you have gone about this in a professional, no nonsense way and I like doing business that way," she said, looking at me with that fantastic smile of hers.

"Do you mind if I have another glass, mine seems to be empty," she said looking at her glass.

"Of course, let me fix that up," I replied.

I was about to ask her if there was anything else she needed when, to my surprise, she quickly downed her second glass of champagne.

"Ummm, Alan - would you mind doing one more set?" she asked, slightly hesitantly.

"Sure, what have you got in mind," I replied, taking another mouthful of champagne.

"Just give me a few minutes and I will be right back. Just leave the chair where it is," she said as she scooted off down the hallway.

After 10 minutes Cynthia returned wearing her white blouse and a fitted skirt. I noticed that her stocking were now white this time rather than black from the previous 3 sets. What had really changed was her breasts. It looked as though she had changed into a push up bra which really accentuated her them. They would have had to have been 40DD. Her make-up was a bit different as well. She certainly looked sexier. I tried not to stare.

"These pictures are just for me," Cynthia said, as she looked at me with another big smile.

"Uh, OK," I gulped. "How do you want to go about this?"

"I have a few ideas now," she said with a grin. Her eyes were really sparkling now.

"OK, why don't you position yourself the way you want to be shot," I suggested.

"Any more champagne?" Cynthia asked.

"Sure, here you are," I said, as I filled her glass again.

Cynthia drank half the glass, put it down and then walked over and sat down on the chair and crossed her legs.

I immediately took a few shots.

Cynthia took a deep breath. "Alan I want to look really sexy for these shots, what can I do?" she asked.

"Cynthia you already look very sexy," I said. I wasn't sure where this was going and I didn't want to unnecessarily offend her.

With that she looked down at her blouse and undid the next 2 buttons exposing a significant amount of cleavage and a hint of white lacy bra.

"Wow, that's just great, hold that position" I said and snapped a few more shots.

With that Cynthia stood up, walked around to behind the chair, leaned forward and looked straight down the barrel of the lens revealing some impressive cleavage.

I took a deep breath and continued to snap away. I asked her to smile and managed to get a couple of really great shots. This woman was hot in a slightly reserved kind of way. She tried a couple of cheesy poses which I snapped and she let out a few giggles. 

"You know I didn't really know what to expect when I arrived here this afternoon Alan. I will have to admit to being a bit nervous to start with. I didn't have any idea what you would be like, but now I think I have relaxed enough to start really enjoying this," Cynthia explained.

I continued to take pictures of her as she moved, wriggled and jiggled in front of the camera. I then asked her over to review what I had shot.

She walked around me and to my side and watched as I scrolled through the shots on the camera. I could feel her breath on my arm and caught the scent of her perfume. She wasn't wearing perfume before, was she?

"Alan, I would like to try something a bit sexier," Cynthia said.

"Sure, what do you have in mind," I replied, taking another gulp. I think I could feel a light sweat break out on my forehead as I wondered where this was leading.

"Well I feel very comfortable with you so I know I can trust you. Are you able to follow my lead?" she asked.

"Anything you want Cynthia, your wish is my command," I said, levelling her with a look, straight into those sparkling green eyes.

With that she let out a big giggle, grabbed her glass of champagne, drained it then moved back in front of the camera. Before I could blink she had taken off her blouse and skirt and was staring straight at me. Her white lacy bra was holding in her magnificent 40DD breasts along with a white garter belt holding up her white stocking and sheer lacy white briefs. She looked good enough to eat, which was a thought that had just crossed my mind.

"Wow!" is all I could say as I started to snap off more shots.

"Well Alan, you have to live up to your promises, my command is that you have to match me with what you are wearing," she said with a huge grin.

I didn't need a second invitation. I immediately discarded my polo shirt, shorts, runners and socks.

"That's better," she said. "Now let's have some fun," she continued, as I stood there in my boxer shorts.

With that she proceeded to adopt another series of cheesy poses and flirted with my camera. All the while I encouraged her and snapped away. As we continued I was getting aroused and could feel my cock starting to stir. I thought I had better keep myself focused. This was my first professional photo shoot after all, mind you I was now standing in front of my semi-naked client in my boxer shorts. . After a few minutes she then walked back around me to view the shots. She placed her hand on my shoulder as I scrolled through the shots. I could feel the heat of her body, smell her perfume and more. By her scent it was more than obvious she was aroused.

"You know Alan," Cynthia started out in a husky voice. "I have never done anything like this before. But I'm reeeeeally having fun."

With that she slapped me on the ass and sashayed back in front of the camera saying we needed to keep going.

I looked up from the camera to see her bending over the chair and sliding her lacy briefs over her shapely ass and down her legs. She had her legs slightly spread and all I had eyes for was her glistening pussy.

"What do you think Alan, sexy enough?" she giggled.

"Wow, you have a beautiful ass," I gulped again, continuing to take pictures.

"I'm sure that's not all you can see," she replied.

I didn't know where this was going but I sure was enjoying it and my cock was now was straining to get its full nine inches out the top of my boxer shorts. Cynthia, still with her back to me, stood up and unclipped her bra and discarded it.

"Alan I think you are over-dressed. Have you still got your boxers on?" she asked looking over her shoulder.

I admitted I did and immediately removed them. My straining cock was now free and in a lot less pain. I focused on taking a few more snaps, as best I could, and Cynthia, while keeping her back to me, moved into a few more provocative poses before looking back over to me.

"Alan, I think you need to come around here and move me into the poses you want," asked Cynthia in her husky voice.

I immediately obliged and walked around behind her. As I approached she deliberately took a step back and pushed herself back into me as I instinctively reached for her voluptuous breasts. 

"Oh Alan, is that all you," she purred, as she wriggled her ass against me. "I certainly hope it is."

Cynthia slowly turned and looked down at my fully erect member.

"My goodness Alan, you are huge," she said, with wide eyes and took a step back with a look of surprise on her face. 

"My god Alan, I have never seen a real man's cock that big before!" she exclaimed.

I stood to my full six foot in height put my hands on my hips and with my proud member waving around in front of me and looked her straight in the eye.

"Well Cynthia, right now it's all yours to command as you see fit," I proudly announced with a huge grin.

It's so huge" she said, as she feasted her eyes on it, "Can I touch it?" 

"As I said Cynthia it's yours to command, you can do anything you like with it."

With that Cynthia immediately squatted down in front of me for a closer look. I moved in so my cock was almost touching her face. She slowly reached up and wrapped her right hand around my cock. Her small hand could not quite reach all the way around. She seemed to hesitate.

"It's OK, you can lick it if you want to," I said. 

With that Cynthia tentatively stuck out her tongue and licked the tip of my cock.

"Hmmm, tastes good, I need more," she said and with that any inhibition seemed to dissolve and she wrapped her lips around the head of cock and commenced to suck without any further encouragement.

At the same time she reached around with her left hand, let down her hair and moved her hand to her pussy. She continued to slowly and gently suck the head of my cock while touching herself. After a few minutes I couldn't bear it much longer, at the risk of exploding in her mouth, I lifted her up and kissed her. Our tongues found each other and explored. I lifted up her large left breast so I could lick her already hard nipple. As I flicked and nibbled her left nipple she joined me. Our tongues fighting over her hard nub. All the while her right hand was firmly clamped around the base of my, by now, very hard cock. I moved to her right nipple and explored it with her. Our tongues chased around her nipple. After a few more minutes I then lifted my head to draw breath. She was looking up into my eyes.

"Goodness" she said, "you have taken my breath away."

"You taste delicious," I muttered as I kissed her neck.

"Ohhhhh," she moaned then let out a little shiver.

"Don't forget I'm still yours to command," I whispered in her ear.

Cynthia put her hands either side of my head and looked me in the eyes. I could see passion and want in those green pools.

"Well then, you better take me by the hand to a bed where you can fuck my brains out!" she declared.

"As you command, I must obey," was my reverential reply. With that I took her by the hand and led her back to the guest bedroom and sat her down on the edge of the bed.

Standing, I lent down over her, placed a hand behind her head and kissed her. Her eyes closed as my tongue probed her lips. Our tongues met as we kissed deeply and I pushed her onto the bed. Straddling her we kissed and explored one another. Cynthia had one hand on my ass and other around my neck as moved down to explore her breasts. I sucked her nipple hard then looked up at her face. Her eyes were closed her mouth slightly open. 

I slowly slid and kissed my way down her body until I was kneeling on the floor between her legs. "I've been waiting to do this," and with that I gently spread her legs wide and explored her very wet, shaved pussy with my tongue. Her lips were slightly parted and very wet. My tongue probed and licked until I found her clit. I heard her gasp. I seemed to lose track of time as I savoured her. Finally she lifted my head.

"You seem to be missing out Alan. I command you to lay on the bed here," she ordered, pointing to the center of the bed.

I stood up and moved to lay down in the center of the bed on my back. Cynthia rolled over and lifted her leg so she straddled my face then lowered her dripping pussy on to my face. Leaning forward she again grasped my hard cock in her hand and commenced to run her tongue around the head of my rock hard cock. Again I lost track of time as our tongues explored, licked, sucked, nibbled and slurped. 

Without warning Cynthia lifted herself up and spun around on me. She was surprisingly agile. Before I realised it she had straddled my hips and her dripping snatch was poised over the head of slick cock. She looked me in the eyes and reached down to hold and then position my cock. With a slight she progressively slid down my rigid pole letting out little gasps.

"Alan that sure is a weapon you have there" she said, adjusting herself to accommodate the invader.

"Just remember it's yours to command but be careful you are tight." I responded.
