 Everyone looked as Paula walked through the bar. And with good reason. She was a natural redhead, about five foot ten, with a beautiful heart-shaped ass and a pair of really beautiful tits. But tonight, as she walked by my table, I noticed something different about her. She was wearing a thin white blouse, and I could see her bra through it. But it was her skirt that caught my attention - this shiny black miniskirt, riding so high on her thighs I could see the curve of her ass cheeks. She wasn't wearing panties.

"Fancy meeting you here," Paula said, stopping at my table. She smiled at me. I reached out to touch her skirt. Smooth, PVC. My dick shot up like an arrow.

"It's been a long time," I said. We'd broken up about six months ago, but she looked even better now. "You look fucking incredible."

Paula removed my hand from her ass. "I know," she said, and walked away. I stared at her ass twitching under the shiny black of her skirt, her long muscular legs ending in black spike heels. I stood up and walked after her.

Paula went into the ladies' room. I followed, locking the door behind me. She was leaning against the sink, one ankle crossed over the other, her arms folded under her delicious tits. I walked over towards her, and without saying a word, I grabbed her ass and kissed her roughly, pressing my hard cock against her stomach.

She groaned and wrapped her arms around my neck, moving her leg up my thigh, pulling me in closer. I caressed her firm ass, sliding my hands up and down the slick, dry fabric, listening to my sweaty palms squeak against it. "This skirt is so hot," I muttered, kissing my way down her neck to her cleavage. I slipped my tongue under the lace of her bra and licked her tit.

"I knew you'd like it," she laughed, arching her hips up towards me, fumbling at the buttons on my jeans. She undid them and reached in for my cock, her long, slender fingers stroking up and down my shaft. I shuddered and slid my hands under her skirt, pushing it up so I could squeeze her ass as she jerked my cock.

Moving one hand to her blouse, I quickly unbuttoned it and pushed her bra down so I could suck on her nipples. Paula moaned and pushed her tits anxiously towards my mouth. The light brown nipples were hard on my tongue. My hand crept back down to her luscious ass, stroking the skirt and her skin at the same time. "I've got to fuck you," I said, before biting her nipples softly.

"Yes," Paula moaned, pushing her cunt against my thigh. I could feel a wet spot on my pants from her dripping snatch. "Fuck me hard."

I reluctantly pulled my mouth off her breast and turned her around. She bent over the sink, pushing her hands up against the wall and offered her ass to me. I groaned and pressed my cock between her ass-cheeks, sliding it up and down, feeling the friction on my hot stick. My fingers kept roaming over her skirt, exploring the slick, tight fabric.

"Now," Paula groaned. "I want your cock in my cunt!" I slid my cock down between her legs and grabbed onto her waistband, bunching the PVC in my hands.

"Then I'm going to give you my cock, baby," I said, and drove forward into her wet slit. My cockhead spread her lips wide open and my shaft followed. I watched us in the mirror as I pumped my cock in and out of her snatch. Her eyes were closed and she bit her lip every time my balls slapped against her clit. Her tits jiggled back and forth.

"Oh fuck me, yes, keep fucking me just like that," Paula cried out. I clenched my teeth and jerked my hips rapidly, feeling my throbbing prick pushing against her slick cunt.

"You love it when I fuck you, don't you, you little slut? Look at this skirt you're wearing," I grunted, pulling at the black material with my hands as I drilled her. "This is a slut skirt, and you look so damn hot in it."

Paula moaned, pushing her ass back at me. I was humping her at a fever-pitch now, my balls jiggling up and down against her clit. "Fuck, fuck, I'm coming," she howled, moving back and grinding her clit against the base of my cock. I shoved into her and grunted, letting her cunt grip my cock.

Pulling out, I turned her around and set her on the sink. I pressed my hands on her creamy thighs as I pushed forward, shoving my cock into her steaming twat again, and pounded some more. Paula hooked her arm around my neck and hung on for dear life as I screwed her, running my hands from her thighs to her stomach, stroking the material on her skirt. "Oh yeah," I groaned, pulling out and pointing my cock at her tits, shooting spurts of white cum all over them.

She lifted her hands to her tits and rubbed my cream into her skin before pulling her bra back up over her tits. "So does this mean we're back together?" I asked, panting.

"Nope," Paula said, buttoning up her blouse and then hopping off the sink, pulling her skirt back down over her thighs. "I just wanted you to see my new skirt." She unlocked the door and left.

She knows I'll be back...