 Same old desk. Same grey walls. Same fancy paintings. Same traffic that whizzes past my window. Same morning coffee that I had every day. Everything in my life was the same. I let out a sigh. My eyes darted to the clock on the wall. It was five seconds before 10:00 and my secretary was never late with her daily schedule reminder.

"Good morning Mr. Quinton," a new voice said timidly.

My eyes shot up from the pile of papers to see a small woman around my age of 28 who wasn't my usual secretary. She had pale blond hair that was strung tightly back into a bun but a lose strand hung just to the side of her beautiful sky blue eyes. My eyes raked down this new woman's body, caressing her every curve that were prominent from her grey pencil skirt and blush pink blouse. It took every inch of my body to stay seated and not walk up to her and slip the tiny strand of hair behind her ear and stare into her eyes.

I watched her cheeks turn a shade similar to her pink blouse. I let out an inaudible chuckle and cleared my throat. I hadn't realized I had been staring for so long. It has been awhile since the last woman I dated and a single woman has caught my eye. Most women would shamelessly flirt with me and show me they're cleavage at any chance they got, but to be honest, that disgusted me. I gave them all the signs of being not interested and they wouldn't back off.

I cleared my throat once more, before saying in a scratchy voice, "Good morning Miss. May I ask, where is Mrs. Smith?"

Now it was my turn to catch the shy woman at checking me out. Her blue orbs trailed across my body, doing as I just did and taking in my every detail. I could see small little points sticking from her breasts that caused my member to slowly stir in my pants. I fidgeted slightly, trying to discretely rearrange myself. She had to of seen this because she quickly went to say something but another voice interrupted her.

"Jay-Jay!" a motherly voice interjected.

I let out a sigh when the slightly plump woman came walking into the room. Mrs. Smith has been a mother to me. She didn't treat me like I was her boss, she treated me like a young boy who still was growing up which was nice change from the normal hustle and bustle of my corporation life.

"What is going on here?" I asked, slightly irritated that I wasn't informed of anything.

The woman took a deep breath and a warm smile filled her features, "Well, dear. I'm pregnant and Andrew can finally afford for me to be a stay at home mother with my children so I'm quitting." I gasped, "What?"

"Don't worry. I knew you would take it this way so I already did the hard work for you. This is going to be your new secretary. Her name is Ms. Samantha Reynolds. I've been through hundreds of people trying to get this job and believe me, she is the best one."

A scowl immediately knitted onto my brow. This woman was replacing the closest person I had to a family. After my parents died in a car crash, I was left with my father's inheritance which included me taking over his corporation. I was broken and lost in the world without any other family members but once Mrs. Smith met me, she instantly filled the void. She took me under her wing and let me spend holidays with her rather than alone in my apartment.

"B-but-" I started but Mrs. Smith shushed me.

"Don't worry. You can still spend all the holidays with us. Nothing will change, dear," she said with a smile.

I swallowed my sadness and regret and decided to look professional in front of the beautiful new Ms. Reynolds, "How long until you leave?"

"The end of the week," she said with a sad smile. 

"Congratulations," I smiled at her.

"Thanks, now come on, Samantha, I'm going to show you how our master copy machine works."

And with that, Mrs. Smith strolled out of the office with the young girl hot on her heals. As Ms. Samantha looked back on last time and caught my gaze, I couldn't help but think that maybe this wouldn't be so bad.

~*~

The week seemed to fly by. And as much as the young woman was proving herself, she wasn't the same as my old secretary. Mrs. Smith promised to keep in touch with me. She told me that she would still keep an extra chair and place mat out on Christmas dinner, and said she would even put out two if I were to bring a girl. Like that would happen.

The attraction between me and Ms. Samantha has been apparent but awkward. I knew I wasn't treating her that nicely lately but I couldn't help it. She wasn't Mrs. Smith and I missed my mother figure. So I did the most logical thing a man could do, take it out on Ms. Samantha.

"Where's my coffee?" I snapped at her, on one very stressful day, sometime before Christmas as Ms. Samantha walked through the door.

She quickly scurried over to my desk and placed a stack of file folders on it, "One moment."

Within seconds, she was back with my coffee in her small hands, "Here you go sir."

As she handed it to me, it slipped in our hands and managed to splash over her white blouse. Immediately I was able to see her pebbled nipples through her wet black bra and black shear shirt.

"What do you think you're doing?" she growled, showing a new dominant and aggressive side to her.

I could feel myself harden at the sight of the points on her shirt, "I-I didn't mean t-to-"

"Do you know that I just bought this shirt yesterday?" she growled, "Yesterday just to please you! I can't believe I even wanted to try. I'm so done with this job and the way you've been treating me this week! It's sucked working for you so I quit!"

Ms. Samantha cut was cut short from her rant when there was a loud knock on my door. Little did Ms. Samantha know, I was too busy watching a wet liquid roll down her inner thighs to hear what she was saying. Ms. Samantha's eyes widened at the sound and she looked down to her stained shirt and back at me with worried eyes. She quickly mouthed to me 'don't let them in yet' as she desperately tried to dry her shirt off wipe off the coffee that dripped down her legs.

"Come in!" I hollered.

Ms. Samantha's eyes darkened at me. But to my utter surprise, the small woman darted towards me and fit herself perfectly underneath my desk. I let out a chuckle that earned me a small whack to my dress shoes.

"Hello Mr. Barns. How are you doing today?" I asked kindly.

I heard Ms. Samantha grumble something beneath the desk but I quickly tapped her with my foot to silence her. I heard another gasp before my employee spoke again.

"There is a meeting for you to attend in a half an hour and two after that one," he said.

"Alright. Thank-" I gasped when I felt a soft hand swiftly grip my erection through my dress pants.

"T-thank you," I stuttered and gripped the edge of the desk.

I leaned back in my chair so I was able to see Ms. Samantha's face. She smiled a devious smile and mouthed 'pay back' to me. I fought the urge to let out a throaty moan as her hand managed to silently unzip my pants and pull my erection through the hole. I gripped the desk to the point where I thought I would break the wood of the desk.

"I-Is there a-anything else f-for me, Mr. Barns?" I stuttered, sucking in another breath when she kissed my tip.

Ms. Samantha pushed her breasts up against my leg while taking my length fully into her mouth.

"No sir," Mr. Barns said.

I sucked in another breath when I felt her teeth slide up and down my shaft, "You know what, Mr. Barns?"

I felt Ms. Samantha freeze at my sudden comment, "Cancel my appointments for today and reschedule them."

Mr. Barns looked at me perplexed before nodding his head and exiting the room. At the sound of the door clicking shut, I quickly bent down and picked up the small woman and sat her in my lap. 

"You have been a really naughty girl," I said, my voice deep and husky.

The woman's eyes were filled with lust as she growled, "Well what are you going to do about it?"

I latched my lips on hers and felt my erection twitch when she moaned loudly and ground her hips into mine. I found myself doing the same thing. Samantha deepened the kiss by grapping onto my tie and pulling me impossibly closer to her. My hands roamed her body but I refrained myself from touching her where she wanted me to. She managed to pull that stunt on me with my employee, well now she was going to pay.

I felt her gasp into our kiss when I swiftly slid her shirt above her head, leaving me with her two luscious breasts sitting in her drenched black bra. Samantha let out a moan while I kissed along her jaw line and down her neck. Her small hands clutched onto my button up dress shirt and her body naturally leaned into my touch. I felt her breasts push up onto my chest and she let out a small whimper of frustration.

"Tell me what you want me to do with you," I whispered on her neck.

Her body shivered and she moaned but didn't say a word. I began tracing my tongue around her bra and almost stopped when I felt her small hand grab mine.

"Please," she whimpered, submitting to the pleasure I was giving her.

"Please what?" I asked with my voice down a few octaves.

"Please Mr. Quinton," she moaned.

"Call me Jason," I breathed on her neck, "Tell me what you want me to do."

"Please, Jason. I want you to please me," she took my hand that she was still holding and put around her back and on her bra strap, "I'm so close..."

That was enough for me. I swooped down and latched my mouth onto her pebbled breasts. Her moans were music to my ears. I fingered the material on the back of her skirt until I found her zipper and unzipped her. With my lips sucking her breast, I lifted her hips up and with her assistance, she slipped the skirt hastily off and onto the ground. She grabbed my free hand that was busy twisting her other nipple in my fingers and placed it over her wet panties.

She moaned again as I began rubbing her through her panties. They were wet but unlike her other clothing, I doubted it was from the coffee I split on her. She leaned into my touch causing her abdomen to brush up against the tip of my pulsing erection. I quickly slipped her panties off of her, losing the last of bit of control I had, and lifted Samantha so she was laying on my desk.

"Fuck me," she moaned.

"Oh I intend on it, baby girl," my husky voice responded.

With one swift thrust, I entered the woman. She let out a muffled scream that quickly turned into a moan as her juices gushed over my engorged manhood. I sucked in a breath, trying to hold on. This woman was tight. Her walls that were clenching tightly around me were going to end this a lot sooner than she realized. But once her waves of pleasure calmed down, I firmly planted my hands on her hips and thrust into her. With each thrust, we moaned together. Her legs wrapped themselves loosely around my waist so each time she would orgasm, I would take my hands from her hips and hold her legs that would limply wrap themselves tighter around me.

I could feel my own orgasm coming as her tight walls convulsed around me. I let out a strangled moan that blended in her last and final scream as she climaxed. I emptied my load in her, filling the woman with my warm seed. Shot after shot jetted out of me until finally, I fell forward onto her with my manhood still plunged deep in her tight hole.

"Are you sure you're quitting?" I struggled out, my breath on her neck.

Samantha shivered, "That depends if you can convince me otherwise."