 This story is a result of the collaborative work with L.A.W. I would like to take this opportunity to say, "I couldn't have done it without you."

"Oh, God, Lisa, you're so hot! I'm gonna blow! Here it comes! Unnnnnngh!!" She couldn't believe it; Randy had just got started and now it was over. She was beginning to think she'd never get a proper fuck. "Oh, baby, that was great!" she heard him say as he pulled his jeans up and started to walk out the door. "I'll see you in class tomorrow."

'Oh, great,' she thought. 'Weekend's over and classes start tomorrow. I guess I better get my books and stuff ready, maybe it'll make me forget about this frustration.' Lisa, a senior in college, had an 8 am class with the new history professor. No one knew anything about him and the history department wasn't saying anything either. She was nervous, to say the least; she hated it when she didn't know what to expect in a professor.

* *

Professor Larry Walker was sitting at his desk in his tiny apartment office wondering what he had done with his life. He was 45 years old, quite good-looking (he'd heard it often enough that he had to believe it), and successful. Why, then, was he living his life alone? He had never married, had no kids, and few friends. What had he done wrong? Maybe it was the horrors he saw when he closed his eyes at night. He had spent a few months in the Vietnam during the war. 

Every time he closed his eyes he saw the young mother who, when her village was being evacuated, was carrying a piglet in one arm and an infant in the other. Her other five children had already boarded the helicopter when he informed her that, due to weight limits, she had to leave the piglet behind, their needs would be provided for at the refugee camp. Looking at him without emotion, she turned around and set something down on a crate floating in the floodwaters. About the time he realized she had left the infant behind, the child had already slipped into the muddy water.

He kept telling himself that the first woman that made him forget, he would make her his. He was beginning to despair ever finding her. 'It might be a good idea if I did a few sit-ups. Try to exhaust myself so that I won't dream of "her" again.' 

The next morning came too early for Lisa. The air conditioner in the dorms was broken, and it had been too hot to sleep the night before. It looked as it was going to be another scorcher, so she decided to wear as little as she could get away with in an attempt to keep from wilting. She put on her shortest dress with spaghetti straps. 'This'll draw a lot of attention, but what the hell.' At the last minute she decided to leave her panties off, 'It's too hot to wear them, any way. I'll just have to keep my legs together when I sit down.' She pulled her long blond hair up into a ponytail and, grabbing her books, walked from the dorm to class.

It was a little cooler in the classroom, but not much. She was sitting there, wishing they would get the goddamn air fixed, when 'he' walked in. She knew immediately that he would be able to love her like she needed. Now, how to get him interested in her? She was sitting in the second desk in the center row with no one in front of her so she her feet on the seat in front of her, knowing that this would show her bald pussy to the hot new professor.

Larry couldn't believe it; either this girl didn't know what she had done or she was an exhibitionist. Either way, he knew he wanted her. After class, he went to his office and, trying to get ready for the next class, couldn't concentrate. He decided he needed a little distraction so he went to his favorite erotic story site on the web to download some reading material for the night. One story caught his attention, so he decided to check the writer's profile. When the page loaded, he couldn't believe it. It was that daring blond—what was her name? Oh, yes, Lisa something—from his 8 a.m. class. 

About that time he heard a timid knock on his door. When he opened it, he was surprised to see Lisa standing there. "Professor Walker, I'm in your Ancient Greece class and you mentioned that we had to do a term paper and that you would give us details later in the term. Well I would like to go ahead and get started on it, if I could. Would you mind telling me what it is you're looking for?" 

"Lisa, it'll be easier to choose a topic later in the course. That's why I planned on assigning the paper around mid-term. But if you want some broad ideas, I'd be happy to meet with you later this afternoon. I was just on my way to my next class." 

"Sure, Professor Walker. How about I take you to lunch and we can talk then?" The university had a program that allowed students to take their professors to lunch and the school would pick up the tab. This allowed for better student/instructor relations, which is exactly what was on Lisa's mind…better relations with Professor Walker.

"That'll be fine, Lisa. I'll be through around noon, and I'll meet you at the cafeteria. Thanks."

'That girl is HOT! I'll get inside her clothes yet,' Larry told himself on his way to his next class.

Lisa couldn't believe it; she was actually going to have lunch with the sexiest man on campus. When he walked into the cafeteria, her heart leapt into her throat. He smiled as he walked towards her. "Let's see what's on the menu, shall we?" 

After perusing the menu and discovering nothing that either wanted to eat, Professor Walker suggested that they go somewhere else and he'd put it on his expense account. Lisa was delighted but maintained an outward calm as she accepted his offer. "So, Lisa, since I'm new in town, why don't you suggest a place to eat?"

"Well, Professor, I know this nice Chinese place just around the corner from the University, The Hong Kong Palace. How does that sound?"

"Sounds wonderful. Let's take my car."

Lisa knew that the atmosphere of the Palace was romantic and couldn't wait to be alone with him there, with the soft lighting and romantic music. She was smiling to herself as they drove over to the restaurant.

They ate lunch while discussing the term paper. Lisa kept catching herself staring at Professor Walker. Once or twice she could even swear he was staring at her but told herself that it was just a trick of the lighting. After lunch, he drove them back to campus, he had an afternoon class and Lisa had to get started on some homework.

'Lunch was nice,' Larry thought to himself that evening at home. 'But, I need to develop a plan to get this girl in my bed, and soon.' That night, Larry had pleasant dreams. Nice wet dreams. About Lisa. One in particular he kept thinking about all day. She had come to his office to ask some mundane question about something he knew she didn't need any help with. He ended up laying her across his desk and fucking her brains out.

Just thinking about that dream made him so hard that he was uncomfortable all day. Everyday, just when he thought he'd be alone long enough to jack off in his office; Lisa would knock on his door. If he didn't know any better, he'd of thought that she was sending him signals.

Over the next couple of weeks, Lisa kept coming up with question after question about the day's lecture that she "needed" clarification on. Everyday about noon, she would knock on Professor Walker's door only to have him open the door in obvious discomfort; there was always an obvious bulge in his pants.

Lisa longed to help him with his apparent problem but lacked the courage to initiate anything. She had been brought up to believe that the man should make the first move. She would act like the stereotypical blonde, hoping that he would see through the ruse and realize that she wanted him to make a move on her. She was beginning to despair when, after almost a month of this he finally made that move.

Each time Lisa went to his office her body burned with desire just thinking of that 6'6", 265 pound former Marine using her body hard and fast. She was sick and tired of the young college guys who didn't know shit about sex. She needed a 'man' to fuck her hot juicy cunt with no mercy. 

This time when she tapped on his door, instead of him opening it for her he replied, "Come in," in that deep, sexy voice of his. When she opened the door and he came into view, her heart started to beat a mile a minute. "Hello, Lisa," he smiled like he always did when he saw her, but this smile was different. It looked almost like the cat that ate the canary.

She looked at him and said, "Hi, Professor Walker. I was wondering if you had time to help me again?" She looked into his big brown eyes thinking of him on top of her body, looking into her eyes as he filled her tight cunt full of his hot, thick cum.

He stood up and moved closer to her hot, horny body. "Lisa, my dear, I've been spending more time with you than any other student." He pulled her into his arms like she was a 'rag doll.' "I think it's time you helped me with a problem."

She could feel his hard, thick cock pressing into her tummy. "Y…Ye…Yes…sir." She knew what kind of help he needed. The kind she was burning for.

He pulled her into his arms, squeezing her firm little breasts into his masculine chest. "I've wanted you since classes started. You, sitting there in front of me, showing your hot little pussy to me, teasing me so much." He sat her on his desk, pulled up her short little skirt. "Now I'm gonna eat this hot little pussy. How does that sound, Lisa?"

She trembled at his words knowing that she'd let him do anything he wanted to her. "Oh, yes! Please," she begged.

His mouth covered her wet cunt, licking up and down her swollen slit, making sure to give her clit a little suck. His hands pulled her tight half-shirt over her head, revealing her small, youthful breasts. He began to squeeze them with his big, strong hands. Finding her nipples, he started rolling them between his fingers.

"OH, YES!" She screamed out with joy as her young body enjoyed its first touch by an experienced man. His mouth and tongue toyed with her burning cunt sending her close to the first non-self-induced orgasm in her young life. Her cunt muscles wrapped around his long tongue as it probed deep inside her, licking the walls of her tight pussy, sending chills of pleasure through her body.

"Are you ready to cum, you sexy little bitch?" he asked, and then drove his tongue deep inside of her throbbing pussy. His hands reached under her ass, lifting her to him while his mouth devoured her young pussy.

"OH MY GOD! YES! OH YES!" Young Lisa screamed as her orgasm ran through her tender body. Her cunt muscles locked around Professor Walker's tongue, trying to milk it like a cock. He kept eating, teasing her spasming cunt until she fell back on his desk.

"Well, well, well. Somebody sure liked that," he said as he took her skirt off. "I've wanted you so bad since the first day of classes." He kissed her passionately, probing with his tongue to taste every inch of her mouth, sending more shock waves right to her cunt. "I hope you can take this, baby girl," he said as he pulled down his pants, exposing the longest, thickest cock Lisa had ever seen.

"Oh, my God! It's so big!" she said as her eyes devoured the prize cock. "Do you think it will go in me?" She was worried that it would split her in two.

He kissed her again as he placed the head of his massive cock at the entrance to her tight, little hole. "Oh, don't worry, slut, I'll get it in you." He gently pushed the head into her tight, young pussy, stretching her tiny hole as wide as it would go.

Lisa clinched her fists in pain, as well as a pleasure the likes of which she had never known before. Her cunt was stretched so wide as the massive cock was pushed deeper into her body. Inch by inch it submerged into her deepest depths, a place none of the young, inexperienced boys could even dream of going. "Oh, yes," she sighed with pleasure. His cock sank into her, to the back of her young hole, and it still had two inches to go.

"OH, MU GOD!" Professor Walker moaned as her cunt squeezed his long cock

She relaxed her body, "FUCK ME NOW! HARD!" she yelled as she looked into his incredibly sexy, big brown eyes. Her dreams were finally coming true; she was in the position she had dreamed of so many nights. The man she had come to love was using her cunt.

He looked back into her sexy green eyes, "OK, anything for you, my sexy little bitch." He began moving his hips back and forth, driving his massive shank in and out of her tender cunt, stretching it and filling it like never before.

Faster, deeper he used her little body. He needed to cum in this young thing that had been teasing him for a month. "I'm gonna fill you so full of cum it's gonna come out your ears." He pumped faster; he needed to cum so bad his balls hurt.

"Yes! Fill me full!" By this time Lisa had started thrusting her hips to meet his. "Cum in me! Make us cum!" her hips thrashed wildly, driving his massive cock all the way inside her cunt.

He pumped into her as fast as he could; the sound of skin slapping and the slurping of her pussy filled the office. "OH SHIT, YES!" Professor Walker yelled as his massive cock began shooting into Lisa's tight cunt. He grabbed her hips, and with one last hard shove, drove his cock into her fertile womb.

"IT HURTS! OH GOD!" she screamed with pain, but continued to thrust onto the big cock. His cock filled her womb full of swimming little baby makers. "GO! I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING!" she yelled as her young body exploded with a massive orgasm. Her muscles locked around his cock, squeezing even more cum from his full balls.

He lay, exhausted, on top of his sexy, young student. "Shall I schedule you for tomorrow?"

"Oh, yes!" she moaned, looking into his eyes with so much love that he thought he'd melt.

To be continued??