 Becoming a single parent meant I got stuck with all the bills and only one income. I had to take care of the kids, so I got a second job working nights and weekends. After about six months of working some 16-hour days and 7 days a week, I decided maybe I would try to get a roommate.

I live in a college town, so I didn't know how much luck I would have. There were plenty of vacancies in the paper, and I lived about 5 miles from campus, so the prospect of finding someone probably was slim. I got a couple of calls the first week the ad was in the paper, but I wouldn't live with those people if I was single, let alone a single parent with two kids to raise.

Eventually, I decided I would try one more month in the paper, and if nothing worked out, maybe try to find a cheaper house to live in. I didn't really want to move with my son in high school and daughter in junior high and having all their friends nearby.

Finally, one Thursday night, the phone rang about seven. It was a woman who said she needed a place to stay right away, so I gave her directions. She made it over in about a half hour. I opened the door to find a woman in her late 30's, slender, with dirty blonde hair tied back in a ponytail, and glasses. I let her in, and we sat down to talk. She said she had been in the Air Force, was married, and divorced, no kids, and had decided to go back to school to get her degree in nursing. She was living in an apartment with another female that was younger. She said things started going downhill when the other girl got a boyfriend, and he started hanging around the apartment, even when his girlfriend wasn't there. He would smoke pot, and have his friends come over and get drunk. She said she didn't feel comfortable anymore and was looking for a place.

I had priced the rent low in order to maybe get someone in right away to help with expenses. That's why I got so many deadbeats answering the ad. She said she could afford it maybe but with the long drive, it might be hard. She said she wanted to think about it. I told her why not consider having her eat here too with no extra charge. I figured if I had to cook dinner for two kids, another person wouldn't be that much extra, and we just ate cereal for breakfast and a sandwich for lunch. I told her to just tell me what she liked and I would buy it.

She agreed to try it for a month, and asked if she could spend the night since she didn't want to go back to the apartment. I said sure, and let her sleep in what was the den, but would now be her room. I had put a door with a lock on it, so I let her in, showed her the bathroom, and then started to work on an agreement for us to sign in the morning.

The agreement was simple, and included things like when the rent would be due, how much notice I wanted if she moved out, and how many people she could have over. I didn't care if she had a boyfriend that maybe came by occasionally. I just didn't want the same thing happening as happened to her, she get a boyfriend, and then I have to deal with him hanging around eating all my food, and doing something around my kids that I didn't want in my home. She said she didn't have a boyfriend, and needed to study hard to pass, so that wouldn't be an issue. She did say she didn't have any furniture, so I let her use the daybed, and I brought up some shelves from downstairs, a coffee table and a chair for her to use.

She moved her clothes over that next day, and we settled in. As usual, with someone new, it was a bit awkward at first, but after a while, she became a member of the family. She got along real well with the kids, especially my daughter. She even cooked a meal on occasion when she had time, and she cleaned up her bathroom and room every week.

I like to get up to drink some coffee in the morning and read the paper before the kids got up. She liked coffee too, so she would get up and get a cup before heading to the bathroom to get a shower and get ready for school. At first, we just said hi to each other, but one morning, I had spilled some coffee, and was cleaning it up when she came into the kitchen. I poured her a cup, and then patted her on the shoulder with my usual morning greeting. She smiled, and turned, and squeezed my arm and said good morning. After that, I would have a cup poured for her when I heard her get up. That usually got me a smile and a quick warm hug before she went up to the shower.

One evening when I thought everyone was in bed, I just put on a pair of running shorts and headed downstairs to get a glass of water. I ran into her coming up the stairs to go to the bathroom. She had on a white, loose fitting t-shirt that just barely covered her panties. We greeted each other with surprise, and she slowly walked into the bathroom, and then turned to see me staring at her cute little butt. She closed the door slowly.

I sat down at the kitchen table thinking about her when she came downstairs, and said hello. She sat across from me and we talked for a while. I really noticed how her smile came to her so easy when she talked to me, and she even had some cute little dimples. She still had on her contacts, and her hair was loose and falling down around her shoulders. After a bit, I noticed her nipples start to get hard through her t-shirt. Of course, if she could have seen my shorts, there was a bulge in the middle of them!

She got up and went to bed, and I had a hard time going to sleep that night thinking about her!

A couple days later, she came into the kitchen for her usual cup of coffee. She was later than usual, and I wondered why to myself? She had on a robe that was loosely tied in front. I could see her bare chest, but not her breasts and nipples. She wasn't a large breasted woman, which suited me just fine. I did get a glance at her panties. They were wet...very wet.

She turned to me and asked me if she could get a ride today. She said her car's engine light was coming on the last few days, and I told her she shouldn't drive it like that. I told her I could take a look at it tonight. I told her I would be glad to give her a ride since I worked right by the college and she could put her bike in the back of my truck and ride from my office. She smiled, and gave me a long hug then. Just as she was about to turn and go upstairs, she gave me a peck on the cheek and squeezed my arm. Then she was gone up the stairs.

When it came time to leave, I put her bike in the back of the truck and she sat in the middle. I only have a standard cab pickup and I usually took my daughter to school on the way to work. My son rode his bike to the nearby high school. I dropped off my daughter and drove out of the parking lot.

My new roommate made no attempt to slide over to the right side of the cab, and just sat there and smiled. I reached down to turn down the heat, and found myself holding hands with her. We got to my office, and she asked me what time would I be getting off. I told her 4:30, and she said that would work out fine, her last class got out at 4:00. I showed her where my spare key was in case she didn't want to come into my office, and she said that would work. She gave me a big hug, and a kiss on the lips and left.

Later that day, I found her sitting in my truck when it was time to leave. I usually work out every day at a gym on the way home. I asked if she wanted me to give her a ride home and go back to the gym, but she said no, she could sit in the lobby and study while I worked out. Today was my cardio day, so I gave her a hug, and headed to get changed. I went upstairs, got on the treadmill and started my 4-mile run. After about a half hour, she got bored and came upstairs to look around. She walked up the stairs and saw the back of my butt working hard to run a fast pace. She leaned up against the wall and tried to imagine what it would be like to come over to me from behind, hit the stop button, and take me in her arms and kiss me hard. She thought about kissing the sweat off the back of my neck as she reach up in front of my shirt to grab my nipples and then scratch her nails down the front of my chest. She thought about how it would be if I turned around to kiss her, as her hands made their way down my chest to my shorts. She thought about pulling down my running gear, and getting on her knees to take my cock into her mouth...

I finished my run and stopped the treadmill. I turned to go get a towel to clean off the machine when I saw her standing there. She was staring straight at me, in sort of a daze. When she realized that I had stopped, she smiled and walked over to me, and gave me a quick kiss. I reached over and squeezed her butt, and then went and got a towel. We walked hand in hand downstairs to the front of the men's room. She asked me if it would be all right to go warm up the truck while I took a shower. I told her sure, and she squeezed my hand, gave me a quick kiss, and headed out the door.

When I finished my shower, I went out to the parking lot. That day I had parked in the back facing the street, so it was a bit of a walk to the truck. When I first saw her, I thought she was sleeping or resting because her head was leaned back against the driver side headrest. As I approached I noticed her eyes were closed, but her head made some movements. I got up to the door to open it, and looked in. She remained with her eyes closed and her head back. Her white blouse was open all the way, and un-tucked from her jeans. Her jacket was parted, and her bra was pushed up so her left hand could cup her right breast. With her forefinger and thumb, she was rubbing and pinching her nipple. Her jeans were unbuttoned and unzipped, and she had her right hand buried beneath her panties.

I thought I heard her moan. She was masturbating!

I stood there enjoying the sight for a few moments when I heard some people walking to their car close to my truck. I unlocked the door and quickly got in. She sat up and looked at me with blinking eyes. Her hands remained where they were. I leaned over and kissed her. She responded by taking her hands and holding my face while she kissed me long and hard. Her tongue met mine, and we were instantly lost in the feeling of being with each other at last. I stopped and looked at her. Her right hand was wet from her pussy, and I took it with my left hand and started to lick her juices off each of her first two fingers. She kissed the other side of her hand and our tongues played with each other across her fingers. I reached down her panties, and touched her clit with my right two fingers. She reacted very quickly, grabbing my cock through my jeans and squeezing hard. She started to unbutton my jeans, and pull the zipper down. I told her to wait; I wanted to go find a safer place to park. She heard me but continued what she was doing anyway.

She pulled my cock out of my jeans, and started to finger the head of my cock with her fingers, first taking her forefinger and probing my hole and then my vein. I tried to concentrate as I backed out of the parking spot and drove through the parking lot until I came to the now deserted doctor's offices. By now, she had her head down and was sucking the head of my cock and licking my shaft. I leaned back against the door, and she put all of me in her mouth and started to fuck me as hard as she could. She then decided she had enough of that, and grabbed my jeans and shorts and just about ripped them off of me!

She quickly made her way up my chest and licked my neck with her tongue as she grabbed my hard cock and started to fit it into her very wet hole. She whispered in my ear that she wanted me for so long and now she was going to fuck me like I've never been done before. She mounted me with her hips and legs on either side as I slid down in the seat to make work of her pussy with my cock. I grabbed her butt, and squeezed her tight as she rocked and pumped me for all she was worth. She let out a loud scream and kissed me hard on my neck. I nibbled on her ear, and then grabbed a nipple with my mouth. I sucked on it hard, and played with the other, as her back got suddenly very firm. Her orgasm came on quick and her body shook all of a sudden. Her breathing got shallow and she quit kissing me long enough to let out several loud pants and lick her dry lips.

She buried her head in my chest and shook even more now as the waves of an orgasm continued to send shivers through her spine. She panted with every breath, straining to get some oxygen. She looked up at me and then kissed my dry mouth with hers. She whispered in my ear to wait a minute before she would finish me off. I told her we should go back to the house before we got arrested, and she reluctantly agreed. She got off of me and sat next to me while holding my cock with both of her hands.

She rubbed my cock until the pussy juices got dry in the warmth of the truck. She bent over and spit on the head of my cock, and then licked her saliva on down my shaft. She spit on me again and then stuck my cock in her mouth and started to fuck me. I prayed that I hit all the green lights on the two-mile drive home. When we got to the last light, it turned red! She started to taste my pre-cum, so she bit the head of my cock and squeezed it hard with her thumb and forefinger. She had given me a hickey on the head of my cock! She smiled and said she wanted me to wait to cum until we got home!

I smiled and stuck a finger back into her pussy as I made the turn to my house. I opened the garage door with the opener and drove straight in. The kids weren't home, so we grabbed our clothes off the floor, and headed upstairs as the garage door closed behind us.

We locked the door, and she proceeded to rip off my shirt. She got on her knees and scratched my balls with her fingernails and then my cock. She licked my head, and kissed my new hickey! I laughed as she took me all in and made me good and hard again as she fucked me with her lips and tongue. I reached down and played with her nipples as she continued to suck me. When I was good and hard, she turned to get on the bed. I couldn't resist, so I grabbed her butt, and shoved my cock inside her from behind. She got on to the bed, grabbed a pillow, and put it under her hips to give me a good shot at her very wet hole. I pumped her hard, and squeezed her nipples. She groaned and grabbed the edge of the bed just as another orgasm shot through her. This time I continued to pound her as she cried out OMG!

After a bit, she reached down, and started to play with my balls as I continued to grind my cock inside her. My orgasm came shortly after hers, and I wanted to pull out and spray it all over her back and butt. But her hole was right there, so I put the head of my cock against it and shot cum into her butt. It felt good to her, so she reached back and spread her cheeks for my cock and pushed her hips and butt towards me. I pushed my way in, lubricated by my own cum. I stayed hard long enough to give her some fun, and she rocked her hips to my motion. I reached around and stuck my finger on her wet clit, and played with her pussy.

I finally pulled out of her, and rolled over on to the bed. She snuggled next to me and I stroked her hair as she played with my chest and nipples with her fingernails. We enjoyed the feeling of being with each other as we kissed and fondled each other. I finally looked down and asked her if she wanted to go take a hot tub. She agreed, so I got up and turned on the water to fill up the tub. We took a shower while it filled, and I washed her beautiful body, taking my time to play with her breasts and nipples. I got on my knees as I washed and then played with her pussy with my mouth and fingers.

We finally made it over to the hot tub. We were both aroused and started to play with each other again. I eventually lifted her out of the tub to sit on the edge. I licked my way down her thighs, and then buried my head between her legs. She grabbed my hair, and pulled me into her even more. I fingered her pussy, and licked her clit as she put her legs over my shoulders. She told me how good that made her feel...

She looked at me and smiled, and whispered into my ear, "I think we might pull an all nighter!"