 James hiked his backpack over his shoulder and looked nervously before him. He took his suitcase from the kindly old taxi driver, declining his offer to help him bring it in for him. Taking a deep breath, he walked slowly up the walk, taking in his surroundings. His friends had said that he had been rather stupid renting a room without even going to see the place, but, he had been desperate, school started tomorrow and he had procrastinated to the point where there were no rooms left at the college dorm and he didn't want to spend his college years living with his parents. The older lady that he had called to rent the room sounded nice enough, but, he couldn't help wonder what he had gotten himself into.

Stepping up to the front door, he rang the bell and waited as he heard the sound of footsteps approaching the door from within. The woman that opened the door was far from who expected to be answering and he stepped back to look at the house number again, not sure if he had the right place.

"You must be James," she said laughing as she noticed his confusion. "I know I am not exactly what you were expecting, but, I assure you, you have the right place. I am Kaleigh Turner, the woman you spoke to on the phone was my housekeeper Mary Spencer, please do come in." Kaleigh stepped back from the door to allow him to enter. James blushed and picked up his suitcase walking past her into the house. Stopping on the landing he looked around slowly, taking in the exquisite design of the house and the expensive antique furniture. The elegance of the house made him feel a little out of place, he looked at Kaleigh again, his wonder shown in his eyes.

"I know what you were thinking," Kaleigh said laughing again, her voice musical. "How can I afford a place like this. Truth is, I inherited it from my grandmother and I can't really afford it, that is why I have decided to rent out the rooms. Your room is this way." Carrying his suitcase, James followed her down the long hallway to a room at the end. She opened the door to reveal a fairly large room that consisted of a four poster bed, dresser, desk and a stand which held a small television and stereo.

"I know it isn't much, but, I am sure it is better than anything you would have ended up in the dorms." Kaleigh said, moving to stand in the doorway.

"It is perfect, thank you," James said, placing his bag on the bed. It was almost too good to be true. A beautiful landlady, comfortable room, he was waiting for her to say what the catch was. Instead Kaleigh smiled at him and stepped out into the hallway.

"The bathroom is down the hall next to my room," she said pointing down the hall. "We will have to share, but, as long as you don't use all the hot water I am sure we will get along just fine. Mary usually has dinner ready at six and it is up to you if you would like to join us or have your dinner in your room."

"Sounds great," James said, still a bit flabbergasted. "You know I really appreciate this. If I hadn't seen the ad advertising the room for rent, I don't know what I would have done. I think I will take up your offer and join you for dinner tonight, but, right now I think I will unpack and relax a little" Kaleigh nodded her head and turned to leave again, heading down the hall to her own room.

James unpacked his clothes quickly and then took a nap, wanting to freshen up for dinner. He had found Kaleigh extremely attractive even if she was a little older than him, but, he was certain that he didn't have any chance with her. Still as he lay on his bed, he couldn't get her long blonde hair and blue eyes out of his mind as he drifted off to sleep.

After leaving James, Kaleigh retired to her room, a sly smile on her face. She had been instantly attracted when she had seen him standing here on her front porch. She had been a little leery about renting to someone she had not met, but Mary had assured her that he had seemed respectable enough over the phone. She was pleasantly surprised to find that Mary's instincts had been right and he didn't come in all that bad looking of a package either. It had been two months since Kaleigh had broken up with her boyfriend of six years and though she had plenty of toys to keep her occupied, she longed for the touch of another man. Undressing to take a shower, she thought of James' young, muscular body, curly brown hair and sexy green eyes. Her hands slid down her toned body, massaging her breasts and rubbing her pussy which she wasn't surprised was wet already with the thought of what she could do with James. She made a vow then that she was going to have him, one way or another, it was too good of an opportunity to pass up. Finishing up her shower, she dressed quickly in a short revealing dress and head downstairs for dinner.

"Well, I see you must have met the young man who will be staying with us," Mary joked when she saw what Kaleigh was wearing. "He sure must be handsome to warrant your attention Miss Kaleigh" 

"Oh hush Mary," Kaleigh said blushing slightly. Mary had been her grandmother's housekeeper for many years and knew Kaleigh like she was her own child. It was only recently that she had moved out of the house to an apartment of her own, only returning a couple times during the day to do the cooking and cleaning. She always left by nine o'clock each night and until Kaleigh had decided to advertise that she had a room to rent, she had always had the house to herself each evening. "He is kind of cute," Kaleigh said softly, not realizing that James had joined them until she heard him clear his throat in embarrassment behind her.

"Well, good evening James," she said, blushing slightly and sliding into her seat at the head of the dining table. "Please, have a seat, Mary is an excellent cook, you will love it." James tried to squash his embarrassment at what he had heard and slid into the chair. "Sure smells good," he said smiling at both of the women.

Mary quickly set before them a succulent dinner of roast turkey, mashed potatoes, vegetables and gravy. James eyes grew wide at the amount of food before him. "You have outdone yourself Mary," he said quietly as he began to fill his plate.

"Well, perhaps a little," the older woman said smiling at him. "But it is your first night here and they do say that first impressions are lasting impressions. I would hate if Miss Kaleigh ended up having a hard time keeping her boarders just because I decided to feed them hotdogs and Kraft Dinner on their first night here. Now, on my bingo night, that just may be what you will get, don't expect to eat like this all the time." Mary laughed at her own words as she walked back to the kitchen, wiping her hands on her apron.

"She seems nice," James said to Kaleigh once they were alone. Spearing some turkey on his fork, he began to eat , watching Kaleigh over the table. He couldn't help notice her gorgeous body and how it was displayed so sensuously for him in her tight dress. He felt a stirring in his pants that made him blush furiously. He looked down at his plate as he ate, trying to avoid looking at Kaleigh, not wanting to embarrass himself further.

"So what are you taking in school," Kaleigh's voice pulled him from his revelry and made him look at her. She was leaning over the table towards him, her cleavage showing nicely. 

"Um, psychology," he responded, almost choking on his food as she leaned forward more and he could almost see down her dress. 

"That is interesting," Kaleigh said, smiling to herself as she noticed his reaction to her obvious display of her ample cleavage. "I finished my degree in biotech last year but I am thinking about going back for something else, that is why I decided to rent out some of my rooms to help pay for my tuition if I decide go back. I am working at EcoCorp for the time being, but, I am growing tired of the job."

"I can understand that," James said, nodding his head. "I have not interest in biotechnology at all. It is all a little over my head I'm afraid." 

"It can be a little overwhelming at times, but, I find it rather boring lately," Kaleigh said laughing softly. Reaching under the table, she ran her foot slowly up his leg and smiled at him. James jumped at the feel of her foot, blushing slightly, feeling the bulge in his pants grow more "It is the same thing day in and day out, I am ready for something new."

"Any idea what you might want to take?" he asked, trying to ignore her foot which was creeping even further up his leg.

"I was thinking veterinary science or marine biology," Kaleigh replied her grin widening at his discomfort. She slid down in her chair a bit to be able to slide her foot further up his leg and along his inner thigh. James blushed furiously as he felt her foot brush against his hard cock and he had to hold back a moan as he tried to concentrate on finishing his supper.

"N..now something like that sounds interesting," he managed to choke out, shuddering as he felt her foot slide up and down his cock. He felt her foot move away as Mary walked back into the room carrying two bowls of fresh fruit covered in whip cream.

"I hope you like strawberries," she said as she set a bowl in front of him. Looking at him, she could see the blush burning his cheeks and knew that Kaleigh must have been up to her old tricks. Shaking her head she smiled at James sympathetically and went back to the kitchen, after placing Kaleigh's dessert in front of her.

"I have always liked strawberries," Kaleigh said picking up a strawberry from her bowl with her fingers. Running the berry along her luscious lips she smiled over a James before taking a bite of the juicy berry causing the juice to drip down onto her exposed cleavage. "Oh how clumsy of me," she said, sliding her finger along the top of her breast to wipe off the juice and then placed her finger to lips to lick the juice off, her eyes never leaving James as she did so. She smiled when she saw his eyes follow her hand and watch her intently as she sucked on her finger.

Picking up another strawberry from her bowl, she held it out to James. "It is really good, try it," she invited, her eyes friendly and seductive at the same time. James blushed again and looked down at his bowl, realizing that she had noticed him staring at her. "Umm, I have my own right here," he replied, picking up his spoon.

"Oh, come on, it is always better when it is someone else's," Kaleigh said, leaning forward to place the strawberry in front of his lips, her eyes staring intently into his. "You know you want to." Deciding to make the best of the awkward situation, James leaned forward and took the strawberry from her fingers, licking the juice off her finger as he did and smiling at her. He leaned in closer to her as if to kiss her.

Kaleigh shivered slightly as she felt his warm tongue on her finger and slid back into her seat, a sly grin on her face. She knew that he had been intent on kissing her and she could tell that she was arousing him more and more each minute by the uncomfortable way he was shifting in his seat as he picked at the fruit in front of him. Pushing away from the table she stood up and smiled at James.

"Its been a long day, I think I am going to head to bed early tonight," she said as she turned to leave the room. "I am sure you will be calling it an early night as well, considering you start class tomorrow." Smiling at him, she left the room and headed up the stairs to her bedroom.

James watched her go in dismay. He had been sure that her slow seduction was going to lead somewhere and here he was left sitting alone. He quickly finished his dessert and carried his and Kaleigh's bowls to the kitchen, handing them to Mary who stood at the sink.

"Thank you James," Mary said, taking the dishes from him. He prayed that she would not notice his erection which was still pressing uncomfortably against the front of his pants. "Where is Miss Kaleigh"

"She decided to retire early tonight," he replied, turning towards the kitchen door. "Dinner was delicious Mary, but, I think I am going to follow suit and go to bed early tonight."

"Well goodnight then," Mary said turning back to doing the dishes. She didn't even notice him slip away and up the stairs to his room.

Locking his bedroom door behind him, he flopped down on the bed and picked up a photography magazine off his nightstand. Photography being one of his passions, he decided to do a little research on a new camera he intended to buy before he went to bed. He flipped through the pages, hoping the distraction would help lessen the painful throbbing between his legs. He didn't know why, but damn, Kaleigh had managed to turn him on more than any of the soft porn he watched occasionally had ever managed to do. 

Setting the magazine down in frustration, he undressed and sat back on the pillows, his hand moving to slide over his hard cock. He sighed as he started to stroke it, his mind wandering back to Kaleigh in her tight dress and further to imagining her naked and squirming in pleasure beneath him. His breath quickened as he felt himself hurtling towards climax and an animalistic groan escaped his throat as he came, his cum covering his hand and onto the blankets beneath him. "Oh shit," he said, cursing himself for not preparing for the mess that he made. His mind had only been on relieving the painful hard on that had been driving to distraction.

Sliding off his bed, he pulled some tissue out of the box on the nightstand and cleaned up the mess, pausing as he heard footsteps outside his bedroom door. He held his breath, hoping that Kaleigh wouldn't take this moment to knock on his door. As the footsteps passed by and continued down the hall, he tossed the tissue in the garbage and slid under the blankets. He closed, trying to will himself to sleep but his mind kept wandering to Kaleigh and he felt his cock start to twitch in response again. Groaning, he rolled over on his side and closed his eyes tightly, finally managing to drift off to sleep.

Kaleigh walked quietly from the bathroom to her bedroom, pausing for a second outside James' door. She debated knocking and then decided against it as continuing to her room. Once in her room, she stripped out of her dress and threw it on the chair beside the bed. Sighing, she flopped down on the bed and lay against the pillows. She couldn't help smiling to herself at the memory of James' discomfort as she ran her foot up his leg. Sliding her hand over her bare stomach she ran her finger along the slit of her wet pussy and moaned softly. Rubbing her finger over her clit she arched off the bed, her breath coming as a gasp. As her mind drifted back to James she groaned in frustration and got up off the bed. Glancing at the bedside clock she saw that it was ten o'clock and well past the time that Mary left at. Slipping into her sheer robe, she opened up the bedside table and took out a set of silk scarves, smiling to herself. She wanted James and she would have him now, whether he wanted it or not.

Picking up her master set of keys off her dresser she slipped out of her room and walked quietly down the hallway. She was pleased to see that the light was off in James' room and there was silence on the other side of the door. Slipping her key in the lock, she unlocked the door, blessing the fact that she had new locks placed on the doors which were almost silent as unlocked it. Opening the door slowly, she peaked in the room, her eyes searching the darkness for James. A smile crossed her face as her eyes fell upon his sleeping figure on the bed. He lay on his stomach and the blanket had slid down to reveal his bare ass and the fact that he was sleeping nude.

Walking quietly across the room, she stood silently beside the bed and then leaned over and ran her hand down his back. James woke groaned in his sleep but didn't wake up, instead rolling over to give her a view of his half erect cock. A small sound of delight escaped her throat as she looked at him, pleasantly surprised at his size. Taking one of the silk ties, she moved to the end of the bed and tied it around his ankle, watching to see if he would wake up. She half hoped he wouldn't wake up until she had him entirely tied to the bed, but, realized that most likely wouldn't happen. She quickly tied his ankle to the post of the bed and then his other one. She move quickly and quietly to the head of the bed and took a hold of his hand that rested on his stomach. He grumbled in his sleep again as she tied his arm above his head. She was about to grab his other arm when his eyes flew open and he stared up at her. His mind still clouded from sleep made it a minute before he realized what was going.

"What the hell," he said, trying to sit up on the bed, grabbing the blanket with his free hand to cover himself. He pulled against on his other hand and feet, finding they held tight. His eyes grew accustomed to the darkness and he could see Kaleigh standing there, a sly smile on her face. As he reached to untie his other hand, she grabbed his arm and pinned it to the bed, her body pressing against his. Despite the situation he felt his cock stir with sudden arousal. "What are you doing Kaleigh," he said, his voice breathless.

"What does it look like," Kaleigh said smiling down at him. She leaned over and kissed his neck, drawing a moan from his throat. "I want you James and I always get what I want" She move to tie his other hand to the post and then kissed his neck again. 

"All you had to do was ask, Kaleigh," James said, his breath catching in his throat as she nibbled on his ear. "There is no need to tie me up."

"I know, but, it makes it so much more fun," Kaleigh replied as she kissed down the side of his neck and across his chest. She laughed at his sharp intake of breath as she took his nipple in her mouth and sucked on it softly. Sliding her hand down his stomach, she moved to tickle his inner thigh and then brush her finger tips over his hard cock.

"Ohh, Kaleigh," James moaned, his body arching towards her slightly. Her hand felt so nice against his body. He moaned even louder as her hand closed around his cock and she began to stroke it as she kissed her way down his stomach. Moving past his cock, she smiled up at him before lowering her head to kiss his inner thigh, nibbling on the soft skin. "Ohh fuck Kaleigh, don't tease, please." Kaleigh laughed and moved to lick up the side of his cock. He gasped loudly, a small whimper coming from his throat. He had never been with a woman before and he wasn't sure if he would last long if she continued to tease him like that.

Taking his cock in her mouth, Kaleigh sucked on it softly, feeling it grow harder in her mouth. She slid her hand between her legs and felt herself to be even wetter than before. She moaned around his cock as she rubbed her clit, her nipples growing instantly hard. 

"Kaleigh, please, I don't know how long I will last if you continue to do that," James said, his hips arching off the bed, his cock sliding deeper into her mouth making both of them moan loudly. James breath continued to quicken as he felt his cock start to throb in her mouth. Just when he thought he could take it no more, she slid her mouth off his cock, drawing a disappointed groan from his lips.

Grinning at James, Kaleigh straddled his waist and leaned over and kissed him. Her breast pressed against his bare chest as she slipped her tongue between his lips, pushing it against his. The feel of her body touching his and the heat radiating from her pussy which was hovered just over his erect cock made James moan again. He kissed her back passionately, his tongue battling with hers as he tried to push his cock up into her wet pussy. Kaleigh noticed his efforts and continued to tease him, sliding her pussy over his cock and then pulling away again, drawing a frustrated moan from his lips.
