 Could someone please tell me why hammocks are so damn comfy?  Perfect for a nap, or a night outside in the warm breeze, or for listening to a ballgame, or watching fireworks light up the summer sky... or for just gazing up into the stars.  

That's where I was, of course, the stars look so much more beautiful when seen from Hawaii; I still couldn't believe I was there.  And even more unlikely was the fact that she was my sexy travel companion.  I mean, how often do we wonder what it'd be like to have a free trip to Hawaii fall into our laps; did anyone really ever believe those "free trip just for listening to this phone call" come ons?  Well, it turned out to be true, at least this time.

Since it started out so unbelievably, I decided to press my luck, and ask her to come with me.  No, I had never actually met her, nor even spoken with her, but I felt like we'd come to know one another anyway.  Exchanging emails across the country had proved quite enjoyable, as well as eye opening, very mind-expanding.  She seemed like a perfect person for a dream trip like this.

Not that she believed me, at first; it took quite a bit of persuading before she decided I was telling the truth (not only persuading, but also I scanned the letter from the travel agency requesting my desired dates).  Once she determined that I wasn't just putting her on, she quickly acquiesced, hell-bent on escaping even for just a little while that cold, far-off place she called home.

So there we were, deep into the last week of our two-week jaunt; hard to explain just how much fun I'd been having.  I had been a little worried about how we'd get along, but we'd hit it off famously.  A big embrace at the airport, and we hadn't left each other's arms since.  All those emails back and forth, revealing our dreams and desires had worked their magic; it's like we were long-lost lovers meeting once again.

The weather had been cooperating too; sunny and warm, she'd found it unnecessary to wear much at all, a skimpy bikini by day, and tiny skirt over that at night.  Such a delight to look at, I noticed all the men staring with hunger in their eyes; those very eyes swaying in perfect match to the sway of her ass as she walks across the room.

Mmmmm, and that ass... if Hawaii is paradise, then her ass must be heaven.  The bikini bottoms clinging so tightly to her cheeks, just the right amount of flesh peeking out, make it difficult for me to control my hands; trying to grab, trying to cup, just aching to feel the warmth against my palms.  

What's most surprising is the quantity of bikinis she possesses.  We've been here a week and a half, and I've not seem the same one yet!  Some are black, some white, some a perfect shade to match her sparkling eyes, there's even an almost obscenely provocative pair consisting of a butterfly thong with a tiny string around her ass and the top, well, to be perfectly honest, I never looked at the top!  But my favorite pair is a sort of bronze color that blends right into her tan, making it appear that she's naked, and when she walks into the water, it appears to disappear, becoming VERY see-thru!

Not that her ass is the only thing worth looking at; her small, firm breasts must be coveted by most women.  She looks so sexy in a tank top, or a loose man's shirt barely fastened, allowing quick peeks at the peaks underneath.

However, it's her eyes that most grab me, holding me steady in their gaze.  The way they sparkle, the way they show her laughter and her lust, especially when paired up with that luminous smile.  Mmm, my heart beats faster whenever she graces me with that smile, lovely lips framing white teeth, that smile telling me all is well.  And the smile has been there the entire trip, even when she sleeps.

The place we're staying is right on the beach, along a secluded stretch, so we've been hanging out a lot right there at the water.  She's not shy, either, so those bikinis have been off most of the time as she perfects that perpetual tan of hers.  Can I complain?  As much as I love to see her strutting around in those sexy suits, her birthday suit is even better.  Of course, that means I've been in an almost constant state of arousal, perhaps the only state other than Hawaii that I'd rather  visit.

Her own arousal though more than matches my own, I've lost count of our sizzling encounters.  Is it the water here, or the sun, or just our compatible personalities and general lust of life?  Whatever the reason, we've done it in the water, on the sand, in the room in front of the open patio doors.  

I've slipped inside her velvety smoothness while dancing in a dark corner of a crowded nightclub, my hands sneaking up under her skirt to cup that wonderful ass, pulling her tightly against me. Our mouths were locked together in a spicy kiss, our moans drowned out by the throbbing beat of the music. 

Flirting with me in the car, her hands wandering all over my legs, she takes my hand in hers and lets me feel just how wet she'd become. I squeal off the road, parking right there at the top of the mountain, and when we leave the car I find she's climbed on top of me, riding me to a very noisy climax right there on the still-warm hood of our rental car, the rivets on my jeans putting deep scratches in the paint.

We've ridden the waves of passion aboard a sailboat as it bounces on the ocean, the setting sun turning everything a deep shade of red.  Our naked bodies writhe on the deck, water spraying from the waves hitting the boat cooling us as our passion heats us from within.  

I've slowly peeled each bikini off that luscious ass, my hands trying to melt right inside.  I must admit, uncovering that ass is like opening a birthday present each time, that one present you just KNOW is the best, the one you save for last.

But these past few days have been different, very different.  Still just as sexually charged as before, but with a slightly different flavor.

If anything, she's been even more aggressive, more sexual.  Taking every opportunity to rub her wonderful body against mine, she's been a non-stop tease.  My cock almost hurts from the constant arousal, I'm aching for release.  And that's just where the difference is; though she has no limits as to what she'll do to turn me on, she always stops right before I get off.  It's almost frustrating...okay, okay, I want to tear my hair out...god I want to cum!

The worst is when she'll rub that sweet pussy against my cock, I can feel just how soaking wet she's become.  So easy it'd be just to press inside her, yet she manages to dance away just in time.  She's not mean-spirited about it, not at all.  She just smiles and tells me it'll be worth it, that I only need be patient.

So that's where I am, gently swaying in this hammock, my balls so full, it's been three days since I've last cum...mmm, and what a great cum THAT was.  There's not much that could possible be more beautiful than the sight of her smiling lips wrapped around my cock, her head bobbing up and down my shaft, my fingers playing with her hair.  I didn't last long, COULDN'T last long with that beauty devouring me; and it felt so fucking good to explode in her mouth.

A push against the hammock brings me back to the present time; she stands before me, a white leather mini-skirt and a shimmering white silk tank top, so slinky and thin I can see the hint of her breasts inside it.

"Are you ready, baby?" she asks me, that sexy smile in place.

I can only nod my head, speechless as this vision stands before me.

She brings the hammock closer, my head slightly hanging off the edge.  Stepping over me, she spreads her legs wide as she unzips the mini-skirt.  I don't notice it falling to the sand, though, my eyes remain glued on that piece of pussy that I'm craving right there in front of me.  She's wet already, light from the moon reflected in her dew.  She lowers her body to my face, I smell her, then I taste.

Mmmm, forget coconuts or mangoes, this is the island treat I most desire.  She presses her pussy right against my mouth, my lips rubbing hers, my tongue swirling all about.  Her hips start to sway as she groans, my tongue diving deep within, trying to draw out every last drop of juice.  I could drink at her fountain for hours and never get full, my tongue teasing her clit, my teeth playfully nipping here and there.

She bends over me, almost joining me in the hammock, I can't see what she's doing, but I feel her fingers unbuttoning my shorts, then pulling out my cock.  The nighttime air is cool, but that coolness is cut short by the hotness in her breath.  Suddenly I feel the velvety smoothness of her mouth as it surrounds the head of my cock, her tongue lightly tracing around the rim.

I'm moaning right into her beautiful box, the vibrations from each sound tickling her just right.  I can feel her bearing down a bit more on me, grinding on my face, her juices running down my cheeks.

The hammock continues to sway, each time she presses down on my face, my hips bounce up into hers.  She takes me deep inside, her mouth so fucking hot as she swallows me.  Oh fuck, I don't think I can take much of this... I'm gonna cum right...

"Oh no you don't!" she shouts, ripping her mouth from my cock, gripping me tightly at the base.  Her other hand reaches down into a bag that lies right at her feet.  She pulls a cockring, one that has a leather strap to wrap tightly around my balls.  

"Tonight is your night, baby, but not quite yet."

I feel almost like crying, my cock is throbbing, bouncing in the air; I swear I'm going to cum, but the cockring puts pressure in just the right spot, nothing is getting through.

Frustrated, I make a move to stand up, but the hammock just swings wildly, and I end up with my knees in the sand and my hands tangled in the strings.

I hear a soft giggling behind me.  "Mmmm, baby, that's perfect, don't you dare move a bit."

Her feet kick my knees apart, and her hand reaches up under me, stroking my still-hard cock.  I hear her reach into her bag again, and then feel the cool wetness of some lube spread along my ass and balls.

Things are moving faster than I can comprehend, but it all feels so damn good.

Her hands now spread the lube all around, rubbing my balls, rubbing my shaft, her fingers even ramming my ass.

She bends her body against mine, her hands constantly rubbing as she whispers in my ear.  "You want me, don't you baby?  You want to be mine, right?"

She already knows the answer, she knows I'm hers to take.

"Well, the wait is over, tonight I'll take you, tonight I'll own you."

And with that her finger slips inside my ass.

Oh fuck it feels so good, gliding in and out, twisting around.  Soon it's joined by a second finger, and then a third.  I never knew it would feel so good to be filled like this.  My cock continues to throb, swaying in time to each plunge of her fingers.  
Her mouth moves from my ear, kisses planted along my neck, sucking on my shoulder.  Her fingers pump on, the pace increasing, and my hips respond in kind, meeting each thrust with a thrust of their own.

"Tell me what you want!" is her softly worded order, an order with which I must comply.

"I want you to take me, I want you to fuck me!"  I barely manage to grunt out, my breath already taken hostage by the excitement.

Her fingers pull out, I'm left empty, wanting, my ass pushing back into the air.  Her hand is on my neck, holding me down in the hammock.  "Don't you move an inch!” she shouts, so I remain still.

I hear her rusting in her bag again, and a few moments later I feel a cool thickness pressing against me.  My eyes close as she pushes inside me... so thick, so hard, spreading me open.  Further and further it goes, until I feel her skin against mine.  Slowly she begins to draw out.  

"NO!" I cry out, not wanting it to be over.  But it's not over, it's only just begun; she slowly fucks me, moving in and out, her hands on my hips, controlling the pace.

I can't believe how good this is, the waves crashing into the shore, palm leaves blowing in the wind, and best of all, she's grinding into me, fucking me like I've never ever been fucked before.  She picks up speed, hammering inside me, her pussy bumping against me at the end of each thrust.  My ass is impaled on her, filled up and taken.  Suddenly I feel her hand wrap around my swollen cock.  She's stroking me, matching each pump of her own.

"Are you ready, are you ready to cum?" she asks, her own breath becoming ragged.  "Please, please, please, please" is my only response.

She rips the cockring off me, my cock feeling bigger than it's ever felt before, her hand gliding up and down.  And with the next thrust from her, my cock explodes, over and over and over again. She's crying out as well, and her thrusts get even faster.

And then it stops, she collapses on top of me, her "cock" still deep inside.  I can feel her heart pounding against my back.  I can feel her breath against my neck.  And though I can't see it, I can feel the smile on her lips pressed against my skin.

We just lay there like that for a while, neither speaking nor making any attempt to move.  The breeze cooling us down, drying the sweat that formed upon our skin.  My mind fills with a million thoughts, wondering what is next to come, wondering how this has happened, wondering, hoping that this will happen again.

Finally I speak, my voice filled with emotion.  "You see, I am yours, you really do own me; I've never felt like this before."

She just nods against me, her hands soothing me, petting lightly against my skin.

"But since you own me, you've got to take care of me, right?... and right now I need a tall, cool drink... so chop chop!"  I say with a laugh.

And her only reply is a sharp, swift slap on my ass.