 Recap:

Sometime last year, just prior to my 52nd year on the planet, I finally got fed up with my excess weight and came to terms with the fact that I need to go to some extreme in order to lose it. I knew I had to get away from the desk and do something active. I needed to take the reins and find my "carrot!" 

Of course, I knew what my 'carrot' was. It was sex. So with the help of CraigsList, (see Chapt. 1 for my ad) I found some willing workout partners and began "interviewing" for my new trainer.

Candidate #2 – Robert

Next up was Robert. Robert had written a particularly good response and I was intrigued with his subsequent emails. 

Robert's Response:

"I am indeed intrigued assuming that you are also sane, harmless, pleasant personality and very discreet, I will send a face pic -- if I indeed pass the written audition and receive a reply back. 

I am 45, white educated professional, married (yes, I know, but neither of us want to jeopardize our marriages so perhaps betters to play with another married person, right?), male; blond/blue-eyed tan/fit, clean & DD free, with high libido and very much sane and rational with good sense of humor and a conversationalist... 

I exercise regularly and if you have a bike go riding with you. I live (near me) and am flexible in the mornings...I have very hi libido (in a sexless marriage) and can go for a while and come a few times; and I love oral! After we work out I am great at massage and we can take turns trading/exchanging long slow unrushed deep tissue/sensual massages with hot oil (perhaps even first for an extended foreplay session) - then a long hot soapy shower together. 

Please tell me more about yourself if genuinely interested and I will send a face pic."

After a few more emails back and forth, I invited him over on Monday afternoon. He called me from the road and we stayed on the phone until he parked and met me in the parking lot. The first thing he did when he realized that it was indeed me, was kiss me. Nice! 

"Are you worried about the neighbors?" he asked.

It was a good question since we were in the middle of the parking lot of a large complex. 

"No, there aren't many folks around right now and they have no idea. You could be a cousin, right?" I replied.

"Why don't you come up and we can get comfortable."

He was dressed impeccably academia! Wool pants in a dark tan, nice colorful pinstripe button down dress shirt and professorial glasses completed his prep look. I was attracted to him right off the bat, he's very cute with a cool wave of upright straight (and very soft) hair on top and short cropped around the rest and in good shape. 

I wasn't planning on doing anything but going for a walk, but the Goddess had something else in store for me and my new friend. I was expecting my BF to be home at the usual time, but he got a call from one of my long-time lovers who is also friends with the BF, and they went out for a drink (my lover "T" later said he was giving me more time with my new friend!).

Robert was just too good to let go of so quick. We went for a short walk along the water and talked about his work, education, each other's situation with our respective partners. He's married and she's not into sex anymore. That's good for me, because he's very sexual and very sensual. Turns out he has great lips as well as a nice, gentle touch. 

We came back upstairs ostensibly to get the keys to the gym so that I could show him, but ended up talking. Then he offered to show me some stretches. I laid my mat down and he instructed me to lie down too. 

He hovered over me for a moment, the leaned in to kiss me tenderly. 

"Can I take my pants off? He asked.

"Of course," I said, "Make yourself comfortable." 

Off came the pants. I was still fully dressed when he straddled me and began stretching my legs using his arms, his legs and his entire body. First he took my right leg and bent it at the knee, placing my foot against his chest and leaning down over me, pressed my bent leg into my chest and lowered his face down very close to my face. He smiled his sweet smile while I breathed deeply through the stretch. He did the left leg the same way and then took my right leg and placed it straight up over his shoulder and bend down again stretching my hamstring until I let out a little moan. We didn't talk. I let him bend me and stretch me like that for a few more minutes and I could see he was getting hot. I started feeling turned on as he brought both my feet together against his chest with my knees out to the side and gave me a good abductor stretch. There he was, his face inches from mine, leaning into me with my legs stretched wide. It was very sensual. 

"Turn over," he commanded. 

I did as told, so that he could stretch my arms back. That hurt a little, but then he massaged my shoulders and back a little and slowly slid his hand down my pants and down the crack of my ass. It was hot and I knew I was in for a session with him. We both undressed on the floor kneeling in front of each other, kissing and exploring with fingers and lips. He undid my bra and freed my breasts.

"Mmmmm, it sure would be nice to be in between those!" he told me.

"Yes indeed," I agreed, "they make a nice sandwich!"

He stood up over me and I wrapped my hand around his sack and licked his balls running my hot tongue up along the underside of his cock. He's not particularly well endowed, but he makes up for it in technique and substantial sensuality.

It was pretty clear that he wanted to fuck me as he positioned me in front of him on the yoga mat and pulled my legs down around him so that he could enter me. He was ready. I took his swelling cock into my hand and helped guide him in. 

"Mmmm. Wow! You are ready, aren't you?" I said, breathlessly, as he thrust his way in.

He fucked me with his eyes wide open for a long time before turning me over and fucking me just like I like it, nice and hard, from behind.

"Arrrh! Ohhhh, shit! Yeah! Mmmmmm!" he cried out as he came. 

He pulled out and lay there on the floor for a time while I cuddled up next to him. We talked softly, enjoying the moments after a sweet release and the new comfortableness we had found. 

It was getting late and I asked him to go before the BF got home.

"I hope you'll come again," I told him at the door.

I like this guy! Unfortunately, he lives pretty far away, so I doubt he'll get back here often, but he says he's available sometimes. I'd like to trade stretching and massage with him and more.

Candidate #2 – Jorge

Jorge sent me two professional-looking photos of himself along with these few words,

"43, Spanish, very spiritual"

Even though I had decided not to reply to those who didn't write something back, I was intrigued with his photos – a lithe, athletic, muscular build in a compact body with a very sensual body language, long straight hair and an angelic face. Very sexy! He really looks more 30ish. 

I replied:

"Hola, A man of few words? Very nice photos. You must be a model, eh? Tell me a bit about yourself, what you're looking for and whether or not you're really interested in trading workouts for workouts? Hope so! I've attached a couple of pics for you to help you decide."

I guess he liked the pics! His next email read,

"Hola , my name is Jorge (Spanish/Cuban) yes. I am interested in helping you workout; especially now that I saw your pics. I would love to come over and help you. I am 40 very sweet, love to work out. thanx for the compliment but I am not a model. I didn't write anything before because there is so much spam on CL that I like to find out the truth behind an ad first. So what did you have in mind? you can call me. Xxx-xxx-xxxx."

With his next pic, he wrote this:

"btw, I love eating pussy...and yours looks so good."

Mmm, that got my attention! I called him Tuesday afternoon and we had a very nice talk about what we're doing. He's obviously intelligent and yes, very sweet. We made tentative plans to meet Wednesday. He asked me what I was looking for and I explained that I was serious about wanted someone who was familiar with the gym and able to help me get a good routine going, someone who I also could enjoy playing with. He asked about my BF, whether or not we lived together. He said that was cool but that he was looking to have one lover at a time and wanted to know if that was cool with me. Of course! I think that's the best situation, actually. Much safer.

Looking over the long list of replies to my ad, I decide that "Number 4" will most likely be Terry or Eric or Tony, (who looks to be the best hung).

Wednesday: I met Jorge this afternoon. He came up to my place. Once in the door, he kissed me and gave me a nice hug after I closed the door. That's when I noticed that he wore too much cologne. Very Latin. He was wearing a button down black shirt, tight jeans and some very cool black biker boots. His hair was a little shorter than in his pic, and colored. His premature gray roots were showing. His face was cuter than in his close up pic. 

I was dressed for the gym and had planned to go there first, but I was too intrigued with this guy to leave. 

"What would you like to do?" he asked me.

"Well, let's get to know each other, shall we? I said, leading him over to the couch.

We sat and talked for a little while about work. He asked to see my website, but I showed him some of my writing instead. He was impressed and began telling me all about his screenplay that he's been working on. Every now and then he would lean in and kiss me, tenderly. I got the sense that he was holding it together, but really wanted to jump me. We stood in my office, kissing and touching until I suggested that we sit again. Once on the couch, he jumped on me and started kissing more passionately. I cupped his crotch with one hand and his head with my other. I felt his bulge growing, and though, "Not bad but not what I was hoping for." I was hoping that he'd be similar the other small guys I've known who packed a big package. Oh well, he certainly made up for it with his sweet, passionate kisses. He started playing with my breasts and released one from my workout bra! 

"I love your huge breasts," he told me – a few times! 

He took a nipple into his mouth and sucked tenderly. That made me quiver and moan. 

"I love having my nipples sucked and pinched," I told him. He gazed up at me and sucked harder. I let him tease my tits until I was ready to jump him, but instead I took his hand in mine and stood up to lead him into the bedroom. We stood by my big bed and undressed. I left my panties on as I climbed on to the bed and likewise, he left his tightie-whities on too! Sitting in front of me, he took both my breasts into his hands and brought them together so that he could suck both nipples simultaneously which made me really moan. 

"Do you like that," he asked. "Do you like me?"

"Yes," I told him. 

"Good, because I'd like to become your new Boy Toy! He said 

"Sure!" I said quickly. "I can see that you're a lot of fun."

Since he had made a point to tell me how much he liked oral sex, I decided to start with that. I asked him to lay down and I crawled up between his legs, running my hanging tits over his balls and cock. Then I ran my tongue over them, followed by my breasts again, but this time, I sandwiched his cock between them, squeezing them around his dick. I leaned my head down and licked the tip of it as it slid out from between my tits. He moaned appreciatively and smiled. I soon discovered that he was more passive in his lovemaking than he let on and even though he had boasted about how much he loved to lick, I pretty much had to ask him to give me head. I sucked him twice. The first time, I got him good and hot and then climbed on top. While grinding away on his cock, I asked him if he wanted to be inside me and he said yes. So, I guided him in and we were both staring into each other's eyes, enjoying the feeling. 

"You are so wet!" He told me. "And warm!" 

"I didn't really think we'd fuck," he said. "If I had known, I would have brought my Viagra! I'm at least an inch longer when I take it!" 

I'd never heard that one before! It made me laugh. He promised he would next time.

"You feel just fine." I told him. 

"I want you to cum," he said as I slide back and forth over his crotch.

"I'll need some direct stimulation," I let him know. 

We fucked with me on top then with him on top for about 15 minutes until he told me that he sometimes had trouble cumming. He got off and lay down next to me and started playing with himself. I took the cue and started sucking him again. 

"Mmmmm, I like that!" he said.

"I'm sure I could make you cum this way," I boasted in between slurps.

I made him last a little longer before picking up speed. He gave me good feedback, telling me to go faster.

"Yes, just like that! Don't stop baby!" He said. "Mmmmm, oh yes! That's so good." 

I let him cum in my mouth. He gave me a big load too. I got up to rinse and just as I came back to bed, he told me that my phone was ringing. It was my BF. I felt bad leaving him laying on the bed alone while I listened to the BF talk. When I got back to the bed we talked some more before he got up and dressed, saying he had to go. We kissed at the door and he said he'd be in touch. We shall see.

After showering, I replied to two more guys via email. Each one sounds good. I got a call back from Juan, who I had emailed back and fourth with over the last day or two. He seems quite young and is a college student who lives pretty close by. He finally sent me a dick shot and he's also pretty small. Oh well. We have tentative plans to meet Friday morning. So perhaps I'll get a workout in at least. I really need to focus on the goal! More gym workouts - first! Before we get into the sex!

Candidate #3 – Juan

Thursday:

I met Paul today, after sending him an email reply yesterday. He was quick to want to meet since he's off on a skiing trip tomorrow. I didn't know if I could even make the time, but it worked out that I had an hour so I invited him over to go for a walk. He lives pretty close, by the beach, so he was here fast and we walked along the water and talked. He's shy though and didn't make one move to kiss me until he was leaving. I was very clear with him about what I want and he seems to be interested. He's married and "bored" as he put it. So he's still a candidate I guess. We'll have to wait to see how he performs. 

I got another email from Mark. He wanted to come see me for "sexercise" (as he put it!) since he didn't have enough time to workout! Since I didn't have anything else during that hour today, I said ok and then told him that he owed me one! He was on it at the door, kissing and fondling me before I had it closed. I led him to the bedroom where we striped. He started kissing me at the edge of the bed, then lifted me up onto the edge, pulling me close. Next, he began tweeking my nipples, like seriously!! It hurt cause it was too hard too soon, but I let him go on. He knew I like it, but asked,

"Is that ok?" Do you like it?" he asked just to make sure. 

"Yeah, it was just a little too intense at first." I replied.

Then he dove down and did a little licking before my pounding! This time, I had my little mighty vibe out and he seemed cool with that. 

"I'm cool with just about anything you can imagine," he told me. 

"Good 'cause I want to cum with your hard cock pounded away inside me, from behind." I said.

He was all for that! He didn't have any trouble cumming this time! He fucked me hard and fast, slipping out a couple of times while I used the vibe on my clit. 

"Ahhhh, yeah! Oh that's great!" I moaned as he slammed his cock into my wetness. "I'm close, baby. I'm gonna cum soon, all over your hot cock. Are you ready?"

I was getting close to orgasm, which got him real excited. 

"Yes baby, cum for me. YES! Do it! YES!" I told him, "Cum with me!" 

And he did, quite loudly. I was a little worried that we might break the bed! Much better this time.

Tomorrow, "T" is coming by. On the phone, he told me, 

 "I want you to be flooded before I get there. I want you to get him out the door as soon after he cums as you can! I'll wait on the stairs and when I see him leave, I'll come in and slide my big dick inside that slick cunt of yours."

"T" likes sloppy seconds. 

It's Friday and its Juan's day to work me out. And man did he ever! 

Here's Juan's reply:

Hello, how are you? My name is Juan, I'm Spanish, in good shape, I would like to assist you in getting u in shape in a fun way. All we need to start is a 15 pound dumbell. And then we can move on. If you interested we can start today. Thanks here's my no. xxx-xxx-xxxx."

Juan came over and when he showed up at my door, I was a little intrigued. He's quite tall, 6'6" and in pretty good shape since he used to play football. Oh, and he's 22! That makes me 30 yrs older than him! OMG! That's even hard for me to fathom. The good news is that he was awesome in the gym. He really put me through a great workout. Really killed my arms! The not so good news is that he's very young and inexperienced in bed, and he was very passive in bed. I showed him how appreciative I was for the great workout and gave him a blow job that he'll no doubt recall fondly. We fucked with me on top, then him on top and then me on all fours at the edge of the bed with him fucking me from behind. He's THAT tall! I guess we were even. I got a good gym workout and he got a good orgasm!

"T" came over about an hour later and fucked me nice and slow for like 20 minutes while I tried to cum but couldn't. I waited until he left and made myself cum with my mighty vibe and the big pink dildo. 

My libido knows no bounds these days. I've fucked and sucked seven guys this week and met one more. The week started out with Michael and he's still my favorite and ended with Juan, who gave me a good hard pounding and a good workout in the gym, but I don't think I'll ask him back. 

Next time, I get to meet Charles and he seems like the best candidate since he's a professional!