 The next time I saw Michelle was practically 20 years later. I had looked her up online and we started exchanged e-mails. We had both had 2 kids gotten married and she was now divorced, living in her parents house. I mentioned that my band was playing near her town that weekend and she agreed to come.

The week dragged by. I couldn't wait to see her. I had thought previously about driving by her house to see what she looked like, but I resisted.

When the date came, I set up my equipment and waited with a Sam Adams at a table. Would we even recognize each other? I looked at everyone who entered when a couple of girls came through the door. I ran to meet them when I heard the drums and guitar...it was time to play.

At the end of the night she came up to me. I hardly recognized her. Her hair was long instead of short, she had added a bit of weight, what you would definitely call big and beautiful...but there was no mistaking the eyes. They cut right through me. She said she could wait as I packed and I finished up...quickly.

The air was brisk as we walked to her friend's car and said goodnight. As we gazed into each other's eyes reflecting how nice it was to see each other again, we hugged and I kissed her cheek...gently...moving closer towards her lips. At once an innocent kiss involved our tongues and we locked lips for a few minutes. Her friend Lori beeped and we parted. 

"I'll see you again?" she asked.

"I'll call you."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *** 

Thus began our torrid affair. We would meet when we could, talking and discussing our lives, but at the end always ending up groping each other in the back of a car. She was so giving with her body. Her breasts were now enormous and her nipples responded to my tongue with ever-increasing hardness. 

We had both agreed that sex was out of the question. We were only here for the companionship and a bit of lost affection. At what point had it crossed the line?

Perhaps late at night after one of our ever-increasing bookstore visits. We had finished our coffees and were in the parking lot. The autumn air was cool and brisk. Neither of us had a coat.

"I'm cold," she said. 

I opened the door to her car and said, "We can talk in here if you'd like"

I entered the passenger's side and our lips locked with heated intensity. My hands moved under her red cardigan as she let out a soft moan. I could feel her hard nipples underneath the thick fabric of her bra.

This couldn't be just a night of heavy petting. I really needed to fuck her. My cock was straining against the fabric of my jeans as I moved over her, unbuttoning her sweater revealing only a beige satin bra.

She was gorgeous. Looking into her eyes I wanted only to hold her and possess her once again. The years added only a honeyed sweetness to my little girlfriend. The weight she had added only made me feel like I had been blessed with a girl who made me feel like I couldn't get close enough to her. I wrapped her in my arms and nuzzled my lips into her neck as she peeled off my shirt.

"God your skin feels good," she said as I made every effort to connect as much of it as possible to hers. SHe leaned up and allowed me to unclasp her bra. Her breasts gloriously spilled out in front of me and I took her left nipple in my mouth.

My tongue flicked over it, letting it harden before I sucked on it some more. I could feel her writhing beneath me as I reached across to lower the back of the seat. I did the same to the passenger side and she scooted over to me letting me position myself on top of her.

"46G.....If you want to know." she said.

"Know what?" I asked.

"My bra size. You seem to like them. I knew you wouldn't ask."

"They're beautiful," I said and my mouth descended on her right nipple as her hand caressed the back of my neck, pleading for me to keep on.

"My tits get so sensitive...."

My hands moved over her, exploring every inch of her body. I caressed her belly letting my finger wander beneath the waistband of her jeans.

"No....we can't," she said as she moved my hand away.

I complied, instead letting myself sink back into her open legs. I could feel how hot and wet she was for me. How she wanted to fuck as badly as I did. But this wasn't just sex. We were falling in love with each other all over again...and we knew it. Making love would add a whole new element.

"But do you want to, Michelle?" I asked.

"I don't think it's a good idea to say what I want."

I planted my lips onto hers and we kissed hard and long. I ground my hard hot cock into her damp crotch and let her feel what she'd be missing as her hands grabbed my ass and pushed me into her more fully.

As we kissed, our bodies grew more slick with sweat. The inside of the car thick with fog. Suddenly...she pushed me off of her onto the driver's seat. I thought the evening was over when she bent over and hurriedly unzipped my jeans. I lifted up and she pulled them down exposing my 7 inch cock, bobbing in the night air.

She took it hungrily in her mouth. As she sucked and lapped at it, her hand stroked the length. Her curly blonde hair bobbed in ringlets as she took the entire shaft into her mouth, at times gagging a bit. I took her left breast into my hand, caressing the nipple as this cock-hungry goddess sucked me off like a caged beast. I wasn't going to last long.....

" Oh god....Oh fuck...honey....I'm gonna cum!........"

She knew she was in charge and she pumped my cock to unleash a flood of come. Pulse after pulse shot into her as I pushed her head onto my hard shaft. As much as she tried to swallow, a stream of thick milky cum ran down her chin and onto her neck as she lifted up to kiss me.

I could still taste my own cum as our tongues danced. My still stiff cock remained in her small hand as I leaned over to kiss her further. I could tell me hardness wasn't going to abate until I was inside her.

I took the opportunity to get back between her legs. We kissed hungrily, dry-fucking like two crazed teenagers.

"What are you thinking now?" I dared asked.

"That it's really hot and humid in here," she replied.

I opened the window and a blast of October air entered the car. Michelle's nipples became gumdrops and I eagerly returned to sucking on them. If she bore any signs of weariness from the attention I applied to her tit, she hid them. Instead, her arm once again cradled me to her breasts as I ministered to their creamy glory.

My hands once again wandered. Michelle gave the best head I've ever had, or even dreamed of having still it wasn't enough as my hard cock tried to break through her jeans.

I let my right hand move between her legs. Her crotch was sopping with want. I moved my hand up to enter her pocket and again, I felt her wrist move it away...

This was different, though. She moved my hand to the button of her jeans.

"Are you sure," I asked.

"Are you?" she replied as we unzipped her out of her jeans.

The thoughts of excitement as we undressed...panic....doubt...lust....love.

We were naked. Sweating. Cold. Trembling as she guided my cock into the wet folds of her pussy. I moved into her slowly, praying not to hurt this little flower of a woman....who 20 years ago was a mere girl...my girl...who I loved deeply.....

As I sunk my self fully into her, I stopped....

"Are you OK," she asked...

Was I? Is anyone ok if they've go something they waited this long for?

"I just needed to savor how it feels to be inside you...."

She took her arm and moved my ear to her lips, licking the inside of it as she said, "Please don't cum inside me. I'm not on anything."

We moved slowly at first. Each of us impressed by the newness of sex...of love...of just fucking. Getting over the awkwardness a second at a time, we moved faster as our destiny moved us closer.

Michelle is so beautiful. I watched her body beneath me as we made love. As every curve heaved and bounced beneath me, my cock stretched to its absolute limit. My rigid length felt every contour of her tight wet slit and as my shaft moved in and out of her, I felt her tense....

Her hands gripped me and pushed me deeper inside her as she locked up beneath me...

"Oh fuck....unhh....ohh.oh........oh god....oh yesss!!!!!!!

As she screamed beneath me, I felt my own cum building up. Could I pull out in time?

"Fuck.....Yess!!!!...Oh honey....please....I'm so close....yes....yes.......Oh God. I'm cuuuuumminng!!!!!!"

As she shuddered beneath me in exhaustion from her orgasm, I pulled my cock from her spurting wave after wave of hot white cum. I had no control. My cock was a hydrant of cum spurting ribbons of silver-white onto my lovely doll's porcelain neck, chin, breasts and belly. I say truly to you, that I have never, nor will I probably ever have an orgasm that intense ever again.

We lay in the car, looking into each other's eyes.

"I love you."