 I sat on the patio of the outdoor bar, watching the fish and sea creatures swim underneath the plexiglass flooring. The night was warm with a light breeze fluttering across the bar. I sipped my Mai Tai and wondered if the fish were intently watching us like I was watching them. 

This has been a very long week, and not for the first time, I was questioning if I should have come to Hawaii or not. The views were gorgeous, the sites were interesting and the activities were fun. However, this was supposed to have been my honeymoon, and I was alone. 

Well, technically, not alone. My best friend had come with me. Just seven days before my wedding, I'd found the man of my dreams with the best man, doing the things that we were supposed to be doing on our wedding night. He'd begged and pleaded with me not to cancel the wedding, but I had no other choice. My best friend, Chrissie, who was also the maid of honor had graciously taken his place on an all-expense paid trip to Hawaii for the week. 

While she'd made the most of the nightlife here, I hadn't felt up to hitting the singles scene again already. So I hung out at the hotels, drinking fruity concoctions and feeling sorry for myself. Chrissie kept saying that I needed to get back on the horse again, by which she meant I needed to get laid. 

I just wasn't in the mood for it. Most of my day was spent walking around town, seeing the sites amongst the hundreds of married couples who swarmed around me. For some reason, the newlyweds had loved Pearl Harbor, which seemed about as unromantic as you could get, but I had bumped elbows with them looking at the Arizona. 

The bartender brought over another drink, this time a Bombay Sling. I wasn't sure what was in it, but it had a kick. Since tomorrow would be spent flying home to face the questions and the pitying glances I had decided to get trashed tonight. I might as well have some fun before going home. 

My plan involved ordering any drink that sounded like it belonged in the tropics. It was working. I was on my third drink so far, but frankly, I was nursing them. I'd been here nearly two and a half hours, and not finding the release I was looking for.

The bartender looked at me again and gave me a smile. He was an okay sort, but not my type. He was older than me, probably 35 or so, and had that too many hours at the gym build that I didn't like. If anything was going to happen tonight, I wanted someone who met my criteria. I wasn't going to label myself desperate now or ever. 

I went back to my drink and watched as the sun began to dip across the horizon. It turned a brilliant orange that suited my mood. I felt better in this place, watching the gorgeous passing of time here. 

Chrissie wasn't here to enjoy nature. She'd gone out to a club. A taxi had picked her up a couple of hours ago, so she could get something to eat and go dancing one last night. I'd ordered room service and eaten alone. My meal had been delivered by a gorgeous man, a Hawaiian who had been dressed in traditional attire. That meant that he only wore a lawa-lawa, which was the equivalent of a Speedo, and a kihei, which was a type of cloak that covered up part of his torso. I'd been surprised to see him in this outfit, given that most of the men here merely wore loud print shirts and board shorts. 

My thoughts went back to him again, but I figured he'd probably already gotten off his shift and gone home. I wasn't sure that I'd be good company anyway. I was a bit shocked when a few minutes later, he came out to the bar. He sat down on a barstool and started talking to the bartender. He caught my eye at one point, and I smiled at him. 

A group of about ten revelers came in. Of course, it was an even number of guests, and I was sure that they were all honeymooners. The bartender was swamped, and I waited patiently for whatever my next drink was going to be. 

The man in the traditional Hawaii dress came over carrying a large fruity drink. "Did you order the blackberry vodka sangria?" 

I nodded. "I guess so. The bartender is just supplying me with fruity drinks for the evening."

He shrugged. "It's nice to have a theme for the night." He sat down without being asked. "Long day, and I'd rather not be at the bar with all of the party crowd. Otherwise, I'll be running errands for them all night for no tips."

I looked at him. "Should I be tipping you for the drink?"

"Nah, let me hide out here for a bit, and we'll call it even, okay?"

I nodded. The sun had begun to dip beyond the horizon now, and the sky had dimmed to a deeper shade of purple. The effect was amazing. I felt almost mellow here.

He followed my gaze to the sunset and smiled. "Not too bad, eh?"

I smiled at him. "It's better than the hazy sunsets we get on the coat," I admitted. 

The bar area had cleared out somewhat, but I wasn't sure where they'd all gone. My companion got a beer for himself and returned. "I'm Luka by the way. We met earlier when I brought you dinner. Going solo tonight?"

"You could say that. I'm here with a friend. She's out for some last night partying, and I decided to take it easy. I'm Jade, by the way." I held out a hand, and he shook it. His grip was firm and the skin was smoother and less worn that I'd expected. 

He eyed the drinks. "Doesn't look like you're taking it too easy," he smiled. 

"Just something to keep me occupied. I'm pacing myself. I don't want a hangover for the flight home tomorrow."

He rolled his eyes. "Those are the worst."

Looking at him now, I could see more of his body. His skin tone was dusky, only a few shades darker than most of the tanned tourists in the area. His torso was smooth and firm. He obviously worked out, and it showed. His pecs, or what I could see of them, were rounded and defined. He had black tufts of hair under each arm. 

His legs were another matter. He had the defined calves and thighs of a surfer, but they were covered in thick black hair, the opposite of his upper body. Having had just enough to drink to lose some reserve, I shifted, wondering if he was wearing anything under the garments. 

"I have on boxer briefs," he said simply. He tugged down the waistband of the clothing to show a band that read "Fruit of the Loom." It seemed rather modern for the rest of the outfit. "You wouldn't believe what some people do. I've had women try to pull down my pants before. Good times." He took a drag off the beer.

I felt my face flush, but I hoped it wasn't too noticeable in the half light. I'd been caught behaving badly. I wasn't used to that. Normally, I played by all the rules. 

"Not that I blame you," he added. "If the situation were reversed, I'd be checking to see what you were wearing as well." He gave me a smile to show that he was okay with the situation. 

Now I blushed for another reason. He was flirting with me, and I was totally out of practice at it. I pulled down my shorts enough to show the lacy band of a thong I'd bought for my honeymoon. "They're not fruit of the loom, but I like them," I said with a smile. 

I apparently had his interest now. He sat up straighter. "Not bad at all, but I doubt that anyone has tried to pull off your shorts today."

I sighed. "The night is still young."

"It is, isn't it?" He made a motion to the bartender who brought him another beer. He popped off the cap and took a long draw on it. "Listen, I can't stay out here too long. The boss doesn't like it when we hang out with the guests. It's frowned upon."

I'd been expecting a pick-up line at some point, a suggestion to go to my room, maybe but I hadn't expected honesty. He was speaking the truth, and I decided to be as honest. "Look, I'm leaving tomorrow."

He stood. "Are you telling me no, or just not to get too attached?" He picked up his beer and took another drink. 

"Well, we're not going to the chapel after this." I stood up too and motioned for the check. 

Luka smiled. "He already added it to your tab. I had an idea that this might happen."

I led him back to the room in silence. He knew where we were going since he'd delivered dinner earlier that evening. I opened the door, and he held it open to let me enter. The patio doors were open, and a gentle breeze ran through the room. I took the "do not disturb" sign from the desk. I leaned past him, letting my breasts brush up against him as I hung out the notice for Chrissie. I didn't feel too bad, since it was a free trip for her. 

The move had loosened the kihei, and he shucked out of it. The garment fell to the floor, and he stood there in just the loose fitting loincloth. He looked less exotic than he had, but he still looked well built. 

I took a few steps towards him and kissed him on the lips. My first kiss to him was gentle, a refresher course in how to make out. His lips were soft and I felt them part as he pressed back against me. His arm circled my waist, and I moaned softly against his lips. The noise emboldened his tongue which now sought to enter my mouth. I let it, and his tongue eagerly found mine and caressed it almost like the breeze. 

I hadn't realized my hunger for human touch, but my hands found his face and cupped it between my palms. One hand slowly began to drop to his neck and then to his chest. His heart was beating fast, and I liked the feeling of knowing I had done that to him. His skin was smooth and my hand slid down to his waist and then up his back. His arm brought me nearer still to him. 

The kiss had grown hungry on both of our parts, moving from gentle to wetter and sloppier with the desire just under the surface. He broke from the kiss for a second to start unbuttoning my blouse, while my mouth found his neck. My tongue and lips took turns along his jawline, licking and nipping as he continued to remove my clothes. He let me go long enough to remove my blouse, but my body missed his touch when he did. Without asking, I unsnapped my bra and slid out of it as well. His arm quickly moved back around my waist, and his mouth met mine again. 

Now his fingers traced the skin of my breasts. Two fingers found one of my nipples and tweaked it, provoking a guttural moan from me. The noise came from deep inside me, expressing a desire that I hadn't know I'd been holding. The moan emboldened him, and he took the nipple in his mouth and licked at it until it was rock hard. He moved his mouth to the other one and repeated the maneuver. I only had to stand there and enjoy the feeling of him against me. 

Knowing what I wanted. I quickly undid my shorts and let them drop to the floor. We both knew that I only had on the barest of lacy thongs on underneath. He moved his head back to enjoy the view. The noise he made was lower than his voice had been and filled with lust. He dropped to his knees and ran his lips across my inner thighs. He put his hands across my cheeks, so that I couldn't move. I would have shifted, the feeling was so intoxicating that I would have been afraid to give into it. The desire pulsed through me now, and I could feel my own juices trickle down my legs in anticipation of what was going to happen. 

He hitched his thumbs under the waistband of my thong and slowly slid it down my thighs until it dropped to the floor. I was naked now, and again he was kissing and licking my inner thighs, getting closer and closer to my opening. I could feel his breath against it, and I wanted him now. Taking one of his hands, I tugged him back up. My breath was ragged as I did. "My turn," I said, as I slid both the traditional garment and boxer briefs down. They caught in the front for a second and then slid down easily. I heard the slap of his dick against his flat abdomen and looked down. 

He was larger than I had thought, perhaps eight inches and uncut. I'd not seen one with a foreskin before, so I dropped to my knees for a closer inspection. He took my hand and moved it back and forth over the shaft. The foreskin slid along the length and exposed the head when we moved it down. I slid it into my mouth as we moved our hands up and down it. I could tasty his own juices, which were sweet and a bit salty. I liked the taste of it, and my tongue ran across the head hoping for more. 

Before I could do more, he pulled me back up. "Much more of that, and it will be a very short evening," he said with a smile. Once again, his arm slid around me, and he pulled me tight. Without clothes on, his member slid between my legs. He slid up against my opening, and I could feel the head brush against it as we moved together. 

I walked us slowly back to the bed until I could feel the backs of my legs press against the mattress. Some hotel worker had kindly turned down the bed, and I fell back, pulling Luka on top of me. He landed on his elbows so as not to press too hard against me; however, our hips matched up perfectly now, and I moved around to let him know what I wanted. 

He laughed. "I don't suppose a bride to be has protection."

"Her friend does," I said, pulling Chrissie's supplies onto the bed. Luka took a second to ready himself and then slid between my legs once again. Almost instinctively, I brought my legs up to his sides. I was still dripping my own juices. I wasn't going to need much preparation. 

He brought me into another long kiss, and as he did, I felt him find my opening with his fingers. He had two of them in me at first, exciting me and pressing against my clit so that my excitement grew. I could feel the steady pressure against it, knowing that it wouldn't be long before release. He continued this for a minute or two, and then replaced the fingers with himself. 

I suddenly felt full of him, and I gasped with pleasure. He traced my jawline with kisses as he started a slow rhythm with me. It was slow, but passionate, like the islands. We didn't speak. We didn't need to. His strokes were long, pulling nearly all the way out before sliding deep into me again. Each push brushed against my clit, and I moaned with the pent-up desire that I felt. 

As I moaned, he began to speed up. The thrusts were faster now, but still pressing against my pleasure zones. I could feel him tense as he grew closer to his own orgasm. I squeezed my legs against his sides and he came. I could feel the pulses inside of me as he grunted. Beads of sweat formed across his forehead and neck, drops that I greedily licked off. 

He didn't stop. Even though I could see that he was spent, he continued the thrusts, realizing how close I was to my own pleasure. The deep thrusts and the knowledge that I'd made him cum hard inside of me drove me over the edge. The heat that had been building inside my gut swelled over the dam holding it in place and flooded me with warmth. I began to sweat as well, the heat beating inside of me like the noonday sun. I let the feeling wash over me until it was done. 

Luka had continued to thrust inside of me until I had finished. Now he slowed to a stop and pulled out. My body immediately protested the loss of him inside of me, but I did nothing. He lay beside me without speaking for a long time. Then he got up, cleaned up, and collected his clothes. 

"Thanks for making a bad day more tolerable," he said as he slid back into his Hawaiian garb. At the moment, he looked like a native who had been ravaged. I smiled. 

"Thanks for making a bad vacation more tolerable," I said in return. I knew that we wouldn't see each other again. I had an early flight back to the mainland, and he would stay here to work and live. However, it had been just what I had needed tonight. 

"Aloha," he said as he opened the door. Chrissie was standing there, looking surprised as he left.