 I was getting fed up with the rest of the guys fawning all over Drew's newest bimbo girlfriend in the kitchen, so I made my way to the living room with a beer in hand. Col was sitting on the couch, so I plopped down next to her. We'd known each other practically forever, though we didn't see each other as much now that we were "grown-ups." She knew me well enough, though, to know that the scene in the kitchen definitely was not my scene. She knew that I was into more down-to-earth girls like her, though interestingly enough, nothing had ever gone on between us.

"Hey, Col," I said, as I joined her.

"Is Drew still showing of his latest acquisition?" she asked. It's funny, but that's exactly what it was like. He could have been showing off a new sports car or big-screen TV with the same expression on his face and the same reaction from that group of guys.

"Yeah," I told her, "and its so ridiculous how everybody is acting. It's almost like they're all trying to impress her, yet she is somebody's girlfriend! It's not like any of them is going to score a date if they impress her enough. Plus there are so many unattached women here, that I don't understand why they are wasting their time with her."

"You're preaching to the choir on that one," she replied. "They're all going to feel pretty stupid when she goes to bed with Drew and they start looking around to find that all of the eligible women have already left in disgust."

"Maybe while they're all distracted," I mused, "I should be seeking someone out for a little making out. The odds should be in my favor." Thinking of Col as a friend for so long, it wasn't really a suggestion aimed at her; I was really just trying to be funny. It didn't even shock me when I felt Col's hand on my knee; we'd flirted plenty in the years we'd known each other. It was what she said that came as a surprise.

"You don't even have to get up to find someone to make out with," she said, as I turned to face her, "you know you can always count on me." She smiled at me and I decided right away to take her up on her offer. We'd never even kissed, much less made out, so I didn't want to end up being a spectacle, like Drew's girlfriend. I wanted to give kissing her a try, but I wanted it to be something just between the two of us. I suggested that later we find someplace a little more private, building up some anticipation in the meantime.

It worked out that we were able to slip away pretty much unnoticed during the height of the party. We found ourselves alone in the small corridor outside the bathroom, so I slipped my arms around Col's waist as she slipped her arms around my neck. Tilting our heads, we brought our faces together and our lips met for the first time. I felt my cock immediately beginning to rise so, as our tongues slipped into each other's mouths, I dropped my hands to her ass and pulled her against me. We made out for a few minutes, since nobody was around, but when we heard footsteps coming up the stairs, we broke apart. I ushered her into the bathroom while pretending to be just waiting my turn outside. When Col came out, I took my turn, then passed our unwelcome intruder. Col had waited, unnoticed, in the hallway at the top of the stairs, so I pulled her into an open bedroom. Closing the door partway, we started making out again.

"I want to lock this door and fuck you," Col whispered, breathlessly, "but I'm afraid we'd be interrupted by someone who wanted their coat." Glancing at the bed, I realized that this was where Drew had been putting everyone's coats. The pile of coats on the bed gave me a sudden idea. I pulled Col to the far side of the bed, where we paused quietly while the occupant of the bathroom passed by outside and headed down the stairs. I then adjusted the pile of coats slightly before pulling the bedding up enough for us to slip in. We both ditched our shoes alongside the bed and I climbed into the bed, under the covers, right after Col. Under the covers, we were well hidden by the pile of coats. We went back to making out, lying side-by-side, my hand journeying up from her ass, under her shirt and around to the front.

Col's tits were pretty big and I could feel a big nipple pressing against my palm, so I tweaked it gently through the thin material of her bra. In a quick movement, I reached back to unfasten her bra, then slid my hand under the loose cup to further fondle her tit. My cock was rock hard in the confines of my jeans, threatening to burst out and knock Col off the far side of the bed. There was no doubt at this point that we'd be fucking before we left this room. Col was breathing heavily as I lowered my head while pulling her shirt up slightly so that I could suck on her nipple. I then went to work opening her jeans and was soon feeling the smooth, damp material of her panties against my fingertips. After running my fingers up and down a few times, I slipped my hand into her panties and through her bush until my finger slid over her clit and I heard her suck in her breath. Her slit was absolutely slippery with her juices, so I slipped my finger up and down over her clit, slowly and gently.

Raising my face back to hers, we went back to making out for a few minutes before Col told me that she needed me to fuck her. Who was I to argue? She was already opening my pants as I rolled away from her slightly and while she was reaching in to grasp my rigid cock, I was working them down to mid-thigh. She stroked my cock a few times, then worked her own jeans and panties down far enough that she could spread her legs. I climbed on top of her and guided my cock into her waiting pussy, sinking to the hilt as I lowered myself down. I started slowly fucking her, aware that someone could walk by or even into the room at any time. We tried making out while we were fucking, but Col's breathing was too heavy so I was mostly kissing her neck and licking her ears. She was raising her hips up to meet my incoming thrusts, pulling me deeply into her with her hands on my ass. I knew it wouldn't be safe to try prolonging this too much, despite how much I was enjoying it. Col seemed to be quickly on her way to an orgasm and I knew it would be best if I tried to cum right along with her. She matched my rhythm as I increased my pace and fucked her harder, being careful that the bed didn't start moving or squeaking. Col's pussy felt outstanding -- hot and slippery with just the right grip. I knew that this wouldn't be the last time we would be fucking. The amazing thing was that the closer she seemed to get to orgasm, the better her pussy felt. I knew that I was quickly approaching my own orgasm simply because her pussy felt so damn good.

Col's movements were getting more frantic, so I was just trying to keep up with her without banging the bed against the wall. I knew it was just a matter of seconds before she came and I expected to be pretty close behind her. What I didn't expect was that the closer she got, her pussy continued to feel even better. I knew she was right on the brink, but so was I. Finally, I no longer had any control and felt I was about to explode. Amazingly, at about the same instant I released my first stream of cum into her waiting pussy, Col started to shudder. It was a most amazing orgasm for both of us. I felt like I shot cum forever and she continued to convulse and moan softly the entire time. Finally, I collapsed on top of her, feeling her experience a few aftershocks before we were both still.

When I finally caught my breath and raised my head, Col raised her head and pressed her lips against mine again. We made out for a few more minutes, my shrinking cock slipping from her pussy, before we figured we'd better get moving. I slipped out of the bed and pulled my underwear and jeans back up while Col did likewise while still under the covers. We both got our shoes back on and moved across the room, peering cautiously out the door. No one was around so, after fixing my hair for me, Col headed back to the bathroom while I headed back downstairs.

I got the impression that nobody was even aware that we had been gone. The party was in full swing and everybody was having fun, so I wasn't surprised. Col came down from the bathroom and we grabbed a couple of beers, then made the rounds. We weren't obviously any more flirty than usual, but we did share a few suggestive whispers and a grope or two. As the night got later, I think we both decided that we didn't want to stay and get trashed and end up sleeping on the floor. I had driven that night, but Col had caught a ride with someone, so I offered to drive her home. I know we were both thinking the same thing as she told her ride that she'd be catching a ride home with me. We weren't the first ones to leave and it looked like those who were planning to stay were well on their way to getting completely wasted.

Col and I both still lived at home with our parents, so she had me pull over about a block before we got to her house. We started making out and my hand was soon fondling her tit through her shirt while her hand massaged the front of my jeans. I broke off from kissing her to tell her that I'd wanted to see her tits since the fifth grade and asked if she'd show them to me. As I watched, she reached behind her back to undo her bra, then raised her shirt and bra up to her chin. Even in the dim light, her tits looked magnificent. They were so perfectly shaped, sitting firmly on her chest and topped with big nipples surrounded by large, pink areolas. I reached out and fondled both tits, feeling the soft, smooth flesh and the slight bumpiness of her areolas. After brushing my thumbs over her hard nipples, I couldn't help but lean forward and alternately lick and suck each one.

She indulged me for a good five minutes while I slobbered all over her tits but then stopped me and said that it was her turn. She told me that she wanted to see my cock, so I reclined my seat and opened my jeans. She just watched until I had my jeans and underwear down to mid-thigh and my cock was standing up like a flagpole. Slowly she reached out and took it in her right hand, sliding her hand gently up and down. After a minute or two, she slid her right hand down to gently massage my balls while her left took over lightly stroking my rod. I was looking back and forth from her hands to her face, but she stared raptly at my tool as her hands worked on it, occasionally licking her lips. I wasn't surprised when she finally started leaning forward and licked around the head before sliding her lips down to the base of my shaft. I groaned as she fully engulfed me in her warm, wet mouth then started sliding her lips up and down my cock.

I relaxed and just enjoyed the amazing blowjob, watching my cock disappearing repeatedly between her lips. Her left hand remained at the base of my shaft, gently pumping while she sucked me off. I could feel that her right hand continued to caress and fondle my balls. I was murmuring encouragements to her, letting her know that what she was doing was absolutely outstanding. The car windows were steaming over as my breathing increased with the increased pace of her cocksucking. I had involuntarily started raising my ass up off the car seat, pushing my cock deeper into her mouth. I could feel my orgasm approaching as my cock began to swell between her lips. She just continued to gradually increase her pace, working at bringing me off. I tried to relax back onto the seat as I felt myself reaching my climax, to let her just finish me off so I could focus on enjoying the feeling. Lying back, I watched as her mouth slid up and down until finally I started pumping my seed. She swallowed it all down and continued to suck me until I started to go limp.

I told her how fantastic she'd been as I lay there recovering. Gradually, I pulled my underwear and jeans back up and raised my seat while she smiled at me. I sincerely offered to return the favor, but she said she really needed to get going. I started the car and drove the last block to her house. Before she got out, she promised to call me the next day and then we'd see about returning the favor. I watched to make sure she got inside safely, then drove home thinking about the fun times ahead.