 ... His hands sliding all over her bare body... caressing her breasts... teasing her nipples. She arched into his touch... prrring in pleasure. His mouth pressed hot kisses between her thighs. She moaned and pressed her hips up into his mouth. Her hands slid down to curl into his hair...

... She whimpered softly as she slowly awakened from the dream. She wasn't ready to wake up yet. Wasn't ready to give up the pleasurable feelings it was stirring within her. Bringing her arms up over her head, her back arching as she languidly stretched. 

"Mmmm, morning baby," he whispered softly against her ear. A grin curling her lips, she turned her face towards his. Her hands lowering, they slid into his hair to draw his lips to hers. Prrring softly against her lips as she kissed him. "Morning. Sleep well?"

"Oh yeah. I slept very well Luv. You?" He grinned, one hand absently sliding to rest on her hip, fingertips teasing lightly against her bare flesh. She shivered sensually.

"Mmmmm I slept prrrfectly baby. I was having such a yummy dream just now." The twinkle in her eye told him just how yummy a dream it was. His hand slid up her side, teasing the side of her breast, and then up to trace his fingertip over her lips gently. Eyes flashing, she parted her lips and drew that finger between them, lightly sucking on it. He gasped, and then moaned softly. "You are such a tease, you know that?" laughter rang in his voice as he asked her that.

Slowly releasing his finger from her lips, she smiled that coy lil smile that made his insides quiver. "I don't know what you mean." Pressing her body closer, her lips catching his earlobe, suckling lightly on it... nibbling with her teeth. Her breasts were lightly crushed against his chest, nipples hardening against his bared flesh. Her hand slid along his side, over his hip... teasing his ass and then up over her back. "I would never tease you baby" she prrred against his ear.

Suddenly, with a growl, he rolled her over completely onto her back. Her sapphire eyes stared up at him as he straddled her hips. "We'll discuss that another time. Right now, it's time for a taste of your own medicine". His eyes flashing wickedly as he spoke. His hand stroked up her arm, grasping her wrist, and then the next thing she knew it was securely tied to the bedpost with a ribbon of silk. Seconds later her other wrist followed suit. He moved to the foot of the bed, as she lay watching him, squirming. In mere moments her ankles were tied to the footboard. She was tied to the bed, her bare body spread wide. 

Her tongue dragged over her lips. "What are you planning for me baby?" As the silken blindfold was secured over her eyes, she heard him reply "Whatever I want to do to you, slut." She groaned, for she knew now what was coming. Her pulse quickened with anticipation. She was at his mercy, and he would have her begging for that mercy before he was done, she knew.

She felt the movement of him leaving the bed. Silence reigned for minutes as she waited, breathlessly wondering what he was going to do to her. She strained to hear any sounds, wondering if he left the room. And then a yelp of shock tore from her lips as suddenly cubes of ice circled each of her nipples, tightening them instantly. She squirmed upon the bed, her fingers curling around her silken bindings. "Ohhhhh god" she hissed softly. 

And then a cube of ice pressed between her thighs, between the smoothly shaved lips of her pussy. Her hips jerked off the bed, back arching hard. A loud moan echoed off the bedroom walls. She could fell the ice melting against her hot sex, the droplets of water running down towards the bed. Between that, and the ice cube alternating at her nipples, she was burning hot and freezing cold at once. 

As the cube at her cunt melted completely, he focused once more on her breasts. Taking a cube into his mouth, he then lowered his head and suckled her nipple into her mouth as well. Pressing the cube against her nipple with his tongue, enveloping her flesh with heat and cold at once. Tremors of pleasure ran through her body, even as her nipple ached from the cold. Her hands strained against the restraints, wanting to bury in his hair and pressing his face against her breast. He tormented her until the cube melted, and then, taking another cube into his mouth, gave the same attention to the other nipple. 

A light tickling at her belly told her of the introduction of a feather into his play. Sucking her breath in, she writhed on the bed, ticklish as she was. As he tortured her breasts with the ice and his mouth, the feather slowly ventured lower, finally lightly brushing over her pussy lips. Again she arched off the bed, moaning loudly.

"ohhh fuck!!!... Please baby... please..." she begged breathlessly. Her body was as tight as a bowstring. Her nerve endings tingling hotly. He laughed at her begging. "I'm no where near done with you yet, you lil slut. I'm going to teach you a lesson about teasing this morning." 

She thought she was getting a few seconds of reprieve as the feather fell away from her pussy. She knew she was way off when suddenly a cube of ice was shoved into her cunt. Pressed up deep within her. She groaned... loudly... and then again as another cube pressed right up against her clit. He rubbed the cube over her nub as the other cube began to melt within her tight heat. His free hand pressed to her stomach, holding her down on the bed as she writhed from the torment. Her muscles were straining... aching.

"Mmmmmmmmm I need to cum baby... please... please let me cum." She begged shamelessly. She didn't know how much more she could take. He just laughed and shifted himself, holding the melting cube against her clit now with his tongue. She tried to rip the headboard away as her arms strained heavily against the silk ribbons holding them captive. Whether she would drag his face away or press it closer, her fogged brain didn't know. 

As the ice melted away, he stopped all contact with her taut body. She whimpered, frustrated as he left her right on the edge. Writhing on the bed, her body language along with her moans and groans begging for release. He left her this way for what felt like an hour, but was really only minutes.

And then she felt his hands on her bare flesh again. Rubbing a lotion onto her breasts, her belly, her thighs and then her pussy. It felt good, though a bit warm. The warmth felt good after the chill of the ice. But then he began to blow on it... and it began to get hot... hotter... HOT!!! "Ohhhh shit. Baby... please... I... I can't take anymore of this.. PLEASE!!!" she nearly screamed as her body's excitement and frustration levels climbed another notch.

Slowly, very slowly.. he started at her breasts and began to lick away the flavored lotion. She writhing and whimpering beneath him. Begging for him to ease the unbearable ache he'd built within her. He licked her belly clean next... and then her thighs... and finally he lapped the lotion from her pussy. Teasing and tormenting her clit and her cunt with his tongue as he did. Driving her crazy. 

"Have you learned your lesson about teasing yet, my sweet lil slut?" "YES... ohhhh yess... please... please...." She cried over and over.. writhing on the bed. Begging.. pleading with him to end her torment.. give her what she wanted. 

He whisked the blindfold from her eyes as he drove his cock into her pussy... he wanted to see that look in her eyes as he fucked her. Leaning down, he kissed her hard... letting her taste her flavor mixed with the lotion on his lips and tongue. He started pressing into her with slow, deep, sensual strokes. Pulling nearly all the way out of her.. and then slowly pressing back in once more. He knew it drove her nuts when he did those, but also gave her great pleasure. His hands fondled her breasts, squeezing and tugging her nipples... rolling them between his fingers. 

"mmmmm yes... fuck me baby.... Ohhhhh yeah...." She moaned wantonly. Her legs strained, wanting to curl around his waist, her hands aching to delve into his hair. As he felt himself getting closer, he changed the rhythm quickly, slamming hard into her.. fucking her as hard and as fast as he could. Pounding his throbbing cock into her cunt again and again and again. 

"Now slut! Cum for me NOW!!!" He growled loudly, his cock exploding as he buried himself to the hilt within her cunt. Seconds later he felt her squeezing him tightly, her body shuddering hard beneath him. That look he wanted was flashing in her glazed eyes, her face contorted in pleasure/pain as her orgasm rocked through her and into him. Her cries of pleasure loud enough to be heard outside. He pumped her through her orgasm... slowly letting up... slowing.. and then stopping as her shudders stopped.

Leaning over her once more, his chest crushing her breasts, he reached to gently release her wrists, kissing her passionately as he did. Sliding down her body, he released her legs as well, then he moved up beside her, rolling her to her side and curled her body against his. Kissing her again, staring into her eyes adoringly. As she began to drift into an exhausted sleep, he whispered softly against her ear "I just love teaching you lessons baby." She prrred her pleasure as well, and then they drifted off into dreamland together, held in each others arms.