 It was a slow Wednesday night – Thursday morning at the generic little 24 hour roadside coffee shop just outside of Winslow, AZ. I was sitting in a back corner booth, my preferred spot when I'm on the road and working on another writing assignment while in a public place. With a deadline looming, I took advantage of any opportunity to jot some more words whenever possible.

This particular booth was actually one of those that takes over a corner where six or so people can all slide in together. It worked perfectly for me since no one would end up looking over my shoulder and bugging me about what I was doing, although the place was nearly empty at this moment, anyway. 

I had enjoyed a pretty decent plate of steak and eggs and was relaxing with some hot coffee. My empty plate still sat on the table, pushed aside to make room for my laptop computer. I checked the little clock in the bottom right hand of the computer screen; 12:15 AM. 

My waitress, a nice looking lady maybe in her mid-thirties at best, didn't pay much attention to the empty plate but was doing a very good job of keeping my coffee cup filled to the brim with each pass she made by my table. 

"Hey," she said in a melodic voice on one trip, not rudely but unusually casual for the circumstance, "can I get you anything else, sir? A dessert menu, perhaps?"

I thought about it for a moment.

"Maybe a little later," I said. "I plan on hanging around here for a bit, if that's okay with you. We'll see if I feel a little hungry again over time."

"You can stay as long as you wish," the lovely lady replied kindly as she topped off my coffee yet again. 

"Thank you..."

"Suzanne," finished my auburn-haired waitress as she puffed out her already ample chest to bring her name tag into full view. Sure enough, the tag over her left breast read 'My Name is Suzanne'. I was tempted to ask what her other breast's name was but passed on the opportunity just in case it might have an adverse impact on the good service I was receiving.

"Thank you, Suzanne," I said.

"It's my pleasure," she said, warmly enough for me to believe it was. "Just let me know if you need anything."

Suzanne walked away. I eyed her sweetly curved body and full but cute butt as she walked off to serve the next customer. I felt a quick stirring in my loins as I imagined what she really could serve me. Oh, well, time to focus on my assignments.

I banged out some more drivel on my laptop using my patented index-fingered typing skills. I briefly looked up while concentrating and trying to find a specific word for my thoughts when I once again found Suzanne eying me from across the restaurant before she shyly averted her gaze. Once again that distinct sexual urge washed over me as I began to imagine how Suzanne might look and feel as my 'laptop' device.

Focus, focus, focus...

I got barely another sentence typed into my computer when Suzanne's pretty face again came into my field of vision.

"More coffee, sir?" she asked.

"Uh, yes," I kind of stammered. "Thank you... Suzanne."

Suzanne kind of leaned into me as she reached to top off my cup, her own cupful of tit pushing into my shoulder.

"That's a nice computer," Suzanne said. 

"Thank you," I replied lamely, not really as bothered by the distraction as I normally would.

"May I ask what you're working so hard on?"

'Hard-on', I thought, breaking into a juvenile chuckle.

"What's so funny?" Suzanne asked, amused.

"Nothing, really," I replied, regaining my composure. "I'm a writer."

"A writer?" Suzanne said with a heavy breath, looking genuinely interested. "Are you famous?"

Now I openly laughed.

"No, I'm afraid not," I replied, still chuckling a little. "Not even close. I mean, I'm published, but I'm hardly famous. Besides, I write under a couple pen names, anyway."

"Do you make a living as a writer?" asked Suzanne, an excited glint in her eyes. "I mean, because I've always wanted to be writer, too."

"I get by," I answered modestly, but honestly. "I've got friends that make a pretty decent living as writers... one's a freelancer and the other works for a newspaper... but I really write for some additional income that allows me to pursue other interests."

"What kind of stuff do you write?" she asked. "I mean, 'cause you look kind of rugged, like someone that would write Mysteries, or Westerns, you know."

"Thanks," I responded self-consciously, feeling genuinely flattered at her compliment. "Well, I have written in those genres... but, no... I'm involved in another... uh, genre right now."

"What, like Historical Romances?" asked Suzanne with a sly and silly look on her face.

What the hell...

"I write... porn," I replied quietly. I waited for a backlash that might mean my sweet server would abandon me as a pervert and call out a bouncer or something.

"Porn? Really?" she literally gushed, surprising me with her response while sitting down in the seat across from me.

"Yeah, really," I replied, feeling a little embarrassed but relieved that she would find that a little fascinating. "I'd prefer to call it 'erotica', but its perspective goes beyond mere titillation."

"I kinda thought that a lot of porn nowadays was stuff that was just made up with computers, you know?" she said. 

"Well, I'm not a computer," I responded with a chuckle.

"Can I read some?" she whispered conspiratorially. 

"Uh, yeah. Sure," I said, totally surprised.

Suzanne looked about and then slid herself around the vinyl upholstery until she was sitting on my right and beside me. I pulled up a file of a prior story I had written that had received some positive feedback from a female audience and then turned the computer to face Suzanne.

I leaned on one elbow on my table as I sipped some more coffee while I studied Suzanne's face, not sure if I was going to see excitement or disgust. I watched as she used the cursor key to page down through the story, her eyes widening as she read more of my writings. Her cheeks began to flush a little and her tongue danced lightly along her full lips.

Then, to my pleasant surprise, Suzanne slid a little more towards me, closing the gap between us until our thighs met. As she continued to read, her left hand rested upon my thigh and squeezed at my muscles. 

I took that as a sign and cautiously let my hand come to rest on the bare skin of her left thigh. Goosebumps grew beneath my gentle touch and she pressed her leg harder to mine as she increased the strength of her grip on my thigh briefly before drawing her hand away and placing it on top of mine.

Just when I thought that I had maybe gone too far with my touch, Suzanne gently directed my hand under her short skirt and up her leg as she parted her thighs until my fingertips came in contact with the moist heat of her sex radiating through the slightly damp crotch of her panties. Releasing my hand, she casually pulled the fabric to one side, exposing her wet snatch to my fingers. I let my fingertips wander through the soft fur of Suzanne's hot muff until I found her swollen clit, eliciting a deep intake of breath from her.

Suzanne responded by returning her hand to my thigh, then inching her grasp upwards until she found my own swelling member. She traced my fullness and the length of me pushing down into my pants leg with her fingers. A smile further brightened her face and her eyes widened as she gripped at the firmness of my manhood.

I started to massage Suzanne's swollen bud and I could feel her shiver against me. With her eyes never leaving the screen and seemingly no concern for any other patrons in the coffee shop, Suzanne rocked her hips slightly to my teasing touch. I let my fingers slide from her clit and down to her swollen labia and back again, drawling her slick juices up and about her tender flesh to highlight my massaging of her hot pussy.

Mere seconds later, Suzanne's breaths evolved to panting as they became clearly audible. She appeared to be straining to keep her eyes on the screen, working to focus on the words that had helped, along with my manipulations of her hot nether flesh, to bring her to this point. Her hand on my dick grabbed at me hard as she began to shake all over and her eyes squinted shut as she put a hand over her mouth as she stifled a squeal and her thighs clamped hard at my hand, trapping my fingers against her sensitive bud. 

We remained like that for a moment until Suzanne seemed to return to earth. Catching her breath, her face still flushed, she looked around the restaurant to see if anyone had noticed the waitress having an orgasm in the back booth. When all seemed to be clear she realized that she was still gripping my erection through my jeans and looked at me in shock.

"Wow!" she sighed. 

"Glad you liked the story," I said, carefully drawing my fingers from her dripping snatch and bringing them to my mouth. I thought her eyes were going to pop out of her head when I licked her sweet juices from my fingers.

"You need a new chapter!" Suzanne said, literally pushing me out of the booth as she looked around again. 

Taking me by the hand she quickly pulled me to a doorway where I could hear the clanging of pans and utensils in the distance. She grabbed the handle of a door marked "Manager" and threw it open while she pulled me inside. We were now in a room that was perhaps 6 foot by 6 foot at best, with a desk to one side. Suzanne closed and locked the door and turned to me.

"What about the manager?" I asked lamely.

"I'm the shift manager tonight," she replied as she kicked off her shoes and reached under her skirt and yanked her soaked panties down her long legs. No sooner had she stepped out of them then she was planting a kiss hard on my lips while her hands fought to undo my pants. As she tugged at the button and zipper of my jeans she turned us around until her back was to the desk. 

Once she freed my erect prick from my pants she pumped it in her hand for a few strokes and then let go of it long enough to grab at the waist of my pants and underwear and in one swift move push them down to my knees. Then taking my rigid dick in her hand again, her face beamed behind a devilish smile.

"Let's see if you fuck as good as you write!" she hissed.

Suzanne lifted her skirt and sat her ass against the edge of the desk as she spread her thighs wide, fully exposing her trimmed bush and gaping cunt to my appreciative eyes. Without another moment of hesitation, I let her draw me to her as she directed my aching cock to her dripping love nest and I slid inside her heated piece of heaven.

Suzanne wrapped her thighs around my waist as I tried to keep my strokes long and deep, but controlled out of fear that I might pound her and the desk through the walls in our excitement. Her love tunnel was drenched with her juices fueled by excitement and anticipation, and my dick slid in and out of her with little resistance, save for her tight pussy muscles.

Our mutual excitement had carried us nearly to the point of total abandon. I was pounding my member hard into Suzanne's welcoming snatch, forcing her generous juices everywhere our skin touched. My balls rocked and swayed with my thrusts, slapping at her round ass as my cock reached the limits of its physical travel.

"I need you to cum," she whispered in my ear in heavy breaths. "I need you to cum with me now!!

Up until now I was doing everything I could to hold back my excitement, but with Suzanne's permission – nay, her outright demand – I let my self reach the point of no return.

"I'm cumming!" I moaned, straining not to shout it for the world to share. "I'm cumming!"

I had already been treated to the signs of Suzanne's sexual release so I knew she was cumming along with me. Her body shook even more violently than before and she smothered my mouth with hers as she literally screamed her pleasure into my mouth as our tongues danced together and my cock erupted in hot torrents of my semen deep into Suzanne's receptive body. Waves of pleasure shot through both of us as my balls expelled every available ounce of my gushing seed into the lovely Suzanne until there was nothing left but limp flesh.

Panting and sweating, I withdrew my drained manhood from my waitress' scalding pussy as our mixed juices dripped easily from her pounded orifice down the crack of her ass and onto the office carpet.

Suzanne grabbed a couple of clean towels from a bundle in the corner and cleaned our sticky fluids, first from me and then from between her legs before she wiped the puddle of semen from the floor. I pulled up my pants and tucked my worn but appreciative dick back into my jeans.

"You do fuck as good as you write," said Suzanne as she wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me a warm kiss. "Maybe even better."

"Thank you," I said sincerely. "Thank you for, well, everything."

Now dressed and seemingly back to some semblance of normality, we snuck out of the office, our eyes darting around and fully expecting to meet the gaze of someone who might have noticed our sudden disappearance and re-emergence. We seemed to have escaped detection, but our teen-like snickers and giggles had to be heard by somebody. And who the hell cared?

Ten minutes later I had finished putting away everything from my table, relieved to find that my laptop hadn't disappeared while I was blissfully boning my waitress. I went to the register where Suzanne waited with a cup of coffee to go and I paid my bill.

"Please keep the change," I said. 

"It's far more than your tab," replied Suzanne.

"I know. And, please don't mistake my generosity as an insult to your... hospitality," I said. "But the service here was incredible."

Suzanne smiled at me as I turned and walked out the door, probably never to cross paths again. Once outside in the brisk air, I heard footsteps behind me.

"Hey," she shouted, causing me to stop in my tracks and turn around.

"Yes?" I responded.

Suzanne walked up to me and gave me one more tender kiss.

"Here's your change," she said, pressing her damp panties into my hand. "Maybe they'll help you remember all of the little details when you write our story."

"You sure you want to be the subject of one of my stories?" I asked.

"I expect it," she said with a fiendish grin. "In fact, I demand it. It would be a shame for a moment like this not to be told. After all you do write almost as good as you fuck." 

I watched Suzanne turn and walk back towards the restaurant, a sweet sway in her step like she had just been wildly fucked. 

Suzanne, here's your well-deserved chapter. 



Written by: Donny Dickson