 By 3rd grade I could tell that the other kids weren't as good as I was. I was the first in my class to start reading, I could count the highest, and I was the best at all the playground games. I was the most popular in the grade and all of the teachers liked me. Throughout school I was the "cool kid" the "most popular" and the best sports player. I excelled through the grades with straight A's in the highest advanced math class. I was the captain of the Football team, the best on the soccer team, Lacrosse team, and Cross Country. School was great.

At home I was an only child and my parents adored me. They were always so proud of my accomplishments. I lived in a fairly wealthy family so my parents let me get most of the things I wanted. I had tons of friends in the neighborhood which was great. We could go to each other houses and bike together. I was spoiled.

When this all started I was 18. My senior year in high school. I was about a quarter of the way from the end of the year and my graduation. My grades were still outstanding and I was on track to have a great year. All the sports had given me a great body. I had brown hair was 6 feet tall and weighed 195 lbs. which made me buff and strong. I had been with a couple of girls but even though I could get any girl in the school to go out with me I didn't have a serious relationship going on.

I was home on a Saturday when it happened. Our neighbors had moved out a couple months ago and I heard the house had been bought recently but I hadn't seen anyone there. I got excited when I saw a car pull up at the house. Who knows who it could be, maybe someone my age! A car followed the truck that must have the people moving in. Through the car window I saw the silhouette of a man and a woman. Another couple nothing very interesting. 

I was about to walk away but then someone got out of the passenger seat. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She was probably 30 years old with gorgeous tan skin probably around 6 feet tall with brown hair falling down a little farther then her shoulders. She had the kind of long and thin legs a man would die for. I wanted to jump out the window and run my hands along her so bad. I couldn't see how her breasts looked from here but I bet they were spectacular to go along with the rest of her body.

When another man who had to be her husband got out of the car I felt a little disappointed, I don't know why I guess I was a little weird but she was just so hot. Her husband was probably around 6 feet too with very dark brown hair and nice fit body. A young child maybe 3 years old also got out of the car. She had the same hair color as her mother. All this got me so excited, I was just sitting there staring when my Mom came into the room telling me it was Dinner time. I asked her who they were and she said that the woman was Amber Smith, the man was Eric Smith, and the Girl was Ashly Smith. 

As I had dinner I couldn't focus at all. I barely touched my steak. My Mom asked me if something was wrong and that I seemed distant. I told her I was fine but went back to daydreaming about the woman, Amber. I could only hope to meet her soon. That night I masturbated so hard thinking of my 9-and-a-half-inch cock inside her. Once I was finished and had taken a shower I got in bed. I looked out my window and realized I could see her bedroom window from here. She was inside changing. As I went to bed I smiled to myself. 

***

It had been about a 3 weeks now since the couple and their daughter had moved in. I had jacked off multiple times think about Amber but it was going to get even better because today we were meeting them for dinner at heir house.

I was ready to go at 11:55 and my family went over. The husband opened the door and we all greeted him with a handshake. We went inside to the living room where Amber got up to greet us but as she looked at me all I could mutter out was "Hi". She looked even more beautiful up close. She was definitely around 6 feet with green eyes and long slender legs that were perfect. I imagined them wrapped around me. Her breasts though were the best out of everything. They were maybe two handfuls and were the perfect size. She was wearing a stunning red dress that showed her legs and her cleavage perfectly.

As the we talked during the dinner I could barely keep my eyes off Amber. She had the most amazing smile that just made me melt inside. They talked about why they moved here and their old neighborhood but I couldn't hear anything. After dinner I helped clean up and they introduced me to their daughter

I played with their daughter a little while they talked. We were having fun while she showed me how to "cook" until we had to leave. I was sad and I hoped I would get to see her again. A week later after a couple more masturbation sessions we got a call that I picked up I answered and I was surprised to hear Amber's voice on the other end of the line. She asked me to babysit in 3 days. I said I was able to with maybe a little too much enthusiasm that made her laugh. 

***

I came over to their house at 6:00 sharp. I didn't want to be late or make a bad first impression. Amber opened the door with an enthusiastic Hi Sam! and I once again was stunned. She was wearing a light blue strapless dress with a silver design around her waist. I tried to control myself but my penis still got a little stiff. She said they would be leaving soon and told me all of rules with their daughter. 

Me and Ashlyn played for a while with various games that she liked. I put Ashly to bed at 7:00 and after cleaning up all of her games I just watched TV for the rest of the time until 11:00 when they returned. They came home paid me and I left thinking about Amber once again the whole time I walked home. When I got home I turned on some porn of some hot brunettes and stroked my cock until I cummed into some tissues. 

***

I got a call from Amber again saying that if I wanted I could use her pool anytime. I thought that it was a nice offer so I decided I would come over Saturday. I called her and told her when I was going to come over and she said that was fine. Amber was swimming when I got there and I tried to not look at her body as she swam. She had a 1-piece suit on the had been riding up on her so I got a good view of her body. When she saw me she swam up to the side of the pool and I looked down at her giving me a perfect view of her tits and also showing my half hard bonder in my pants, thankfully she didn't seem to notice. She told me she was going to get out and sunbathe now so I got in the pool and couldn't resist taking glances at her.

I started coming over more often now and it also seemed as though she was becoming more comfortable with me around. She would come in the pool and we would have races or splash each other, then she would get out and sunbathe. After 3 times of me coming over she started wearing 2 piece bikinis which didn't help the situation in my pants.

One day that I came over she was wearing a black bikini with gold accents that was maybe a 2 inches larger than her nipples. I immediately got an almost full on boner. As we raced in the pool more it seemed to dissipate a little until she swam up next to me to congratulate me for winning. I swam to meet her in the middle and as we stopped my boner ran along one of her legs. She hesitated for a second but just continued even though my face was red as a tomato. 

***

The next time I saw her it was near Halloween. The adults have a neighborhood party were they drink, eat, and talk and wear costumes. Amber asked me to babysit Ashly again and I was more than happy to accept. 

I arrived at 7:00 This time and when Amber opened the door I was awestruck. Amber was wearing a sexy cat costume that showed off her cleavage amazingly. Her boobs were tightly covered with a material that showed through just enough to show me perfect medium sized nipples poking out. I must have been staring with a dumbfounded face because she laughed and said what do you think making a little pose that made my cock tingle in my pants. I could only say "It's great". 

As we walked in I was semi hard but I didn't think she noticed but my boner got even worse as I looked at her tiny little ass as she walked. Her legs were covered with stocking that really showed how long and slender they were. Around her waist connected to the top she had a little dress on. It was so hot it almost looked like lingerie.

She sat down and I did also. She told me she would be home by 12:00 but her husband would get back a couple hours later. She also said that if I wanted to stay while she was here to continue to keep an eye on Ashly then that would be fine. I was more than happy to stay here with only Amber and me. 

Ashly was already asleep so all I had to do was make sure she didn't wake up and was fine. I watched TV until 10:30 and then started doing stuff on my phone. A little later I started thinking about Amber. I couldn't get my mind off her so I searched her on the internet and nothing came up. I looked up into the foyer of the house where I was able to see their bedroom door from. I'm almost never untrustworthy but I couldn't help myself. I climbed up the stairs and entered their bedroom.

There was a king size bed in the middle of the room with another passage to the bathroom. I saw her dressing room with all her clothes and couldn't help but look. I saw her bras and her panties which I could only imagine how they looked on her. I saw the edge of something under the dresser and pulled it out. It was a dildo! It was probably about an average size penis maybe 6 inches long a decently thick around. It smelled like pussy juices from her. But why would she need a dildo when she could have sex with her husband? I put the question out of my mind slipping the dildo back into its space next I looked in her dirty clothes hamper which contained a pair of panties. I pulled them out and smelled Amber's sweet scent. I thought of jacking off to I for a moment before I heard a car door opening outside! 

I checked my watch and saw 12:05! How could I be so stupid. I stuffed the panties back in the hamper and ran down the stairs and as I got to the last few steps I heard the door open. Hopefully she didn't hear the hump of me jumping the last few stairs. She had to walk through the mudroom first so I might have 5 seconds. I flung myself onto the couch and pretended to be on my phone. I must have looked so embarrassed and nervous that she asked if everything was alright. I said I was fine and told her that Ashly didn't wake up at all.

She seemed fine with my answer so she told me she would get the money before I left. After she said that I said without thinking "I can stay until your husband gets home like you asked if you want" my face burning up the second I said it and realizing how weird that must sound. To my relief she just laughed and said "sure that's fine! But I'll get the money in advance anyway. I waited for about 5 minutes until I heard her voice call from the bedroom "You can just come up here" I walked up to her bedroom and when I entered the room I saw the most beautiful and stunning thing I had ever seen.

Amber was laying on the bed in the sexiest lingerie I had ever seen. She had on a black transparent bra and panties. The panties had little highlights of pink on it and it barely covered her whole pussy. The bra was also the same transparent black material with pink but it only covered the inside half of her tits they left almost everything up to her nipples exposed. Through the bra I could see her perfectly sized and shaped nipple protruding out.

Then she said something that caught me totally by surprise "My husband is away for a few more hours will you fuck me?" I didn't process what was happening so I just stood. She realized I needed some help so she gracefully walked over and led me on the bed. Then it finally processed, the girl of my dreams wants me to fuck her. Almost surprising her I said Amber I've been dreaming of this moment sense the second I saw you. With that I grabbed her tits and started caressing them. She unclipped the bra and took it off I had her lay down so I could get more leverage. I started to pinch her nipples a little and she moaned with approval. I bent down and started licking her nipples. As she groaned more I started sucking, then harder. 

I kissed down her body until I found her wet pussy that was dripping with juices. I licked it through the panties until slowly lifting them through her amazing legs. I bent down and started going to work on her vagina. I licked the entrance for a while until I penetrated it a little. As I worked my way farther and farther in she cried with pleasure. Thankfully their daughter was fast asleep. She pushed my head in more forcing me to go farther. Then she pulled me off and started taking off my belt. 

She pulled open my pants and slipped them off. Under It showed my underwear with my raging hard cock. She licked my underwear were my penis was which drove me crazy. She slowly and luxuriously slid my underwear off gasping at the size of my fully erect 9-inch-cock. She took the whole thing in her mouth deep throating me. I groaned as she took my whole penis in her mouth. She came back up and she licked the tip of my penis. She proceeded to rubbing her hand on my shaft while she sucked up and down my dick. I then pushed her head backing in making her deep throat me again. She took the whole length of my penis which no girl had ever been able to do before, I was impressed. 

I pulled her head off and had her stand off of the bed. I sat on the edge of the bed and smacked the tip of my cock on her beautiful tits. I grabbed her boobs caressing them for a second before putting my penis between them. I titty fucked her which felt so amazing. Next I could tell it was her turn to pleasure me. She made me lay down on the bed and gave me a footjob. I ran my hands along her stunning legs while she gave me a astounding footjob running her feat along my dick and around the top

Now there was a mutual understanding. We were ready. I laid her down and fingered her pussy for a second before running my shaft along it. That made her crazy she grabbed my cock as I eased it into her first 2 inches then 3 more and then 4. She took the whole thing! She moaned with pleasure as I eased in and out of her. I went faster and faster shoving all 9 inches in her at a time until she said I'M CUMMING. I could feel it before it happened, she exploded, shaking with pleasure. When her cum hit mine I exploded also. By the time she was finished I was still going shooting strand after strand of cum into her. 

I collapsed on the bed and told her that was the best sex I had ever had. Then I got worried, I cummed inside her. She saw the worried look on my face and told me she was on the meds to keep her from getting pregnant. She told me there would be more were that came from. I showered, left and went home. That night I dreamed of the many more sexual adventures of ours that were to come.

*****

Thank you for reading this is my first  submission! Hope you Like it.

Feel free to comment with Constructive Critisicm.