 It was early in the evening, around 7:00 and I just got off the phone with her. She was an exceptional woman, insatiable, always willing and never unresponsive. I 

I told her I was on my way over and she said she would be waiting in something special. The drive to her apartment had my mind wandering and my pulse racing. When she said something special, she meant it! I didn't even have to knock on the door. She had seen me pull up the view of her balcony window and met me at the door. It was all I could do to speak, she was stunning. She had on a shimmering transparent top, a short sexy skirt that made her legs seem like they went on forever, her legs bore black stockings and her feet were in a pair of strapy heals that accented the colorful polish on her toes.

I finally muttered a few words of my approval to her outfit. It would almost be a shame for her to take these clothes off but it was her body that drove me crazy, not the clothes.

She closed the door and immediately pushed me back against it and pressed her lips to mine and thrust her tongue into my mouth. I kissed her back passionately and worked my tongue in her mouth as I would if it had been in her pussy. My cock began to stiffen and I wandered if she was as excited. We finally broke our embrace and walked on into her apartment. 

I sat down on the couch as she fetched us both a drink and I couldn't take my eyes off of her ass as she sauntered away. She came back and teasingly sat on my lap and handed me a beer along with a sexy little kiss, just a peck, something she always does as her way of saying, I want you". Well let me tell you, I don't think I have ever wanted this woman as much as I did at that very moment.

We talked about how our weekend went for each of us and traded a kiss here and there before I looked into her captivating eyes and told her how beautiful she was. I stood up and took her hand, and led her to her bedroom. She embraced me yet again with those powerful lips and I felt her hands tugging my shirt up and then her warm hands touched my belly. She reached up and rubbed my chest as I took her face into my hands and kissed her deep. I'm sure she felt my heart trying to leap from my chest and my body starting to tremble at her touch. She raised my shirt over my head and dropped it at our feet. I sat down on the edge of the bed and she dropped to her knees, I was anticipating her to unzip my pants but instead she leaned over and breathed her warm breath into my crotch and looked up into my eyes. I tell you what, this woman knows how to make a man want her and wasn't holding back any of her tricks.

She then stood up and pushed me back onto the bed and turned around in front of me as she raised her top over her head and flung it toward the closet. She wore no bra, was I surprised? No way, she knew exactly where this was leading since last week and evidently, planned for it very well. She spun around slowly and cupped her firm breasts in her hands and gave them a bit of a lift and a tug. I smiled and told her I would be more than happy to replace her hands with my own if she liked. She didn't say a work, she just smiled and bent over the bed and kissed me again. Her tits were hot and I could feel her heart beating against mine, one of us was trembling and I yet to know which one of us it was. 

I was just about to roll her over when she started kissing on my neck; my cock grew harder by the second and pressed against her belly. She wouldn't let me do a thing, she slowly slid down my chest and kissed and licked my nipples as she peeked up and smiled at me. I was in heaven; I was totally lost to her at this moment. As she neared my belly, I let out a gasp. She looked up at me and said, "you want my mouth on your growing cock, don't you baby?" What did she expect me to say? Of course I did, I wanted to feel her lips on my cock so bad that all I could do was nod and let out a sigh.

She slowly unzipped my jeans and pulled them down and off, she then pulled my socks off and kissed her way up my legs. Then, she just looked up at me, winked and took my entire length into her mouth. I almost died, my breath left my body and my mind could think of nothing other than her sweet body between my legs. 

I finally came to my senses and pulled her up to me. I rolled her over and got up onto my knees. "No more teasing for you baby, I'm going to give back as good as I received." I slowly placed my tongue at the top of her skirt and looked up into her eyes as I slid my tongue slowly up her belly and licked around her sexy little belly button. She sighed and closed her eyes as I continued to kiss and lick my way up her body and my fingers traced tiny circles around her soft tender skin. As I continued my soft assault up her body, I let my right hand drop below her skirt and slowly lifted it as my fingers brushed her inner thigh. She twitched from my touch and her mouth fell open as she let out a soft moan. No panties, and her moisture had begun to trickle out of her thick folds and moisten her thighs. By now I was kissing her on the neck and lips, I grabbed the back of her hair with my left hand and gave it a gentle tug as I turned her head so I could kiss further back on her neck.

My fingers were gently tracing up and down over her pussy lips, never penetrating her but definitely getting gooey from her sweet precious nectar. I rubbed gently across her hard little bud and she arched her hips as if she was trying to force my finger to rub it with more pressure.

BY now I was ready to taste her and I slid down her body and wasted no time pulling down her skirt and licking my way back up her sexy legs again. When I reached her pussy I pressed my tongue firmly against her asshole and with one long stroke I licked her from hole to hole and across the top of her clit. She spread her legs wider and I went back for more. She was soaking wet and I was like a hungry animal that hadn't eaten in days. I spread her lips and probed her hot little cunt as her legs flailed in the air, her soft moans had become louder now and her breathing has quickened. I took her clit between my lips and sucked it as I flicked it with the tip on my tongue. The whole time I'm doing this I can feel my cock throbbing for a taste of her as well. I continued to lick and suck her soppy wet pussy until she came all over my face, I could feel her sex lube all over my face and it just made me want her more. I stood up and took my boxers off, only for her to sit up and tell me she wanted to suck my cock. I started to playfully argue and she stood up as well and placed her hands against my chest and forcefully walked me backwards until I ran into the wall. She dropped to her knees as she told me, quite in charge like, "I said I want to taste your cock!" 

There I was, slumped back against the wall, looking down with this hotter than life brunette sucking my cock like she couldn't get enough of it. My legs quivered as I stood/leaned there. She took my cock out and looked up at me then back down at my cock and spat on it, wrapped her soft hands around the shaft and took it back into her hungry mouth. By now I was standing on my toes and doing all that I could do to keep from coming yet. I warned her that if she didn't stop that any second I was going to spray a hot load of love juice down her sexy and wanting throat. She never missed a beat or slowed down. She heard me start to moan and must have felt my balls tighten. She pulled my cock out of her mouth just in time for me to let my load fly all over her creamy tits. She rubbed the head against her nipples and smiled up at me with a wicked grin. As I started to pull her up to me she, she used her hands and rubbed my sticky load into her breasts. She loved it; she was going to get all of my cock as she could handle tonight.

I pushed her backwards onto the bed and laid on top of her, feeling her cum covered fun bags against my firm chest. I kissed her deep, the way that told her I wanted her even more that I could have wanted her before. I slid back down her chest and sucked on both of her nipples tasting my salty surprise that she had so fervently coaxed form my balls. I reached between her legs again and felt her swollen clit and rubbed it between my fingers, looking into her eyes and telling her how I wanted to fuck her hot little snatch. I dropped back down and licked her hot pussy again, this time I slid a finger in and she swirled her hips as though it was a cock and she was trying to get more of it. I pulled her clit between my lips and sucked hard as I slid another finger in, again she swirled her hips around trying to get more. I knew she wanted some fuck meat, she wanted cock and she wanted it bad. I rolled her over and pulled her hips up to me as I took my cock in hand and rubbed the head against her puffy lips. She pushed back and in went the head. I grabbed her ass cheeks and slowly fed her my cock as I told her hot incredibly hot she is. I held it there, buried deep into her womb and just savoring the feeling of her silky smooth love tunnel. Then I pulled back and started to fuck this woman slowly, gently and tenderly, she moaned as did I and as time went on our pace quickened. We didn't mean for it too but we wanted it, we both moaned as we tried to become one with the others body. It was hard holding off as I grabbed firm to her hips and stared at that round gorgeous ass. All of a sudden I stopped, I pulled my prick out and leaned down and lick her pussy and her ass. I drooled on her little bud of an asshole to get it nice and wet, then shoved my cock back into her cunt. As I started fucking her deeply again I reached down and placed my fingertip against her tiny asshole. My pressure increased and my fingertip slipped in, then more, before I knew it, she had my entire finger buried in her ass as my cock violated her juicy pussy. She moaned and came all over my cock, tiny sweat beads began to form on her back and I could feel a trickle run down my own, it felt like we were fucking in a sauna!

I slowly pulled my cock from her swollen lips and placed my juice covered cock head against her ass. "You want this don't you", I said. "Yes, please fuck my tight little asshole, let me feel you open me up and flood my asshole with your cum baby!" I didn't need another invitation, I slowly pushed forward and let her take me as quickly or as slowly ash she wanted. It was about a quarter of the way in and I pulled it back to the tip again and she whimpered. "Give me your fucking cock, fuck my ass you bastard, make me want it even more!" Ok this was going to drive me insane listening to her talk nasty to me like this and I gave her what she wanted. I shoved my fat cock slowly but instantly up her hungry ass until my balls rested against her soaking wet pussy lips. "You want to be ass fucked? I've got an ass fucking for you!" I began my anal assault on her, slowly at first but the pace quickened and she reached back and began finger fucking her pussy. She rubbed it and moaned as I invaded her, over and over again I plunged my thick cock into her ass. I reached up and grabbed her hair and tangled my fingers into it at the base of her neck and tugged it firmly. "You're a dirty little fuck toy aren't you, you love to feel a hot cock buried in any hole that you have, don't you?" "Yes, oh GOD yes!" She moaned. "Please fuck me baby, fuck my hot little ass and fill it with your hot cum, let me feel your cock pulsing inside me as your cum squirts deep into my bowls." She screamed that she was cumming and begged me to cum with her. I lost it and together our bodies convulsed, our breathing was so heavy, sweat dripped down our skin and our chests heaved. I felt my cock squirting and pulsing deep inside her body and collapsed on top of her as she let out a deep sigh.

I slowly withdrew my cock and pulled it loose from her ass. I rolled off of her and lay beside her as my arms rolled her over to face me. I took her beautiful face into my hands and stared into her eyes and told her how unbelievably incredible she is. I kissed her softly on the forehead and then on the lips. Her skin was a bit salty but so delicious and soft. We lay there holding each other kissing for what seemed like eternity. 

I finally ran my hands up and down her body and told her I regret having to do so but I had to be leaving. We got up, went to the shower and stepped under the hot water and let it cascade down our bodies. She was such a beautiful person, inside and out. She held so much passion in her body, so much beauty, and so much love. We washed each other and ended up having round two in the shower. Nothing nasty, just soft and sensual, the perfect ending to a perfect evening. What does next time hold? Well only time will tell, the more you learn each other's bodies, the more you open up and give. Time stood still this night, nothing else mattered except that our bodies were entwined and we were together.