 V calls M and tells him to meet her in the parking lot of the [name omitted] shopping mall. As he drives to where she is parked, she gets into his car while he looks for a place to park. M still doesn't know how he should be feeling after their wild (to say the least) session in the motel not long ago.

V: Well, how are you? You haven't said much lately.

M: Feeling a bit strange. I mean, I never thought of myself as gay or bi, but with the way I got off when ...

V: Sweetie, everyone is bi. Most people tune it out, but a few of the more open minded ones allow themselves to enjoy it. But what you did wasn't bi or gay. As I recall, it was just you, and me, and some toys. Anyway, enough talk. Next to sex, shopping is my favorite activity so let's go. Oh, and by the way, as I recall, I came twice and you only came once, so I owe you one.

And this time of year [late January] things are nice and slow so we'll practically have the place to ourselves.

V leads them to a department store at one end of the mall and proceeds to the mens department. She spends only a couple of minutes looking for slacks, and then tells M he has to go to the fitting rooms to try them on. As he walks in, V follows. She walks right into the stall with him which surprises him a bit, but he knows better than to be too surprised at anything V does.

Once inside, M removes his leather jacket. He takes off his trousers and as he reaches for the new pair, V intercepts him. She undoes the buttons of his shirt and reaches inside. When she gets to his nipples, she fingers them with the balls of her index fingers. V kisses M deeply, searching for his tongue with hers.

V: I thought so. These little magic buttons just jump to attention for me, don't they.

M just smiled nervously. Hell, they were in a public place and he had his pants off. For all he knew, store security could be watching them right now.

V grabs M by the shoulders and turns him around. She bends him over, lifts his shirt tail, and then pulls his boxers halfway down his thighs.

V: Don't say anything. Just relax.

M feels V pulling his ass cheeks apart and then before he can figure out what's going on, he feels something cold against his anus. V begins pushing it and M's anus clenches involuntarily.

V: Oh no you don't. Don't clam up now. Relax. C'mon, you know how. 

And as she says that, he begins to release his tight anal muscles. V then presses her toy into M and he realizes that she is inserting her plug in his ass again.

M: Geez, not here!

V: Yes, here. Shut up. You'll love this. I haven't disappointed you yet, have I?

V works the plug all the way into M's ass. M wasn't as ready for it as he had been the last time out. V took her time relaxing his little ring last time but this time there are hardly any preliminaries.

After the plug is fully seated, V wipes away any excess lube.

V: OK lover, let's go.

Without waiting for M to pull up his pants, V exits the changing cubicle and begins to leave. M puts himself back together as quickly as he can and scurries after V.

When he catches up with her, he realizes that he's now walking around a major shopping mall with a butt plug firmly ensconced in his tight ass. V leads him around to a few stores, checking out different things that interest her. After a few minutes, she leads him into a Victoria's Secret store. M begins to worry knowing that V could do anything, and the more outrageous, the more appealing to her.

She grabs some sexy items and heads to the changing rooms. She makes M stand outside while she undresses and she makes sure he can see a little of what's going on inside. M can feel himself getting hard, and can feel the plug's presence in his ass.

After a while, V comes back out fully dressed. She leads him out into the mall hall areas again.

V: Well, lover, how does it feel? 

M: Well, it feels kind of full, but exciting. I don't know how long I can keep it in though. [In a hushed voice] and it's making me hard.

V: Good. Let's go.

V grabs M's jacket sleeve and directs him towards a mens shop at the far end of the mall. Once there she picks out some nice slacks and heads into the dressing area with him. As they go in together, an attendant gives her a quizzical look.

V: It's OK, he's my husband.

Once inside, V pulls M's jacket off, undoes his shirt buttons, undoes and pulls down his pants, and kneels down in front of him. She then pulls his boxers down and without any fanfare, sucks his cock into her mouth.

As M starts to protest, V reaches up and grabs M's nipples. 

M: Hole fucking shit! She's sucking me here in a dressing stall where we could be caught at anytime. Hell, they might even be watching us on camera right now. But God, this feels so fucking great!

V uses all of her talents to make M cum quickly. M has been turned on due to the plug's insistent presence in his ass that he cums a lot. When he's done, V stands up, gets up on her tippy-toes, puts her hands at the back of M's neck, and gives him a hot kiss. Once she has his lips locked to hers, she pushes her tongue inside his mouth with most of the cum from his ejaculation still in hers. Again, a salty bitter taste, but the fact that it's coming from her mouth, while he's standing there with his still hard cock between them makes it all so fucking hot.

V: There lover. Now we're even!