 James was stunned by the current position that he found himself in. He started to recap the last twelve hours of events in his head: first he sees this amazing sexual encounter between two beautiful women and is fortunate enough to have a private front row performance, then the next morning he finds that it is his soon to be ex walking out of that very same apartment, and now he is laying on a bed with her in a very compromising position. Either this is pure luck or a really stupid idea, either way it is where he is at, so he figures he will make the best of it that he can.

"Well what do we have here? This is a beautifully familiar sight to see. I wonder, if kiss you here...?" James leaned forward and gently started to kiss Sybil around her clavicle; the reaction that he got was exactly what he wanted. She started to moan in a deep and sexy way, clutching to his arms and pulling him in close. She breathed in his sent, it was his own, and it was just for her. It was the smell that calmed her down and excited her all at the same time, when he was close to her she would get fiery burn deep in her pelvis. 

"Oh James, you haven't forgotten what gets me. Keep doing that and you are going to find yourself in a bit of trouble!" Sybil was in heaven, it had been so long since she had felt this overwhelming sensation and she didn't want it to end. She reached down between the two of them, pleasantly surprised to find that he was just as aroused as she was. She gripped him with a firm but gentle hand, giving him a little squeeze as she began to stroke him. "Is this how you did it last night? Where you just as hard then as you are now?" Sybil could feel her juices beginning to flow more freely now, James was relentless on her neck, making sure that she came at least once. He loved the idea of her coming and getting all wet from a simple kiss. 

"Yes, I was rubbing one out pretty much the entire time you and her were, well, you know..."

"Yes, I do know. It was amazing. But were you harder then?"

"Don't get me wrong, what I witnessed last night was nothing short of extraordinary, but this right here, this is what gets me."

"And what is that?"

"Your soft, sweet skin pressing against me. Feeling your beating heart pounding in rhythm with mine, hearing the sounds that you make. All of your little coos and moans as I work inside of you and bring you to ecstasy."

"I never knew..." Sybil paused as she began to choke on her words, "I never know this was truly how you felt about me. How come..."

James leaned in kissed her before she could finish her sentence. He knew that he had not been very open with her about the way he felt when they were together. That was part of the problem, she began to feel insecure and question his true feelings. He felt bad about telling her now, now that they were living in separate homes and going their separate ways. Sybil returned the kiss with a passion that had not been felt in a long time. She could tell that he was being genuine and she could hear the regret in his voice. James reached down and peeled the robe back the rest of the way, exposing the rest of her body. 

He left her lips and moved to her neck, placing gentle kisses all down the side, nibbling and biting softly as he went down her neck to her chest. He softly squeezed her breasts as he kissed and sucked on them, she moaned in response and let her fingers run through his hair, before gently but firmly moving his head lower down her abdomen. James knew what she wanted, and he was more than happy to oblige. He looked at her and grinned...

"And what is it that I am supposed to do?"

"You know."

"Oh, do I?"

"James don't play with me, I want your special kisses." Sybil had always been shy about asking for things like this, and it had become a little game that they would play. Even though he knew what she wanted he would try and get her to admit it.

"I want your lips on mine. I want you to eat me and make me cum so that I can kiss it away later."

And with that James lowered his head and parted her legs, exposing her so that he could make her happy. He loved to tease her, so before he would really begin to pleasure her he lightly dragged his tongue over her lips, avoiding all of her sensitive areas such as her clit and vagina. She squirmed and wiggled beneath him, laugh and giggling, begging him to lick her vagina and suck her clit.

"James that tickles. Please suck me, lick me. I want to feel your tongue in me. I want to cum all over you. Make me squirt for you."

James was the only man that had ever been able to make her squirt and soak everything around her. And he took great pleasure from making her do this as well. When James felt he had teased her enough he latched on to her clit and began flicking it with his tongue, Sybil arched her back and pressed his face into her. She moaned a sigh of relief, right away she could feel herself getting hotter and more aroused, she began to pant and coo as he brought her to her first orgasm.

"Yes, that's it, right there. I'm going to cum for you, make your wife cum. Mmmm... that's it my love."

These are words that James had not heard in some time, and that was all the motivation that he needed. With that he focused in on her clit working his tongue in circular motions and flickering his tongue over her. He knew that it was only a matter of time before she was writhing and screaming. He let his tongue slip down to her vagina briefly and was pleasantly surprised to feel how wet and hot she was. He lapped at her sweet cum for a few moments before he went back to her clit, this time with greater purpose. Sybil had a pet name for James when she got really worked up, and she always whispered it as she got closer to her grand finale. 

"Jimmy, I going to cum for you... Oh God, YES..., YES..., YEEESSSS..." 

And with that she let loose. She began to buck her hips wildly and scream at the top of her lungs. She could feel herself getting ready to squirt and she feverishly tapped James on the shoulder. Usually he would let but, but this time he bared down on her and hung on. He knew she was about to go wild, and he would need the better grip. And he was right, before long she was scratching her nails on his shoulders and arms, screaming and groaning deeply. She released the most he had seen from her in a long time, and as always she soaked everything in her path: him, the sheets, her, even the surrounding blankets. He rolled over when she was done, wiped his face, and looked over at her lovingly. She was laying there soaked though and through, panting and smiling with her eyes closed. Her mouth was open slightly, so he took the opportunity.