 There he was lying on the bed, and I walked up to him and began unbuttoning his pants. I didn't say a word, and neither did he. Our eyes did the talking for us showing all the passion, love and desire that existed between us. 

I was finally free to reach my hand slowly down his pants feeling the bulge that had been pressed into me all night while we were so closely dancing. I climbed on him and sat on top of his bulge. He could feel my wetness seeping onto his rock hard cock, while I unbuttoned his shirt. I slowly squirmed on top of him, grinding myself on him. I slid my wet pussy across his stomach leaving a silky trail, and then put my hands into his hands. He humored me by allowing me to pin him down on the bed. I leaned over allowing my breasts to lie on his bare chest as I kissed him. 

He was no longer quite so humoring to the teasing he knew I would continue so he rapidly took over control of the situation. He rolled over, allowing me to fall onto my back on the bed, still holding my hands firmly, and suddenly I realized the roles were reversed. He began licking and sucking gently on my neck and moving downward until his lips were covering my breasts, and his teeth were teasingly biting my nipples. His tongue was flicking across my hard protruding nipples. His hands left mine, and moved to assist in the teasing.

Then he allowed one hand to slowly slide down my stomach and over my neatly trimmed hair, and found my wet hole. One finger dove deep into me making my body arch, and his teeth clinched down harder on my nipple. He then gently massaged my nipple with his tongue and sucked slowly soothing the pain from the bite. I moaned with great desire and he thrust another finger into me, and went much deeper this time. My hands were grasping his hair, holding him close to my bosom. 

He lifted his head, and the love in his eyes was burning into my soul. He began leaving a trail of butterfly kisses down my tummy until his tongue met his fingers. His facial hair was tickling my pussy as his tongue worked eagerly to lap the pleasures from my earlier escapade. His fingers were working feverishly nearly pounding in me. My moans were growing louder and closer together mimicking the stoking of his tongue and thrusts of his fingers. I reached out my arm and slipped his underwear down with animal like force, and unleashed his cock with my hand. 

Pulling him towards my mouth, as he mounted me in the 69 position. I licked the head of his cock; enjoying the drop of cum that had appeared and then allowed the head to force it's way making me part my lips. His stokes of his fingers became more hindered and not as calculated in my pussy, as I took his mass into my mouth in one quick swoop. I found great pleasure in knowing he was enjoying what I was doing for him. I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter, and my pussy was swelling even more. He blew on my wetness, which sent shivers through me. 

My moans were vibrating his dick that was stuffed in my mouth, and another drop of cum danced across my tongue. I knew I was going to explode again, and I wanted him to taste each succulent drop this time. I had one hand gripped around his stiff cock, and another cupping his tight balls. I squeezed his cock in a pumping motion and was allowing him to fuck my mouth vigorously. My body stiffened, my mouth opened and my lips lost the suction that had previously been present.

I let out a scream as I had never done before, and my peachy juices squirted from my pussy and into his mouth. He moaned as he savored each drop in his mouth, as he kissed my inner thighs. He had always wanted to make me squirt and this time he had succeeded. Every muscle in my body was tensed and I was quivering. I licked his rock hard cock again, and he immediately buried his head into my sensitive area showing no mercy. I nearly lifted off the bed, when he did this, and he let out an evil laugh knowing exactly what he was doing. I then pushed him off of me and I demanded he lay on his back. He did exactly as he was told, and I climbed on top of my lover. I allowed his hard cock to barely touch my pussy, as I shivered when it did. I then maneuvered myself so the tip of his cock barely slid into my pussy.

My hands were pressing in his chest, as I invited a little more of him to venture into me. I now had the head completely into me, and the look on his face was priceless. I had longed for so very long for his shaft to be in me, and tonight all my dreams were becoming reality. His hands were cupping my breasts and his fingers were again pinching and playing with my nipples. I quickly rammed myself down on his cock as I watched his face cringe with the motion. I began bouncing with precise motions, each time with more effort slamming downward. 

I loved watching his face. He could barely keep his eyes opened while I was riding his cock. His breathing was becoming faster and mine did as well. My pussy was so sensitive and my cunt felt so good, however I knew I wanted to cum again. It had been so long since we had been made love to or touched by anyone other than ourselves, it was amazing we were controlling our bodies as well as we were. 

His hands were on my waist and he was thrusting his body up to meet my body on the way down. The slapping of my pussy onto his body was all that we heard over our breathing, and I knew that he would not be able to abstain from filling me full of his hot, thick cum much longer. I grinded down on his cock unexpectedly and asked him if my tight little pussy felt good to him. He opened his eyes and said, "oh yes baby". I repeated myself again to him and his answer was the same. 

I told him to hold off and not cum yet, and I could tell he wanted to wait, but he wanted to release his load also. I continued my bouncing again, but not as fast or as hard. His body was pushing me to go faster, but I also wanted to let him know that I was in control now. I grinded myself on him again, and his cock was so deeply embedded into me. I bounced again on him, but this time rose up on my knees and his cock came completely out of me. He looked with anticipation and somewhat confusion, as I leaned down and kissed his lips. Our tongues danced with one another and then I turned and crawled on the bed. I positioned myself between his legs and looked at him, making sure he had his eyes on me. I grabbed his cock, which was glistening with my pussy juice on it, as my tongue stretched out and licked him from his balls up to the tip very slowly. 

He let out a sigh and said, "Oh my God baby". He knew I had fantasized many times about him cumming in my mouth, and he realized that I was determined to taste his first load in my mouth versus anywhere else on this night. I continued my slow licking until I had cleaned my juices off of his cock watching his face each tongue stroke. I began sucking on the head and squeezed on the shaft of his cock until I was rewarded with another small, tasty drop of liquid pleasure. I felt his hand reach to the top of my head as he was begging me to take more of him in my mouth. He began pushing my head down with strength, and I would accommodate his silent request. Each time going down further but constantly watching him. 

He would open his eyes whenever possible, but that wasn't very often. I began taking him deeper into my mouth until his cock was going down my throat. I had always thought and been told that I had given a great blow job, but tonight I was determined to perform at my highest level yet. I was able to take him completely in my mouth, and knew that I was about to have my mouth filled with his white load. He still had his hand on my head, however he had grabbed a handful of hair in his fist now, and was pushing me down harder and harder. His body was thrusting against my strokes, and each time his cock was going down my throat. 

I slid my available hand down his leg and onto his balls. His breathing told me he was close to discharge, which made me quicken the strokes even faster. My tongue was trying to massage the head each time, but the strokes were getting too fast for my tongue to keep up. 

I increased the amount of suction around his cock, and he face began to grimace. He put his other hand on my head, grabbing another handful of hair, and yelled out my name. I could feel his cum running through the shaft and my eyes were frozen on his face. He pushed my head further nearly making me gag on his instrument, as I immediately felt a force of thick, salty but sweet cum hit the back of my throat. Another immediately followed, and his screams were unforgettable. 

Another squirt filled my mouth, as I had to pull him out of my mouth in order to swallow. When I swallowed his load but before I could open up again to except him back into my mouth, another squirt shot onto my full lips and my tongue ejected outward of my mouth to greet his one last squirt. I had never had a lover that released this much juice, and I was amazed. I licked my lips and swallowed the rest of his cum. 

He still had one hand of hair in his fist and after freeing me from his grip; he opened up arms inviting me to join him on the bed. I accepted that invitation without a thought, and kissed his chest before lying down. He kissed the top of my head, and I laid my ear on his chest. His heart was pounding in his chest and he rubbed my arms. For two people who normally had so much to say, we both were completely speechless, not to mention out of breath. We both knew this had been the missing link in our relationship, and neither of us needed to say a word. 

The night had been perfect, and we connected, as we never had in our lives with anyone else. Our souls had truly united tonight, and there aren't words to describe this. All I could manage to say was I love you baby, and nothing in my life will ever compare to this night.