 This is the prequel to A Friendly Lunch -- enjoy!

*

I'd been looking forward to the party for a couple weeks. It was a mutual friend's birthday party, and it was a theme party. We were instructed to come dressed as what we wanted to be when we grew up. For gags, Kris and I went as Hugh Hefner and his Gothic Playmate.

I'd planned the outfit, and it was great! My hair was long and dark brunette, with a white-blonde streak in front, ala Rogue from X-Men movies. My brown eyes were rimmed with black liquid eyeliner, and I wore the reddest lipstick I could find. Tight red tank top and black pushup bra, and a micro-mini pleated skirt. I went with red and black striped thigh-high stockings, and Doc Martens boots. I loved the outfit, and from what looks I got, so did the guys at the party!

We got to the party, greeted the birthday boy, and cosied up with drinks to watch people play a drinking game called Tippy Cup. Kris and I were on the porch couch, watching everyone else and chatting, when he left his hand on my knee as he was talking to someone else. I didn't think anything of it, as Kris and I are always more familiar with each other that the average set of friends. His hand stayed on my knee, fingers drawing lazy circles absently. Kris stood up to play Tippy Cup, and I sat on the arm of the couch to watch, right next to the table where the game was being played. Randomly, between turns, Kris would lean over and kiss me square in the mouth, longer than the normal peck on the lips. The more I drank, the less I noticed how unusual his behavior was. At some point in the evening, Kris and I ended up on the couch, making out like teenagers, apparently.

Everything I tell you next was a blur of events that I am unsure of, as to the order they happened. Either we made out on the Tippy Cup table, or in the driveway first, I don't recall, but I do remember being plunked down on the table and my breasts getting teased by his mouth. The idea that I was making out with a guy that was nothing more than a friend while sober, vaguely registered in my mind as the alcohol numbed out the surprise of the whole experience. Had I been sober, I'd have been shocked.

At some point, we ended up in the driveway, him leaning back on an old Oldsmobile Cutlass while I teased his cock through his pants, with my mouth. People walked by us in the semi-dark, and if they noticed us, they never said anything. I remember being pulled to my feet and feeling fingers on my pussy, teasing in and out of it. "We're leaving." Kris stated after what seemed like an eternity of him teasing my wet pussy. We were in the car and gone before I could make a sentence.

The ride back to his house didn't seem to take long, and his fingers hardly left my pussy the entire drive. Somehow we stumbled to the door and into the living room. We'd been giggling from the conversation we were having, when Kris grabbed my face and kissed me rough and demanding. Inebriated as I was, my reflexes kicked in and I was kissing him back. His hands started pulling at my tank top, yanking it over my head. He helped me out of my boots, leaving me in my skirt, bra and stockings. 

I was pushed onto one of the couches, and he began sucking my nipples through the thin bra. I started bucking up against him, wanting more of that. He spread my legs and slid my panties down my legs, then tossed them aside. With one hand one my breast, pinching and rolling the nipple, he started licking my pussy with long, flat licks. I could feel myself getting wetter, just with what he was doing to my nipples, so the licks were compounding my arousal. He licked slowly at first, then faster and faster, until I was burying my pussy in his face, back arched against the couch and head thrown back in ecstasy. I love to be eaten, and Kris was doing a FABULOUS job! He nipped at my clit and then sucked on it, and I thought I was going to hit the ceiling in pleasure. "Oh Holy God in Heaven!" I cried out, as Kris kept up his attentions to my clit. I came with a force that I hadn't felt in months, and he held onto my legs and kept eating me as I bucked against him with abandon. After 10 minutes or so, I could form coherent thoughts again, and my body had somewhat recovered. After being eaten that well, there's only one way to repay it. It was my turn to make Kris scream, and I was on a mission.

I pulled Kris to his feet and stripped him. Nothing gentle, nothing soft, all business. Once naked, I pushed him down onto the opposing couch, and hit my knees between his legs. "You don't have to, you kn-" was all he could say before I took his cock in my mouth and began wrapping my tongue around it. I swirled my tongue around his cock, over and over, as I bobbed up and down. Using medium pressure, I ran the tip of my tongue from the base of his cock to the tip, as though I was trying to force the cum out by my tongue. "Oh my God, that's great!" He moaned. I kept going, alternating between swirling licks and pushing up cum, until Kris was bucking against me, hands holding the base of my head while he fucked my mouth. He quickened his pace, and I pinned his wrists to his sides, so I was in full control of when he orgasmed. I slowed down, just enough to let us both catch a little breath, but not for long. Once I had my rhythm down, I went fast and furious, whether or not he was ready to cum. "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God!" I heard him scream, as his fingers dug into the hair at the base of my skull and held me still as his cum shot into my mouth. I swallowed it all, licking up the sides of his cock to extend the orgasm a little longer. Kris was moaning, nothing coherent, but I felt great, since he'd always told me he was quiet in bed, and here he'd been, moments before, sounding like he was in the throes of a religious experience. He slid off the couch, onto the floor, and lay there for a while, til I thought he'd passed out. 

The last thing I remember, before passing out and falling asleep, was that it must've been a damn good dream, as my friend Kris was too nice of a guy to try any of that in real life...