 It was the evening before my wedding. The next morning I was going to marry the only girl who had ever made me want to settle down and I knew I should have been ecstatic but I couldn't hep feeling a teensy bit like this was the end of the world. 

Its not like I haven't had a full life. I have had my share of girls - some more serious than others - and my fair share of those who I was not serious about at all - but there is a certain inevitability about monogamy that had me breaking into a cold sweat. Don't get me wrong, I am no saint. But regardless of how I may have lived my life before this moment, I knew that the moment I said those words before the justice of peace, I would be the most faithful husband on the planet.

And it was probably that very truth that had me in a blue funk.

The boys had organized a bachelors party for me. Unfortunately, someone screwed up and instead of the strippers and all night party they all thought I was getting, we ended up at our favorite bar. I wasn't complaining. Frankly, tonight I was not in the mood for strange women, no matter how naked they were. 

There were about 12 of us guys at a table at the corner and as could be expected, I was the focus of all the attention. I was plied with drinks of all sorts, cocktails, shooters, interminable rounds of drinks of dubious origin. In an hour, I was seriously buzzed.

Around about halfway through the evening I realized that one of the guys at the table was actually a girl. Michelle was one of my closest friends and even in my inebriated state, there was no mistaking the full throaty laugh right next to me. I turned and squinted. It was her alright, in a sleeveless see-through top and jeans sitting amongst a bunch of half drunk guys like she was one of them. 

Let me explain Michelle. We had been friends through half a dozen relationships. A regular Harry met Sally - just without the happy ending. She was sexy and funny and intelligent but for all sorts of reasons we never had any chemistry of any sort. Its not that I haven't considered the possibilities - there were times between relationships when she came over and we talked late into the night about stuff. Nights when it got too late for her to go back to her apartment and when she just pulled on one of my old shirts and, instead of making her sleep on the couch, I asked her to share the bed with me. There were times when I thought she wanted to take things a little further - like the one time she just stripped off to her bra and panties - complaining about the heat and then promptly snuggled into me before going to sleep. But despite all the opportunities we had, nothing ever happened. I am sure we both thought about it at different times, but neither of us acted on it.

So here she was, the only girl allowed entry into this stag party, a real gal who was almost one of the guys. She sensed me staring at her and turned and gave me her trademark smile - a curl of the lips and a warmth that rose straight to her eyes. 

"So" she said, "all nervous about tomorrow?"

Trust her to sense my mood. She had this uncanny way of seeing through my facade.

I was about to answer her when the next round of tequila shots arrived and everyone made a big production about how I had to lead the table. 

"Make him do body shots" a voice next to me said, to loud hoots from the rest of the guys. I stared at Michelle. She shrugged, her shoulders. She was the only gal and it was up to her to do the honors.

She picked up the lime and rubbed it on the skin of her neck and poured salt over it. She then stuck the lime between her lips and winked at me. The guys started chanting and hooting. I was not sure where this was all headed but it looked as if Michelle was game. I picked up my shot glass, licked the base of her neck to get to the salt then downed the tequila and sucked the lime between her lips. The lime was sour and dulled the bite of the tequila but what jolted me nearly out of my stupor was the touch of her warm moist lips against mine. I lingered for a little longer than was really necessary, feeling her lips gently press against mine, wondering why I never tried to do this before.

I eventually had to pull away as my pals pounded my back and ordered for more drinks. The evening wore on. They had me dress in a skirt with a blonde wig and dance on the table wearing a white bra that they stuffed with napkins. I understand there was more of the same but somewhere around then the evening began to get hazy. 

The next thing I remember, we were all headed to a friends place to continue the party. We all squeezed into two cars and for some reason, Michelle ended up sitting on my lap. This was not the first time she had sat in that position, but either the alcohol in my blood or the strangely erotic body shot we shared went straight to my groin and suddenly stiffened my cock. I know she noticed because she suddenly went still and then after a moment perceptibly leaned into me. She didn't turn back but in the darkness I felt her hand reach for mine and squeeze it gently.

I should have stopped it then and there. I was about to be married the next day and Michelle was my best friend. Whatever I did, regardless of who found out or did not, this was going to end up hurting either my wife to be or my best friend. I should have got out of the car and caught a cab home while, I could still remember what I was doing - but I didn't.

We got to my friends place. I was terribly unsteady on my feet and Michelle had to support me as I got out of the car. She pulled my arm over her shoulder and wrapped her arm around my waist as we staggered into the apartment. It was cold at night and even though the street was dark, I could see through her gauzy white top in the moonlight. She was wearing a pale blue bra that completely covered her small firm breasts. I could smell her perfume through the haze of alcohol and for a moment I staggered.

"Whoa" she said, "Maybe we should just wait outside for a while till the fresh air clears your head."

I nodded weakly, in no state of mind to argue. I leaned against the wall of the apartment and looked at her, drinking in her short blonde hair, cropped like Meg Ryan, her slim torso, vaguely visible through the transparent material of her top, and her long slender, denim encased legs that I had seen naked so many times before, but never once had wanted to touch with such fervor as I did right now.

"Do you know I am getting married tomorrow?" I asked, rather obviously.

"Yes" she answered simply. I thought I could hear a tinge of wistfulness in her voice.

"Everything changes after tomorrow" I said, not really knowing what I meant. 

"I know." she said and then without warning reached in and kissed me on the lips. 

We had never kissed on the lips before, but the moment our lips touched it was as if some enormous dam of pent up emotions cam tumbling down. I reached for her head like a drowning man clutching a life raft and pulled her head down towards mine, locking my lips to hers with a passion that must have left a bruise. We kissed for what seemed like hours, trailing wet lips over each others face, neck, ears, as if we were both trying to memorize each others faces in a completely different way. 

We suddenly broke away, both realizing that we did not get here alone and that the other guys were probably just ahead of us. I was in no shape to go check so Michelle quickly ran ahead and told the gang that I was quite wasted and needed the fresh air and that we would join them in a bit. Either she was totally convincing or they were all too drunk to care, but in a few minutes, she was back, all alone wearing a wicked grin.

"So where were we?" she asked running her tongue lazily over her lower lip.

I looked around for someplace a little more secluded and nodded my head towards the garage behind the apartment. We quickly headed to the dark spaces behind the cars and even before we quite got there we fell upon each other like animals.

I caught her face in my hands and sucked her mouth furiously, letting out, what I only then realized was the pent up emotions of the last 10 years. She responded in kind, running her hands through my hair and forcing her tongue deep into my mouth with an almost violent passion.

I dropped my hands and raised her top up to her armpits, seeing for myself what she had half hidden all evening. Her bra was a bright blue and covered her small firm breasts completely. I lowered my head and kissed her between her breasts, gently licking the slopes of her breast as I felt her arch her head and let out an involuntary sigh. I moved my right hand to her bra, pushing it up and over her breast till her long hard nipple was exposed. I moved over till her nipple was between my lips and tugged at it gently, running my tongue all over her areola till she moaned and arched her back, pressing her breast further against my mouth. My hands were all over her torso, feeling the muscles on her back as they arched and flexed with my ministrations, feeling the taut firmness of her stomach and the outline of her ribcage below her breasts. 

She suddenly reached behind her and unclasped her bra, pulling it off in one swift motion. Her breasts stood proud, small firm and tipped with long eraser hard nipples. She dropped her top so that her naked breasts were covered by the fabric yet achingly visible through the transparent fabric. She then sank to her knees in front of me and began to unbuckle my belt.

My cock was hard as rock by now. The moment she unbuttoned my jeans it popped out, making an ungainly tent of my underwear. I looked down at her as she stared at the bulge and couldn't help noticing how erotic this whole scene was. There was I with my jeans on the floor, my cock threatening to poke a hole in my Jockeys and a gorgeous girl in a completely transparent top, kneeling before it like a devotee before a deity. 

I reached for the waistband of my underwear and pushed it down to join my trousers. My hard cock stood up strong and completely at right angles to my body aimed straight at her eye. She seemed transfixed, unable to move.

I reached down for her head and gently guided her towards my cock. She looked up at me, her eyes stricken with self doubt for a moment, doubtless thinking that I was going to be married to another woman tomorrow, and wondering whether she should go through with this. But then I saw the twinkle in her eye and the slow curling smile as she opened her mouth and enveloped my cock in the warm wet suction of her tongue.

The moment I felt her mouth on my cock I could not help but moan. She was very good, working my cock with skill and sensitivity, careful to ensure that she didn't ever scrape my skin with her teeth yet keeping up a firm suction that had me shuddering in no time whatsoever. I think she must have sensed it because she suddenly pulled me out and grinned wickedly.

"Are you sure that is how you want to end it" she asked softly, her voice no more than a murmur in the silence of the night.

I shook my head mutely, realizing that my friend of so many years had just agreed to be the last girl I fucked before I jumped into a life of self imposed monogamy. 

She stood up in front of me. The moonlight through a high window in the garage lit her up like a spotlight. Her small round breasts were stuck to her sweaty skin. Her nipples poked through the fabric like they had a life of their own. 

She kept here eyes on my as she slowly unbuckled her belt and then unzipped her jeans. She never broke her gaze even once as she bent down slowly, pushing them over her hips and down to the floor. She stepped out of her jeans and then slowly walked away from me to one of the cars parked in the corner. She looked over her shoulder at me as she walked away knowing that I was staring at her round ass, encased in her black lace panties that clenched and unclenched with each step she took. She stopped once she reached the car and then, after one last lingering look at me, draped herself over the hood, legs parted and arms over her head, vulnerable and completely open, symbolically offering her body up to me unconditionally.

I walked across to her, pulling my shirt off and tossing it to the floor. One part of me wanted to rush across to her and pound into her, the other, surprisingly calm part slowed down my walk, building the anticipation and soaking in the image of this slim beautiful girl lying on her back, almost in supplication, giving up her body to me to do as I will. 

I reached her and stood over her. She looked up at me and then slowly pulled her top off so that she was completely naked except for her black lace panties. I gently ran my fingers over her panties, softly grazing the mound covered by the lace. I ran my fingers up her body, feeling her breasts fill my palms as I cupped them, her hard nipples, scratching my skin as I teased them. I ran my hands down the side of her breasts and up the side of her torso to her soft smooth armpits. I gently caressed her chin and her ears.

She writhed slowly on the bonnet of the car, her hands reaching above her head to the windscreen. I reached for the waistband of her panties, pulling it down with one hand. She eagerly raised her hips, helping me slip her last remaining garment off her body leaving her naked on the car. 

I ran my eyes down her body and gasped. I know she had been contemplating a Brazilian, but I never thought she would get it done. 

She smiled when she saw the sudden lust in my eyes, "I had it done this afternoon. Do you like it?"

I nodded speechless. 

"Think of it as a wedding present" she breathed, running her hands down her own body and between her legs as she spread her legs wide, inviting.

My cock was harder than it had ever been. I reached for her hands and prized them away from her smooth hairless cunt, dipping a finger in between the folds of flesh. She was wet and glistening and completely ready for me. I rubbed some of her fluids on my cock and then positioned myself to enter into her.

"Michelle..." I said, almost as if I was giving her one last chance to tell me to stop.

"I want you inside me" she said, almost as if she sensed my doubt.

I thrust firmly into her. She gasped as she felt my long hard muscle, force its way into her body. A couple of thrusts and I was deep inside her warm moist cunt, feeling her sweaty body against my own. 

"Fuck me" she said in almost a whisper.

I began to thrust, rhythmically. She responded, raising her body to meet mine, in time with my thrusts, harder and faster, feeling the friction between our bodies pushing both of us towards an orgasm. She reached behind me and grasped my back, digging her fingers into my skin. She raised her knees till they were almost under her armpits, allowing me complete and unhindered access into her body. I raised myself up so that I could thrust deeper and faster. She began to moan loudly, shaking her head from side to side, beads of sweat appearing on her hairline and above her lips. I could feel my orgasm building but I willed myself to keep it down, not wanting this moment to end.

 She called out my name, arching her back and convulsing her vagina muscles as she allowed her orgasm to cascade over her body, shuddering as her entire body responded. The convulsive contractions of her vagina were too much for me to bear and in a rush my orgasm crashed all around me spurting semen deep inside her cunt again and again in an almost never ending fountain.

I collapsed on her breasts breathing heavily like a long distance runner.

"If only we had done this sooner ..." I whispered, the regret heavy in my voice.

The moment the words came out of my mouth, I know that it touched a chord in her. A tear slipped out of the corner of her eye as she realized that after what we had done today, things would never be the same. She smiled weakly and kissed my hands. I gently brushed her hair and kissed her on her lips. She clung to me, almost in desperation, one last time.

Then she got up. Put on her clothes and without saying another word, walked away from me.

The next day I got married. Michelle was there for the wedding and after that for the reception, but we never spoke. When I came back from my honeymoon, my friends told me she suddenly left town and no-one knew where she was.

I never saw her again.