 The plans were made for us to meet again, this time, alone! We wanted so badly to be together, alone, touching, kissing, exploring. The first meet we had was such a tease, making us both wanting and needing to be with one another. It has not even been a month and we need to see each other again.

I drove to our meeting place. Waiting there a little nervous, but so anxious. Waiting for you to arrive. I got out of the car and waited patiently. You finally pull up, 15 min early. I see you were as anxious as I was. I started to walk over to you and you got out and walked toward me. We greeted each other with such a warm passionate hug. It felt so good to feel your body against mine. A real hug, not a “friend” hug. We stayed there for a little while enjoying the moment. You slowly released me from your arms and lifted my chin. Looking deeply into my eyes your mouth found mine. Kissing me ever so gently, your lips sliding across mine. Slowly we open our mouths and our tongues began to dance together. Finally getting to taste each other’s kiss. We kissed for a long time, never growing tired of it. Again we found ourselves embracing, inhaling the other. This has been long awaited. 

You took my hand and we walked to your car. We drove up to the falls and parked. Before getting out you leaned toward me, kissing my neck, my cheek, and my lips. Our tongues twirling, faster and harder then before. I pulled you close to me, guiding your hands to my special spots. Your hands gently fondling my breasts, I moan out as your fingers pinch my nipples. We are so into each other, we could stay here forever.

You slide your seat back and get comfortable. Pulling me on top of you. I slowly straddle you in the seat, my knees on each side of you. My hot, little box gently sliding up and down your hardness. I lean over you and kiss you, gently at first, with each kiss getting harder and harder. My hands feeling your chest, I can feel your nipples getting hard through your shirt. My hands squeezing your breasts. I trace nipples with my finger. Gently running my nails over them. I lift your shirt, leaning back in and kissing your neck, sucking you, gently biting. I make my way to your chest, and find your nipples with my tongue. I lick your nipples, twirling my tongue around them, gently nibbling on them. 

My hands caress them, almost milking them, my fingertips running over your hard, wet nipples. I take your nipple in my mouth and I begin sucking it, harder and harder. My hips moving back and forth as I suck. Hearing you moan as I tease you. your hands grab my ass hard, pulling me down on your hard cock. I can feel you through our pants. Your hands fondling my ass harder and harder.

I take my shirt off and expose my breasts. My nipples almost bursting through my bra. I unhook my bra and unleash, my titties. I grab them, caressing them, my nipples getting harder with every touch. You take my hands away and fondle my breasts, kneading them running your fingers over my nipples. You slide my nipple in your mouth licking and sucking it. Then you take the other and do the same, as you caress the other. You pinch my nipples gently, then biting them, my moans getting louder and louder. I whisper "Steve, I have wanted you for so long" "I want you baby" Oh god yess!

I climb off you and take off my pants, as I do you feel my ass and make your way to my hot spot. Feeling my juice soaked panties, you moan loudly, and tell me "oh Sweetie, I want your sweet juice" "I need to taste you". Both of us moaning as we touch, I lay back in the seat and I offer my sweet nectar to you. "Taste me Steve" mmmm "taste my sweet, juicy pussy". My hands spreading my lips, my finger tracing my swollen clit. My pussy neatly trimmed, smooth in the sweet spot. My hips bucking gently.."cum on baby, taste me". You lower your head and lick my little slit.

Licking up to my fingers, sliding your tongue between them to lick my hard clit. My hands find the back of your head and pull you in closer, slowly. Letting you taste me, nibbling my soft flesh. Your tongue licking over my hole, twirling around it. devouring my sweetness. You penetrate me with your tongue, and I cry out.."OH YESS"! Pulling you deeper and harder. My hands on the back of your head, my hips bucking like wild as you tongue fuck me. You reach up and pinch my nipples. Squeezing my breasts... as your squeezing you slide two fingers inside my tight, wet pussy. I moan out with such pleasure in my voice.."oh my god Steve"! "fuck my tight little pussy baby"! 

You take your fingers from my burning oven, and you unbutton your pants, the head of your cock bursting to get out. You slide off your boxers, and pull me close to you. Kissing me, I can taste my sweetness as we kiss. I find your hard cock with my hand as we kiss so passionately, I start to stroke you. Squeezing your cock in my hand, sliding my hand back and forth, feeling your throbbing head in my hand. I reach down and caress your balls, and gently run my nails over them. 

Feeling them tighten. I kiss down your neck, to your chest and lick your nipples, my hand feeling your length. I gently bit your nipples as I do my grip gets tighter on your cock. My stroking gets faster and harder. You put your hands on the back of my head and push me down toward your throbbing cock. I look up at you, for a moment, lick my lips, smile and I go down on you. Licking your head first. Flicking and twirling my tongue over and around it. My hand stroking your cock as I play with your head. Rubbing your head across my lips, feeling your head throbbing against my lips. I can feel your hips beginning to buck. I slide your cock deep into my mouth, taking it further and further. I hear you moaning, louder with every inch I take inside my wet mouth. You whisper to me “Rachel, take it all baby” “swallow my big cock”. I try to obey and take you in as far as I can. My head bobbing up and down on your hardness. 

You start to fuck my mouth faster and faster. My hand stroking you as you fuck my sweet mouth. I can taste your precum, I swallow it as I wait for you to blow your load deep into my mouth. As you fuck my face you reach down and finger fuck my soaking wet pussy. Sliding in two fingers with ease, slide in a third, slamming my pussy hard. I am almost ready to have my first orgasm. As you pound my pussy with your fingers, you feel my body tense up, I start slowing down on sucking you, my pussy starts to throb, as I have your cock in my mouth I am moaning so loud as my pussy fucks your fingers, I say to you in a throaty moan.."Oh my god baby here I cum". I cum so hard all over your fingers. You see my juices flowing out of me.

You pull me up and have me straddle you, I lower my pussy over the head of your cock, sliding in slowly. I moan.."Steve you feel so good". My pussy swallows your stiff shaft and I feel you deep inside me. I hear you moan loudly telling me how you fantasized about being inside me. I respond. "mmmmm now it is for real baby" "let me make you feel my love for you". I move my hips slowly back and forth, feeling your cock penetrate me deeper. My lips holding you tight. I lift myself up and down on your cock, bouncing slowly, then more aggressive. You hold on to my ass and start to slam your cock deep inside me. Pumping my tight pussy hard. My titties bouncing as you slam me. I lean back and grab them and play with my titties. Licking my nipples, biting them, pinching them. Oh yesss! You feel my juices flowing over your balls, you start to pump faster. 

I tell you how bad I want you. "Steve, baby fuck me hard, I want your load deep inside me baby" "cum on baby, fuck my sweet pussy". You are fucking me like wild, harder and harder, Our breathing is out of control, our moans are so loud, grabbing each other hard never letting go. I feel you start to tense up, you’re almost there. I move my hips faster and faster in rhythm with your thrusts. "Take me Steve, blow that load deep". My breasts bouncing, my head thrown back, you watching as your cock disappears inside me. I am so close to another orgasm, I grind your cock harder. As I start to cum again, you tell me your there and with a few more pumps...I feel you explode deep inside me. 

Kissing each other hard as we cum. I can hear the ecstasy in your voice and your moans. You blow your load so deep inside me. I feel every squirt, milking every drop with my swollen pussy. You’re still pumping releasing all of your love inside me, we slow down, finally come to a stop. Exhausted, sweaty, and still in a passionate embrace. Your head resting on my breasts, listening to my heart racing.

I lift your head and I look at you, staring into your eyes, I tell you "I love you Steve". Then I kiss your mouth so tenderly. Almost making your heart explode. You then tell me. "I love you too sweetie, more than you know".

We stay there for a few minutes, then we clean up, and we go out to the falls. Never taking our hands of each other. We find a nice semi-secluded spot, sit down, straddling the bench, facing each other. We kiss for a little while and talk, explore each other’s body again. This time, slowly.....very slowly.