 Lisa sat in the recliner with her back to the hallway, watching television. It seemed like no matter what she couldn’t get her mind off of Joey. He’d been out of town for a week and wasn’t supposed to be home for another 4 days. The longer she sat there the more frustrated she got. She missed him.

She thought to herself ‘Humm a warm bath might help a little.’

After turning on the water and striping out of her clothes, the telephone rang. “Goddammit!” she shouted.

“Hello?” she fumed. The phone clicked and disconnected at the other end, She puffed and pouted for a minute before returning to the bathroom to take her bath. She put one foot into the warm water when the phone rang again.

“Hello!” she practically shouted.

“Humm, quite a greeting.” said Joey.

Lisa laughed and explained why she’d done it. “I was just trying to take a bath and everyone kept calling.”

All Joey said was “ Take a bath huh? Does that mean you’re naked?”

“Maybe, maybe not.” she flirted

“Too bad that’s not a definite yes.” he told her.

She asked “Oh, and why is that?”

“Well because I am. And it could get interesting if you were too. But if you’re not it will be ok, things don’t have to get interesting.” he tried to guilt trip her. “That is unless you want them too?”

Lisa blushed a little and told him she was naked and had been thinking about him all day. He said he’d been thinking of her all day long too and that he’d had a hard on for the past half hour. As soon as those words came out of his mouth she was instantly turned on.

“I’m thinking about your lips wrapped around my cock sucking on it.” he informed her.

“Mmm.” she said, “ Wish I was there, I would love to give you a blow job right this minute.”

She walked out of the bathroom, into their bedroom, and laid across the bed with her knees bent up and apart. Gripping the phone with one hand and listening to him Joey tell her what he wanted to do to her and what he wanted her to do. Her right hand traveled down to her nipple, pinching and rubbing it until it felt like it would explode.

“Rub your clit now, and think about my tongue on it.” he commanded,

She began to rub small circles around her tender clit and she could feel her pussy growing wetter and wetter. Lisa was whimpering and moaning with everything he told her. She put two fingers into her sopping pussy and fucked herself as best as she could. He told her he wanted to hear her loud when she came and to say his name. Finally, she put the phone against her shoulder and began rubbing her clit with the other hand, until she was aching to cum for him.

“Oh God Joey!” she half whispered as her juices flowed between her fingers and down her thigh.

“Did you cum already?” he asked her slightly astonished.

“Yes.” she panted, her eyes shut tightly.

He told her “Don’t stop rubbing your clit baby. Keep going.”

She continued to rub it. “Mmm.” she moaned. His voice started to crack and Lisa knew he was about to cum.

Her eyes closed again as she came in a burst. She moaned “I want you to fuck my pussy.” and with that sent him over the edge.

Laying there eyes closed, trembling, she took a deep breath just in time to hear him moan as his breath got heavy and he panted loudly.

Finally, he said “Thanks baby. I’ve needed that all day.”

After a brief giggle she said “Yeah me too.”

They said their good-byes and got off the phone. Back in the bathroom, Lisa stepped in the tub and finished her bath. After wards she fell asleep on the couch.

The following morning she woke up and thought about the night before, her pussy was still slippery and was all she could do not to touch herself. Throughout her day at work, she kept imagining Joey under her desk with his soft wet tongue buried in her hole. The hardest thing was listening to her clients. Some would just babble and babble about how their wife or husband was, and she would have to sit there with her soaking pussy and try not to look overly horny. A couple of times she’d considered going into the bathroom to play with herself. But what if someone came in? What if she couldn’t control a moan? She couldn’t have that.

During her lunch break, sitting in the restaurant with her friend Gabby, Lisa couldn’t sit still. She kept fidgeting about in her chair. Did Gabby know what was going on? It’s just that never in her life had she been so incredibly horny. She wondered how’d he’d done that to her.

Finally, she could go home and not have to worry about what people were thinking of her. She opened the door and rushed to the phone to see if he’d called, but he hadn’t. So she tried to call him, but he didn’t answer. By now it was almost unbearable, but she couldn’t do it alone. She would simply have to wait until she could get a hold on Joey on the phone. She sat there waiting, wondering if he’d been going to the same agony she had all day long. Would he have been able to go back to the hotel and not masturbate? Doubtful.

At last the phone rang. “Hello?” she said. It was him. The sound of his voice made her pussy instantly start pulsating.

“Hey what are you doing.” he asked.

She told him “Oh not much just had a really rough day.”

“I know exactly what you mean.” he smirked, “Why don’t you go lie down and play for me like you did last night?”

Lisa smiled and said “I’m on my way.” She pulled her skirt off and laid it on the dresser, worked out of her top and panties, and got on the bed, just as she had the night before.

“Now close your eyes and tell me exactly what you’re thinking about.” he told her.

She brushed her finger tips on her pussy lips, closed her eyes and said “I’m thinking about your mouth all over my pussy. And about your hard cock in my mouth, and I’m licking and sucking on it.”

Joey was quiet for a moment, just listening to her. “Is that what you want us to do?” he asked her.

“Uh huh.” she managed with her eyes still closed. Still massaging her pussy, her breath began to get heavy. Rubbing faster and faster, with him telling her how much her wanted to fuck her. Just when she was on the verge of cumming, she felt a warm wet tongue glide across her sensitive clit.

Automatically her eyes flew open to see Joey’s face buried in her dripping pussy. It felt so good she couldn’t even speak, instead she instantly came and begged for more.

“I thought you might like a little surprise.” he said

“Oh I loved it.” she whimpered.

As he came up to kiss her, he slid his cock into her and just held it there while he kissed her lips. She could taste the salty bitter cum on his tongue. A wicked smile came across his face, as he grabbed her ankles, pushing them up over her head. He pushed himself in deep and hard and pumped his cock in and out of her pussy. Lisa screamed “Joey!” three times, pausing between each trying to catch her breath. Her nails dug into his shoulders as she came again.

“Turn around and on your hands and knees.” he demanded.

She complied. He fucked her pussy from behind. She felt her cum rolling down her legs and he told her “Play with your clit while I fuck you.”

Lisa did so and it was more then she could take. She moaned loudly, came and almost collapsed to the bed. If not for him bracing her, she would have fallen.

“Oh God fuck me harder! Please!” she begged.

He did so until he was going to burst, pulled out and came on her ass. He stayed very still for a moment, then they collapsed together, breathlessly.

They lay there not saying a word, until Lisa moved down under the covers and began to play with his Joey’s dick. Licking it and sucking it, massaging his balls until he was rock hard again. He put his hands behind his head and enjoyed what she was doing to him. Bobbing her head up and down faster and faster, jacking him off as she did just that. She could feel that he was about to cum. He grunted and closed his eyes, as he shot his cum into her mouth. She swallowed it and laid down beside him.

“So what made you come home early?” she asked innocently.

“It’s been over a week.” He replied “You honestly think I would have lasted 4 more days.”

They laughed, kissed one more time, and went straight to sleep.