 Idly flipping through the TV channels, I can hear the water running. My husband's taking a quick shower before bed. There's a sliver of light coming from the partially open bathroom door. That and the flickering images on the television screen provide just enough light for me to see the numbers on the remote. Doesn't really matter. The generic hotel room décor is unremarkable in every way: serviceable but not much more than that.

We're both exhausted and just want to fall into bed. It's been a long day of driving, and my eyelids are starting to droop as the next program begins. I close my eyes to listen to the dialogue, when the unmistakable sounds of sex reach my ears. I'm tired, but I'm not that tired, and I lean closer in to the TV screen to watch the action.

Good Lord! It's two men! 

Now I'm not a prude and I didn't just fall off the turnip truck. I watch porn; I admit to a fondness for erotica. And I've seen girl-on-girl sex in porn. (And we all know that porn is primarily aimed at men. And we also know that some men turn into slobbering maniacs at the mere mention of two women together, bless their pervy little hearts.) Girl-on-girl action doesn't particularly ring my bell, but this... Two men making love is incredibly hot. The scene is riveting, and moisture begins to dampen the crotch of my panties.

The sound of the water being turned off barely registers. I know he'll be a few minutes shaving, and I find myself growing impatient for him to finish. Arousal is bubbling through me, and I undress quickly. I hope he's not too tired. That sex scene really pushed a few of my more feisty buttons. 

"Hey, when are you coming to bed?"

"I'm almost finished. Anything good on TV?"

Oh, honey. You have no idea. 

I look over when the bathroom light clicks off. He walks over to the bed, wearing only a towel wrapped around his waist. His hair is wet and uncombed. There are still droplets of water dotting his shoulders. We've been married a long time, and I am as familiar with his body as I am my own. And I can't wait for that towel to come off.

He grins when he sees that I am waiting under the covers, warm and naked. The towel drops to the floor. He climbs in bed, and immediately pulls me against his body. I bury my nose in his chest hair just because I love the scent of soap and man. My arms come up to encircle his neck and I raise my face for a kiss.

The kiss starts out sweet and gentle, but as the images of two men together flash through my mind, the she-cat inside me suddenly slips her leash. I push him onto his back and climb astride his body. The softest part of me settles over his erection and I rub myself insistently against him. I want to absorb him into my body, into my very soul. The temptation to brand is too great, and I bite the sensitive spot where his neck joins his shoulder. A bite that will leave a mark. 

He gasps and pulls me down to his chest. Taking my head in both strong hands, he covers my mouth with his. His tongue thrusts deep, ravaging my mouth. He tries to reverse our positions, but tonight I don't want to be taken. I want to take. If I had a strap-on, I swear I would use it, and he'd be begging for it before the night was over.

I tighten my knees against his hips and hold his shoulders to the mattress with a fierceness that doesn't show itself very often. I feel nearly out of control. I don't want sweet lovemaking tonight. I want to impale myself on his cock and give him the ride of his life.

"It's my turn tonight, baby. Give it to me, give me that cock, or I'll take it!" I growl softly in his ear.

"Go for it. I love it when you're wild. You want my cock? You fucking take it then, like the slut you are!" He's never spoken to me like that, and I love it. I'll take the time to ponder it later. Right now, the need to feel his hardness inside me is the only thing I can think about.

I slide myself down until his cock is poised at the wet swollen lips of my pussy. I tilt my hips to the perfect angle, and swallow his hardness in one smooth push. I gasp at the slight pain, and the overwhelming pleasure. I throw my head back and push myself up so I'm on display for him. The motion has the added benefit of pressing the head of his hard cock against that sweet spot that drives me crazy. 

Tonight the shy quiet wife is locked away. I feel powerful and sexy, and I intend to use him for my pleasure.

Our eyes meet, and I see the lust he has for me. It turns me on even more and my hips rock back and forth in a rapidly increasing cadence. I slowly raise my arms and remove the clip that's held my hair up. The curls fall around my shoulders and down my back. I watch his eyes follow my movements, as I run my hands through my hair. I'm so glad he asked me to keep it long. It feels so good sliding down my back.

I lean forward and brace my hands on his shoulders. The muscles in my thighs work to raise my hips up until only the head of his cock remains buried in me. I slide back down, enjoying the friction and the fullness. Again and again, I rise up and slide down, always hitting that sweet spot. He groans softly, and I feel his hands grasp my hips tightly and pull me down more fully on his body. That only adds to the sensation, and a whimpering cry escapes my lips. 

"Oh God, yes! Fuck, yes! I want it hard and fast!" I can barely get the words out.

"I'm going to be so deep inside you, you'll feel my cock for a fucking week!"

He makes me laugh, a joyous expression of the passion we're sharing. I sit back up and run my hands over my breasts and belly, down and then up. I squeeze my breasts tightly, and pinch the nipples. The slight pain travels down my body and explodes in my belly.

I am nearly mindless now, concerned only with finding my climax. I am only dimly aware of his moans and his words of encouragement.

"Touch yourself, baby! Do it!" 

His roughly muttered words only serve to inflame me further. I've never put myself on display like this before, never touched myself or pleasured myself in front of him. But tonight I am not me. Tonight I am totally sensual, completely, unselfconsciously sexual.

I slide both hands down to where we're joined. I can feel wetness, his and mine, covering his lower belly. I feel how tightly I'm stretched around his cock. I feel both of us thrusting. When it hits, the climax is going to be mind-blowing. Part of me wants to hold this moment in suspended animation forever. It feels so good. I never want it to end. But, the part of me that's in control is insistent and refuses to be denied. I want to come. I need to come.

My fingers explore my pussy. They become slick with my arousal, and I begin stroking my distended clit. Oh, God! I'm on fire! Flames of sensation are licking at my body, radiating outward from the very center of me. Over and over, I stroke and pinch softly. 

In the next moment, his fingers join mine, and we both play with my clit, rubbing in tandem. His clever fingers are well acquainted with my body. He knows the pressure and the speed I need to drive me over the edge. So close, oh so close...

I cry out helplessly, and suddenly it's all too much. As my climax begins, I rock uncontrollably and throw my head back. My spine arches as every muscle contracts. The pleasure is blinding.

He rears up and strong arms bind me to his body. He continues a devastating rhythm of thrusting. His mouth comes down on my exposed neck. I feel him bite and suck, and a second orgasm slams into me. This time he joins me, and we both cry out together. I can feel his semen jetting into me. I feel like I've been hit by a tidal wave.

We both sink back into the softness of the bedclothes. The room is silent, save for the sounds of heavy breathing and the low volume of the television. My body begins to relax and he pulls me close to nestle into his side. I kiss his chest and lay my head over my kiss to hold it in. He idly strokes my hair, gently working out the tangles. Our thoughts are separate but we bask in the intimate warmth of each other's company.

"So, what were you watching on TV while I was in the shower?"

I begin laughing softly.