 When John went to the topless bar after work that day, all he had on his mind was having a couple of cold beers and looking at the pretty ladies.

He stopped his apartment first to shower and change clothes. As he worked putting hot tar on roofs, he doubted that showing up at the club reeking of sweat and hot tar would make him very popular.

At 28 years old, John was fresh out of the army and living clear across country from his family. Not that he had anything against his family, but army life had given him a taste for travel and independence.

Leaving his work truck at home, he got on his motorcycle and rode it to the club across town.
At the door, the bouncer greeted him by name. Just inside, John stepped sideways so as not to block the doorway while he let his eyes adjust to the much lower light level inside.

The bar was moderately busy, with about twenty men scattered among the tables, 3 or 4 at the bar, and the usual dozen or so sitting in 'pervert's row', the seats next to the stage itself. John threaded his way to his usual table, not too close to the stage, but close enough to see the dancers clearly.

“Hey John, How ya doin' today?" said the waitress as she lifted her little note pad. “What'll it be? The usual?"
John grinned up at her. 

“Hi Sheila, sure, bring me my usual. I rode my bike tonight, so switch me to cokes after the first two." 

“You got it hon." she said and headed off to the bar. John greeted and was greeted by several of the dancers and waitresses as they passed by. He was a welcome customer, and most of the staff liked him. He was always pleasant, tipped well, and never ever got grabby.

“Any new girls tonight?" he asked Sheila when she brought his beer."

“Only two." she said. “Cindy’s a bottle blonde with plastic tits. Susy is a natural blonde with cupcake tits."

“When are you going to break down and give me a lap dance?" John teased. 

Sheila rolled her eyes in mock exasperation. “When my husband goes to Mars for the weekend." John laughed along with her. Sheila wasn't married and she knew that he knew it. She never minded John's harmless flirtations. He gave her a $5 for the beer and told her to keep the change.

The DJ was calling out the name of the next dancer, Kimberly. John had seen her dance before. A slender brunette, with a passably pretty face, but with the personality of a cobra.

Letting his attention drift away from the stage, He spotted a dancer he knew and liked.

 “Hey Star! How about a lap dance next set?" She veered off the course she had been setting for the bar and dropped into a chair next to him. 

“Hey John." she said. “How about set after next? I really have to use the little girls room. But I'll come back and sit with you until then."

“Sure." he said. “You are always worth waiting on." She stood and patted him on the head. 

“Good boy." she giggled. John watched her backside as she wriggled off. Nice kid he thought. He raised his hand and caught Sheila's eye. She came over to see what he wanted, much to the annoyance of the drunk who had been trying vainly to make a coherent request for another beer.

As Sheila got to John's table, the drunk made it to his feet and reeled to the door and outside.
John watched him go with a bemused look on his face. 
“Don't let me ever get that sloppy huh?" he said almost to himself.

“If you ever get that bad, I'll brain ya my own self." Sheila assured him. He looked up at her and grinned widely. 

“Sheila me lass, I have a special request for ye." She winced at his terrible attempt at an Irish accent. 

“And what would that be?" she replied. With most customers she would have told them to get bent already. But John was safe enough. 

“If I give you $30, do you think you could find someone to trot next door to the Mickey D's and get a couple of Big Mac's and a couple of large fries?" He gave her a sweet smile that had always worked wonders with his grandma, but that usually produced laughter in anyone else.

Sheila glanced at her watch. “I'm going on break in a minute here. So I'll just do it myself."
John dug into his jeans and handed her the money. 

“I really appreciate this Sheila,” he said. 

“If ya didn't, I wouldn't be doing it," she said pertly. John watched her leave, then turned his attention back to the stage as the new Cindy came out. Pretty enough but looked bored and tired. He turned back around when Star came back from the bathroom. 

“The usual 3 for 30?" she asked, meaning 3 songs for $30. 

“Yep." he said

She squinted up at the girl on the stage. 

“Whaddya think?" she nodded toward the stage.
John grimaced. 

“Pretty, but I don't think she'd be anyone I'd ask to sit down and talk" Star leaned over and whispered in his ear. 

“She's a real bitch. Been here two days and thinks she's the goddamn queen."
That was enough confirmation for John. Star was the kind of girl who could find the good in anybody and never said anything bad about anyone. If SHE was this pissed at the new girl, he was going to stay well away.

“What about the other new girl?" he asked quietly. 

“Oh, she's a real doll,” said Star.

The DJ announced the next girl to the stage, the other new one. But he was paying attention to Star. She stood and untied her top when the music began. Star was short, about 4'11", but she had a tiny waist and her tits were proportionately large for her frame, and all natural, as she would proudly proclaim if asked.

John watched her writhe and turn to the music, keeping her fingers away from her nipples as required by local law, but cheating just a bit to bend over and “Accidentally" brush the stiff pink tips of her breasts across John's shoulder or cheek. John kept his hands in his lap and just enjoyed the view and occasional contact.

As she danced, Star debated going out with John. He was sweet enough, and always a perfect gentleman. Almost all of the girls who worked at the club liked him, except for Kimberly, and she was a bitch anyway. She bent over and wriggled her butt at him for a moment. She made up her mind. If he ever asked her out, she'd go. And if he waited too long, she would ask HIM.

As she danced, John noticed subtle changes in her body language. If he didn't know better, he would have sworn she was dancing for her boyfriend.

At the end of the third song, Star sat back down. She was breathing hard and lightly perspiring to boot.

“I'll just rest a moment if you don't mind." she said as she re-tied her bikini top. “Glad to have you." he said gallantly.

Just then, Sheila dumped a couple of bags on the table in front of him. 

“Here ya go." she said. I'll send Connie over with a coke for you." 

“Make it two cokes please." he replied. “And thanks again Sheila. I owe you one." Sheila patted him on the shoulder. 

“Anytime John." 

John unloaded the bags, putting a sandwich and box of fries in front of Star.

 “I thought you might be a little hungry tonight."

Normally, she wouldn't have touched food a customer gave her with a 10-foot pole. But this was John, and she had seen Sheila deliver the food herself. She picked up a French fry and took a nibble. Before she knew it, she was finishing off the Big Mac and had eaten all of her fries and half of his as well. She finished the coke in front of her, and then let out a ladylike belch. “Scuse me" she said with a blush.

“Someday, I'd like to take you out for a real dinner." John said with a smile.

John almost fell out of his chair when Star smiled brightly and said. 

“Sure! When?"

John's mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water for a moment while Star giggled at the sight. “Friday night at 7?" Star winked and got up. 

“I have to get back to work," she said, “But Friday at 7 sounds great."

Sheila came over with a fresh coke and cleared the wrappings from the table. 

“What's up?" she asked, “You looked like someone slapped you in the face with a wet fish."
John shook his head to clear it. 

“Either I'm dreaming or I've just had luckiest evening of my life." About then Star came by again and dropped a piece of paper on the table

“Here's my phone number and address." she said, and then headed for the stage as the DJ announced her set. 

“I'd say you were dead lucky," Sheila quipped. John blushed and stammered something. Sheila patted him on the head fondly. “You be good to her now, you hear?" John nodded weakly.

He was still sorting things out when he heard a strangely familiar voice just behind his left shoulder. 

“How about a table dance?"

“Uh, Yeah, OK, Sure." he said distractedly. The music started and the dancer moved in front of him, dropping her top on the table.

John looked up and paused for a moment, gazing at a pair of small but firm and perky tits. Then he let his gaze go up further and his jaw dropped. 

“So when did you start dancing topless?" he asked after a moment.

The dancer looked down at his face for the first time and froze.

“Oh shit." she moaned. Then her eyes rolled back in her head and she fainted.
John caught her before she hit the floor and gently lowered her the rest of the way. Big Jim
The bouncer was at his side a moment later. 

“What the fuck is going on here?" he demanded. John looked up at him and shrugged, 

“You aren’t gonna believe this." he said. Sheila came running over and knelt by the dancer on the floor. 

“What happened?" John sat back down in his chair. He put his elbows on the table and put his head down on his hands. 

“Her real name is Tami, and she's my younger sister." 

“Yer shittin' me" said Big Jim in an awed voice. 

“No wonder she freaked." Sheila patted Tami's cheeks until the girl started coming to. “Are you OK Hun?" she asked.

Tami/Susy sat up woozily. 

“I'm OK," she said after a moment. “For a moment there I thought I was about to give a table dance to my big brother Johnny." 

“You were." said John. Tami sat up the rest of the way and looked past Sheila's shoulder. 

“Oh crapola." said Tami resignedly. Big Jim started laughing. He clapped John on the shoulder with a hand like a shovel, almost knocking him to the floor. 

“I can see the family resemblance." he managed to say between guffaws. Sheila patted Tami on the shoulder and tried to control her own laughter. John's shoulders were shaking and he kept his face buried in his hands. 

“Why are you crying?" Tami asked crossly, “You weren't the one naked here." John raised his head and let his laughter roar. 

“Oh, wait until Mom hears about this one."

Tami scrambled to her feet and grabbed her brother by the front of his shirt, 

“If you say one word about this, EVER, I am gonna rip you a new one big brother." John looked over at Sheila, 

“Now you know why I left home." Tami stomped her foot, forgetting how she was dressed, or undressed. John cracked up again. 

“Nice jugs sis, I can actually see them without a magnifying glass." Tami crossed her arms over her chest and poked her tongue out at him, turned and fled back to the dressing room. Sheila followed her at a much slower pace. Big Jim wandered off still chuckling and shaking his head.
John flagged down another waitress, 

“Jenny, bring me a double shot of tequila and a beer." he handed her a $5 bill. Jenny gave him a sassy wink and went to get his drinks. She was dying of curiosity, but knew she would get the whole story from Sheila later.

Star finished her set and came over to John's table. 

“What was that all about?"

“I'll tell ya later,” he said with a sigh. “Let's just say that family reunions ain't all they're cracked up to be."
“As long as you're OK then." she said and stood up. “I have to get back to work."

“Have fun Star, and remember Friday." She glanced around to see if anyone was looking, then kissed him quickly on the lips. 

“Bye." she said as she scampered off. John drank the tequila in one gulp, and then finished the beer more slowly. Sheila came over and plopped down in the chair next to him. 

“Quite a day huh?" 

“You ain't just a woofin'" John answered. “How is Tami doing?" Sheila grimaced, 

“She's alternating between mortal embarrassment and wanting to tear your head off and shit down the stump."

John was looking over at where Star was smiling as she gave a table dance to a group of guys
in suits. 

“Oh well," he said philosophically, “I had wondered what my sis would do when she grew
up. She was always a wild one."

“When was the last time you saw her? Before today I mean." John signaled Jenny to bring him another beer. 

“Last time I saw her, Tami was 11 and I was getting on the bus to go to boot camp. About 9 years or so ago." Jenny brought him another beer and collected the money. John fished the keys for his bike out of his pocket and gave them to Sheila. 

“I think I'm gonna take a cab home tonight." he said. “Tell sis I said I'm sorry for freaking her out like that." He stood up and patted Sheila on the shoulder. “And thank you for keeping an eye on her." Sheila stuck his keys in her pocket. 

“I'll have Big Jim park the bike inside by the door when we lock up tonight." she promised.
At the bouncer’s booth by the door, Big Jim called a taxi for John. 

“Good move not driving after all this shit coming down,” said the bouncer.
John just nodded wearily. Star came over and threw her arms around John's neck and kissed him full on the lips. 

“Something to remember me by until Friday." she said. Go for it, John figured, he picked her up and kissed her deeply, giving his full attention to the kiss. 

“Just so YOU don't forget Friday,” he said as she caught her breath. She patted him on the chest, and then went back through the curtains and back to work.

“You are one lucky S.O.B.,” said Big Jim enviously.

“Believe me, I know." John replied. He saw the cab pulling into the parking lot and went out to meet it.

HE picked up his bike the next day on his lunch break just as the club was getting ready to open for the day. Big Jim handed over the keys. 

“So, are you still gonna be coming around now that your sister dances here?"

“Sure I am" replied John. “I just won't have her do any more table dances for me." Big Jim roared with laughter.

When Friday came around, John was nervous, but ready in plenty of time. He even bought a car so that Star wouldn't have to ride on the bike or in his smelly old work truck.

He found her address and parked across the street. He checked his watch for the twentieth time that afternoon. He was a few minutes early, so he leaned against the car and waited until his watch said 6:59. He tossed his cigarette away and walked up to her apartment. Star answered the door right away. 

“Simply amazing." he said as he gazed at her. Then he shook himself and handed her a dozen roses. “For you my dear."

“Oh they're lovely!" she exclaimed. She carried the flowers inside and put them in a vase. “Where are we going tonight?" she asked.

“I made reservations at Caruso's. Then, if you are still speaking to me, I'm going to take you to the Comedy club."

“Sounds good to me,” she said. She stretched up on tiptoe to give him a kiss. “All ready to go." she announced.

John held his arm for her to take and guided her down to the car. Her ankle length green dress set her hair and eyes off perfectly. John felt a little under dressed in his only suit, but too late to worry about that now.

He held the car door for her, then went around to the driver’s side and got in.

 “Buckle up,” he said as he started the car.

John pulled up in front of Star's apartment complex a little after midnight. It had been a great night as far as he was concerned, and since Star was snuggled up to him with a happy smile on her face, he figured that she had enjoyed the night as well.

“We're here." he said. 

“I'm in no hurry if you're not." she said and nestled closer to him. John slid his arm around her and rested his chin on the top of her head. On a sudden whim, he started spouting an impromptu rhyme. 

“In the wee hours of the morning, Sitting safe and warm, A little piece of heaven, Nestled in my arm." Star giggled, 

“Poetry too. Any other talents I should know about?"

“You'll find out when we have our next date." he replied. Star twisted in his arms so that she was facing more or less toward him and pulled his head down for a kiss. After a long while of kisses, caresses, sighs and gasps, Star pulled herself together with an effort. 

“The front seat is too small for this."

“And the time isn't right." said John regretfully.

HE got out and opened the door for her. He took her hand and helped her to her feet, then kept her hand in his as he walked her up to her door. She unlocked her door, then turned back to her date. She put her arms around his neck and laid her head on his shoulder. 

“Thank you for tonight." she said “I had almost forgotten what a real date was like." John gave her a gentle squeeze. 

“Get some rest, and give me a call later. Let me know when you're free to go out again." Star kissed him again, then opened the apartment door. 

“I'll call you tonight" she said. “Or come by the club." 

“Will do." he replied. John waited until her door was closed and he heard the lock click. He drove home feeling like he was floating.

Star twirled around in the middle of the living room with her arms outstretched. Her roommate 
Was sitting on the couch watching her with a grin. 
“So I take it the date went well?" 

“MMMM HMMM!” went Star. She danced her way into the bathroom and closed the door. Her roommate just went on into her bedroom and went to bed. Star didn't fall asleep until well after dawn. She could hardly wait to see or hear from John again.

John dropped by the club the next day and went up to Big Jim. 

“Hey bro," he said, “I need a favor if you would. I have to take a run up to Phoenix today for my boss. Could you give this to Star for me?" He handed the bouncer a small gift-wrapped box.

“What's in it?" asked Big Jim as he hefted the box in his huge hand, “Is she gonna be happy or pissed?"

“Happy I hope." replied John with a grin. “She told me on our date that she liked George Carlin, so I bought her a CD of his and put it in there with a stuffed purple star." Big Jim snorted. 

“Kinda corny ain't it?"

“Well, yeah," admitted John, “But I figure it's better to keep things light at first. I really don't want to screw this one up." The bouncer nodded and patted him on the shoulder. 

“Cool. I got your back bro." John left on his trip.

Big Jim took the box and left one of the other bouncers to cover the door. 

“Take over here Bob. I have to get this to Star." He found Star back in the dressing room getting into her next costume. 

“Hey girl, I got something' here for ya. Some strange looking' dude dropped it off." Curious, Star took the box and turned it over and over, looking in vain for a note or a tag.

“I bet it's from John!" she said, suddenly excited. She tore the wrapping off and opened the box. She pulled out the purple star first and examined it closely with many small glad cries. Then she pulled out the CD and really went nuts. Jim just stood there vastly amused and watched her antics. 

“He'll probably be by tonight or tomorrow." Big Jim told Star. “I think he just might like you for some unknown reason." Star bonked him on the head with her stuffed toy and grinned.

Tami watched the whole scene from where she perched on a stool a few feet away. 

“I didn't know my brother was such a romantic,” she said. “The last time I saw him at home, he put a lizard down my back." Star laughed. 

“Yeah, but I have something you don't got." 

“And what's that?" Tami wanted to know. Star turned her hip toward the other girl and patted her butt. 

“He can have a piece of this." then she reached out and patted Tami's butt. “But he don't get none of that." Tami was taking a drink when Star said that. She choked and sprayed Pepsi all over Big Jim. 
