 It was just the two of them, the room filled with the murky atmosphere of sex between them. 

Brett paced the room, almost as if he were inhaling it. Sarah watched as he circled the dimly lit motel room, rapt by the heat beginning to rise within her. He stopped and looked at her, his eyes fixed upon hers.

Those mesmerizing eyes... 

He came closer to her, holding her eyes with that sharp hard gaze that saw absolutely everything.

It was frightening to have someone see into your eyes that way, to see into your soul, to gauge everything about you—

"I can't do this," she said abruptly rising from the comforts of the sofa, on which she had been sitting. 

"We aren't finished here Sarah."

"We have never even started Brett."

"I beg to differ- we started when we both logged onto that computer and made each other promises, but you were nowhere near ready for the steps you where thinking about taking. You are ready now, but you don't know what you want..."

"And you know what I want?" She asked, standing hands on hips.

"Indeed."

She blushed at the certainty in his voice.

"Don't try to deny it, Sarah. You are naked underneath your clothes and are searching for the one who will give you pleasure. You know that person is me."

Sarah froze; he had read her thoughts perfectly.

"We are all naked underneath our clothes Brett," she replied, playing coy.

"But you especially, the wild woman inside you is hungry for sensation..."

He was right...he was always so damned right...She was aching for sensation, for experience. Why was she now playing coy when she had thought about him endlessly?

...Because she didn't want him to know so much about her and how she craved for him...how her whole body ached for his touch.

...Because she didn't know what she wanted as she stood facing him and his all-knowing eyes...

"I will be your lover." A matter of fact statement.

Her heart began pounding wildly.

She wanted him, wanted it to be the first time ever, as if he were Adam and she were Eve.

"But..."

"It's as simple as this- when you enter this room to be with me you are no longer Sarah...you are...you are a wild woman, the one with the bright green eyes and the insatiable appetite to experience everything..."

She caught her breath, mesmerized by his words.

"In this room you can be anything you want..."

She felt his hands on his shoulders, burning through the illusion net.

"Such a 'safe' outfit, Sarah..." he slid his hands down her chest toward her breasts, "I want to discover what lies beneath this frumpy outfit." He cupped them and she thought she would melt at the feeling of him touching her like that.

He moved his thumbs across the front of her white button down shirt, and immediately felt the jut of her hard nipples over the edge of the corset she wore underneath.

She made a small protesting surrendering sound at the back of her throat as he stroked her protruding nipples.

"Brett..." she could barely breathe his name, she was so overwhelmed that just his light touch of her breasts made her feel.

"Let it go," he whispered into her ear, "Be fearless in seeking sensation, you can give your body to any man but you have found the man you want---and I want you..."

She could feel it- that hard hot essence of him—She could feel him throbbing and pushing against her, she would strip off her clothes and give herself to him in that instant; she would live naked if she could have him anytime she wanted him—

...In that room...

He cupped her chin and tilted her face back toward him.

"Kiss me," And he covered her mouth at that slightly awkward angle, invaded it, conquered it, all the while lightly squeezing her hard hot nipple through her shirt. 

"Your mouth is so hot," he whispered.

"Your kisses are like honey," she replied, "Kiss me."

He settled his mouth on hers again, thrusting his tongue against hers with a restrained violence that thrilled her, and she dueled back forcefully, hotly, drowning in the wet heat of his kisses, her body liquefying with mounting excitement as he played with her. 

He pulled away from her lips slowly. "Strip for me."

She lifted her head arrogantly, toying with him. "You make the effort of finding the treasure." 

And he did—he took both hands and placed them on either side of the shirt and tore it open, revealing a pink corset underneath.

And then both of his hands closed over her naked breasts, over the support of her silk corset, and he began rubbing his palms against her nipples.

She pulled her mouth away and arching her body into his hands, she reached behind her and slid down the zipper to her camel colored suede skirt, which slid to her feet. She undulated her hips, rubbing against his hips and felt his erection pulsating through his clothes.

"That feels good," he whispered into her ear, slowly slipping her pink thong down off her hips.

"I know," she whispered back coyly, "It feels good to me too."

"I want to see you. Walk around the room for me."

"I want to see you too...but I don't want to move."

"I know how you can see me and please at the same time."

"That's very enticing," She gyrated tightly against him again, just to feel it again, "Why don't you tempt me again?"

"I don't want to stop fondling your nipples."

His fingers were like magic on her nipples; her body moved like liquid against him, and she made low, growling, incoherent noises with each telling caress until she thought she would explode from the feeling building up inside of her.

"I think you should let me look at you now."

She licked her lips. "I think so too," she said and moved away from his seductive hands and strutted her way across the floor, swinging her hips, showing off her firm round ass, and concealing, for the moment, her taut bulbous nipples.

"Are you ready for me?"

"I'm primed for you. I have been since we first started planning this escape. Remember that first talk on the computer? I'm waiting for you Sarah, whenever you choose to get here," he growled and she turned, saw him sprawled on the couch, naked and hard.

"I'm coming..."

"You will—"

She walked toward him, her body encased in that flimsy silk corset which thrust her large breasts out, her body tanned, naked and hairless. 

"Do you like what you see?"

"I do. Do you?"

"I like it a lot better when I can fondle you."

Sarah moved a few steps closer, and then spreading her legs, she crouched down to get a better view of him. Taunting him.

"Get over here. I can't take much more."

"Take me," she whispered and he leaned over, far over, and grasped her forearm and pulled her into his lap.

"Straddle my legs. Yes, just like that. Now you are right where I want you," he murmured as he ran his hands over her naked thighs.

"Maybe I'm just where I want to be," she whispered, rubbing her hands up and down the hard length of him.

He took her nipple into his mouth and at the same time squeezed the other. She almost wrung the life out of him as she constricted her hands around the rigid tip of him, her body writhing with shimmering pleasure.

"Your nipples are luscious..."

"I..."

"Sarah..." His hands were on her thighs easing her up, positioning her, centering her, and the pushing her down.

...down, down onto that gorgeous male root of him...oooo-better than I could have imagined- ahhh.... bigger than I could have thought.....deeper....I can feel him all the way inside....I don't want to ever move again...

"I want you like this all the time. Meet me here whenever I want you."

"How often will that be? Once a month? Once a year...?"

"Every damn hour, Sarah," he whispered roughly and took her mouth in a scorching kiss. "I know you want it too."

She wiggled against him, feeling his full thickness possessing her. "You know I want it."

"How do you want it?"

She took his lower lip between her teeth and whispered, "I want it rock hard and hot and waiting for me."

"Promise you'll meet me when I want you."

"How will I know?"

"I will get you a message, and I will be waiting for you here."

"And if I don't come?"

"If you want to play coy games, then you won't come..."

She made a little sound in the back of her throat as she settled herself tighter against his hips.

"But if I you want it, like you do tonight..." He thrust upward so that he pressed even more forcefully between her thighs, "...you'll meet me whenever I want you."

She rocked her hips against him, and bent forward to rim his lips with her tongue. His tongue slipped out to meet it and he took control of the kiss and the rhythm of her body.

"Promise you'll come..."

She moaned. "I want...I'll come...one thing..."

"Tell me...tell me what else you could possibly want..." He thrust again, "What more than this...tell me..." and again, and again, until she was wild with his pounding, grinding possession of her.

"I don't care what you want...Promise..."

Her body promised; her body twiched and plunged, riding him furiously, meeting his every thrust with her hips writhing and seeking more of his hard surging heat.

"Promise..." As his rhythm began to quicken into short driving thrusts. "Whenever I want..." Like a piston, pumping, pumping, pumping, mastering her, pleasuring her- feeding on her rhythmic moaning, driving her to completion.

And when she came, it was soft, it unfurled, and then it exploded into a thousand drops of heat that sizzled all over her body and melted into his as he pushed one more time and climaxed in a volcanic spending that left his body limp.

And then there was the silence of repletion. He motioned for her not to move, and he shifted his body so that she could lie prone and he could still remain within her.

She could lay face to face with him against the back of the couch, her legs wrapped around him, enjoying the sensation of his hands roaming her body.

Already she could feel him stiffening again as he began probing more intimate places and she shifted her leg and braced it against his muscular thigh so that she could feel wherever he wanted.

"You haven't promised yet." A whisper against her lips.

"What if I want you?" She whispered back.

His blue eyes flickered, "You have me."

"Same message?"

"Whenever you want it Sarah."

"I know what I want," she whispered; he was getting harder and harder inside of her and she adored the feeling of him elongating and filling her so thoroughly and completely.

"Then promise."

She felt him spurt again.

"Every time..."

Harder and harder.

"I want you naked. I want to look at you and I want to know that nakedness is mine."

Like a rock...

"You will always be naked when you summon me here."

Like granite...

"I want you naked and ready for me when I come."

Bone hard and so deep inside she felt as if she could just close herself around him forever.

"And you'll come whenever I summon you." A whisper.

"I will come." A breath.

"You love it." He pressed against her.

"You're thick and hard...and I love that..." Still a whisper. "Kiss me Brett."

"Sarah," he muttered and leaned into her willing mouth and tongue. "You're so tight and hot and wet, just like you should be. God I want you..."

His mouth descended again and he punished her with the ferocity of his kiss.

"You have me," she whispered when he pulled away/

"You excite me," He licked her lips and kissed her again.

"You arouse me. Your nakedness arouses me. You are so hot and hard inside of me..."

She could have sworn he got harder.

He rocked against her. "Sarah," he groaned and consumed her mouth in a long hard wet kiss as he continued his rhythm against her.

She didn't want him to thrust; she wanted this exquisitely sensual coupling of their bodies, hip to hip, mouth to mouth, fully joined and united as one.

"If we never move, I will never have to summon you."

"You feel so good...don't ever move..."

"How do I feel?"

"God-like iron." Another spurt. "Powerful." A tightening inside her. "Deliciously naked..." Another spurt. "Perfect..."

He reared back and thrust into her and she felt an uncoiling of sensation, like a slide of satin- rich, creamy, luscious...

"Perfect..." she sighed.

...Sumptuous and exquisite- on thrust, and then another- in a slow rhythmic cadence that left her breathless...and feeling as is she would dissolve with the next push...

.... And she did...she purely did- her whole body just liquefied into a torrent of feeling the flew over her body like molten gold, hot glittering, gorgeous, and pooling at the very center of her being.

She shuddered violently and grasped his arms as he dove into her one last tine and catapulted into a wrenching, wracking release that exhausted every muscle in his body.

And then silence again, and his mouth touching hers lightly until after a long while he could finally speak.

"Promise me Sarah."

"Promise me Brett."

"Whenever you want- whenever you want..."

"I promise..." she whispered, "I promise I'll come..."

.:To Be Continued:.