 It was 1:30am Sunday morning and I was bored. I'd been out for a drink with some friends but was now home and not at all sleepy. I'd tried watching TV, zapping through channels without finding anything remotely interesting. I'd tried reading a book but my restless mind couldn't focus.

I knew why I was restless and the realization shocked me...it was the weekend and I hadn't seen my girlfriend!!! We had been dating for about a month and this was the first time we had not spent the Saturday evening together. Tonight though she was working a night shift and I was surprised to find that I was missing her company!

Of course we'd been texting all evening during periods when she wasn't too busy. Flirtatious messages mostly, that were only increasing my feelings of restlessness and frustration! My friends had teased me mercilessly when they realized that I was sharing our lads evening with my absent girlfriend. I had bashfully rejected their claims that I was smitten with her....that I was in luuuurvvve, as my mate Dave put it! Privately though, I had to admit that whilst love was putting it a bit too strong, I was definitely finding that my thoughts, both romantic and raunchy, were with Suzy constantly!!

I lounged on my sofa reflecting on our few weeks together so far, while Sky Sports' eternal repetition of the day's sports headlines played on in the background, unwatched yet unremitting. We'd met in a bar. I was with my friends and she was with her work colleagues. My mate Justin was crashing and burning spectacularly with a young colleague of Suzy's. 

This was a regular feature of my Friday night entertainment, back when I was single! Justin is a nice guy, but loud, brash and significantly plainer looking and less attractive than his over-confident mind would ever accept. Consequently the sight of this middling thirty-something rather hopelessly chasing the skirt of attractive, out of his league, usually much younger, women was a usual consequence of any alcohol-fuelled evening. The variety of manners in which he succeeded in failing, never ceased to amaze and amuse the rest of us though, and often resulted in breaking the ice with other groups of drinkers in whichever bar we had landed in that night.

That night, Justin's spectacular inadequacy had resulted in my meeting Suzy. We were both easily the shyest members of our respective packs, so the ice between the groups was not so much as broken as melting in a puddle before the two of us had plucked up the courage to transfer timid glances into stuttering remarks and eventually relaxed and even spirited conversation.

The evening had come to quite an abrupt end when Geoff, always the least able to hold his drink, was beginning to make a nuisance of himself by attempting to dance with the pretty young bar staff as they collected empty glasses. I was the designated driver for the evening, so when it was time for him to leave, I had to leave also. 

I thanked Suzy for a lovely evening, to which she blushed very cutely and said something in reply that I didn't hear. I took a big breath and hurriedly asked her if she'd like to go out sometime. She didn't hear or didn't understand what I had said, so I repeated it louder and more slowly...just as the music quietened dramatically...broadcasting my loud invitation to the whole bar to my acute embarrassment! I recall the look of shock on Suzy's face, before she regained her composure and accepted my invitation with agonizingly shy cuteness! My friends, never slow to capitalize on an embarrassing moment roared their approval of my 'scoring'! All I could do was usher a blushing Suzy to a slightly less public corner, apologize for my infantile friends, and obtain her number. 

A few weeks later and here I am unable to function on a Saturday night without thinking about her!

My phone buzzed as an SMS was received and I snatched it up eagerly. It was from Suzy, as I'd hoped! 



She'd mentioned earlier that it was really hot in the lab where she performs quality assurance tests of her company's food products. I hadn't given it much thought at the time.

I text back 

She quickly responded 

I replied 

< Hahaha naughty!> Came the reply. 

 I replied with unseemly haste!

 She replied

 My thumb hovered over the send button for a few seconds before sending. Would she think I'm being silly? It had only been a few short weeks.

I waited agonizingly for a reply...which took ages in coming. Or maybe it only appeared to be ages, since I was sitting with the phone in my hand apprehensively waiting for it to buzz.

 Came the reply.

A wave of goosebumps washed over me on reading that last text. I think I already knew that she was as excited about our blossoming relationship as I was, but the teasing of my friends earlier this evening and perhaps made me over-sensitive. Now I had confirmation of her feelings and I felt nothing short of joy!

Of course now I was even more restless!! Her break would be in about an hour, so I would have to find something to do in order to avoid each minute feeling like ten! An idea occurred to me. Her workplace was only 15 minutes away, so why don't I fix her something to eat and take it to her?! Was that romantic, or was it ridiculous? In the end I resolved to stop second guessing myself and just do what feels good. I was sure this would surprise her, in a good way!

I dashed to the kitchen and rapidly threw together a basic pasta al forno dish and quickly took a shower and had a shave whilst the cheese topping browned deliciously in the oven. Despite last minute misgivings that I was going to look like a complete idiot turning up at her workplace with a pyrex dish of steaming pasta, I got into the car and drove the short distance to her workplace.

Halfway there, I received another text from Suzy. She had started her break and was asking me to call. I ignored the text and raced faster the final couple of miles, parking up in the visitors' car park. The phone buzzed again.



I hit the call button and she answered almost immediately, her soft, lightly accented voice purring into my ear. 

"I thought that might get your attention!" she said, and laughed a laugh that caressed my heart.

"I thought you might be hungry, so I'm parked in your carpark with a dish of pasta that is beginning to burn through my trousers!" I replied

"No way!!!" She shrieked "Oh my god honey, you are the sweetest man! I'm starving! Wait for me at the night security desk and I'll come and get you! See you in a minute!" She hung up and I made my way quickly across the few metres to the reception doors. 

With some effort I managed to rouse the curiosity of the security guard and was in the midst of explaining for the third time the nature of my visit, when Suzy arrived, beaming a full, enthusiastic smile. She had her long brown tousled hair loose and was wearing her white lab coat, buttoned closed, which accentuated the slimness of her waist and caused the fabric to hug the curve of her hips. The top two or three buttons were undone, revealing a 'V' of pale soft flesh and the delicate line of her neck, unadorned today of any neckchain. Below the hem of her coat I could see her toned calves and slim ankles. She wore practical black shoes with the minimum of heel.

I was eventually allowed in and Suzy rather daintily kissed my cheek before leading me briskly to her work area whilst she explained with breathless energy that I wasn't really allowed in but the place was practically deserted, so we should be ok. I had never known her walk quite so quickly and found myself almost skipping along to keep up with her. The quick light click of her shoes on the polished tile floors contrasted with the dull thud of my heavier boots as we walked. It surprised me to see her bare legs flashing beneath the coat. She always wore jeans or fitted slacks when we went out, so I had assumed that's what she wore to work also. I was keen to see how she looked in a skirt!

She led me not to her lab, but to a break-out common room nearby that served as a rest area, locker room and eating space. It was rather antiseptically decorated with white paint and corporate promotional prints. A kitchenette occupied one corner, containing microwave oven, kettle, sink, fridge and dishwasher. A row of lockers lined one wall opposite large windows, which through steel grey blinds could be seen the less than attractive sight of the roof of an adjacent office. A couple of Formica tables, with accompanying chairs dominated the centre of the room. The only concession to comfort was a slate grey padded sofa, twin matching armchairs and black Ikea coffee table that occupied the remaining space.

Once in the room, which was empty of any other occupants, I felt the wave of heat strike me. The windows were open to their maximum, but they were fighting a losing battle against the malfunctioning heating system. I handed Suzy the pasta bake and she took it to the kitchenette, where she had a tub of salad waiting for her in the fridge. Bending down at the waist to open the door, the neck of her lab coat bowed open slightly, allowing me a tantalizing and brief glimpse of her cleavage. My eyes travelled along her back to her bottom, which she had now innocently pointed towards me and which I less than innocently appreciated!

"Oh Steve honey, do you mind getting my cutlery and plate from my locker? It's the third from the left" She asked as she straightened up. "We all bring our own" 

I did as requested. Trotting over to her locker and opening the hinged door. It was as orderly arranged as I was coming to expect from her. Everything had its place. There was no mess and no pile of items brought to work on previous days and forgotten. It was not without surprises though. Neatly folded on the base of the locker was a pile of clothes. It looked like a pair of dark grey trousers on the bottom, under a thin white cotton garment, presumably a t-shirt, and on top, a thicker black garment, maybe acrylic, no doubt a sweater. Spare clothes, possibly...except that perched on the top were a pair of tan tights. They weren't rolled into a ball like you'd expect of a spare pair, or in a box. They were folded and slightly wrinkled, as they would be had they been recently taken off.

My heart seemed to skip a beat and I could feel colour begin to burn my cheeks. Since an adolescent, I had always had a bit of a thing for white tunics of the type worn often by doctors, dentists, beauticians and...lab technicians. I think it stemmed from my local dental surgery, where the sole dental assistant, a woman who I suppose was in her late thirties and who to me at that time was exotically middle-aged, wore a white tunic uniform. I would be spellbound by her trim figure, her classic, but rather severe make-up, and by the fact that when she bent over for the filing cabinet I could clearly see her panties through the thin white material of her tunic! 

The attraction and associated fantasies have stuck with me ever since and now the thought that my girlfriend might be wearing nothing but her underwear beneath her lab coat sent pulses of desire through my body. I hadn't detected any obvious clues when Suzy was bent over by the fridge, but hers is quite a thick material.

"Are you ok honey? Aren't they there?" She called and started walking towards me.

"Yep, got them" I replied. "Sorry, just being nosy!"

"Oh there's nothing of much interest in there" She replied.

I turned around to face her. "Apart from your clothes!" I replied, laughing.

I could see her immediately begin to blush, but there was a sparkle in her ice blue eyes. "Trust you to notice that!! You don't miss a trick, do you?!" She exclaimed.

My laugh had an edge to it of nervous excitement. I was like a teenager again! "I knew something didn't add up Suzy! I noticed your bare legs and thought that odd in winter and of course you always wear trousers! Then I glimpsed your cleavage just now...which was lovely...thankyou! And then I thought...it's so hot in here, and yet you have your lab coat buttoned up! Very odd!"

"Well deduced Mr Holmes!" she mocked

"Elementary my dear Watson" I replied. "Although to be fair, without the pile of clothes in your locker, I wouldn't have put 2 and 2 together"

"It's so hot babe...and I'm the only one here now, so I've been flouncing around in just my undies! With my lab coat over the top, I hasten to add!!! Albeit unbuttoned!"

She leant back against one of the tables as I approached her with plate and cutlery forgotten. Our eyes were locked together. A switch had been flipped somewhere that now filled the steamy heavy air of the common room with an electric current.

"Well, don't think you have to cover up on my account Suzy. You must be sweltering in that coat" My voice had taken on the huskier tone of desire. 

I stroked her cheek softly with the backs of my fingers, noting how she closed her eyes and held her breath and lifted her chin. She allowed my fingertips to trace the line of her jaw and drift over her lips, which parted instinctively at my touch. With the back of my index finger I barely caressed her neck, then drifted my fingers over her prominent collar bone and brushed a tress of her hair gently over her shoulder. She opened her eyes, fixing them again on mine as my fingers slid over her chest, feeling the softness of her skin, tracing the rising mounds of her breasts. Her lips parted as though she needed to say something, but all that was emitted was a soft sigh.

I arrived at her first button and it slipped open easily and her eyebrow arched as it did so, her mouth subtly smiled. The second proved more troublesome, requiring both my hands before it was freed and then the third was open too, the furthest I could reach without having to bend down. I held the unfastened ends of her coat and opened them slowly, pulling my gaze away from Suzy's eyes as I did so. Her breasts, full and creamy white, were rising and falling in rhythm to her quickening breaths. Her skin which I knew to be smooth and free of freckle or blemish was porcelain-clear against the midnight blue of her lacy bra.

My fingers continued their exploration, running over her breasts which were held firmly within the teasingly semi-transparent cups of her bra. The bra pushed her full breasts together to create a deep, plunging cleavage, the length of which I now teased with my fingertip, before fanning my hands and cupping her breasts. I could just about make out the dark areolas which circled her nipples and I gently smoothed my thumbs over them, feeling the hardness of her buds. I heard her sigh and raised my gaze to her eyes again.

"You're being very naughty" she breathed softly. "What if someone comes in?"

"How likely is that to happen?" I replied. Genuinely wondering whether I should stop.

"I'd say virtually no chance at all!" She answered with a smile and wrapped an arm around my neck, pulling my head down to hers.

We kissed...softly. Our lips touched and partied subtly at first. Her fingernails scratched gently on the nape of my neck. I sucked her bottom lip between mine before politely offering the tip of my tongue. Her tongue accepted my invitation, welcomed my tongue into her mouth. Our tongues caressed and played and our stimulated, moistened lips slid against one another's.

Our passion rose and our kisses deepened and hardened. I slid my arms around her, inside her lab coat, feeling under my hands the cool smoothness of her back. My hands felt the movement of her shoulder blades, the thin tight strap and clasp of her bra, the delicate indentation of her spine, the hollow curve of the small of her back and the softness of her hips

I caressed her bottom, and squeezed her full round and firm buttocks through the flimsy lace of her knickers. I pulled her hips tight against mine, allowing the hardness of my growing arousal to press against her stomach. I felt one of her hands slip to my bum also holding me tightly against her and I moved my hips against hers, in doing so, rubbing my hardness against her. A sigh escaped from her mouth and she gripped me tighter, pushed against me in return and kissed me with even greater ferocity.

I pulled away from our kiss and looked into her eyes, seeing in them the same desire that I'm sure she could see in mine also. I opened her coat again and again ran my fingers over her chest and along her cleavage. I could see a subtle pink flush blossoming near the base of her neck and I stooped to kiss it softly. Then I kissed the swell of her breasts and traced my tongue along the walls of the valley between them. I cupped her breasts again, though more firmly this time and rubbed her nipples through the lace. Now they were swollen and hard as I sucked them. The material felt rough against my tongue, contrasting with the softness of her skin swelling above the bra cups.

I needed to see and hold and kiss her bare breasts. I needed to bury my head into her naked unrestrained cleavage and feel her heart pound against my face. I slipped my fingers under the straps of her bra and slid them up to her shoulders, lifting the thin straps as I did so. I swept them both simultaneously off her shoulders, caressing as my hands travelled down her upper arms. This also served to push back the sleeves of the lab coat too and I continued until Suzy was able to pull her hands free completely of both the straps and the coat.

She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply as the coat fell to the floor and I caressed her back and pressed by body against hers once more. I could feel the heat of her body even through my clothes and loved the way she moved her hips against me. My shy girlfriend had a fire burning inside her tonight and I loved it! I was sure she would protest at my removing her coat, but instead she was kissing me passionately and writhing seductively against me. 

I hadn't intended nor expected events to take this turn when I decided to visit tonight. I never imagined she would allow this! I wanted to make love to her now, here in this room at her workplace! I wanted her to touch me and stroke me and take me inside her! I unclasped her bra and ran my hands up and down her slim back, feeling her press even tighter against me. I fanned my hands over her bum and pulled her against the hard bulge in my jeans and she pressed harder still in response. I slid my hands into her panties and grasped her buttocks...squeezing, fondling, pushing her knickers off her hips, off her bum.

"Oh baby yes, yes. I want you Steve!" She breathlessly gasped as she finally broke our kiss and frantically fumbled with my belt and my buttons. I watched her full breasts swayed and bounced as she pulled open my fly and forced my jeans off my hips and over my aching erection. For a brief moment she held it in one hand through the stretched fabric of my shorts, squeezing and rubbing, before abandoning that approach and delving the hand into my shorts and grasping my shaft firmly, causing me to gasp.

I released a buttock and thrust my hand between our bodies and between her thighs and cupped her mound. I could feel her trimmed prickly pubic hairs against the heel of my hand and the soft, wet folds of her swollen lips against my fingers. Her grip on my stiff shaft was tight as she stroked it up and down. Her hard and fast pulls exposed my dark crown and smacked my heavy balls with each pump. We were both too aroused for subtlety now and I responded by pushing my fingers deep into her pussy, making her gasp out loud.
