 We cuddled closely under the dark night sky, sparkling with millions of little stars, like a big velvet cloth sprinkled with diamonds. I felt your warm arms holding me so tightly and so lovingly, keeping me safe and warm. I feel your warm breath against the back of my neck and you gently nuzzles your nose into my neck and sighed in passion and joy as you breathed in my scent. 

You pulled me closer and started gently kissing my neck. With one of your hands, you gently touched my face and ran your fingers through my dark, soft hair. Your finger tips encircled a few strands of my hair as you continued kissing my neck. Your fingers then tenderly moved from my hair and down towards my chin. With them on my chin,you softly moved my head around so that I was facing him, see his eyes. I stared deeply into your eyes for a few silent loving, deep moments, before closing them to the feel of your warm, moist lips upon my own. 

We kissed passionately, our lips and tongue dancing in an amorous dance of which we only could feel.Your kisses felt so good, so warm, so loving. It was my addiction, his love, his kisses... I had to have more as soon as the pleasure filled my heart. We kissed more, our lips softly massaging each others, our tongues playing together in our mouths. 

When we finally pulled apart to breathe,you stroked my hair lightly. "Are you hot, babe?" you asked, grinning at me. 

"A little," I teased him back. "What, what are you going to do about that?" 

You just smiled, still gently stroking my hair and rubbing my neck. The other hand gently crept up from the bottom of my shirt and started massaging my stomach. I closed my eyes in pleasure as you touched me. Your touch… it felt so good. Your fingertips rubbed my stomach as they slowly crept up to the laciness of my bra. With your thumb, you pulled down the cup of my bra and I felt your soft fingers massaging my left breast. A soft murmur escaped from my lips as the pleasure started growing inside me. 

You leaned closer to me as you massaged my breasts, leaving the left one to touch the right one, kneading the soft flesh between your fingers, gently pinching the nipples, until they were perky and hard. Your gentle lips meet mine again, and we kiss deeply, lovingly. After a few minutes of intense passion fueled kissing, we finally parted and looked deeply in each other's eyes. 

You kept on rubbing me, stopping for a second to lift my shirt from my head and remove my bra, which had been open and just hanging on my body. As I felt the cool night air hit my chest and back, I shivered, but when I felt your warm hands and arms wrap around me tightly, I felt the warmth returning to my body. I could feel the warmness of your bare chest against my side as you held me closer. I snuggled in your neck, breathing in the scent of you and feeling your warmness against my body. 

One of your hands was gently massaging my breasts, while the other was starting to lower until they reached the waistband of my pants. You reached inside and I moaned as I felt your warm fingers rubbing across my clit gently. I felt my wetness intensify as your gentle touch kept on stroking my clit, gently and slow at first but increasing speed. I moan out my pleasure, feeling passion and lust spread across my body, which was on fire. 

After a few minutes, I felt your fingers keep my clit and I moan in disappointment. "Hold on a sec, babe," you whispered to me. You lay me down on the warm blanket and slid my pants and my panties down and off my legs, so I was nude and lying there in front of you, under the night sky. 

"I know you'll love this, babe," you smiled at me before you gently spread my legs and dove in. 

A squeal of pleasure escaped from my throat as I felt your tongue flickering across my already throbbing clit. I felt you lick all around my lick, my dripping pussy, my wetness… licking everywhere, licking every little nook and cranny that your tongue could reach, making me feel so good, so intense, the pleasure filled my body so much that I couldn't stand it. 

My body shuddering, moving, twitching, I moaned loudly, feeling your tongue invade my hole as you gently rubbed my clit with one of your fingers. As I felt the intense warmness of the climax nearing, I gasped out, "Faster, more!" I felt your tongue lick faster and faster as your fingers played around my pussy, slipping it gently in and out. Soon I felt a sudden blast of pleasure as the explosion, fueled by my own passion, carried from my clit and radiated all across my body. A relaxed haze gently washed upon my body after the pleasure subsided, and I lay there, my eyes closed, covered with sweat and my own juices and exhausted. 

When I finally opened my eyes, I saw you nude figure kneeling next to me, your dick rock hard and standing fully up. You had been gently stroking it, as you watched me lying in my haze of pleasure. I smiled at you and pulled your hands off your dick, replacing it with my own. I gently stroked it, rubbing it around the head. Then I slowly leaned over and kissed the head of your head and smiled at you, looking deeper into your beautiful eyes as I did so. I flicked my tongue across the head and watched your reaction as I stared into your face. 

I took your entire head into my mouth, licking it, wrapping my moist lips around it. With my hands I stroked the base as I gently sucked you. I took more of you in my mouth and felt you twitch from the pleasure. I moved my head up and down, having you go slid in and out of my moist mouth. After a few minutes, I slid you out of my mouth, looked at you, and whispered. "I want you now." 

With that, I lie back down on the blanket and spread my legs apart, still glistening and wet from the orgasm I had before, my wetness dripping down onto the blanket, where a puddle had been forming. 

Leaning down in front of me, you took your saliva and precum slicked cock and slowly teased me by rubbing it around my pussy and clit, wetting the head with my juices. Soon I felt the slight pressure and your head enter me. I moan out loud as you pushed yourself in deeper and deeper inside me, my pussy hole stretched apart with your bigness, as I felt like myself being filled with you. 

You pushed harder until I felt your entire dick bury itself deep inside me. I felt the intense pleasure and fullness and I felt you throb inside me. You slowly slid yourself back until only the head was inside, and then slid it back deeply inside. You repeated it, your rhythm getting faster and faster as I scream out my pleasure as I feel you fill me deeply. You went faster and faster, pumping your hard cock in and out of my wet, tight pussy, your pubes rubbing against my clit at each stroke, sending waves of pleasure across my entire body. 

Finally, you moaned out loud and slammed inside me once more, unloading your load deep inside me, the warm gooey cum shooting in my hole and filing me up. 

You collapsed next to me, exhausted, as you pulled your dick out from my warmness. We cuddled our nude bodies together, still covered with sweat and juices from our passionate lovemaking. I kissed you gently as we snuggled together, lying there on the blanket on the ground, feeling the air blow across our bodies. I shivered slowly, but your warm arms around me and your skin next to mine warmed me up. 

I turned my head around stared up into the sky, darkened into an intense blackness, dotted with tiny little crystals, sparkling and shining. "Isn't it beautiful?" I whispered. 

"Yes, but not as beautiful as you," you murmurs into my ear as you snuggles against my neck once again, kissing and licking it to the way for another intense feeling of passion and love

always your's Mohini ....