 He had spent the last week of the spring break as a guest at the home of a friend and teammate from University. Both he and his friend were on football scholarships and were majoring in academics and physical education. He was unaware until he arrived at their home that his friend had a twin sister. She was absolutely beautiful and it seemed like she was before his eyes almost every minute from the time he arrived.

He was attracted to her instantly and the more time he spent around her the stronger the attraction got. He never discussed it with her brother but it seemed that she was very much aware of him and who he was. He was sure seeing the closeness of the brother and sister that they had talked and discussed this guy he was bringing home with him. Over the next few days they had gone out to a club in a group, he had danced with her, chatted with her and they had gone for walks but always in company with others.


On one occasion they had hugged each other and he had kissed her softly almost as if she was his sister but this was the first time they had actually been alone and they would be for the whole afternoon as his friend had taken his mother to visit relatives and the house was empty except for them. He knew if he was to make a move it had to be now so he made his way upstairs into the area of her bedroom. He could even still smell the musky scent of her from when he had been up there earlier and that made him more determined. 

He knew what he wanted but was not totally aware of the thoughts that had also been going through her mind. He was not aware she was at that very moment in the bathroom readying herself for an “all or nothing” show. He was everything her brother had told her and more. She was completely taken by him and had wanted him since she first laid eyes on him. She hoped he had the same feelings, if not she was going to be in some serious trouble with what she had planned.

He would be returning to college in a couple days with her brother and this would probably be her last chance. She silently untied her shirt slipping it off of her shoulders; the only noise she made was unzipping her shorts. She moved out into hall just as he whirled around and almost fell over, for she was standing in front of him completely nude. 

Her breath hissed out in pleasure as she got the reaction she wanted so she said to herself “this is it, now go for it” and stepped closer bringing her soft breasts flush with his hard chest. Without hesitation he gripped her hips in his hands and brought them into contact with his. She could feel the already thickening bulge beneath the fly of his rough jeans. She smiled and without taking her eyes off his she unbuttoned them then slowly slid the zipper down. As the zipper slid down, so did she, until she was on her knees in front of him. 

She looked up and smiled as she pushed his jeans down his thighs to his ankles. She then slid his jeans and shorts right off and he stepped out of them. She caught her breath at the sight of his large hardening maleness. She gently wrapped a hand around the base and slowly stroked. He gasped and jerked in her hand. She bent her head and slowly touched the tip with her tongue. He groaned and buried his hands in her hair. She swirled her tongue around him and licked the sides of him, gently sucking and nibbling. When she took him in her mouth he almost cried out. She sucked gently on the head, taking him in inch by inch, torturing him. When she had most of it in her mouth she started sucking him hard. 

He threw his head back and groaned loudly, his hands running through her hair. His hips started moving in rhythm with her mouth, until he was sliding it in long strokes and making love to her mouth. Almost at once because of the excitement he stiffened and she felt the hard warm spurt against the back of her throat followed by another and another. She continued until she was satisfied she had sucked all of it from him. She had swallowed it and now licked him clean. 

She stood up and smiled at him then turned and stepped into the shower. He stood there astonished and slightly confused until her hand came around the shower door and beckoned him to join her. He smiled and stepped into the shower with her.

She was a stunning sight, her hair wet trailing over her shoulders and across her perfect breasts, water droplets gleaming on her skin. He bent to lick up a drop of water on her nipple and she gasped. He looked up at her and grinned. She brought his face up to hers and kissed him soundly on the lips, tracing his lips with the tip of her tongue, then stroking his tongue with hers. She drew it out of his mouth and into hers, sucking and nibbling on it. He groaned into her mouth and caressed her body, running his hands up and down her back, cupping her soft smooth bottom and pressing her into his hardness.

He marveled at how well their bodies fit together. He liked the feel of her full, firm breasts crushed against his chest. He noticed a small shelf behind her and picked her up and sat her down on it, still maintaining the contact of their kiss. He cupped a breast in each hand and gently kneaded them, rolling and pinching the nipples, making her squirm. She moaned against his mouth and he broke the kiss, nibbling his way down her throat and across her collarbone and down the slope of one breast. He moved his hand away and circled her nipple with the tip of his tongue and then sucked it into his warm mouth. She moaned and arched pushing against his lips, gripping the back of his head with her hands.

His free hand made its way down and parted her firm thighs, lightly drawing circles up the inside of her thigh. She gasped and her hips moved in anticipation of his touch. He lightly touched the outer lips of her slit and she quivered. He moved his mouth to the other breast and sucked it gently while rolling and softly pinching the nipple of the other with his free hand. She was moaning louder now, her thighs parting wider for the width of his shoulders to come between. His mouth left her breasts and he kissed and nibbled his way down her ribcage to her hipbone. He trailed his tongue along to her navel, licking it and then slipping it in and pulling it out again. She gasped in pleasure and her stomach muscles tightened. He smiled up at her, winked and then returned, as he started lower.

He lightly parted her soft lower lips with his finger and slid up and down the slit, gently touching her clit. She moaned loudly and tipped her head back, her nails digging slightly into his shoulders. He slowly slid his finger into her and found that she was extremely tight. This excited him and he felt himself swelling even larger. He moved his mouth over her soft mound and slowly touched her clit with the tip of his tongue. She jerked and cried out, her body tightening around his finger spasmodically.

He slowly licked back across the clit and tasted the wetness oozing from her lubricated opening. He slid his tongue inside her and felt her contract as he probed her in and out softly and sucked her fragrant juices. He moved his hands so he was holding her hips tight and brought her to him with his lips locked tightly on her whole clit area and he began to suck her hard. She was almost delirious as she felt his tongue flicking on her clit with the sounds of his sucking and the licking as he forced her body tight against his wet probing onslaught of passion.

She moved herself hard against him and her breath started to come in gasps and she began to whimper as the uncontrollable spasms started to course their way through her whole body. She could feel the sweat forming on her in the humid room but her whole senses were centered on the area between her legs where he was licking her and sucking her until she finally cried out and clasped his head to her body forcing him to her as she felt the release through her whole body followed by a soothing feeling of warmth that flowed through her.

He looked up at her smiled and then stood up and kissed her. She tasted herself on his lips and tongue and she moaned against his mouth. He gently picked her up and had her wrap her legs around his hips; he placed her back against the shower wall and kissed her deeply and held her body to him. He felt the arms tighten around his neck and felt her legs clasp his hips and he knew she was ready for him and that she wanted him now. She was in a state of complete passionate submission with her lips against his shoulder as he moved closer between her legs. Her knees were spread on both sides of his thick hard muscular thighs.

He guided his hard throbbing rod down and started the head into her wet drippy sensitive area and she flinched as she felt him push slightly. She held her breath slightly and moaned as his thickness spread her and began the slide into her tight, warm body. He was careful to take it slow and easy due to her tightness. He groaned as her warmth enveloped him, her body was now squeezing his almost too hard, but he loved it. When he was finally in to the hilt he crushed her to him, burying his face in her hair. He began moving slowly hardly able to control himself as he felt her responding and knew this was what she had waited for and wanted so much. He suddenly gripped her hips and began slamming into her body, sliding deeper and deeper with every thrust.

She tipped her head, rolling it back and forth in ecstasy as she groaned loudly. Her hips matching his thrust for thrust as she slid her hands up his back and into his hair. He was now thrusting madly into her soft flesh his fingers digging into her hips. He alternated his strokes using long hard deep ones occasionally holding himself deep in her as he rubbed on her mound with his. He teased her with some short fast strokes before resuming the long hard deep ones. He was sliding smoothly and her lips were all over him wet and warm as she licked his neck and sucked his sweating skin. 

Suddenly she stiffened and screamed, her body tightening around him so he could barely move within her. He felt her contract around him and he body began to quiver. He could not hold his release any longer and was ready.  He thrust very hard and deep one last time and held it there. He felt the pressure and feeling of the pins and needles course through his lower body as he spurted wildly inside her. He flooded her with his sticky warmth.  She moaned softly and almost purred with her head against his chest as she absorbed every warm drop of his release. 

His hands caressed her arms, stroking her as she trembled. His own knees were a little wobbly. He slowly eased himself out and away from her, bracing her against the wall as she lowered her legs and feet to the floor beneath her. His hands continued to stroke her arms and hair as she calmed. Her head was bent, her chin almost touching her chest. Her hair was plastered against her head, the ends hanging in wet ringlets against her neck and shoulders, trailing sexily over her bare creamy breasts. 

He cupped her chin and raised her face so she was looking up at him. His hand slid down and around to the back of her neck. Her lips parted, swelling slightly as his lips lowered. He looked into her ice blue eyes for an instant before closing the distance and kissing her tenderly. Her arms came up around his neck, her body arching into his as she moaned into the kiss. He felt her tighten on him as she moved her warm body soft against his. The warm water soon enveloped them as they stood like that in each other’s arms feeling their hearts beating as each of them softly caressed the other.

He woke from his sleep instantly as the two little girls came around the corner into the patio area where he had sat back on the chaise and dozed. When the first little blonde one saw he was awake she was all over him. They were excited with the new little rubber animal toys they each got as a reward for being good during their shopping trip. They then told him how their grandma had taken them for ice cream. The little girls were on his lap and edge of the couch as he looked up to see their grandmother come around the corner and smile at him. She was slightly gray but every bit the same beautiful woman that he spent the afternoon in the shower with almost thirty-five years ago. He smiled softly back at her.