 Our luggage and equipment had arrived at the Asyut docks and we had confirmed rooms ready. We were treated with VIP status and again I suspect it was due to the connections of my lovely assistant. I did not know what influence she had as she still preserved this mystic regarding her personal history. I enjoyed this combination; a stoic scientist teaming up with what could be the possible elegant member of a royal family.

The dock workers spot us coming and immediately start to arrange our baggage and crates so as to accompany us aboard. These excursion boats could be mistaken for a small Princess Line Cruise ship and we will not exactly be roughing it for this fieldwork. Your tax dollar at work. We make our way to our adjoining rooms, the larger of which included a table and working space for the equipment including laboratory materials and microscopes. A wonderful view window on this second deck level and a private small deck on the afternoon shade side will afford viewing of the traversed route when we are outside. The air-conditioned room provides a cooling off spot regardless of how our temperature might get elevated.

It will take slightly longer than a day to reach our first sample station and that is dependent on the ship leaving the dock on time. We don’t concern ourselves with this as we unpack key equipment and as the titanium laptop computer and then the digital camera are pulled from their protective cases Jean smiles as she points the digicam lens toward me. She makes a little click noise and then moves closer to me and pretends to snap various areas of my body. Click for the nose; click for the pocket with pens and ruler, click for my fly and then a smile. She now hands the camera to me and as she unwraps her light garment and puts it aside she reclines into the large chair. It is obvious what she wanted me to do and without a hitch her lovely body was recorded in .jpeg format. My erection is bulging out the thin shorts and it is not missed by Jean as she reaches out and squeezes gently to assure herself all is in place then with a smile lets me know she is pleased. Then she asked, "How should we store these when we are through. Should I start a new folder for research related images? She gives that little laugh knowing full well it is distracting me as my erection grows. 

Jean proudly displayed her breasts and points to the camera and I take the image. They were big and perky. Her aureola were striking and set off the erect nipples. They looked so excellent. Jean was smiling and moaning and as I bent over to suck her lovely breasts while she unbuckled my belt and released the catch on my shorts. As they fell to the floor my cock sprang through the fly of the boxer shorts. I moved closer and kneeling took her breast into my mouth where I receive the added thrill of feeling the nipple growing hard with my suckling. I buried my face in her cleavage as she squeezed against my face. She moved them back and forth across my face as I continue my oral worship of each. Jean’s hands continued down my chest opening each button on my shirt before entering proceeding further. She then begins rubbing in a circular motion while kissing and lightly pinching my nipples. When Jean’s hands reached my stomach after all the buttons on the shirt had been undone; she slid her hands around my back and under the elastic of my shorts. Hooking the band she ran her hands along with the shorts over my butt and down my legs until the boxers fall in the heap with the shorts. I step out of both and Jean smiles as she bends forward and as if to claim her prize, she grasps the base and proceeds to trace her lips down the entire length. I watched as she repositioned and knelt in front of me, kissing and licking the underside of my uncut cock from its base to the now exposed wet head. My legs were nearly shaking as she pulls my rear with the free hand while nibbling all around my shaft and balls. My hard prick, wet with Jean's saliva, was twitching with excitement. Jean rolled her eyes at me as she placed my straining shaft into her warm mouth. Her lips moved over the shinny head and down the shaft until she had swallowed all of it. I groaned with pleasure as she sucked on my entire cock, flicking her tongue across the bottom then releasing pressure, sliding her mouth back, letting my cock come almost completely out of her mouth, then going slowly back down to swallow even more. I ran my fingers through Jean's silky hair while pumping my hips slowly as she continued to take me deeply into her mouth. Jean started to move faster and I felt a surge building deep in my balls. She was taking my entire length into her mouth. I could feel myself coming up against the back of her throat, and she wanted more of it.

Jean was moaning and the erotic slurping noises added to the total of the experience as my cock rode in and out of her mouth. She liked what she was doing and she was good at it. I gently held fistfuls of her dark hair as I pumped my cock into her welcoming mouth. Jean was bobbing her head, feverishly sucking my dick while she was griping and stroking the base of my cock with her hand. She began to coo as she tasted the precum that had seeped from me. I could feel my climax coming. I think my toes were curled tight, my legs were tense and my butt was clenched as I felt the excitement build. I lost all sense of time and place as the sensation built to a climax. Jean continued to voraciously suck and pull on my cock, licking it, swallowing it. I felt as hard as granite and as big as a tree and I could feel it in the bottom of my balls as I started to come. My cock throbbed, sending waves of pleasure through my rod, pumping a huge load of cum into Jean's mouth.

Jean was very pleased to serve as my assistant and my satisfaction with her was obvious. Now I wanted to show her appreciation and respect not to mention, desire for her. I eased her back into the chair and buried my face into her very moist pussy. Jean lifted her pelvic area, spread her legs and I could see her labial lips were swollen from her near orgasm of a few minutes ago. I gently tongued her outer lips, occasionally swiveling my head to nip the insides of her thighs, but always returning to circle her clit and as it swelled up I sucked on it with reverence. There was no end to the wetness from her own lubrication and it trailed down her thighs. I continue using my tongue bringing Jean nearly to an orgasm for which she showed her appreciation by soft moans. Her grip on the back of my head intensified while thrusting her pelvis into my face. I then realized how hard I was getting again and instinctively raised up and while supporting her legs over my shoulders placed my cock into her very wet love canyon. We exchanged extremely wet but very tasty kisses flavored by our juices. It had been just a short time after our last climax thus this time it lasted much longer as both of us enjoyed and yes savored the overwhelming sensations coursing through our bodies. Finally, after about thirty minutes, with this wonderful buildup, I came again, not as much this time, but sensing my reaction she started thrusting to meet me in perfect unison. It was good, the pleasure was intense. 

It was time to get back to our work and Jean puts on her wrap with a remark that we need to finish getting our equipment ready for use. Our field laboratory items were packed into a couple of boxes and she proceeded to unpack and arrange the various items on the table. Picking up a long funnel like object she lets out a loud laugh and holds out the large plastic cone marked with metric graduations asking what the hell I use something like this for. She moves her skirt aside and pretends to insert the end into her pussy. I of course play along with this little scene and ask if she needs help. She gently runs the tip between her pussy furrows and explains that it has a most interesting shape and could be fun. I then explain that what she is holding is called an Imhoff Cone and its purpose is to measure settled solids from our water samples. I’m sure she was thinking of other uses. 

We embrace then continue to ready the microscopes and other items. I see her glance back at the Imhoff. The large engines of the ship now send a soft vibration through the structure and we feel the motion as the bow thrusters ease us away from the dock. We want to finish unpacking so we can move outside onto our private shaded verandah and enjoy the journey up the Nile. We will be observing and taking digital images as 5,000 years of cultural history slowly drift by. Jean also had some ideas for scenic images utilizing her lovely genetic assets, which she did not hesitate to immediately demonstrate. A passing felucca tips heavy to starboard as the occupants rushed for a better view. Tomorrow we take our first samples and get ready to power up the Valley of the Kings but, of course, I already have my royal experience a couple of meters away leaning nude against the deck rail facing me.

What adventures are to come in the next two weeks. Who knows ... anyone out there feel like they might be onboard and have a tale?