 A buzzing alarm woke up him up out of a dazed splendor.  Jim sat at the edge of the bed and smiled.  Just thinking about the day before surged his dick to life.  He crossed his apartment floor, moving a few unpacked boxes out of the way, and showered for the day.  

When he arrived at work he saw Laurie talking with another girl on the sales floor.  “Hey Jim.”  She smiled.  “Can you help Candy and I in the back?”  

“Sure.”  Jim said.  He took off his jacket in case it had anything to do with lifting boxes.  The three entered the back stock room and walked to the far corner.  Laurie turned towards Jim.

“Right now, I just need your help watching.”  She slid off her shoes.  Jim looked over at Candy, who was smiling at him.  

Candy was just that - candy.  She had a small, tight little body and two ponytails, which pulled back her chocolate brown hair.  She was holding an inventory checklist and wearing a crop top and cargo pants.  Suddenly Laurie’s hand was up that crop top and she cupped her fingers around Candy’s breast.  Candy moaned, dropped her inventory checklist and slid her hand under Laurie’s skirt.  

“Oh that’s right, Candy.  Put another finger in there.”  Laurie moaned.  Jim put his hands inside his pants and began stroking his cock.  

“Here,” Candy said.  “Let me help you with that.”  She took her hand away from Laurie, who was now sucking on her nipples, and she dropped her pants.  Then she pulled down her thong and led Jim behind her.  “Stick your thing in me.”  Jim did as he was told, and then he reached around and grabbed Laurie.  He pulled her close and Candy was stuck in the middle of a fuck sandwich.  

They all rocked back and forth, Jim with his dick in Candy from behind-Candy and Laurie with their fingers inside each other.  Jim could feel the pressure building up.  

“I’m cumming.”  He groaned.

“Pull it out and shoot it on my ass!”  Candy screamed.  Jim pulled out and stroked his cock.  Ropes of thick creamy jiz, splashed on Candy’s butt and legs as she came to an orgasm as well.  Laurie stopped and stood back, watching with a small smile on her face as the two younger one’s in front of her came together.  “Oh, shit!” Candy yelled as the last of her orgasm began to fade away.  “That was fucking great.”  Jim just stood there with his penis hanging out of his pants.  

“I told you just to watch, Jimmy.”  Laurie said.  I was going to fuck you after this but since you were so quick to jump the gun, we’ll have to wait.” 

“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean—”

“That’s all right, stud.  We’ll fuck in time.  Why don’t you finish up with Candy and then meet me and Natalie in her office.”

“Okay.”  Jim said as he turned to Candy.  Laurie left the stock room.

“You’re still hard.”  Candy cooed.  Rubbing his cum onto his cock.

“Yeah.  I’ve had a lot of stamina the past couple of days.”

“That’s good.  You’re going to need it around here.”  Candy jumped up and wrapped her legs around Jim’s waist.  She had perfect aim and his dick slid right into her pussy.  “Fuck me dry, baby.”  

Jim grabbed her ass and lifted her up and down on his cock.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and bounced with his rhythm.  They were fucking like a couple of fuck monkeys.  Candy pulled her top off and lifted herself up a little more, shoving her two breasts into Jim’s face.  He licked them as best he could while he was pumping his dick in and out of her fuck hole.  

“You’re so good, baby.  You’re so good at fucking me.”  Candy whispered.  She tightened her legs around his body and pushed his head into her breasts further.  “Oh, God.  Fuck me.  Fuck me.  Yes!  You’re so fucking good!  Oh, God.  Oh, God!  I’m coming!  I’m coming!  Agggggghhhhaaaaah!”  She shuddered in his arms. Sweat was dripping down her chest and her face.  “Oh my God.  That was the best fuck I’ve ever had.  You’ll be here for a long time, baby.”  

Candy dressed quickly and kissed Jim for about a minute strait.  Then she pushed her crotch into his and smiled.  “I want that again.  Soon.”  She giggled and then ran out. 

Jim walked into Natalie’s office, and Natalie sat with her head back and her eyes closed.  At first he thought she was masturbating, but he could see both her hands on the desk.  He cleared his throat and she opened her eyes.

“Oh, Jim.  I’m sorry, I didn’t hear you come in.”  She shifted in her chair and composed herself.  “I hear you met Candy.”  

“Yeah.  She’s great.”

“She thinks the same about you.”  Natalie winked.  “Go out on the floor and try to sell some clothes.  Laurie, why don’t you go and help him.”

“Okay,” came Laurie’s voice from under Natalie’s desk.  Laurie stood up and moved over to Jim, wiping her mouth.  “Miss me?”  She breathed.  Jim followed her out onto the floor while Natalie pulled her panties back up.  

“Okay, watch me.” Laurie said as she walked over to a guy looking at a pair of brown slacks.  “How are you today, sir?”  

“Fine.”  The man asked, looking Laurie over.

“Would you like me to help you with those?”  She leaned over, and Jim could see the man staring at Laurie’s cleavage.  

Ten minutes later, the man was gone and had spent over seven hundred dollars.  “Pretty cool, huh?”  Laurie said as she re-buttoned a button on her blouse.  “With a ten percent commission, I just made seventy dollars in ten minutes.  Now it’s your turn.”  Laurie pointed to a group of girls walking through the department.  “Five bucks says they’re buying ties for their prom dates.”  She walked away and let Jim walk up the girls.

“Hello, ladies.  Can I help you with anything?” 

“Yeah, we’re here to buy some stuff for our boyfriends.  It’s prom on Friday and we all kinda wanted them to have the same ties.”  The cutest one said.  Jim led them to the tie display and helped them pick out matching ties.  Six girls spent over a hundred dollars each.  In five minutes, Jim had almost caught up with Laurie’s numbers.  

“Can I wrap these up for you?”  Jim asked.  

“No,” the cutest one said.  “But we have all our dresses and some other clothes we need to pick up upstairs, could you help us carry the ties to our car?”

“Absolutely.”  He followed them to Brass Plum.  Two of the sales girls in BP approached him.  

“Hi.  You’re from downstairs?”  A blond asked.

“Yeah, my name’s Jim.”  

“Hi Jim.  My name’s Sandy, and this is Jill.”  

“Hi.”  

“You should come up here more often,” Jill said as she rubbed her neck.  The two of them helped the girls lift their bags and then walked away.  Jim then helped them to the parking garage.

“We’re at the bottom.”  The cutest one said.  “I’m Katie, by the way.”

“Nice to meet you Katie, I’m Jim.”  She smiled and nodded her head as they stepped off the elevator.  A lone SUV was parked near the end of the level.  “Jeez, you guys always park in BFE?”  

“Well, it’s my dad’s car – and he doesn’t know I’m using it.  He’d kill me if anything happened to it.” Jim loaded the bags into the car and then turned to say goodbye to the girls.  They were all staring at him, whispering and giggling.  

“What?”  

“Oh, nothing.  We just were laughing at that bruise on your head.”

“What bruise?”  And then from behind him one of the girls swung a softball bat against his head.  Jim blacked out.  

He wasn’t really sure what happened next.  He vaguely remembered sitting in the back seat of the SUV with his cock inside one girl, his face smashed in another’s tits, his hands being moved all over two other girls bodies, and his body moving every which way.  When he awoke.  Katie was helping him to the top level of the street.  

“What the fuck happened?”  Jim stuttered.

“I don’t know.  You just blacked out.  He looked over at her and could see fresh semen stains on her skirt.  When he could stand fully upright she looked at him and gave him a long kiss, slipping her tongue in his mouth.  He let it dance around inside for a while before grabbing her and making out with her in broad daylight.  They tounged for about five minutes until the SUV pulled up next to them.  

“Hey, Katie!  Let’s go!”  One of the girls said.  Katie pulled out of his mouth. 

“That was for helping with the bags.  I’ll see you later.”  She ran inside the SUV and then it sped off.  Jim looked at his watch.  

“What the fuck is going on!”  Natalie said as he walked back into her office.  “You help a customer with some bags and you’re gone for two hours!  We don’t tolerate that kinda shit here.  You either work, or you don’t work.  No breaks!  Do you understand.”  She walked up and put a finger in his face.  “I don’t want to put up with this crap anymore.”  

Jim was the one who didn’t want to put up with crap anymore.  He had a headache for one, and Natalie, this angry cock tease was starting to piss him off.  In his agitated state he grabbed her wrist and pushed her on top of the desk.

“Shhh.”  He said.  “Stop yelling, I have a headache.”  Natalie was too stunned to stop him as he ran his hand up her leg.  He found her panties and stuck his hand inside.  Natalie’s look of anger melted away as she tossed her head back and moved his hand to her pussy.  Jim inserted two fingers and started sliding them in and out of her hot steamy hole.  She began moaning as he quickened the pace, sliding them more furiously in and out then she had ever had anyone before.  

“Oh, God.  Jim.  Do it just like that.”  He did.  And she started bucking her hips as an orgasm overtook her.  Jim stood there, bent over her as she squirmed on her back across the desk.  He pulled out and leaned over to her mouth.  

“I’m going to kiss you now.”  But she kissed him first.  Jim got between her legs and pressed his dick up against her pussy, grinding it against the fabric of his suit pants.  They dry fucked and French-kissed for a while, until Jim stopped and squeezed each one of Natalie’s breasts gently.  “I think I’ll take lunch, now.”  He turned around and left the room.  Natalie sat there panting hard.      

As he sat down in the Nordstrom café, Jim couldn’t take another bite of his Panini sandwich.  “Hey, there.”  Laurie said as she slid next to him in the booth.  “I don’t know what the fuck you did to Natalie, but she was in her office with a vibrator, moaning your name over and over again.”  

“Yeah well, what can I tell you?  I’m a stud.”  

“You’re fucken A right you’re a stud.  Tell you what, I’m going to introduce you to two girls up in Brass Plum.”

“Sandy and Jill?”  Jim asked.

“Yeah.  You met already?”

“We met for a second.”  

“Oh.  Well they need a ride home.  So, I told them your place was on the way.  I owe them a favor, do you think you could?”  

“I guess so.  But now you owe me one.”  Jim said, lying his hand down on Laurie’s lap.  

“Oh, yeah… stud?  What do you want?”

“I want to stop lusting after your body.  I want to fuck you across the sky.”  Jim slipped his hand up her thigh and gently massaged her damp panties.  Laurie started slowly moving her legs apart and bit her lower lip.  She reached under the table and put her hands down his pants and started feeling his cock through his boxers.  From a distance, if someone were looking, they would of seen two sexed up Nordstrom employees gently teasing each other inside the empty café.  

Laurie suddenly stopped.  “Soon, Jimmy.  I promise.  We’re going to have the greatest sex of all time.  But until then, I want you to build up the sexual tension as thick as you can.” 

Jim smiled and kissed her gently on the mouth.  “Oh, God Laurie I’m telling you… when I finally get you in bed you’ll never know what hit you.”  She left the booth and squeezed his hand.

“They’re waiting for you in Brass Plum.  Just get up there as soon as the store closes.”  After Laurie left, Jim felt a revitalized hunger for the sandwich in front of him.  He ate the rest, left a two-dollar tip and ran back downstairs to finish the day.  Natalie avoided direct eye contact for the rest of the night, but before she left she walked up behind him and whispered in his ear.

“Look, I’m sorry about the way I lost control back there.  I’m sorry for blowing up and for getting lost in that… I’m just sorry.”  Before he could accept her apology she walked away.  

After Jim carried the moneybags up to the customer service center, he strut his way over to Brass Plum.  Both Sandy and Jill were laughing and pushing each other back and forth as they walked towards him.

“Sorry, Jim.” Sandy said.  “We had a lot to drink in the back after the store closed.”

“I’m so fucken wasted!”  Jill screamed laughing as she fell back into her friend.  “Take me home, Jim.  Take me home!”  Sandy helped her off the floor where she had fallen and took Jim in her other arm.  

“We really appreciate you driving us home.”  

While they were on the way, Jill passed out in the back.  Jim decided to break the silence and turn on a CD.  Elvis Presley’s voice filled the cab.

“No fucken way!” Sandy said.  “You like the king?”

“I love the king.”  

“Oh my God, marry me.”

“What?”  Jim said laughing.

“I don’t know any guy your age smart enough to like or even know the Presley’s music.  That is such a turn on!”

“Really.”  

“Hell, yeah!  I want your babies!”  Sandy said.  Jim laughed.  

“You’re one horny babe.” 

“Oh, you have no idea.”  She said with a small smile.

“Tell me more.”  Sandy looked at Jim.

“You know, I would be the perfect wife.”  The alcohol was definitely catching up to her.  “No really.  I would be the perfect wife for you.”

“No kidding.”

“I’m serious.”  She said, pushing her hair back.  “We both love Elvis.  We’re both gorgeous people so our kids would be beautiful.  We both love sex – and by the way I’m great in between the sheets.”

“How do you know I love sex?”

“I just know things.  Plus, I’m not even putting any moves on and you’ve got a hard on.”  Jim looked down.  She was right.

“Let’s get back to the part where you said you were great in between the sheets.”

“Oh,” Sandy said.  “If we were alone in a bed right now, I would fuck you so hard your eyeballs would explode.  I would make you cum so hard you would blow me into the next room.  Once you’ve tasted Sandy, you ain’t never going back!”  She fell forward and her face hit his lap.  She just rested there.

“Wow.  You sound like a tiger.”  Sandy turned ever so slightly.

“Have you ever had road head?”  Before he could fake an answer, she unzipped his pants and pulled out his dick.  “Good grief it’s so fucking big.  I want that in my mmmthhhuhhh…” the rest was lost when Sandy swallowed his penis head and tongued ferociously across his shaft.  Jim was having trouble driving but managed to pull up into her driveway while continued to suck on his thick member.  

“Let’s leave Jill inside the car.”

“Okay!”  Sandy said as she bolted out of the car and led Jim up to her bedroom.  “Lie on the bed.  I’m sick of games and I’m too drunk for foreplay.  Let’s just fuck.”

“I’m down with that.”  Jim said.  Sandy reaches in her dresser and pulled out a condom.  

“I’d let you fuck me without a rubber, but I’m pretty much the slut next door.  I don’t mean to be so frank, but if you were my little brother I’d still probably jump your bones.”  

“Well, Frank it is.”  Jim said.  Sandy carefully rolled the condom over his penis and then without much more hesitation, pulled off all her clothes.  She wasn’t the greatest figure in the world – but she was good.  And Jim wanted a grade A fuck right now… that was it.  Just as he was about to take command, Sandy ran over and grabbed his shoulders.  

“Now you listen to me you fucking bitch.  You’re going to lie down and do whatever the fuck I tell you to do.  Do you understand?”

“Yes ma’am.”

Sandy pushed him onto his back and then grabbed his latex covered member.  She guided it into her wet pussy and then sat down on it entirely.  “Oh, fuck.  Fucking fuck.  I can’t fucking believe I haven’t fucked in a fucking week.  Fuck me!”  

“Certainly shows the diversity of the word.”

“Shut up!”  She said as she started bouncing up and down on his fuckstick.  “Oh, sweet Jesus.  God!  Oh God!  Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Oh, yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Fuck me!  Fuck me Jim!  Fuck me good and hard!  Do it!  Do it!  Fuck me you motherfucker!”  

Jim grabbed her hips and pulled her up and down as hard as he could.  She was tingling all over, ready to explode.  Jim was ready to explode too.  He was about to come in her and he closed his eyes, straining to release.  

Just then, she yanked off of him and fell to the floor.  Jim opened his eyes.

“What the hell?”

“What the hell is right!”  Jill said.  “You leave me in the car passed out while you fuck the shit out of him?”

“Jill, I’m sorry.”  Sandy said.  “You just looked so peaceful while you were asleep.  I didn’t want to wake you.”

“Oh, fuck you slut.  I haven’t had sex in a year and you’re coming on some guy you met today.  Well fuck that.”  Jill reached over and yanked the condom off of Jim’s penis.  “You’re going to finish with me now, okay?”  

“Whatever you want Jill.”  Jim said as he pulled her close and began peeling off her clothes.  When she was naked, he turned her over doggy style and slowly inserted his cock into her tight pussy.  “Oh it’s so small.”

“Make it bigger.”  Jill moaned as he slid all the way inside.  “Now I want you to slam that cock monster in me as hard as you can.  Jim began and then quickly picked up the pace.  His balls began slapping on her ass – in the far corner of the room he could see Sandy fingering herself like mad.  “Let me know when you’re going to come!”  Jill screamed.  It would be anytime soon.  

Sandy got up and moves under Jill who was on all fours.  She put her mouth to one of her tits and sucked it while she fingered her clit.  “Oh God, Sandy.  Yes!”  

Jim jammed his cock in and out, Jill’s juices began running down her legs as she began a massive pent up orgasm.  She screamed and cried out, shaking like a frail broken woman.  “Oh, God!  I’m coming Jim!  This is so fucking great!  I’m still coming!  Oh yes!  Yes!  Make me come some more!”

“I’m about to come!”  Jim moaned.  At that moment Jill stopped, pulled him out and turn over.  She pulled Sandy next to her and then started pumping Jim’s cock in her hand.  

“Open your mouth, bitch.” Jill said to Sandy.  They both had their mouths open as Jim shot load after load of rich creamy cum into their mouths.  They sucked on his dick as his orgasm subsided.  Then Jill took the entire thing down the length of her throat and drained it dry.  She pulled it out and began kissing Sandy.  

“Oh, God that was great.”  Jim said as he began to redress.  

“Where are you going?”  Sandy said.  

“I have to get some rest.  I work early again tomorrow.”

“Why don’t you stay for a while and just watch.”  Jill said as she grabbed Sandy and kissed her roughly.  The two began to wrestle on the bed, grabbing and rubbing every part of their exposed bodies.  Jim sat down and watched the two perform oral sex on each other for the better part of an hour.  When they both came at the same time in a sweaty display of 69 sex, Jim tucked the two unconscious girls in – kissed them both on the lips – and then drove home.  It was another great ending to another great day.