 Tom couldn't hold it. He had to cum and he didn't care that he was on a train. It would be hours before his stop and it would be another hour after that until he got home, where a few strategically folded paper towels waited to be soaked through.

It wasn't a busy travel day. The Northeast Regional was lightly occupied. Everyone who wanted two seats got two seats, including Tom. He sat on the aisle and shifted in his snug-fitting button-fly pants. He spent the last hour adjusting his hard cock so it sat comfortably. Every time he touched it, it got harder and more difficult to hide in the limited space between his thighs. The natural rocking of the train made his situation worse. He could feel the occasional cum drop run down his thigh.

Tom always got hard on the train but his arousal seemed more aggressive today. It was summer and all the girls and women wore short skirts and small shorts. Each article stopped at the start of their ass, every square nanometer of their inner thigh out for appraisal. Inspiration caressed him and touched all the sensitive places.

Across the aisle and up a row sat a girl. She was young and blonde and wore her hair in two braids on either side of her neck and down her back. She was traveling with her parents and sat next to her mom, bare legs crossed and hanging out into the carpeted aisle. The girl—maybe between her last year of high school and her first year of college—was reading a paperback that'd just become a movie. Tom noticed her when they were boarding. She noticed him, too, and continued to do so, regularly turning her pretty head back to where he sat, his legs spread just enough to make room for the stiff cock pushing on the three buttons that held the two sides of his fly together. He made little effort to cover himself and he noticed that, occasionally, the teenage girl let her eyes drift from his face to lower places. She wanted to look more but she wasn't that old and didn't have the confidence to stare. It was clear that she didn't really need to stretch a crick from her neck.

Tom stared at her legs. He wanted to stare at more but her legs were all that he could see well. They were long, lean and delicately muscled and easy to see in the late-afternoon sunlight. Every once in a while, she'd adjust her position in the seat, causing her flimsy little dress to push higher up her thigh. He wondered if she was doing it on purpose.

The girl looked back again. She pretended to be stretching and turned around. Her breasts strained the fabric—he could see the outline of large bra cups—and she looked directly at his crotch, where the large bulge of his hard cock lay across his thigh. He wasn't hiding anything from her. She looked up from where his dick bulged through his pants and they made eye contact. He raised his eyebrows and her lips went into a nervous smile, then she turned back quickly and didn't look back again. Her mother asked her—her name was Jenny—if she was okay and glanced over her seatback, curious about what her daughter kept looking at.

Jenny told her mom she thought she heard the train make a funny noise, then Jenny squished her thighs together and tried to squirm with nonchalance.

"What are you doing now?" Jenny's mom said.

"Nothing," Jenny said. "Just getting comfortable. These seats are shaped weird."

"Well, it looks like you're trying to no-hand itch your hoo-hoo."

"Mom!"

That was it. Tom was done resisting. He stood up and walked to the bathroom at the end of the car behind him. His seat was close so he didn't have to walk far. He didn't look but he knew the girl looked over her shoulder as he got up and he made sure that he left his seat slow enough so she could see him.

Tom slid shut the door to the bathroom and looked at himself in mirror. He was lean with combed hair and bright eyes that popped below dark eyebrows. His pants hugged his legs and the outline of his hardness. He could feel cum leaking down his leg. His shirt V-neck shirt clung to muscled chest and the short sleeves stopped at the curl of his biceps. He rubbed his a hand over the lump in his pants, teasing himself, forcing more precum down his leg. He wasn't wearing underwear. He never wore underwear.

Bracing himself against the rock of the train by putting his left hand on the handicap railing, Tom used his right hand to undo the buttons of his fly and loose his cock, which had been lodged between his thigh and his pants. It sprung out, hard as fuck and dripping cum.

Tom started stroking.

The leaking cum lubed the shaft of his dick and made his palm slick as he slid his hand up and down the wide length of his flesh. For a moment, he wrapped both hands, one top of the other, around his cock and squeezed firmly before rubbing them up and down a few times and feeling the precum drip over his fingers.

He liked to see his cum. Whenever he shot, he made sure to watch it as the cum blasted out several feet in ropes and drenching whatever it landed on—the paper towels, his muscled torso, some girl's shaking body.

Tom thought of the young blonde girl on the train. He thought about how her bra held up her heavy breasts—she'd have to grow into them—and the length of her legs and how she didn't stop her flimsy dress from slipping up her thighs toward the space between them. He thought about her soft white skin and her little freckled button nose and her light eyes and the two blonde braids he'd pull if he ever got to fuck her from behind.

He wondered if she could take him. He wondered if she had taken anybody. Undoubtedly men wanted to test her. She was delicate and probably squealed whenever she took any inch of cock. Tom wanted to stretch her, hold her little body down and make her little girlhood stretch with orgasm, hold her neck and feel the moans when she let them out, and whenever she thought there was no way she could take another centimeter of a grown man's pounding cock, he'd fill her up a little more and she'd scream as her pussy dripped and made wet room.

Tom was lost in his imagination. He didn't remember that he forgot to lock the bathroom door. He was on the verge of cumming, pants midway down his thighs and his right hand working under the bulging head of his circumcised cock, when the door slid open.

The young blonde girl stood in the doorway.

Her eyes were wide and moved between the handsome man's face—he was probably around thirty years old—and his cock, thick and curved slightly in his strong right hand. The head had a big ridge and the tip was shiny with precum in the fluorescent overhead light. The shaft was more than long enough for both her hands and wide enough around to make her wonder how much it might hurt—and make her scream—if he ever got a chance to force that cock inside her. And she knew he would have to push, and fuck, she wanted him to push. He didn't have to go slow. She knew could she could get wet enough to take him, to take all of him, as deep as he could go. She wanted him to make it fit—force it to fit and force her to make that cock fit.

Tom didn't stop stroking. He stared at her. He jerked.

"I had to go to the bathroom," Jenny said.

"Me too," Tom said.

Someone started coming down the car. Jenny didn't think about it. She stepped inside the little bathroom, closed the door and locked it. She braced herself against sink, leaning back so the dress rested on the mound of her crotch, legs shoulder length apart. She stared at him, alternating between his face and his cock. He stared at her. He wasn't rubbing his cock anymore.

"Don't stop," she said. She was stammering. "I want to see."

"Me too," he said.

"Okay."

She reached for the hem of her dress, which stopped in the middle of her thighs. She started to pull.

"How old are you?" Tom said.

"Old enough to show you," she said and pulled the dress up the rest of the way and showed him her little panties. They were white, low cut and wet along her slit.

Tom grabbed his cock again and slid his hand back and forth, going faster at intervals then slowing down so she could see the precum seeping out, down his shaft and onto the train bathroom floor. She opened her a mouth a little.

"Are you going to ... you know, soon?" Jenny said. Tom nodded. "I want to see it come out." She breathed hard. "I like your cock."

She reached out with one skinny finger. He stopped stroking. She touched the head, then let her other fingers follow the first one, wrapping her hand around and squeezing. He moaned. She felt precum run down her wrist.

Then he grabbed her.

His cock smacked into her thigh and he pressed his left hand against her small throat and she gasped as she felt his right hand clench a fistful of her panties and pull. The fabric on her hip tore easy and the panties fell down her legs. He gripped her throat harder and she felt his cock slam against her fuzzy mound. He lifted her up and pushed her against the sink and window and, in the same motion, he pushed his grown-man cock in the warm wetness between her hairless thighs.

Jenny screamed like a little girl attacked. He got the head in with one thrust but couldn't get his cock any further. He pushed again and she screamed again and dug her finger into his hips. He didn't stop. He pushed until she finally gave way with a yelp and whimper and she pushed her face into his shoulder, biting him and mewling.

Then the whole size of his cock went as far it could go.

He pushed her head against the wall, one hand still wrapped around her throat and the other cupping the back her thigh. The other leg hung free. She couldn't move but she managed to brace her mound against the adult hardness battering its way deeper into her. It happened in one powerful thrust and she screamed and cried and her little cunt came, flowing down over his cock and balls and down the inside of her thighs and wetting the floor. He withdrew and slammed his cock back in and she came again, shaking in his hands and against the sink and mirror, her eyes wet and her mouth dry.

Tom kept fucking the little girl in his hands, stuck and spread atop the thickness of his cock. She got wetter and wetter and she came one more time, her pussy throbbing snug around him.

He let go. Jenny opened her eyes. Her pussy was a mess, the light hair matted and soaked and creamy. The lips of her snatch glistened and so did her thighs. The floor of the train bathroom was wet and she was shaking and her cheeks were stiff with dried tears. She looked at his cock.

He was grunting and stroking again. His cock was so wet with her and then he moaned. He pushed the head of his dick between her thighs. He let go of his cock and put one hand under her thigh and the other back around her throat and he started to shoot.

Without his hand or her pussy to guide it, his cock pulsed, squirting heavy cum on her legs and dress. It landed hot and ran down the contours of her curves. A rope splashed across her face and seeped down her cheek to her lips, into her mouth and over her chin, running down her neck into the space between her tits.

Then she felt his cum between her legs.

The cum sprayed hot and thick into her cunt. There was too much and a lot of it dripped into a puddle below her. He kept cumming. He left the hair on her mound sticky and her slit white and sticky.

When Tom stopped shooting, he let go of her and sat down on the toilet seat, his cock partially erect and dripping sex fluid. Jenny wiped her eyes and licked her lips. Both of them were breathing hard, too tired to speak.

"Hello? Jenny?" someone said from outside the door as they knocked.

"Fuck," Jenny said. "It's my mom."