 Jill sat down at the computer and noticed that her mother’s screen name was still signed on. 

“Must’ve forgotten to sign off before leaving for work,” Jill muttered to herself. She started to sign her mom off then curiosity got the better of her. 

Jill was 22 years old and her mother 47 years old and they had a wonderful relationship. Jill was a snoop, though, and had looked through her mother's belongings before, as a child sifting through the panty drawer, finding some condoms and other things she wasn’t sure of, and as a teenager, in her mom and dad’s closet, finding a hidden box of adult toys. 

Both times she had been a little shocked, but had found out over time that most people have some hidden part of their lives, and that it often involved sexuality. She knew that she had done things she wouldn’t tell her mom, but that, she figured, was normal.

Now, though, she found herself clicking on her mothers e-mail inbox and reading things she knew she shouldn’t. Everything was pretty tame, friends forwarding jokes, her dad sending some news story he thought was interesting, newsy notes from her grandmother. Jill smiled to herself, chuckling that she thought that she might find something clandestine in her mother’s mail, realizing she knew there was something more to her mother than met the eye. She was about to close out the account when she decided to check the folder of stored e-mails. 

She opened three empty ones, then clicked on the fourth and last folder labeled, “misc”.

It showed four entries, all from the same person, LostBoy. Jill hesitated before opening the first and most recent e-mail, wondering if she wanted to know what these were. There was a moment she knew she should just sign off and walk away. But, being the nosy person she was, one who loved snooping, she went ahead and opened it.

As she read, she gasped, the language of the letter graphic and sexual. It described sexual acts that the writer desired to do with her mother, hardcore sexual acts that made Jill blush and get excited at the same time. Her pussy lips began to swell as she read the intense words. By the time she reached the end of the letter she was breathing so heavily and her heart beating so hard she would have thought she’d just run a mile as fast as she could. The dampness in her crotch was in contrast to the confusion in her head.

Jill wanted to close the account and leave but she couldn’t. She opened each of the other e-mails and read them, her body shaking as the written words slid between her legs and stroked her to a sexual frenzy. The writer was incredibly intense and able to make her feel as if she were performing the described acts as she read. Her body was shaking when she finally finished the last letter. 

Mom! she thought, what is this? Oh my…

Then an Instant Message popped onto the screen. She was startled at the sound, then looked to see who was sending it.

Oh shit, she thought, it’s him!

LostBoy. 

He was asking how she was, Jill saw, not herself, but her mom.

Should I answer? she asked herself.

She didn’t know what to do so she just responded. He came back with a sexual innuendo.

Jill hesitated, then made a decision.

I want to see what’s going on and who this is, she thought. I’ll play along. 

She let him take the lead and mostly just egged him on. He said things to her (to her mom) that made her gasp. Finally, he asked if she were available to meet that afternoon at his apartment. 

Jill thought a moment then decided to plunge forward, not sure what she planned to do with what she was finding out, but feeling the thrill of the discovery and the rush of her adrenaline. She said she could but she needed his phone number, acting as if she had forgotten it. He chastised her and then gave her the number, which Jill knew she could use to find the address.

After he had signed off, Jill pulled up the search engine and punched in his phone number. In a few seconds it came back with a name and an address. Jill recognized the apartment complex and wrote down the number of the apartment, and the man’s name.

Mike Bell.

She had two hours before the agreed upon time would arrive, time in which she had to decide what she was going to do. In her heart she had already decided to go and at least see what the guy looked like. Beyond that she wasn’t sure.

Mom! she thought again, having an affair! And doing things I never imagined… 

She let the thought drop there.

Jill drove to the apartment complex, walked around until she found the right apartment, then went back and moved her car over where she could see if anyone came in or out. There was still some doubt about what she intended to do when the time arrived but Jill felt she needed to do something. Her body was still filled with the rush of snooping and playing the game of deception, and with the effects of the words of LostBoy, Mike Bell had written to and about her mother. Her panties were damp and she felt her nipples harden at the remembrance of some of the things he described. She was breathing heavily when she saw a car pull up in front of the apartment. A man sat there for a moment and then got out.

Jill raised her eyebrows at the sight of the man. He was over six feet tall, closed crop brown hair, and looked strong, filling out the shirt as well as the blue jeans that he wore.

Damn, she thought, he’s big.

She watched him look around as if he sensed her watching him, his eyes settling on her and her car, looking just long enough to make her feel uncomfortable. Then he was locking his car and walking to his apartment door, glancing once more around the parking lot before entering.

Jill realized she had been holding her breath, let it out and looked down at her watch.

I’ve got ten minutes, she said to herself.

Her mind seemed to freeze for a moment, unable to process the information she had, unable to decide what it was that she planned to do with what she had discovered.

Finally, she made up her mind to confront the man, and her mother if necessary, letting them know she had found out about them and…

Jill stopped there. 

…and what? she asked herself. What do I want from this? For them to stop or I’ll tell Dad? That could be devastating. Shit, I don’t know! Maybe I should just leave and let mom and LostBoy go their way. 

She knew she wasn’t going to do that so she decided to go knock on the door, tell Mike Bell who she was and then go from there.

Glancing down at her watch she saw that it was time.

Gathering her courage, she opened the car door, walked over to the apartment, took a deep breath and knocked. 

She heard movement and then the door opened. The big man standing before her looked a bit puzzled. 

“Uh, may I help you?” he asked, his voice very mellow.

Jill stood for a moment looking into the man’s blue eyes, feeling some strange type of reaction, as if she had forgotten who she was.

“Yes… yes you can.” Jill finally responded, her stomach knotting as she did. “May I come in?”

“Well, I’m kinda expecting some company, so I’d rather you tell me what you need and I’ll see what I can do.” He said, not rudely, as she had expected, but in a way that let her know he was in a hurry.

Jill’s face felt hot as she forced the words out of her mouth. “I’m who you are expecting.”

Mike Bell looked at her for a moment, his head shaking, then his eyes widening suddenly.

“Oh shit,” he said “You’re Dana’s daughter, Jill.” It was his turn to blush, as he realized he said something out loud he shouldn’t have.

“Yes, I am.” Jill said with a bit too much force, as she saw his eyes harden and flare at her tone. “That was me you spoke with online this morning. I think we need to talk.”

Mike Bell shook his head again, although Jill couldn’t tell if it was in a negative response to her statement or in disgust with the situation. He didn’t move from the doorway and there was no way she was going to try to step inside without an invitation.


“Hey, look…” he started, “Maybe you better just go talk with Dana, your mom, and tell her what happened. I…”

“I’m here. We might as well talk first. Maybe that’ll be all that’s needed. Maybe I won’t need to talk to mom.” Jill said the words without thinking, wondering if she meant them.

Mike Bell tilted his head to one side, as if weighing her response. 

“Hmmm. Okay, but I think it would be best if you talked with her first.” He stood to the side and extended his arm in a gesture of invitation.

Jill went inside, looked around, saw the family room to her right and went towards it. Hearing the door shut behind her made her realize she had taken the plunge. Now she would have to decide just what it was she was trying to accomplish.

He motioned her to sit down on a couch across from his entertainment center while he took a chair across from her.

He sat down and just looked at her, saying nothing.

“Well, Mr. Bell, or would you prefer, LostBoy?” she said in a jabbing sort of way.

The big man smiled. “Whatever you want to call me is fine with me,” he said calmly.

Again he waited for her to continue.

“I read what you wrote to my mom. Those were…” she began, then hesitated as she found no words to describe what she had read.

“So, you read your mom’s private mail. Pretended to be her with me. Let’s see, that is pretty invasive if you ask me,” Mike Bell said, not in such an accusatory tone as one that was stating facts. Jill found herself looking at him hard, really seeing him. She saw that he was handsome, in a hard way, his features not chiseled but blocked off. His body was big, and from what she could tell, mostly muscular. But it was his eyes that got her attention. They were deep and alive, as if some being lived within them. Jill stared into them as he spoke, feeling her body begin to stir again. She shook herself.

“No, you’re not gonna turn this around and make it as if I’m doing something wrong.” She said strongly, feeling embarrassed at her reaction to the man across from her.

“You and mom are the ones who are…” Jill hesitated again, not sure what term she wanted to use. She watched the big man raise an eyebrow in response to what she had said, waiting for her to finish. “… who are doing something you shouldn’t do. You…”

“ And what exactly are we doing? Huh? Do you know what we’re doing? You read my writings. Tell me what it is that we shouldn’t be doing.” Mike Bell spoke firmly and with a hard edge to his voice.

“Well, you’re committing adultery, cheating on my dad, and you’re…” the words evaded her again.

“As I said before, this is something you should take up with your mom. I’m not cheating on anyone, but I understand how you have a problem with that.” He said as he got to his feet. “So, why don’t I just call your mom and tell her you came by and that you need to talk to her? You can explain how you got this information and tell her what you think of her activity.”

Jill hesitated. “No... uh, I mean, don’t call her just yet.” She found herself feeling defensive. She decided to attack. “I think you’re the one who seduced my mom and got her to do all those things you wrote about, if she did even do them. She would never think of those on her own. She’s not…”

Mike Bell was laughing, shaking his head as he chuckled. “Oh my, you are naïve. You need to get into the real world. But, if you need to believe that then go ahead. But, let me tell you that your mother is one helluva horny lady, and open to almost anything. You can believe what you need to but do so on your own time.” 

He was walking to the door. 

“Wait,” Jill said. “Just tell me how you met her.” She was scrambling for some reason to keep the conversation going, not sure why she was doing so.

Mike Bell stopped in front of the door and turned back to her. 

“You really want to know? You sure?” He asked, waiting for her reply.

“Yes, of course I do.” Jill said after a moment.

“Well, she responded to an ad I placed online. We exchanged e-mails, met twice for lunch then…” He said, looking at her as if wondering how much he really wanted to say.

“What kind of ad? I mean, for work or something?” Jill asked.

“Damn, you either are naïve or stupid. You ever spend much time online? You know what the Internet is mostly used for, hooking up. Sex, my dear. My ad was placed on a site for people who are looking for sex. Your mom was one of dozens who responded. And the only one that went beyond meeting for lunch.” Mike Bell had his hands on his hips as he finished.

Jill sat quietly for a minute. She might have guessed as much except that her mom was a regular at church and seemed to be pretty conservative about sex, even within the confines of marriage.

“You’re lying,” she said, not sure if she believed her own words.

Mike Bell shook his head in disgust. “Look, time for you to go see mama and ask her yourself. You’ve snooped around and found this much so you might as well go the rest of the way. I’ve told you the truth. Now, time to go.”

“Why are you trying to make my mom look like she was the one who initiated this? How long have you known her?” Jill spouted the questions quickly.

“Damn, you are her daughter. Tenacious and hard-headed. Okay, look, I’ve known your mom for almost six years. She was the one who responded to my ad. Although you might say I went first by placing the ad. Whatever makes you feel better. What else do you want? You came here hoping for something. What exactly is that?” He asked, walking back over to where she sat, towering over her. Jill found herself eye level with his crotch, and noticed that it bulged as if packed with socks.

“I… want proof… before I confront mom… proof that you’re not just lying to me.” 

Mike Bell looked as if he was going to hit her, his hands clenched in frustration, his brow furrowed.

“Goddammit, you want proof, I’ll give you proof. But, you’re gonna sit here through the entire thing. You understand?” He said in a low voice that carried in tone what it lacked in volume.

Jill nodded, unable to speak.

“Wait right there,” he growled and headed off down the hallway to their left. When he returned he had 3 video tapes in his hand. Jill wondered what he was doing.

“What…?” she asked.

“You wanted proof, you’re gonna get proof.” He said, turning on the TV and pushing some buttons before slipping one of the cassettes into the VCR. He turned to her and looked at her hard. “You’re gonna sit through one whole tape, maybe two, and that means a couple of hours. You got that?” 

Jill nodded not sure why that was important.

“What’s on the tapes?” She asked. 

“Your proof,” Mike Bell said and turned and pushed the play button.

Jill watched the big man walk over and sit on the other end of the couch from her, the she turned her attention to the television.

There was a view of a hotel room, obvious from the bed and the wall lamps as the person using the camera tried to get it positioned. She heard a voice, her mothers!

Then, a face appeared on the screen. It was her mom. She was talking to the camera, talking actually to Mike Bell, or so Jill assumed since her mom said Mike. She was telling how she was ready for him to get there, ready for him to do to her all the things they had talked about doing. 

Her mom stepped back from the camera and began to undress. all the time talking about how she wanted Mike’s big cock and how she was ready for him to eat her and fuck her. Jill looked away, not wanting to see her mother naked.

“No…” Mike said, reaching over and turning her head back towards the screen. “You’re gonna watch every minute. You wanted proof.”

Jill shook her head. “No, I don’t need to see this. I’m gonna leave.”

Mike Bell stood up. “No, you’re not gonna leave. You’re going to watch every minute of this tape if I have to tie you up. You invaded my life… now take what you have coming.”

Jill felt the power of his words. She knew he would restrain her if she tried to leave.

“Now watch…” he said, sitting down.

Jill looked at the screen, seeing her mother now in her underwear, a body that was in great shape for her age. Big tits, flat stomach and an ass that Jill recognized as shaped just like her own. She was impressed with her mother’s physical condition. Her mom was talking again, telling how she was going to ride Mike’s cock and suck on his huge balls and do all sorts of things to his body.

Then, she went over off screen and came back with a canvas bag, set it on the bed and opened it. Jill watched in disbelief as her mother started pulling out dildos and vibrators and then all sorts of bondage and restraint devices. Her mother held up each one and made some comment about what she wanted to do with it and how much she had enjoyed using it before.

Jill felt her head spin.

Mike Bell had told her the truth. Her mother was as much into this stuff as LostBoy had written. She found herself feeling weird, her mind and body getting into depth of what her mother was saying. 

Finally, there was a knock on the door, and Jill saw her mother’s face light up like a neon sign. There was no doubt about how she felt about what she was anticipating.

Off screen she heard muffled voices and an obvious groan. Then the voices were clearer and she knew that the man sitting next to her would soon be on the screen. His voice was distinctive enough.

Then they both appeared on the screen, both smiling lustful smiles. As she watched, Jill saw her mom and Mike Bell kiss passionately and begin touching each other like they had been doing it forever. Her mom grabbed his crotch as he slid a hand down into her panties. Both of them groaned. Then her mom broke away and told him to pull of his shirt as she dropped to her knees and began to unbutton his jeans. Jill was mesmerized. 

Her mom looked like a hungry animal, wanting to get at the food as quickly as she could.

Jill felt her own body becoming aroused in anticipation of seeing Mike’s naked body. She tried to fight the feeling but it kept growing as her mother got off his jeans and then began to pull down his boxers. Jill could see a huge bulge in the front of them. She licked her lips as her mother groaned loudly and pulled them down slowly.

When Mike’s cock sprang free she gasped out loud.

It was huge! Bigger than any she’d seen!

It jutted from his hips, heavy and long, still not fully hard. It had to be ten or more inches long.

Her mother threw the boxers to the side and then just sat and gawked at the huge piece of meat hanging in front of her. Jill was gawking too, unable to believe that this man had a cock like that. When her mother reached out and lifted the heavy cock, exposing what was underneath, Jill groaned. 

His balls were enormous, hanging down from the base of his shaft like two plums in a big flesh sack. The sack had to be almost six inches long and holding what were two huge balls. She watched her mother begin to pull and stretch them, lifting them finally to her mouth and taking each one in, one at a time, sucking and licking them until they were slick with saliva. Her eyes were glazed over as she ate this man’s giant balls, moaning like a bitch in heat. Jill watched as her mom ate those balls for what seemed like an hour, rubbing them on her face as she devoured them over and over. Finally her mother moved from his balls to his cock, sucking the huge head, licking what looked like a river of pre-cum dripping from his slit. 

It was overwhelming for Jill to see her mom doing what she was doing on the tape. Sucking and licking this man’s long cock, gripping it with both hands, taking it down her throat like she was some sort of porn star. There was no denying that her mother was as into the action as Mike Bell was. No denying she was wanting it, taking on this hunk of a man with all her being. Jill knew, as she watched her mother rise to her feet and tell Mike that she wanted to ride him, that what the man had told her was true and that her mother was way beyond anything she had imagined. 
