 This is a story about doctors and nurses, and a few other people. It is a long story, a complicated story and a fucking horny story, even if I do say so myself. It was horny to me writing it and I hope it will be as horny for you reading it.

I am planning to present the story to Lit in a series of parts over the next few months, so you will have something to read as we go through autumn. I wonder how far we will have got before winter sets in?

If you have come straight to this part, I would strongly suggest you read Part 1 first.

The story revolves around sex in many forms. The theme of it is how a doctor treats people who are, in one way or another, sexually dysfunctional, so on one level it is a medical story. All the characters in the story who are not his patients, however, are as equally sexually dysfunctional somehow, so on another level it is pure erotica. On yet another level the story looks at how clothing promotes, influences, affects and conditions sexual behaviour; there are lots of descriptions of sexy nurses uniforms and ladies panties.

I really hope you enjoy what may well be my magnum opus and possibly my last submission to Literotica. Do let me know won't you?

Chapter 1

"Hello," Sammi said to the male receptionist at the ultra smart, small hospital in Bedford's Way just off Harley Street. "I am here to see Mr Mike Stevens, it is mister and not doctor isn't it?"

"Please take a seat; I will let his office know you are here, your name please? Yes he's far above being a mere doctor, but I'm never quite sure about these bullshit medical terms," he said flashing a set of amazingly white teeth at Sammi.

"Sammi, Sammi Cannock, well nurse Cannock I suppose," she replied.

"You have an appointment, I assume?" the dusky skinned, outrageously good looking guy said.

"Yes, I have my agency papers, and was asked to meet him here this morning," 

"Wonderful, my name is Cal, and if you have any questions while you are here, I'm the one to ask," Cal said looking Sammi up and down, rather flirtatiously and, in many ways, probably inappropriately, but nevertheless quite flatteringly. 

As Sammi learned later, this was quite a common occurrence for Cal. He was of Pakistan background and came from a moneyed family. He liked to think, not unjustifiably either, that he looked like Imran Khan, when he was younger of course. He was very lazy and thus disappointed his family considerably by being a receptionist. To him, though, it was fine, for it meant he didn't start that early, thus enabling him to going clubbing several night s a week, and he met an almost endless stream of young women. And they were his total passion in life, he lived to fuck and fucked to live, he often told his mates and sometimes the nurses he was trying to conquer as well.

"Mr Stevens will be VERY pleased to see YOU" he replied, the emphasis not lost on Sammi, although it did rather surprised her for nothing like this happened in the NHS; they never had cool, dishy, young male receptionists.

Cal had arranged the chairs in the waiting area so that wherever any of the nurses sat, he would be able to see their legs. Not only was he a real player, but he also was an avid voyeur. His day was made when a girl leaned forward a little too much and he caught a glimpse of her bra. It was equally made when sometimes he would see the top of a uniform, perhaps a blouse, stretched tight across a pair of full breasts so that he saw the outline of a hardened nipple. But mostly it was made, as it was being made now by looking at the girls' legs, as he was looking at Sammi's legs, as he was looking up her skirt that had slithered up her thighs as she sat. She had good legs and like all of the nurses from La Crème she was wearing white tights, or stockings, Cal was pondering as he thought how attractive all the girls seemed to be that came from that nursing agency. They were always better looking, with nicer figures and a sexier appearance than most of the nurses and technicians from other agencies; not once had he seen a dumpy, ugly or plain La Crème nurse and he often wondered why.

The door beside Cal opened and out strode a tall man who Sammi assumed was the consultant. He was dressed in an immaculate navy suit and a pink shirt with gold cufflinks and a silk, blue and pink tie, striped tie. He was gorgeous and relaxed yet so sophisticated.

Cal stood up and walked over to him. Sammi was surprised at how familiar he was.

"Hi Mike, this is Sammi. Nurse Cannock, this is Mr Stevens."

"Hi, nice to meet you", he said in a pleasant, nicely modulated voice that had a touch of poshness about it, but not offensively so like, for instance, Prince Charles. He held his hand out.

"Oh hi, yes thanks, yes thank you, nice to meet you too," Sammi bumbled back, rather hurriedly and a little breathlessly. She was always shy when meeting people for the first time, particularly men, particularly attractive men, particularly older men and particularly doctors. And Mike Stevens was all of those. And on top of that his piercing blue eyes seemed to simply bore into hers as the soft, smooth skin of his hand shook hers.

Standing up, holding her handbag, briefcase and introduction folder and putting down her cup of coffee and The Independent newspaper, Sammi was flustered and dropped the paper. It hit the table and knocked over the cup that Sammi bent down to try to catch.

"Oh God, I'm sorry," she stammered as the coffee drained across the glass table soaking into the other newspapers. Cal rushed over with paper towels and mopping the coffee up he was rewarded with a great view down the front of the tight, white coat that was the hallmark of nurses from La Crème.

"Fuck me, she's got smashing tits and a lovely white lace bra," he said to himself looking up at Mr Stevens and smiling for he saw that he too had seen exactly what Cal had. 

"Don't worry Sammi," Cal said.

"Thanks a lot Cal, I really am sorry to put you to such bother."

"No problem, you can repay me later," he grinned running his gaze very obviously up and down the blonde nurse's body. "Any way you like actually."

Sammi couldn't help smiling at the kid's, as she thought of him for she rarely dated anyone under thirty, bottle, but didn't respond for Mr Stevens had moved across and was standing right next to her and Cal.

They both looked at her. She stared back from one to the other not knowing what to do or think. She bent down again to collect her stuff that she had dropped onto the chair when she spilt the coffee. She could feel the boy's and the man's eyes on her. The boy's down her top, the man's at her bottom. The boy's on her tits, the man's on her arse. The boy's seeing her new white M & S bra, the man seeing the outline of her ultra thin, newly bought, Lejaby thong. 

Although it was probably only for seconds, it seemed an age that she was between them being inspected, almost roasted, she thought. It made her feel on edge. She couldn't understand why, but it also aroused her. It made her warm, well hot really, she knew she would be blushing; she always did when she was turned on. Lurid thoughts, for some reason were shooting through her mind at an incredibly fast pace.

Her coat was off.

She wasn't wearing a bra or a thong under it, just white hold-ups.

Mike S was behind her, Cal in front. She was leaning back against the Doctor. Cal was playing with her tits. Just as if adjusting the dials on a radio, she smiled, acknowledging his enthusiasm, but relishing his loveliness as she gazed at his dusky, naked body and huge, stiff cock that he had pressed into her hand.

She wiggled her bum and the older man pressed forward so that her back rubbed against his chest. That was nice. It was nicer though when his equally hard and probably just as long, but less thick cock than Cal's, nestled between the cheeks of her bum.

"I'm so glad you have turned up, we have a lot to get through today, our last nurse let us down badly, that's why we switched agencies, come in lets have a quick chat." The doctor said drawing Sammi away from her reveries.

As Cal tidied up the table and Sammi followed the doctor, she had a quick glance down at her chest. She felt tremendous relief when there were no lumps or signs of her nipples hardening. That was something that embarrassed her so often that she had given half-serious thought to getting advice as to why hers were seemingly so much more sensitive and reactive than other girls. Luckily, they were behaving themselves today she thought.

She followed him into a sumptuous office, if you could call it that. It was more like a suite. In front of floor to ceiling, large bay window sat a huge, glass topped desk with brushed aluminium legs behind which was black leather, very modern. In front of the desk were two less ostentatious chairs, presumably for patients.

Off to one side there was a couch and a couple of easy chairs, around a coffee table, and to the other, a screen that only partially hid an examining table with an array of instruments to one side. On the cursory glance she was able to give as she walked across the room, Sammi was surprised to count four PCs, littered around the room. The walls were bedecked with paintings, some of which Sammi seemed to recall from her art teachings at school.

The overall style was modern minimalist. Everything was in browns, golds and charcoals. The look was expensive, leading edge, high tech, yet relaxing and comfortable.

"Take a seat Sammi," he said pointing to one of the chairs in front of the desk

Mike chose to perch himself on the edge of the desk in front of Sammi, rather than taking the 

more formal seat behind it. Surveying the young blonde in front of him, he was impressed. She looked every bit as good as La Crème had promised. He was pleased he had changed agencies. Emma was clearly as professional as she was persuasive. Although he had met her several times in connection with the new clinic, he hadn't used her agency until now, but he had heard good things about it. They had, so they claimed and the references he had taken up on the phone, confirmed, a unique approach to nurse sourcing, as they termed it. An approach Emma had described, as she sat exactly where Sammi was, that was in keeping with today's sophisticated and assuring top of the range health care industry, one that dispensed with the badly dressed, poorly presented, traditional nurse. One that provided the brightest, the most sophisticated, the most attractive and, simply the best, Consultants' Assistants that there was in the country. 

Mike remembered very clearly how Emma, leaning forward and reaching her hand out to shake his, when he confirmed that he would use La Crème for his vacancy, displayed her deep cleavage and a goodly proportion of her nicely, full breasts had breathed. "I promise you won't be disappointed in me Mike."

And so far he wasn't. Sammi was gorgeous, her qualifications and references were outstanding, she looked polished, although perhaps a little clumsy, she was clearly stylish, educated, erudite and keen to do well and she had one of the nicest arses he had seen for ages

The nurse's dress had a lot of style, although Mike was slightly concerned on, how could he describe it, how modernly revealing it was. It showed Sammi's curves off to perfection, and Mike could see that she was not wearing a lot underneath. Probably just the minimum, he thought, his mind wandering back to the outline of the tiny thong and the stocking tops he had seen when she had bent over in the reception area. He wondered if all the Assistants looked like Sammi and dressed as she did, concluding that they must and that they had to be coached by La Crème to do that. He wondered how Emma did that and would loved to have been at one of the coaching sessions

Years of examining young women, well any aged women really, had given Mike the skill to read a woman's curves. He was pretty sure that Sammi was wearing expensive, ultra thin lingerie that was designed to "vanish" to give the appearance of the wearer being naked under their outer garments. As his gaze swept discretely, but not so much that the younger woman didn't notice it, over her body, he concluded that the lingerie had achieved its objective. 

Perched on the desk, one foot on the ground, the other off the floor, his legs open, Mike looked at Sammi. In his mind the coat had gone and indeed she was naked under it for he could see her pert, 33b, he guessed boobs, her flat tummy and the merest whisps of tawny pubic hair on her prominent pubic mound. He felt that slight itchiness in his balls that was the forerunner and the clear indication of an impending erection.

"Sammi, I very much appreciate you being on time, our first patient is at 9am so we have a little time for me to introduce you to our clinic" Mike continued, "and in front of patients please call me Doctor, although I'm quite happy for you to call me Mike after hours, and I'll do likewise, Nurse, if that's ok, Sammi?". 

Mike looked down and smiled. Sammi looked a little nervous but then that was to be expected on her first day.

"Yes of course Doctor." The nurse replied, but then with an impish grin added, "And Mike."

"You know that I am a psychiatrist dealing with people that are troubled with neuroses that are often very deep rooted."

"Yes I do doctor and I specialised in psychiatry in my final year. I got a distinction, preferring that to obstetrics."

"Hmmm, right, good, that's great," Mike flustered, his mind more drawn to her distinctive tits than exam attainments. 

"I am of the Freud school rather than Jung, if that means much to you nurse."

"So you are more into psychoanalysis and delving deep into their backgrounds?"

"Yes, good, that's correct."

"And you believe that many, or even most neuroses are based on sexual difficulties."

"I see why you got a distinction, well done, that's precisely the way I practice. I need you to understand that Sammi, for you will be in the treatment room with me with every patient and you will hear some pretty lurid stuff from both men and women."

"I'm sure that won't be a problem."

"I do have to warn you though, that under some drugs that we need to administer to free up some peoples' minds, they do get rather excitable and imaginative and I must tell you that is why I need to have an attractive nurse."

"I don't understand."

"No I guess you don't, sorry. Let me be blunt, ok?"

Sammi had no idea what was coming next, but the more time she spent with him, despite the topic being rather intimate the more relaxed she felt. That, though, was quite the opposite with Mike, for the longer he was perched there, his leg dangling, his cock hardening, the more bizarre became his thoughts about his stunning young nurse. 

In simple terms, he fancied her like hell and wanted to fuck her. To fuck her right here and now. And that was so unlike him. Although he was as virile and up for sex as most men, well actually more than most if he were honest, which he wasn't very often as far as sex was concerned, he had always been able to restrict those feelings and those sort of activities, to outside his work. He'd never had any sort of relationship with a colleague and although he had been unfaithful many times to Claire, his long-term lawyer partner, and suspected that she also had her flings, they now lived like a happily married couple.

"Some of them under the influence of the drugs may well have thoughts about you."

"How do you mean?"

"Well they might imagine that you are their partner now or in the past and, of course, they might well fancy you and talk in that vein when under sedation."

Sammi looked into his eyes and felt a little jerk. Well two actually that rapidly became more. The first was in her chest, she avoided acknowledging heart, the second was in her pussy and from there it rapidly spread through her breasts and body. Then she did know that her nipples were, as usual, reacting. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," she thought, hunching her chest a bit hoping to avoid them showing.

"I'm sure we'll cope Doctor."

By now Sammi was starting to feel relaxed and was appraising Mike in a bit more detail. He was handsome, warm, looked pretty fit for his age, which she put in his mid, even maybe late, forties, had lovely blue eyes that looked deep inside you and beautiful hands. Sammi couldn't recall noting a man's hands before, but they were well proportioned, elegant, strong and well manicured. It didn't help those jerks, the warmth rushing through her body or the hardening of her nipples when she imagined those beautiful hands on her small breasts.

He was dressed well, and his accoutrements were all of the highest quality. The suit, shirt and shoes were all expensive, maybe bespoke, and his aftershave smelled, sexy and exclusive and screamed, "I'm pricey!" Overall, he gave off an air of assured and relaxed confidence and maturity. What he didn't know was that Sammi had a thing about older guys, and she had noted the lack of a wedding ring.

'Hmmm, maybe he's not attached' thought Sammi. Her thoughts beginning to wander but were drawn back by Mike's continuation.

"We run a clinic for people who are, in one way or another, dysfunctional, or at least they feel they could be. They have difficulty coping with the real world and many live in a fantasy one," he was saying, but thinking "yes a fantasy one where a forty-five year old doctor can rip the clothes off his twenty-four year old nurse and fuck her across his desk, between patients, or with them looking on come to that.

With a struggle he went on. 

"But we also help people discover ways of coping and adjusting, we give them techniques that they can then take back into their relationships." He paused before, almost, but not quite adding, "Like I would like to take you into my relationship and fuck you as you suck Clair's big tits."

Sammi saw him struggle to form his words and wondered just what was going on in his head. She had tried to avoid looking at Mike's crotch, but as it was only a few feet from her face, was level with her mouth and it did seem to be staring right at her, that was impossible. 

"Was that really his erection developing?" She asked herself, several times.

"Most of our patients are women and aged between 35 and fifty, although we do also take men, but they generally seem to be more reluctant to discuss such personal matters. As I said many, and I am afraid to say, especially my female patients can be rather dramatic and overact, so I need you in addition to your assistant duties to act as a chaperone."

"Really?"

"Yes, absolutely."

"Why?"

"Well practically every consultant psychiatrist regularly gets accused of unprofessional conduct." Mike paused before adding. "With women, I'm sure you understand, Sammi."

"Oh I see," Sammi replied, half hoping that he would get up to some unprofessional conduct with her.

"I will apprise you of each case before we start and any history there is of making such allegations, you see many of these ultra rich women have been under treatment by other psychiatrists for years."

"Right," Sammi offered, not knowing quite what right meant in the context she had just used it.

"Let me just explain how I like to work. OK?"

"Of course."

"Each morning we will have a meeting and review the day's cases, perhaps over coffee and a croissant, or whatever, we have full kitchen facilities here. And by the way you can have whatever meals you want, a perk of the job, I often eat dinner here and if you wish you can join me for I like to run through the day before we finish. Is that ok?"

"Yes of course it is."

Mike smiled at her, making her knees feel wobbly and her tits go hot. 

"Emma did advise you of the hours didn't she?"

"She said they would usually be long."
