 This is the second story in 'The Nymphs' series of stories. Of course names and place have been changed to protect the not-so-innocent.

Please note, the events depicted occur in Australia hence some of the unusual terminology for 'overseas readers'. Comments and suggestions are always gratefully received.

Copyright SBarak1 2017.

#####

I woke up slowly, just a sheet over me. I had slept well and had great sex last night with the Nymphs, Debby and Emily, not to mention what we had got up to the previous afternoon. I was in that zone between sleep and waking feeling a bit dopey yet satisfied. I became aware of one of the Nymphs sitting on the end of my bed watching the TV. I heard noises from the kitchen. I looked across at the bedside clock showing 7:02am. My head slowly cleared. I was aware my cock was hard. 'Morning wood' I thought to myself. I reached down. I felt a little tender. Not surprising, consider the work out my cock has been given by these two fucking horny nymphs.

I propped my head up. I saw Emily, naked, sitting cross legged on the end of the bed looking at pictures from my photo galleries, on the TV. I just hoped that my security passwords were in place. I wouldn't want her to find something she shouldn't. As I focused on the screen I could see her go into a folder called 'Professional Pictures'. There were 3 sub-folders. She clicked on the one called 'Cynthia'. Displayed across the screen were all the unedited shots of my first 'sort of' professional shoot. These were a variety of shots of a serious looking women dressed in various corporate attire.

"Morning Em," I said in a drowsy voice. 

"Well good morning to you", said Em. "Finally decided to wake up have you." She put the remote down and crawled over to me.

"Where's Deb?" I asked. 

"She's downstairs getting breakfast for us," she replied. "Said something about keeping you fed and your strength up."

I grinned and felt Em's nipples brush across my shoulder as she pulled back the top sheet.

"You're hard again," stated Em, as I rolled onto my back.

"Morning wood," I said as I grinned at her.

She reached down and ran her fingers down my hard cock. "I like this 'morning wood'," she whispered in my ear and gave me little kiss on my temple.

Em then shuffled around the bed and next I felt her hand wrap around the base of my cock and the tip of her tongue started to explore. She delicately ran her tongue around the bottom edge of the head of my cock and gave me a few light nibbles.

I'm enjoying the attention of Em's tongue when Deb walked into the room wearing one of my old stretched tee-shirts. She's was carrying a tray with 3 plates covered in scrambled eggs and bacon pieces on toast along with 3 tall glasses of orange juice.

"OK you two it's time for breakfast in bed," said Deb. 

Em let go of me, with a disappointed look, so I could then sit up, pull up the sheet and arrange the pillows so we could all sit on the bed. Deb handed Em and me a plate and a fork each and put the 3 glasses of juice on the bed-side table. We then arranged ourselves to all sit across the bed and enjoy the breakfast Deb had prepared.

"Who's that?" asked Deb looking at the TV screen. On the screen was a picture of a woman dressed in conservative corporate clothing, obviously in my photographic studio, looking straight at the camera.

"That's Cynthia," I said, pointing at the screen with my fork

"Who's Cynthia?" asked Em, looking at me.

I explained the story about my first 'sort of' professional photo shoot up to the point of taking these photos. How a friend of mine lined me up with Cynthia to do a last minute photo shoot. I wasn't fully prepared however relented after my friend badgered me into doing him a favour.

Em then picked up the remote and continued to scroll through the shots. At the bottom of the screen she located a folder marked 'Private'.

"What's this then?" asked Em, as she clicked on it. 

"It says private Em," stated Deb. "Perhaps you're not meant to open it." 

A password prompt appeared on the screen. 

"Don't be silly," replied Em as she looked at me.

I could see her thinking about possible passwords. With that she pressed the keyboard button on the remote and proceeded to tap out 'Cynthia'. The password wasn't accepted. Em looked at me again. I could have almost heard the cogs whirring in her head. She keyed in 'boobs'. Before I realised it thumbnails start displaying across the screen of Cynthia in various stages of undress in my studio. 'Shit!' I thought as I tried to reach across and grab the remote control without my breakfast flying across the room.

"C'mon Em," I implored her.

She just held the remote away from me playfully.

"Emily, I think you need to give me that remote control now," I said in as serious a voice as I could muster.

"Nope, I wanna look," said Emily with a playful look in her eyes.

"If that's the way you want to play it, then be prepared for the consequences," I replied with a slightly menacing tone to my voice.

"Looks like we aren't the only ones who have been naked in your studio Alan. Gee she's got nice boobs," said Em excitedly, not really paying attention to my warning. 

Em proceeded to scroll down as Cynthia got progressively undressed. 

"I like her lingerie, she's got a really nice ass, - beautiful pussy," Em kept up her commentary.

By now Deb had become interested. I handed my plate to Deb who put it on the floor. We had finished our breakfast and the two nymphs were transfixed by the woman on the screen. 

"By the way she has her legs spread, in that last shot, and her pussy is glistening, she wants more", commented Em. "Hmmm, looks like that's the last shot. Are there anymore?" she asked as she looked at me disappointedly.

I shook my head. "Nope that's the lot."

Deb looked at me and slid her hand down over my stomach and firmly grasped the base of my semi-rigid cock. "Did you give her more Alan?" she asked.

I looked at the nymphs and thought, if we have come this far I might as well tell them the whole story.

"Yep, I gave her more and then some. We fucked for hours," I replied.

"Tell us in every detail how you fucked her Alan" asked Deb, with that mesmerizing tone to her voice.

I went on to describe how I took my clothes off and surprised Cynthia with my hard cock in front of the camera. How we then went to the guest room and I ate out her pussy and proceeded to fuck her. How she had big delicious boobs with sensitive hard nipples. I told them about my big cum all over her, showering and then continuing to fuck every which way for the next 4 hours before we dozed off. I finished the story with Cynthia leaving at about 3am to go home and get ready to fly out on her business trip a few hours later. The nymph's were enthralled by my story. Both of them had closed their eyes, laid back and were slowly fingering their clits. Deb was slowly stroking my hard cock with her other hand.

I couldn't believe how easy it was to get the nymph's so worked up. I was thinking how to pleasure the girls more when I had an idea. I slowly sat up and removed Deb's hand from my cock and slide off the end of the bed. They both looked at me questioningly as I went into the ensuite bathroom and got a bottle of body moisturizer lotion. As I shook it, I walked back to the bed and noticed there wasn't a lot left. I knelt on the bed behind Deb, put lotion on my hands, warmed it up and slowly start to rub it on Deb's back. 

"Hmmmmm," said Deb, as she turned and lay flat on her front. Em propped herself up on her elbow and watched as I started massaging the lotion in to Deb's neck and shoulders. 

"That feels wonderful," Deb said in a dreamy voice as I worked my way down each arm to her finger tips. After working the lotion into each finger I then returned to the top of her back. Applying more lotion I worked my way down Deb's back to her nicely rounded ass. I spent a little extra time massaging the lotion into her ass and then moved down each leg particularly working her calf muscles. I rubbed lotion into her feet and then worked it into each toe. I ran my hands up her body and give Deb's neck a final rub. Deb got the hint and rolled over before I needed to say anything. I continued to apply and massage lotion into Deb's neck and then down each arm. I return to her neck and then worked my way down to her beautiful breasts. I massaged each breast gently in turn giving her nipples a kiss as I went. 

"Hmmmm, yummy, I'm starting to tingle," said Deb. 

Em reached over and ran her fingers around Deb's nipples as I continue to massage lotion into her stomach and down to her thighs. Em leant over and sniffed the side of Deb breast. 

"This body lotion smells fantastic. What is it?" Em asked. 

"Ah," I replied. "Secret supply." I continue to work my way down Debs shapely legs. 

After massaging more lotion into Deb's feet I ran my hands up the insides of her legs then her thighs. She spread her legs. I finish by gently rubbing lotion around her pussy. 

"Thank you," said Deb. "That feels wonderful I'm gently tingling all over. It feels wonderful."

"Yes, its' special stuff. OK Em, your turn," I replied.

I got off the bed and moved around to Emily's side. She lay on her front as I positioned myself and warmed up some more lotion on my hands. As with Deb, I started at Em's neck. Deb rolled on to her side to watch. I then went through the same massage process with Em. 

I finished up asking Em, "How does that feel?" 

"It feels delicious. Thank you. I'm tingling too," said Em. 

"Now I want both of you to relax and just lay there together and enjoy the sensation". I stood up and pulled the top sheet over them. The Nymphs moved closer to each other to cuddle. I grabbed some clothes and left the room.

I went downstairs, got dressed and made myself a coffee. I went through the list of things going through my head of what I wanted to do today. First on my list was emails. I went to my study and set to work. An hour or so later I looked up and realised it was late morning. I thought I had better look in on the Nymph, so I headed upstairs to my bedroom. As I walked in I could see they hadn't moved. 

Em opened an eye. "Hi," she said in a sleepy voice.

Deb started to stir. I stripped off my clothes, pull back the sheet and climb into bed between them. 

"Enjoy your snooze?" I asked both of them as I snuggle in.

Deb draped her arm across my chest and said, "Dreamy. Feels like I'm still tingling a bit." 

By now Em had her hand on my thigh and said, "I feel so relaxed. What time is it?" 

I looked down at the two Nymphs who were now cuddling in beside me again. "It's late morning."

Deb replied, "I s'pose we had better get up."

"No rush," I said, as I was enjoying laying between them. 

"I liked that story about your night with Cynthia," said Em, now running her fingers up and down my inner thigh and describing small circles with the tip of a finger on my balls. 

"Yeah, I like the way you told it. You know, the way you describe it. Have you ever thought of writing your stories down?" asked Deb, as she ran her fingers over my chest, then my nipples. 

"Not something I have really thought about," I replied, thinking about what it might be like to write an erotic story. 

By now Deb was running her hands over her own thigh. "My skin feels so soft. How's yours Em?" she asked. 

I look across to see Em feeling her own breasts. "My boobs are silky smooth Deb," said Em. 

"You will have to tell me where you get that lotion," said Deb. I smiled as I thought about who gave it to me.

Em suddenly sat up her eyes wide open and said, "Can we meet Cynthia?"

I looked at her and thought I'm sure they are ready for Cynthia, but would Cynthia be ready for these two? "We'll see. She's out of the country at the moment and will back in a while. I'm not sure when she will be back though", I replied.

Em then rolled across me to retrieve the remote control for the TV. I found myself looking down at her well rounded ass across my lap. Before she could move back I pinned her in position with my arms.

"Hey!" exclaimed Em. "Watcha doing?"

"Well Emily my dear," I chuckled. "I said there would be consequences if you opened that private folder with Cynthia's more intimate photos." I ran a hand over her smooth and recently moisturized ass cheeks.

"Umm, what are you going to do?" she asked trying to struggle a little.

"Hmmm, what to do? I think an opportunity may have presented itself. Don't you think?" I replied as I gave Em a gentle smack on the ass. "What do you think Deb?"

"She did ignore your warning after all," Deb responded with a big grin on her face.

"You're right. I did give her fair warning and the folder was password protected," I said as I gave Em another smack.

"She can be impetuous," remarked Deb. "Maybe the time has come to learn there are consequences."

"My thoughts exactly. So young lady, are you going to be more respectful of my property in the future?" I asked Em.

"What do you mean?" <> "OW! That hurt," Em exclaimed as I gave her a firm smack on her left ass cheek.

"I mean that when you find something password protected you are NOT to go any further", I replied.

"But..." <> "OW!" exclaimed Em again as I gave her a firm smack this time on her right ass cheek.

"I think I am making myself clear. Do you think I am clear Deb?" I asked looking at Deb.

"Very," replied Deb. "But just in case give her a few more," she went on with a big grin on her face.

"OK then. If you think so," I replied. I went on to give Em two more very firm smacks on alternating ass cheeks. Strangely her struggling had seemed to have stopped.

"So Miss Emily, am I clear in what I require?" I asked.

"But..." <> <> Emily let out a little whimper as I paddled her alternative ass cheeks again.

"The answer is simple. You either do understand what I require or you don't. Answer yes or no," I stated firmly.

"Can..." <> <> "Can you make him stop Deb?" Em whimpered as I struck each, by now reddened, firm round ass cheek again.

"Nope," giggled Deb.

"Then YES!" exclaimed Em.

"Then yes what?" I asked her.

"Yes I understand what you require," Em said a little tentatively.

"And?" I asked.

"And I'm sorry I did it." <> <> "What's that for?" she whimpered.

"That was for making me ask you to apologise," I stated.

"Maybe just two more," Deb whispered in my ear.

"OK," I said. <> <> "Owwww, that hurt," said Em in a little girl voice.

Hmmm I thought, this is not quite going the way I thought. Here was Deb encouraging me on and Em not offering any resistance. And that little girl voice... 

"Feel her cunt," Deb whispered in my ear.

I eased my hand between Em's legs and sought out her pussy. To my surprise she was soaking wet. As I stroked my finger down her wet folds I heard Em giggle. I released the pressure on her back holding her down.

Em sprung up and straddled my lap. She had my face in her hands and was planting kisses all over my face before she passionately pushed her lips to mine and probed with her tongue.

"Need you so deep inside me," Em gasped out.

I looked across at Deb who by now was laughing at us both.

"Now look what you have done," said Deb between laughs. "You will have to finish her off."

By now Em had reached down and grabbed my hardening cock guiding it towards her sopping snatch. Before I could do anything more she dropped down on my, by now, hard cock. I penetrated her soaked, velvet, hot pussy about half way before she rose again and dropped down on me with her full force. I was as deep as I could go inside her.

Emily stopped and sighed. "God you have an amazing cock. It feels just so right when you are where you are now. Feel my nipples, they are just so hard."

I ran my thumbs over her hard nipples and held her breasts in the palm of my hands and gently squeezed.

"So good...," Emily sighed. "Please place your hands on my burning ass cheeks and gently massage them for me," she asked as she again held my face in her hands and continued our kiss.

I massaged her hot ass cheeks gently.

"Hmmm, that's it. Keep going. I do love a good spanking. Especially when I have been naughty. You have a very firm hand Alan. I like that," Emily explained.

As our tongues continued to explore I felt Deb move around and get on her knees beside us and slip off the t-shirt she was wearing. Next I felt her warm large breasts push into my arm and tongue flicker over my ear.

"You know you are not going anywhere until she has taken her pleasure don't you?" Deb whispered.

With that Em pushed me back. "I'm so fucking turned on. I'm gunna fuck your nuts off!"

Em pinned my arms over my head grazing her still very hard nipples up and down my chest. Her hips rose as she slammed down onto my cock. "So deep - so good," she purred.

"Just lay back and enjoy," whispered Deb. "Just let her fuck you. She in the zone now."

I looked up into Em's eyes to see they were closed. She had a serene look on her face as she continued to slowly raise her hips and drop down on my cock in a slow and steady rhythm. Em continued to pin my arms above my head. I didn't resist.

"Feel her wet dripping cunt wrapped around your rock hard cock. Feel her hard nipples grazing your chest. Look into her face. Give into the pleasure," Deb chanted in a whisper in my ear.

"OH! - OH! - OH!" Em exclaimed between successive plunges down my cock.

I felt Em's muscles clench my cock hard as she paused and shuddered, then slumped onto my chest. I could feel the vibrations radiating out from her pussy. She released my arms and just lay against my chest then wiggled as if settling on my still rock hard cock.

"Hmmm, you may have finished but I don't think he has," Deb observed.

I moved my hands to Em's still red and hot ass cheeks. Grabbing them firmly I held her still.

"Hmmm, nice. I like that. Your turn," Em said in a dreamy voice.

I didn't need to be invited again. I needed release. I needed to cum and I needed it now. I held Em's ass up then followed it with my hips plunging my cock deep into her. Holding her in that position and continued to piston deep into her and build up speed.

I could feel Deb kiss Em and run her hands down Em's body as I focused on the task at hand.

Suddenly Em pushed herself up with wide eyes looking down at me. "FUCK!" she exclaimed. "FUCK! - I'M - GONNA - CUM - AGAIN!" she cried out in time with my deep thrusts. "AAAAAAAH!" she finally cried out.

That was all I needed. My cock exploded inside her pumping a full load deep into her. I dropped Em down onto me as my cock continued to spasm and deliver the last of its pay load deep into her. Em slumped on me, spreading her legs wide. We lay there catching our breaths. I hugged her and held her tight.

"Beautiful," said Deb.

I looked across at her as she wiped a tear from her eye.

"You OK Deb," I asked.

"Yep," Deb replied sounding a bit choked up. "I could feel your connection."

I reached across and held Deb's hand. "I can feel our connection," I said.

Deb and Em smiled. Our at least I could see Deb smiling and I could feel Em smiling.

I don't know how long we stayed like that. Em slumped on my chest my limp cock still inside her. Me holding Deb's hand. Deb looking at both of us. Finally Em rolled off me.

"C'mon, let her snooze and we'll have a shower," said Deb in a low voice.

I made sure Em had a sheet over her and followed Deb into the ensuite bathroom. Deb had the shower running as I stepped in to join her. As I moved around into the water Deb stepped towards me, wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tight with her head turned, against my chest.

"This feels so right," she said softly as I wrapped my arms around her.