 I just couldn't go on like this anymore. My gut had been bothering me for weeks now and I couldn't figure out what to do about it. So, I finally went in to the hospital to get checked out. It was a Tuesday afternoon so it wasn't too horribly busy in there so they could take me in to a doctor pretty quickly. I sat in a chair patiently waiting for the doctor to come in. I was not ready for one of a beautiful women to walk in. Her name was Dr. Lieb and she was about 5'11, redheaded, and in good shape. I could tell by the shape of her bust that she had moderately sized breasts. I'm not particularly fond of gigantic breasts so I found that rather attractive. The most tantalizing thing about her, however, was her ass. It was pear shaped and delightfully large (I got a good look at this as she was fiddling with the light switches on the other side of the room). It was delightful and contained in her tight dress she wore under her doctor's coat. I was admiring it when she whipped around.

"So, ummmm, Tom! What seems to be the issue you're having?" She asked with a small smirk and look of genuine affection on her face. "It says you are in here to receive some help regarding your stomach? Is that true?"

"Yes exactly," I stammer out as I tryed to remain cool. "I have had a sour gut for about two weeks. Nothing else seems to be wrong but I just can't seem to shake it."

"Hmmmm" she pondered "Well considering what you are saying about not having any other ill symptoms it might just be that you are eating something or too much of something and it's souring your stomach. Luckily for you the nutritionist is in today!"

"Nutritionist?" I asked "What are they going to be able to do for me that well help me? I was hoping for some extra strength tums or something not a lecture on eating salad."

Dr. Lieb pondered my statement for a moment then responded "I don't think you should worry about a sermon from Dr. Myers. I'm going check and see if Myer's is in and then hopefully the doc will be right in. If you still aren't satisfied I can come back and we'll talk more. Okay?" She said with a wry smile. As she stood up she dropped her pen. "Oops!" she said as she bent over away from me. As she did her dress, which was seemingly modest but was actually rather short, slip up to where I caught a glint of the pink thong she was wearing. She stood back up and recomposed herself. I was shocked and delighted.

"Fine. That's uuuuhhh fine" I stammered out trying not to sound too aroused. In truth, I was damn close to rock hard. She left without another word. Great now I had to seem some stuffy nutritionist who is going to tell me my diet is shit and that I'm going to die. I sat and played on my phone for a bit and was reading my twitter timeline when in came the nutritionist, Dr. Myers.

Dr. Myers was a 20 something slim Burnette with very short pixie haircut. She wore bright red lipstick, wore a blouse and dress pants, and had piercing blue eyes. Her mouth was what most would loving refer to as "dick sucking lips" they were full and very sensual. Her body was alluring with her olive skin and athletic frame. What stood out most, however, was the tattoo's up and down her arms. I couldn't see all of them with her sleeve's in the way but what I could make out was beautiful. I was in love.

"Tom...Tom.." She snapped her fingers in front of me. I must have zoned in so hard on her I didn't even hear her speaking to me.

"Oh I'm sorry" I say "I zoned out pretty hard."

"It's fine, not a big deal. So, what seems to be the issue you're having."

My first thoughts went to my ever increasingly hard cock but thankfully that isn't what I said. Instead I explained to her my gut issues and was seeking some help for it.

"Well then let's start parsing through what you eat on a regular basis. Is your diet based on any sort of regiment or do you just sort of eat what you please?"

"I'm no athlete or anything but I thought I treated myself fine. I eat 3 meals a day, snack occasionally, ...." As I was explaining my diet I began to zone out again but this time it was on her breasts. She was leaning in listening to me and hadn't realized she had leaned forward enough that I could look down her blouse and see her lovely breasts peeking out of it. I was now throbbing hard and stuck talking about my diet. She ha.d just enough of her buttons undone that I could get a good look. I was in heaven

"Well based on what you are telling me about what you eat I definitely can see where you might be having some gut problems. I have a theory as to what exactly is the issue but I'm going to have to perform a quick test to prove it. Stand up."

Oh shit. There was no way I was going to be able to stand up with my rock hard cock in front of this beautiful women. I was freaking out.

"Come on up up UP." And with that she had grabbed both of my hands and pulled me onto my feet. When she did she brought her body up against mine and I knew that she could feel me. She looked down, smiled, and then whispered "perfect." And with that she descended onto the floor and began unbuckling my belt.

"Wha..What are you doing?"

"My little test. You don't mind do you?" I nodded my head no. "Good boy" And with that she whipped my hard cock out of my pants and began sucking with vigor. She at first payed the most attention to the head and glans. Over and over she sucked and licked. She darted her tongue in and out of my pisshole. This was not her first rodeo. "How are you liking that big boy?" I could only grunt in response. "Good. Now let me take off a this here for your viewing pleasure." So she removed her top and her bra and began sucking again earnestly.

She was sucking and stroking me with one hand all while I'm staring at her and her bobbing breasts. Spittle was flying everywhere and I knew I wouldn't last too much longer. I had to cum and I needed to cum bad. She could sense that I was close so she pulled me out of her mouth and said "I'm going to need that big load in my mouth. I need all of it too it's for my research." She then immediately shoved herself down the entire length of my dick and began choking on it. Drool oozing from her mouth and I could not hold back anymore and began to cum. She brought me out of her throat for that and began early sucking away at it. I came ropes and ropes. I was nearly passing out when I collapsed back into the chair.

She left the room after putting her blouse back on. I barely noticed she because she had so thoroughly sucked me. When she returned, she sat down and looked as if nothing had happened. Moments before her eyeliner was running and she was covered in spit and sweat. "So, after using a bit of intuition and carefully examining the cum you gave me I think I've nailed down your issue. It's that you've got way too much salt in your diet. You're cum was very salty, almost briny. My prescription to you is to cut back on processed foods, and eat more fresh veggies and fruit. I would also highly recommend that you start eating pineapple daily." She said with knowing wink. "Then, I want you back in for a checkup every week for about a month. That okay with you?

"Oh, yeah it's just fine with me. More than happy too; one question." She motioned for me to go on "Can I get your number? That was the most incredible blowjob I've ever had."

"You come back for a month and at the end if you taste good enough and if you are a good enough boy we can go out." And we that she got up and left. The nurse came and took me out into the lobby. I left hopefully anticipating the next week.