 Numbers, fucking numbers. He hated them. 

He stopped looking at the screen and turned his chair to look out the office window. He could see the Thames and the odd ferry traveling on it's murky waters. His work was stressful, but he loved his office in the corner of the building. It had large windows on two sides and he could see what the rest of the city was doing as he sat there making and breaking fortunes.

It was good work, but it got to him sometimes. There was always pressure to perform and it never ended. The company was going well on the back of his efforts and he had all the spoils of success. 

Sometimes it wasn't enough.

He needed to relieve......the pressure.

He smiled to himself as he looked out at the fading light at the end of the day. He had more work to do, but first he needed to attend to things. He turned back to his desk and pressed the button on the phone.

"Yes, sir?"

He smiled, feeling a slight growing tension in his pants.

"Jane, could you please bring me a coffee?"

"Yes, sir. Anything else?"

"Lock the door when you come in," was all he said before releasing the button and leaning back into his chair.

Jane had been his personal assistant for over a year and he had never worked as well with anyone else. She was stunning and a good ten years younger than him. Long blonde hair with slight curls and more intelligence and wit than most people he'd met.

His thoughts were distracted with a knock at the door and then she came in, a cup of coffee on a saucer. She closed the door with her free hand and then pressed the button on the handle to lock the door. She walked towards his desk dressed in sensible flat shoes, a tasteful skirt that finished just above her knees, white blouse and red jacket. She placed the coffee gently on the table and sat in the chair across from him.

"Here, sir," she said, nodding slightly, blue eyes looking at him.

"Thank you," he said, "it's been a tough day."

She nodded again.

"My pleasure. Anything else I can do to help, sir?" she asked.

He leaned back in his chair, resting his clasped hands on his toned belly and smiled at her. 

"It's just constant pressure, but you do so much to help me," he said. "I think I need to take a break for a few minutes."

She looked at him steadily.

"Yes, sir, that would be wise."

He nodded and then pulled open the drawer in his desk, looking for something and then placing it on his desk. It was a tube of lipstick. Russian red. Jane looked down at it.

"It would be best if you....refresh yourself," he said quietly.

She nodded wordlessly and reached over the desk to pick up the lipstick. She opened it and then applied it expertly without even having to check herself in a mirror. When she'd finished, she placed it back down on the desk and looked at him.

"Is that better?"

"Yes, much," he said, smiling at her, "though it's difficult to improve on your natural beauty."

He pushed the chair away from the table and leaned back a little further, his hands now behind his head and the stirring and heat in his groin becoming more pronounced. He looked at her.

"You know what I need, don't you, dear?"

She looked back at him, her tongue very lightly running to her top lip and then back into her mouth.

"Yes, sir."

"You've always been a good girl, very considerate."

"Thank you, sir," she said. "You look after me well."

He nodded. 

"I'm glad you think so," he said, pausing for a moment. "Now get over here."

She got up and smoothed her skirt a little before walking around the table to stand in front of him, looking down at him and waiting.

"Sir?"

"On your knees, dear, and unzip me....just like a good girl should."

"Yes, sir," she said and then began to drop to her knees in front of him, using the arms on the chair for support. Once she was on her knees, she looked up at him sitting in the chair, his hands behind his head.

"Unzip me...."

Her small, soft hands went to his pants and started to unzip him, feeling the hardness underneath the soft fabric of his trousers. She slid his zip down fully and then her hand entered his pants, pulling his briefs down and bringing his cock out and holding it in her hand.

One of his hands reached down, running through her hair and then beginning to gently twine the strands around his fingers. His cock felt comfortable in her hand, filling it, the small palm warming him and making him harder, twitching as it grew.

The tip of his cock felt cool now exposed to the air, a drop of precum on the tip, showing his desire.

"Now, dear, be a good girl and suck it for me....I need relief."

He tightened his grip on her hair and pulled her head forward.

"Now..." he said in a low growl.

Jane's lips pressed to the head of his cock and then opened slightly to take him in, just the head. Her tongue swirled around the end of it, mopping up the sweet precum on the tip and then she pushed into his hole, sending pleasure coursing through him.

"That's a good girl," he murmured, his fingers tightening in her hair, "Be a good slut for me...."

He bucked his hips a little and more of his shaft slid through her red lips and into the warmth of her mouth. Her tongue sat underneath the shaft as he pushed it in, cradling his length on it.

His head lolled back a little and he closed his eyes as she began to suck. She'd always been good at it, knew just the right things to do and how to bring him pleasure. His cock sunk deeper into her as she sucked and he twitched in her mouth, the shaft now at its full length. He bucked again and felt the head touch the back of her throat.

"Take it all," he said, "all of it...."

He heard her moan and then she adjusted herself slightly. He forced her head down further and this time the head slid past the entrance to her throat and he felt the ribbed walls stimulating his head.

"Yes....," he hissed, "like that....such a good girl."

He pumped gently into her mouth, short strokes to keep his cock in her throat, feeling the vibrations of her moans over his sensitive head. He looked down into his lap, his hand fisted in her hair, her lips at the base of his shaft, a small ring of pink foam around them of lipstick, saliva and precum.

He lifted her head slowly, watching his red-streaked shaft slide from her mouth, glistening in the office light. Her lips were now smeared with lipstick and she looked up at him, the cock head still in her mouth.

He whispered, "Such a good slut for me, aren't you dear, helping me relax...."

Her face broke into a small smile around his cock and she nodded. Her tongue was working the head as he spoke to her, her small hand now wrapped around the base of his shaft.

"Fuck...."

He pulled her back down towards him and bucked at the same time, his cock once again plunging deep into her and then pushing through into her throat. Her nose was now pressed against the bottom of his white shirt and all he cared about now was relief. He kept using short thrusts to keep his cock in her as deeply as possible.

"Fuck....such a good girl...so....pleasing...."

His breathing was heavy now. There was no time for niceties, not in the office, where all he wanted was relief, to spill his seed in her or over her. He felt one of her hands move down to his sac and cup his heavy balls, tingling from the impending orgasm.

"Fuck...you're....my...good....slut...."

He pressed more forcefully on her head now, bucking his cock into her at the same time and he felt her writhing for breath. He released the pressure a little, allowing her to suck his cock at her pace and get some air. The tingling in his sac told him it wouldn't be long before he got what he wanted.

His cock slid in and out of her red lips, the streaking becoming redder and redder. She squeezed slightly on his sac with her warm, soft hand and her urgency increased as she bobbed more quickly on him. 

"Good girl..." he said, encouragingly, "good girl......"

He was so close to his orgasm, but today he wanted to mark her, leave his seed on her....

He pulled up on her hair and looked into her eyes, the mascara now streaked down her face and the area around her lips smeared in the juices of his cock.

"I'm going to mark you....mark you as my slut....as my good girl.....understand...?"

She nodded, only a short nod because her hair was still tightly held by his hand.

He pushed himself up a little, towards the edge of the chair. 

"Stroke my cock....above your face....I want to cum on you..."

She smiled.

"Yes, sir," she said, her first words for over ten minutes.

Her small hand started to fist his cock, sliding up and down on the lubrication provided by lipstick, saliva and precum. He looked down at her, his cock hovering over her face.

"Fuck," was all he could say. "Fuck....."

His nuts were starting to tighten as his body gave way to pleasure. No one could weather the storm of her pleasure, and he wasn't Superman.

Her pretty face looked up at him with a grin and then he felt his cock swell and a rush of cum rise through his shaft.

"Fuck......"

He shot a thick ribbon of warm cum onto her temple and cheek and the side of her neck as he cried out. He heard her gasp in pleasure.

"Good girl," he said breathily.

Another rope of his cum landed on her top lip, the thread running over her bottom lip and then onto her chin. The relief was washing over him, blessed relief, but there was still more.

"Yes...such a good slut....open your mouth...."

She had just opened her mouth when a further wad of cum spurted from him and into her mouth.

"Fuck...."

He could feel every ounce of stress flowing out of him, onto her and into her. His hand loosened on her hair, but she returned to sucking him, cleaning his cock of any signs of what they had been doing. He looked down at her, covered in his cum.

"Such a good girl...." he said softly, ruffling her hair, "so good."

His breathing was starting to return to normal and still she cleaned him, his cock now flaccid. Finally she finished and she looked up at him.

"Was that good, sir?" she asked.

He smiled softly at her.

"Perfect, as usual, dear," he said, running a hand along her cheek. 

"Thank you, sir."

"No, dear, thank....you."

He smiled and she smiled back at him. She started to get up. She would clean herself up in his ensuite. As she started to turn away from him, he said, "And, Jane?"

She looked around.

"Yes, sir?"

"I think my coffee's cold."

She chuckled.

"I was busy keeping other things warm, sir."