 Chapter One

As I walked into the executive offices and looked around at the managing director's staff. 

Immediately I noticed one of the staffers as she was talking to one of the men from her group... it was her smile that I noticed at first. It lit up the room.

She was a well-toned very pretty brunette who looked to be in her early 30's... I was to find out later that she was actually in her 40s. She was dressed in a smart business suit that flattered her every curve. Her white blouse was unbuttoned that extra button that showed just enough of her firm 36C tits.

She had on dark sheer hose, she looked like someone who was into thigh highs, and high heel shoes that did a little something to her well shaped, legs... I imagined she was the type that often went without panties... That thought caused a stirring between my legs.

I soon found out that her name was Janet... 

I knew that I would have three days visiting the unit, and I needed someone to show me around and hopefully spend some after hours time together. 

Before my meeting started, using my security clearance I checked the personnel records and made a note of her address. I also discovered that her husband was an employee at the same company. His name was Jack. 

I won't go into detail right now, but I will say that Janet had a sexy way about her, and her comments trough out the day were sexual, leading and to say she was a tease would be an understatement. Being of the same type of personality, we spared back and forth under our breath with each other all morning long, each comment seemed to get a little more "raunchy".

On second thought I will explain our encounters as the day went on.

Besides the verbal aspect of our "interaction", during one of the morning meetings I was seated next to Janet. Several times I "accidentally" brushed my leg against hers. As I did so, I glanced over at her for her reaction. 

Her reaction was her leg slipping under mine and slipping her shoe off. Her soft foot teased my lower leg to the point that what was being said at the meeting was going was falling on deaf ears... All I could think of was fucking her in every way possible... My cock was hard as a rock with pre-cum oozing out...

During one morning break, I followed her into her office. She smiled as she noticed the obvious bulge in my slacks.

"My, my... did I cause that?" She said still smiling that smile and she nodded towards my crotch...

"What do you think you tease?" I countered...

As she walked by me she stopped and pressed her breast firmly against my arm and said...

"I sure hope so..." As she said it, her hand reached to my bulge and cupped it...

"Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, I'm guessing 7 or 8" and I can tell it is thick."

With that she moved out of her office with my eyes trained on her ass... her ass that moved more sensually than before...

"Fucking tease..." I muttered under my breath as I followed her into the meeting room.

Then there was lunch... 

I was with Janet and another male and female coworker of Janet's... We went to lunch at the hotel restaurant across the street from her office... It was the same hotel that I was staying at.

Janet and I had several glasses of wine with lunch, and as lunch was winding down, the other couple excused themselves and left. Janet ordered more wine for us. I could tell that she was feeling a bit loose.

"You know what Richard...?" she said staring into my eyes...

"What?" I replied...

"I have had this fantasy regarding this hotel all the years I have had the office across from it..."

"Oh?" I said with a smile... "Care to share?

"Maybe..." she said smiling... "In time, maybe..."

As the waitress brought out wine, she was giving Janet and I both the eye... 

As she stared at the tops of Janet's full well tanned tits, I couldn't help myself...

"Gorgeous aren't they?"

Flustered the shapely waitress muttered "Huh? What was that sir?"

"Her tits... there gorgeous aren't they..." I said looking her in the eye.

At that moment, I felt Janet's once again shoeless foot was between my legs pressing and caressing my hardening cock.

"Um yes they are..." The beet red waitress said softly... as she turned and hurried away...

As Janet's foot did it's magic on my cock, I lifted the wine glass to my lips and drank it down without stopping...

Kicking off my loafer, my left foot raised to the knee of Janet's leg straining to caress my now fully swollen member.

She let out a soft gasp as my foot eased between her thighs. 

Her foot dropped to the floor as she shifted in her chair. Picking up her wine, she motioned to the waitress to bring another round. As she drank her glass nonstop, as she did, she eased her skirt upward and spread her legs, giving me an open path to her private area.

Pointing my toes forward my foot made first contact with her very, very wet cunt... Smiling as I thought to myself... I was right, she was the type that often went without panties...

Janet moved to the front edge of her chair, her ass half on and half off the chair... As she finished her wine, she leaned back against the chair. As my toes poked and caressed her mound, her left hand disappeared under the table and guided my foot to her wet spot...

I couldn't believe how wet this sexual goddess was as her hips moved sensually... biting her lip she pressed hard against my foot. I could tell she was cumming as the still red waitress brought our wine to the table.

"Will there be anything else?" She asked as she looked at the two of us.

"Check" I answered "put it on room 1313"

"Yes sir..." She said... As she turned to leave I asked her what time she got off...

With a wink she held her middle finger to my nose and said...

"I already did... you two were to much..."

"I'm working a double today... 1:00am" She said as she turned away...

Turning around she said... "1313... right?"

Janet meanwhile milked her orgasm to the last tremble as she smiled and said...

"What was that all about Richard?"

"Hey what's a guy to do in a strange town at night... not knowing anyone?" I said as I slipped my loafer back on.

"What time do you have to be back this afternoon?" Janet asked as she composed herself.

Looking at my watch I said... "Forty five minutes or so..."

"That will have to be enough..." Janet said with a tremble in her voice...

"Enough?" I asked 

"My fantasy..." Janet said... "You wanted me to share, remember?"

A smile came across my face as I watched Janet consume her glass of wine, again without stopping.

As she finished it, she reached for my glass of wine. Again she drank it down non-stop...

The wine had taken its effect as Janet leaned forward. It was obvious to me that she had unbuttoned another button of her blouse. Her tits were very obvious to my stare as she leaned closer.

Janet said softly with a slight slur... "My fantasy Richard is to be fucked from behind as I look towards my office, my tits crushed against the glass of the window..."

"And 1313 faces my office..."

With that she got up and turned to leave...

Turning she looked at me as I sat there with a look of disbelief...

"We have 40 minutes now, are you going to waste a minute of it sitting there?"

I was on my feet, my cock still hard as I followed her to the elevator.

As we walked out, I glanced at the sexy waitress, and as our eyes met, she slipped her middle finger in her mouth and slowly and seductively took it in...

As we reached the elevators it seemed like an eternity passed before the doors opened on the door to our right. As we moved to the door and man in a wheel chair took again what seemed like forever to clear the door before we could get in.

As we got in, another 4 people got in. I pressed 13, and sure as hell all of the others hit different floors all before 13, the last one was at 10.

I had my key card in my hand as the doors closed. Janet stepped back and finished unbuttoning her blouse... With our eyes locked she unhooked her white lace bra from between her gorgeous tits... As she exposed them to me, we reached 13.

We had 35 minutes before our next meeting...

As we hurried to the door of 1313, I fumbled with the key card, and as the door swung open, we almost fell into the room.

Janet was on her knees in a heartbeat fumbling with my zipper and belt. I loosened my belt as she tugged at my throbbing member. I thought I was going to blow my load just at her touch.

Moving me backwards she plopped me onto the bed. Like a wild animal, she was taking my cock into her mouth and sucking it like there was no tomorrow...

We had less than thirty minutes to get back to the office...

Pushing Janet's skirt up above her thigh highs, I re-positioned myself so I eat her oozing cunt out.

As my mouth covered her fuckhole... her gasp was muffled by the thick cock in her throat. 

I have never tasted such sweetness... her juices were flowing as I have never seen juices flow... Within seconds my face, beard and mustache were soaked with her offering.

She masterfully sucked my cock, and when she anticipated I was ready to explode, she would stop and squeeze my throbbing member in just the right spot to put off my eruption...

We ate and sucked for what seemed like only moments... but it was closer to 20 minutes and three or four of Janet's face soaking orgasms...

We had less than ten minutes to get back to our meeting as I came up off of her protesting cunt... Without a word I grabbed her by the wrist and led her to the window...

Pulling her blouse open, I pushed her against the cool glass of the window...

To anyone looking up at us, they would see two of the most beautiful tits one had ever laid yes on with nipples hard as rocks flattened against the glass.

With her head turned to the left, Janet's face was also against the glass.

My hands shove her skirt high on her hips, and with her back arched slightly I rammed my full length into her very wet, yet very tight cunt. As I held my meat deep inside of her, her vaginal muscles went to work on my shaft. I almost lost it right there.

As I began to pull out, I couldn't believe the resistance as her educated snatch hugged it as I slowly with drew it to the head...

"Fuck me Richard..."

"Fuck me hard..."

With a sudden thrust, Janet let out a guttural moan as my fucker slammed hard back into her.

"Like that Bitch?" I whispered in her ear...

"Yes... yes... yes..." Is all she could say each time my rock hard cock slammed deep inside of her.

Within moments I was ready to explode...

My first gush was deep inside of her... and just before I erupted a second time, I pulled out of her and emptied the rest of my load on her well -shaped ass.

Her finger meanwhile was moving like a blur over and in her cunt as she came again and again...

As I tucked my soaking wet cumm soaked cock back into my pants, I studied her ass as Janet continued to masturbate...

"Very fuckable" I said softly as I looked down at her puckered anal opening as a wad of my cumm ran slowly over it.

Looking at my watch, we have 5 minutes...

Janet slips her skirt down over her sticky ass...

"Fuck!!! It is going to be hard to sit through this afternoon's sessions smelling of sex and feeling the puddle of "us" I will be sitting in." Janet said as she made herself presentable.

As we reach the elevator we are both flushed from the happenings of the last 45 minutes or so... the question is, how will we be able to concentrate the rest of the afternoon?

"My husband and I were going out tonight... Would you like to join us? Janet asked without thinking of what her husband may think.

"Fuck yes..." I answered

"Richard... he must not find out about this... but..."

"But what?' I ask back...

"But... Richard, I don't want this to be the last time you fuck me..." Janet said as the elevator comes to a halt.

" I have never came so hard and so often as I just did with you..."

As the doors open I told her not to worry, that I would be discreet about the afternoon and I would handle it in a way that this won't be the last time...

What time tonight?

"Come over at 6:30 for drinks..." She said nervously...

"I will tell Jack that my supervisor wanted me to entertain you tonight..."

"Will he buy that?" I asked...

"I will tell him you are a VIP and it was strongly suggested that we entertain you for the evening... He will believe it, because it is not the first time we had to d o so"

"Oh?" I said with a smile as we hurried to the door to the offices...

"Not THAT way silly..." Janet said still flushed

"Dinner and drinks ONLY..." she said as we reached the elevator...

"Tonight... 6:30... I will write down my address and give it to you during the afternoon break..."

I didn't tell her I already knew her address... nor the thoughts I had, had before our "luncheon".

Leaning to her, I whispered in her ear...

"In your office, on the afternoon break..." With that I let my tongue dart out and flick her lobe.

As we entered the meeting room, Janet's supervisor said...

"Well here they are... we can get started now..."

This time we sat opposite of each other. I had to smile as Janet tried to make herself comfortable as she sat on the leather chair... her skirt sticking to her ass and her flow still seeping down her creamy thighs.

Janet looked across at me with a glazed over look in her eye... She was wondering to herself if I was suggesting what she thought I was suggesting to her about meeting her in her office during the break...

The thought only made her flow continue...

My cock was growing at the thought of meeting her during the break... and I wondered if anyone could smell the sex that seemed to permeate the room.

The first session seemed to go on for hours as I kept glancing at my watch... It was 2:13. 

As I glanced over at Janet, I noticed her one hand was below the table and every once in awhile, she would bring her finger to her mouth... It was obvious to me she was touching her honey pot, and tasting the sweetness of out mixed juices to tease me.

When 2:30 came along the speaker was still talking... he finished his session at 2:37. He apologized for running long, and said we would cut the break short because we had to get in all of the presentations before breaking for the day.

"Fuck!!" I thought as we started for Janet's office..."

As we reached it Janet's supervisor called out to her...

FUCK, FUCK, FUCK... I thought as he called her over.

"Go wait in my office..." She said almost gasping with anticipation.

I reached her office and walked over to the window... counting the floors I counted up to 13 and looked at the windows of each room. It was very obvious to which was 1313 because there was still an imprint of Janet's sweating tits still very noticeable.

I was brought back to where I was as I heard Janet's office door close loudly and the lock clicking.

Janet was on her back on the couch in a heartbeat hiking her skirt to her waist, she spread her legs wide and said...

"We have to be quick Richard... he is waiting for me to bring some papers to him before the last session starts...

"Fuck me Richard... fuck me fast... fuck me hard..."

Before she could finish, my cock was in my hand as I guided into her very ready fuckhole...

Her muscles again took control as she convulsed to and immediate orgasm as I thrust into her.

Within seconds she was milking me dry of my thick wad... which had to be the quickest fuck in history... Pushing me off she was on her feet quickly, this time with my full load mixed with her juices streaming to the top of her thigh highs...

She hurried to her desk and picked up a folder and scribbled something on her memo pad... and as she unlocked the door she apologized for how little time we had, and handed me the memo.

"Don't worry your pretty little head ... we will make up for it, I promise..."

As she went out the door, I followed her out glancing at the paper... It had her address on it and it went on to say... 6:30 sharp... I WANT YOU AGAIN!!!

As I settled into my seat Janet and her supervisor were nowhere to be seen.

Everyone else seated themselves leaving the chair to my left open for Janet...

The afternoon session was to be a presentation using overheads, so as the room darkened Janet and her boss came into the room.

As she sat down I could smell her sex... God it drove me nuts.

Looking around I was wondering if I was the only one who could?

Janet leaned over, her breast crushed against my arm and said...

"You're not going to believe this..."

"What" I inquired as she pressed harder against me...

"My supervisor asked me to make sure you were entertained tonight, and he was going to talk to Jack, my husband... and let him know about it..."

With the room dark, my left hand slipped under the table. It was met by Janet's right hand as it guided me to her wet hole.

As the speaker began to talk, I had to hope that no one could hear my finger as if fucked in and out of Janet's oozing cunt.

Bring her left hand to her mouth, Janet coughed softly, as she moaned into the back of her hand several times and shifted around slightly as my finger continued its assault on her fuckhole and love button. I could feel her snatch convulse on my finger as it dipped in as far as I could. Leaning he breast against my arm, she made like she was going to say something...

Her cunt only hugged my finger tighter as she moaned in my ear... 

"You are so fucking sexy..." she moaned as she came again...

To say that the day was one of the most incredible days I had ever spent would be the understatement of all time...

At the end of the afternoon I with everyone watching, I shook Janet's hand said loud enough for her boss to hear...

"Thank you for EVERYTHING Janet... your company is very lucky to have an employee as passionate about your job as you are... I am looking forward to this evening..."

As she walked me to the door she smiled and said...

"I am looking forward to this evening also..."

Leaning close I whispered...

"I have a plan... tonight act as you would like this afternoon never happened..."

"Be the prim and proper Janet... and act accordingly... and tonight will be a night you and Jack will NEVER forget..."

As I walked out, I turned to see Janet with a worried and puzzled look on her face...

Walking across the street, I glance up to my room and the two oily impressions... Smiling I returned to my room where I had to mentally prepare myself for the charade for the evening, and the events which were to unfold over the next couple of days ... 

As I showered it came to me...

Chapter 2

At precisely six thirty I walked up the sidewalk to the front door... but before I rang the bell, I heard a male voice inside and he was obviously upset... The one thing I hear him shout was something about... an outfit?

I rang the doorbell and things got very quiet and within a few seconds Jack opened the door. 

"You must be Richard..." He said as you walked in to the foyer. 

On my right through an open door I could see Janet standing the sitting room dressed in a low-cut tight-fitting black cocktail dress which outlined her breasts beautifully. It was about three inches above the knee and just as obvious she was not wearing a bra. Her nipples pressed hard against the material of the dress, and the dress seemed to be losing the battle. 

Her legs were encased in sheer black nylon with shiny patent shoes with about a four-inch heel. 

She had had her hair styled differently from the afternoon as it fell in soft sexy waves to her shoulders. 

Janet was looking nervous, she wondering what it was that I had in mind... she was worried that Jack might find out about the fucking of her life earlier...
