 She walks back into his office and he is working diligently on the computer.

She takes notice that there is a certain something that is different about him today,

something has changed...

and casually asks, "What are you working on?"

He says...

"Come here and I will show you..."

He pulls her onto his lap,

fixing her in such away that he can still type with his one hand and rubs her back with the other, 

sliding his hand around the side of her...

just underneath her breasts...

touching her so nicely... and occasionally kissing her.

Until something suddenly breaks in him... and he feverishly starts kissing her and puts his hands under her shirt... 

never had they been in this way before but it felt natural and good.

Passion flaring between them,

slipping his fingers over the top of her bra and cupping her breast.

A soft hand, finds her nipple and plays with it between his fingers.

She moans softly, laying her head back on his chest and shoulder.... his chest heaving madly.

He is deeply probing his tongue in her mouth.... and they are melting into each others arms. He turns her around to face him.... her legs straddling his...

her skirt is hiked up so that most of her thighs are exposed... and she can feel his hardness through his jeans... pulling her closer so that their genitals are touching.

He feels the heat of her on him.

They are moaning into each others mouths...

and the kissing goes on and on and on...

sucking on each others lips and tenderly biting them.

He says to her that "He has to go.... the time is late and he has an appointment..."

but they continue like this for some time more, every so often saying that "he has to go... he is gonna be late...".

Until finally apologizing, he lifts her off of his lap and stands up and grabs his jacket and keys and with one final kiss on the lips... tells her, "I'm sorry sweetheart... but I have to go..." and walks down the hall.

Still left in the state that she is in... she sits down in his chair.... the warm fluids, flowing between her legs to be wasted...

leaving a mark on the chair...

So what does a girl do?

Jilted by the man that she is so attracted to,

trying to regain her composure... She thinks quietly to herself about what she will make for dinner. Going home all alone...

When quite unexpectedly he reappears in the doorway

"I cancelled my appointment....

they will see me later.... I couldn't leave us this way..."

Wild passion ensues between them... tearing away at their clothes.... mouths hungrily tasting each others necks and breast with hands traveling freely exploring each other this way for the first time...

Time slips away as it only the two of them in the world.

she unbuttons his jeans and unzips them and she slides them to his ankles... no time to take off his boots.... slides down his boxer briefs.....

and firmly grips him in her hand.

He puts his hands under her skirt and with (as gentle as he can manage fingertips) finds her hot moistness and moves her panties to one side... and strokes her....A sudden look of surprise... "omg... mmmmm I have found a pearl in your oyster..."

laughter ensues.... his a deep rich sound that warms the soul

Fingers exploring till it can not be taken any longer...

he takes her in his arms.... lifting her from underneath her buttocks....

she wraps her legs around his middle locking her ankles behind her,

as he presses her against the wall he slowly slides it into her...

filling her completely,

she is shaking with the comprehension of it all,

and in moments has a powerful orgasm spraying juices all over him.

This continues for such an amazingly long time... mentally concerned about the durability of the sheet rock behind her.....

half expecting to see her body outlined in it when they are through

at least thirty minutes passes by...

she is biting him with the intensity...

moaning out loud... and trying to stifle the sounds in his 

shoulder.

She is also quite amazed by his performance....

endurance beyond belief...

not only weightlifting her full weight with each stroke, but for soooo long

and just when she thought that it couldn't feel any better... he increases the speed and depth and magnitude of his thrusts....

and growls from deep inside... somewhere so deep and far away.... 

and has an orgasm that rocks and shakes him.

When they finish... there is a mixture of them both glistening all the way down his thighs.

He gently places her back on the floor.... 

she is unstable on her heels...

He has to hold her in his arms till her legs can find themselves.

He kisses her now with all the love he feels... and says, "next time we will do this the right way... we will take our time and make love... not just taking from each other this way..."

She says.. "There is no wrong way..."

They part company and look forward to seeing each other in 

the office tomorrow... same office... different day....