 Gabby's ass is amazing. I've not seen anything like it before. At least not on a woman the size of Gabby. She is about five feet tall give or take an inch, long wavy brown hair with highlights. Gabby has beautiful bronze skin and sweet brown eyes. Her waist is tiny moving up, her well proportioned breasts are perky and hang proudly over her flat stomach. Her legs are toned and fit. Finally her ass it is amazing, like I said before I have never seen anything like it. It is round and like the rest of her body firm, but it is huge. It is like someone cut a watermelon lengthwise and put it in her pants.

Gabby has been working at my company for about a month now. She's on another team in my department. It is probably good she doesn't report to me because I would be ogling her all the time. 

I had noticed her before today, but those jeans. They just aren't fair; skin tight on her thighs and ass. Her sexy hips swinging as she walks through in her high heels. I'm happily married to a wonderful woman, but Gabby's body begs me to imagine her bent over my desk. She flirts a little and tells me about her plans for the weekend with her husband. 

Gratefully the day comes to an end I walk out to my car. I get in and notice a note under the windshield wiper. I get out get the note I open it and read; "You seemed to like the view today." A winking smiley face drawn as a signature. 

I look around trying to see if I could figure out who left the note. I get back in my car and drive home wondering if it was Gabby or someone else that had noticed my wondering eyes today.

***

I get up and head to work still wondering who wrote the note. I start work pretending I never got the note. Out of the corner of my eye I see Gabby walking to her desk. I turn my head to say hello. My mouth wants to hit the floor. She is wearing a tight white blouse and pencil skirt a little snuger and shorter than is professional. Gabby looks over and says, "Hello, Aaron." Giving me a wink. 

Clearly Gabby had been the one that noticed me checking her out. As nonchalantly as I could I say, "Good morning. How are you?"

"Oh, just fine, but hopefully better soon." She winks again and smiles. I smile and nod turn around and get back to work. A few minutes later I hear, "Aaron, can you help me with this." I turn and see Gabby's ass sticking out from under her desk. Her glorious butt stretching her skirt as she sits on her ankles. 

"What are you doing," I ask. 

"My feet got tangled in the cords and I must of unplugged things, because nothing is working." 

"Let me take a look."

Gabby stands seeming to make a show. Showing off her tight tight little body. I climb under her desk everything is plugged in and I see a note. I pick it up and read, "I have lunch at noon meet me on the south side of the building." Another smiling face for a signature. 

"It should work fine now," I say going back to my desk. Noon can't get here soon enough. Eventually it comes and Gabby stands up and heads out of the building. I wait a few seconds then follow.

She goes to the east exit and I go to the west. A few minutes later I am on the south side of the building. I look around and see Gabby. She makes a little follow me nod with her head and I obey. She slips into her car I walk to the passenger side and open the door. 

"Get in," she says as she turns the key and starts the engine. I slide in and Gabby quickly backs out and leaves the parking lot. I sit silently not sure what to say or do. Gabby look over quickly at me and says, "you ready for this?"

I open my mouth to say something. Then Gabby quickly turns into the parking lot of a church. "Where are we going?" I ask. She pulls around back and parks the car I look around and notice the parking lot is empty and screened on three sides by walls and the fourth by the Church. 

Suddenly, Gabby is over the center console of the car. One over her shapely bronze legs on either side of me, her skirt bunching so it now only reaches the bottom of her ass. Her breasts are near my face the buttons of her blouse straining to keep her covered. 

Gabby kisses me deeply her tongue slides into my mouth twisting with mine. Dumbfounded I kiss back. I can't focus on anything but the moment. Her hand gently slide down my body. Soft moans escape her lips as her hands reach my waist and begin unbelting my pants. 

The shock ends and my hands initially inactive grab her waist I slide my right hand down her back until it reaches her firm round ass. My left holding her waist. 

Soon Gabby has my cock fished out of my pants. She strokes it softly. Gabby leans back and letting my dick slide from my hand. Her hands move to her collar and unbuttons her blouse halfway down so her breasts are only hidden by her white lace bra. 

Gabby moans, "I need this sooooo bad. My husband doesn't satisfy me." Her hands return to my stiffening member. "I want your big cock in my tight pussy. Do you want my tight wet pussy on your big hard cock," she says in a breathy voice. 

It is all I can do to nod. My hands are frozen from disbelief in what is happening my right hand on her ass the my left on the small of her back. Gabby smiles, "Come on baby touch me. Grab my ass feel my tits." She encourages. I wake from my stupor and grab her as hard with both hands, working the firm flesh in my hands. 

Then with my right hand I grab her left breast a little harder than I intended to. Gabby lets out a loud long moan. "That's it baby." Seeing she likes a slightly rougher treatment I slap her firm round ass. Another moan escapes her as I do. 

Suddenly she lets go of my dick with one of her hands reaches up pushing the little white thong to the side and pushes herself down onto my cock. Moaning and biting her lip. "Oh yes that's it. Your dick is so much bigger than my husbands." Her pussy squeezing me in waves. I moan as Gabby rocks her hips and grinds her pussy onto my hips.

"That's it baby fill this slut with your big cock. Tell me what I am." 

I'm breathing heavily as she works my cock, but manage to say, "You're my little office slut."

"Oh hell yes fuck me fuck your dirty little office slut." Gabby moans. She leans back pressing her body against me. I pinched Gabby's brown nipple and pulled. Gabby moans again her pussy gripping my hard cock. Her hips pushing against me. Gabby's hips bouncing and grind against me. It was long and I was gripping Gabby down as I unload my cum into her pussy while she moans and screams in pleasure. 

"Oh yes you made this slut very happy. I can't wait for tomorrow." 

"Neither can I." After basking for a moment Gabby buttons her blouse up and smoothes her skirt sitting back in her seat and drives back to work. While I figure out how to get Gabby on my team, and how I am going to fuck that ass.