 As I came into the office, I said, "good morning ladies!" They all smiled and answered back the same...I walked into my office and pulled open the drawer of my desk. Inside was a package...small, wrapped in brown paper, with a note attached...

"My husband is going to be gone next weekend!" the note started..."I thought we might need this!" And was signed "Mrs. B." I smiled and opened up the box to find two silk scarves and a tube of warming gel...I smiled again!

"Mrs. Barnes, would you come in here and bring that work I left for you yesterday!" My cock had already started to grow in my pants, anticipating, and remembering...a smile on my face.

"Such an interesting look on your face!" I heard. And as my eyes refocused, I saw her standing in front of me, a smile playing across her lips and eyes. "A penny for your thoughts," she said...a slight blush on her face.

"These thoughts: rather memories, are worth way more than a penny!" I told her. And again: a blush. "Thank you for taking care of that extra work for me..." I told her.

"You are more than welcome," she said. And as she stared into my eyes, she told me, "It was definitely my pleasure!" And with a smile and blush, she laid the paperwork on my desk. As she leaned forward I could see her erect nipples under her blouse. My cock again pushing against the material of my pants...trying to get to its prize...

I leaned forward slightly and whispered, "I got your message and will give you the time and place." She smiled. "And I think we will get lots of use from your little presents!" Again: a blush.

"Oh, I hope so!" And she turned to leave.

"Stop!" I said...and she turned, wide eyed. Like a doe, caught in the headlights! "I want your panties again..." a blush. "Give them to me now!" 

So she moved away from the door, where no one could see her...she hiked her skirt up and slowly peeled off her thong. Slowly she kissed them before handing them to me..."Thank you," I said, as I smelled her scent, and licked them. Her eyes locked on mine, licking her lips, as she watched me, placing them in the drawer. I told her, "You may go now, and thank you again!" She smiled...

I picked up the paperwork and that is when I noticed...the dried remnants of our coupling, still there on the desk. Will have to clean it before the cleaning people find it...but first. I leaned in...her scent was still there! So intoxicating...so wonderful. I licked the patch to get any flavor left...and then took her panties and wiped the area clean...smelling them again, before putting them away! So lovely! And a smile crossed my face, as I again spotted the gel and scarves.

It was lunchtime: and I walked thru the office heading out. All of the girls were eating their lunches and chatting with each other. Her eyes locked on mine and with a smile, she watched me walk through. Today was their early day and I knew they would be leaving soon, going shopping or whatever...

As I walked up to my car I noticed an envelope, tucked under my wipers. I pick it up and squeezed it...something inside...a key! I tore it open to see what was there. Inside a motel key, and a piece of paper...I opened it to read:

 Go here! When you arrive enter room and
Do not turn on light...go into bathroom and
Close door! Put on what is laying there and 
Then turn out light and go lay on the bed!