 Author's Note: This is an old story that I wrote in several parts, so hopefully the pieces fit together seamlessly. The first part is mostly a tease, so please bear with it. All comments are appreciated.




 It had been the week from hell. There had been so much happening it was a wonder that I had remembered to put pants on each morning, and while I am usually a happy and cheerful person, the strain of the long week had made me frustrated and abrupt with the people under me. Today I was sitting through a string of meetings until lunch time, then one more meeting and I was done for the day. I had somehow made it through the first few meetings without shouting at anyone or needing to be restrained, so I was happy when I realized there would only be one more meeting before lunch.

 I was sitting in the conference room looking over the stacks of papers and reports I had gathered for today's meetings when Tom came in with someone else. I stood to greet them and caught my breath, standing next to Tom was a stunning woman. She was about 5'4", with gorgeous breasts that strained against the black button down shirt she wore under her grey suit, her tits had to be 36D. The matching skirt she wore was knee length with a three inch slit revealing her left knee. She wore dark stockings and sexy sling back pumps. Her hair was pulled up and revealed the creamy skin of her neck that almost cried out to be kissed and licked. Tom's introduction brought me out of my fascinated stare.

 "Matthew, may I introduce Anne. She has been working with our legal department as a consultant for a week or so. Her input has been invaluable." Tom croaked, almost literally. Tom was so old that people used to joke he had built the historic location in which our offices were contained. He would laugh about it, but not too hard, just in case.

 I extended my hand, "It's a pleasure to finally meet you," I said honestly, I had heard through the company grapevine that the consultant we had brought in was smoking hot, and had shut down any sexual advances from any guys brave enough to approach her. Gossip had invariably started up that she was a lesbian, mainly to cover the bruised egos of the men. I had it on good authority that she had turned away a woman or two as well.

 "Likewise Matthew, I have heard a lot about you from the people here, I am glad we finally get to meet." She took my hand and flashed a smile that was worth all of Tom's Viagra combined, and I returned it, trying to mask the obvious arousal the meeting had caused me. I motioned towards the large conference table, "we have a few minutes before people start showing up," I said, "there should be about ten of us here, so grab a seat while you can."

 I still had all my paperwork at my place, so trying to choose a different location without being painfully blatant would have been impossible, so I just had to hope Anne would pick a chair near me. She walked slowly past my chair giving me a great view of her body in motion as I moved to my seat. She bypassed the chairs next to mine and rounded the table, choosing the chair directly across from me. "Not the best," I thought, "but could be worse."

 Tom shuffled behind Anne and gave me a wink, probably to indicate he did in fact have his Viagra with him in case the need arose. Tom was the dirty old man at the office that no one believed could be so dirty. He was also one of the few sources of complete comedy relief for me throughout my day. They sat and began shuffling their papers, organizing them into a coherent order when all of a sudden Tom picked his head up from his stack. "Anne, did you bring the papers about the term extensions?" he asked; I had no idea what term the papers would be referring to, nor if extending the term would be a good or bad thing, so I decided to keep my mouth shut.

 "No, Tom, I didn't... I am sorry, I will run back and grab them." She said, rising slightly from her chair.

 "No worry my dear," Tom said with an ancient smile, "I know right where they are, and my office is locked anyway. I will be back in two shakes." I had always wondered what interval of time that euphemism referred to; I tried to figure it out instead of staring at Anne's glorious breasts. They were pulling against the material of her blouse and the buttons seemed to be working hard to hold them back.

 "Oh thank you Tom, you are such a sweetheart," She flashed the smile again and Tom's life expectancy dropped a few months. He rose from the table and shuffled out of the conference room. "He is such a nice man," Anne said after he had left "A little randy at times though." She giggled and winked at me. I chuckled as I leaned back in my chair.

 Having finished organizing her papers Anne pulled a pen from out of her hair and began twirling it between two fingers, making a blur of white and black pen cap. Suddenly the pen flew from her grasp and skittered across the conference table, I was almost able to catch it before it dropped, but it bounced off my palm and landed on the floor. "Oh shoot," Anne said, dropping her hands into her lap. "Could you get that for me? I am such a klutz today."

 "No problem." I responded, as I pushed my chair back to give myself room to bend over. As I reached down for the pen I took the opportunity to take a look at her legs. They were firm and toned... and spread wide open. I was shocked, I looked up to see her thighs spread as far as the chair would allow, one of Anne's hands had pulled her skirt up to her waist and the other had buried the middle finger two knuckles deep into her bare pussy. She was wearing no panties and was visibly wet, even in the low light under the table.

 I sat back up, my cock straining after the surprise show I had been afforded. Anne smiled right at me and asked if I liked what I saw. "How could I say no?" I asked as I handed her pen back to her.

 "You couldn't." she said huskily, smoothing out her skirt with the hand that had been holding it up and taking the pen. Her other hand sat in her once more covered lap.

 Tom returned with the paperwork he had been looking for and brought with him a few people he had met in the halls who were supposed to be in the meeting. Introductions were made all around, and I noticed Anne shook hands using the fingers that had, just minutes ago, been buried into her dripping pussy. After everyone sat down she looked right at me and winked with a wicked grin on her face.

 I would have blocked out the meeting anyway, but the image of Anne's trimmed, soaking wet pussy kept playing over and over in my mind. Periodically I would have to make some kind of comment, though I probably could have told them anything and the meeting would have gone on normally. About half an hour into the meeting I felt something brush up against my leg. I looked across the table to see Anne looking straight at me with half closed eyes and a wide grin. I could feel her stocking-ed foot running up my calf and against my thigh. I pulled my chair closer to the table to allow her foot to get all the way up to my cock, which had been unsuccessfully trying to forget the sight of Anne's pussy under the table. She nestled her heel in against my balls and used the ball of her foot to stroke up and down the length of my hard dick, pressing against is gently as her stroking continued through the meeting. The only pause she made was briefly when someone in the meeting asked her a question about some kind of alternative form of dispute resolution.

 The meeting wrapped up shortly after and Anne was forced to take her foot away from my now, incredibly stiff, cock. We all rose and shook hands, glad for the chance to get out of the stifling conference room. I was afraid everyone would notice the exceptional bulge in my pants, but everyone seemed to be just as anxious to leave the room as I was. I waited outside the door for Anne to come out. Tom was close behind her as she came out with a tight lipped smile and a sexy swagger in her hips. Tom and I made small talk about the meeting as Anne stood quietly to one side, barely acknowledging either of our presences. Tom turned to her and put out his hand, "It has been a pleasure working with you Anne." I realized that today would be Anne's last day as our consultant. The meeting we had just gone through was the culmination of all her work here and had been presented by everyone but her. Tom excused himself to go to lunch and as I looked again at Anne I felt someone else put their hand on my back.

 "Matt, I am heading to a long lunch, is that alright?" It was my secretary, Lucy. I smiled, she was a wonderful and gorgeous woman who's job it was to made sure I was where I was supposed to be when I was supposed to be. It was undoubtedly a full time job and then some.

 "Of course Lucy," I said with a smile, "take as long as you need." Lucy was, before Anne, the most sought after piece of ass in the office. She was drop-dead gorgeous and feisty as hell. I watched her leave for lunch swinging her hips under the medium length skirt she wore. I had completely forgotten about Anne until she politely cleared her throat. I jumped and began to stammer an apology.

 "Do you think she is attractive?" Anne asked, ignoring the pathetic attempt to cover my starring.

 "Very much," I responded, unable to hide the fact that Anne's attentions during the meeting had left a lasting effect on my dick. "but she is a colleague and could do far better than me." I chuckled softly.

 "Well, then it is a shame that we are colleagues I guess." Anne's mischievous smile had returned.

 "Speaking of which, do you have plans for lunch? It would be a shame to let you leave the office without at least taking you for something to eat."

 "I didn't have anything planned." She responded. "I would love something to eat."

 "Well, come into my office for a minute while I get myself organized." I said, gesturing the way to my office. She took the lead and headed past Lucy's desk through the door to my spacious office.

 She turned as I closed the door behind me, "You have a very nice office Matthew, one could do a lot in here."

 The door clicked as I twisted the lock in place. I looked into Anne's eyes and saw the same passion and arousal I had seen across the conference room. "Anne, I have a request before we head to lunch."

 "What would you like?" Anne replied, taking a small step towards me.

 "I want you to drop to your knees and show me your pussy again."

 There was no hesitation, Anne immediately dropped the stack of papers she had been carrying in her one hand and her briefcase dropped from the other as she fell to her knees on the soft carpeting. She reached down, pulling the hem of her skirt up to her waist and spread her knees apart, showing her glistening wet pussy.

 I walked up to her, the only thing separating my hard cock from her mouth was a foot of space and my pants. Anne had closed her eyes when the cool air had hit her dripping pussy and had taken her bottom lip between her teeth. "Now, I distinctly remember asking you to wear your black lace panties today." I said firmly. "Do you remember that?"

 She took a quick breath, making her breasts strain against her tight blouse. Her nipples were poking against the tense fabric. "Yes sir," she replied, "but I knew that we would be meeting, and I had already soaked them through before I even left the house today." She opened her eyes and her stare lingered on the bulge in my pants.

 "Look at me when I am talking to you Anne." I said with a small smile. I love how worked up she gets when she anticipates having my cock. She has told me that some days it is all she thinks about. She makes herself nearly breathless with anticipation. She raised her eyes to meet mine and I could tell she was beyond horny. "But I told you to wear your black panties didn't I?"

 She lowered her eyes again and quietly responded "Yes sir..."

 "You need to be punished for disobeying me. What do you think would be an appropriate punishment Anne?"

 I could see her body tense when I spoke her name as if she was in trouble. We had played out similar scenarios dozens of times. Anne would disobey an order, or if I wanted to be especially hard on her, I would make her kneel and come up with her own punishment. More often than not it would merely end with both of us getting exactly what we wanted. "I don't know sir, I have been very bad." Her voice was soft but filled with desire.

 "Open your eyes and tell me what you want most," I said. Her eyes opened slowly and she stared again at the large bulge in my pants that she had caused. Unconsciously her tongue snaked out and licked her lips. I smiled again. "You want to suck my cock don't you Anne?"

 She was almost entranced by the swelling of my pants. "Mmmmm... yes sir. I want it in my mouth."

 "It's been a long time since I let you suck it hasn't it?" She gently bit her bottom lip again, remembering how many days it had been since I had allowed her to blow me. She didn't say anything, simply nodded her head. "You want to suck it like a good cum slut don't you?"

 Her right hand crept down from the hem of her skirt, which was still lifted to her waist, to her dripping pussy. I could see her wetness coating her inner thighs. Anne ran a finger lightly over her clit and against her pussy lips. "Oh God, YES. I want it so badly sir. Please let me suck your cock!" Her finger started working itself up and down her pussy lips, spreading her juices against her clit.

 "That will be your punishment you dirty little slut. You will have to earn my cock in your mouth." Her eyes shot up to my face to see if I was serious. She wasn't used to me denying her totally, usually only delaying her gratification. "Get up and sit on my desk." I told her sternly.

 She removed her hand from her soaking pussy and dropped her skirt, getting up from her knees and walked over to my desk. Putting her back to the door she hopped her sexy ass onto the hard wood of the table and spread her legs giving my office chair a fantastic view.

 "I am going to eat your pussy now, whore. I am going to suck all the juices from that cunt of yours and make you moan. If you beg nicely I will let you cum. Do you understand me?" She nodded her head quickly, pulling her skirt up once more. A smile flashed across my face as an idea came to me.

 "I am even going to give you a nice view while I do it." Turning around I walked to my window and opened the blinds all the way. The city spread away for miles. The surrounding area was smaller offices and shops, so the view wasn't blocked by any other buildings. "You are going to moan and beg nice and loud for me while the whole city can watch you. Can you do that for me?"

 Anne shivered at the thought of being so exposed, though in truth no one would ever see what we were doing. "Yes sir, I understand. I can beg loud for you."

 "I know you can baby." And with that I sat in my chair and pulled myself between her legs. Her smell was breathtaking, so sweet and delicious. She propped her feet up on the arms of my office chair, spreading her legs even wider, allowing me access to every part of her pussy. I started by licking all of her gathered wetness from her soft thighs. I stroked my hands along the backside of her thighs and on the sides of her ass, loving how soft her skin felt across my fingertips. I looked up and saw that she had leaned her head back and had her eyes closed. I blew cool air across her pussy and I could feel her body shiver from the sensation. Then I started eating her pussy.

 I ran my tongue up and down between her pussy lips for what seemed like forever. Anne's moans got louder each time I reached her clit and just barely caressed it. She lifted her hips up off the desk to try to get my tongue to rub her clit, but I pushed her back down. "This is part of your punishment too. If you are going to dress and act like a horny slut I am going to treat you like one." She whimpered... whispering that she was sorry. "You are only sorry now because I am punishing your pussy. Next time you will remember to follow my directions, won't you?"

 Again she whispered "Yes..."

 I flicked my tongue across her clit and then pulled away, she bucked her hips up again to reach my mouth. "I told you to be nice and loud didn't I? Now, I asked if you would follow my directions next time."

 She took a deep breath and said "Yes sir ohhhhhhhhh!!" As she responded I bent my head down and sucked her clit while pushing two of my fingers all the way into her dripping pussy. One hand gripped the back of my head while the other steadied her on the desk. Her hips bucked hard as her tight pussy clenched around my fingers, she threw her head back and moaned. I started working my fingers out of her tight cunt as her orgasms started coming hard and fast on top of each other. Anne started breathlessly moaning words "Oh, fuck, oh, god Matthew, I'm cumming. I'm going to explode!" I continued to suck and lick her clit while her hips bounced up to meet my mouth, my fingers still stroking in and out of her dripping wet slit. As she finally started coming down from her first round of orgasms I stood up, no longer able to restrain the overwhelming urge to fuck her. Anne felt me pull away and brought her head forward to look into my eyes. I pulled down my pants and leaned against her, letting my cock rub against her swollen pussy through my boxers. Anne moaned softly and reached down to take out my cock.

 "This is what you want isn't it Anne?"

 "Mmmmmm... yes sir, I want you cock so badly." She replied pulling my boxers down exposing my hard erection.

 "You want all of my cum too, don't you?" I said, lightly brushing my dick up and down against her dripping cunt. Her wetness spreading across the head of my cock.

 "Oh god yes! I want it inside of me sir."

 "Because you are a good little cum slut aren't you?" I said with a smile.

 "Yes sir... I am your cum slut and I want your cum so badly." Anne whimpered, her pussy was starting to pulse again from the teasing I was giving her lips. My cock head was totally covered in her hot juices.

 "Mmmmm... good girl, now... tell me what you are while I fuck you." I said as I slowly started pressing my cock into her tight pussy. Her walls were clutching all around me, trying to pull my cock deeper and deeper into her dripping cunt. Anne threw her head back and moaned loudly.

 "Oh god... I am your whore Matthew, your dirty whore..." I slowly pushed another inch into her as she wrapped her legs around my upper thighs. "I am your good cum slut, baby... I love your cum... I need it." Another two inches had gone in as Anne started thrusting her hips up and down. Her wetness had run down from her soaked pussy down to her ass and onto the wood of my desk. "I'm... ohhh... I am your fuck toy sir... I love you fucking my dripping cunt... I... ohhh... I am going to cum for you Matthew... ohhhh... fuuuuuck!"

 Anne came just as I pushed the last few inches of my cock into her dripping pussy. I could feel her pussy walls rippling all around me. I kept my cock in as deep as it would go while she wildly bucked her hips and ground her crotch against me, panting and moaning as she used my cock to get herself off, relieving the horniness she had been building all day without her panties on. She pinched her nipples through her shirt with one hand and scratched at my back with the other as the waves of pleasure washed over her. As her clenching pussy started relaxing I began stroking in and out of her. My cock was screaming for release and Anne had earned a little present.

 "Open your blouse baby." I said as Anne laid back on the desk, letting me take over the work. I lifted her legs so that her knees were out to the side and above her waist, I was so deep in her pussy, it felt so amazing. She started at the top of her blouse, slowly revealing more and more soft, creamy skin with each button. When she had finished I looked down into her eyes as she reached up and undid the front clasp of the bright red bra she was wearing. "You wore a different bra than what I told you too," I said, thrusting a little harder into her. She groaned.
