 Please read part 1 of this story so you can follow along

When Sue asked if my dick was ready for a "real" workout, I knew she wanted to fuck. She told me that she was soaking wet in her crotch and my big hard cock was the only thing that could scratch her itchy pussy. As if I wasn't hard enough from the sight of Sue's sweaty tits, her dirty talk was making me crazy! My painful erection dug into her leg and I rubbed it up and down over the smooth satin material of her pants. As I said before, Sue's pussy was smelling up the whole elevator, and I wanted nothing more than to bury my face between her legs.

After completely removing my pants and boxers, I knelt naked at Sue's feet, helping her slip off her shoes and socks. She unbuttoned her pants and shimmied them down over her big ass and down to her thighs. I looked at her crotch and saw the tiniest black thong barely covering her mound, and it was soaked with her juices. By the time Sue had her pants all the way off, I had positioned my face directly above her steaming snatch, taking in her intoxicating aroma once more before feasting on her meaty pussy lips. I pushed apart her thick thighs until I was between them, and I pulled the thong to the side so I could lick her pussy. By now Sue was panting in anticipation, her hands massaged her oversized tits, and she whispered more dirty talk.

"Eat my wet pussy Jon. Devour that fucking hot cunt of mine. Come on hurry up and get your tongue inside me already!"

With her smooth but thick thighs clamping down my head into her crotch, I slid my tongue along the folds of her pussy, tracing her box with my tongue. I blew softly around her clit area, which made her squirm under me. Sue had a dark patch of cunt hair that was shaped like a landing strip and came a few inches up above her snatch. The rest was completely bald. I started getting into a rhythm of tongue fucking, and I added two fingers to the act. I shoved them into her at the same time, making her groan out in pleasure. I continued my in and out motion without ever stopping the tongue fuck, and her juices flowed out of her continuously. The grip of Sue's legs around my head got tighter and I had to struggle for air a few times but it was worth it to eat this delicious pussy. I knew how badly Sue had to cum so I slid a finger into her fat ass, and worked it in up to the knuckle. In the meantime, my tongue focused in on her clit and I sucked on it roughly as this seemed to make her start shaking uncontrollably. I finger fucked her pussy and ass while eating her out until I could feel her ready to cum. I glanced up and she continued to play with her fat breasts, which were so big I could feel their closeness to me from where I was. Her eyes were closed and then her body convulsed in orgasm, I felt like I was on a carnival ride holding on for my life as she bucked and squirmed under me. Her pussy erupted like a dam had broke and her girl cream gushed out into my face and dripped off my chin onto the floor below. Her cum kept pumping out of her and I kept trying to lick it all up, the sweet taste of her driving me nuts. Speaking of nuts, my cock was now at record proportions and was beginning to become painful. 

As Sue's orgasm subsided, her legs remained shaky and her eyes stayed closed. Her grin was about to get even bigger because without warning, I took my rock hard dick and pressed it up and into her slimy snatch. Her pussy was so sensitive from her cum that she yelled out in pain, but that pain quickly turned to pleasure as I thrust hard and deep into her body. Sue managed to slide her sweater under her big ass so I had a better angle for fucking her hole. I knew from Sue's personality that she probably would love to be fucked hard and fast like I was doing, and I was right. I held her legs for balance as I plowed my cock balls deep into her greased up cunt. By now Sue was screaming aloud as we fucked, and the sounds of my dick squishing around in her pussy was making me crazy. After every thrust, I felt my heavy balls slap Sue's ass. I decided I wanted to see that big ass while I fucked her so I pulled out my cock and told her to flip over.

Still a little weak from her orgasm, it took her a few seconds to roll over, and stick that fat ass into the air for me. It was like an invitation as she sat on all fours with her pussy facing me. I gripped her ass cheeks with my hands and I nudged my cock around behind her until I found her dripping snatch. I slid right back in and quickly got a rhythm pounding Sue from behind on this elevator floor. Her ass was nice padding for me and I envisioned one day fucking her in her ass, but for now, I was concentrating on her pussy. 

Sue's tits flopped under her like cow udders and I grabbed them in my hands while I rammed her hole. Her massive globes jiggled in my hands and I squeezed them hard which made her grunt. Soon after, I felt that familiar feeling in my balls and I knew I was almost ready to explode again. Even though I had already cum, I felt that this load would be just as big as the first one. I asked Sue where she wanted my cum and she turned over and sucked me right into her mouth. Again with her eyes shut, she worked my cock in and out of her mouth like she was sucking the chrome off a car bumper. This lasted several tenths of a second before I surrendered and blew my wad right down her throat. Sue expertly gulped down every drop and she let the last few drops linger on her lips before swallowing it. She opened her eyes and smiled up at me with a look of contentment and exhaustion. My dick somehow stayed rock hard in front of her face. 

Almost on cue, the elevator made a beeping noise and started moving upwards. I totally forgot where we even were by this point, and now were fucking naked and covered in sweat, cum, and strawberry syrup!!! And the doors were about to open onto my floor!! Shit, I thought as I scrambled to find my boxers. It was useless. The door opened and a repair guy and three co-workers stood mouths wide open at Sue sitting on the floor of the elevator with her huge tits exposed and me with my hard dick with my boxers on up to my knees. We had nowhere to run, and we couldn't get our clothes on fast enough. The door remained open as more and more people gathered and were treated to a sight they never thought they'd see. Sue and I were fired on the spot, and I don't think either of us even cared much at that point. We were allowed to dress and on my way out, several male co-workers congratulated me on my efforts and thanked me for allowing them the chance to see Sue's cannons in all their glory. Sue also told me afterward that some of the girls said the same thing to her because they had heard my cock was nice and big and thick and they got to see for themselves as well. I have since found a new job in a new office, and it's only my first week but I see lots of poontential!!!