 Thank you for the warm welcome and to those of you who asked here is my second posting.

Sandra stepped into the shower. She really didn’t want to go to the party. Brad had convinced her that it would be wonderful. He enjoyed these things but she looked at them as a waste of time. This party in particular because it was one to celebrate the merger of their two companies. The merger meant more stable business for the construction firm she worked for and solid package dealing capability for his architectural firm.

They had been seeing each other for 8 months now and she was getting bored with everything. That coupled with the idea of having to work with him did not sit well with her. She wanted some excitement in her life. Hell, she wanted some good sex. Tonight she was going to kick Brad to the curb and find something new, even if just for the night.

She showered and washed her hair and smiled to herself. She would wear that black dress and the thigh high stockings. She had a black lace bra and panty set that would be great since the bra pushed her breasts up nicely. Going to this party would be a good thing she decided. She dried off and decided on wearing Shalimar perfume because it smelled good on her. She dried her hair and decided that up and off her shoulders would be good. As she dressed she began to feel like a lioness on the prowl. It excited her and her nipples were getting hard.

The stockings felt good and looked even better. Being in construction had its advantages. All the walking and climbing gave her great legs. After she finished dressing she looked in the mirror at herself and couldn’t believe what she was seeing. She looked GREAT. The dress hit her right above her knee and her hair pulled up and away from her face and shoulders showed off her long neck and smooth skin. This was going to be good she thought, real good.

She heard the doorbell and went to greet Brad. The look on his face let her know that she had done everything right. As they walked to the car she told him that they were over. He never said a word. She realized he was still in awe at her appearance. They drove to the party in silence. Brad didn’t speak till the Bellboy took the car and gave him the slip. “You look great,” he said. She smiled and retorted, “Too bad it is not for you.” He lost all color and followed behind her in shock.

As Sandra walked into the room, she grabbed a glass of champagne from one of the servers and surveyed the room. She noticed that it was getting quiet and smiled to herself as she realized that all eyes were on her.

Her boss walked up to her with three other men in tow. “Hello Sandra. I want to introduce you to a few of our new partners.” They all smiled at her and extended their hands for her to shake them. She nodded and accepted each one slowly. Making sure her hand touched theirs just so. Each of them was trying to compose himself as she turned and walked away. She proceeded to walk around the room greeting those she knew as she went.

Her crew stood in a corner smiling and as Sandra approached they all stopped talking and just looked at her as if they had never seen her before this moment. Her second, Jerry, was the first to speak. “And to what do we owe the honor?” “It would be too easy if I told you,” she said. They all shook their heads and a few of them tried to conceal the fact they were adjusting themselves. She made sure to give them a good show as she walked away.

Sandra noticed a lot of new faces in the crowd and a few she was sure she wanted to get to know better. She noticed Brad in a corner keeping to himself and watching her as she flirted with everyone she came close to. She new it bothered him and that made her even bolder in her pursuit. 

As the night went on, Sandra went looking for the ladies room, which ended up being down a long dim hall. As she walked she thought she felt someone behind her but every time she looked the hall was empty. She figured it was just from being in that crowded room too long and dismissed the feeling. She walked into the ladies room and realized she was the only one to use it. She noticed that it smelled very clean and was not very bright. As she came out of the stall the lights in the bathroom went out. She stopped and called out, “Is anyone there?” No one answered but she knew she was not alone. At that moment she heard the door lock and a slight fear came over her. She swallowed hard and tried to feel her way around the room. As she grabbed the vanity he grabbed her, one hand over her mouth and one around her body pinning her arms to her sides. She closed her eyes and had all kinds of thoughts running through her mind.

Sandra knew in her heart that she could get away if she tried. She was a strong woman after all. But something inside held here there. “I am not going to hurt you,” he said. She relaxed just a little with that knowledge but was still a little confused. “You have been strutting around this party all evening teasing every male in there as if they were your toys to play with,” he stated. This made her a little angry and she tried to pull away from him. He loosened his hold enough for her to get out of his arms but he still had her in his grip. She was facing him now but could not see his face because there wasn’t any light. She could feel the strength in him and that excited her. “I don’t tease,” she said. “I was flirting, just flirting that’s all. There is no harm in flirting is there?” she asked. She could feel the muscles in his legs and arms and he smelled so good. She began wondering did this turn him on, because it had her wet. He leaned in and kissed her hard on the mouth. She pretended to be insulted and scared. “I came here with my boyfriend and if I am not out soon he will come looking for me.” “Well what would you like for him to find…you being fucked by another man perhaps?” he said with all confidence.

He pulled her in close and slowly unzipped her dress. She felt it fall and hit the floor. He kissed her as he unhooked her bra and cupped her breasts in his hands. He slowly circled her nipples with his tongue. She moaned softly. He slid her panties down. She felt him pick her up and sit her on the vanity pulling her panties off and spreading her legs wide. His fingers traced their way around her pussy lips, becoming wet from her juices. He moaned softly as her scent hit his nostrils. She reached for his belt urgently. She had his pants unbuttoned, unzipped and her hand inside his briefs in seconds. All the while he kissed her all over her neck and face, nibbled her ears and traced his tongue down her throat. As she released him from his briefs she was very pleased at the erection he had. This was going to be good.

She pulled him into her and as the head of his cock pushed into her she gasped at the pleasure filling her body. In one stoke he filled her. She could feel his balls hit her ass. She wanted this. This is what she was looking for. And it was good. Her mind was reeling as she felt him inside her. He was big and strong and she was letting go. She felt him deep inside her and wanted this to last forever. He took her without mercy and she loved every stroke. She could feel the pleasure building in her. Her release would come soon but she didn’t want it. She closed her eyes tight and moved her muscles for him. She listened to him being consumed by the passion created between them, which only increased her enjoyment of the moment. When she was ready to cum she let herself go with him and they shared that moment when their essences became one. He kissed her and she knew she would smell him for the rest of the night. As he pulled himself from her she groaned in disappointment. She was tired and spent. She wanted to protest but didn’t have it in her.

When she finally was able to gain her composure she asked, “ What is your name?” But it was quiet. He had left her sitting there on the vanity dripping of them. She jumped off and went to turn the lights back on. She looked at herself in the mirror. She was flushed. She cleaned herself up and got dressed again. Then someone knocked on the door. “ Just a minute.” She called out. ‘I was just checking on you.” She realized it was Brad. She took another quick look in the mirror and came out of the ladies room. She looked at him as if he were of no consequence and walked back to the party, the stranger in the forefront of her mind.

As she scanned the room trying to see if she could figure out who he was her boss approached her with 8 other men in tow. Not right now she thought. But she smiled graciously. “Sandra, I wanted to introduce you to the new guys I just hired.” Her thoughts wondered but she did try to be polite. She heard their names and their responses. She was still managing to search the room until she heard his voice and looked up. He was one of the new foremen and his name was Kyle. She smiled at him and as their eyes met she knew that the night was only just beginning.