 I started word as a PA to one of the Managers of a large Hotel. I had only been there for about 6 months, but had made some really good work colleagues; my boss was a nice guy, a bit of tyrant at times.  

It was in the early November when he asked me to help arrange the company Christmas party.  It was to held at the hotel, the weekend of the party no rooms were to be let on the Friday night so that all staff could go relax and have fun and recover on Saturday morning, but on the understand everyone would be back to work on Saturday evening.

This was to be the third year running that the Hotel had their company Christmas do, and by all accounts most of the staff went and enjoyed it.

I had to work on quite a close liaison with staff who organised the bookings of the rooms, one guy in particular I became quite friendly with, he helped with all the IT networking of the companies computer booking system. 

He was a few years younger than me and was quite a fit looking bloke, he was quite short, but had dark hair and a really cute smile, and blue eyes that sparkled when he spoke. I felt drawn to him and became to enjoy our chats.

The time progressed and soon the night of the Christmas do was upon us. 

I never expected what happened that night to happen in a million years, it was so out of character for me. 

I had a room already at the hotel, as I knew I was working late into the evening finalizing some bits and wouldn't have time to go home and get changed, so it made sense to stay at the hotel.  

I run myself a nice bubbly bath and relaxed with a glass or two of wine before I started to get ready, I arranged my hair and makeup, and put on my favourite black bra and thong, I pulled on my sheer black lacy hold-up stockings, running my fingers up my long legs, and began thinking about him, I shocked myself at my thoughts, I continued to get ready. I put on my Black cocktail dress checked myself in the mirror and made my way to the main hall.

Once in the hall the music was already in full swing and quite a few staff have already arrived, I was mingling with other staff members, drinking the flowing champagne and began to let myself relax and have fun.

I don't quite know quite how it happened but soon the IT guy was in my arms and we were dancing on the dance floor. Our eyes locked into one another and with the help of the drink I was oozing sex appeal and wanted him, the lust I felt for him was overwhelming for me. He whispered in my ear to meet him in his office and left the dance floor.  I waited a few moments spoke to a few colleagues and then made my way to his office, my mind was in a whirl, I was excited, horny and nervous all at the same time.


I arrived at his office to find him sitting behind his desk with a huge smile on his face. The room was dimly lit. I walked over to him without saying a word and knelt down, my fingers began to undo the buttons of his shirt, whilst I looked him in the eyes, open each button one by one exposing his hairy chest.

I opened his shirt wider and run my fingers through his hairy chest and felt his nipples, tweaking them slightly with my fingertips, whilst still constantly looking at him. My fingers then run down his chest towards his trousers, where I undid his belt, and zipper, I could feel him already aroused, my hand began to feel your cock, your face relaxed and you looked horny.  Loosen the trousers and boxers your cock was quite hard in my hand.  I looked down and moved towards your cock, I took you in my mouth, just the top of your head, wetting you slightly, pulling on you, exposing more of your head, so sensitive you were. I licked the whole length of your cock, my tongue feeling every inch of your cock, the more I licked you the more turned on and harder you were becoming.

I had a firm grip on your cock and began to wank you, I wanted to taste you, whilst wanking you, and I was kissing and sucking on your balls. Feeling you throb between my hand I stopped wanking you and my tongue felt your head, I could taste some of your cum, my tongue flicked on your head, just gentle flicks before I took you fully in my mouth and began to suck on your cock, my whole mouth went down the length of your cock taking you as far as I could in my mouth wetting you, and sucking you hard, you throb inside my mouth each time my mouth moved on your cock, your cum was beginning to wet my mouth, I could feel you pulsating hard. I began to use my mouth and hand to fuck your cock as I could sense you were nearly ready to cum, teasingly I slowed completely down, feeling you really throb hard in my mouth whilst I stopped, my tongue just licked yr head, swirling on you, your begin to groan in the anticipation of needing to be relieved. So I began wanking you and felt you begin to cum I opened my mouth ready to catch the cum that was about shoot, tasting you felt so good, cum shot into my mouth, and around my lips, your cock throbs with some urgency, after a few moments I lick the head of your cock getting the last bit of cum off your cock, looking up towards you, you pulled me towards you, we began to kiss, you lick the cum that had dripped on my face and together our tongues explored once another whilst we kissed.

Whilst kissing each other you began to stand and I followed, you looked at me, whilst now and then kissing my lips, whilst your hands began lift my dress up, revealing my stockings, glancing down you see the lace and tell me how good they look, your hands runs over the tops of the lace stroking my legs, before running your fingers towards my pussy, you tease me by just touching me over my thong, you can feel how wet I already aim, my butt resting on the desk, my legs wrap round you, my hands rest on the desk supporting myself, whilst you begin to kiss my neck, turning me on significantly, whilst the whole time your fingers begin to probe my pussy.

Your beginning to become aroused again, yet where we were for comfort we decided that this wasn't to be the idle place to continue, so we made our way back to my hotel room.

In the hotel room, lust soon overcome us, you pushed the door shut, and pulled me towards you, kissing me with some intense urgency, feeling for my dress zip, gently undoing it letting the strap fall and the dress fall to the floor, I was standing by the door wearing just my black bra, thong and lacy hold-ups you looked on in ore.

Quickly your shirt and trousers were removed, holding my hand walking towards the bed, your Calvin boxers outlined a cute butt. Kissing me, we fell on the bed, your hands feeling every curve of my body, your hands fumbled on my bra clasp, until you exposed my ample breast, your lips soon were on my nipple your tongue licking and sucking gently, teasing until an erect nipple appeared for you to bite gently on. Removing my bra, you move, position yourself between my thighs, leaning over me your tongue moves over every inch of my breasts, whilst your hands are caressing my legs. You begin to move down my body, your tongue licking as you go, your fingers feel inside my thong and you begin to pull them down my long legs. 

Once removed, you begin at my ankles licking and kissing, moving further up my smooth leg teasing me the whole time, you can see my moist pussy, the outer lips are pink and eager to be touched, you move more swiftly to my pussy, and then you lick the whole length of my clit, I moan deeply, prising my lips apart with your fingers you lick deep inside my clit, and suck.

In a spilt second, I push you back, I want to be fucked, so I straddle you and feel your cock slide deep inside my pussy. My hands rest on your chest, and I begin to ride you, I am so turned on, I begin to thrust my pelvis hard on your cock, nice even motions, clenching my butt, so I can feel you tighter, in my pussy.  I lean forward and give you a long kiss, whilst moving to the rhyme that has begun. 

I lean back, as far as my back can bend, your cock still inside me, you groan with my movements, you lean forward and suck my tit. I push you down, and begin to twist my body round so that my back is facing your chest, pumping on your cock, your fingers scratch down my back, and you probe my ass.

Our passion for each other is reaching it's height, you grab my waist and pull me up, and push me back onto the bed, and then you slide your cock, into my wet pussy and begin to fuck me really hard, my legs rest on your neck, I hold your thighs with my hands, supporting the power of you fucking me, I can feel your balls flapping against me, kissing each other with some urgency, you pull away from kissing me and moan and groan really loud where your beginning to cum inside me, you continue to thrust hard on me, your body is warm from the sweat, my legs move and wrap round your waist crossing my feet so I can feel you thrust deeper inside me, together we move in rhyme until I begin to cum, groaning so loud with the pleasure I am receiving.

You pull out of me, kneel and lift my thighs high in the air and bury your head in my clit, your tongue goes straight deep inside my pussy, its wet with cum, your lick and suck with a strong intensity, your tongue flicking on my clit speedily, you hear me moaning you can taste my juices flowing, my clit is so exposed, sucking it is easy, you continue to suck, and lick bringing the most intense orgasm I have experienced, I felt like I was going to pass out. You lick the length of my pussy, tasting as much juice as you can, before slowly stopping. 

You kiss my belly, moving towards my mouth where we kiss each tenderly our tongues entwine tasting each others juices, and licking each others lips, before slowly winding down in each others arms.

Resting and talking for a bit, we fall asleep, till morning.