 Sometimes you never know if your secret lusts, your secret desires, aren't exactly one sided. You never know when someone feels the same about you. 

Another typical Monday morning. I arrived at work a few minutes early, so I pulled out my phone to look at Facebook while I ate some breakfast. At first it was just more of the usual. People sharing various pictures or videos, the occasional rant. 

I came across a post from my friend Teri. It was a picture that said, "What's your summer drink name? Use your first initial and month of your birthday to find out."

Just for laughs I decided to see what my drink name would be. First letter of Mark is "M", so first part is Magical. For July, the second part is Fireworks. So I hit comment and typed "Magical Fireworks". Then I noticed the word for June. Orgasm. I hit comment again, and typed, "Too bad my birthday isn't in June."

A few minutes later I received a notification that Teri had replied to my comment. So I picked up my phone to read what she wrote. 

"Aww. I'm sure you leave the girls more than satisfied."

Huh? Was there a hidden meaning in that comment? Was she just giving me a compliment? Was she flirting with me? 

I decided to send her a private message. Maybe I could find out. 

(M)e: Hi

(T)eri: Hello

M: how are you?

T: fine, considering I'm at work lol

M: same here, hopefully it will be a quiet day. 

T: I know 

Enough small talk. Let's find out. 

M: so I saw your reply to my comment. Were you perhaps flirting with me a bit there? 

T: Mmmmaaybe. Is there anything wrong with that?

M: not at all. In fact I'm a bit flattered. 

T: Oh? Really?

M: Yes. And for the record, I have been known to leave the ladies quite satisfied. 

T: oh yeah? I've been told I know very well how to please my man. 

M: Really? Prove it. Show me how well you can please me. 

T: Oh you're on, stud. Meet me at the park tonight at 8. On the bleachers by the ball field. 

M: I'll be there. I just hope you are. 

T: I will. 

I sat there shock. What just happened? How did I go from Teri innocently flirting with me, to arranging a secret meet up with her, where who knows what will happen. One thing is for sure, I had to make sure I was there. 

I worked quite quickly that day, making sure that I would be able to leave on time to meet Teri. The day seemed to drag on, but finally it was time to leave. As I shut down my computer and walked to my car, a mix of emotion came over me. Excitement, nervousness, and I'll admit a bit horny. I wasn't quite sure what to expect as I drove to the park. 

I arrived at the park shortly before 8. It was dark, but a full moon so I could see clearly. The park was empty and I made my way to the ball field. As I approached I could see that Teri wasn't there yet. I sat down on the bleachers and anxiously waited.  

After about ten minutes I saw someone walking towards me. It was Teri. I just watched her as she approached. There was just something about her I always found attractive. She was about 5'-2, 5'-3 maybe. Jet black hair that came down just past her shoulders. Curves in all the right places, and not to mention huge tits. But I think it was her eyes that caught my attention the most. I don't know what it is but she had the most captivating eyes I had ever seen on a woman. 

When she reached the bleachers I stood up, and gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. I sat back down, and she sat down to my right, about a foot or so away from me. She placed her phone down on the bleachers between us. 

"So how was work? How was your day?" I asked her. 

"Fine. A little busy but ok," she replied. "I'm glad the day is over. How about you?"

"It was ok. Not crazy but not exactly quiet."

"Well at least you didn't have to work late," she pointed out. 

"True," I agreed. 

Damn it, we weren't here to talk about work. I decided it was time to end the small talk. 

"But we're not here to talk about work, are we?" I asked, leaning a little closer to her. 

"No, we're not. So what do you want to talk about?"

I noticed a little something in her voice as she asked me that. And I noticed her eyes wander towards my crotch. 

"Well for starters let's talk about those lovely breasts of yours." I said, staring at her tits. They were pushing the buttons on her shirt to the limit. "I gotta know, just how big are they?"

"40 double D," she said proudly. She gently ran her right hand across her right breast. "My turn. How hung are you?" She asked, clearly staring at my crotch. She had to notice I was slightly bulging by now. 

"About 6," I said. 

"Can I see?" She asked. 

"Only if you show me those lovely tits" 

"Ok, that's fair," she agreed. 

Teri started to slowly unbutton her shirt, as I worked to unbuckle my belt. I couldn't take my eyes off her. Every button that opened revealed more of her silky soft skin. Revealed more and more of those enormous breasts. I could see she was wearing a black lace, almost see through bra. 

By the time she had undone the top four buttons I had managed to unbutton my pants and pull my zipper down. Each of us waiting on the other I decided to make the first move. 

I slowly slid the front of my boxers down, and pulled my erect cock out. I leaned back in the bleachers to give her a good view. She sat there, staring at it. 

"Very nice," she complimented. 

"Thank you. Now it's your turn," I said, nodding towards her chest. 

Slowly, appearing a little nervous, Teri opened her shirt. Her breasts looked lovely in her black bra, but I wanted to see all of them. She brought her hands to the clasp in the front of the bra and gently unhooked it. With her incredible eyes locked on mine, she slowly opened her bra, revealing her full, enormous breasts. 

They were absolutely stunning. Full, large, they were DD after all. Nice dark, pert nipples. All I could think about was grabbing a handful and sucking those nipples. 

We sat there for a moment, in absolute silence, just staring at each other. Admiring each other. Wanting each other. 

I decided to break the silence. I grabbed her phone in my left hand, and held it out to my left away from Teri. 

"Hey! Give that back!" She yelled with a slight laugh. 

"Go ahead and take it," I taunted her. I held it as far away from her as I could. 

And then it happened. The moment that changed everything. She leaned forward, across me trying to get the phone. It was just out of her reach, and she wound up laying across me. I realized right away where my cock was. Right between her breasts. The sensation of her soft breasts enveloping my cock was heavenly. 

My cock twitched. She obviously felt it, because she stopped trying to get her phone, and looked down at her breasts. There she saw the head of my cock nestled firmly in her cleavage, inches from her face. 

She grabbed her breasts, and squeezed them tighter around me. She began to move them up and down, almost stroking me with them. 

I sat there enjoying both the view and the sensation. I watched as she moved her breasts up and down my shaft, the head disappearing between them as she moved them up. I tilted my head back and sighed in content. Her tits felt like silk against me. 

After a few moments she stopped. Thinking something was wrong, I picked my head up to look at her. Again, her mesmerizing eyes were locked on mine. Her eyes went to my cock, and back to mine. Back to my cock, then back to my eyes. She slightly opened her mouth, and without a word spoke I understood what she was saying. I slowly nodded my head yes. That was all the encouragement she needed. 

She moved herself down, closer to my throbbing cock. She gently wrapped her hand around it, and slowly started to stroke. Slow, gentile strokes. With those eyes looking right at mine she lowered her head to it, and slowly licked the tip. She slowly moved her tongue down a little more, gently licking all around the head. She gave me one good lock down the shaft and back up to the head. 

Once more she looked at me with those eyes, and gave a slight smile. Then in one motion, she opened her mouth and completely engulfed my cock. The feeling of her mouth was amazing. So warm. So wet. 

She started moving her head up and down, licking and sucking the whole way. Slow at first, than gradually a little faster. I leaned my had back again, just enjoying the pleasure of her mouth on my cock. In the darkness of the park the only sounds were my occasional moan, and the sounds of her sucking and slurping. 

"Oh, Teri," I moaned. "You're such a good cocksucker. Show me just how good you are."

Teri let out a slight moan herself, sending vibrations through my cock. Suddenly she pushed her face tight against me, and I could feel my cock in her throat. She moved back up, sucking me hard the entire way. Down again, my cock once again fucking her throat. 

She was such a good cocksucker, I knew I wouldn't last much longer. She must have known I was getting close, as she started sucking me faster and harder. A few minutes later and I could feel my balls starting to boil. I knew I would cum soon, and it would be a slot. 

I grabbed a handful of Teri's hair, and just held her head in my lap. Slowly, I began thrusting my hips, fucking her face. As I got closer and closer to exploding, I thrust harder and harder, faster and faster. I squeezed her hair tighter, and pushed her head down as far as I could. 

"Oh fffuuuuuccckkk!!" I moaned. My cock exploded, filling her mouth. I could feel her swallowing with each spurt, trying to keep up with my eruption. 

Once I was finally finished, I let go of her hair. She slowly brought her mouth up my cock, licking me clean. She looked at me again with those eyes. I noticed a bit of my cum below her lip. It slowly ran down her chin, until a small drop fell perfectly square on her pert left nipple. 

She gave me a slight smile, and with her finger scooped my cum of her breast, wiped her chin and gave me one last naughty smile before putting her finger in her mouth and licking it clean. 

"Mmmm. You taste good," she moaned. 

"Well you are so good at that," I said, still slightly out of breath after my explosion moments ago. 

I watched her quietly put her incredible breasts back inside her black bra and close the clasp. As she began to button her shirt I put my now limp cock back in my boxers and closed my pants. I picked up her phone and gave it back to her. She has certainly earned it. 

She looked at the time and said to me, "Ohhh, that was so much fun. But unfortunately I have to go. We should do this again soon."

"No, we HAVE to do this again soon," I insisted. "If you're mouth feels that good, then I need to know how good your pussy feels."

"Mmm just wait," Teri said, teasing me. "And if that cock feels so good in my mouth, I have to feel it inside me."

We slowly stood up and began walking back to our cars. 

"Do me a favor," she asked. "Don't tell anyone about this. This has to remain between us."

"Ahh, I understand," I assured her. "Our own hot, naughty little secret. I'm ok with that."

We reached the parking lot, and we exchanged a quick hug and kiss on the cheek goodbye. I waited a minute as she got in her car and drove off. I got in mine, and began the drive home. All the while thinking about my next hot, secret, naughty meet up with Teri.