 Let me introduce you to my coworker Rachel. She takes my breath away! Picture a tall, fit woman with a shapely figure. Picture Cindy Crawford without the beauty mark and just a few other features not quite so dramatic. She still turns heads nonetheless. Her blond hair is nearly always pulled up on top with occasional days when she "let's her hair down". Her eyes are a light hazel flecked with gold and full of life. She has a wide, sensual mouth, full lips and dazzling white teeth that flash a megawatt smile. Nicely placed cheekbones and a strong chin complete her face. Her countenance crackles with beauty, sensuality, energy and intelligence. 

Working closely together meant we spent time together in a fairly private office located off the beaten path. Here, she laughed easily and was great fun. Her voice touched a deep chord and reached down to my manhood. Admittedly, I became smitten, to say the least. 

As time went on, we became intimate friends, shared personal intimacies about our lives with one another - Dreams, passions and problems with our lovers past and present. She gradually became more and more affectionate, always warm, funny and totally comfortable with our relationship. At times, she blew kisses my way across the office in quiet moments after we had achieved minor miracles in our work together. I always seemed to seek chances to extend our time together, but her life was a typical busy one of the single mom.

Once, at a friend's home who was holding forth on a health product, we sat together and she came over to sit at my feet. She began chatting softly and teasing me, bored with the day. As time went by she doodled on my bare thigh with her fingers and glanced up at me with those sexy eyes. "You like that don't you," she teased. About all I could do was nod my head. Then she leaned her head on my knee, as I gently stroked her hair. 

Once, she took me out to the house she was remodeling. She was so proud of her place. As she drove her car, her skirt slid up till I could see her legs that went all the way up. Without thinking, I reached over with my left hand and caressed the inner thigh of her right leg and looked her in the eye, winking. She was looking back, boldness in her eyes and a sly smile on her face. She quickly covered my hand and held it there for a long count, then said, 'I'll wreck my car silly if you keep that up!" My hand lingered and caressed her ever so gently before removing it reluctantly. She whispered so low I could hardly hear her, "You sure have a sweet touch." My hopes and fantasies built as we drove out to her site. Damn! Her builder was still there. What game was she playing with me I wondered?

Another day, we happened to run into each other outside of work uptown. Dusk was falling and she had been jogging. I was making an attempt to do the same. She was energized and full of her usual charm and presence despite the cold weather. She cried out "I'm so cold! I need warming up!" and crept so close we wear body to body. I placed my arm around her shoulder, and then kissed her on the cheek. Next, the kissing moved to the corner of her mouth, then full on those luscious lips! Suddenly she broke the kiss and simply said "Thanks, I'm plenty warm now" As she ran off, she hollered "Bet you're warmed up too!"

Finally, I chose a plan of action a bit risky, but one I hoped would succeed. First, I made sure that all the drapes in our office were closed. I planned on a time when the janitors had already been by and no other people were expected to come by. Earlier in the week, I had flirted with her brazenly, brought her little gifts and tokens which she was really taken by. I touched her whenever the time was right and she would smile never a hint of reproof. Finally . . .

While she went out on a short errand, I carefully crawled under her desk that had a deepened knee space. Just waiting, my cock began to get hard despite a little discomfort. I heard the familiar click of her heels in the hallway, getting ever closer. My heart raced and my cock throbbed!

She immediately sat down at her desk and began writing her notes; an obsession with her and something I had counted on! On the desk I had carefully placed a note that read – "Don't be surprised, it's just me."

I began with cautious gentle caress on her lower thighs. She gave a start, and a startled, drawn out, "What ... are ... you ... doing ....", but I shushed her and patted her knees until she got still and quiet. I hesitated to break the moment with my voice. Then I heard her sweet breathing getting heavy. I renewed my caresses and followed this with soft kisses that moved ever so slowly up her legs. I began to hear soft groans, "mmm." Carefully, I eased her skirt up and parted her legs a little at a time. She never once resisted. Now my caresses became strokes that rose higher and higher up her inner thighs. I licked her smooth, sleek thighs up high and felt her shudder with pleasure.

Suddenly, she scooted into the knee well grabbing my hands, guiding them to her breasts and pressed my hands to them with abandon. I felt her sexy, firm breasts under my hands as I massaged them greedily. By now, I was rock hard. I could feel myself getting high on the horny drug of sex. I caressed her breasts and slid my hands inside her blouse and bra to feel her nipples taut with pleasure and sensuality. Though my tongue couldn't reach them just yet, my fingers seem to do just fine if the rush of her breathing and body vibes were any clue.

When my hands eventually wandered back toward her pussy, Rachel groaned loudly and again grabbed and pressed my hand. Then, she eased her black lace panties off in seconds! Finally, she scooted her chair even closer and spread her legs wide. A soft "more" was all she said.

I was careful to take it slow. I stroked her thick, black pussy hair first, and then fondled her full, mounded pussy. Her labia wings were darkened and swollen. By now I could see her face, see the dreamy pre-orgasmic look in her eyes, her lips full and glorious. Rachel moved to the very edge of the chair and positioned her hips for maximum exposure. This was a woman who had clearly decided she wanted more. Finally, I rubbed her pussy, then took her labia wings and gently, but briskly whirled them between thumb and fingers. This brought groans and an "Oh God...baby, baby!" 

As I sucked, licked and fondled her pussy, her sweet pearl clit peeked out past her dark, hooded labia wings. I licked her clit with a frenzy born of anticipation, while plunging first one, then two fingers in and out of her gorgeous pussy with a building rhythm, ever faster and faster. Rachel cried out "Yes ... yes, Ahhhhhh Oh oh oh oh oh . . . yes yes yes yes . . ." ending with a glorious high pitched orgasmic cry and shudder. Sweet wetness gushed and then oozed from her pussy that I happily lapped up.

As she slowly recovered, she held her hands down to me, smiled and helped me up from under the desk then gave me a deep, passionate kiss with those luscious lips that had been driving me crazy! "John, John, John" she cooed then smiled and lightly kissed and nibbled my lips.

Soon our kissing became more passionate, abandoned and wanton. The kissing became more like fucking each other's mouths with tongues pulsing in and out our slippery lips in a wild and wicked frenzy! Her hand reached to my stiff cock and she groaned, then grabbed my ass with both hands and pulled me hard against her. We hunched each other, and I heard her mumble something I couldn't understand. She unzipped my slacks and groped to find and release my cock. It pronged out at full mast. She gazed up and down my curved cock; by now so rock hard the head had swelled to the size and color of a large, ripe plum.

She smiled and looked into my eyes while saying, "Oh John, its better than I ever dreamed!" Then she whispered in a throaty voice, "Your turn!" as she went down on me, her sexy eyes locking onto mine.

Now, that's another story . . .