 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

I couldn't believe that I'd initially been so disappointed that the company decided to have the holiday party in the office on a weeknight. As I looked around to see so many of my female coworkers looking less than professional in tight-fitting and revealing outfits, I was surprised by how many of them were able to pull the look off. It was a real shame the way that professional clothing hid so many smoking hot bodies. It was also unfortunate that I didn't know more of them, especially as the alcohol continued to flow. I figured I'd stay tuned in to see whether any of them turned out to be any more friendly than the others. In the meantime, I bumped into Meghann, who I did actually know and who wasn't looking bad herself.

"Hey, Meghann," I said, "you look nice tonight."

"Great," she replied, "nice wasn't exactly the look I was going for."

"Well," I continued, blatantly looking her over, "these are litigious times and we've all learned to be a bit wary of H.R. Have you forgotten the video already?"

"Just between you and me," she said with a mischievous smile, "what do you really think?"

I had definitely been paying attention to the tight, black sweater dress and how it conformed to her body while wondering what she might be wearing under it, so I didn't really have to think about my answer. I looked casually around first, though, to make sure no one was in earshot.

"I think you look hot," I told her in a low voice, "and I'm very curious about what you are wearing underneath that dress."

Her mischievous smile broadened and she leaned a bit closer to me.

"You've got two hands," she said, "and no one is paying any attention to us. Why don't you figure it out?"

While looking around to confirm that she was right that we were unnoticed, I slipped my hand over to the small of her back and gradually slid it down. When I felt something there above her ass, I moved my hand back and forth and up and down to confirm what it was.

"Garter belt?" I asked, even though I was certain, "And thong panties."

"Very good," she said and I notice that she was getting a bit flushed.

I slid my hand up her back to confirm that she was wearing a bra, then repositioned myself to block anyone who might suddenly pay attention to us. Standing in front of her, I cupped her tits and gently caressed them.

"Just wanted to confirm that you're also wearing a bra," I told her as her eyes closed, "What are the chances that I can get a look at what you're wearing under this dress?"

"You have someplace in mind?" she asked.

"If everyone in the company is on this floor, we should be safe in one of the conference rooms on the 25th floor," I stated.

She agreed and we casually departed the 27th floor and headed down to the 25th. Selecting the conference room that would be least likely to have anyone randomly walk into it, we closed the door and turned the lights down low. Standing at the end of the conference table, we started to make out while my hands went down to caress her ass. I started to work the hem of her dress up until my hands were under it and caressing her bare ass cheeks. My cock was growing against her abdomen and I knew she had to feel it there. When I got her dress up around her waist, I lifted her onto the table and eased her backward until she was lying there with her panties and garter belt exposed.

I pulled up a chair and sat, then moved her panties aside to expose a well-groomed, light brown bush. I ran my tongue up her slit and found it overflowing with pungent juices while she gripped my head and moaned. My cock was throbbing and I was definitely looking forward to slipping it into her hot pussy, which I had zero doubt that I'd be doing. In the meantime, I intended to enjoy eating her pussy and bringing her to an intense orgasm. Holding her panties aside, I lapped up her flavor as she writhed and moaned on the conference table. When I slipped a finger into her, I was pleased to note how snug her pussy was and how easily my finger slipped inside due to all of the lubrication she was producing. When I started to lick and suck her clit, I could tell that she had to bite back an even louder moan that tried to slip out.

Glancing up, I could read the raw passion on her face, even with her eyes closed. I also noted that, despite how erotic her garter belt and stockings were, I needed to get more clothing off of her before I started to fuck her. Before I got to strip her down, however, I was going to make her cum so I focused on licking and sucking her clit while fingering her pussy. The longer I went at it, the more she was writhing and the wetter her pussy was becoming. I had to guess that she was a little pent up to want to sneak off with a coworker during an office party, which I figured would make it easier to get her there, but I didn't necessarily want to rush it. Yes, there was a risk of getting caught, however minimal, but I also wanted to relish eating her pussy for a bit.

I wasn't disappointed, however, when she started to tense up and I could tell that she was on the verge of cumming. It seemed like she was almost holding her breath as she approached the precipice before tumbling over and I'm sure she didn't intend to let out a moan as loud as she did. Her body trembled as she came and a flood of fresh juices washed over my still pumping finger. Once she'd gone still and had let out a long sigh, I slipped my fingers from her pussy and stood. She raised her ass for me as I slipped her thong panties off and set them aside before opening my pants and releasing my rigid tool. She still had her eyes closed until I started slipping it into her but they went wide as my girth filled her.

I started to slowly fuck her, relishing the hot, slippery feel of her pussy as I leaned forward, bracing myself on the tabletop with her legs hooked over my arms. Once I had a good rhythm going, I brought my hands up to fondle her breasts through her dress then pushed the hem up high enough to expose her bare stomach and her bra. I caressed her tits through her bra, feeling her hard nipples pressing outward, then undid the front clasp and exposed them. Her tits were average-sized with light pink areolas that were on the large side. I went back to caressing the soft, smooth flesh of her tits and running my hands over her hard nipples while continuing to slide my cock in and out of her hot pussy.

After a bit, I wanted to get more of her clothes off then continue to fuck her, so I slipped my cock from her pussy and had her sit up. I raised her dress up over her head then slid her bra off as well. We made out for a moment while she stroked my tool then I had her hop off the table and turn around. She leaned on the tabletop as I guided my cock back into her while admiring her ass. I took her by the hips as I eased myself back into her hot and slippery pussy then started fucking her again, watching as my hips tapped against her ass cheeks and made them jiggle slightly.

At around the same time that I was reaching up to cup Meghann's swinging tits, she slipped a hand back between her legs and started stroking her clit. I don't know how close she'd been to cumming while she'd been on her back but as soon as she started touching herself, she also started pushing back against my incoming thrusts. I could feel her pussy becoming even more engorged the longer I fucked her which was causing my own orgasm to build. It got to the point where I didn't even have to keep humping her ass because she was pushing back against me harder and faster as I enjoyed the feel of her pussy and continued to cup her soft, smooth tits.

When she started to moan and I sensed that she was getting close to cumming again, I reluctantly released her tits and took her by the hips again. I started thrusting again in synch with her movements so that I could push my cock more deeply into her. She started tensing up again though she continued to push back then her body started to tremble as she let another louder moan escape. I continued to fuck her and it appeared that she continued to stroke her clit as her pussy was flooded with even more lubricant which made my orgasm build even faster. When she'd apparently finished cumming, she straightened up and my cock slipped out of her.

She turned around and kissed me while repositioning the both of us so that my back was to the table. She sat in the chair I'd been using earlier and took my cock in her hand as I leaned against the table. After a couple of strokes, she wrapped her lips around my tool and started to blow me. I ran my fingers through her light brown hair but otherwise just tried to relax and enjoy her oral skills as my orgasm continued to build. She definitely left nothing to be desired when it came to cocksucking and I savored the pleasure that her hot mouth was providing.

As if the build-up while fucking her and due to her skillful blowjob wasn't enough, it didn't escape me that she was sitting there wearing nothing but a black garter belt and black stockings. Having that in the back of my mind and being able to see her tits dangling as she leaned forward only helped to contribute to the pleasure I was feeling and the rate at which my orgasm was approaching. She never paused even as my cock swelled more in anticipation of my climax. When I finally exploded down her throat, she still kept right on going, swallowing my load and continuing to suck my cock until I was completely spent.

She straightened up and sat back in the chair while I caught my breath and, as I admired her, I knew I'd want to get me some more of that. I grabbed her dress, bra and panties and handed them to her, though I was not anxious for her to cover up. She pulled her bra back on first, then her panties, standing to get the thong wedged between her cheeks. I took her in my arms and kissed her again, running my hands down over her bare cheeks as her arms went around my neck. We made out for a couple of minutes before we went back to getting dressed. I pulled my underwear and pants back up, tucking my sleeping cock away, while Meghann pulled her dress over her head and wriggled into it.

"You want to do this again sometime?" she asked as we prepared to head back to the party.

"Definitely," I replied, "but maybe not in the same place. Where do you live?"

"Stapleton," she said, "What about you?"

"About six blocks from here," I told her, "I have a studio over on 20th."

"Do you really want to go back to the party?" she asked, stopping in her tracks.

"Would you rather go over to my place?" I responded.

"Hell yes," she said, laughing.

With another kiss, we split up to go and get our coats, agreeing to meet in the lobby.