 I sealed my fate on the way home that night by depositing the cheque in my bank account. The young girl behind the counter looked at the large cheque with interest. "Nice little deposit," she said, smiling, as she wrote down the amount. I wondered to myself what she would have thought if she knew what I was about to do for it.

The following morning, I was extremely nervous about what I was about to do. I took some care dressing. I still did not know what to expect, but after yesterday's interview with Mellor, I realised that what ever I put on would probably have to come off at some stage during the day.

I had been told by Mellor to report to a Miss Martin. She would take care of me and explain my duties, and would also show me where I would be working.

Miss Martin turned out to be a tall attractive woman in her mid to late forties. She looked smart in a dark business suit and crisp white blouse. She smiled when I walked into her office, looking me up and down. "So, you are our new girl," she said. "I must compliment Keith on his choice." 

She told me that while I was there, I would be working for all the members of the management team. I noticed she smiled when she said working. She obviously knew what I would be doing. "When you are not required for your other work, there will be some non-essential office work for you to do to fill in your time."

She then led me to an office. It was one of the first along the corridor. On the door, there was a small brass plate with the words, Corporate Entertainment Department. I smiled.

She opened the door. "This is where you will be located for the next four weeks," she said. "I do hope you are going to enjoy your stay with us, as much as the management team is going to enjoy having you," she smirked at me. "I think you will find everything you require in here." She looked at her watch. "I'll leave you to find your way around and make yourself at home. You have an appointment with the group director, Mr. Hinkerman, at eleven this morning." 

I was then left alone in my new office. It was very nice and comfortable. I noticed at once that all the personal things I had on my desk in the other building had been brought over. I decided to look around. In a large cupboard, I found, to my surprise, a comprehensive selection of clothes, all new and in plastic bags. Below the hanging clothes were a series of drawers. These contained underwear and accessories, again all individually wrapped. I was more than a little surprised to find that all the clothes were my size.

There was a tap on the door. It opened and a pretty blond head popped round. "Would you like coffee, Miss?" the pretty young thing asked. 

"Please," I said, "That would be very nice."

She made her way in pushing a small trolley on which were cups, and a large flask of coffee, and another that contained milk. I saw she also had an interesting selection of fancy cakes and biscuits. She told me that her name was Rose; she explained that it was her job to serve all the offices along the corridor. As we chatted, I could not help but notice her outfit. It was extremely short, and showed an awful lot of her long shapely legs clad in dark stockings. When she bent down to reach a small plate on the lower shelf of the trolley, I was able to see the tops of her stockings and an inch or so of white thigh.

I also noticed, as she leaned over to place my drink on the desk, she was exposing a lot of cleavage. They certainly seemed to like their women to show themselves off over here, I thought to myself.

After a coffee and a large portion of blueberry cheesecake, I continued my exploration of my new office. I found I had a large washroom complete with shower. Alongside, a large illuminated mirror was set above a well stocked dressing table. They had certainly thought of everything. On returning to my desk, I checked through the in tray, and found it contained mostly filing and other mundane office tasks.

Just then the phone rang. I picked it up. "Samantha, Corporate Entertainment," I said in my best phone voice. It was Mr. Hinkerman on the line and he wanted me to come along to his office as soon as possible.

I checked myself over in the washroom mirror, adjusted my make up, and with butterflies starting in my stomach, made my way up the corridor. I found his office to be the last one on the left. I steeled myself and knocked and a voice called for me to come in.

This office was twice as big as Mellor's and was a lot more luxurious. They certainly believed in their comforts over here at the head office. The man sitting behind the desk was quite good looking, with iron-grey hair and dark piercing eyes. He looked me up and down as I walked in. "So, you are our new young lady, Samantha," he said. "Sam for short, I guess?" I nodded smiling. "You are very pretty," he said, "Very pretty, indeed. Have you been informed of your duties?" he asked. 

"I think so, sir." I said 

"Good," he said, "But there is just one thing. In the future when I call you, I would like you to be already undressed, unless, that is, I require you to wear something specific." 

I nodded. "Yes, I will remember that in the future, sir," I said. My God, I thought, that means I'm going to have to walk about the place naked.

"You want me to undress now?" I asked. 

He nodded. "Please, my dear, I have some important clients arriving shortly and I need you around as a distraction." He smiled to himself.

I walked over to a chair and began to slowly undress. He did not seem to be taking a lot of interest in what I was doing. He just kept giving me a cursory glance now and again as he sifted through some paper work. I was just about to remove my panties when there was a knock on the door, and a much younger guy in shirtsleeves walked in. "Hi, dad, can I have a quick one with you?" he said. Then he suddenly noticed me. Well, why wouldn't he? I was standing there in just my brief panties. He grinned and walked over to me. "So, this is the new girl," he said, smiling at me and looking me over.

Mr. Hinkerman looked up. "Sam, this is my son, Martin."

He held out his hand. I reached out and shook it feeling a little exposed in just my rather brief panties. I saw him looking with interest at my breasts and my already aroused nipples. "She is a very attractive young lady," he said, turning to his farther. "Will she be available later?" 

His father shook his head. "I doubt it. I have the two buyers from Landers coming along at any minute, and if last time was anything to go by, she won't be."

Martin shrugged his shoulders. "Never mind," he said, turning back to look at me. "We will have to get together later, but I can't wait that long to see your pretty pussy, so if you wouldn't mind." He looked at my panties. I felt a little humiliated by his comment, but I knew what I was expected to do, so I slipped them down and stood there naked for his inspection. I could see from the expression on his face that he liked what he saw. Then he just turned away and began to chat with his farther. With a last glance at my naked body, he smiled and left the office.

Mr. Hinkerman told me to take my clothes and put them in his wash room. When I returned he told me to come over to his desk. He watched me as I walked over towards him with nothing to cover my nakedness but my hold ups and heels. He looked me up and down and commented that I looked good. He asked me to turn around so that he could inspect me from all angles. It still felt a little strange being naked in front of someone whom I had just met, but I knew from now on and for the next four weeks, I was just going to have to get used to it.

He then explained that this morning I was going to act as his secretary during the meeting, and that I should take notes that I could type up later. He also mentioned that the buyers who were coming could get a little playful. "But I'm sure there will be nothing you can't handle," he said with a smile. He also mentioned that Rose had already left coffee and some other drinks along with a selection of food for lunch. It was in the small kitchen at the rear of the office, and I would be expected to serve it later.

A buzzer on his intercom suddenly sounded, and when he pressed the intercom, a voice announced his visitors had arrived. He told me to take up my place on a straight backed chair at the side of his desk; it was facing the two chairs that had already been placed there for his visitors. I was now beginning to feel very nervous and more than a little apprehensive just sitting there totally naked awaiting the arrival of his two visitors. 

There was a knock on the door; it opened and two men entered. There eyes lit up immediately when they saw me. Then they nodded at Mr. Hinkerman. "Nice to see you have everything ready for us, Paul," one of the men said, smiling. 

"And what do you call this pretty little thing?" the other man asked. 

"This is Sam," Hinkerman said. "She's new to us. It's her first day with us." They both nodded their approval. I smiled nervously at them.

Then they all quickly got down to business. It seemed a rather surreal situation with the three of them talking business, while I sat there totally naked and took notes. The two buyers constantly looked in my direction, and their obvious interest in me began to arouse me. I twisted nervously on my seat as I began to feel my juices running down between my thighs.

When Mr. Hinkerman asked if they would like coffee, they nodded and took a break from their work. I had to walk around the office while the pair of them followed me with there eyes wherever I went.

It did feel quite degrading to be naked and exposed like this in front of the two men, but I was a little surprised by just how aroused I was becoming. While in the kitchen, I ran my hand over my pussy. I was not at all surprised to find I was quite wet as my juices had already begun to flow. 

We all worked on until one o'clock when I was asked to serve lunch. The three of them sat and chatted about sports and other things while they all made short work of the plates of food I had provided. I was a little surprised and more than a little apprehensive when it was suggested that Mr. Hinkerman should show one of the buyers around one of the new units.

Suddenly, I found myself sitting alone with the other guy, who told me that his name was Andrew. He asked me to come over to where he was sitting. I stood up and walked over and stood in front of him. He looked at my body. "You are a very attractive young lady, Samantha," he said, with a slight smile on his face. He reached out and began to caress my breast and nipped my hard nipple between his finger and thumb. I tried to suppress a groan.

He stood up and pushed me back suddenly. I could feel the edge of Hinkerman's desk against my bottom. I eased myself up onto it, feeling the cool leather against my skin. He took hold of my knees and eased my legs apart. I knew that he would now be able to see that I was already becoming quite wet. He dipped his fingers into my honey pot and smiled as he realised just how wet I already was.

He fumbled with his trousers and released a monster of a cock, which he held in his hand for a moment before rubbing the large purple end against my pussy lips, nudging them open. He spread my legs even wider as he thrust into me. I cried out as his monster filled me and I felt myself tighten around it.

I leaned back on my hands on the desk and he began to fuck me with long, energetic strokes. He was already breathing heavily. I had already experienced a minor orgasm as he entered me because I was so hot. He then gripped both of my breasts and squeezed them painfully as he worked himself up to a climax. Just as he reached it, he withdrew and jetted large amounts of his warm, white, sticky fluid all over my stomach and legs. 

I was still shaking from the experience and he was tidying himself up when the door opened and Hinkerman and the other rep came in. He grinned when he saw the state I was in. "Was the sweet course up to your expectations?" he asked. 

Andrew nodded. "Yes," he said, with a wide grin. "She was very tasty indeed."

"You want a turn with her," Hinkerman asked, "before we continue?" 

The other rep looked at me still sitting there, legs wide apart, strings of cum still running down my body. He shook his head. "No, I'm not into sticky seconds," he said, "But I would not mind her giving me some head."

Mr. Hinkerman looked at me and motioned to the rep. I knew what was expected. I slipped off the desk and knelt in front of him. I could see there was already a large bulge in his pants. I slid down the zip and eased him out. Thankfully, he was not as large as Andrew. I wrapped my hands around his shaft and eased it into my mouth. It tasted a little salty, but not too unpleasant. After a few strokes, I became too engrossed in what I was doing to notice the taste. I had often been told by some of my more intimate male friends that I was somewhat of an expert at giving head, and from the sounds that were coming from him I could tell that he was enjoying the experience.

I thought he might pull out, like Andrew had done, but when he gripped my head, I knew that I was going to have to take his load. He cried out as he erupted, and my mouth, and soon my throat, was filled with large amounts of hot, none too unpleasant, cum which I tried to quickly swallow. But as he slipped from my mouth, it ran down my chin and splashed down onto my breasts.

As he wiped his shrinking cock on a napkin, he pulled me to my feet. He thanked me for a very pleasant experience, saying we would have to do it again some time.

Of course, after all I had taken, I looked a bit of a mess. Mr. Hinkerman suggested that I return to my office and get cleaned up. I went into the rest room and picked up my clothes. I did not bother to dress as I did not want to get my clothes messed up.

It felt a little strange walking back down the corridor to my office holding my clothes in my hands. I was expecting at any moment for one of the doors to open and someone to come out. Luckily, I did get back to my own office without been seen and I was soon under the shower, washing myself clean of the results of the encounters with the two reps. 

Although I knew that the whole encounter had been somewhat degrading, I did not feel too bad about it, and it had not been that unpleasant. Andrew fucking me had relieved some of my pent up arousal, and I had quite liked giving the other guy head. The thing that had bugged me a little was that the others had been watching. It was the first time that I had ever done anything like that with other people watching me, but I knew that if I were going to earn my money, it was something I was probably going to have to get used to.

I dried myself off after my shower and redid my hair and make up, and had just slipped back into my clothes when the phone rang. It was Mr. Hinkerman.

"Hi, Sam," he said. "Are you OK?" I told him that I was. "I was wondering if you could you come along and serve us with coffee." As he spoke to me, I heard someone speaking to him in the background. "I have just been asked by my two friends if you would wear something sexy, but no knickers." I could tell he was grinning.

I sorted through the items of lingerie in the cupboard and selected a red Basque. Its half cup bra left my nipples slightly exposed and it finished around my hips, leaving my pussy and bottom totally exposed. Long, red suspenders clipped onto my new stockings.

I eased my door open with caution. The corridor was empty, but this time I was not so lucky. About halfway along, a door suddenly opened and a man came out carrying a bundle of papers. He smiled when he saw me. He did not say anything, just nodded. Maybe, I thought, over here it was not unusual to find an almost naked woman walking around the office.

I could see when I entered Hinkerman's office that my outfit had been a good choice. The guys nodded their approval as I walked around and served them with coffee and cakes, and apart from a casual stroke on my arse from Andrew, I was not interfered with. May I say much to my disappointment?

I returned to my office and was about to get dressed when the door suddenly opened and Mellor came in. He smiled when he saw my skimpy attire. I turned and faced him, my breasts jutting out of their skimpy covering and my pussy totally exposed.

"You have certainly taken to it, Samantha," he said. "Mr. Hinkerman called me a few minutes ago to say that he thought you were very good with no inhibitions whatsoever. He said that you did everything that was expected of you without any signs that you weren't totally enjoying yourself." 

I smiled at him, then shrugged. "Well, the reason for that was that I was enjoying myself; I was enjoying myself very much. I found it a bit nerve racking at first, but I soon got into the swing of things."

He smiled. "Well, after the amount of time it took me to get you out of your clothes yesterday, you seem to have quickly gotten used to displaying your more interesting attributes." 

I glanced down at my breasts, displayed as they were with nipples standing out sharply. I smiled.

"Anyway, what I have come to tell you is apart from the message from Mr. Hinkerman. I have had a couple of bookings for you. Martin Hinkerman wants you to go to the races with him and a few friends on Friday, and a week from Wednesday, Mr. Gordon, the personnel director, has booked you to accompany his wife and himself to a charity function. I'm sure there will be plenty of other bookings for you during the next four weeks as soon as the word gets around what an obliging young lady you are."