 I drove home replaying the entire encounter with Teri over and over in my head. Damn, those tits of hers were just amazing. I so wanted to touch them, to suck them. Fuck, she was such an incredible cock sucker. I still felt slightly numb in my lap. I figured it would pass by the time I got home. 

It didn't take me long to reach my house. I walked inside, and found my wife sitting on the couch watching some reality tv show that didn't interest me. 

"Hi honey, how was your day?" She called from the couch. 

"Fine, a little busy but ok," I replied as I removed my shoes. 

I made my way to the bathroom to clean myself up a bit. I didn't want to sit next to my wife with Teri's saliva all over my cock. 

The rest of the evening was rather uneventful. We watched a show or two on television and eventually retired to bed and fell asleep. Naturally the entire evening all I could think about was Teri. Those luscious breasts. That amazingly talented mouth. And of course those eyes. Those mesmerizing eyes. 

The next day at work started like any other. After about an hour or two into my day, my phone pinged with a Facebook instant message. I picked up the phone, and I was actually a bit glad it was Teri. 

T: Hi. 

M: Hey. How are you?

T: Pretty good. You?

M: Good. Actually after last night I'm doing real good!

T: Yeah I bet lol

I figured I would address our first concern... her husband knowing what she was up to last night. 

M: So, did your husband suspect anything when you got home last night?

T: No. Nothing. He was busy watching the baseball game anyway. What about your wife?

M: Nope. She was watching tv when I walked in. 

T: Good. I wouldn't want you to get in trouble. 

M: Yeah, you too. 

T: So did you enjoy last night?

M: Are you kidding? That was probably one of the best blow jobs I ever got!

T: Mmmm thanks! My pussy was so wet just from having your cock in my mouth. 

M: Well next time I'll have to give it more attention. 

After a few minutes of silence, she chimed in with the big question on both our minds. 

T: So when will next time be? Do you want to meet up again?

M: Of course! When?

T: Hmm, how about tomorrow night? 

M: Ok. Where?

T: I dunno. Any ideas? The park may not be empty. 

I thought for a minute. I remembered a shopping center that's usually empty behind the stores. 

M: How about in the back of the shopping center on 27A? It's usually empty back there. 

T: Ok. That sounds good. 

M: What are you going to tell your husband?

T: That I have to do some shopping. What about you? What are you telling your wife?

M: Working late. She's used to that.

T: Perfect. See you tomorrow. 

Holy shit. Just last night this beauty, that I had no idea was interested in me, gave me an out of this world blow job, and now she wanted to do it again, or maybe more. 

The rest of the workday was the usual. A few emails to deal with, a text from the wife asking me to bring milk home, except most of my thinking was being done with my smaller head. Just thinking about seeing Teri again had me hard almost the entire day. 

I decided to stay a little late at work, so when I said I'd be working late tomorrow it looked normal. I made my way home for another evening of dinner and tv until bed time. But of course, all I could think about was tomorrow night with Teri. 

The next day at work seemed to drag on, all I could think about was seeing Teri. It was a bit awkward not being able to stand much, as I didn't want everyone in the office to see the obvious bulge in my pants. 

It was just after lunch that I decided to message Teri, to make sure we were still on. 

M: Hey you. 

T: Hi

M: Are we still on for tonight?

T: Of course. I'm so excited. Are you?

M: Hell yeah. I'll see you there. 

Finally the day ended, and I made my way to my car and started driving to the shopping center. Oddly enough I didn't really think about my wife. All I thought about was what Teri and I were going to do to each other. How we would please each other. How bad I wanted to feel and suck her tits. Damn I wanted those tits. 

I arrived at the shopping center and drove around the back. Just as I figured, there was nobody back there. It was nice and dark, so there was no way anyone would see us. I parked my car and took out my phone to text Teri. 

M: I'm here. 

T: Ok be there in a few minutes. 

About 5 minutes later I saw Teri's car come around the back of the stores. She parked next to the passenger side of my car. I unlocked the door as she got out of hers. She opened the door and sat down in the passenger seat. 

"Hi there," I greeted her. 

"Hello," she said, as she gave me a hug and a kiss on my cheek. 

We sat in silence for a moment or two, and finally it was her that spoke first. 

"So, we're here all alone. What should we do now?" She said, with a rather flirty tone. Her eyes were locked on mine. Those eyes, oh those eyes. I was powerless. 

"I'm sure we can figure it out," I said softly as I leaned toward her. 

She gave me a slight smile. I brought my left hand up to her right cheek and softly caressed her face. I continued to lean towards her, until my lips made contact with hers. I gently pushed with my tongue, and her mouth opened to accept it. Her tongue entered my mouth, and gradually the kiss became deeper and more intense. 

My left hand made its way up her right arm, and over to her right breast. Even through her clothes it felt so full, so soft and was easily more than a handful. Continuing to kiss her I brought my right hand up, and slowly began to unbutton her blouse, then her bra to reveal those tits I had wanted for days. 

She took her right hand and placed it on my right leg. Slowly her hand slid up, and as it did I opened my legs to give her full access. She slid her hand all the way up and grabbed my throbbing cock through my pants. 

I gently massaged her breasts, running my thumb over the puffy nipples. I gave them a gentle squeeze, admiring the size of them in my hands. 

I broke our kiss, and started kissing my way down her neck, under her chin and down to her left nipple. I helped myself to a mouthful of her breast, flicking my tongue over and around the nipple. She let out a soft moan, clearly enjoying the sensation. 

I felt her hands go to my belt buckle. I picked my head up and looked into those amazing eyes. 

"Is there something in there you want?" I asked her. 

"Yeah," Teri moaned. "I wanna suck that big fat cock again." 

I helped her undo the buckle and unzip my pants. I leaned back a bit and reclined my seat a little as she slid my boxers down and pulled out my erect cock. 

I watched as Teri gently stroked it, until I was fully erect. She knelt on the passenger seat of the car, and slowly leaned over the center console with her mouth slightly open. 

She started gently kissing the head while continuing to stroke it. She took her tongue and began locking the tip, then swirling around the head. She gave it one good lick down the back of the shaft all the way to the base, and made her way up the front. Teri glanced at me with those sexy eyes, and gave me a naughty little smile before expertly taking my entire cock in her mouth. 

The feeling was absolutely incredible, possibly even better than the night in the park as she sucked me. She knew how to move her head up and down at just the right pace. Apply just the right amount of suction. Every slurp and pop as she reached the head drove me wild. 

All of a sudden this feeling came over me. This feeling of intense desire. Desire for pleasure. Desire for Teri. I slowly brought my right hand to the back of her head, and grabbed a good fistful of her hair. 

She paused for a moment, perhaps unsure of what I was doing? As to tell her to keep going, I slowly started moving my hips up and down. She got the idea and continued to suck me as she had been. 

This feeling of desire inside me only grew. Something inside me just snapped, and I wanted to make Teri mine. Make her only mine, for my pleasure. I started moving my hips faster and faster, slapping my pelvis and my balls harder and harder against her face. 

What had started as a deep, intense blow job had now become an all out face fuck. 

"Ohhh that's it," I moaned. "Suck my cock you bad girl."

I continued slamming against her face. I swear her mouth felt just as good as a pussy. And Teri was so naughty I swear she was enjoying it. She let out a moan each time my balls hit her cheek, sending vibrations down my shaft. 

It wasn't much longer before I felt that feeling in my balls. I knew I was going to cum soon, and hard. 

"Ohh that's it baby. Keep sucking it," I moaned. "Keep sucking that cock. Make me cum."

Teri let out a long, deep moan and that was enough to send me over the edge. 

I grabbed her hair as tight as I could, and pushed down on her head with all my might. I lifted my hips, burying my cock down her throat. 

"Ffffffuuuuccckkkkk!! Ohhhhh fffuuuuuccckkk!"

My cock erupted on her mouth. I could feel Teri swallowing with each spurt, trying to keep up with the flood of cum I was depositing in her mouth. 

Once I was finally finished I released my grip on her hair. Slowly she brought her head up, keeping her lips locked on my shaft. Her lips smacked as she reached the tip and it fell from her mouth. 

"Ohhh wooowww!" She said, catching her breath. 

She looked at my cock, soaked in a mixture of her saliva and my cum. She gave me another one of those naughty smiles, leaned back down and expertly used her tongue to clean me off. 

She leaned back in the passenger seat to catch her breath. 

"Oooo I enjoy a good face fuck." She said in a sexy, flirty tone. "Especially from your cock. That got me sooo wet"

As she said this she started slowly running herself through her pants. I brought my seat back to an upright position. I placed my left hand on her left thigh and said softly, " Let me help you with that."

I moved my hand slowly up her thigh. Just as I was about to be over her pussy, she grabbed my hand. With another naughty smile and flashing those eyes, she took my hand at put it down her pants. She guided me inside her panties and down to her shaved pussy. 

"That's what I need," she whispered. "Rub my pussy. Get me reaalllyyy wet." 

She wasn't kidding. Her pussy lips were already slick. With the back of my hand I could feel her panties were indeed moist. 

I started gently rubbing her with my middle to fingers. Slow at first, then gradually harder and a little faster. My right hand went back to her luscious right tit and gently massaged it. As I touched her, she took hold of my spent cock in her left hand, almost determined to bring it back to life. 

I continued rubbing her, until she was so wet I could easily slip my two fingers inside her. Her pussy felt incredible. So soft and so wet inside. My fingers easily slid in and out of her, Teri breathing deep each time I entered her. 

I pushed my fingers inside her and curled them in a "come here" motion, massaging her inside. I pressed my thumb against her clit, pushing and rubbing to drive her crazy. 

Teri started breathing very deeply, letting out slight squeals each time she exhaled. Sensing she was getting close to an orgasm, I pulled my fingers out of her. 

"Oohhh no don't stop!" She begged. "Don't tease me. Keep going. Make me cum!"

I started rubbing her clit. Up and down at first, then I started rubbing in a circular motion. Gradually rubbing harder and harder, as she got wetter as wetter. She began stroking my cock, which was actually starting to get hard again.

"Oooooohhh," she whispered, leaning back in the seat and closing her eyes. She spread her legs as wide as she could, giving my hand full access. 

I began rubbing her harder and faster. I watched as she bit her lower lip, closed her eyes and continued moaning. Sensing she was near orgasm again I stopped. 

"Nnnoooooo!" She moaned. "Don't stop! Don't stop!" Teri gave my cock a squeeze, urging me to continue rubbing her clit. 

I figured after teasing her twice, she was ready to cum hard. I began working my fingers in and out of her dripping wet pussy. I pressed my thumb against her clit and curled my fingers to massage her on the inside. With my other hand I continued to massage her breast, tracing circles around her puffy nipple. 

Suddenly Teri took her right hand and gripped the door handle tightly. She threw her head back, and spread her legs even wider. Her eyes closed as her mouth dropped open. 

"OoooooohhAaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!" She started screaming. "Ohhh shit oh fuuucckkk I'm commmmiinnggg!!"

She wasn't kidding. With that I felt her pussy clamp down on my hand and explode in wetness. I shoved my fingers in as far as I could, enjoying the sensation of her pussy on my wet fingers. 

Once she came down from her orgasm Teri sat in the seat breathing heavily, staring at me with those eyes. She continued to very slowly, gently stroke my cock. 

I pulled my soaked hand out from her pants. She saw the wetness glistening on my fingers. With her right hand she guided my hand to her mouth, and she one by one sucked my fingers clean. 

"Mmmmm. That was fucking incredible. You sure are good with your hands."

"Thank you," I replied. Glad I could help you."

I looked down at my erect cock in her hand. "Now, what should we do about that?" I asked her with a slight smile. 

"Well, as much as I would love to make you cum again, I really should get going. Besides. I'd rather leave you wanting more, than leave you exhausted," she said teasingly. 

"Alright. Fair enough," I agreed. 

We sat in silence while we each fixed our clothes. Teri pulled down the visor and gave herself a quick look in the mirror. I guess she didn't want to go home looking like she just had an orgasm. 

"I'll see you again soon," she said as she leaned towards me. 

"Definitely," I agreed, staring into her eyes. 

She leaned closer, until her lips were just about to touch mine. "Next time, I want your cum on my tits,"she whispered, before giving me one last kiss. 

I watched her as she got out of my car and back into hers. She flashed me one last smile before driving away. As I sat there watching her leave, I smiled at the thought of her going home to her husband, with her pussy and her panties soaked by my hand.