 Karen pulled into the parking garage of John's office building and shut off the engine. The rain had forced her to concentrate on her driving but now she began to think about what she was really doing. As she sat there she wondered, "Have I gone crazy? Here I am, sitting in an empty parking garage with nothing on but a trench coat and now I'm planning on going up to John's office and fucking him crazy." Good god, what was she about to do? 

She took a couple of deep breaths and remembered what she had been fantasizing about, she had been thinking about how badly she wanted to feel his prick stiffen as her hands caressed him and stroked him. How much she wanted to let his hardness slide between her lips and into her mouth. How much she wanted to let her tongue dance along his shaft. How much she wanted to feel his cock sliding in and out of her, filling the void of her pussy and making her cum again and again. As she was sitting there staring off into space she could feel her pussy starting to get wet and she knew exactly what she was going to do. There was only one obstacle to overcome. The night guard. 

She had met the night guard a couple of times and after their first meeting she'd quickly taken the measure of the man. He was an old retiree who needed to get out of the house so his shrew of a wife would leave him in peace. Apparently he did crosswords, watched old movies on a little black and white TV he kept under the desk and napped occasionally. As for being a guard, a hamster with an attitude would have been more effective but all in all he was a sweet old man and harmless. 

Placing the hood of the coat over her head, Karen carefully ran from the parking garage and along the sidewalk toward the front door of the building. The falling rain hadn't let up a bit and by the time she opened the door into the foyer she looked as if she had been caught in a waterfall. Water dripped from her overcoat as her heels clicked on the marble floor. At the guard station, the old man looked up from the TV under his desk and asked, "Can I help you honey?" 

Karen replied with a sweet smile, "I'm John Davidson's wife. He works up on the seventh floor and the poor boy is working late tonight. He's having a rough time with a project that's due tomorrow so I thought I might stop by to cheer him up." 

The old man smiled and said, "Well, that's mighty kind of you. I wish my wife would think about cheering me up once in awhile." After looking her up and down for a few seconds he said with feigned innocence, "There is one little thing though. We've had a lot of trouble with vandalism lately. Kids sneak in during the day and spray paint the stairwells. I think they call it tagging but I just call it vandalism. You don't have anything like that under your coat do you? You know spray paint or stuff like that." 

Karen looked slightly embarrassed and said in an overly dramatic tone, "Why no sir, I wouldn't do anything like that. I gave up vandalism for Lent last year and never went back." Then she paused and gave him a wink and with one corner of her mouth pulled up in a smile said, "Though if you don't believe me then I can let you see what's under my coat." 

He stammered a little and finally managed to say, "Well, dear. I think that may be for the best. I wouldn't want to be derelict in my duty." 

"Oh no sir, I wouldn't want you to get into trouble on my account." And with that she slowly unbuttoned her coat and held it open for him. His eyes went wide and his mouth dropped open a little as he gazed upon her naked form. Her high full breasts, the curve of her waist, her full hips and the bare pussy were all taken into his longing gaze. 

After a moment, he smiled and said, "Thank you honey. I don't think that you'll be causing any trouble for me, though your husband might find you to be a handful." 

She smiled in return, "You're welcome, sir. Could you please not let him know that I'm on my way up? I want it to be a surprise." 

"Of course, I understand. And dearie?" 

"Yes sir?" 

"I want you to know that you've made an old man feel young again for just a moment and for that I will be eternally grateful. The next time my wife sees me staring off into space and smiling she won't have a clue as to the reason. Now have fun...and don't break any furniture." 

"Yes sir. We'll try our best." Karen said as she walked through the elevator doors and pushed 7. When the doors closed, she smiled to herself and thought. "By the time tonight is done there just might be a bit of broken furniture."