 It had been such a long week in work. I was up to my eyes every day, but Friday was the worst day by far. Everything that could go wrong did. So by the time I got home I was wrecked, all I wanted to do was sit down and watch a good film and have a few drinks with my husband. I had gotten us a Chinese takeaway and a few bottles of wine on my way home. When I got in I left the bags on the table and ran upstairs to change into my pj's . I called out to my husband to put the food out but there was no answer. When I came back down stairs I found a note on the table. It was from Tom, it said that he had to go out with clients for the night and that I wasn't to wait up.

I was disappointed but there was nothing I could do about it, I'd just have to drink all the wine by myself. So I put some of the food onto a plate and opened the wine. I poured myself a big glass of it and went into the sitting room to watch a nice chick flick and enjoy my meal. 

Two hours later, I was on my second bottle and starting another movie. The stress of the week had completely left me. I was quite tipsy and very relaxed. The second movie was more of a girly romance, there was quite a lot of sex scenes in it. I wouldn't go as far as to say it was porn, more like mommy porn! 

Half way through the movie I found myself getting quite aroused. I'm not sure if it was because of the nearly empty second bottle of wine or the fact that I was completely alone, but I found myself gently stroking my breasts. It was outside my clothes but still I was enjoying the feeling. 

I had never done anything like this before, all my friends had vibrators, but I just never felt the urge to do anything like that before. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a prude or anything. In fact me and Tom had a very good sex life. We had done lots of kinky and freaky things, in the bedroom and out of it. I loved a bit of alfresco sex on a summer evening. Maybe it was down to our healthy sex life that I had never felt the need to masturbate, Tom was always more than able to fulfill my every sexual desire.

Never the less I continued to play with myself. Soon just rubbing outside my top was not enough so I unbuttoned my top and slipped my hand into my bra. My nipples were standing erect already so just a small tug had my pussy pulsing in a familiar way. 

In the movie the couple were slowly undressing each other as they kissed passionately. I was imagining me and Tom doing that to each other as I licked my fingers to add a little moisture to my hard nipples, by this time I had pulled the cup of my bra back so my tits were fully exposed to allow me better access.

As the couple in the movie were getting more into it so was I. I was beginning to enjoy myself a lot, I was starting to understand the attraction my friends had with vibrators and for the first time in my life I slipped my hand under the waist band of my pants and into my knickers. I was surprised to feel that I was very wet down there. 

As the couple I was watching began to explore each other's bodies I was exploring my own. I must say I was surprised how nice it felt to touch my own pussy. As l lay back on the couch the man in the film had gone down on his partner and she was moaning loudly as his tongue licked at her juices. I began to imagine Tom was here with me and that he was the one licking my pussy. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the fantasy.

I was very close to the end when I opened my eyes and got the fright of my life when I saw Tom standing over me. I hadn't heard him come home. I quickly pulled my hands away and started to fix my clothes, but Tom caught my wrists and stopped me. He kissed me and asked me to continue what I was doing. 

At first I was hesitant, but he assured me it was a turn on. So, slowly I put my hand back down my pants. I was still quite wet and it didn't take me long to get horny again. Tom sat down on the chair opposite me and watched as I played with my pussy and my now fully exposed tits. I kept my eyes on him the whole time and I could see his erection straining to be released. 

I put the first two fingers of the hand that was playing with my nipples in my mouth and sucked them to create some moisture for my hard nipple. Toms eyes nearly fell out of his head when he saw me do this. He shifted in his seat to try adjust his erection, but this obviously didn't help and he had to open his zip instead. 

I let out a gasp when I saw his cock, it looked bigger than I ever saw it. Obviously my little show was really turning him on. Seeing that he was enjoying it turned me on even more, so I quickened my pace and pinched hard on my nipple. His hand slowly slid down towards his cock and then he wrapped his fingers around it. Slowly he began pumping it. He kept looking at my face for reassurance that what we were doing was ok with me. I nodded slightly and moaned his name to signify I was enjoying myself as much as he was. With my unspoken permission he began rubbing his cock faster, my fingers quickened too.

After about a minute of watching him play with himself and my furious fingering my dripping pussy I was bucking my hips in anticipation of my orgsam. I moaned his name and told him I was super close. He continued pumping as he walked over to my side. His cock was so close to my mouth I could taste it if I moved my head a fraction. I tried to lick the tip but he pulled back and told me I was to make myself cum so he could watch me pleasure myself. At these words I fell apart as my orgsam rippled through me. I was bucking and moaning loudly, so loudly in fact I didn't hear as Tom began to cum. 

I heard him call out my name at the same time as I felt wet on my tits. I looked up and saw Tom wanking ferociously over me as his cum shot all over my tits. I rubbed some of it into my nipples and tugged on them as I waited for him to be done.

When he had finished he collapsed onto the couch next to me. He grabbed the blanket off the back of the couch and cleaned off the mess he had made. As we lay spooning on the couch we both agreed that that was one of the hottest things we had ever done and that we were definitely going to do it again. Only next time we would have a vibrator too!!