 I was a freshman in college, and I was a little bit nervous about the whole college experience. But, I was in the band, which in addition to allowing me to move in earlier than everybody else, it also gave me some friends to start off with. I had not been socially successful in high school, in fact I was somewhat of a recluse. I preferred to spend time with myself, and thus I had had only one or two girlfriends, and they hadn't stayed long. Despite the fact that I lifted weights on a daily basis, I was simply found unattractive by women. So I had kind of quit trying to get girls for a while, until something happened to me. 

As I was putting my instrument in my locker, I stood up and an incredible sight came into view. It was Elyse Miller, one of the most beautiful girls I'd ever seen. She was a flute player, an elegant instrument in contrast to my own clumsy tuba. She was short, about four inches shy of my 5'10" height. She had shoulder length auburn hair, and the most deliciously shaped ass I'd ever seen in my life. She had been out in the hot sun all day with everybody else, and the tops of her deeply tanned breasts were exposed teasingly from the sports bra she was wearing. Even though she was my age, I had counted her out of the realm of possibility. 

I was checking her out as she walked by, roving her with my eyes behind my wrap-around sunglasses. To my surprise I caught her scanning me from head to toe, and her eyes seemed to slow down over my well muscled torso. She must have guessed that I saw her, because she looked me right in the eye and gave a sexy little wink. 

I think my heart skipped a beat when she did that, and I stood there dumbstruck as I watched her ass move delightfully in her shorts as she walked away. While I was considering the implications of what had happened, my section leader came by and told me that there was going to be a party at his apartment that night, and that the whole section was invited. I readily agreed, and put the incident with Elyse out of my mind for the next few hours as I went back to my dorm room to attempt to fitfully work on a paper.

***

After about four hours of waiting for the party to start, I went and gave a ride to another member of my section. When I arrived, the party was just getting started, but there was already about twenty people there. I went through the apartment, making greetings as I went. When I arrived at the back patio, where there was a grill about to be lit, the host looked at me and said, "Take off your skirt and get a beer for chris'sakes!"

Not being one to impede progress, I went to the fridge and got a can of Bud Light, and took it back out to the patio just as the grill was lit. He had put too much lighter fluid on it, and when he threw the match the fireball was so big it singed the hair off his hand. As we watched the flame abate, I popped the top on the can and began to drink. I hadn't eaten anything since an apple at breakfast, and the cold beer hitting my stomach produced an instant buzz. I drained that one and got another, at the same time grabbing a burger and lighting up one of the cigars I had brought. It was hot as hell outside, and with the grill going and the humidity, my black polo shirt was sticking to my back in a matter of minutes. 

When I was on my second burger and my third beer, some other guests arrived that were a total surprise to me. Jack, the section leader, had invited five or six sorority girls over, but only four of them came. Much to my surprise, Elyse was one of the girls that sauntered in. She looked great in tight blue jeans and a halter top, and I could tell instantly that she wasn't wearing a bra. I had an instant hard-on, despite all the booze in my system. She wandered out to the back where the grill was to get something to eat, and through all the catcalls she caught me staring at her. As she made eye contact with me, she glanced down at my crotch, and noticing my embarrassing state, raised one eyebrow and gave me a sly little grin. As I sheepishly excused myself to another room, I noticed her going about her business and flirting with the host as if nothing had happened. 

I went and chugged another beer, hoping to rid myself of the painful situation in my pants. Much to my relief, my erection began to subside, and I went out into the living room, where a game of darts was beginning. It was about ninety minutes into the party when the game started, and it was over in fifteen minutes due to the erratic throws of the drunken participants, myself included. 

At around this point in the party, Eric, another friend of mine, called me over to play a drinking game called flipcup. The game consisted of trying to drink a cup of beer as fast as you could, and then trying to flip the cup upside down before your opponent could. The catch was that you could only use one finger to flip the cup, an activity that required some dexterity and poise. So you could imagine what it was like when you weren't exactly sober. 

When I got up to the table, it turned out that my opponent was Elyse. She gave me another wink, and then sidled up to the table and assumed the starting position of palms flat on the table. I swallowed the lump in my throat and stepped up, just as Eric counted "1…2…3…Go!" I grabbed the cup to drink it, but she was too fast for me in the flipping stage, and she beat me hands down. I grinned shyly, and she laughed right back at me.

As we stepped away from the table amid the cheers and laughter of the onlookers, I moved up next to her and asked, "Can I get you something to drink?"

She paused a minute, uncertain, but then agreed. I told Jack that I needed something special to drink, and he instantly replied "The Jim Beam's in the second cabinet from the right." I found it, and poured us each a generous double portion of the bourbon. 

As I handed the cup to her, she turned, and I instantly noticed that her nipples were very hard, and poking through the thin fabric of her shirt about a quarter of an inch. "Thanks," she said coyly, and then we proceeded to drain the thick liquid. While drinking, I noticed that an impromptu dance floor was being cleared, and some rap song with a slow, really bassy rhythm was being pumped from the stereo. I mustered up my courage and asked her, somewhat hesitantly, "Do you want to dance?"

She bit her bottom lip, then tossed her cup in the trash and replied, "I thought you'd never ask."

As we moved onto the cleared part of the floor, she began to sway her hips back and forth to the rhythm, and this brought my erection back with full force. She turned to face me, and clasped her arms over her head and began to really get going. I wasn't a very good dancer, and she kept goading me on to get some rhythm going.

"Come on, I know you can dance better than that," she said, and I tried to intensify my efforts in a pathetic manner. "I'll bet you just need some incentive don't you…" she said teasingly, and then she backed up to me and began to grind on me, teasing me in a way that drove me crazy. Every time the tip of my hard-on would touch her ass, she would pull away, mockingly resisting me. I let my hands run down her sides to her belt, but she jumped away and turned to face me, beaming a half smile at me the whole time. After a while, I mustered up my courage again, and moved up close to her. She responded by getting even closer to me. As she began to tease me again, I moved my right hand to the small of her back and pulled her in closer, then let my hand go down to her delicious ass and grabbed her on her left side, and gripped it hard. She smiled and began to pull away, but as she did, I moved my middle finger down between her legs and lightly stroked her pussy. To my surprise, her jeans were already a little bit wet. When I did this, she slowed the motion of her hips, and her lips slightly parted in a silent intake of breath. 

After a couple of seconds of her looking straight into my eyes, she and I began to both breathe again. She straddled my right leg and began to move on my rock hard cock in the most incredible way. She now had the ever-wettening crotch of her jeans in full contact with my dick, and was creating a friction that was spectacular. I matched her rhythm with my hips, and continued to stroke her ass with my right hand. I used my free hand to stroke her long, dark-red hair. She moaned encouragingly, and I moved a little bit closer and started to kiss her neck.

"Jesus, you're beautiful," I whispered into her ear. She reacted by giving off a purr of contentment and stroking her hand over my firm pectoral and abdominal muscles. 

All too quickly, the song ended, and the drunken bastard working the stereo took too long to put in another CD. We looked at each other, and pulled away. I noticed that her breathing was ragged and her cheeks were flushed. We just stared at each other for a minute, and then I grabbed her hand and led her off to a hallway where there wasn't anybody else around. She stood with her back to the wall and hung her hands around my neck, pulling me into her until her firm breasts were flattened against my chest. I kissed her, lightly at first. I pulled away to catch my breath, and noticed that she was really enjoying it, with her neck bent backwards, a glazed look in her eyes. I attacked her lips again, this time in a more aggressive way. She parted her teeth slightly, and I slowly inserted my tongue into her red-hot cavern. I moved my left hand up and cupped her right breast, and she moaned deeply into my mouth. Our tongues began to duel, and she moved one of her hands to my chest again, then slid it down onto the rock-hard member that was straining against the leg of my jeans. She began to lightly stroke my shaft, and now it was my turn to grunt in pleasure. I moved my free hand to her spectacular rear again, and sucked her tongue into my mouth and began to toy with it. She started to grind against me, and the friction between her tits and my body was almost too much to bear. 

I noticed someone else from the party walk into the hallway, notice us and then leave hastily. I decided that we were in too public of a place, and I moved my lips from hers and whispered in her ear. "Do you wanna go somewhere?" She nodded assent, and we pulled away from each other slowly. Her breath came in jerks, and my pulse was pounding like I wouldn't have thought possible.

I took her hand, and led her out to the parking lot in front of the apartments. My hands were trembling so much that I could barely get the car keys out of my pocket. I finally got them out, but she stopped me.

"Wait a minute. We're both a little drunk, and we're both only nineteen," she said. I had to admit, she had a point. So, I put the keys back in my pocket, and we walked as fast as we could back to my dorm. 

When we walked in the door of my room, we were both still really horny. She nervously put her small purse down on my desk chair, and then surveyed the room. 

"Nice," she commented, still really nervous. I walked up behind her and ran my hands from her shoulders down to her hips. She sighed and leaned back into me, causing me to inadvertently poke her in the back with my still raging hard-on. I turned her around gently, kissing her passionately as I did so. She eagerly returned the gesture, and we moved slowly over to my bed without breaking the kiss. She lay on the pillow end of the bed, propped up on the headboard with her legs spread a little bit. I climbed in between her legs, and we began to kiss with a renewed ferocity. Our hands were all over each other. She had one hand on my ass, and the other hand on my neck, pulling me into her. I was laying on top of her, but not putting all of my weight on her small frame. I slipped a hand over her breasts, and toyed with the nipples until they became hard in my palms again. She moaned into my mouth, and then began to stroke my erection through my pants. I grunted in pleasure as I reached up to the back of her neck and undid the small bow that kept her top on. As it fell away, I looked down and gasped. She had the most beautiful breasts that I had ever seen or imagined. They were just big enough to fully fill the palm of my hand. They were a milky white compared to the rest of her bronze skin, and this really turned me on. I reached up and cupped her left breast, tweaking the nipple and watching the goose bumps form. She moaned deeply into my mouth and arched her back into me. I pulled my tongue away from her mouth and applied it to her nipples, first the left one, and then alternating to the right. 

"Oooooohhhhhh…..that feels so good..." she exhaled as she leaned back. I began to lay kisses on her breasts, eventually working around to the valley between them. I planted kisses all over her abdomen, slowly working my way lower. When I got down to her belly button, I stopped and looked her in her green eyes as I undid the buttons of her jeans. She looked at me with a look of pure pleasure and desire, willing me to pleasure her. I undid her jeans to reveal white silk panties that were already soaked heavily with her fluids. She gave off an incredible scent of muskiness that I found irresistible, but I willed myself to taking my time, and not to rush anything. She lifted her butt off the sheets and allowed me to peel off her pants. Thus inhibited, I continued to plant kisses on her luscious body, going down the tops of her thighs and carefully avoiding her valley. When I reached her calf muscles, I turned in and began to caress her inner thighs, alternating kisses between her left and right legs. I could feel the tenderness of the skin here, its silky smoothness. She continued to moan heavily, urging me under her breath to arrive at my destination.

I finally reached the apex of her legs. I waited to make her anxiety build up, and then slowly, and ever so lightly, began to lick her vagina through her panties. She moaned deeply, working hard to hold in her cries of pleasure. I went to take off her panties, but she pushed my hands away. I was confused for a second, but my confusion yielded to pleasure when she stood on the bed above me, giving me an excellent view of her ass and pussy from below. The miniscule thong looked great on her in a way that cannot be expressed.

While standing above me, she turned a full circle slowly. "You like?" she asked with a coy half-smile.

I responded by running a hand up her right leg, almost to her treasure trove before she turned away playfully. With her back to me, she peeled off the panties, revealing an almost completely shaved pussy. She looked down at me in a toying way, and then laid back down on the bed in her previous position, spreading her legs and laying herself bare to my gaze. I stared for a minute, and then moved in close. I let my breath float over her outer lips for a second, and watched her writhe in pleasure. I eagerly attacked the entrance to her core with a fierceness that I didn't know I was capable of. As the tip of my tongue parted her wet lips, she shrieked in pleasure and arched her back off the bed as all the pent up tension was tapped. I reveled in the control that I had over her, and began to lick rhythmically up and down both sides, and intermittently thrusting as deep as my tongue could go. I looked up, and she was quite a sight to behold. She had her eyes closed, and was playing with her breasts as the sweat from the warm evening ran down between them. This just served to get me even more turned on, if that was possible.

She was really getting into it now, writhing around and muttering "ohgod ohgod ohgod ohgod…." After about five minutes, I gave her clitoris just the lightest flick of my tongue. She exploded into my mouth, and clamped her legs around my ears as she screamed in the throes of a powerful orgasm. I continued to lap at her streaming cunt until her hips stopped bucking and her breathing returned to normal.

As I moved up and put my head on the pillow next to her, she said, "Jesus, it's never been that good before." 

I just grinned, kissed her, and said "You're welcome."

"But now, we've got to do something about this," she said, squeezing my rock hard cock that was still sheathed in my pants. I jumped when she gripped it, and she giggled at my sensitivity. She ran her hands under my shirt and over my chest, and then gripped the shirttail and pulled it over my head. She moved to my feet, and knelt as she pulled off my boots. She slithered up to my head height again, and laid on top of me, kissing me powerfully. I grabbed her ass, pulling her closer, and jolted when her taut stomach hit the tip of my raging hard-on. Her breasts were flattened against my bare chest, and every time she shifted, her nipples grazed on my skin, causing her to draw in breath sharply.

I was about to lose it, with her rubbing my dick and my hand stroking her ass and pussy, and I told her, "Baby, I'm gonna come if you keep this up."

"Well we can't have that happening so soon," she breathed, and pulled away from my embrace. She slid down, and undid my belt buckle slowly. She then popped the five buttons of my fly almost hypnotically, and then my straining member finally popped out from its restraining position. She gasped with a smile, and then finished pulling off my jeans. She threw them into the corner, and then moved up to stare at my manhood. The head was purple and engorged with blood, and my full eight inches was throbbing in her face. "Christ, you're gonna come like a geyser," she said under her breath. She then began to play with my balls, licking and fondling them, going back and forth. She squeezed the head of my cock, making me groan in tension. She licked the underside of my dick from the base to the head, and I grunted deeply. Watching her do this was almost too much, but I willed myself to hold out for a while. She closed her mouth around the head, and my grunts became moans. I bucked my hips up, trying to get more of her mouth, but she adroitly stayed just out of reach. Right before I pushed her head down, she all of a sudden plunged her mouth down on my dick, making me cry out. The sensation was incredible, and her mouth was like a little hot wet furnace. She couldn't take in my entire length, and I didn't try to make her. She started to bob up and down on my shaft, and I matched her rhythm with my pelvic thrusts. She continued to stroke my balls with a free hand, and played with her nipples with her other hand. This was really starting to get to me, and I could tell that I was getting close to climax. 

"Elyse, I'm gonna come soon," I told her, and she responded by going up and down on my dick faster, and stroking the exposed shaft with her small hands. I lasted about thirty seconds more, and then I felt my sack tighten like a coiled snake. I screamed out and exploded into her mouth. They were huge jets of come, and I felt like I shot for a full minute. She tried gamely to swallow it all, but it was too much for her and she ended up dribbling a lot of it out onto my bed sheets. The sight of her struggling to keep it all down was incredibly hot, and after she had herself cleaned up a little bit I pulled her towards me and landed a strong kiss on her as I reached down and began to play with her pussy again. She writhed on top of me and moaned into my mouth, and began to reach down to fondle my dick again. I rolled over so I was partway on top of her, and kneaded her breasts with my free hand. After about ten minutes I was back and ready for action, as she noticed when my penis was rubbing her leg again.

She grinned and whispered into my ear, "I want you to fuck me John. I want to feel your cock inside of me as I come all over you." Her crude words turned me on incredibly, and as I rolled over to get in a better position, I realized something terrible.


"Shit!" I yelled.

"What?" she asked in alarm.
