 She had sent me IM message on yahoo telling me she had seen my portrait on one of the dating sites. We chatted for a few days before we decided to see each other. We went out to eat and had a really good first date, we just didn't have time for anything else. We decided to meet a few days later and made plans for the day.

I met her at her house and she asked if I didn't mind waiting with her for a while since she was waiting on a phone call that was really important. We sat down on the couch and started talking for a while. One thing lead to another and we began kissing. Things got hot really fast and before you knew it, we ended up in the bedroom.

She told me, "I want to know if I can handle what you told me what I will be experiencing. I think I can handle anything you throw at me." 

I just smiled and told her, "You will be just fine baby, but you will be getting something you are not used to for sure."

I started her off with a very deep massage, taking off her clothes as needed to give my hands room to rub her. 

She told me, "You are very good with your hands"

I said, "Just wait, you haven't seen anything yet". 

She just smiled back up at me and told me, "just keep making me feel good."

After the massage was over I began kissing the back of her neck which made her moan, "You are giving me goose bumps." 

I slowly kissed down her back, nibbling as I went, pausing here and there to see what kind of reaction I would get. At the small of her back I blew across it making the tiny hairs stand up. 

I licked at the top of her ass and then placed my knee against her clit making her squirm against it rubbing her clit as she did. She was getting very wet.

She said, "That felt so damn good."

I worked back up her back and began slowly dragging my tongue up her spine, making her shiver. When I reached her neck, I swirled my tongue around in her ear and then blew into it causing her to moan. I went back to biting her neck and then blowing it back dry which would make her moan out each time.

She said, "That feels so damn good."

I went down to the back of her ankles and kissed and bit while licking them and worked my way back up to the back of each knee and gave them the same treatment. She was moaning how good that felt and I switched over to the other leg. 

I worked back up to the back of her thighs and flicked my tongue out at her taint. 

She asked me, "Show me just how good you are at eating a woman out please?"

I rolled her over and pulled her panties off, showing me the biggest and best looking bush I had ever seen. It ran almost completely from her navel to her thighs. 

She was laying there looking up at me, her tits sticking up like ice cream cones, they were real, not implants, just sitting up high on her chest. Her nice thighs were shapely, but a little on the large size and her belly lay flat but it had a nice roll to it when she was standing up and she was a beauty for sure. 

I started off by getting down between her legs and smelled her bush, it had a lovely scent to it that I later found out to be a wonderful perfume. 

I had to actually find my way to her clit. It wasn't an easy task by any means, but I found her labia that her bush was covering up and opened her lips and blew on her clit for a minute. 

She moaned and told me, "I really want to feel your tongue on my clit."

So I licked her from the bottom of her pussy to the clit swirling my tongue around it before I sucked it into my lips, uncovering the clit from its hood with my tongue and licking it firmly.

She screamed, "I am going to cum if you keep that up much longer!"

I slid my finger into her pussy and found her G spot and made her arch her back up off the bed.

She screamed, "I am cumming!" 

I kept up the pace on her clit and let her work herself up and down on my finger. Her pussy was so tight and I knew it would make me cum quickly so I took my time. I really wanted her to enjoy what I was doing.

I kept right on licking her clit and licking all around her pussy to get all of the juices that were flowing out of her. I kept licking her till she came again and I could really feel how strong it was by the contractions of her pussy walls on my finger. She was tight as hell and I knew it was going to feel so good to be inside of her.

She begged me, "Come up here and fuck me right now, please?" 

I moved up and took one of her nipples in my teeth and bit down on it while flickering my tongue around on it. 

She said those magical words, "Oh My God that feel so damn good". 

With that inspiration, I attacked her pussy again with my tongue and finger making her squirt juices all over my face which caught me off guard. That had never happened to me before and I loved it. 

It was so warm and tasted wonderfully. After the first one I worked her back up quickly making her squirt my face again.

She hollered, "Oh My God, Oh MY God!" 

She pulled me up by my ears and said, "I need a break." 

I smiled knowing she was getting too much of a good thing. I pulled her legs up and sat down underneath them and continued to rub her clit with my thumb.

She screamed out, "Oh My God! You have to stop or I won't be able to do anything else!"

So I laid down beside her and took her right nipple into my mouth while I watched her breathing slow down. When she had caught her breath, I got back between her legs and rubbed my hard dick up her slit and played with her clit with the head. 

She moaned, "That feels so damn good."

I slid the head inside and let her pull me deep inside of her pussy. She felt so snug and warm inside that I didn't want to even move at all so I just started grinding my pubic bone against her. 

She said, "You are going to make me cum in a minute."

I started backing out and slamming into her making her tighten up her legs around me and I knew it wouldn't be but a minute until she came again for me. 

She threw her head back and grabbed the head board and cried out, "I am cumming, oh my God that feels so good!"

I kept my pace and I reached down and rubbed her clit for her which drove her over the edge.

She screamed, "Oh My God, you are so damn good baby, make that pussy yours." 

I kept pounding into her making my dick head hit her G spot and my thumb stayed on her clit and it didn't take but a minute or two longer for her to cum again for me. 

I told her, "Keep one leg straight and roll over on your side and draw your knee up for me."

I then put my dick back into her warm box, it felt like a damn glove she was so tight. I knew it wouldn't be long before I came so I slowed and just humped her without drawing my dick out. It felt so good for her tight pussy to be clamped on my dick so tightly.

I told her, "It won't be but a minute before you make me cum baby."

She said, "Go ahead and cum for me baby, I want to feel you cum deep inside of me." 

I told her, "It won't be but just a second and I am going to cum so hard for you."

I could feel the head of my dick swell and I clamped down my muscles to hold it off as long as I could and started pounding her G spot. 

She threw her head back and screamed, "Oh My God, I am coming baby, come with me" 

I let go and I shot a load like I hadn't shot since I was a teenager. Five big ropes of cum shot out of me hitting the back of her pussy wall and she pulled me tight to her and kissed me deep as hell. I kept pumping my dick inside of her.

She said, "I have never felt anyone cum that strong inside of me! Can you get hard again for me?" 

I told her, "Give me a while because this old man isn't as young as he used to be."

She went down on me and started sucking really hard on the head of my dick, which in no time had my dick jumping and she took the head of my dick down to the back of her throat. 

I said, "You are going to make me cum." 

She started licking the base of my dick with it still lodged in her throat and I came again. This time I hardly shot anything but she sucked down everything I had to offer before she came up to me.

She asked me, "Is that the syndrome you told me about?" 

I smiled and said, "You haven't seen anything, I still had my thumb to use on you!" 

She smiled and said, "Anytime you are ready, just go for it because I am still game for anything!" 

I had finally met my match and she never slowed down that day. I think I finally caught the same damn syndrome that I had been giving her that day! She took all that I had and kept coming back for more each time. I gave her more than twenty orgasms and had four myself.

She smiled at me when I went to leave that day and asked, "Can you could come back for more?"

I said, "Not for several days darling because you rocked my world so hard that it will take me several days to recover!"

She just smiled and said, "Any time you want it baby, just come on back because this pussy of mine will rock your world and then some!"

I drove all the way home with a smile on my face wondering what I had gotten myself into and if I could cash that check that my mouth wrote and still have enough ass leftover whenever I did make it back.