 Jim checked his watch again and glanced at the door. He had not planned on taking a lunch, but when a former coworker called he accepted her offer. There had not been much time for lunches in the past few weeks since his company had released a large amount of employees. He decided that a good lunch out of the building would do him good. Jim waved as he saw Tina come in the door. He stood as she approached and she gave him a warm hug. He couldn't help hug back as he felt the heat of her body and the scent of her perfume. They settled into the booth and began to talk. It had been a few weeks since they had last talked.

"You're looking pretty good. Have you started looking for another job yet?" Jim asked.

"I sent out a few resumes, but I haven't received any calls yet. I've been spending the time getting my house in order."

"You guys doing well financially?"

"Yeah, the severance package was good. I've just been having some trouble with Anthony." She said with a sigh.

Anthony was Tina's husband, and it was no surprise to Jim that they were having problems. They had been having problems for the past few years and things had not changed. Anthony was a man set in his ways, and where Tina had grown over the years since they married, he had not. He was a bible thumper, and the direction of her growth did not sit well with him. In her mid thirties, Tina had discovered wine, dancing and most of all, sex. It was these three topics that had developed a rift between her and her spouse. They had two children, and even though she was unhappy, she stuck it out.

"I hoped that the extra time might have changed things for you guys."

"I hoped so too, but he isn't going to change. I've come to realize that he is never going to change his views. I just have to make the best of things." She said with a smile that held a hint of sadness.

Jim changed the subject as the waitress came to take their order. When she left, he steered the conversation to more generic topics, and kept it so while they ate. He had always found Tina attractive, and as they talked, he found his eyes straying over her. She wasn't a super model, but she had a nice face. She was a bit on the thin side, with small breasts, but she knew what clothes to wear and how to apply her makeup.

The conversation swung back to relationships and Jim could tell that Tina was really struggling. It had been evident for quite some time, but it was now almost palpable.

"Have you tried spicing up things in the bedroom? Have you tried taking charge and not giving him a choice?" He asked.

"I tried that, but he shut everything down. It was over as quick as it started."

Jim nodded in understanding. There wasn't much he could say on the subject and he had already spent enough time away from work. Tina had left a few items at the office when she left, and he had kept them for her in his office. He had forgotten to bring them with him, so she decided to return with him in order to retrieve them.

Jim watched her as he held the door for her, and examined her ass. It was small like the rest of her, but her skirt was perfectly conforming. He took another few glances when he could on the way to his office, but that was all. It wasn't until he opened the door to his office that he decided what to do. He had left the radio on and it masked the sound as He quietly pushed the lock as he closed the door behind them. 

"I was thinking about you and Anthony. Maybe if you put on an adult movie that would motivate him. Don't tell him what it is and see what happens." Jim said.

"That won't work. He scrutinizes every movie he watches. He won't just let it play without knowing what it is."

"Wow. That's got to be hard on you. I think I would be too frustrated to think straight." Jim said. He wanted to be sure of what he was thinking.

"You only know half of it. I try not to think about things, but it's difficult." She said.

"What about when you go dancing?" Jim asked with a laugh. He grabbed her hand and deftly slid his arm around her waist. 

"It's difficult but I manage." She said as he moved her to the beat.

"Come on, I know women like dancing for more than one reason. I hear that the close contact really gets to some women." He said while gently pulling her a bit closer. He was keenly aware that she was not pulling away, and he continued the dance as if it were harmless and playful.

"What you really need is for your guy to spin you around the floor until you're about to explode, then do everything that you've been fantasizing about." He said. 

The song playing had a heavy beat, and Tina swung her hips to and fro. Jim could see a thin sheen of sweat on her face, and her eyes were fixed on his.

"Hmm...you seem pretty hot as it is." Jim said. He let his hand slip down and slowly stroked her hip. "Yeah, it's kind of warm in here...maybe I should sit down." She said in a faint but heavy voice.

Jim moved her slowly back toward his desk. He helped her up as she hopped to sit, but didn't let her go. He was standing between her legs with his arm still wrapped around her waist.

"So what would come after the dancing?" Tina asked.

Jim knew enough about Tina to know all of the things that she had been missing out on. He leaned forward and pressed his face into her neck. She sighed and melted against him as he kissed her neck. Her breath caught in her throat as he moved lower and planted kisses along her collarbone. 

The blouse she wore was thin and Jim easily slipped it up and over her head. He didn't bother with removing her bra, but tugged the cups down instead. Her breasts were small, but her nipples were as large as pencil erasers and just as stiff. Jim began by circling his tongue around one of her breasts and slowly moved toward the nipple. Tina was squirming on the desk by the time he reached the bud and moaned when he captured it between his teeth.

Jim alternated between swipes of his tongue and gentled pressure with his teeth. He was glad for the radio, because Tina was emitting an unending series of moans by the time he given the same treatment to both breasts. 

Jim felt some hesitance when he slid his hand beneath her skirt and hooked his fingers in her panties. It was only token resistance and Tina even lifted slightly as he pulled her panties free. He began sucking one of nipples again as he massaged her thighs, slowly opening them wider. He eventually gave a strong suck that caused her to jerked, and took the opportunity to slide down on to one knee.

Jim slid his head between her legs and began planting kisses along her thigh. He worked his way to her pussy and could smell her arousal before tasting. He licked slowly along her outer lips and she grabbed his head. He slowly moved to the bottom of her slit and dipped his tongue into her hole. Her slit was open, and a heavy flow of sticky juice oozed freely. 

Cunnilingus was something that Tina had never tried, and Jim was determined to show her what she had been missing. He slowly lapped up her juices and then began pushing deeper into her pussy. His tongue began to ache, but he didn't stop, and soon his mouth was pressed tight to her sticky lips and his tongue burrowed deep inside. He moved his mouth is small tight circles and let his tongue swab her walls. 

It didn't take long for Tina to climax. Jim could feel the muscles in her pussy begin to contract, and he knew that she was on the edge. He moved his mouth slightly and rubbed her clit with his upper lips. This was all it took to put her over the edge, and her body began to tense. He quickly slipped a finger along the trail of cream that had rolled down between her ass cheeks. Just as she was climaxing, he slipped the now wet finger into her ass. Her tight hole swallowed his finger with ease, and Tina bucked wildly as she climaxed. He wiggled the finger in her ass in tandem with his tongue buried in her cunt, and kept it up until she became too sensitive and began to push his head away.

Tina was flushed and sweaty as he pulled away, and Jim did not miss a beat as he quickly unzipped his fly. His cock was so hard that it hurt, and he struggled to free himself.

"Turn over on to your knees." He told Tina, knowing that she had only experienced sex in the missionary position.

Tina turned over and Jim helped her into the right position. She gasped out loud as he lubricated the head of his cock between the lips of her pussy. He pushed forward, and finding the opening of her hole, pushed inside with one steady stroke.

"Oh shit!" Tina blurted out as Jim sheathed himself fully in her cunt. He took a moment to enjoy the feeling of her hot walls squeezing his shaft and then began thrusting. He settled on a steady pace and was soon thrusting hard enough to shake the desk. Jim was amazed that her cunt was still drooling a steady stream of cream down his cock. He could feel her juices as the slid down his balls, and could smell her musky scent as if his face were still buried in her slit.

As good as the feeling was, he knew he would not last long. He slid his hands from where they had been at her waist, and cupped each of her breasts. He hunched over her back like an animal and thrust his hips with everything he could muster. He twisted her nipples and she lifted her head, allowing him to suckle the soft skin of her neck. He truly felt like a wild beast as he dominated her body. He felt the tell tale feeling in his stomach as his cock twitched and erupted inside of her. He corkscrewed his hips and pressed as hard as he could into her cunt.

They stayed in the position until Jim recovered his breath. He slowly straightened up and pulled his cock free. He pressed a hand against her lower back to keep her in place, and watched as her open pussy poured a thick mixture onto the desk.

A knock on the door reminding him of another meeting prevented any further activity. Jim tucked his cock away and sprayed air freshener while Tina straightened her clothes. They talked as Jim walked her to the elevator, and Tina seemed happier than he had ever seen her. He was glad for her, but also thinking of things to come. There were others in the elevator, so Jim gave her an innocent hug as they parted. He headed back to his office, with just enough time to send an email before heading out to the meeting. His wife would want to know that they would be having a guest for dinner. She would be especially interested in what who be the main course.