 Joanne unlocked the apartment door and lobbed it closed behind her throwing her keys on the small dining table as she rushed to the bedroom. She paused for all but a moment when she saw a petite black woman lying next to Tim, "I'm so sorry to intrude, I just need another blouse; I spilled coffee all over this one." As she quickly flipped through her closet she glanced over her shoulder and smiled at the tiny ebony goddess who was staring at her confused, "carry on just pretend I'm not here!" With a smile Joanne turned and found the shirt she was looking for.

Unbuttoning her blouse, Joanne placed it in the hamper and made her way around to the side of the bed. Grabbing the blanket she pulled it back to reveal Tim's rock hard erection, "I think he likes you!" Reaching down Joanne grabbed Tim's cock and held it at attention, "He has a beautiful cock, you are really going to enjoy it."

The young woman looked with wide eyes; all she could do was smile awkwardly at the situation. She watched as the woman leaned over and kissed Tim deeply while squeezing his cock firmly; breaking their kiss she just smiled and made her way to the door with a wave. It took the sound of the apartment door locking and a gentle hand on her back to bring Desiree back to reality.

Tim placed a hand on each side of Desiree's face and kissed her lips delicately, "I want to feel these lips on my cock again." As he sat back he guided her towards his pulsing cock.

Desiree kissed the tip of his swollen cock coating her lips in Tim's precum before parting them and sucking half his cock into her mouth. Tim slowly bucked his hips pushing as much of his cock in as he could with each stroke. Cupping his balls, Desiree began a slow and deliberate suck and stroke that immediately had Tim breathing harder.

"Jesus Des, you are going to make me cum doing that!"

With a devilish nod, Desiree continued her mission. Tim was on the edge and she intended to drain every drop from him; she loved the control she had over him as she watched his hips buck as he clawed at the bed sheets.

"Oh my god, not yet baby!" Tim played interference with his hands trying to take control of his cock again, "Let me taste that sweet little pussy of yours while you do that.

Shuffling down on the bed, Desiree gently straddled Tim's face hovering an inch from his tongues reach. As she got control of his cock and began working it into her mouth again, Tim pulled her hips lower and plunged his tongue's length deep inside.

Tim licked every inch of her pussy, stopping to suck her delicate bean at every opportunity. Her gentle rocking told him exactly what she wanted and he was aiming to please. It only took a few moments and Desiree's talented mouth had him on the edge once again; he had hoped the distraction would help his stamina but he was very wrong.

"Fuck! You are going to make me come." Tim pushed his ass deeper in the bed hoping to hold off.

"Please don't make me cum yet baby!" 

Desiree looked over her shoulder playfully, "You better fuck me then."

Pushing Desiree down on her stomach, Tim began to work his tool inside her. Once his length was buried deep inside her, he watched with pleasure as Desiree's eyes rolled back into her head. Pulling almost all the way out he slipped it all the way back in a few more times causing her to moan as he pushed the air from her lungs.

Tim flipped her onto her knees and climbed on the bed behind her burying his cock deeper than ever. Desiree tried to control her moans and yelps as best she could as Tim pounded the length of his manhood in and out of her. Looking over her shoulder she could see a wild and vacant look in his eyes as he devoured her.

"Fuck! Oh yes Fuck...yes...oh." Tim's cock exploded and he held himself as deep inside her as he could. When Desiree collapsed on the bed Tim did too. He pulled her close to him as his cock softened and slowly retreated from her drenched pussy.

"That was so fucking hot Des." Tim kissed her neck, "You are so fucking hot."

Desiree spun and found his lips, "You are even better than I imagined."

Tim smiled, "Good thing we found each other isn't it?"

Tim got up and turned the shower on before returning to take Desiree's hand and guide her into the warm water. Kissing her gently, Tim soaped and ran his fingers over her magical bean; what started as a playful gesture became serious business as Desiree worked her womanhood on his hand. She panted in his mouth as their tongues danced. Desiree steadied herself by placing her arms around his shoulders; her orgasm ripped through her body wildly causing her to convulse.

When the aftershocks subsided, she broke their kiss, "I knew I had another one in there."

"We should do this more often." Tim squeezed her ass cheeks, "There are still a lot of you I haven't had a chance to explore yet."

Desiree smiled and pressed her lips against Tim's as she answered, "I'm sure I could be convinced to do this again."

I have to tell you that fucking that ass of yours is something I've been dreaming about since you started working with us." Tim smiled and gave her ass a firm squeeze.

"I'm not sure how that pretty wife of yours will feel about that." Desiree smiled. "By the way, I still don't really get you two."

"I've never fucked her ass because she has no interest in it." Tim smiled.

"As surprising as that fact is...that is not the part I don't understand." Desiree smiled.

Tim explained the nuances of their relationship and that it was a physical need that had to be fulfilled, it wasn't about love. Love they had in abundance, but lust and the thrill of the chase...that was a continuous hunger.