 This story is a sequel to "Nervousness", it's not necessary to read the other one first, but this is their second time together.

The Only Doom That's Looming...

They had alternating work schedules, as she worked a dayshift at a local department store, and he worked graveyard at a lumberyard. They'd tried to set up dates a few times since their first nervous meeting, but they ended up being hurried affairs with her just getting off work, and needing to get home to help the kids with homework, and with him over-tired from staying up all night and not wanting to sleep for fear of missing their date. Tonight, though, things would be different. They were both kid-free, the kids with respective ex's, and he had got plenty of sleep. They had decided to make dinner again, but this time at his house.

As he was driving home from the liquor store, having grabbed a couple bottles of wine on an impulse, he was surprised to feel his palms sweaty on the steering wheel, nervous again, at the idea of being close to her, eager and horny and shy like he hadn't been since high school.

When he pulled into the parking space at his duplex, he was surprised to see her Jeep already there. The door was unlocked, and when he opened it he heard The Horrorpops, her favorite rockabilly group, and at the same time a strong aroma of garlic caught him of guard.

She had on a red gingham shirt, buttoned low to show off her formidable cleavage, and navy blue high waisted hotpants that she'd put red heart-shaped back pockets on, which drew ones eyes inescapably to her curvaceous ass, and red lace she'd sewed around the front pockets. She wore an oversized pearl necklace, which lay over the tattoos on her chest, and highlighted her righteous rack.

Her long red hair was pulled up in a high ponytail, with a bright yellow polka-dotted ribbon tied around it, her bangs were curled, and her lips were painted with her signature red lipstick.

She was rolling out what appeared to be some kind of crust, and she had several piles of chopped vegetables on the counter, which accounted for the garlic scent in the air.

He stood, watching her hips moving to the music as she rolled out the dough. He came up behind her and put his hands on the curve of her hips, and she spun, startled, raising what he suddenly realized was an old 22 bottle.

He laughed, grabbing it from her as she flushed. "Are you really using a beer bottle as a rolling pin?"

"It's how I roll." She laughed. "You should buy more kitchen stuff. And you should really lock your door, honey."

He shrugged. "I forget sometimes. I don't know a lot of people stupid enough to try and rob me, though."

"You are QUITE intimidating." She teased, squeezing his muscled arm. "Criminals must pale when you walk down the street."

He struck a cocky, Captain Hammer type pose, with an accompanying cheeseball grin, and she laughed. All the previous nervousness had run out of him. Now he was staring down at this woman, this beautiful woman in front of him, who had completely changed his perspective of her in a week. "The only doom that's looming is me loving you to death." He sang, somewhat softly, touching her cheek.

"So I'll give you a sec to catch your breath." She responded, smiling into his eyes. She stood on her tiptoes to press a kiss to his lips. He pulled her body close against him, reveling in the feel of her pressed against his body, the warmth of her.

He ran his tongue against her lips, and she eagerly opened her mouth. Their kiss quickly changed from affectionate to passionate, and he lifted her against his chest.

Laughing a little, and breathing heavily, she broke the kiss. "Did you still want to eat, or no?"

"I am pretty hungry." He smirked, running his hands down her body to her hips. He easily picked her up and set her on the counter, and she grinned as his hands went to the button on her pants. "don't waste any time, now, do ya?" She asked him, leaning forward on his shoulders so he could pull her pants down, revealing polka-dotted black lace underwear.

"Can you think of any good reason to?" He asked, pressing a kiss against the pale skin of her bare thigh.

"The pizza dough is going to dry out." She pointed out and he laughed. She raised an eyebrow at him and handed him the home-canned jar of sauce she had sitting on the table and a spoon.

"Really?" He raised an eyebrow back at her, and then started spreading the sauce onto the roughly shaped pizza dough. She set her foot on the counter, spreading her legs wide for him, and opened the drawer beneath her. She pulled out the bottle opener, and pulled the cork out of one of the wine bottles with practiced expertise, and took a swig directly out of the bottle.

She watched him sprinkle cheese over the sauce, and her hand slid into her panties. He pretended not to notice, as her fingers moved beneath her panties, stroking across her labia. He could see the outline of her fingers beneath the sheer fabric, as she played with her piercing, and moistness began to dampen her panties.

He glanced up at her face, and she took another swig off the bottle, winking at him and offering him the wine. "Nice chianti." She complimented, handing him the straw-wrapped bottle.

"Thanks." He added garlic and zucchini to the pizza, watching somewhat pointedly as she pulled her panties to the side, offering him a view of her wet pink folds.

She slid her fingers up and down her folds, dipping them inside and staring into his eyes as he drank, watching her closely. He turned and put the pizza in his oven, and turned back around, staring at her and moving closer. He stood almost between her thighs, as she sat on the counter, her foot still propped up. He set one hand on her thigh as she continued dipping her fingers into her dripping wet pussy. Her eyes were hooded with lust, and her lips were pursed in a cherry-red mew. He could smell the sweet smell of her, feel the heat from her skin. He leaned into her, his body pressing against her pussy. She moaned as he kissed her, and then he kissed her cheek, and then her neck. He got down in front of her on his knees, looking at her pussy. She flushed, going to put her leg down, and he put his other hand on her thigh, stopping her, and holding her legs open in front of him. "Rub your clit for me, babe." He murmured, and she followed his instruction, rubbing her clit in slow circles with two wet fingers.

He leaned closer, licking her around her fingers, and she whimpered. "You taste fucken good." He mumbled, pushing closer, pushing her fingers out of the way with his face and shoving his tongue roughly against her clit. He held her legs open, as she leaned back against the cupboard, moaning.

"Oh, yeah, honey..." She murmured, as the smell of pizza and pussy grew in the air. She moaned as he pushed three fingers into her, cried out at the contrast of the roughness of his fingers and the softness of his mouth.

He worked his fingers slowly in and out of her wet, tight pussy, licking feverishly at her clit. She gasped, and whimpered, bucking her hips uncontrollably, and her eyes went down to his. Their eyes locked, and she moaned again, at the sweetness of him, at the gentle love and lust and passion that spoke through his eyes. His deep green eyes stayed locked with her vibrant blue ones, and her fingers tangled into his hair, as his hot mouth devoured her.

Her cries got louder, and he allowed her legs to close around him. Her thighs squeezed against his ears, and he loved it, burying his face and mouth into her wet pussy, lathing his tongue against her and shoving another finger hard inside her. They curled against her g-spot with a firm, insistent pressure, and a gush of liquid flowed against his hand. She was moaning, squirming as her pussy was stretched by the thickness and size of his fingers. "Ohgod.. ohgod..." she groaned helplessly, squirming on the counter, as he twisted and pushed, so it was almost uncomfortable, and she half-fell to one side, crying out.

He stood, reaching his arm around her back, so she was cradled back safely against his shoulder, and slowly worked his fingers deeper into her tight, tight pussy, kissing her face and whispering comforting words to her, as she clutched at him desperately. "Are you alright?" He asked tenderly. "You want more?" he circled his thumb on her clit, and she whimpered.

"I don't know... god, fuck..." she gasped, and as another orgasm gripped her, he added his thumb, pushing his hand firmly yet gently into her.

As The Horrorpops sang, "My fist, in the middle of your face!" His fist was pushed into the middle of her soul, and she began to sob, and flail, in a paroxysm of ecstasy, so that he had to hold her more tightly, wrestling himself free of the kicking, squeezing trap of her beautiful legs, and pull her body against him. He turned his fist inside her, stunned by her beauty, and the feel of her tight pussy squeezing his hand. He couldn't even open his fingers, and the seal around his wrist was tight, though constantly leaking her juices. 

He was worried she was going to hurt herself, and so he carried her tenderly to the bedroom, as she hung around his neck, pressing desperate kisses against his skin, moaning so sweetly in his ear as he turned and pushed his fist inside her snug warmth. He lay her back on his bed and continued fisting her as he unbuttoned her shirt. She was squirming, moaning, her eyes closed tightly. Her bra had a convenient front-clip, and he unsnapped it easily, freeing her soft, glorious breasts. Her eyes fluttered open, and she reached for the hem of his shirt as well. He smiled, pulling his shirt off, and her small hands went immediately to his chest and shoulders, squeezing rhythmically at his tight muscles. He leaned down, pressing his lips against hers, and she wrapped herself around him, her lips sucking on his, her arms twining around his neck, and her feet pressed into his bare back.

He carefully pulled his hand free, and she yelped softly, as he extricated himself from her limbs, smiling at her as he unbuckled and pushed his jeans off his hips and to the floor where he kicked them aside.

He stroked his cock a couple times, bringing it to full attention, and she managed to give his cockhead a couple quick, eager licks, before he spun her around and sank his hard, hot cock deep inside her snug, swollen pussy.

A deep moan escaped her as she buried her face into his comforter. "Oh, fuck, babe..." He growled. "I can't believe how tight your cunt is." He pressed his face against her tanned, tattooed back. "you feel fucken awesome..."

He climbed up on the bed behind her, holding her closely as he sank his heavy cock into her over, and over. He kissed the back of her neck, and squeezed her tits, as she tried to raise herself up on her hands, rocking back against him, her back arching, her pussy gripping him tightly. His body was warm and heavy on her back, and she loved the closeness of him, reveled in him, her mind racing with words she could barely form, and she pressed her face against his mattress, trying to whisper what she wanted.

He saw her lips moving and whispered. "Out loud, baby girl, let me hear you. What do you want, baby?"

"Fuckmefuckmefuckmefuckme..." she whimpered breathlessly, and he grinned, getting up on his knees and shoving himself deep deep inside of her. He reached around so he could rub her clit, and rubbed his thumb through her pussy juices, before pushing it firmly against her tight asshole. The overwhelming sensations pushed her over the edge of another orgasm, and he groaned, pulling her close and burying his cock up to the hilt in her spasming pussy. It spasmed and jerked, sucking and clenching around his cock, as he groaned loud, emptying a large load of semen inside of her. She felt the sudden rush of heat, as he dropped his forehead against her shoulder, growling and biting at her skin as he thrust his hips against hers.

He collapsed, crushing her against the bed for a moment and then rolling off, pulling her close, as she trembled and moaned. "Are you okay?" he asked, kissing her lips tenderly. His lips were soft and warm, and she nuzzled against him, curling against his chest and letting him cradle her sweetly to him.

"More than okay." She whispered against his freckled skin. "I...I didn't know you could do that."

He laughed. "Do what?"

"Your hands are huge." She whispered, still stunned, and somewhat sore.

"Oh, yeah?" He was grinning at her, he couldn't help it. "Have you never had a good fisting before?"

"Shut up." She laughed, pressing her face against him still, her body trembling in his arms. "I bet you burnt the pizza..."