 Quietly making his way through the apartment, he went down the hall towards the bedroom. The door was open a crack and from behind him, the hall light illuminated the figure lying on the bed. A bit of pale, creamy flesh showed where a leg was no longer covered by the sheet. He watched her for a few minutes, amazed that she had followed through on their plans.

A few nights before, he had been on some random internet chat line and started talking to a woman who claimed she was about his age. She described herself as a little heavy, but very curvy. She stated she had large breasts and nipples and loved to have them licked, sucked and even bit. She had shaved her pussy and it was just begging for a man to come and play with it and fuck it hard. They had started out innocently teasing each other and then it got hotter and hotter. At the end of the conversation, she made him promise to come see her at her apartment that Friday night. She would leave the door unlocked and her bedroom door open for him. 

He watched her, his cock hardening in his jeans as he thought about their conversations over the last few days. He pulled off his t-shirt and dropped it beside him. He toed off his shoes and socks and then undid his jeans. He pulled them down and stepped out of them. He watched as she shifted on the bed, stretched out on her stomach, as the sheet slipped down to expose the tops of her ass cheeks. He couldn't wait to feel the fleshy globes in his hands. He pushed open the door and then went into the room, stopping at the end of the bed.

Leaning down, he placed his hands on the bed, on either side of her feet. He leaned down farther and kissed her exposed calf. She shifted again and he smiled as the sheet slipped down even more. He ran his hands up her legs and under the sheet to her thighs. Her skin was so warm against his hands and he fought to control his breathing. Her hips shifted and she moaned. She rolled onto her back and sleepily opened her eyes. She smiled up at him and he smiled back, before his eyes shifted down to her breasts. She was right. Her breasts were huge and he reached out and gently tweaked her right nipple. 

He gently put his hands on her knees and pulled her legs apart. He knelt on the bed between her legs and lifted her hips, cupping her ass in his hands. He angled her hips and looked down. The shaft of light from the hall was shining directly on her pussy. The juices on her skin glistened in the soft light. He leaned down and slowly ran his tongue from her ass up to her clit. She jerked and moaned under him and he tightened his hold on her ass. He stabbed his long tongue into her pussy several times, loving the taste of her musky juices. She was thrashing beneath him, her hands holding his head to her pussy. He sucked her clit into his mouth, flicking his tongue against the hard nub. Her moaning was getting louder and louder, almost to the point where she was screaming. 

"Please." She begged between moans. He smiled and continued to lick and suck her pussy. When her writhing came to the point where she nearly bucked him off the bed, he slid up her body, pushing his hard cock against her pussy.

Without help from either of them, he sank his cock into her. She screamed and he gasped as he felt her tightness envelop the steel-like shaft of his cock. Her cunt was so hot and wet, gripping his cock like a vice. She wrapped her legs around his hips and clutched him tightly to her. He gripped her shoulders and he fucked into her. He couldn't believe he was this lucky. That he found a woman that would randomly fuck him and he didn't even know her name. He knew what she looked like, and where she lived, but other than that, they knew nothing about each other.

She lifted her arms and he lay down on top of her, his head at her breasts as he latched onto a dark nipple. His tongue swirled around the nipple and he loved the taste of her skin. Her nipple was hot in his mouth and he covered it with spit and then gently blew on it, feeling it harden against his lips. Her fingers gently ran through his hair, as she scratched his back lightly. He continued to tease her nipple, sucking it into his mouth. He stopped moving inside of her and slowly slid to her left side, the nipple popping out of his mouth as he quickly moved to the other one. Her hand slid along his side to his hip and she wrapped her fingers around his cock. His eyes closed and he moaned.

"Why did you stop?" She asked quietly as stroked his hard shaft. He moaned and his hips moved, helping his cock slide through her grip.

"I don't want to cum yet." He whispered. She giggled and then put a hand on his shoulder and pushed him onto his back.

"You think we are only going to fuck once?" She asked as she straddled his hips. He put his hands on her thighs as she settled herself above him. She reached down and wrapped her fingers around his cock, running the tip of it along her slit; their combined juices causing her to stroke his cock as she moved it back and forth. She lifted herself and placed his cock at the entrance to her pussy. He thrust up, shoving himself into her. She shuddered and he gasped as their hips slammed together. She slowly moved her hips in a circular motion and took his hands in hers to help her stay upright. She felt her pussy begin to throb and she changed her pace so her clit rubbed against his pelvic bone, heightening her pleasure. She screamed quietly as her body exploded with the intense feelings of her orgasm. The rippling and throbbing of her pussy walls was too much for him. He gasped and felt himself shooting in her. He tried to push her off since he had forgotten a condom. But she tightened her knees against his hips and held him in her.

"I'm on the pill." She gasped. She fell forward, her hands on either side of his head and he tangled his hands in her hair, pulling her close for a kiss. Their tongues dueled in each other's mouths and their breathing slowed. He wrapped his arms around her and held her close. He remembered her mentioning that she was afraid she would be too heavy to lay on him and he held her still when she tried to slide to the side. His softened cock slid out of her and they both twitched. They continued kissing for a few minutes and then she rested her head on his shoulder. Her breath tickled his cheek.

"I wasn't sure you'd come." She said softly. He played with her hair with one hand and the other tweaked a nipple. He loved how it hardened under his fingers.

"How could I resist such an offer?" He replied as he kissed her forehead. She laughed softly and he watched her breasts shake. "I can't believe you suggested it." She lifted her head and looked at him.

"After seeing your cock, I had too." She shifted gently to the side and wrapped her fingers around him. "You didn't lie about the length or the width." He was around eight inches and very wide. She ran her thumb over the head, smearing their drying juices around. He shivered. She slid off of him slowly, her body caressing his. She brought her face close to his and they kissed, she pulled back, softly biting his lip as she pulled away. He watched her and gave her nipple another tweak before putting his hands behind his head. She kissed her way along his collar bone and along his sternum before stopping to lick and suck his nipples. Her fingers trailed along his sides and hips and she continued to kiss and nibble his body. She bit gently in the hollow where hip and groin met. He jumped and she giggled.

"I love this spot. It's so close to a man's cock, but still so far away." He continued watching her, a smile on his lips. Her breasts swayed as she crawled between his legs. She knelt, reached up and slowly ran her nails from his shoulders to his hips. His body writhed against the bed and she smiled. She ran a finger from the base of his cock to the tip and watched it twitch. Scooting back, she leaned down so her mouth was over his cock and he could feel her warm breath. Slowly, she ran her tongue along the length of his cock and then quickly sucked the head into her mouth. She watched him and smiled around his girth when he gasped and his spine bowed. He was almost too big for her mouth but he was still soft enough that most of him fit. She sucked gently, feeling the blood pulse through the veins, loving the feel of him throbbing against her tongue. She watched his face and he was staring at her through hooded eyes. One hand came down to rest on her head and he gently guided her into a slow rhythm, his cock sliding in and out of her mouth, her lips darkening with the friction as she sucked. Once she found the rhythm he liked, he released her head and held back her hair. She continued sucking him until he became rock hard and her mouth couldn't stretch further. She sucked the head and swirled her tongue around it. 

He sat up and pulled himself from her mouth. He put his hands on her face and pulled her up for a kiss. His tongue licked along her lips and then he sat back, his hands coming to her breasts. He squeezed them gently and she pressed into his hands, so he squeezed a little harder. She moaned and he laughed gently. He got to his knees and pushed her onto her stomach, stretching her out flat. He straddled her legs, his cock resting along her ass. He gripped the fleshy globes in his hands and squeezed. He smacked one gently, and when she didn't complain, he slapped both a little harder.

"I do admire your ass." She laughed and the globes jiggled. He stared, fascinated, by the gleaming, pale skin. His cock hardened more then he thought possible. He leaned over her, kissing her shoulder and along her spine as he slid his cock along the crack of her ass. He bit her ass gently and then slid his fingers down between her legs. She was so wet his finger slid into her easily. He eased his finger out of her and pushed his cock down. He was able to slide inside of her and he stretched out on top of her, sliding his hands under her to grip her breasts. Her breathing quickened as he slowly slid in and out of her, his body rubbing against hers. This position made her so much tighter and she was extremely tight to begin with that he was sure it wouldn't take long for him to cum.

As he started to sit back he pulled her up to her knees and slid back into her. They both stated they loved doggy style and he was able to fuck her hard and deep in this position. It loosened her up just enough that he wasn't going to cum right away from her pussy gripping him tightly. He smiled and started to pound her, watching her ass wiggle from the thrusts. She pushed back against him and threw back her head, gasping for air. He considered himself very fortunate he had found her and he would give her a fucking to remember him by.

For several minutes he continued slamming himself against her. As he felt her pussy flood with her juices and pulse around his cock, he felt his balls contract and his cock throbbed. He pushed her off and pulled her around so her face was level with his cock. "Open up." He gasped and she opened her mouth just as he started to spurt. Jet after jet of cum shot into her mouth and she swallowed quickly. She licked the head of his cock and cleaned him off. He sat back and stared at her. She smiled up at him.

"Well, that was fun." She said as she slid off the bed with a stretch and went into the bathroom, shutting the door. He heard the toilet flush and the shower started running. She pushed the door opened and in the soft glow of a nightlight, she beckoned to him. "I can't send you home smelling like me." He laughed softly and got up, his legs feeling a bit weak. She took his hand and together they stepped into the shower. They washed each off and he leaned down to lick and suck on her nipples. He straightened and tweaked one.

"Next time I will pay more attention to those." She smiled. "The next time you decide you want me to stop by, leave me a message." He kissed her gently, slid his finger over her clit and stepped out the shower. Without drying off, he put on his clothes and left, making sure the door locked behind him. He looked up at her window and saw her looking around the curtain. He held up the finger he had slid into her pussy and smiled as he slid it into his mouth. She laughed and flashed him quickly and watched as he laughed and got into his truck. 

His cell phone beeped before he even left the parking lot. "Come back whenever you want. The door will always be open to you." He turned off the car and got back out and went back into the building. She stood in the open doorway, light glinting off her naked skin, a knowing smile on her face.