 Note: This material is copyrighted by the author [me]. Do not add your own ending to it. It is here for your reading pleasure. If you don't like it, move on to another you do like.

*****

She was one of those secret redheads who had colored her hair blonde. We had met probably a year before when we both worked for the same state agency. I had since moved on to something more lucrative, and she remained in her position. She was twice divorced, and the state job was a source of security.

That's when I came into the picture. She and I hit it off right from the start. Initially, our relationship was purely innocent and developed because our paths crossed frequently. The first time was when we had a quick lunch together while I was on business in her town.

Linda began flirting more and e-mailing more. When I changed jobs, I let my guard down a bit because the situation became less dangerous. Before long it became a full blown affair. It was one of the most exhilarating experiences of my life. I traveled often, and her home was situated such that I always seemed to be going through her town. My schedule was such that I could almost always spend the night.

She was remarkably beautiful. She often wore long gowns when we went out for dinner or dancing, and she wore them with a grace not often seen since the glamour days of Hollywood. I don't think I ever saw her wear the same undergarments. She always wore matching solids, but either black or some really exciting color, never anything cheap or looking like it was off the rack at one of the megastores. On the nights that she had a chance to put on a nightie, she always had a new and different one.

She kept herself fit and also kept her pubic hair to a minimum. It was always so fascinating, though, to see her blonde hair and then to pull her panties down and to see a fiery red, close-cut mound.

Over the months, we dined, we danced, we cooked for each other, we played strip pool, and we shared overnight trips together. We attended movies and plays. The most exciting encounter we ever had, though, was when we decided to stop and go into an open house in a new subdivision.

It was a subdivision of upscale homes. We entered the open house expecting to find a realtor or a sales rep. Instead, we found the house entirely empty. We wandered through it checking out the cabinets, the granite countertops, the fireplace, and all the other amenities. Eventually, we found ourselves at the back of the house in the master bedroom and then beyond that, the master bath. As we stood in front of the shower, I pulled her close to me and began kissing her lips.

As we continued to kiss, my hands reached down her back to her buttocks. With one hand on each side, I began to massage her firm butt. 

Some women are turned on by stimulation of the nipples. Some are turned on by stimulation of the clit. The one thing that always got Linda in the mood was for me to squeeze and massage her buttocks. As I did so, she pushed her pussy against me and began to grind slowly. I walked her backward to the counter where the lavatory was.

I turned her around and cupped her breasts, stimulating her nipples. Then I let my hands run down past her waist as far as I could reach. I began to pull her dress up. Although it wasn't an evening dress, it was a longer summer dress, and it came up easily.

Since we were then in front of the mirror, I watched each act, first the cupping of the beasts, then the nipple teasing. Then I enjoyed the view in the mirror as I lifted her dress and began to slip my right hand beneath her and inside her panties to rub her. It was always my custom to bring her to a climax before I entered her. I hadn't planned what was happening, but we seemed to be following our normal course.

Then she said, "Don't worry about me. Just take my panties down and let me lean over." With that, I began to slip her black, French cut panties down. She was wearing knee-high hose, and all I had to remove was the panties. I slipped them down and put them into my pocket in case someone came in. I reached around and rubbed her clit a couple of times for good measure, and she leaned forward, bracing herself with her forearms on the lavatory. 

I lifted her long black summer dress up over her butt and put it onto her back. Next, I rubbed her naked ass and her long firm legs. Then spreading my legs to get the proper height, I began to push against the inside of her vaginal lips until her juices had me lubricated enough to allow full penetration.

I have no idea how hard I was pounding her from behind in the heat of the moment, but I do remember that with each thrust, her hair would bounce from the shock. She was wet, she was willing, and she was wanting it. I was just as eager and was giving it all that I had. I looked to my right. I could see through the open bathroom door to the end of the master bedroom. It ran the entire depth of the house to the front, and had anyone come up to the windows at the front of the house, they would have had a fantastic show.

To my left was a huge window over the garden tub. I couldn't believe that I was screwing her right in front of that window. We were in some danger of being seen from the front. There was also the danger of someone walking into the house at the front door. But more dangerous by far was the huge clear glass window five feet to my left. Her top was still clothed, but her ass was uncovered with the dress still on her back. The window was low over the tub and would have given anyone more than ten feet from the house a full view of the action. The light from the large window also would have made us visible to anyone in the back yard. My pants and shorts were around my ankles as I thrust into her warm vagina with force. No one could have doubted what we were doing.

I'm sure the risk of being caught was an aphrodisiac for both of us. Maybe it was sex in a forbidden place or maybe it was the risk of being caught, but it was one of the most satisfying fucks I've ever had. I didn't even find myself in a hurry to finish. I just enjoyed it one stroke at a time.

Finally, I reached the point where I had to let go. I exploded inside her, our juices mingling together inside the warmth of her sweet pussy. I looked around. As a model home, there was no tissue paper. I offered to remove my undershirt and to let her drain on it.

"No, that's okay," she said. Just give me my panties back, and I'll drain into them. It's not that far to the house anyway. As my penis began to shrink, I withdrew and quickly pulled up my pants far enough to retrieve her panties. She stepped into the panties before my juices could drain out. With her dress falling into place and with my pants secured, we embraced and kissed several more times before leaving our impromptu love nest.

As we drove back to her house, I took pleasure knowing that she was sitting beside me with my juices either still inside her or being worn on her pussy lips and soaking her black panties. That night we slept together in peaceful slumber before I had to leave the next morning.

She eventually had to move due to her job, but from that day until now, I never pass an open house without remembering my sexy redhead and our house hunting. I hope we were the first to have sex in that house because if we were, we certainly got it off to a good start. I still wonder sometimes if anybody got a show through that huge window.