 Martin had met Liz on a swinging website and having seen in her profile that she like him liked erotic writing and reading they had got chatting before finally meeting at the Fishers Arms in Whitland one lunchtime.

After finding out that they got on so well at the first meet they met a very discretely due to Liz being married, fairly frequently at lunchtimes at his nearby house until the following happened.

Liz arrived just after midday and Martin let her in and made a drink for Liz while he apologised for being grubby as he hadn't noticed the time and he excused himself to have a shower.

As Martin walked into the Bedroom room his house fresh from his shower, he found Liz had come upstairs to wait while he showered and found her bent at the waist and leaning out the open window, apparently talking to Mrs. Smith, the lady next door who usually sat on a lawn chair in the back garden when the weather was nice watching the world go by. The curtains were closed and only her bottom half emerged from between them. She was wearing a short flared black skirt and stood leaning on one leg, with her hips off to the side, one cheek a little higher than the other.

At that exact moment, the way the material draped and accentuated the shape of her lovely arse looked magnificent to him. He thought about how she had looked earlier, walking around the house in her black skirt and tight white T-shirt. Obviously braless underneath, he had enjoyed the gentle swaying of her breasts pushing against the fabric as she moved about. 

Without really thinking about it, he walked over to where she was, stood behind her, pulled the window down as far as he could without hurting her, and locked it in position with the anti-burglar lock. She was a little startled, but Mrs. Smith was still talking, so she acted as if nothing was happening. She felt him grab her hips and grind his crotch into her arse. Out of the corner of her mouth, through clenched teeth, so Mrs. Smith would think she was still paying attention, she whispered, "What the hell are you doing?"

"Whatever I want," he said, and she felt him pull away and begin lifting the skirt slowly up her thighs.

Again through clenched teeth, as Mrs. Smith droned on, she hissed "Are you out of your mind? Stop it!" Through the slight parting of the curtain, he could see her smiling.

"I'll stop when I'm done," he said, and he continued lifting the skirt slowly up onto her back revealing that delectable panty covered arse which he started caressing. The idea of what he was doing gave him a throbbing hard-on. She felt him rub her crotch through her sexy little panties, and although she was turned on by the same idea, she squeezed her thighs together to stop him.

With his hand immobile, he began to flex his fingertips. They were directly on top of her clit and she felt this all the way up her spine and down her legs. She clenched her toes in excitement, and then opened her legs to release his hand. He slipped his fingers under the elastic of her panties and pulled them slowly down to her knees. He opened the towel around his waist and let it fall to the floor, where he kicked it backwards and out of the way, and began to caress her arse with his hands in smooth rotating circles.

"Please don't," he heard her say, but he knew she didn't mean it. He slid one hand down the crack of her arse and over her pussy, where he slid his fingers back and forth, slowly spreading her lips.

"Oh Martin. I'm going to kill you when I get out of here," she whispered. "You're dead. You're dead meat. Do you hear me?"

"Yes, I hear you loud and clear," he said, just as he slipped the tip of his middle finger between her pouting pussy lips and inside her very moist vagina, paused, and then slid the rest of his finger in. The warmth and wetness felt inviting. His erection pulsed. She rocked her arse gently from side to side. She felt her panties constricting her knees. There was something so wrong about what he was doing, so bad that it made her feel sexy and slutty. She liked feeling like a bad girl. 

Mrs. Smith had stopped talking, folded up her lawn chair and was heading back inside. Once the landlady was gone, she was still trapped but no longer had to fake a conversation. She stared up at the clouds as they drifted along. People were walking and cars driving by, so she still acted like nothing was happening, like he wasn't sliding his finger in and out of her, like he hadn't reached around with his other hand, wasn't circling the tip of her clit with a wet finger tip.

She felt very naked, even though she was leaning out the window with her T-shirt on. Her nipples became hard. They ached. Watching the clouds drift along, she concentrated on the sensations he was generating deep in her vagina.

He removed his finger sliding in and out of her, squeezed up closer to her, and she felt the inside of his thighs pressing against the outside of her thighs, and the tip of his hard-leaking cock start to poke around the entrance to her now very wet vagina. Using his free hand to help, she felt him find his target and push himself in a couple of inches. He sensed the warmth and wetness around the tip of his cock and paused.

He always paused at this point, like someone slowly sinking into a nice hot tub for a long soak. He pulled back and pushed forward a little further, pulled back and pushed forward even further, and pulled back once more before he sunk his cock all the way into her. She felt his groin press into her soft arse. He stopped moving; savouring the sensations again as his finger still circled her hard throbbing clit.

She responded by grinding and rocking her hips in circles, pushing back as best she could from her awkward position. The fingertips of one of his hands were now flicking back and forth on her clit. He began to slowly slide his cock in and out of her. Still absently looking at the clouds in the sky, she lowered her eyelids halfway and concentrated on her awareness of the motions of his thick cock deep inside her. She stayed frozen like this for a couple of minutes, just enjoying.

She heard her name being called. Suddenly jolted alert, she snapped her eyes open and looked down at the source of the sound.

"Excuse me?" she said. Mrs. Smith had returned, and was looking up at her. He continued to slide himself in and out of her from behind. They were both aware of how much wetter she was getting. And Mrs. Smith was talking again.

"I said it looks like you're falling asleep up there."

"Ah... Um... No. Just... day... dreaming." Forming sentences was taking a little effort. She was still focused on his thick cock sliding in and out of her.

"Well it's a nice day for it," Mrs. Smith continued. At this point, he removed his hand from her clit and slid both of them under her T-shirt, being careful to stay close to her skin. He cupped his hands around her breasts, and firmly rolled her nipples between his fingertips. Her eyes opened a little wider and she took a deep breath as her first orgasm hit her and her vagina spasmed as she squirted. Mrs. Smith misunderstood the response.

"Yeah," she said. "The air smells good today. Nothing like a fresh air."

"No... Yeah... Nothing like it... Is there...?" She was speaking a little hesitantly. Once again, Mrs. Smith misunderstood.

"I think you got a little Spring Fever this today."

"I... I guess...so," she answered, as best as she could. He had begun to pick up the pace of his thrusting when he felt her cum. She felt her arse shake every time he slapped into it. She braced herself on the windowsill to try and hide any motion from Mrs. Smith. She wanted to fuck back. She wanted to slam herself into him, but the windowsill and Mrs. Smith's attention prevented any of that. She could feel the sloppy wetness of their fucking trickling down her stockinged legs. Go away, she thought to herself, go away go away go away.

"Honey, I'm going down to the store. You want anything?"

"Um... Uh... N... N... No. No. Can't think of anything. Thanks. Thanks anyway." Please, please, please go away.

"Okay, see you later, dear."

As Mrs. Smith wandered away, through clenched teeth, between his thrusts, she said to her Martin "Please... Open the... window... Let me in... Joke's over... I just... want to... fuck... Let me in... Please."

He slid all the way into her and stopped, leaned forward, undid the anti-burglar lock and pushed the window up. Abruptly, she slammed backwards with her arse, pushing him over and pulling him out of her. He landed on his back, surprised and stunned, his thick wet cock slapping against his thigh.

She spun around, stared right into his eyes like a laser and said, "You bastard." She pulled her panties down the rest of the way. He began to sit up, and she leaned over, put her hands on his shoulders and pushed him back down, sinking with him and never breaking eye contact. He was momentarily frightened and thrilled by the look in her eyes.

Still holding him down with one hand, she used the other one to grab his wet, slippery hard cock and hold him steady while she positioned herself over him. Once she felt his tip at her vagina, she sat down hard.

"Woooof," he grunted, as her full weight came down on him. "Hey, take it easy."

With a grin on her face, she said "Go to hell," grabbed his wrists and held him to the floor. She proceeded to slam herself up and down on his thick cock, as fast and as hard as she could, while keeping him pinned.

Surprised by her roughness, and by his loss of control, he said, between her slams, "Hey... take it... easy...what are... you... doing?" He struggled against being pinned. He was surprised by her strength.

"Shut up," she hissed through clenched teeth. She brought his hands together above his head, pinned his wrists with just one hand, clamped the other one over his mouth and said, "Shut up and get fucked." She saw his eyes widen above her hand on his face. The teasing had been too much. She wanted to cum again. Now. She kept bouncing on him, grinding her leaking pussy against him as she rose up and down. She closed her eyes, tilted her head down and continued to pound away at him, lost to the sensations of another, bigger orgasm welling up inside her.

He looked up at her. She seemed very far away, smiling to herself. Like he wasn't there. She was using him like a piece of meat, like nothing more than a hard cock. He could tell she was approaching orgasm, but not like he'd ever seen before. She was muttering, "Yes, yes, yes," under her breath. She slammed down one last time and ground away at his cock in a rotating motion.

He saw her eyes squeeze shut and her smile flatten into a grimace. She moaned, "Yes, yessss," one last time, took a short, sharp breath and held it. She squeezed his face hard with the hand clamped over his mouth. He felt the walls of her pussy pulsing and throbbing. He felt his cock throb and pulse too, but he wasn't close enough. Not quite. He watched her instead. She twitched as she rotated, grinding down as hard as she could as she squirted yet again.

The grinding began to slow, becoming lazy circles. Her breathing resumed, deep and rich. Her eyes opened and she looked at him. Her eyes sparkled; her face widened into a smile and took her hands off his face and wrist. She leaned back into a sitting position astride his midsection. She seemed very calm and quiet. His hard-on throbbed inside her. She felt it and raised one eyebrow. "Aw, poor baby didn't get to cum this time?" she said, and she smirked. "Serves you right for the stunt you pulled." 

She began to rock on her hips, gently back and forth. She was still horny. As she leaned forward to kiss Martin he placed a hand on each cheek lifted her a few inches up his cock, which allowed him to gently caress and tease her sensitive nipples as he started to fuck her with very fast long strokes as he held her there. The sloppy squelching sounds of his groin meeting her swollen pouting pussy was turning them both on.

After about ten minutes of this vigorous fucking, Liz felt another orgasm fast approaching as she felt his cock swelling slightly as he got ready to pump his cum deep into her vagina.

Then as Liz orgasmed again Martin rammed his cock in so hard as he came he lifted her a foot off the floor and held her there as he pumped her full of his hot cum.