 Our friendly waiter removes our plates, and there is about a glass each of wine to finish. He senses our mood, dutifully pours the remaining Zinfandel and leaves discreetly. Irene and I gaze at each other across the table, the look of want in both our eyes. Our stomachs full, our appetite satiated, I can feel both her feet, now working their way playfully around my legs. She takes a sip of wine, without taking her eyes off mine. I can tell from the position of her feet, that she has spread her legs rather wide. I notice one hand of hers, disappearing below the table.

"What have you enjoyed most about our online and phone conversations?" she asks me seductively

"Listening to you whimper, when you cum. Calling me papacito and begging me to cum with you"

"Mmmm" is her only response, closing her eyes and biting her lip

"Ay, Si papacito, and I love listening to you cum so loud and hard, Mmm"

I can feel her feet and legs trembling a bit, locking harder around my legs.

"I am so wet for you now" she breathes softly. I realize now that she is fingering herself that makes me so hot, I start to tremble a bit.

"Oh yeah?" my voice quivering. Her head rolls back, and she moans, ever so slightly. I recognize the sound of her close to cumming. She accidentally? knocks a spoon off the table. Being a gentleman, I immediately bend forward, under the table to pick it up. I look up and glance between her legs. Her hand is rotating slowly and pressing at the same time, between her firm thighs. It is too dark to see very well, but I can tell she pulls her hand up a bit and I see a flash of pink flesh, glistening. I breathe deeply and smell her musty scent. I am compelled to plant my face between her legs, but I notice the shoes of our waiter approaching. Quickly I sit up.

"I'd ask if you want dessert, but I don't think we serve anything that would interest you two". 

"You're right," says Irene. " I have a craving for banana with nuts and cream"

"Sorry can't help you there" quips annoying waiter. 


The desert evening in spring is glorious. The moon is full. As we walk from the restaurant, I can feel a wonderful crispness in the air, a nice counterpoint to the heat being generated in my cock. We stroll arm in arm, conscious of each other's breathing and movement. I wonder if Irene is still as wet as I am hard. 

"I want you...now", her voice is soft, yet urging. "I can't wait any longer, I am so wet, and hot for you"

I notice a small park a block away. There are a few shade trees and some swings, only the moonlight for illumination. I taker her hand and practically run across the street to the park. We wonder in, past the swings. There is an old tree that had part of the trunk parallel with the ground. The surface is worn smooth from years of sitting. The bark has been carved with countless names of lovers past. I can comfortably sit and lean back against the trunk. I beckon her toward me. We comfortably embrace, and once again out tongues entwine. Our mutual moaning is a soft symphony. My hands follow the curves of her hip, around to her stomach and quickly to her breasts. She is not wearing a bra and her nipples are like hard gumdrops. 

" Si papacito, oh yes". I unbutton her blouse and one beautiful titties is exposed to my hungry mouth. I lick the gumdrop, roll my tongue, and suck her like a hungry child. She stands and then straddles me, legs spread, her dress riding high on her thighs; she begins to hump the bump in my trousers. I reach for her her legs, both hands slide under her dress. I grab her fine Latina ass and pull her toward me. I can smell her musty scent, and can feel the wetness of her through my pants. 

"Oh yesss, mi amor, yess Irene. Oooh, you are so hot. Que caliente eres!"

"Y mojado para ti, mi brujo"

She works at unbuckling my belt and then my jeans. Finally my cock emerges, the tip wet from pre cum. She wiggles up on it, rubbing her wet delicious clit on the tip. Slipping my jeans down past my butt, I feel the smooth wood beneath me.

"Mmmm, Oh baby, yess" she moans as she slides her now drenched slit up and down along my 8" shaft. I look down and can see her swollen lips wiggle back and forth on my member, She climbs up a bit and then lets the tip of my cock probe her opening. She hesitates a bit and then slowly squats on my throbbing dick

"Oh yeah, babe, you are so tight" I moan through clenched teeth. She is so tight; that she need's to work her slowly down. As she does this, I begin to rub her swollen clit with my thumb. Rolling it about, watching her closed eyes and the look of ecstasy on her beautiful face.

"Ay, Ay... Oh yes baby" she begins to cum. I know that she will cum many times and I can hold off and let her cum on my cock.

"Mmm..Mmm. Ooooh,Mmmm" her tight pussy begins to contract on me as she takes my whole cock in. She begins to grind, I am fully and deeply penetrating her. Slowly but with great pressure she rotates her clenched cunt around my hardness.

She begins to cum more. Her moans become louder. As I begin to pump her furiously, she kisses me, sucking on my tongue. She sucks my tongue in and out of her mouth, following the rhythm of my cock, perfectly synchronized; she fucks my tongue and dick in the same time, the same pace

"Cum for me baby" she cries. 

"Let me know how much you want me, cum baby, shoot your hot load into me. Oh,Oh please now!"

I feel the base of my cock swell. My balls contract. A flash of a distant blue light, the rush of hot jism through my dick, spurting into her deep.

"Ohhhhh! Yessss! Ahhhh, Uh huh, Uh huh! Mmmm, Oh yes babe, its all for you babe!

"Ay si mi amor! Ay! Mmmm Ay! Mm, Mmm" she is cumming violently now, even as my cock makes its last spurt, she rides me like a woman possessed.

We both are trying to catch our breath. The moon has moved over the trees. Her hair is damp and she lies down against me. We kiss warmly. Longingly. The old lovers tree supports us and I am sure that this is not the end of the evening, just the opening.