 This is a culmination of the erotic short stories and erotic poems I have written here. I ask you to be patient as the early stages of planning the event take place followed by the New Year's Eve party.

As I am a new writer, it is important to me to get your feedback, both positive and negative. Please vote so I know if I am on the right track and let me know if there is a story that you would like me to write about. I will surely give it a try.

I dedicate this story to Lisa, the love of my life and to my ex-wife Laura and the friends we have made along the journey: Catherine, Tom, Tony, John and all the rest. Thank you.

*****

Planning the Party

Halloween was now over and Thanksgiving was approaching. In no time at all, Christmas will be here followed by New Years Eve.

I was thinking of doing something special for New Years Eve. I wanted it to be memorable for Lisa, Laura and my friends.

I was watching tv one night and Animal House came on. It then hit me. Why not have a toga party for New Years Eve.

I immediately told Lisa my idea and she thought it was terrific.

Lisa, being my precious slut, suggested we make it a real Roman orgy. That did it for me. There was one thing though, we would not tell anyone it would be an orgy, just a toga party.

We would start planning the event immediately.

The first thing we needed was a secluded place. I called our friend Mike and told him what I had wanted to do. 

We discussed the idea and I told him I needed a big house with a pool and it had to be secluded. I also told him that I would have it catered and have a cleaning company take care of cleaning up after the party.

He said he would talk to his wife, Sherry and get back to me.

While Lisa and I were going over the plans, the phone rang. 

"Hello, John here." I said. "Hi," Sherry here. "Mike told me of your idea and I think it is great. If you need anything from us, let us know."

As I hung up, I yelled to Lisa, "Yes, Mikes's wife said we can use their place and if we need anything to let her know."

Now the fun was going to begin, planning everything.

Saturday morning came and Lisa and I had our usual fuck session, then hit the shower, then breakfast.

We both went over the guest list, keeping in mind the real theme of the party would be lots of sex.

The list started to take shape. We would invite Tom, Laura, Catherine, Tony and his wife. Of course, Mike and Sherry were a given.

I looked at Lisa and said, "You know, I am going to see if I can get Dom and Marilyn to come down. Laura would be really surprised."

So, we now had seven people, plus ourselves, making it nine and if Dom and Marilyn can make it, we would have eleven.

Lisa said she would start making the calls and I would work on the catering, cleaning company and getting the togas.

I told her I would contact Dom and Marilyn.

Lisa and I relaxed on Sunday and were going to go to the nudist resort. We asked Laura to join us but she said she would meet us there as she still had to shower and do some personal things.

Lisa and I went to the resort, got naked and hit the hot tub.

We were enjoying the hot tub when our friend Tom came by and joined us. Lisa got up and gave him,a big hug. I could see her nipples getting erect already. I said "hi" and we all relaxed with Lisa in between us.

We were in the hot tub for awhile and Tom asked Lisa if she would like to hit the trails. She looked at me and I nodded approval, knowing that Tom would fuck her on one of the trails.

A few people joined me in the hot tub. One snooty old woman asked if I was alone. I told her I wasn't alone and that my wife was on the trails with my friend and then I whispered to her, "I am sure she is going to get fucked on the trail." and then leaned back and closed my eyes, smiling.

After about an hour, Tom and Lisa arrived and they met me at pool. 

Lisa said that she mentioned the toga party and Tom said he would come.

We relaxed and enjoyed the sun. As I looked at Lisa, I could see signs that Tom, indeed fucked my wife. There was a trace of his cum on the inside of her thigh. I got Lisa's attention and pointed to the spot. She looked at me, brushed the cum away and smiled.

Laura finally arrived. I could see that she had really manicured her pussy. She was now smooth with a touch of hair over her slit. It looked so sexy and I told her so.

Laura pulled up a lounge chair and joined us.

I introduced Laura toTom and I could see Laura eyeing up Tom's big cock. Tom got up and hugged Laura, as his cock brushed up against her leg.

Lisa told Laura about the toga party and Laura said that is a great idea and she would be there.

Laura asked Tom if he was going to be there and he said he was and she smiled.

All four of us stayed at the pool for awhile, then Tom mentioned that his parents were out and if we wanted to go to the house for drinks and to cool off, everyone was welcomed.

I said that sounded good and off we went.

We arrived at the house and went in. Tom brought us some drinks and we relaxed outside under the awning, next to the hot tub.

As we relexed, Tom asked me about the party and who else was coming to the party. I told him that we will be having the party at Mike snd Sherry's house because it was very private there.

I told him that his mother and father will be there as well as will Catherine. In total, nine people so far would be there. He said it sounded like it will be a lot of fun.

Tom then asked Laura if she wanted to join him in the hot tub. Without hesitation she got up and went right in, with Tom,following.

Lisa and I just sipped our drinks and watched the two. 

Tom pulled Laura a little closer and put one arm around her neck. Laura turned toward him and gave him a kiss. Soon Laura was straddling Tom's cock and had her tits on Tom's chest.

Lisa and I knew what was going to happen next and we just watched.

Tom then stood up and took Laura out of the hot tub and laid her on the cushioned lounge chair with her trimmed pussy staring at him. He mounted her and she guided his big, hard cock into her cunt. 

A few thrusts from Tom and his cock was fully seated inside my exes cunt. 

Laura never even gave us a thought as Tom fucked her. She jus kept kissing him and feeling him up as he pumped his cock harder and faster. In a short time, he shot his load into her cunt as she was bucking and lifting her body off the lounge.

We gave them a round of applause as they rested, completely spent.

The two lovers composed themselves and returned to the table and we continued our discussion about the party.

Lisa and I told Tom we had to leave. Laura said she would stay a bit longer.

We thanked Tom and bid them well and left.

Lisa and I got home and I decided to call Dom and Marilyn. Dom answered and we exchanged greetings. Then I told him about the party and asked them to join us. I heard him yell out to Marilyn and ask her. Dom came back on the line and said that they would be able to come. I was elated and told him I would get back to them with all the details once I have everything set.

I told Lisa the good news and now the party was set.

The next day I contacted the caterers and got the menu all set.

I then called the cleaning company and made arrangements with them.

Lisa called a costume supply house and ordered the togas, short ones for the women and long ones for the men.

We discussed the togas and Lisa said she will make everyone know that everyone must be naked under their toga.

She also said that she will tell everyone that they are all there to have a good time and to enjoy themselves and that the theme of the party is a Roman Orgy.

Lisa and I went over how the party would go. We decided that her and I would be the first to have sex and that would give the guests to join in.

Now, everything was in the ready and we just had to wait.

New Year's Eve - The Party

Lisa and I arrived at the house early. We wanted to make sure everything was set.

Mike told us the caterers would be there shortly and that the cleaning crew was set to come by in the morning.

Lisa brought in all the togas and laid them out for the guests, one room for the men and one room for the women.

Mike said the everything was ready outside. The pool looked perfect. The chairs and lounges were all in place. The tables for the food were set and the lighting looked perfect.

As it was a very warm evening I knew the pool would get good use tonight.

The guests would start arriving soon as the party was starting at 8:00 pm. and it was now 7:00 pm.

The air was full of excitement and anticipation.

Lisa gave togas to Mike and Sherry with the instructions to be naked underneath. They went inside and put them on and they looked terrific.

Lisa and I followed and put ours on.

The four of us laughed and Lisa and I gave Mike and Sherry a quick peek what was underneath our togas.

Finally, Lisa explained to our hosts that this was going to be a Roman Orgy as well as a toga party and hoped they were going to be ok with it. Both 

Mike and Sherry smiled and said they thought something was fishy when I mentioned the party but that they were in and looking forward to it.

The guests started arriving. Tom and his parents arrived as did Catherine. Laura came a few minutes later. 

The hosts told the guests where to get their togas and the house rule was that everyone had to be nude underneath their toga.

The men and women went into their respective rooms and put on their togas.

When everyone was ready, the hosts led them to the patio and pool area. 

Drinks were being served, food was on the tables and all the chairs and cushions in place.

Lisa, Mike and Sherry went outside to join the guests while I waited for Dom and Marilyn.

As I was waiting, I heard a car pull up and Dom and Marilyn got out of the car and rang the bell. I let them in and we exchanged hugs and kisses. 

I ushered them into the rooms to get their togas and told them to be naked underneath.

They finally came out and I escorted them to the patio.

As soon as they reached the patio, I called out to Laura. When she turned, she saw her sexual mentors and ran over to them and hugged and kissed them.

Since non of the guests knew Dom and Marilyn, I introduced them to the group as the pair who got Laura from being a prude to being a whore.

Everybody clapped their hands in approval.

Everyone was talking and eating and drinking and having a great time.

Some of the guests were brazenly flipping their togas up so people could see their cocks or pussies, which everyone enjoyed the views.

I whispered to Lisa that it was time for the orgy to start.

Lisa and I were already in a spot where everyone could see us.

We started kissing and feeling each other up, not caring who saw us and hoping everyone was watching. Soon, I had Lisa's toga up and off of her and she was completely nude for all to see. I followed and removed my toga and my hard cock was quite visible for everyone to see. We continued playing with each other and then I laid her on her back on the lounge and mounted her, now knowing that everyone was watching us.

I placed my hard cock in front of her slit and gently eased it into her waiting cunt. I filled her cunt and started pumping her. It did not take long for me to cum. As I did shoot my cum into my wife, the guests applauded.

Lisa and I got off the lounge, my cum oozing out her cunt, and told all the guests that tonight was not just a toga party but a Roman Orgy and that everyone had to participate with anyone and everyone for the rest of the evening. Everyone cheered and the fun began.

Lisa and I just sat back and watched everyone.

It wasn't long before everyone had their togas off. Pussies, tits, cocks and balls were in abundance and ready for action. Nobody cared who was watching or what the others were doing.

I saw Laura get up and go to Dom and Marilyn. She kissed and hugged them both. Dom's cock was already hard and searching for Laura's cunt. He laid her down and as he mounted her, Marilyn was kissing Laura and playing with her tits. 

I could see Laura playing with Marilyn's big tits as Dom slid his cock into Laura. Dom started to fuck my ex and she was meeting him thrust for thrust with her hips gyrating and moving up and down as he rammed his cock into her.

It did not take long for him to cum. As he was ready to cum, he pulled out his cock and shot his load on Laura's and Marilyn's faces and mouths. Both women almost fighting to lap up all his cum.

Dom got off Laura and turned to me and said, "Laura turned out to be quite the whore, is this what you wanted?" I looked at him and said, "Dom, you have not seen anything yet. She has fucked my Lisa, has done a threesome and had her first gang bang. I want to thank you for everything."

As we were talking, we watched Laura and Marilyn fucking each other. They were grinding their pussies and playing with and sucking each others nipples until they came.

Over in the corner, I saw Tom and Catherine in the pool with his arms wrapped around her. Tony and his wife joined them and the three were playing with Catherine, each taking a turn with her.

Accross from us, I saw Mike and Sherry fucking each other as Lisa went over to them.

Apparently, she asked if she could join them. They must have said yes because Lisa got down with them with Mike in the middle. 

Mike had the women lay on their backs with their legs spread. He then mounted Lisa and fucked her then he would pull his cock out of Lisa and insert it into Sherry's cunt. He kept doing this a few times and finally pulled out his cock and shot his cum on both of them.

Soon I saw Catherine come out of the pool and head over towards me. 

When she got to me, she just knelt down and started to suck my cock. As she was sucking me off, Lisa approached us, cum all over her, and knelt down alongside Catherine. Each one taking a turn sucking my cock until I came. 

By this time, it looked like everyone got into the Roman Orgy spirit as cocks seemed to be filling up the women's holes nicely and the women accommodating them.

It was getting close to midnight now and I asked everyone to stop who they were fucking or sucking and having sex with to prepare for New Year's Eve.

Everyone slowed the pace down and things got quiet. 

Champagne was brought out, along with more food and everyone took a well needed rest.

Lisa asked everyone to be quiet as she wanted to say something.

All the guests got quiet and looked toward Lisa. 

Lisa then said to the guests, "First, thank you all for coming and I hope you are having a great time." She continued, "Tonight, we are going to ring out the old year and ring in the new and there is a special surprise for all of you. After we ring in the new year, all the women, except Laura, will lay on their backs, next to each other and each man will be able to go down the line and fuck each one."

Lisa continued, "Laura will be laying on the table and will be everybody's desert."

Midnight was moments away and everyone had their glass of champagne for the toast.

At midnight, the bells rang and everyone was kissing and hugging. The women got on their backs and each guy fucked them as the moved down the line.

Laura went to the table and laid down on it. Her glistening pussy visible to all.

I went over and placed a big strawberry in her cunt and pulled it out with her juices on it and smiled as I ate it. 

The rest of the guest did similar things with fruit or just ate her pussy and sucked on her engorged clit.

Not surprising, Laura told the guests that she would like each person to fuck her and cum on her.

My ex was a sight to see. She was covered in cum and women's juices by the time they were done.

I turned to Dom, who just finished cumming on his creation, looked at me and said, "Laura is the best whore I have ever seen."

The night continued well into the morning. 

Naked bodies were everywhere. Some women were completely covered in cum or had cum oozing from their cunts and asses.

The final scene of the night was Lisa and Laura on all fours, with their asses up.

I then told the men that they were to fuck the two beautiful ladies in their asses and shoot their loads in them.

Without question, each guy took his turn with the two cum sluts, fucking their asses and cumming in them.

The toga party finally ended in a heap of naked bodies on top of each other.

It was the most unforgettable night in our lives.