 My thanks to Lit member 'Drew' for reading this story and helping me to edit it. He generously gave me some great tips and there are some lines in there that he was able to re-work for me and they are so much better. Thank you kind sir.

Pete drove along the coast with the window down, the fresh salt air blowing in his face. He pulled his foot back off the pedal when he realized he was 10km over the speed limit. He was anxious to get to the beach house but not so anxious he was willing to kill himself. 

Thoughts of Tricia made his cock stiffen and he shifted uncomfortably in the leather seat. He'd not been able to believe his luck when she'd first made a move on him. Since getting together a month ago when she'd said 'no strings' before they fucked for the first time, they'd not been able to leave each other alone. 

He thought about what attracted him to her. Deep green eyes that darkened when she was cumming, long chestnut hair that brushed his thighs and belly while she was sucking his cock. She was tall with firm round breasts, her caramel colored nipples hardened to tight buds when he nibbled them. She was trim with a flat belly and full hips, long slim legs and a tan that went everywhere but her pussy and ass. Even her slender elegant feet were a sensation. Placing kisses on her instep, licking her ankles and kissing up the inside of her calves got him excited. There wasn't anything he didn't fancy.

At first it was just fuck dates. No dinners, no drinks, no conversation, just meeting somewhere, usually her place, clothes off and then fucking. Blissful, orgasmic, long sessions of fucking and surprisingly, spanking when she felt like it. But something had changed the last time few times they were together. He'd felt a shift in the silent moments between them, a comforting feeling and a willingness to be near each other for more than sex.

The side road he was to take came up on his right and he pulled into what appeared to be a dirt track amongst the trees. After driving for a bit he came to a clearing with a faded blue wood-clad cottage with white chipped windowsills. Long strands of seashells threaded onto twine hung from the tree branches, tinkling as they brushed against each other in the wind. Driftwood was heaped at the door and a doorknocker in the shape of an anchor, all very fitting, if not clichéd, for a house by the coast.

He got out of the car, his senses soothed by the smell and sounds of the ocean. He grabbed his bag from the back seat and hurried to the front door, knocking and opening it at the same time, giving Tricia no time to answer.

"Hey I'm here!"

He entered in through the kitchen and open plan living area. The room was simply furnished with white-washed floor boards, neutral colored sofas facing a wood-burning stove and some over-sized cushions piled in a heap on the floor. The floor to ceiling glass doors at the back of the house opened onto a long wooden terrace. Pete stopped, momentarily stunned by the view: white sand, turquoise ocean, protective sand dunes on either side and long tussock grasses waving in the breeze.

He dropped his bag and went outside, drawn by the sound of the waves rolling on the shore and the need to find Tricia. To his right was a large sun umbrella providing shade for two chaise lounge chairs, both empty but for two discarded beach towels. On the other side, two Adirondack chairs faced the ocean view. He could see a couple of women swimming in the rolling surf. He recognized the long dark hair of Tricia and waved until she signaled back. 

Both women ran from the water but Pete only had eyes for one. It'd been a week since he'd seen her, had masturbated several times but nothing was as good as seeing her in the flesh. As usual she was topless and wore just her bikini bottoms, which covered her pussy with a small triangle of cloth. She looked like a goddess coming up the beach towards him. Water streamed from her long chestnut hair, dripping down the curves and valleys of her amazing body. She'd spent some time sunbathing since he saw her last week and her all over tan was deeper and darker. Her delicious firm breasts were almost the same color as her nipples. Her round voluptuous hips rolled suggestively as she walked in the soft white sand. He was so engrossed in watching her he didn't even notice her companion.

"Well hey there you! You're early." 

Tricia pulled her wet body up against Pete's, her nipples, hardened by the cold water, pressed against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her cool brown body, kissing her salty lips.

"Mm, I couldn't wait to see you. I think I was speeding most of the way here."

Tricia smiled, pulled from his embrace and picked up a towel off the chaise.

"Pete this is our neighbor Bridget. Her place is just over the dunes. She's the local wildlife officer down here. Bridget, this is Pete."

Pete dragged his gaze from Tricia and raised his eyebrows in surprise. Something must be wrong with him to have not noticed her. Bridget was taller than Tricia and fuller in the bust, hips and thighs. Everything about her was round and soft but she wasn't fat, she was sexy. Tricia had hipbones jutting out over her flat belly. Bridget's hips bones were non-existent, just roundness that dipped into a hollow before swelling again over her lower belly. 

Her blonde curly hair was shoulder length, her eyes the color of dark chocolate and her tan seemed endless too. What is it with these girls and their gorgeous beautiful skin? He thought. Her white bikini was equally as small as Tricia's but she'd opted for the bikini top. It too, had tiny triangles that covered her rock-hard nipples and not much more, with the bulk of her full breasts bulging out from under the ties. The bottoms covered her pussy but Pete could make out her fleshy lips through the nearly see through fabric. His cock stirred with the sight of both sexy women in next to nothing. 

"Pete, nice to finally meet you. Tricia's talked about you all week."

Pete blushed, realising he'd been staring at her a little too long.

"Bridget, nice to meet you too. Ah, Tricia didn't mention you at all."

"Ha! That'd be right. I'm only good for wine and late night chats eh Tricia?"

Tricia grinned at her friend, her breast brushing up against Bridget's arm as she moved to stand next to Pete. 

"Sure thing babe. But what great late night chats, yeah?"

Bridget giggled and flashed a look at Pete before picking up her towel and drying herself.

"Girls? Something I should know?"

Tricia grinned. "No Pete, it's all good. C'mon lets get some drinks."

Tricia took his hand and led him to the kitchen. She pulled him into the walk-in pantry, out of view and pressed him against the shelves. Sliding her cool brown arms around his neck she tipped her mouth up to kiss him. 

"I missed you this week. Not just inside me, I actually missed you. It feels odd when you're not around."

She kissed him and his head spun with desire. His heart felt like it was beating out of his chest. He settled his hands on her waist, his fingers splayed around her back, his thumbs pressing in on either side of her belly button. He could feel her quivering under his touch. She kissed him softly, and then as she probed her tongue around his mouth, he slid his hands over her plump ass, grinding her against his cock. He squeezed her cheeks, pulling them apart, his long fingers snaked down toward her thighs spreading her ass cheeks even further until he could feel the outer lips of her pussy open. 

Tricia rubbed herself against him and groaned softly into his mouth. Pulling away, she bit his bottom lip suggestively.

"Mm baby, that feels good."

"Tricia? Get rid of Bridget." Pete growled as he nibbled on the crease between her shoulder and neck.

Tricia demurred, "Pete I can't. I asked her to stay. C'mon it won't be for long. We've got all weekend. There's no hurry. Once she's gone you can fuck me whenever and wherever you want!"

Pete licked the salt from her shoulder, looked her in the eye and saw the same passion he felt. He cupped her breasts and she inhaled sharply as he pinched her soft nipples lightly, rolling them in his fingers. He longed to hold them between his lips.

"As soon as she's gone, I want you on your back with your legs spread. You hear me?"

Tricia giggled. "Aye, Aye Captain! C'mon."

Tricia grabbed a couple of beers from the fridge.

"You coming?" She asked.

Pete grimaced and pointed at the front of his pants where his throbbing penis was straining to be sated. 

"Not 'til this goes down, no!"

Tricia bit her lip, grinning like a naughty schoolgirl.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Come out when you can."

As she left, Pete groaned and grabbed at his cock, squeezing it and trying to think of things that would lessen the excitement for him. His brother fucking Tricia before she dumped him and hooked up with Pete (ugh, that made him angry), his Mother and Father having sex (oh Jeez no...nearly there), paint drying (that helped). His cock semi-deflated, Pete grabbed a beer for himself and went outside. 

The women looked up at him as he pulled up the Adirondack chair and placed it between the two chaise lounges. 

"You right there, Pete?" asked Bridget with a knowing smile.

They were semi-reclining with their knees bent and their feet spread. Pete could see their full pussy lips between their legs, admittedly covered by the fabric of their bikini bottoms but his mind went straight to folds of sweet flesh, moist dark holes and the taste of pussy on his tongue. 

Bridget's large breasts rested against the swell of her belly, the bikini top straining against the gravity and weight of her fleshy tits. Her thighs were bigger than Tricia's but still firm and brown. He briefly imagined himself between them, holding the flesh in his hands, pounding her pussy until she climaxed. His now very confused cock, sprung to life again.

"Hmm? Oh yeah. All good thanks." He said, covering his crotch with the beer bottle.

Pete daydreamed and half listened to them talk about the book Tricia was writing and about Bridget's job. He gave the right responses at the right moments but was happy just to watch the two of them. He noticed they touched each other a lot. There was nothing weird about it but they'd reach across and touch an arm or shoulder. Bridget would occasionally glance at Tricia's bare breasts. Small crystals of salt water had dried on Tricia's skin and her soft nipples. Pete thought Bridget was unaware she was licking her lips. He couldn't be sure but he thought Tricia was sneaking glances at Bridget too. Hmm, he wondered, just what, if anything was going on?

After several more beers, Tricia got up. 

"Right then you two. I'm off for a shower. Bridget did you want to come over later and have some dinner with us?"

Bridget glanced at Pete and smirked at his hangdog look. 

"Ha! No thanks honey, your Pete looks like someone just stole his Christmas present."

Tricia smiled at Pete, put her hands on his knees and leaned forward, her breasts now tantalizingly close enough for him to flick with his fingers. 

"What's wrong baby?"

Pete shook his head. "Nothing, nothing at all." 

He couldn't resist. He took a nipple and tugged it between his finger and thumb, twisting and rolling it firmly. He knew hot sparks would be shooting into her pussy and she would be getting wet. Tricia gasped, her mouth open and inviting. He longed to slip his cock into her and have her tongue him until he came. She panted lightly as he played with her.

"Um...Bridget...maybe tomorrow? We should catch up again tomorrow?" said Tricia in a barely audible whisper.

Bridget laughed delightedly. "God, are you two going at it already? You're right Tricia, you are like two horny rabbits. I'll see you tomorrow."

Pete looked over Tricia's shoulder and winked at Bridget. 

"Thanks Bridget. See you later."

She really was a stunner and the complete opposite of Tricia's body shape. Pete realized it just goes to prove it doesn't matter your size or shape, sexy is just sexy. As she walked back through the cottage he admired her again. The round tanned cheeks of her big ass, her full thighs, trim waist and lovely strong back. 

He focused his attention back to Tricia, pulling sharply on her nipple, dragging her towards him, his mouth finding hers, his tongue thrusting into her savagely while he twisted her rock hard nipples until she cried out. 

"Pete! Fuck...oh...God...yes."

"How's that baby? You like that don't you? Mm, your nipples are so delicious, I just wanna get them in my mouth."

Tricia's eyes were closed, her knees were buckling and he guessed her pussy would be sweetly wet. She bent down so she was squatting between his legs, his fingers not letting up their assault on her tender flesh.

"Trisha? Remember what you said in the kitchen? Well that was an hour ago baby. Bridget's gone now, so get on your back." 

Tricia's eyes were glazed as he helped her to her feet. She lay back on the sun lounger and Pete peeled off her bikini pants, his gaze falling to her neatly trimmed bush. She'd shaved some more since he saw her last and there was now a triangle shape just like the pants he'd removed. He wondered, briefly, how she'd managed to do that. Then she pulled her knees back, spreading herself wide for him. All thoughts, not involving fucking her, left his blood-starved brain.

"Um, Pete do you think we should take this inside? Someone might be watching."

Pete looked around at the deserted coastline, the sand stretching to the outcrop of rocks at the end of the cliff. He couldn't see if anyone was in the dunes but then the thought they were watching was a turn on. Anyone seeing them would be in for a treat.

"Let them. You said I could fuck you whenever and wherever. I want to fuck your sweet tight pussy here and now."

Pete took off his shirt and jeans, his now stiff cock at attention and looking for relief. He knelt on the lounger in front of her relieved it was sturdy enough for the two of them. He spread his knees on either side of her ass and grabbed her ankles, pushing them back further. She grunted as her ass lifted higher off the lounger. He slid both hands under the small of her back to support her and licked her from her beautiful pink ass hole to the top of her cleft. Tricia was shaking and moaning, his tongue digging into her, slipping up and down her warm, fleshy dark folds. He buried his face into her, the soft trimmed hair on her mound smelled of salt and pussy and he shuddered as the aroma reminded his brain that this was the smell of pleasure. He teased her hole, dipping in and out, coaxing her sweetness into his mouth. 

If he had the will power he would've feasted on her for longer, bringing her to climax before fucking her. But his cock wasn't going to last. A week was too long to go without her. He sat up, kneeling before her, his thighs against her ass cheeks. He pressed the head of his cock at her entrance. 

"I've missed you."

He pushed himself into her. Tricia cried out at the intrusion of his hardness that stretched her inner lips and hole. Pete watched in awe as his length pierced her core. With every withdrawal, his cock was wetter, her juice spreading over her tight outer lips. It was always amazing.

"You pussy looks so good." Pete panted. 

Breathlessly Tricia replied, "Fuck me! I've waited all week for this. Please fuck me hard."

He needed no other encouragement. He pressed his hands onto her thighs and fucked her. He marveled at her full brown tits bouncing back and forth with the momentum, wishing he could bite and suck them. He watched her panting and moaning and it wasn't long before she was going to cum. He'd learned the signs; her skin would get flushed, her nipples would peak and she'd open her mouth to cry out. She'd screw her eyes shut and every muscle in her body would tense. 

"Pete, oh God...don't stop."

Pete felt her pussy close in around his length, felt it squeezing and clutching at him. The tight slippery cavern was too much for him and he felt his balls empty into his cock. He came, spurting warm cum deep into her pussy. He shuddered and gasped with every pulse of his cock, sweat running down the length of his back. 

He slid his juicy dick from inside her, reluctantly got off the lounger and stood next to her, watching as his cum and her juices slaked her lips, pooling under her. 

"Tricia, baby?" Pete squatted down beside the sun lounger, his long fingers stroking her quivering belly, tracing circles around her perfect nipples. 

Tricia smiled dreamily at him.

"It's only been a week but God I missed that." 

Pete grinned. "Me too baby. Me too."

She sat up and kissed him on the mouth. 

"I'm gonna have a quick shower."

He couldn't resist watching her beautiful ass cheeks. Not creamy white any more but nut-brown except for a small triangle of white across her ass crack, the product of her new bikini. As if she knew he'd be watching, she swayed her butt seductively as she walked away, her long hair, tousled from the sea salt and their lovemaking, brushing across the middle of her back. He glimpsed the wetness of them both at the top of her thighs. She didn't look back to gauge his reaction. She probably knew already his cock would be at half-mast again.

Pete fancied her from the day his brother introduced them, never dreaming for a minute he would get the opportunity to fuck her. Now both Tricia and Pete stood to get something out of being together. He got to sink his cock into the girl of his dreams and she was getting back at his brother for cheating on her. Well, that was the first time they fucked, after that she had insisted it was because it was good. And here they were a month later still fucking like crazy and he thought he might be falling in love with her. 

He gathered his discarded clothes and her bikini pants. It was really just string with a scrap of fabric in the middle. He followed the sound of the shower to the main bedroom. This too, looked out to the ocean, white sheer curtains billowing in the light sea breeze, similar doors opening out to the terrace. A massive bed was in the middle of the room; beyond that was the bathroom and Pete could see Tricia shampooing her hair in the shower.

He threw their things into the corner and went to join her. The wet room had been built purely for the purpose of bathing indulgence. There were large grey marble slabs lining the floor and walls, glass sheets from floor to ceiling giving light and magnificent views to the ocean beyond. There was a deep bath big enough for two, and a double sink against the wall.

He stepped into the shower room, behind Tricia, sliding his hands up and over her breasts. She gasped and jumped in surprise then settled back against him. 

"Hey lover! This is a surprise."

The jets of water splashed down upon them both. The water was warm and soothing. He pulled her wet hair to the side and kissed her watery neck, his hands massaging her breasts and rubbing her nipples to a peak, while the liquid snaked around them both.

"You looked too good baby. I just can't get enough of you."

Tricia rubbed her ass against his cock, urging him to hardness again. He groaned biting her ear lobe, nibbling her neck and sliding his hands down her belly to her pussy. His fingers tugged at her trimmed pubic hair, rubbed against her clit and parted her thighs so his cock could slip between them.

He groaned, "God, you're a witch you know that?"

Tricia reached behind him to hold onto his ass, pulling him into her. 

"You feel so good."

"It's you. You're so fucking hot. I can't get enough of you."

Pete spun her around. He lathered the soap in his hands and started at her shoulders, smoothing and rubbing his slippery hands all over her. He stroked under her arms, her breasts, down her belly and between her legs. He could feel the slimy texture of their combined cum still seeping from inside her. She quivered and shook as he moved his hands effortlessly over her. He reached behind her and slid his fingers up and down the crack of her ass, pausing to press against her ass hole, his firm hot cock slipping between her soapy thighs.
