 It was my first time meeting his parents. We were flying to Texas to spend a week with them on their ranch. 

Even though they were aware we practically lived together, they wanted us in separate rooms. 

I was left with his Mom while he went to get our luggage from the car. 

She brought me to my room, where I would be staying. "I hope my son explained about the separate rooms. I know y'all are doing whatever in your house but here were good Christians. No sinnin' in this house." 

"No, of course not Ma'am. I respect that." I said as my face turned 50 shades of red. 

"Alright then. I'll leave you to get settled. Come on out back when you're done and we'll have some ice tea." She turned and walked down the stairs. 

"Well I guess it's no sex for us" I said as he brought my bags into my assigned room. 

He smirked at me. "You're kiddin' right?" 

I stood with my hands on my hips. "Ummmm, no! There will be no sinnin' in your Mama's house. 

How do you expect us to have sex anyway if we can't be alone together?" 

He laughed at me. 

"Babe. I'm a grown man. If I want to fuck my woman. I'm gonna fuck my woman! Simple as that."

'Now watch out, you might never know when I'm coming for you.' 

He winked at me and walked over to his room.

We had been together for a little over a year now. The sexual chemistry between us was always intense. 

I wanted him to fuck me the first time we met. Sitting at dinner I was imagining what his cock would feel like inside me. 

There was the usual "get to know you" chatter. It was a good first date as far as first dates go. The conversation flowed and he was charming and funny. 

After dinner we went to a jazz club. I have to admit I'm not a fan of jazz but this place was nice. There were suede sofas, soft lighting, candles and private tables. It was romantic. 

He introduced me to "The best whiskey in all of Ireland." A first for me but it was smooth and sweet and I loved how it made my belly all warm. 

There was more conversation and laughter. 

The whiskey is strong and I'm starting to feel warm all over. 

"Would you like another?" He asked. 

"Mmmmm, yes please," I said, sipping the last of my drink. 'This is really good."

Another glass of whiskey and I'm thinking; this was a bad idea. 

Whiskey and I haven't had sex in over 2 months. 'Here comes my inner slut stepping out of the closet.'

I couldn't stop staring at him. 

We talked about work. 

He was a contractor and was working on a big project downtown. 

I told him about my job as a therapist. Half listening and half daydreaming about his body. 

I could imagine him on top of me. The anticipation building as he kisses me, as his cock brushes against me. 

When he lowers his body onto mine. 

I feel like the world stops.

I look up at him. 

My legs instinctively part. 

I'm waiting for those glorious moments when he first enters me. 

The beautiful sensations of being stretched to accommodate him.

When he's fully inside me and our bodies are melting into one another. 

There's no other feeling like it. 

It's just pure bliss. 

I pull him into me. 

His hard chest pressing against mine. 

I run my hands over his biceps and across his broad shoulders.

...

"What beach are you headed to?" He said pulling me out of my reverie. 

"I'm sorry, what? I tried to play it off like I didn't hear what he had said. 

"I just asked what beach you planned to visit this weekend."

"Oh, umm, yeah. I was planning on it." I was still in a cloud. 

"Right. Do you know which one?" he asked grinning at me.

I'm lost again. 

God, I would love to swim naked with him. 

'Mmmm,' seeing him shirtless on the beach. 

I pinched myself under the table. Jesus, what is wrong with me? I asked myself. 

Snap out of it. I'm here with this handsome guy, who seems pretty normal and he's trying to get to know me and all I can think about is having sex with him. 

Deep breath...Ok, focus. 

Ooh, but he smells so good. 

Screw this and I scooted closer to him. 

Alright enough small talk. 

I reached over and grabbed his hand and placed it on my thigh. 

He looked at me surprised. 

I gave him my shy, innocent smile 

and whispered in his ear. "Kiss me." 

His kiss was soft and sensual and as he kissed me his hand moved higher up my thigh. 

My pussy was throbbing. 

I sucked his lips gently. 

Tasting them. 

Teasing them. 

Kissing them. 

He put his hand on the back of my head and held me while he kissed me back. 

"You are so sexy!" He said and gave my lips another soft kiss. 

I wanted him...

I wanted to taste him...

I wanted to run my hands over his naked body...

Nibble on his ears...

I wanted to kiss every hot, sexy inch of him..

I wanted to grab his ass and feel his cock buried deep inside me...

He pulled away.

Now it was my turn to look surprised. 

He looked around the room, at the other couples sitting at tables and the wait staff serving drinks and taking orders.

He looked at me. 

I could see the lust in his eyes. I knew he wanted me as much as I wanted him. 

"I don't know if I can control myself," he said. 'You've got me so turned on right now.'

I reached under the table and put my hand on his bulge. 

It was so hard. 

I rubbed my hand over it and gently squeezed it. 

I could feel the heat from inside his pants. 

He looked around again and then back at me with wide eyes. He chuckled a little "what are you doing?" 

I smiled at him and licked my lips. I'm trying to seduce you." 

"Well you're certainly doing a good job...but here?" 

"Why not?" 

I unzipped his pants and put my hand into his boxers. 

His cock was so hot in my hand and he was long and thick. 

Oh my God, I thought. What I wouldn't give to have that in me right now.

I rubbed his cock and took it out of his pants. I started stroking him. 

He squirmed a little in his seat but then he rested his head back on the sofa and closed his eyes. 

"Ahhhmmmm. That feels really, good." 

I leaned over and whispered in his ear. "I'm not wearing any panties." 

He took a deep breath and he looked at me surprised. 

He gave me a sly smile and slowly moved his hand up my thigh to my bare pussy. 

He cupped my pussy and bit his lip. "Whoo!" He said. There was a spark in his eyes. 'You are so naughty.'

I bit his ear lightly and whispered, "put your finger in me and feel how wet I am for you." 

I sucked his ear and neck as he slipped his fingers in me and started moving them around. "It's so tight and wet," he said licking his lips. 

His eyes were filled with lust. "Wow. You've got me going crazy over here." 

He continued to work his fingers in me. 

"Let me taste it." I whispered and offered him my lips. 

He ran his fingers over my lips coating them with my wetness.

"Do you want a taste?" I asked. 

He leaned into me. Slowly he licked my lips tasting my juice. 

"So sweet." He said. 'I want more.' 

He stuck his fingers in me again and wet them. 

This time he didn't share he stuck his fingers in his mouth and licked them clean. 

"Your pussy tastes so good." He said. 

He put his hand back under the table. He traced his finger around my clit and over my pussy lips. 

Teasing me. Making me squirm in my seat. 

I think I was holding my breath. 

My toes were curling and all the muscles in my abdomen and pelvis tightened. 

The throbbing in my pussy was almost more than I could bare. 

I had never wanted anyone as much as I wanted him right now. 

I tried to maintain my composure as the waiter came over and asked us if we wanted another round. 

He glanced over quickly at the waiter and said "yes, please." 

When he finally touched my clit it was like a bolt of lightning running through me. 

I shivered in my seat and exhaled. I thought I would cum right there. 

The sensation of being teased and then touched was intense.

He had my body in a constant state of arousal. Teasing my clit and moving his fingers inside of me. 

I couldn't slow my breathing. I had to bite my lip to contain my moans. 

If he wanted to fuck me right there with everyone watching I would have let him. 

The drinks came. 

He did up his pants.

He grabbed his glass and handed me mine. "Drink," he said. 

We gulped down our whiskey. 

He threw some money on the table and grabbed my hand. 

"Let's get out of here." 

"Wait." I stopped. 'I really, need to use the ladies room.' 

"Alright but hurry back" he said. 

I found the ladies room and it was empty. 

I was in the stall when the door opened. 

I heard someone else come in. 

I heard the door lock. 

"I couldn't wait any longer" he said. 'Get out here.' 

I was kind of shocked that he would come into the women's bathroom. 

I came out of the stall and I gave him a look of disbelief. "What are you doing in here? You're crazy."

"Crazy with lust for you. Now come here." 

I walked over to him. 

The look in his eyes was pure desire. 

He smirked at me. "You started this" he said and grabbed me by the waist pulling me into him. 

He was so hard. 

He was grinding into me and kissing me with total abandon. 

The need to fuck controlled him now and he was wild. 

He grabbed my ass and he lifted my dress up.

He was kissing me roughly, biting my lip and sucking my tongue. He fucked me with his fingers hard and fast. 

"I want you so fucking bad right now." He held me tighter. 

He pushed me up against the wall.

Our lips never parting. 

He fumbled with his pants and freed his cock. 

It was already dripping. 

He lifted my legs and wrapped them around his waist.

He shoved his dick into me.

"Ahhhhh, ohhh, God, that feels so good." I grabbed his neck and started sucking on his ear lobe. 

He filled every inch of my pussy.

He was making these grunting sounds as he moved in and out of me. 

His head was buried in my chest and he was sucking my nipples. 

"Oh fuck."

'Your cock is so big.'

'It feels so good inside me.'

He pulled me over to the sink and pushed me against it. He yanked my dress over my head and cupped my tits while he slammed his dick deeper and deeper into me. 

"Oh my God." I moaned. 'You're gonna make me cum.' 

My pussy is gripping his cock and he's slamming into me the sound of his balls slapping against me. 

He's grabs a handful of my hair. He's grunting and moaning, it sounds like pain mixed with pleasure. 

My moans got louder as he pounded me.

Oh God, I was going to cum. 

He put his hand over my mouth to muffle my sounds and I came all over his cock. 

"Oooohhh" he moaned. "Your pussy is so fucking tight baby. It's like a fucking vice grip wrapped around my dick." 

He took it out and thrust it back in. 'That's it baby cum all over my cock.'

He grabbed my shoulders and moved his dick in and out of me. Harder and faster.

His body shuttered as his cock exploded, shooting all of his hot cum up in to me. 

He rested his chest on my back. We held onto each other and caught our breath. He moved my hair out of my face and kissed me tenderly on the lips. 

He whispered into my ear "this is the best first date I've ever been on." We left the club and went back to his place and here we are almost a year later and I'm meeting his parents. 

Ok. No more stalling. Time to go visit and I joined everyone in the back yard. 

Some of his cousins came over the house for dinner entertained us with stories about their childhood escapades growing up together. 

When dinner was over I offered to clean up. 

I needed to score some brownie points with his Mom considering I was "sinning with her son and what not."

I was putting leftovers away when he came up behind me. 

He grabbed my waist and pulled me against him. He started kissing the back of my neck.

I moaned softly as I leaned back into him. 

He turned me around and kissed my forehead. He smiled at me. "I feel like we haven't had a moment alone all day" he said. 

"I know. That's because we haven't." I said. 

He pushed his body up against me and I could feel him getting hard. 

We heard his mother coming down the hall. 

"Sleep naked tonight" he whispered and walked out of the room saying hello to her as she entered. 

After cleanup I started to feel jet lagged so I decided to say goodnight and put myself to bed. 

When I got to my room and started to change out of my clothes I realized just how tired I actually was. I stripped down. Turned off the light and climbed into bed.

I shut my eyes for what I thought was just a second. 

I woke to his touch. 

I was laying on my stomach and he was straddling me. 

His hands were all over me.

Softly he kissed my back, neck

and shoulders. 

He ran his fingers down the sides of my body sending chills through me. 

I was so turned on. 

He continued to run his hands over my body. He massaged my thighs, so close to my pussy but never touching it. 

He ran his fingertips lightly up my back making me squirm under him. 

Then his hands were between my legs again and he was gently rubbing my pussy. 

He teased me with his touch. Gently circling his finger around my clit. He was making me so wet. 

His cock was so hard. He held it tightly between my ass and slowly stroked it. 

He rubbed his cock up and down my pussy. 

Teasing me. 

God, I was so wet. 

I tried moving my hips to meet him but he wouldn't give me any. 

He kept teasing me. 

After what felt like an eternity he parted my legs. His cock slipped so easily into my soaking wet cunt.

Silently he fucked me. 

Still teasing. 

Taking it out and only giving me an inch back.

Stroking my clit with the head. 

Then he grabbed my shoulders and slammed his dick all the way into my pussy. 

I wasn't expecting it and a soft cry escaped my lips. 

He put his hand over my mouth as he rammed his big cock into me. 

Over and over. 

Over and over. 

He didn't take long. 

I felt his body tremble and his cock pulsing inside me. I felt his hot cum shoot up into me. 

His body jerked a few times as his orgasm subsided. he didn't make a sound. 

And just like that he was gone. 

And I was left aching and wanting more. 

The next day was more of the same. His family visited and went site seeing. 

When we got back to the house

I went to change my clothes for dinner. 

There was an envelope on my pillow. The note inside read:

If I want to fuck my woman I am going to! 

Meet in the barn at 2am. No bra. No panties." 

I held the note and thought about last night. Him using my body for sex and leaving me hungry for more. 

Dinner and bedtime couldn't come soon enough. I layed in bed anxiously waiting for 2am. 

I put on some sweat pants and a t-shirt and snuck out of the room feeling like a teenager waiting to be caught. 

He was in the barn waiting. 

He was standing behind what looked like some stacks of hay covered with a blanket. He was naked and he was holding rope in his hand. 

"Take off your clothes." He demanded. 

I looked at him with uncertainty. I mean we had dabbled at some BDSM stuff but never anything more than that. 

I know I sounded nervous when I asked him if he was serious.

"I didn't tell you to talk. I told you to take off your clothes. That was not a suggestion."

I hesitated. My heart beating fast. 

"Don't make me ask again." 

I lifted my sweatshirt over my head, pulled my pants down and stepped out of them. As he had said I was not wearing anything underneath. 

He motioned me over to him. "That's better. Now come here." 

I walked over slowly. 

I was definitely nervous now. 

He was holding the rope in his hand and he had this look on his face like he was a wild animal and I was his prey. 

"Stand in front of me." 

I did as he said. 

"I want to look at your body. Turn around for me." 

He smacked my ass. Hard. 

"Ow." I said rubbing my ass. 'That hurt.' 

"It was meant to hurt. Maybe next time you won't hesitate when I tell you to do something." 

He pulled me into him and kissed me roughly on the mouth. 

Biting my lip. 

My neck. 

He squeezed my tits and sucked my nipples. Hard! 

Pinching them and rolling them between his fingers. 

Soft cries of pain escaped my lips as feelings of pleasure ran through me. 

My body quivered. 

He kept squeezing and sucking until my nipples were sore and tender to his touch. 

More pinching and rolling them between his fingers, stretching them. 

I'm trying to breathe through the pain. 

My body stiffens. 

And then it changes; to soft, soothing kisses and him taking my nipple into his mouth and licking it ever so gently. 

I hold his head to my breast and look down at him. 

"Mmmmmm." I close my eyes. 

The feel of his wet tongue on my tender skin, makes my body ache with desire. 

Pain turning to pleasure. 

My breathing returning to normal. 

It doesn't last. 

He pulls away from me and he grabs my pussy. I was so wet and his fingers slide right in. 

He pushed his fingers into me hard and fast. 

I felt like a bit of a rag doll. He was moving my whole body on his hand. 

The feeling was intense. He had handled me roughly before but this was different I could sense it. 

"You like that baby?" He asked through gritted teeth? 

"Oooooohhhh. Yes. Sir." I moaned. 

He smacked my ass. 

I jumped. 

He smacked it harder. 

He looked at me admiring his efforts then he ran his hands softly over my ass caressing me where had left his handprint. 

My body relaxed. I let out a sigh of relief. 

Then his fingers were back inside me and he was using them to fuck my pussy. 

"Ahhhh, there's my dirty girl all wet for me" he said as he moved his fingers in me. 

He gave me the softest kiss on my lips. 

My heart skipped a beat. 

"I want you to kneel down and lay across the haystack."

I looked at him like he was crazy. 

He looked at me like a parent scolding their child. "Do what I said."

It was something in the tone of his voice that told me I should listen to him. 

Slowly I bent down and laid my body across the haystack. 

He positioned me how he wanted; spreading my legs far apart, moving my bottom so that it was hanging off of the haystack. 

My pussy was throbbing. 

My breathing quickening again. My heart beating faster. 

When he grabbed my ankle and began to tie the rope around me I fought him. 

Maybe it was instinct. 

I started kicking my legs at him. 

It was futile. He kneeled down and held my feet. "Let's make this easy. All you need to do is cooperate with me." 

I kept kicking. 

"Ok," he said grabbing my feet. 'I guess you want to make this hard on yourself." 

He used his body to pin my leg against the haystack while he went to work tying the other to a steel ring in the floor.

Rings that they used to tie horses to years ago. 

My bottom and top were hanging off the edges of the hay stack. 

At this angle he could use whatever part of me he wanted allowing him full access to all my holes. 

He checked his knots. When he was satisfied my legs were secure he did my arms. 

I was stretched out. 

Wide open. 

I had never been so completely powerless. 

I wasn't sure how I should be feeling but I liked him being in control of me. 

Something about submitting to him just felt right, but was that wrong? 

I was breathing fast. 

I was afraid, not of him but of what he might do to me, what he wanted to do to me. 

I watched him as he walked over to the wall where several ridding crops were hanging up. 

He chose the one he wanted. He ran the length of it through his hand. He turned the crop over examining the leather. He smacked it off his hand a few times, testing it out. 
