 "Wade we need more shots!" my friend Laurel slurred to our long time friend/ bartender. 

"You don't need anymore Laurel," I rolled my eyes. 

"Hush you, you need to get on my level so you forget about he who must not be named," she said waving me off. 

I shook my head and laughed trying to shake off the twinge of pain I felt thinking about Ethan. It had been only a week since I'd caught him balls deep in some drunk freshman at his frats annual start of the year party. We had been together for a year and a half and needless to say I was a little wounded after witnessing that horror show. 

"She really doesn't know how to tread delicately huh?" Wade sighed sliding me a rum and coke. 

"It is not her forte no," I smiled thankfully taking a sip. 

"There she is!" A familiar and unwelcome voice yelled over the loud bass filled music flooding the bar. 

"Leave me alone Hunter," I sighed glaring at him. I wasn't really mad at Hunter.. he hadn't done anything wrong, but he shared the same gene pool with the jack ass that had just broken my heart. They had the same dark wavy hair I loved to run my fingers through, the same golden tanned skin, angular jaw, and dimpled smile. The only difference between the two boys was their eyes. Ethan's were a golden honey color while Hunter's were a striking hunter green.

"Come on Lux you can't be mad at me," he pouted. His friends Evan and Cody laughed shaking their heads at his antics. 

"I'm not mad at you," I frowned. I turned away from his gaze and took a long sip of my drink trying to compose myself. 

"I know babe," Hunter sighed pulling me into his arms. I was completely enveloped by his large muscular frame and I sighed contentedly at the comforting feeling it gave me.

I was a mere five feet so when his six foot three self hugged me my head just barely rested on his chest. It was comforting hearing his steady heart beat as he held me. 

"Alright as much as we love eye candy Lux and I are having a no boys allowed night so move along Hunter," Laurel said completely ruining the moment. 

"Laurel do not pretend like you even meant a word of that," I laughed calling her on her bull shit. 

"Yeah no shit, you were the one that texted me you guys were here," Hunter said keeping one arm firmly around my waist. 

Laurel shot me a guilty look and I couldn't help but laugh... she was the worst best friend. 

"You totally suck at keeping shit on the DL," she huffed. 

"Oh quit pouting and go dance with Cody, we both know that's why you dragged Hunter's ass here," I teased. 

Cody grinned and Laurel smiled sheepishly, poor Evan just rolled his eyes. Cody carted a drunken Laurel to the dance floor and Evan wordlessly followed probably to find his own dance partner. Which left Hunter and I alone...

"I know you don't want to hear it, but he really does feel bad," Hunter said taking Laurel's vacant seat next to me. 

"You're right I don't want to hear it." 

"Lux give him a break, he was black out drunk." 

I laughed loudly almost manically, " I have been black out drunk many times and I managed not to cheat." 

"Fine he's an ass hole," Hunter conceded. 

"Yes he is," I grinned. 

"He begged me to try and talk to you... I wouldn't be a good big brother if I didn't try," Hunter shrugged. 

"Well you tried and failed now let's move on." 

"You look good tonight... very different from the normal Lux, but good," he said eyeing my outfit or lack there of. 

I had worn a sexy black sleeveless zipper crop top that showed off ample cleavage and a form fitting mini skirt that made my ass look amazing. It was one of many outfits Laurel and I had purchased today during my retail therapy. 

"Yeah it's new from the My Cheating Ex Can Go To Hell collection," I snarked. 

"Oh is it from the He's a Fucking Idiot For Letting Such a Goddess Get Away brand?" Hunter grinned.

"Yeah I think it might be," I giggled. 

"Seriously though, you look sexy as hell Lux," Hunter said leaning in a little bit closer than usual. 

"If I didn't know any better I'd say you were hitting on me," I teased. 

"Well then you don't know any better." 

"Oh really?" I smirked. 

"Really," he nodded giving me a flirty little smile. 

"I am so not drunk enough to deal with you right now," I giggled downing the rest of my drink. 

"Well let's fix that then," he said ordering six shots. Wade shot me a curious glance, but I waved it off. 

By about shot five I was grinding on the dance floor with Hunter while Laurel and Cody and Evan and some girl danced with us. 

Hunter's hands roamed my body as we moved against each other, I stifled a moan when his hand grazed my breast. There was definitely some sexual tension between us in our drunken state and I loved it. 

Hunter buried his face in my neck, "I want you Lux," he growled in my ear. 

It was simultaneously the most sexy and confusing thing he had ever said to me. 

If I had been a fraction less drunk I would've responded with my head instead of what was between my legs. 

"Then take me," I moaned in his ear. 

That was all it took and the next thing I knew we were in the back of a cab, Hunter's hand half way up my shirt and his tongue down my throat. 

We barely made it in his front door before he had my top unzipped and my skirt pulled down. I fumbled with his belt as he pulled his t-shirt over his head while we shuffled toward his bedroom. We left a trail of clothes in our wake and I moaned as my naked flesh met his. 

Hunter tossed me back on his bed and crawled over me kissing up and down my body as he did so. I hooked my leg around his hip rolling us so that I was on top and he was firmly between my thighs. 

I could feel the tip of his rock hard cock at my entrance and when he kissed me hard and deep he thrust inside me. 

"Oh yes," I moaned against his lips. I rolled my hips thrusting down riding him as we panted and moaned together. He was much larger than I had become accustomed to and I relished the full feeling he gave me. 

I ran my fingers through his hair as his hands massaged my breasts. 

"Harder," I whimpered. 

Hunter didn't have to be told twice as his hips slammed against mine and we thrust harder and faster together. He gripped my hips hard and I raked my fingernails down his chest as he pounded inside me. 

I was nearing my orgasm when Hunter flipped us so I was on my back as he fucked me. He spreads my thighs as far they could go and I cried out as his cock penetrated me hard and deep. 

"Play with your nipples," he murmured as he began to rub my clit while thrusting in and out of me. 

My tits bounced as he fucked me and I happily did as he ordered. I gently rubbed my nipples in slow circles in the same rhythm Hunter rubbed my clit. 

"I'm going to cum," Hunter moaned beneath me. 

"Fuck keep going," I pleaded as I neared my orgasm. 

Hunter thrust deep inside me as he came, the sensation of his hot cum inside me sent me over the edge. 

"Hunter!" I cried out as I came. He continued to thrust inside me as I spasmed in ecstasy. 

******************************

When I awoke the next morning I woke in a panic not recognizing where I was. 

The memories from the night before hit me all at once and I stared in horror at Hunter's sleeping.. still naked form. I was wrapped in his arms, my naked body pressed against him. 

"Hunter," I said shaking his shoulder. 

"Mmmm," he groaned pulling me tighter against him. I could feel him harden against my thigh and I tried to ignore the butterflies in my stomach. 

"Hunter," I said a little louder. 

"What?" he groaned sleepily. I knew the exact moment he remembered what happened because his eyes sprung open and he stared at me in shock. 

"Fuck," he cursed releasing his hold on me. 

"Yeah we did," I laughed awkwardly sitting up and wrapping his sheet around me. 

"So not the time to crack jokes," Hunter laughed loudly. 

"What the hell else am I supposed to do?" I said laughing with him. 

"Well firstly you need to put some clothes on because you naked in my bed is totally not helping the situation right now," he said giving me a lustful look. 

I blushed and tried to ignore the tingling sensation that went through my body at his words. 

"Close your eyes," I ordered as I clumsily stood holding the sheet to myself. I grabbed the first t-shirt I saw and pulled it over my head dropping the sheet as I did so. 

"Okay you're good." 

"I know... I didn't really close my eyes," Hunter snickered as he climbed out of bed. I gawked at him as he pulled on a pair of basketball shorts. 

"Hunter!" I yelped. 

"Lux cut it out, we had sex big deal," he rolled his eyes. 

"How can you be so nonchalant about this?" I gaped. 

"We were drunk... shit happens," he shrugged. 

I thought about that for a moment... that was after all Ethan's entire defense for what he had done.

"True," I sighed relaxing. 

"To be fair I would not be opposed to it happening again sans liquor," he winked. 

"I seriously want to slap you," I rolled my eyes trying to contain a laugh as he moved closer to me. 

"No you don't Lux," he said confidently. 

"Would you stop," I huffed. 

"Stop what?" he asked innocently. He placed his hand on my hip, rubbing circles on my hip bone. 

"I need a shower." 

"Is that a statement or an invitation?" he smirked down at me. 

"I don't know," I said honestly after a moment of hesitation. 

"How about this breakfast first... then shower?" he suggested. 

"Okay," I nodded. 

"Okay," he murmured leaning down. 

He used the hand on my hip to pull me against him as he kissed me long and hard. His tongue massaged mine and I was breathless and extremely hot by the time he released me. 

He smirked at me before walking around me and out the door. I followed him dazedly to the kitchen , blushing when I noticed my trail of clothing.

"Cereal okay?" Hunter grinned at me. 

"Yeah," I gulped. 

He was acting so cool about this and I was still slightly freaked out. I mean he was my ex boyfriend's brother... that was completely wrong right? 

"If you don't stop acting weird I'm going to come over there and kiss you again," Hunter teasingly threatened. 

"Is that a threat or a promise?" I said back before I could think better of it. 

"There she is," he grinned, "you're weird when you aren't being flirty."

"I am not flirty!" 

"Lies you have been flirting with me since day one!" he teasingly accused. 

In all honesty I had always thought Hunter was hot, but I had been dating his brother so I did my best to keep things platonic... until now. 

"Shut up Hunter," I giggled. 

"Make me," he waggled his eyebrows. 

"Why don't you shut up and make me some damn cereal already," I flirted. 

"I'm on it woman," he chuckled pulling out a box of lucky charms. 

"And by the way I give you mind blowing sex and all I get is cereal the next morning?" I said pretending to be offended. 

"Oh honey I can give you something better to eat if you want?" he said suggestively. 

"Alright I'm leaving," I threatened with a laugh. 

"Dressed like that? I think not," Hunter chuckled gesturing to my half dressed state. Wearing last nights slightly slutty outfit would be bad form to walk home in. 

"Come eat weirdo," Hunter said setting a bowl of cereal and a glass of orange juice at the table for me. 

"Don't order me around," I said sticking out my tongue and taking a seat. 

"I seem to remember you not complaining about it last night," he smirked bending over to give me another toe curling kiss. 

"Shut the fuck up," I laughed hitting his thigh as he sat next to me. 

"Little more to the left babe," he winked. 

"Tempting, but I think I'll pass," I rolled my eyes. 

"Yeah say it again maybe I'll believe you." 

"You really think you're hot shit huh?" I said taking a bite of cereal. 

"Oh yeah definitely," he nodded cockily.

"You do realize your brother is going to lose his shit when he finds out right?" I prodded. 

"He can piss and moan all he wants doesn't change what he did or what we did," Hunter shrugged.

He was totally right, but I wasn't about to admit that. 

We spent the rest of the morning flirting and occasionally kissing and then around noon Hunter drove me home. 

"You're coming to the party tonight right?" he asked as I hopped out of his jeep. 

"It's at the Sig house so probably not," I frowned. I did not want to face Ethan so soon after everything had happened. 

"Come on Lux, it'll be fun I promise," Hunter pouted. 

"I'll think about it and let you know," I conceded. I leaned back in the car to kiss him one last time before closing the door. I wasn't sure what was going on between us, but I definitely liked kissing him. 

As soon as I was safely in my house I stripped off last night's skirt and the shirt Hunter had let me since he had completely torn mine. We had never gotten around to the shower I had been promised so I was in desperate need of one. 

I practically moaned when I felt the steaming hot water hit my skin and I couldn't help but giggle imagining Hunter in there with me. 

The chemistry we had together was insane and I wasn't sure how to feel or what to do about it. I mean it was Hunter... Hunter my ex's brother, Hunter the guy who had been one of my closest friends, Hunter who I stayed up late and talked with while we took care of a sloppy drunk Ethan... Hunter who was also a notorious man slut. Was I just another one night stand? Or was there something more... I wasn't sure. 

"Lux you dirty little slut get out here and tell me everything!" Laurel yelled through the bathroom door breaking my train of thought. 

"Dude fuck off!" I yelled back. 

"I'm coming in biatch," she said opening the door like the rude person she was. 

"I swear I have no privacy," I grumbled as she hopped up on the sink counter. 

"Oh my word the curtain is covering your slutty ass now dish... what happened last night?" she prodded. 

"I don't know what you're talking about," I lied. 

"Bull shit, I saw Hunter anyou trying to swallow each other's faces," she snickered. 

"Then you already know what happened now will you leave it alone," I sighed. 

"Holy fuck Ethan is going to shit himself when he finds out you guys hooked up," she cackled. 

"It was a one time thing it's not that big of deal," I rolled my eyes as I conditioned my hair. 

"If it had been with any other guy in the world it wouldn't have been a big deal... but you went for the brother dude, that's some bad ass bitch moves right there," she said with pride. 

"It's not like I planned it... it just happened." 

"Is he good in bed? He looks like he'd be good in bed," she questioned. 

"How does someone look like they would be good in bed you weirdo!" I laughed. 

"I don't know some people just have that look," she laughed with me. 

"You're ridiculous, now toss me a towel," I said shutting off the water. 

She did and I wrapped it around myself before stepping out of the tub. 

"So are you going to see him again?" she asked checking her makeup in the slightly fogged up mirror. 

"He invited me to the Sigma party tonight," I frowned leaning against the wall. 

"We have to go!" she squealed. 

"You just want to witness the train wreck that is my life," I accused. 

"Obviously, but I also know that he's always had a thing for you even though you were his brothers girl," Laurel admitted a little guiltily. 

"What?" I blanched, "Hunter has not had a thing for me." 

"Well maybe not a thing, but I know he has definitely been wanting what happened last night to happen for a while." 

"Oh yeah right," I rolled my eyes. 

"Sweet heart have you got a good look at yourself? The majority of Ethan's frat brothers wanted you, his real brother was no different," Laurel said rolling her eyes right back. 

I glanced at myself in the mirror and frowned. 

I had long waist length caramel blonde hair, high cheekbones, full pink lips, flawless lightly tanned skin, a cute ski slope nose, and pale blue eyes with flecks of gold. I knew I was pretty, but I definitely wasn't the temptress Laurel made me sound like. 

"Well whatever, I still don't think we should go tonight," I said finally after a long pause. 

"We're going or I will text Hunter and have him drag your ass there," she threatened. 

"Fine," I huffed. 

"Now tell me... which brother is better in bed?" she asked waggling her brows. 

I laughed and shook my head leaving the bathroom for my bedroom. 

"I'm serious Lux, who is better?" she called after me. 

I ignored her and slammed my door shut locking it so she couldn't be nosy anymore. 

The rest of the day I spent catching up on homework and ignoring numerous calls and texts from Ethan. They all said the same I'm sorry bull shit he'd been sending all week and for once instead of feeling sad I just felt annoyed. 

The only Macree brother I wanted to hear from was radio silent and while I tried to not let it bug me I couldn't lie to myself and say that it didn't. 

At around a quarter to nine right as I was finishing getting ready Laurel pounded on my door. 

"You ready biatch?!" she yelled. 

"Yes," I sighed opening the door and letting her in. 

"Daaaaaaamn Lux you look fire," she howled. 

I had decided to wear a sexy sheer lace triangle bralette that basically had enough fabric to cover my nipples, a black open sheer cardigan that hung loosely off my shoulders and a faux leather mini skirt. I'd also thrown on a pair of ridiculously sexy high heels and painted my lips a deep rose red. I looked like walking sex as Laurel liked to say and it felt good. I had never dressed like this while I was Ethan mostly for the fact that when I did he acted insanely jealous, but now I was single and it was time for my more wild side to be set free again. 

"Those boys are going to flip out when they see you," Laurel giggled devilishly. 

We left for the party, Laurel driving, and I steeled myself for what was sure to be one drama filled night. 

Walking into the Sig house I immediately felt like all eyes were on me... because they were. Ethan's frat brothers did double takes as I walked through the house with Laurel by my side. Gone was the Lux they were used to seeing the Lux that dressed conservatively so her boyfriend didn't get into a fist fight. The Lux who was pretty and innocent not and hot and sexy. 

Ethan had had no idea the ways in which I had dimmed myself for him, but he would know now. 

"Let's get drunk," Laurel giggled pulling me towards the kitchen. 

"For once I am totally down for that," I said feeling slightly nervous. 

"Tonight is going to be so fun!" Laurel said excitedly. The girl lived for drama and I was currently a walking drama factory. 

When we walked into the kitchen I immediately spotted Hunter and the butterflies in my stomach went crazy. 

"Hey gorgeous," he greeted me with that ridiculously sexy smile of his. 

"Alright your guys sexual tension is making me nauseous point me to one of your hot single friends," Laurel said rolling her eyes at us. 

"My roommate Damon is pouring drinks," Hunter laughed gesturing towards a tall brunette guy. 

"Perfect... you two have fun... use a condom," she snickered be sauntering off. 

"She is kind of a pain in the ass huh?" Hunter chuckled. 

"Oh definitely," I agreed. 

"You look incredible by the way," he complimented eyeing me up and down. 

"Thanks... but if you tear this top tonight I'll kick your ass Macree," I said suggestively. 

"I make no promises," he smirked with that now familiar lustful look in his eyes.

"I'm serious," I giggled. 

"Yeah sure sounds like it." 

"Quit being a smart ass," I said bumping him with my hip. 

"You are so short I'm pretty sure your hip just hit my knee cap," he teased. 
