 Sherry and her coach caught Lori and I having sex. I had been trying to extricate myself from the mistake that was Sherry, and had hoped I didn't mess up my chance with Lori because I had slept with Sherry.

And now, my first time with Lori was fantastic- skin to skin and a fully loaded creampie for her. At the moment of release I kind of hoped she would get pregnant and want to marry me- a far cry from sex with Sherry. But we were literally caught in the act. I was still semi-erect and inside her, pinning her to the wall when Sherry and the coach walked in.

It's a good thing Lori was transferring to my school in a few months because effective immediately she was off the tennis team. She had only been an unpaid manager so the only real affect was now she had more free time, but the longer term and immediate danger was Lori had committed the unforgivable sin of sleeping with her roommate's boyfriend, and they still had to live together for a few more months.

However, I was not Sherry's boyfriend. We slept together once and she became a stalker. She had perceptions in her mind that didn't match reality, and now she was going to take it out on Lori. Lori was my perfect dreamgirl, but I didn't want to have unreasonable expectations either. I was smothered by Sherry and the last thing I wanted to do was smother Lori and scare her away.

***********************************

The rest of the semester was rough. Lori and I communicated several days a week and saw each other on most weekends. That was great because it had become apparent I needed new friends. Sherry kept showing up around Brent's place and Kerry had me blacklisted with the Education majors and there weren't a whole lot of available women in engineering. If it didn't work out with Lori, I was going to have every woman in my current circle pissed at me, thanks to Kerry. And myself. I was not innocent in this. I hoped it would work out with Lori but if not, at least there were about 14,000 other women on campus. Maybe Kerry hadn't told one or two what a dirtbag I was.

Lori and I did not have sex while she was at her other college. We waited and wanted to take it slow. We built up a solid foundation and she found a place to rent about a block from me for when the spring semester started. We set up our schedules as best we could so we could maximize our time together. Neither one of us went out to parties or the bars too much because Kerry or Sherry would often be there. Sherry still went to school an hour or hour and a half away, but she would pop up in random places, freaking out Lori and me. We didn't know it, but it was obvious- Sherry had so much free time to stalk us because she was not attending class and was about to be kicked out. Sometimes we told ourselves it was Kerry, but we both knew it was Sherry, the crazy twin. We feared she was off her meds and didn't know what kind of trouble she could cause.

After a few months of this, Kerry the Sexpot Twin texted me, "We need to talk." I replied, "Nope, cannot talk, am studying for a test." No internet, texting shorthand lingo- both clear, concise sentences. Then my phone rang. Who knew that smartphones actually made calls anymore...

"Jason, it's Kerry. We need to talk."

I should have not answered it, but did. Probably what I should have done was block the number, but I had only deleted her contact. That's fine, she would have found a way around that, and as it ended up this was a call I needed to take. And take more seriously than I did.

"Sherry is off her meds. She's sick, and she needs help. We are trying to have her committed to a mental health hospital but there aren't enough beds," Kerry told me.

"Why are you telling me this? What am I supposed to do? I mean if you need something, let me know, but I don't think she will listen to me."

"I am just warning you and your girlfriend to be careful." Kerry was more angry at Lori than she was angry at me.

"Kerry, I'm sorry about Sherry. I mean...in all honesty. How do I say this? I had a small hope you and I could...we might..." I stammered. The words wouldn't come out. I loved Lori but wanted Kerry to hear this.

"Yes, Jason?"

"I enjoyed our times together but you said you weren't looking for anything serious, and I accepted that. And when Sherry...when she and I..."

"When you fucked my virgin twin sister, yes Jason. I know. Go on."

"Anyway, I kind of had hope she would be the girlfriend material you weren't cur out to be, but she might have your personality," I said. There, I spit it all out. 

There was silence on the line and finally after what was an uncomfortably long time, Kerry finally said, "Thank you. I am glad I meant something to you, and I'm glad Sherry wasn't just a notch for you. I cannot hardly criticize someone who likes sex. Look at me, I'm 21, single, unloved and have a reputation for being the best fuck on campus. Maybe I should have taken you more seriously than I did. Despite what my dad thinks about you, Jason, you are not a bad guy."

"What does your dad think about me?" I shouldn't care, but for some egotistical reason I did.

"He wants to kick your ass because you deflowered his precious fragile angel Sherry and Sherry threw me under the bus and he thinks your magical penis somehow seduced me, too. I couldn't tell him I was drunk our first time, and the other times I was more than willing to let you treat me like a dirty whore."

"I never tried to treat you like a whore, Kerry. Like I said-"

Kerry cut me off. "I know, and I knew that. I was too dumb to realize you were a good catch. Out of all of my, um, my number, you were the best. I should have seen that. But Daddys never want to hear their little girls are whores who like sex, so I said nothing. Sorry for not sticking up for you, but you fight some battles and retreat from others. I didn't want to fight that one. We have enough going on."

"That's fine, Kerry. And I am really sorry about Sherry. I truly am. Let me know if you need anything. And I mean it. Anything, okay?"

"How about a threesome with you and your girlfriend, because with all of this syress I need to get laid," she said. Then she went on, "I'm kidding. But seriously, until we can get Sherry the help she needs, you and Lori take care and watch out. Okay?"

Great. A full fledged, crazy, off her meds stalker...

*********************************

First it was a big rock thrown through my bedroom window, and then a dead rat on the windshield of Lori's car. One night while we were talking a study break at The Depot snackbar near the library, a shadowy figure kept passing by the window outside. We cannot prove any of those instances were Sherry, but it seemed to fit a pattern.

One weeknight we went out for St. Patrick's Day to drink some green beer, and Lori excused herself to go to the restroom. I intently watched her go for her own safety, but yet I loved to watch her move. I would hate to have her walk away in anger or walk away forever, but when I knew she was coming back...I loved to watch her backside!

I should have been worried about my backside. All of a sudden a beer got dumped over my head, and a loud voice yells, "DON'T GRAB ME THERE EVER AGAIN YOU PERVERT!"

Sherry had been found.

I quickly stood up and spun around and in a low voice said, "You crazy bitch." Then I leaned in real close and said, "I should just make you fucking disappear and EVERY one would be happy."

"ARE YOU THREATENING ME?! HELP, HE'S THREATENING ME! He said he is going to rape me and kill my baby! OUR baby!" Sherry yelled this and as she did, several guys stood up to help her out. The police were quickly called before a fight broke out and unfortunately for Sherry she was taken into custody because her parents had placed a detainment order on her for some incident that took place a few days before. 

The crazy stalker was going to be locked up and get the help she needed. And deserved. I had no hatred for her. When we slept together and I knowingly took her virginity, I had hoped it could work out. But there was no emotional attraction for her from me. And she was batshit crazy. That didn't help either.

So after that while ordeal was resolved and Sherry lead away to a mental institution, I had the problem of a wet shirt soaked in green beer. And it was 24 degrees outside and I had a 3 block walk home. Lori and I left together and she came with me to my place so I could change. We had not had sex in months and both of us had pledged to wait and go slow, but tonight was a night for celebrating, and we had both had just enough to drink so we weren't thinking clearly. When I took my wet clothes off in the bathroom and wrapped myself in a towel and headed back to my bedroom to get dressed, Lori was naked on the bed, propped up on two pillows, knees up and spread wide enough I could see her dark landing strip and pussy underneath.

Lori was beautiful. Lighter skinned, hazel eyes, darkish blonde or dirty blonde hair, and her bush was trimmed very neatly. Before when we were caught at the tennis match, I hadn't had much time to notice the details. But since then I had noticed the details of her face and clothed body. The dirty blonde hair that was mostly straight and the shoulder length almost always worn in an athletic ponytail. The hazel eyes that could be emerald green when she was excited or mischievous, or light yellow when she was scared, or somehow a dark blue to almost piercing orange when she was angry. I know, "orange eyes"? I flunked colors in kindergarten because I have a slight issue with colorblindness. I can see most colors, but sometimes they throw me off. But despite my shortcomings, I loved to look into her eyes, whatever color they were or appeared to be to me. Whatever color, I could look directly into her heart and soul through those eyes.

She was 5 foot 7, a perfect height for my even 6 foot height. She had the legs of a dancer from years of tennis- strong, lean, muscular, yet sexy. A scar on her left knee from a surgery made her self-conscious about wearing shorts, but the scar was barely noticeable. Her chest was pleasant, probably big B cups or small C cups, but I had yet to go bra shopping with her. But in her clothes, I thought they were perfect.

And out of her clothes, SHE was perfect. A goddess! Perfection on display. On a scale of 1 to 10, she was 100. Or 1000. Probably 1,000,000 or more. She was a rare beauty who was close to flawless and unbelievably beautiful, and it was made even more so by her modesty. She didn't think she was "hot", or "sexy" or "gorgeous". She thought her gift was that she was kind, somewhat smart, somewhat athletic, and tried to be a good friend and person. She always donated to the bellringers at Christmas and she volunteered other places as well.

And one mistake she made truly made her feel bad, and that was getting caught having sex with me. She knew she liked me then, and loved me now, but felt some responsibility for Sherry going of her meds that she needed. It wasn't Lori's fault that Sherry- her former roommate- was born with a chemical imbalance that helped make her crazy, but Lori had empathy for her all the same.

But tonight, now, all of that was behind us. We were in love, and I had already picked out a ring and was going to talk to her parents in a few weeks about marriage. It had only been a few months, but we knew. WE KNEW. And we thought our parents knew as well. Although Lori didn't know any of that stuff about a ring. She was going to open herslef up and give herself over to me, and I would give myself to her. And as I looked at this mostly perfect vision ready to give herself away, and all of the past emotions being bottled up, and all of the fear and looking over our shoulders, and broken windows and keyed cars, plus some beer earlier, and how beautiful and perfect Lori was...I wanted to just sit down and cry and hold the woman I loved and count my many blessings.

But luckily my cock sprang onto action and said, "I got this," and then the rest of my instincts kicked in as well.

I went to her and laid over top of her, deeply kissing her full lips. She kissed back and our tongues found each other. I stroked the hair away from her face. She clawed my back. I rubbed her breasts and tweaked her dark and hard nipples. She nibbled my ear. I kissed and sucked her neck, on my way to her perfect breasts. She flung her head side to side and knocked the pillows away with her arms. She deeply sighed as I kissed my way down her abdominal ridge to her landing strip. I was like a blind and wounded aircraft who somehow got lucky and found an aircraft carrier out in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, and I was going to land and finally be safe.

"Jason, I can't wait. You have to..." she started but stopped as my tongue completed the circuit and touched her outer lips.

"Oh god, YES! Oh, Jason, please," she begged. 

I stuck a finger inside to gauge her wetness. Then a second went in. I parted her lips and opened her up, and found an excited clit that needed touched. "Oh, please Jason, enough, just fuck me already!"

I was afraid I would cum almost instantly. An old trick is to think about baseball, growing corn, maybe your elementary school teacher to keep from cumming right away. I might have been able to think about Kerry, but that still was good fantasy material. I could have thought about Sherry, and how I had wanted it at first, but how it had left me feeling empty. I could have thought about Mischa, Julie or even my sexy cousin I had never slept with despite both of us wanting to at 18.

But instead I thought about Lori, and how I loved her and how I wish THIS was our first time, and not the tennis dayroom. And I thought about Lori and how I wish we both had waited until THIS moment and were each other's very first and only. I wished we had known each other from birth and had shared every waking moment of our lives together up until this very magical moment. I knew she was the one. I knew she was better than perfect and oh how I did not deserve to be anywhere near the presence of her, yet somehow I was inside her body and part of her heart and soul and how she loved me and completed my very being.

I touched her lips and felt myself slide into her warm opening. It was warm, wet, tight and welcoming. I knew how many men she had been with and how many times she had been penetrated, and she knew my secrets, too.

But none of that mattered. Now now, not then, not later. The only thing that ever mattered was her and I. And at that moment when I was fully inside her, my swollen cock fully penetrating her and her pussy swelling around me, our bodies releasing good mood chemicals, the two of us becoming one...

That was all that mattered. 

**********************

Our first time that night had been with burning passion, and luckily she had been as horned up as me because she came on my third thrust. I lasted much longer. I came on number 4. Not an epic performance but we were both pleased that we could do that to the other person so fast.

We showered afterwards. I still smelled of beer and neither one really had lasted long enough to smell like sex. The room smelled of our mixed cum, but we decided to shower together anyway.

Nothing but talk happened there, and when we came back to bed we started a little more slowly this time. We kissed but quickly got into a 69 position. Okay, maybe "slowly" isn't the right word, but having her mouth on my dick and her hand rubbing my balls and playing with my butt while I had my tongue in the best tasting pussy ever, spreading her cheeks and burying a finger in her butt was nothing short of spectacular. She allowed herself to cum that way and if I had drowned on her flood of juices it would have been the best death anyone could ever ask for.

After she came and let me ride her wave with her, she crawled off and towards the foot of the bed, sticking her ass out at me. With her legs spread slightly agape I could see her pussy opening and the outer lips hanging down. Her buttcheeks had small goosebumps on them and her butthole was puckered and almost purple. I was not sure which hole she wanted me in, but I knew I wanted the one I had briefly been in only twice before. You can not go wrong guessing that one. 

I came up behind her behind and rubbed my painfully hard dick down between her checks and touched her brownstar. Then I went lower and she gasped in a little disappointment and a little anticipation. When my head rubbed her lips she thrust her hips back and out bodies collided with a loud, fleshy smack followed by two separate moans. Then our rhythms picked up and we were quickly on board the Ecstasy Express. I pounded into her body with all my heart and might. She had her arms way out in front of her with her head on the bed. She eventually reached back and rubbed herself and my balls as they slapped against her and when I got close this time, I warned her I was going to cum. She asked me to pull out and cum on her ass. 

My first spurt was still technically inside her pussy and the second hit her leg. But the remainder covered her butt and coated her butthole. She reached back to her pussy and felt my seed, then felt her butt and poked her finger into it, pushing cum inside her there, too.

"Someday, I will let you in there," she said.

I was light headed. My knees hurt from such an intense orgasm. My toes tingled, my eyes could sense the blood returning to my head and my ears pounded. Finally I remembered to breath and replied, "Maybe on our wedding night."

"Sounds good, my gift to you if you ever propose," she said playfully.

I don't think she knew I had a ring and I doubt her parents had talked about me wanting to talk to her dad. I almost spilled the beans right then, but I didn't. 

********************************

In early May after finals, Lori and I walked hand in hand around the lake on campus. We had discovered a small secluded spot weeks before and couldn't wait to try it out. We brought a blanket and picnic lunch along. I got down on one knee and proposed. She accepted and then we made love, in public, hopefully out of sight. She was on her back, skirt on, panties off, legs up in the air. We went at it with an animalistic lust even greater than our fist time. But she wanted to give me something special, too. The prize she had promised to give me on our wedding night.

A couple weeks later we walked hand in hand across campus in a lovely June summer school day, the sun a warm 82 degrees on our faces, a slight breeze and the air smelled of sunshine and fresh linen- just like some perfect candle at a store in the mall. Lori had her new engagement ring on. We both had a year left in school and planned for a June wedding right after graduation. Things couldn't have been better for us. And at that particular time, life was great. Time together was time enjoyed, and our sex life was no longer on hold. We moved to a small apartment and broke in our new bed. 

*******************************

The following year we graduated in May. We both had jobs lined up and her boss assured her that the new life she had growing inside her that not even our parents knew about would not affect her standing at work and after our wedding and honeymoon, when we started working full time, the company's insurance policy would pay for all of her prenatal appointments. She was highly sought after and they would not let anything slow her down and keep her from working for them. Nothing they could foresee was a problem...

There were lots of people around, laughing, shaking hands, taking selfies and hugging each other. It was the College of Engineering's Commencement and as we had our degrees in hand with our families by our sides, we paid no attention to the figure with short bright red hair skirting the edges of the various groups. He or she ambled by in their graduation gown, and we heard but didn't register the glass breaking. Later it was obvious that it was a glass beer bottle being broken on the bike rack and it all happened so fast from there.
