 I never had a bachelor party before Claire and I got married. It's never bothered me. I don't feel like I missed out. It just didn't really come up or happen. However, Claire brought it up one day. She'd had a bachelorette party. They went to the bars and drank and danced. No male strippers or anything but she had fun. She said she felt bad I never got the experience. I told her I didn't mind. I didn't feel like I was missing out on anything. She offered to organize an unofficial one with some off my guy friends and brothers, but I convinced her that over two years after the fact was a little late. Besides, my friends and brothers wouldn't really be into a bachelor party anyways which is why I didn't have one to begin with. She'd seemed disappointed, but had let it go. A few months later, she brought it up again, but this time she said she'd like to take me out and give me the bachelor party experience. We could go to the bars and drink. She offered several other options before reaching her main intention. She wanted to take me to a strip club. Neither of us had ever been to one, but I though the idea of watching other women strip with my wife next to me kind of weird and hot at the same time. I knew she'd also love to see the hot girls dancing. I agreed that we could do that as long as it was just the two of us.

So here we are sitting in two chairs at the base of a stage that protrudes out onto the floor with chairs all around it. We've got drinks in our hands. The music is loud and unrecognizably electronic. There are lights everywhere. No dancers are out and the stage is empty. In fact, the whole place is empty.

"Where is everyone?" I ask, turning to Claire.

She shrugs. "It's a Wednesday night, maybe it's an off day?" she half-asks and half-says.

I'm not sure if her voice sounds so unsure because she isn't sure, or because she's hiding something, but I decide not to push it. I look back over at the bar but the bartender has his back turned organizing various bottles of liquor. I take a sip of my rum and Claire gulps down her fruity vodka drink. I'm about to ask her if we should just go when the lights all go off and the room is plunged into darkness. Then the stage in front of us is washed with red lights and from somewhere a fog machine starts billowing into the air. The music changes to a different techno-style song. From around the wall at the back of the stage a woman walks out placing one foot directly in front of the other and swinging her hips from side to side. She has on ridiculously tall white platform heels and I half expect her to trip, fall, and roll off the stage, but she's a professional and doesn't even so much as falter once. As she walks closer I realize her heels are actually white latex boots that go up to her knees and beyond that she has black thigh high socks on. She's wearing lacy white and black panties and a white latex corset that pushes her fake breasts up into the air. Her face is coated in makeup and she seems to have eyeshadow all around her eyes and not just the eyelid. It's hard to tell in the light but she has black or dark brown hair.

She walks to the very edge of the stage and squats down with her legs apart so I'm looking straight at her pussy only covered by a thin layer of cloth. I hear Claire make a sharp intake of breath and I look over at her. She's staring intently with hungry eyes. I wonder if we're here because she wanted to make up for my lack of bachelor party, or if we're here so she could see a strip show. Regardless, if she is enjoying herself I will too. I look back at the stage and the woman is rubbing her pussy through her panties. She stops and blows a kiss directly at me before standing up and turning around. She bends over and wraps her hands around her ankles showing her flexibility, but more importantly showcasing the fact that her panties are a G-string and I have a clear view of her entire ass save for one little sting running down her crack. I fight back an urge to reach out and spank her ass and pluck the string so that it slaps against her.

She walks over to the pole on the stage nearest us and puts her back to it facing us. She squats down again running the pole up and down her ass. She wiggles back and forth as she goes up and down and she smiles at me wickedly. Then she places a hand on the pole above her head and in a feat of impressive athleticism whirls around the pole and lands back on her feet this time facing away from us. She does the same up-down and wiggle move, but this time I can see the shiny pole rub her ass. She stops and dances to the music for a while making sexy gestures with her hands and gyrating her hips always in my direction. I've been so enthralled I haven't even noticed how my hard dick has completely tented my pants in a very noticeable boner. The woman dances around more slowly untying her corset until its hanging together just barely at the top. She puffs out her chest and her breasts pop out and undo the last knot of the corset sending it falling to the ground. She deftly kicks it to the side as she walks towards me again. She stops at the edge of the stage and bends over again allowing her tits to dangle directly in front of my eyes. She shimmies so they jiggle back and forth and knock into each other. She blows me another kiss and returns to the pole twirling around it.

I turn to see if Claire is enjoying the show, but she's gone. Her drink is still next to me and so is her purse. I look around the room but it's so dark and the now flashing lights make it hard to discern anything. I decide she must have gone to the bathroom and go back to watching the show. The woman is slowly pulling her panties down to reveal a completely shaved pussy. With practiced ease she steps out of them and kicks them forward from her shoe and they land neatly in my lap. Claire isn't back yet so I quickly pick them up in my hand and feel them for any wetness. I'm surprised when I find that they are completely soaked in the front. I assumed that all strippers were desensitized and didn't get turned on by their dancing. I guess I was wrong. Or, it was fake, but they didn't smell fake. I look up again and she's again rubbing against the pole, but this time she's facing me with it between us and it's going up and down her pussy. She dances around the stage bending over and showing her pussy while she shakes her ass before coming to the end of the stage again. She squats down again like she did in the beginning and spreads her legs and I'm less than a foot away from this woman's pussy. It looks soft and the lips are spread apart in a permanent pout. She rubs her hand across it a few times and then spreads it just for me, before standing back up and sashaying back behind the wall at the back of the stage.

I look again and am surprised Claire isn't back yet. I start to stand up as worry floods me when the music changes again and the lights all turn off. A spotlight turns on and waves across the room before settling on the wall at the back of the stage. My jaw drops as I watch Claire walk out onto the stage. She's wearing flats, but they have straps that run all the way up her legs intertwining and looking sexy as hell. She has on a pair of bright pink panties and matching lacy bra. Over it all, she is wearing what looks like a mini-dress but it is completely mesh and see-through. Just like the stripper she strides purposefully and her curvy hips sway. Her large tits can't help but jiggle with each step. She walks to the edge of the stage and turns around shaking her ass in my face. I very nearly lose all my breath and pass out.

When she turns around she puts her finger to her lips to shush me from saying anything. She dances around the stage grabbing her tits and playing with them. Slapping her ass and shaking it. She backs her ass up to the pole nearest me and twerks against it. She sits on the ground with the pole between us and bucks her hips upwards against it. I realize I'm still holding the strippers panties and I toss them aside into the chair where Claire had been sitting. I look over to see if the bartender is still in the room, but we're all alone. I look back to the stage and Claire is walking towards me again squeezing her tits. She squats in front of me and rubs her hands over her pussy through her panties. Then she pulls them to the side and after spreading her delicious lips apart for a moment plunges a finger into her pussy. She moans so loudly I can hear it over the music rattling the speakers. She doesn't play with herself long though before she stands back up.

I'm not sure how because the mesh dress looks so tight against her skin, but she manages to take it off and look sexy in the process. I can see her tan skin glisten with a little bit of sweat from the workout and it makes me want her more. My cock is aching in my pants and I can feel my balls constantly churning. She rubs her tits on one off the poles before unclipping her bra and throwing it to me. I catch it and hug it to my chest as I watch her titty fuck the pole. She dances around more shaking her tits for me and sending me kisses and winks. All the while the lone spotlight follows her. Somewhere the spotlight guy is getting a great amateur show from my wife and it doesn't bother me one bit. She stops in front of me and bends over shaking her ass one more time before she strides off the stage looking like for all the world the sexiest stripper of all time.

After a moment, the music fades quieter and the lights rise. Claire walks back out on the stage holding the mesh dress in her hands and with a robe cinched around her. She walks across the stage and hops lightly off it and sits in her chair next to me. I watch her eyes as she surveys the raging hard on in my pants.

"I take it you liked your bachelor party?" she asks with a grin.

"That was so fucking hot, Claire," I say and lean over and kiss. "I didn't expect that at all. I loved it."

"Good," she says. "We need to get going though because the time I booked for just us is almost up."

"You had this all planned on didn't you?" I ask standing up and reaching down my pants to adjust my throbbing cock so it is a little less noticeable.

"Of course, did you really think it would be empty just for us? Or that I would strip on a stage on a whim?" she asks and laughs at me while gathering her stuff up.

"I guess not," I say and hand over her bra.

She takes it and stuffs it in her purse. We carry our empty glasses over to the bar and the bartender is back and takes them. He directs us to a side exit so we can get to our car without too many people seeing Claire in just the robe. As soon as we are in the car, I sigh loudly with pent up excitement. I turn it on and move to shift it in reverse when Claire puts her hand over mine on the shifter and stops me. She looks into my eyes with nothing but love and lust.

"Let's get in the back seat," she says.

We open the doors and quickly scramble back there. It's cramped but not too bad. She wastes no time pulling off her rob revealing she's still only wearing the sexy strapped shoes and her panties. She pulls my shirt over my head and hungrily kisses my chest. She gropes my still hard dick fiercely through my pants. She pulls these down to so that my cock rises into the air. She straddles me and I grab her ass to help steady her. She pulls her panties to the side and guides my dick into her.

"Oh, fuck yes, Jake," she says as I penetrate her. "I'm so fucking horny."

She grinds on my dick and bounces up and down on it. I suck on her nipples that are thrust in my face as she fucks herself on my dick. She starts to play with herself and within moments she's shuddering and shaking.

"I'm cumming," she screams and I'm sure if anyone else was in the parking lot next to us they would not only see us but hear us. "Fuck, this is so hot."

She continues to ride me as she comes and the excitement of the night coupled with the tight wetness of her pussy makes me explode into her. I feel my balls send up as much cum as I have and spray into her pussy. She stops riding and just grinds through my orgasm as she comes down from hers. I lose my eyesight for a moment and my head swims. I feel like my whole body has just been shot out into her pussy. I shake and groan and moan. After I finally come down, she gets off me and lets her panties fall back into place. By the time we get home my cum will have oozed out of her and will be soaking her panties along with her own wetness. She kisses me passionately before turning around to grab her purse from the front seat. As she does so she sticks her ass in my face and I take a playful nibble on one of her cheeks. She yelps but enjoys it. When she sits back down next to me she reaches into her purse and pulls out the panties from the stripper that she had thrown at me. They must have landed in her purse when I tossed them aside. Claire looks at me with a glint in her eye before stuffing them back into her purse.