 Mary was mad. Her supposed BFF had seduced her husband just to prove she could do it! Apparently, Carol had come over to their home while Mary was at work. Mary's husband had confessed to her that Carol had come over to supposedly borrow a dress that Mary had put out for her. When he couldn't find any package for her she asked if she could check in the closet for it. The idiot had let her in and allowed her to rummage around in her closet. He had gone back into his office to work on some e-mails. 10 minutes had gone by when he heard noises coming from the bedroom. He went to see what was going on only to find Carol naked spread eagled out on the bed frigging herself with Mary's favorite vibrator. Carol was starting to moan loudly and her hips gyrating in unison to the thrusting vibrator.

Carol's was approaching an orgasm and calling out Mary's husband name, begging him to fuck her and she was pinching her nipples while jamming the vibrator into her hot pussy. As Carol was thrashing around on the bed she looked directly at him and said "FUCK ME NOW, FUCK ME!" Then she climbed off the bed and walked over to him completely naked, with her hands still working her tits and pussy into a frenzy. She had gone down on her knees pulling down his shorts to expose his erection. She took his hard dick directly into her mouth and began giving him a blow job. Instantaneously she was deep throating him and sucking on his cock wantonly. He had cum within a few moments but remained hard in her mouth as she swallowed his sperm. She pulled off of his cock to pull him back to the bed. She lay back with her legs spread widely as she franticly rubbed her clit. She looked at his restored erection and told him to "Stuff that dick in me now. I want you to FUCK my brains out! Mary won't care we share everything." 

They had fucked three times that afternoon, every time she had revived him with her mouth. The last time she had put his flaccid cock between her breasts and gotten him hard by tittie fucking him before riding him cowgirl style until she had climaxed a final time. She got up and put her dress back on. As she was leaving she said "Mary was right you do have a good cock! She was wrong that you would never cheat on her though!" Laughing as she went out the door.

Mary had just seen Carol driving away as she pulled into the driveway. She found her husband laying naked on their bed covered in sweat, his cum and Carol's pussy juices.

Mary was angry. She knew he was like all men seducible, but she could deal with that. She kept him because his 10 inch cock was able to satisfy her sexual needs like no other man could. She was mostly angered because Carol had poached in her territory. It was an unwritten rule between these competitive sexual Amazons to never cross the line and steal from each other. Any other man was available for conquest but not after one of them had claimed his cock as hers.

Mary decided that was going to change that from now on and furthermore she was going to ensure Carol was taught a lesson and find a way to pay her back. 

But first she needed to reclaim her husband's cock. She smiled and looking down at her husband began taking off her clothes. He may have thought he was drained but she was the ultimate Alpha Bitch and was in a lust that would not be easily satisfied. 

"Poor baby when I am done with you tonight you will need a week off to recover!" 

She kneeled down over the top of him and began kissing and licking his deflated cock with increasing vigor. She savored the tastes of his and Carol's cum as she cleaned him up for her satisfaction. Then she lowered he cunt to his mouth, her hips began moving on his face and tongue and eventually when his erection was hard as ever she let her juices cum over his mouth. Then she swung herself around and mounted his cock. She savored the feel of it as her throbbing pussy descended onto it. She began rising all the off of his dick to only push him back into her. She made her pussy grip his cock. Tightly increasing the pressure between their genitals. His hands where pinching her nipples intent on increasing her pleasure but she was going to dominate this time. 

This was not going to be a tender loving sexual Union. No, this was her taking his remaining free will from him. She pulled his hands from her breasts and pushed them over his head. Her mouth was taking his mouth just as aggressively her pussy was taking his cock. As she took his mouth she enjoyed the taste of her pussy on him. This was much better than Carol's! She began to cum in the most perfect way an Alpha Bitch can. She wasn't entirely certain she hadn't killed or hurt him in her blood lust but if he survived he would never ever fuck another woman. She had let her pussy secrete the Imprinting Hormone on his lips and started singing the enchantment spell. From this point on his cock would only respond to her.

He had survived and she dragged him up and into the shower with her. She let him wash her body as she plotted on her revenge on Carol. Not only was she going to take Carol's husband and claim his cock as hers she was going to destroy Carol's reputation. The thought had aroused her lust again and she forced her mind and body control onto dominating her husband. She left him depleted in the shower and went to the phone to initiate her plan. Before she would claim Carol's husband's cock she would have Carol's two sons'.

After all this was what the coven had bread her for and she was going to enjoy the hunt.