 Mark went to the party for only one reason—he had a major thing for Katie. Katie's best friend Krista was throwing a party to celebrate her new home. They all worked together and Krista had worked some serious overtime to put a down payment on this house. It was a house warming party with some of the hottest girls from work and Mark was invited.

He and Katie had been getting along really well for months now and he had completely fallen in love with her. She seemed to like him a lot too, but there was a distance there he couldn't figure out.

The party had gone as many parties did with the people from work, lots of sexual innuendo, lots of drinking, some fooling around, a fairly boner-inducing game of twister with Mara and Diana, but nothing too spectacular. 

Mark tried to make-out with Katie, but to no avail.

The party ended and most people went home except Katie, Ally, Tina, and of course Mark. The others stayed to help Krista clean up, but Mark stayed because Katie stayed. They cleaned up for awhile, before Krista dropped everything and fell back onto the couch.

"I'm exhausted," she said. "Just leave everything 'till tomorrow".

"You sure?" Ally asked.

"Come on there's not that much stuff left." Tina added.

"I just want to soak in the hot tub." Krista said a little devilishly.

"Let's do it!" Mark said.

There was a slight pause as they contemplated this, then they began getting ready. The girls got up and went into Krista's bedroom. She started handing out bikini's and big T-shirts. As they changed Mark was left alone in the living room to consider that he had no swimsuit. He walked outside and looked at the hot tub. It was certainly big enough to fit all of them and he was feeling very excited about where this night was headed. He turned the hot tub on and sat back on a lawn chair waiting for the girls.

Soon they arrived. Tina was wearing a large T-shirt and presumably her underwear, so was Ally, Krista had on a nice bikini that showed off her large breasts beautifully. Katie walked out with another big T-shirt on. Mark tried to look at her in the light to see what was on under that shirt, if anything..

"Like my swimsuit, Mark?" Katie said as she turned and lifted the back of her shirt flashing him her red-thonged ass.

"Oh my God!" "I love where this whole thing is going" he replied.

"Where's your suit Mark?" "Yeah, come on" "I hope you don't think you're just going to sit there and watch us!" were some of the replies coming his way.

"I don't have a suit. What do you want me to do? Nobody said anything about a pool party"

Tina and Ally walked over to him and pulled at his shirt.

"Come on, Sexy. It's nothing we haven't seen before." Tina said.

"No, no. I'm not going nude"

"You're wearing underwear, right?"

"Yeah"

"So let's see!" Ally said as she unzipped his pants. And pulled them down halfway.

They all whistled. Tina bent over and undid his sneakers then helped in pulling his pants the rest of the way off.

Ally rubbed her hand over his abs. "Nice, Mark. You are one sexy, bastard"

He laughed. "Thanks, you're not so bad yourself"

Although he was flirting with them all, he never took his eyes off Katie. He walked over to her, lifted her off the ground and sat in the hot tub with her drenching her T-shirt. Her nipples stuck out from the wet fabric and Mark could feel his testicles tighten at the sight.

"Katie's got the highbeams on!" Krista said as she ducked into the water. Mark could see her magnificent boobs float to the top even before she sat up. Ally and Tina sat in the hot tub too.

"So are all you girls wet?" Mark inquired.

"Getting there!" Tina said.

There was a moment of awkward silence. Katie climbed off Mark and sat next to him.

"Where are you going?"

"I can feel your wiener moving around"

"So?"

They all laughed.

"I can't help it, I mean come on! Look at this situation I'm in here"

"Okay, Mark Truth-or-Dare?" Krista asked.

"Let's start with Truth"

"If you could have sex with any one of us . . ."

"Katie. Like everyone doesn't already know that! Ally Truth-or-Dare?

"Truth"

"Ah crap! All right, have you ever made out with another girl?"

"No."

Katie looks at her. "Ever?"

"Nope. Not even once. Tina, Truth-or-Dare?"

"Dare"

"I dare you to take your shirt off"

"Oh yeah!" Mark yelled

Tina hesitated then lifted her shirt off. She made sure to duck down below the water line so Mark couldn't see anything, but the fact is she was now topless and that suited him just fine. The bubbling water cascading over her nude cleavage was really playing hell with his hormones. 

"Don't get too excited Mark, you're going down at some point. Ally, Truth-or-Dare?" Tina said.

"Why me!" Ally asked.

"Truth-or-Dare?"

"Okay, Dare" she gave in.

"I dare you to kiss Krista"

Holy shit! Mark thought to himself. He could feel his stomach drop a little. He reached over and began stroking Katie's wet hair without even realizing it. Katie moved closer to him as he did so.

Ally smiled and leaned into Krista, they both hesitated for a long moment as the earth grew silent. Their lips touched. Ally's bottom lip hung onto Krista's top lip for a second then the two women leaned in and pushed their mouths closer sealing their lips together and Mark could see the suggestion of tongues moving and inter-playing underneath their blushing cheeks. They slowly separated and opened their eyes. Ally smiled a huge grin and put her hand on Krista's face.

"Thanks you" she said.

"Anytime" Krista replied.

Ally looked at Mark. "Mark take your underwear off"

"I didn't say Dare!"

"I don't care you're taking a dare. Take them off" she said.

Mark knew this was coming but hoped it would take longer. He reached down and pulled them off, thankfully the bubbling water concealed what they had all hoped to see. He showed them his underwear and threw it across the patio; knowing there was no turning back now.

"Okay, Krista Truth-or-Dare?"

"Dare"

"Take you top off please. And stand up when you do it." He said nearly drooling.

She stood up the water forming droplets over her tight tanned body. When she reached behind her to unclasp her top, her nipples stood up. Mark could barely contain himself. She undid her top and pulled it off. Her breasts were firm and large with fairly big aureole's which Mark was not a big fan of, but he wasn't complaining. 

"Damn girl, those are some serious boobs!" Tina said, laughing.

"Like them?" Krista asked as she caressed them while looking at Mark. "Oh look Mark, my nipples are so hard," she said teasing him.

Mark dropped his head back and closed his eyes savoring the image. Krista sat back down.

"Mark" she said.

Here it comes, he thought.

"Truth-or-Dare?" she asked.

He gave in knowing what to expect. "Dare"

Krista smiled a fiendish smile and said, "I dare you to kiss Katie."

Mark was surprised. Kissing Katie was not what he expected her to say.

"No." he said.

"Why not?"

"You can't say no"

"I can't kiss her." he said.

Katie didn't say anything she just looked at him.

"You know you want her, Mark don't even pretend" Tina said.

"I do want her, more than I want anything. That's why I don't want to kiss her. Come up with something else"

"Why? I don't get it." Krista asked.

"I'm not going to kiss her. WHEN I kiss Katie, and believe me I will, it will be because it's right and because we both want to, not because we're playing some cheesy kids game." He said. "You'll have to come up with something else"

Silence.

"Damn, Katie, he is in love with you." Tina said enviously.

"You can kiss me, Mark it's okay. I want to kiss you." Katie said.

"No, it has to be the right time." Mark replied.

"We'll if he isn't going to do that, then he has to do something else--worse!" Ally said.

Krista considered it for a moment. "Okay, you have a choice. Either kiss Katie and kiss her good, or you have to stand up on the patio and show us all your penis."

This was met with Whoops and Hollers and applause from the girls.

Mark sat there thinking about this. He looked at Katie. She was smiling at him.

"It's okay, really." She said.

Mark looked back at Krista. "One or the other, huh?" He smiled, shook his head and stood up.

Mark climbed out of the water cupping himself with his hands and stood with his naked butt facing the three girls. As he climbed out of the water Ally said, "Wow he has a nice physique."

"Look at that ass!" Tina yelled.

Mark turned to face them, he looked at Katie, "I hope you appreciate this."

"I think I'm going to in a minute," she said laughing.

The girls took in the sight before them. Mark the only guy there, nude from head to toe with his hands covering his naked manhood. His skin shiny from the wetness, he was laughing and nervous about to reveal to them what only a few women before had seen.

"Oh God, I can't believe I'm this fucking shy!" he said. He was about to lift his hands then stopped.

"You're really going to make me do this?"

"Let's see some cock!" Tina yelled.

Mark looked at Katie and was never so in love with her. She sat there with her wet hair draped around her neck, her T-shirt soaked and clinging to her small boobs, her smile one that could start a million wars, her eyes light even in the darkness of the evening. He raised his hands out to his sides and saw her eyes go wider as the rest of the girls cheered.

Mark's dick flopped forward and his balls fell low as he exposed himself to the cheering women. His raised his arms and flexed for them, turning and posing like a bodybuilder. They were all giggling and laughing at him. His penis began to get really hard now, it was almost standing totally erect so he covered himself again and climbed back down into the hot tub. They were all congratulating him. 

"Well, that was a job well hung!" Krista said.

They all laughed again.

"Okay, okay. Katie Truth-or-Dare?" he asked.

"Truth! I'm afraid to say Dare now!" she said.

"You're afraid to say Dare with me? After I just did that for you?"

"No, I meant, well, you know . . ."

"She's as shy as you are Mark! Jesus, no wonder you too haven't fucked each other yet!" Tina said.

"Okay, I'm not shy. Nobody shy could whip out his wang in front of three uber-babes like that. All right, Truth, huh?" He thought aloud.

"Do I have a chance with you?" he asked her.

"Yes, you do" she said and smiled.

Mark was in heaven now; the rest of the game was a blur to him. There were more boobs on display and girl on girl kissing, but it was Katie that was on his mind. Once, Tina was even dared to rub her naked boobs in his face and she complied, but nothing seemed as good a moment to him as when he exposed himself and when Katie basically told him she felt the same way about him.

When they decided to call it a night, Mark climbed out of the water as fast as he could and collected his underwear again. Tina and Ally had to work the next morning so they decided to leave.

Katie said she was going to go in a take a shower leaving Mark and Krista out in the living room. She had her bikini top on again and he was wearing his wet underwear. The two of them were standing in her kitchen so they didn't get the carpet wet. They could hear the shower running.

"You want something to eat?" Krista asked.

"Yeah, Katie." He said.

"Well NOW's your chance, Stud. She's wet and naked; go get her." 

"I don't know if she'd like me to go in there with her," he said.

"Mark, you need to grow up. She knows you like her, go shower with her. She'll love it. She didn't mind the day I walked in on her." Krista said with a big smile. She nodded her head, "that's right, we've had sex in the shower. She's not as shy as you think. A few months ago I walked in on her in our old apartment and she just laughed, I jumped in the shower and we had sex together—she's very good."

Krista looked down and saw Mark's penis growing in his wet boxers.

She walked over to him and traced her index finger down his shaft. Krista leaned in and whispered in his ear.

"You may be afraid but Mr. Hardy here isn't." She said as she slowly pulled his boxers to the floor.

His penis flopped up and smacked her cheek. She looked at his dick with hungry eyes as it hardened in front of her. She grabbed him a little too hard and he grimaced as she walked him down the hallway by his cock and they entered the bathroom.

"Katie, I have a surprise for you." Krista teased.

Katie looked around the curtain and laughed. "Oh my God!" 

Katie saw Krista standing there in her little bikini holding Mark by his hard dick, the two of the sporting huge smiles.

Katie closed the curtain. Krista lead Mark closer and pulled the curtain back exposing Katie's nude body to Mark for the first time.

She was beautiful. Her skin was flawless there wasn't a blemish to be seen. Her boobs were small but firm and her aureoles were only a dime size; just the way he liked them. His eyes followed down her stomach to the bald slit between her legs. She was tight as a drum and Mark couldn't wait to taste her.

Krista let go of his dick and pushed him into the shower with her. Krista's hands slid down around his ass and caressed his butt before letting go. 

Mark put his hands over Katie's boobs and slid them over her hard tits. Then his hand fell below and rubbed her lips, feeling them pulse. He slowly slipped his finger into her and she gasped a little to herself. He kissed her softly pushing his tongue into her mouth and feeling the warmth of her tongue gliding inside of his. She caressed his penis and tickled his balls.

Krista smiled and closed the door as she walked to her room stripping herself nude and remembering the warm softness of Katie's womanhood and the hard throbbing strength of Mark's manhood.

Back in the shower their hands investigated every inch of each other's wet bodies as they drew one another to climax.

Mark and Katie embraced under the warm water of the shower and felt their heartbeats pounding against each other's naked chests.

THE END