 We pull into a scenic highway pullout that overlooks a gorgeous summer, green, lush valley. This pullout only has room for one car. We are both so exhausted from the drive we just recline our seats and take a nap. I am so thankful I am wearing all baggy, comfy clothes on this drive. It makes napping in the car so much more comfortable.

I doze off for I don't know how long. My waking dream is having Elle sucking on my pulsing hard cock on a hot Mediterranean beach with the sun beating down in luxurious fashion across my naked body. As I keep my eyes closed, my mind starts waking, I realize that Elle is already awake and decided to act on another one of her deliciously deviant ideas. She has pushed my baggy shorts to the side and exposed my cock from the shorts leg. She is running her hands up and down my cock in the hot sun streaming through the windshield into my lap. She bends down and licks the end of my cock as it twitches with urgency. She knows just how to run her tongue around my cock head to really get me hard. She is pulling my juicy balls from below and exposes them to the sun. They melt into her hands and she runs her hands over and around my velvety nut sacks. 

...

Elle:

I dozed off fast after the activity of our ride so far. I know I am dreaming, and I just want to keep the dream going. I am fantasizing about being taken hard in our car right this very moment. John is driving his raging hard cock deep into my pussy. He is pressing his body down on me, doing pushups into my pussy in the passenger seat. I have my legs lifted and grabbing my feet as I press my pussy forward, sucking his cock deep inside me with my quivering pussy. My hips bounce slightly upwards to meet his cock as it presses down into my exposed pussy. I love how his full cock slides deep inside me, filling my juicy pussy and pressing my juices out around my pussy lips. And then I wake. 

Why now? This seems all so unfair. I wake, and my body is still in the dream. I feel my moist pussy lips drooling against each other. My nipples are hard and my body is on fire for more. I waste no time and look over at Claude. He is fast asleep. I am just going to have to see what I can do about that...

I bend over the console and peak up his shorts leg that is spread wide. As I do this, my short white skirt rises around my hips. It's a good thing this is a single car pullout. Anyone walking by will have a perfect view of my shaved, naked pussy peering out from underneath. My matching pink blouse pulls away from my chest as my breasts hang loose inside. I love not wearing a bra, especially for moments like this. My breasts hang and my nipples slide across the console, tweaking them and sending shocks of electricity straight through my pussy and down to my toes. My 5'8" toned body is on fire. I see his cock resting, as he sleeps. I reach up his shorts leg and slide the shorts all the way up. I lightly hold his cock with one hand and run my fingertips over and around his balls with my other. His cock is fully exposed. It is gorgeous. I think about the soon to be 10" cock ready for my dripping pussy. His cock is filling quickly. 

The sun has warmed his cock flesh and it feels so delicious. I drop my head and lick around the underside of his cock head as I run my fingers up and down his now rigid shaft. I am holding him straight up now with one hand, reaching down with the other to run my hand over and around his balls. They are so warm and ripe. I reach behind me, into the door pocket, and grab the bottle of oil. I let go of his cock for a moment and spray oil all over my hand. Then I reach back down and gently coat his cock with oil. It glistens and shines in its rigid glory. I pull my hand away and coat it again with oil. I pull my skirt up over my hips and spray my ass with a good helping of oil, drop the bottle, and rub my hand all over my glistening ass, spreading the oil over, around, and across my pussy lips. The sun shining in my window heats my oily pussy like it's in an oven. 

I refocus on Claude's cock. Now I bring both hand sliding over his hot, rigid, oily cock. I notice now that he is awake, and smiling down at me. I look right into his bright green eyes and smile back as I open my mouth and engulf the head of his cock. His right hand comes up, around my ass, and slides across my puffy pussy lips. The sensation is so delicious as I let out a yearning moan. 

I suck him deep into my mouth, wrapping both hands around the base of his cock, sliding them around his balls. My nose slides back and forth across his balls as I pull them up towards my face as my tongue slithers all over his cock buried deep in my throat. Claude's cock is pulsing with desire inside my mouth. 

I get a wonderful idea. 

While keeping my mouth on his cock, I swing my legs up and over Claude, bringing my pussy right in front of his drooling lips. As I lower my mouth down his cock again, I lower my pussy onto his mouth. I feel his tongue reach out and start devouring my juicy pussy. He slides his entire face back and forth, spreading my juices all over his face and around my already oily pussy. I feel him grab my waist with his muscular hands and gyrate my hips in time with his mouth and tongue assaulting my pussy. He pushes his nose in and around the opening of my drooling pussy. His tongue slides and swirls around my pulsing clit. His whole face moves side to side, pressing his mouth and nose back and forth on my pussy. He slides his tongue down my pussy as his mouth sucks onto my clit. He sucks in and pulls my clit further out, making my clit scream in pleasure.

His cock is now throbbing inside my mouth. It has grown to its fullest length and girth. It is 10" of hard, throbbing, velvety white cock meat. I am only able to get half of it in my mouth now. I step my legs forward and lift my pussy off his mouth. I am so ready to explode, but I want his cock sliding into my craving pussy. 

He is almost fully reclined so it makes it easy for me to step forward and position my dripping pussy above his raging cock. I wrap both hands around the base of his cock and lower my pussy down, slowly. I slide my hands up his cock to meet my pussy and spread my lips wide just as I feel his cock head starting to press into me. 

OMG. His cock head pops in first. I stop there, unbearably, and tease him a little by swinging my hips around. This works his turgid shaft around the head. My pussy drips down his cock and I slowly ease my pussy down the rest of his length. His hard, velvety, pulsing cock bottoms out as my pussy presses down into his hips, engulfing the full length of his cock. 

My pussy is beyond full. I feel his cock head pressed deep and hard inside me. My hands have followed my pussy all the way down his cock and now scoop up his oily balls. I rub my hands over and around his balls as I sway my hips around in a circle, gyrating his cock deep inside me. It feels so wonderful. My body feels electrified. His cock fills every inner crevice I didn't know I had. 

My oily, juicy, dripping pussy reaches my first wave of erupting lust. I explode. I press hard down onto his cock. One hand is rubbing and pressing my swollen clit, the other is pressing his balls up and over my pussy lips. My pussy clenches hard around his cock and shakes with each wave of pleasure as my orgasm kicks me into overdrive. 

My pussy is sliding up and down his cock. I rise just to the cock head, holding both hands around his shaft as I rise. When I get to the top, with my pussy just kissing his cock head, I plunge back down his shaft, all the way to the bottom. My hands slide along his shaft. At the bottom my hands slip down his oily balls and hold them down, scooping them up in both hands as I start to rise again. As I rise, I pull his balls up, sliding my oily hands and pussy juices over them and around his rock hard shaft. His balls flop down onto the car seat when my hands clear them. I speed this up with each stroke. We hear a few cars passing and neither of us are concerned. From the outside it may just look like I am the only one in the car, until they notice I am bouncing up and down. 

I feel his hands slide all over my oily ass. They move all over my juicy pussy, spreading my cum and oil around. His hands then slide up my waist, over my short skirt, and up my blouse. They cup and press my breasts, pinching my screaming nipples and circle around them over my sensitive areolas. I am now at a frenzy, bobbing my pussy up and down on his cock. 

Our soaked sex is slapping loudly throughout the car. Oil has sprayed across the console, leather seats, and all across Claude's shorts and shirt. His already raging cock seems to get bigger, and then he lets out a scream. It's a scream of reaching a point of almost unattainable satisfaction. Deep. Carnal. Ecstatic. 

I feel his cock stiffen, and erupt on my next downward plunge. His cock head is pressed deep inside and I feel the first spray of cum blast across the inner walls of my pussy. The second blast hits and feels even bigger. I have pressed my hips hard down on his cock. I am now grabbing the steering wheel and grinding my hips side to side as my pussy rockets into another orgasm. My whole body quakes and all I can do is give in to my body. 

My legs are in a squat, my pussy is pressed down hard, his oily, pussy juiced hands are clenching my breasts and squeezing my nipples, and I am thrashing around in convulsions on his spewing cock. His third, fourth, and subsequent jets of cum spray deep inside, soaking down and out my pussy lips. My juices mix with his cum and drip down around his balls as my pussy gyrates around his erupting cock. 

When we are both spent, I reach down across over my throbbing pussy lips and run my oily hands down the base of his cock shaft and grab the base with both hands. The thick part that remains outside my pussy. The slowing, throbbing, velvety wrapped hunk of hot meat that is slowly pulsing down from maximum hardness. 

I am not done with his cock yet. My body is still on fire. That last orgasm was one of my strongest ever and my body is just crying for more. I have no idea what has come over me but I aim to enjoy every bit of my craving desires. His cock has only relaxed slightly. My hands are firmly grasping the core of his cock; the thickest part that disappears into his hips. I have found the mother lode. His cock is hardening again. It is still in my pussy as I feel it pulse back to life. I hear Claude let out a deep moan of stimulating satisfaction. 

I grab the "oh shit" handle above the door and lift my legs. I am now lightening my weight on him by pulling up with my arms and spinning around on his cock to face him. I stop twisting and put my legs down, facing him. I raise my pussy to his cockhead and slide my hands down my belly, scooping as much juicy sex mix as possible as I slide them down his cock. I move them up from the base of his cock and over his flexing abs. Rotating my hands as I go I spiral them up and around his nipples, taking plenty of time to spread our juices all over his chest. 

"Baby, I am going to keep my hips steady and I want you to fuck me. Fuck me how it feels best for you. Fuck me so your cock stays rock solid for as long as you can bear. Fuck me and feel my pussy lips sucking your cock in and out with juicy abandon."

Claude starts pressing his hips up, pushing his cock smoothly into my pussy. I can feel my pussy lips spreading wide as he presses in. He moves his hands underneath the small of his back to gain some more leverage and then rocks his hips down, sliding his cock slowly out. My pussy lips hang onto his cock as he moves down and out of my pussy, just the head kissing my lusty hole. All I want to do is fling my ass into a frenzy of cock smacking pussy abandon. But I don't. I take it. I don't move my ass. I stay still. 

Claude pushes his cock back up, rocking his hips with a pendulum effect over his hands and pushes his cock all the way into my pussy cavern. Once our crotches are pressed tightly together, I let my weight press onto him even more. Then he rocks his ass, hands, and cock side to side. This spirals his cock deep inside me. 

OMG. I rock slightly side to side to accentuate his cock swirling around inside my pussy. The sensation of the base of his cock pirouetting around my pussy hole, wrapped tightly inside and dancing around my hyper aroused pussy hits like a perfect storm. 

My pussy clamps hard onto the base of his cock. It spasms with pulsing, rippling effect around his entire cock. I feel him press me up, my feet leaving any support they may have had and dangle uselessly to the sides as his cock and hips are the only thing supporting me besides my hands pressing into his chest. My pussy continues to strangle his cock as I scream out in a long rhythmic moan of carnal pleasure. Just as my last spasm sucks on his incredibly hard cock that he is pushing into the sky through my pussy, I feel his cock jump inside me. 

He shoots a cannon of cum across my pussy walls. It seems endless. Two, three, four, a fifth blast splashes through my pussy. He lowers down slightly and then pushes up hard again. My legs bounce loose. My pussy just takes it all in. Cum is dripping down out of my gushing pussy, across his balls and is running down, across his flexing abs. 

It is such a sexy sight. It is such a sexy feeling. My pussy rumbles again with mild orgasming aftershocks. It has never done that. OMG. Spent, he lowers down and I bend my arms to come down against his chest. I squish down onto his soaked body and squirm slightly around to even out all the oil and cum between us. Good thing it's a rental...

We are still connected as we both drift off into contented recovery.