 She really had meant to explore the area when she had first meet the deputy, exploring backcountry roads and such was something of a hobby. This weekend she planned to pick up where she had left off the first time. If she just happened to run into her favorite law enforcement officer that would be a bonus. She would take the entire weekend to escape the confines of the city. She packed up her Mustang with camping gear and food just in case the mood struck her otherwise she would find one of those out of the way family motels to stay at for a night. Hopefully, a motel that did not have a dead, stuffed animal mounted over every doorway.

Early Saturday morning she sped off to the country, intent on exploring every tiny road and trail she could find. It took about an hour or so to reach the first turn off, then she was truly off, a trail of dust settling in her wake. She slowed down as she came to her favorite picnic area about 20 minutes later. Like last time there were no cars parked but it was still pretty early. She considered stopping and making her own breakfast but decided that eating at the diner would be better. She gunned the Mustang and quickly arrived in town. She pulled in and parked in front of the diner. There were no police cars in front of the sheriff's office this morning and she had to quell a little feeling of disappointment.

"You are not looking for the deputy this time," she chastised her self. "Remember you are exploring this weekend, sex is secondary," she grinned, "Well, I suppose priorities could change." She went inside and sat down at the long counter. Trixie was working and came down to greet her.

"Nice to see you again," Trixie said, "What can I get you this morning?"

"How about some juice and the breakfast special," she replied. Trixie gave her the once over a little sparkle in her eye and then turned around to get the order in and help the other dozen or so people in the diner. She realized that her present get up was not nearly as sexy as the last time she had been here. Short sturdy hiking boots with socks just past her ankles, khaki hiking shorts, that should off her ass very nicely, and a loose white cotton t-shirt that hid her breasts rather than show them off. She had her long blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail.

"No, definitely not sexy but at least comfortable for this trip," she thought. Trixie brought her breakfast over and they chatted for a few minutes. She learned where some of the good trails and make-out spots where. Trixie even offered to go exploring with her, but she declined this time. Trixie would be much to distracting from her real weekend goal, although the offer was very tempting. Another time, for sure though. Trixie was obviously disappointed but perked up at the offer of another day. She realized that she had been thinking of what Trixie looked like naked and how soft her lips would be. Her face was flushed and she could feel her nipples harden. Fortunately no one could see them under her loose shirt. She paid her bill and said goodbye to Trixie and walked out the door to her Mustang.

"Now I'm truly off to explore," she thought to herself. The Mustang's engine seemed to purr in agreement with her and she hit the road. She spent the rest of the morning exploring new roads getting lost, and then finding her way. When her tummy reminded her about lunch she headed back to her favorite picnic area. It was still deserted and she could not help but feel a bit of disappointment rising, but lunch would not wait. She ate quietly in the peace of the early afternoon. Trixie had drawn her a map to a place she called the Overlook and there were several good trails from there. She decided to see if she could find it. It took a couple of hours through trial and error but she finally figured out Trixie's rough map and found the spot. If you weren't looking for it you would not find it and she had driven by it at least twice when she was looking for it. She followed the narrow tree shaded road about 100 yards when it opened up into a slightly overgrown parking lot. There were some crumbling, wood logs to designate the parking area and an old steel rail running the length of the area beyond which the ground seemed to disappear. 

She parked off to one side and stepped out of her car. Trixie had been right the view from here was fantastic. The ground beyond the steel rail protected anyone from the sheer drop on the other side. From here the entire valley could be seen. In the distance on the valley floor she could just make out the little town and the diner. Down the center ran the lively stream and portions of the main dirt road could just be seen running along side it through the trees. She got out her binoculars and sitting on the hood of her car scanned up and down the valley. She watched for a few minutes and then seeing a trail entrance close to her car decided to explore it. She followed the relatively level trail for about 20 minutes until it entered a clearing by a small stream. The stream came over a small waterfall here splashing noisily in its banks heading to the bigger stream at the valley floor. She paused and found a place to sit and enjoy the peaceful sounds for a bit and then wandered back down the trail the way she had come.

As she was coming through the trees she could see another convertible parked at the other end of the overlook. She paused mid-stride, something a little odd seemed to be going on. She quietly made her way through the brush trying to find a better spot to see the car's occupants without being seen. She moved closer and found a good spot and raised the binoculars to her eyes. The occupants came in focus, a boy and a girl sitting in the backseat. The girl was on her knees leaning over the boy their lips locked together one of her hands holding his head. The girl's blouse was unbuttoned and it looked like the boy was fondling her breasts. The girl raised her head breaking the kiss and she realized it was Trixie in the car. Then the boy disappeared from view and Trixie leaned back resting against the backdoor of the car. She watched as Trixie arched her back her blouse opening wide revealing her breasts and hard nipples to the afternoon sun. 

She had a good idea where the boy had disappeared too. She felt her own nipples harden at the thought of the boy's tongue licking up and down Trixie's pussy. She continued to watch. She could see Trixie fondling her own breasts, pinching and pulling her hard nipples her mouth open wide. Her own pussy began to grow damp and she lowered one hand to rub herself through her shorts. She saw Trixie's hands disappear and then Trixie was bucking and writhing as her orgasm tore through her. She slipped her hand down her shorts and under her panties running her fingers across her labia in a soft circular motion, teasing her clit a little. Her breathing grew heavy as she watched the boy sit up in the backseat and Trixie straddling his lap. The binoculars trembling in her hands, slipping one finger into her pussy as she watched Trixie rise up and slowly settle down impaling herself on the boy's cock.

"Enjoying the show?" a voice asked from behind her.

She jumped startled by the sound and tried to turn around yanking her hand out of her shorts. A hand grabbed each hip and held her in place.

"Don't worry, I would bite…to much," he said still holding her firmly by the hips. She relaxed slightly as she recognized the deputy's voice.

"How did you know I was here," she asked quietly.

"Trixie told me you were around today and she mentioned that she had told you about this spot," he replied, his breath hot in her ear. She shivered as the hairs on the back of her neck rose. His hands reached around and unbuttoned her shorts. "She was disappointed that she didn't get to come with you, so she set this up," he continued. His hands pulled her shorts down her hips a little and his fingers slipped under her panties. "Keep watching, she wants you to see her," he said. She raised the binoculars back to her eyes with both hands. His fingers began stroking her pussy, softly massaging her labia and circling her clit.

She could see Trixie moving up and down slowly in the back of the car the boy under her squeezing her breasts. His head was thrown back and his mouth was open. Trixie stopped for a moment and brought his head to her breasts. He began sucking on her tits and Trixie arched her back holding his head tightly to them. As she watched Trixie the deputy pressed his hard cock against her ass as he slipped two fingers into her pussy. She groaned loudly and shoved back against him. He teased her clit as he slowly fucked her with his fingers. Trixie was moving slowly up and down obviously relishing the hard cock embedded in her. The deputy's fingers were bringing her close to an orgasm she could feel her muscles start to tense. Just as she neared the point of release he stopped, kissing her neck, he let his fingers just lie still inside her the palm of his hand pressing against her mound till he felt her relax against him. 

Trixie was no longer straddling the boy. She had moved and was lying across the back of the car. Trixie's breasts crushed against the trunk, her ass and legs inside the backseat of the car. The boy was kneeling behind her and as he thrust is hard cock into Trixie, the deputy starting fucking her with his fingers again. The deputy moved one hand under her shirt and pushed her bra up and out of the way exposing the sensitive nipple to his questing fingers. He took it between his fingers and squeezed as his other hand concentrated on her clit, reviving and deepening the fire inside her. The boy was speeding up and she could hear Trixie crying out for more. The deputy matched the boy and she felt her body tensing. As she watched the boy stiffened, his cock thrusting deep into Trixie. Her own body stiffened and then bucked against the deputy as her orgasm crashed through her. She sighed and collapsed backward against the deputy.

She whispered "I need you now, I need to feel your hard cock pounding into me. Take me now!" Trixie and the boy had slumped down out of sight in the other convertible.

"Okay, lets head to your car, I need to feel your pussy milking my cock," he said in agreement. She pulled her shorts up and the quickly moved over to her car and climbed into the back seat. She took off her shoes and skinned out of her shorts and her panties droping them on the floor of the car. He wasted no time either and was quickly naked beside her.

"Lean over the seat on your knees," he said. She stripped off her shirt and bra and complied, waving her ass in the air at him. She looked over her shoulder and smiled at the sight of his rigid cock gently bobbing in front of him. She wiggled her hips and spread her legs, exposing her wet, glistening pussy to his view, a wonton desire to feel his prick inside her. He stared at her ass for a moment then grabbed her hips with his hands and placed the head of his cock at the entrance to her pussy. Then he rammed into her in a long hard stroke. She cried out at the invasion trying to crawl away from the sudden hard stroke into her pussy. But his grip was strong and he held her tight against him for a moment. She groaned and thrust her ass back at him trying to fuck herself against his cock. He pulled back to give her some room. Quickly she started moving back and forth fucking herself on his rampant cock.

"Morrrrrre! Come on fuck me now!" she cried in frustration. He grabbed her ponytail with one hand and pulled her back towards him. She put her hands on the top of the backseat to support herself as his cock began thrusting into her, fast going in and slow coming out, she could feel every inch of it. She arched her back as he pulled her hair a little harder and the other hand squeezed her breast as they thrust forward. He kept up his rhythm for a few minutes squeezing her sensitive nipple in time with the hard thrusting of his cock. She felt his thighs tensing against her and felt him lose the rhythm he had set. He was out of control and she cried out, as his thrusts grew harder and deeper inside her. He pulled harder on her ponytail and she could feel him going wild the big cock flexing, jerking, bucking inside her as jet after jet of hot cum spurted inside her. 

The feel of the throbbing cock set her off and she shoved against him hard at the feel of the spurting cock. She stiffened then bucked and thrust against him her orgasm ripping through her in an electric thrill. She collapsed against the seat. He sank down in the seat next to her pulling her against him, one breast cupped in his hand, his lips seeking hers for a kiss. They snuggled together and watched the sunset paint the valley in its fading light.