 Seth saw the crest of the hill, which gave him the strength to push on to the top. Sweat was pouring off of him on the hot, humid August day. When he finally reached the summit, he did a small solo victory dance and leaned against a tree while he guzzled water.

This was his spot. He panned the vista and caught his breath. When he had recovered from his uphill sprint, he hauled his small backpack over to his favorite perch on the edge of the ridge overlooking the waterfall and the pool at its bottom. He pulled out a couple of Power Bars and grabbed another water. Seth took a deep breath of the clear air, cleansed by the pines rising all around him. He used his t-shirt as ground cover and his backpack as a pillow, stretched out in the sun and fell into a contented sleep.

An hour or so later, Seth was awakened by the sound of a horse and splashing in the water below. He shook the cobwebs out of his head and peered down. He saw a woman dismounting an elegant black stallion. She patted his neck and reached into the saddle bag for carrots. As Seth watched, she even put one end in her mouth and allowed the horse to grab it from her. She clearly loved the animal. The two of them interacted for a few minutes; then the woman patted the horse again and let him graze on the lush grass growing near the water.

Seth smiled and was about to return to his nap when the woman began disrobing. First, she took off her baseball cap and shook out her pony tail. Her shiny medium-brown hair fell three-quarters of the way down her back. He sat up when she unbuttoned her plaid shirt and draped it over a tree branch. He was very attentive as she removed her sports bra. Even from this distance, Seth could tell she had creamy skin the color of cappuccino. Her firm B-cup breasts rose proudly above her flat, toned abs.

The woman sat on a rock and removed her boots and socks. Seth was barely breathing as she pushed her jeans down her sleek, athletic legs. His heart was pounding as he watched her tug her black thong down her tawny thighs and hook it on a branch with the rest of her clothes. She stood facing him in her nude glory and stretched. His eyes were riveted to the space at the top of her legs. Though he couldn't see her luscious vagina from this distance, he could tell she believed in being clean-shaven. The woman then walked over to the edge of the pond, stepped up on a flat rock and dove into the water. She was underneath for so long that Seth was starting to become alarmed, but she finally broke the surface on the other side of the pool.

Seth got comfortable and rested his chin in his hand as he watched her swim and splash in the warm early afternoon sun. At one point, she climbed a series of small rocks and was able to walk behind the waterfall. She stayed behind the falls for a long time, so long, in fact, that Seth packed up to leave. When she finally did emerge on the other side, her hair was mostly dry. He assumed there must be a cave behind the falls. Before heading down the mountain, he watched her wrap her delicious body back in her clothes. She whistled for her horse, hugged his neck and he bent down closer to her. She kissed the space between his eyes. Then, she climbed into the saddle and road away. Seth looked at his watch and saw that it was 2:45 pm. He figured that he arrived about 1:00 pm and decided to make a trip to this spot the next day at the same time.

As always, Seth searched for the crest of the hill to give him the motivation to finish. He had been jogging up the three-mile ascension for the past couple of years whenever he was home from college. This time, he broke his routine and paused only long enough to catch his breath before moving to the overlook. It was deserted, so he sat down for his usual lunch of a Power Bars and fruit. He was getting anxious waiting for his unknown goddess to hopefully appear. He pulled out his iPod and settled on his backpack, letting the sun wash over his salty body. Seth soon fell asleep to the strains of Coldplay.

The high-pitched whinny of a horse broke him from his slumber. He rubbed his eyes and looked down to find the cocoa-haired maiden once again dismounting the muscular black stallion. Since the temperature was in the mid 90s that day, she was wearing very short denim cut-offs and had her shirt tied below her breasts. She also wore a cowboy hat to give her more shade.

Seth watched her disrobing ritual with the same intensity and pulled out a pair of binoculars. When she peeled off her tan sports bra, he focused the lenses on her body. My God, she's beautiful! He could now see the blond and gold highlights of her hair glinting in the bright sun. Her skin was even more captivating, like a coating of bronze butter spread tightly around her petite frame. He could now see her stiff mahogany nipples standing proudly from her round, perfect breasts. As Seth drank in every detail of her shoulders, arms, breasts, and torso, his penis threatened to reach beyond the waistband of his running shorts.

The woman leaned one hand on a tree trunk as she slipped off her boots. Seth marveled at how gravity was helpless in pulling against the firm shape of her breasts as she bent to remove her socks. I've never seen a woman this beautiful. He stopped breathing as she slowly stripped her lower body of her shorts and tan thong. His eyes followed the flawless curve of her ass. His gaze fell slowly down her amber thighs to the muscular curve of her calves. When she turned to face him again so she could stretch, he zoomed in on her pussy. His tongue became dry and pasty as he stared open-mouthed at the open split of her labia and the tiny tuft of brown curls above her opening. Fuck! His heart was now pounding so hard he could hear it.

From below, a shiny glint caught the woman's attention, and she stared up right at the spot where Seth was sitting. She brought her hand up to shield her eyes from the sun's brightness as she searched for the cause of the bright light. As soon she looked in his direction, Seth instinctively dropped the binoculars into his laps and pressed himself behind the trunk of a large pine. She searched in vain for a few minutes and decided she must have seen a reflected sun ray from the water. She dove into the cool wetness and let the bubbles from the falls wash off the salt and the heat from her skin. She swam to the other side and turned over on her back to float on the crisp surface of the pond. She loved the contrasts of the blazing heat on her chest and the chilly tingle on her back.

Seth took out a water bottle, drank half of it, and poured the other half on his head. He slumped against the tree. He felt like a pervert for spying on the woman, but frankly his attraction to her was so strong he was powerless. He closed his eyes and replayed what he had just seen. His hand was drawn to the flaming steel of his cock. He rubbed himself through his nylon shorts and then took out his cock and began jacking his hand up and down. His hand became more frenzied as the movie theatre in his mind drew closer to the moment when she was completely naked and facing him. When he got to the point where he was gaping at her open pussy, he grunted and sent several hot bursts of semen flying onto the forest floor. He sat there for some time with his softening dick in his hand, imaging how she must feel and smell and taste. When he finally emerged from his spell and tucked his spent member back in his shorts, he looked over to find the woman putting on her hat and climbing onto her horse.

The following day, Seth was surprised to find his goddess already swimming in the pond. He was disappointed that he missed watching her shed her clothes. He looked down to find her once again floating naked on her back wearing sunglasses. She looked so peaceful she could have been floating on a cloud. He started getting hard as he pulled out his binoculars. He sat in his favorite spot and drank in her beauty, starting with the top of her milk chocolate hair and panning slowly down to her delicate feet.

She was so content that she was dozing in and out when she, again, caught the unmistakable glint of bright light reflected from the hill above the pond. Behind her sunglasses, she didn't react. She paddled over near the bank and tossed her glasses onto a towel. Then, she dove under the water and emerged at the steps leading to the waterfall, climbed them and disappeared behind the wall of cascading water. Seth assumed she would not be visible for awhile, so he lowered his shorts and began jacking his hand up and down his long, thick, purple shaft. In just a couple of minutes, he was able to coat the forest with more of his seed.

He tucked himself in his shorts and slumped against the tree trunk and began to slide into contented sleep, which prevented him from hearing the soft footsteps approaching from his rear. He did, however, perk up when he heard the unmistakable double click of a shotgun being cocked. Seth jumped up and found himself facing the object of his lust with a loaded gun pointed right between his eyes.

"So, you like spying on women in the woods, pervert?" she asked in a no-nonsense voice.

At first, Seth was shocked, then embarrassed. "Look, I'm sorry. I never do this kind of thing."

"Uh huh. You just happened to accidentally trespass to the same spot at the same time with binoculars. Bird-watching?" she asked menacingly.

"No ... no ... you're right. I was spying on you," he said as he hung his head in shame. "I don't even know what to say. I'm so embarrassed. I promise I'm harmless. I'll just get my things and go," he said as he started to pick up his belongings.

"Drop 'em," she ordered.

He looked at her, puzzled. "what?"

"Drop 'em ... your shorts. You've been spying on me for three days. Now it's payback."

Seth stared at her without moving, trying to figure out if she was serious. She aimed the shotgun into the air and fired it. Then, she quickly pumped the barrel and aimed it back at Seth. He got the hint and slid his shorts down his legs and tugged them over his running shoes. She stared at him unblinking for a moment before scanning down the length of his body. Damn, he's cute! She focused on the limp red hose dangling over his balls. He's gotta be an athlete or something with that body. Even in her anger she found herself moisten as she surveyed him and imagined what his cock must look like erect.

Of course, Seth was humiliated. The longer she stared, the more self-conscious he became, but he was too scared to move.

"Grab your stuff. Let's go."

"Like this?" Seth asked in horror, indicating his state of undress.

"Yes, just like that pervert. Move it," she said as she pointed down the path she had taken to reach him. Seth's mind raced as he trudged down the hill with his cock flapping in the sun. At the bottom, the woman quickly packed the clothes she had worn earlier that day into a saddle bag. Seth assumed that she must have arrived early so she could stash the gun and extra clothes behind the waterfall. When she had mounted her horse, she asked, "You got a name, pervert?"

"Seth ... Seth Majors."

"Okay, Seth ... Seth Majors ... we're going for a walk back to my ranch. I'll decide whether to call the cops along the way."

Seth sighed deeply. A conviction for voyeurism was going to look just great on his application to vet school. Those were the types of forlorn thoughts that filled his head as they walked through a field toward his doom.

The woman watched the powerful muscles in his legs and his hips as he walked. His broad lean back rose in a perfect "V" above his trim hips. His shaggy blond hair was stiff from the salt plastering his face. After walking for most of an hour, she noticed his shoulders getting pink. She stopped the caravan next to a stream.

"You're starting to burn, Seth ... Seth Majors."

He looked up at her face and saw that her expression wasn't nearly as menacing as it had been. "One Seth will do," he said shyly.

She smirked. "Okay, Seth. Why don't you wash yourself off in the stream to get some of the salt off your skin. Then, I've got some sun block so you don't fry in this heat. We've still got about 45 minutes to walk. She watched as he bent down to scoop water into his hands and soak his face. She smiled, despite herself, as she watched his long legs flex and saw his cock hang down as his tight ass was pointed at her. He is gorgeous. I can't believe I'm getting wet staring at this peeping tom. She watched him apply the sun block to his neck, shoulders and arms and found herself wishing she was the one rubbing the lotion into his skin. Still, she managed to keep an impassive look on her face.

When he finished, she tossed him his t-shirt. "The pants stay off," she added before he could ask. Seth didn't protest.

"Okay. Let's go," she ordered.

"Before we get to your ranch, can I beg for mercy? I'll do anything you want to keep from being turned into the police. I'm getting ready to apply to graduate school, and this will kill my chances of getting in."

She looked into the deep rivers of blue in his pleading eyes. She wanted to torture him some more, but his gentle manner and staggering good looks were breaking down her defenses. The little boy expression in his eyes melted her angry heart. She breathed deeply and asked, "Are you willing to come here every day to muck out the stalls and do whatever other disgusting thing that needs doing?"

He brightened. "Absolutely. Anything."

"I'll think about it. First, keep marching." Seth turned and headed off along the path with renewed vigor in his step. The woman smiled more broadly once he turned his head away. The more she stared at his tall, lean body, the more excited she was that he was going to be coming to the ranch every day.

At the bottom of a hill she stopped him. She silently tossed him his running shorts. He looked at her as if he needed permission to put them on. I'm going to miss seeing that cute butt and that scrumptious cock, she thought. He tugged on his shorts and looked at her for direction.

"The ranch house is just over that hill. I figured it's easier to let you put on your pants than it is to explain why I'm marching a naked man through the fields," she replied to his unasked question. "Go on," she said as she pointed with the gun barrel.

Seth marched to the top of the hill and stopped. He had been excepting a typical Colorado ranch house and was stunned to see the huge stone mansion rise up to greet him. He looked at her with wide eyes, and she just pointed the gun to indicate that he needed to keep walking. Seth approached the huge, ornate iron gate and saw the large brass "F" at its top. He turned to look at the woman.

"What's your name?"

"Why do you need to know, pervert? Going to add me to your MySpace peeper page?"

"No! I'm really not a peeping tom." She stared at him and raised her eyebrows. "Okay. I was spying on you, but that was different." She crossed her arms, wrinkled her brow and gave him an explain-that-to-me look. "What I mean is I'm not some creep who scours the countryside looking for naked women to spy on. You're just ... Jesus ... you're so beautiful, I couldn't help myself." She tilted her head, squinted her eyes and gave him an is-that-the-best-you-can-do look. He stared into her eyes and momentarily got lost in them. She had blue-green eyes unlike any he had never seen. When the sun shined directly into them, they looked green, but in the shade, a pronounced bluish tint filtered into them. Fuck, the closer I get the more beautiful she is.

"So, that's it? That's your explanation?"

Her words broke his trance, and he jumped. "No! I ... Look ... I don't have a defense other than the truth. You are the most stunningly beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life." The more he talked, the stupider he felt, but he continued. "I've been running up that mountain and having lunch in that same spot for years. You're the only other person I've ever seen anywhere close. When you ... uhm ... went ... uhm ... swimming, I was ... I don't know ... I couldn't take my eyes off of you ..." he stammered, searching her face and hoping she would interrupt him and put him out of his misery. No such luck -- she just continued to stare. He hung his head and added, "I can't explain it any better. I'm terribly sorry, and I feel like a creep. I just hope that maybe if you get to know me you'll forgive me ... a little."

As she watched him, she could tell he was speaking from his heart. Listening to him try to explain his overpowering attraction to her made her feel warm inside, but she didn't want him to know -- not yet anyway. So, she rolled her eyes in mock disgust, turned to lead her horse into the barn and said, "You're pathetic."

"I am pathetic. Hey ... wait! You never told me your name."

She turned to him and said, "Molly Fournier."

Fuck! "I thought that must be you ..." He said to her back as she entered the barn.

"Can I groom him?" Molly stopped again and turned to look at Seth. "I love Andalusians. Please?" He asked. Molly studied his face to judge if this was a ploy to get on her good side. The request seemed innocent, so she walked over and handed Seth the reins. He smiled broadly.

Seth walked the horse into the barn, surveyed all the empty stalls and asked, "It's this one, right?"

Molly cocked her head to one side and answered, "Yes. How did you ...?"

"Simple," he answered as he walked the house into the stall marked "Meilleur Ami." "I watched you with him for three days. 'Meilleur Ami' ... Best Friend. It wasn't hard to figure out. What do you call him for short?"

"Ami," she answered slowly. Seth surprised Molly, keeping her off-balance, and that rarely happened to the formidable Molly Fournier. "So, how does a peeper know so much about horses?"

"Ouch!" he said in reaction to the peeper label. She wasn't smiling, so he continued, "My uncle used to own a ranch, and it was my second home growing up. I couldn't wait to get there every morning when school was out. I never minded the scut work. I just loved being around the animals. I'm actually hoping to get into vet school and become a large animal vet so I can work with the farmers and ranchers around here."

She was fascinated at how he handled Ami and how comfortable Seth was. Ami treated Seth as if he was an old family friend. "What an incredible animal! How long have you had him?" Seth asked.

"He was born here. Father raises Andalusians. He likes to show them, but when I met Ami, I knew I had to have him for my own. He's like my big brother. I know he'd fight off a herd of wild coyotes for me, but he's so gentle and playful. I don't get out here nearly as much as I want. But, whenever I walk into this barn, he whinnies, stamps his feet and gets so excited to see me. He's like a big kid." Her face finally dissolved into a wide smile as she talked about Ami. Seth stopped brushing the animal and smiled at look of pure joy on her face.

"Yeah, I know. People who haven't been around horses don't realize how social they are. I like pretty much any animal, but horses and dogs are at the top of my list," Seth said.

"Do you have horses?" Molly asked.

Seth's face fell and he sighed. "No. Not since Uncle Alex sold the ranch. I used to have a quarter horse named, Temple. We didn't own her. Uncle Alex did, but he let me treat her as if we did own her. She considered me her property too ... kind of like Ami does with you. She could be lazily eating hay, but as soon as my bike came into view, she'd start galloping around the pen." He stopped and swallowed hard. He tried to pretend he got something in his eye so he could secretly wipe away a tear, but Molly saw the tear anyway.

The more she watched Seth's easy gentle manner and listened to the sincerity in his voice, the more her heart melted. Molly was an heiress to an incredible fortune. Her grandfather had started Fournier wineries in Bordeaux, and her dad, Pierre Fourier, had developed the company into a multinational conglomerate of wines and spirits. He had even added some high-tech investment to the family portfolio and had amassed a fortune now estimated at $1.2 billion. Molly and her step-brother Erick were the sole heirs. They had been brought up in such luxury and privilege that royalty and business barons were her everyday friends. This Colorado ranch hand was so different she was becoming intrigued. There was something so sweet and simple about Seth that she couldn't help but be drawn to him.
