 She stood there motionless. Her nude body reflecting the light that flowed in through the windows. Shadows cast angles under her chin and breast. Her muscles ached from the pose she'd held so long. Beads of sweat trickled off her nipples and down her flat belly. Moving just her green eyes, she glanced at the man sitting just 10 feet in front of her. His balding head moved back and forth behind the canvas. Flesh colored paint covered his jeans. His barefeet gripping the wooden floor.  

Standing there waiting, Kim began to wonder what the finished creation would look like. Nothing slutty she hoped. She'd taken this sitting for the money it offered. With that sum she could buy textbooks for the next semester and have a little left over for food. Medical school was expensive to say the least. Grants and student loans had helped. But she still needed the income that sittings like this brought in.  That's why she did these sittings. 

Artist were strange people at best, but this guy seemed even stranger. Kim thought back to the initial meeting with Ron. He seemed pretty normal at the time. Sitting in the booth, sipping coffee and showing her his portfolio, he seemed no different than other artist she'd posed for. The fact that he sold alot of his work impressed her even more. That's why he offered the sum he did for two days of posing. He'd said he wanted to do something different. Something bewitching and surreal. A painting that you felt in more places than just the mind. 

Watching Ron stand and stretch behind the canvas, Kim knew it was getting time for a break. Not moving a limb, she sat still as the dust in the streaming sun drifted over her lean body. Moving her eyes to the wall, noticing the unsold paintings, Kim was impressed at the completed works. A small child holding a daisy in the park, a scene of New York during the rush hour highlighting a lone woman. All painted with bold strokes, each showing innocence and beauty. 

"Okay, take ten."

Moving her limbs, Kim stretches in the sun. Turning to watch Ron staring at his canvas, his brushes gripped in his mouth, Kim reaches and grabs her robe. Slipping her arms into the cotton fleeced robe, Kim turns and walks toward the painting.

"So, can I see yet? This is the last day you know."

Ron raises his head and looks at Kim. His blue eyes seeming to stare beyond her. 

"No, not yet. We've still got hours to go before it's done." 

Pouring herself a cup of tea, Kim glances around the room again. Visions of how Ron sees the world covers the walls. Paintings of innocence are few, those of seduction are more rampant. Wrapping her robe tightly around her thin frame, Kim stretches her legs as she walks along the borders of the room.

"Ron, let me ask you something if you don't mind?"

Ron looks up from the canvas as he walks away. 

"Okay, ask away."

Kim cocks her head to one side and turns to look at her employer.

"Most of your paintings are abstract. That's popular today. Why change to something surrealistic?" 

Ron takes the brushes and slips them into the glass of turpentine. Shaking his head, his hand moves over his balding scalp.

"Well, it's like this. To many artist abstract are commercialized.  It's been that way since the 50's at least. Something that is surreal and grabs the body, not just the mind. That is where art is going now.. And trust me, this painting is going to grab more than just the mind."

Turning to look at Ron, his head glistening under the light, Kim arches an eyebrow. 

"I'm not going to be some slut in someone's dream am I? I mean, this all looks cheap to me. No lights, no background. Not like what I'm use to."

Ron grabs a glass of tea and smiles. 

"No, not a slut. But in their dreams? Well, that's a possibility. As for the lights and background, let the others use those. I don't create my scenes the way some artist do. Let the sun give me shadows, I'll adjust. At least it's natural."

Kim sips her tea as she turns back to the paintings. A possibility? Hmmmmm, that could be interesting. Not a good way to start you're career as a physician, but who's going to see it anyway? And if anyone did, would they recognize her? Looking up at a painting, Kim doubted it. 

"Okay, breaks over. Let's get back to it."

Kim took another sip of tea as she let the robe drop over the bench. Moving her body to the stool, she took up the pose again. Her long brunette hair flowing over her pale shoulders. Her left hand pressed against her thigh as her right hand pressed against her firm belly. She raised her left leg to support her high heel on the stool. Letting the right leg hang loosely, she spread her thighs apart, revealing her trimmed pussy. Turning her head to the left, she stared into the windows. The sun once again moving over her body as it cast it's shadows.

Ron, nodded with satisfaction at the pose. Reaching down, he grabbed his brushes. 

"Now, it's time to paint the real picture."

Arching an eyebrow, Kim dared not to move. Her body firm and set in the afternoon sun. Moving her eyes, she watches Ron grab his brushes and palette.

"Okay Kim, now comes the ending. I need to paint the tones on your body before the sun sets. Just be still and this won't take long."

Kim moves her eyes to Ron. Watching him dab his brush into the tanned paint she tightens her muscles. Moving her eyes rapidly around the room she tries to ignore the brush as it strokes under her breast.

Moving her eyes to watch Ron, Kim shudders under the touch of the camel haired brush. Feeling her nipples grow hard, she releases the air in her lungs with a gasp. Sinking back into her train of concentration, Kim wonders why the brush excites her. Her mind goes back to school. Struggling to concentrate on the lessons.

Trying to ignore the slow strokes of the brush under her breast, Kim looks around the room. Moving her eyes back to Ron, working his brushes under her breast, Kim moans.  Ron raises his head and smiles. 

"It's okay. I'm going to capture the shadows on your thighs before the sun goes down."

Kim feels her thighs tighten as Ron tells her his plans. Her trimmed pussy working it's muscles as she thinks about the brush stroking her. 

Setting as still as a statue, Kim feels the tip of the brush moving over her nipples. Slowly her ass begins to move against the seat of the stool. Beginning to squirm from the brushes caress, Kim feels her juices begin to flow onto the seat. 

"Oh my God!" 

Ron reaches down and spreads Kim's thighs. Taking the brushes, he paints the toned colors leading up to her thighs.

Kim moans as each stroke caresses her skin. Feeling the wetness of the paint, the tip of the brush against her skin, Kim's body begins to move with each stroke of the brush. Moving her hand over Ron's balding head, Kim moans as the brush strokes closer to her pussy.

"Stop Ron, please. If you don't I'm going to cum."

Watching Ron's hands, Kim eyes them stroking her thighs faster with the brushes. Strokes moving up her thighs with colors of the flesh entice her body to shudder. She quivers under the touch of the brush moving faster up her thighs.  Moving her hips with the rhythm of the brush, Kim opens her legs to Ron. It's been too long. Her body releases her pleasure to the artist.

Opening his mouth, Ron moves his tongue over Kim's exposed lips. Feeling his tongue, Kim grabs Ron's head and forces it between her opened thighs. Moving his tongue up and down the length of her pussy, Kim moans and grinds her hips into Ron's face. Like the brush that was caressing her thigh, Kim moans under the touch of Ron's tongue flicking her swollen clit.  Arching her back, and forcing her hips forward Kim screams with pleasure.

"Yessssssssss."

Kim spreads her legs wider as Ron's tongue moves deeper insider her pussy. Curling inside her, licking against her wet walls, Ron flicks his tongue in and out of Kim's dripping cunt. Kim grinds her wet pussy against Ron's face. The colors of the paint mixing with his graying beard, his bald head sweating as he licks faster and deeper. 

Feeling her orgasm about to explode into Ron's mouth, Kim screams.

"I'm cummmmminggggg!" 

Kim feels Ron's tongue move deeper insider her as she screams. Fighting the orgasm, Kim arches her back against the stool and takes Ron's tongue deep inside her. Gripping her thighs against Ron's face, Kim feels her pussy explode around his seeking tongue. Kim's hands move over her painted nipples as Ron sucks her orgasm inside his mouth.

Feeling the paint on her thighs mix with her cum, Kim pulls Ron up to her mouth. 

"Let me taste myself. Let me taste what a woman's cum is like."

Moving his open mouth over her breast, Kim pulls Ron to her lips. Their tongues dancing inside each other's mouth, their lips pressing tighter. Kim moves her tongue around Ron's lips. Tasting and licking her own cum. 

Reaching down, Kim grabs his enlarged cock and moves it against her swollen lips. Spreading her thighs, the cum soaked paint dripping down her legs, Kim smiles at Ron.

"Make this surreal. Fill me with your dream."

Grabbing Kim by the hips, Ron thrust his swollen cock deep inside her pussy. Moving her hips against his, Kim opens her thighs and takes Ron deep. Like the stroke of an artist, Ron's enlarged cock spreads Kim's pussy wider. Opening up new pleasures she's never experienced. 

Kim tightens her muscles around Ron's cock.  Feeling it go deeper with each thrust, she moves her hips in rhythm with his. Moving her head forward and looking down, Kim watches the paint run down her body. With each stroke, the sweat seeps out of her body. With each thrust, her orgasm comes closer. 

Feeling her trimmed pussy grip Ron's cock, Kim arches her back and releases herself to the pleasure of being painted. Digging her nails into his back, Ron continues to thrust in and out of Kim's tight pussy. Grabbing her tight ass in his paint stained hands, Ron drives his cock harder inside. Screaming from the orgasms, Kim tightens her muscles around Ron's cock. Feeling Ron's body began to shake in the grip of her pussy, Kim works her muscles harder against his cock. 

Ron's hands dig deeper into her ass, pulling Kim's hips closer. Kim thrust her hips faster, taking Ron's throbbing cock deeper with each stroke. 

Without warning, Kim feels Ron release his warm cum inside her. Using her tight muscles, Kim grips Ron's cock and sucks the warm jism inside her. Rocking her hips back and forth, Kim takes the spurts of cum into her pussy. Sitting there with her legs wrapped around Ron, Kim raises her head and looks into his eyes. Moving a hand through her long hair, Ron stares back into those green eyes.

"Want to see the finished painting?"

Kim raises an eyebrow and digs her nails into his back. 

"You mean it's done?" 

Moaning from the claws, Ron shakes his head. 

"Yep, I finished it a couple hours ago. I just didn't want to see you leave."

Jumping up from the stool, Kim grabs her robe and stares at Ron. 

"You fucking bastard. You had this all figured out didn't you? That painting on my body. That was all a part of your frigging game. What we just did meant nothing to you, did it?"

Standing before Kim, her robe wrapped tightly around her.  Ron lowers his head and moves to the painting. 

Grabbing a corner of the cloth, Ron throws back the cover to the painting. 

"There, if you think this was a game, judge me by the way I see you."

Watching Ron move away from the finished art, Kim wraps the robe tighter around her. Moving towards the painting, her sweating body draped in the terry cloth gown, Kim's eyes widen as she sees the finish painting.

Her mouth moving with no sound escaping, Kim looks at Ron. 

Ron looks over his shoulder at Kim and moves to the painting. Grabbing another robe, he wraps his older body tight.

"This is how I see you. Surrealistic, like a dream. Floating in my mine, ever since I met you. Seductive, to the point of painting you every night."

Kim moves her hand over her mouth. There before her is a woman on canvas. The body formed perfectly in the shadows. Her long brown hair draped over her shoulders. Her pale body, soaking in the sun. Her long, muscular legs stretching for freedom. But over her shoulder is a hand. A paint stained hand holding a brush. Dripping with blood. Giving life or death to it's model. 

Moving to the studio door, Ron turns the bolts. Reaching over he grabs his sculpting tools. 

Backing away, Kim begins to scream. But no one hears. The true artist creates life after all. Giving life or death to his model, Ron advances towards her.