 If you are a frequent flyer on long haul flights like me, it does tend to become a drag. I was booked on such a flight again, 9 hours of sitting amongst a bunch strangers, with nothing better to do but watch boring movies or trying to sleep in the most uncomfortable chairs designed by man. As usual this was a night flight.

I was doing my usual before the flight, sitting in the smoking lounge, having a beer and last cigarette. Just idly watching the crowds milling around the airport. Every now again a lovely woman would catch my eye, but otherwise not much else.

At last I was in my seat, aisle seat as always, I like to stretch my legs. The two seats next to mine were still empty, the middle and window seats. I was patiently waiting for these passengers to arrive so that I could strap myself in and relax.

I spotted a sexy young thing walking up, dressed in short mini skirt and tight top that showed off a nice pair of tits. Behind her was an elderly lady. The young woman, I guess early twenties, stopped at my row and then indicated to the old lady that these were their seats. Fuck, I could hardly believe my luck. The woman then stretched up to put their bags in the overhead locker. As she lifted her arms, the mini-skirt followed and got a good look at a pair of pale yellow panties that showed her bush clearly to my astonished eyes. I could clearly see how the hair was being flattened by the sheer material. My cock immediately sprang to attention. I could just make out the squashed pussy lips at the bottom.

In the few seconds that it took for her to stow the bags, the image was burned into my mind. I looked up, past the two baseball size tits to her face. She smiled and indicated that they wanted to sit down. I felt my face turn red hot for being caught in the act. I mumbled a "sorry" and got up so that they could take their seats; it was a bit awkward, me with a huge hard-on. Much to my disappointment, the young woman took the window seat, leaving the old lady next to me. We politely said "hello" and took our seats. "Oh well" I thought, at least I have the image of a young pussy in see-through panties to keep my mind occupied. I could swear I saw her nipples growing as I was looking up.

As soon as the seatbelt lights were switched off, the old lady indicated that she needed to get up. "Swell, the old lady has a weak bladder on top of it all" I thought. Both of them left for the toilets and I was switching between the channels to see if there was anything worth watching.

They came back and all of a sudden they swapped seats. The young woman must have seen the puzzled expression on my face, "My gran doesn't like flying, but likes to sit at the window if she does, but not during take-off and landing," she said. With that the ice was broken and we started chatting. I discovered that her name was Lisa; she was 21 and studying marine biology. When she found out that I was working offshore, we really had something to chat about. She also told me that her gran took a sleeping pill in the toilet and that she would soon be out for the count. I didn't know what she meant then.

After dinner and some drinks we both sort of became quiet and started doing our own thing. I ordered another wine and settled down to watch a movie. I was stealing glances at her mostly uncovered legs and tight titties, that was until she put the blanket over herself. I did the same as the aircon was pretty cool. At least I could rub my cock under cover while fantasising about the pussy in the yellow panties inches from me. I swear I could smell it, I was so horny by then.

My movie must have been halfway through and I was about to order another wine. I glanced across at Lisa and it looked like she must have taken a sleeping pill as well. "Oh well, not much happening here," I thought and proceeded to get another wine. But the image of the flattened pubes kept coming back to me. I wondered if she took a pill and if she would wake up if I had to give her panty a stroke. Sanity prevailed and I continued with the movie and my fantasy.

I nearly kicked the tray table and seat in front of me off its brackets when I felt a hand on my thigh. I did not see the movement from her side as she slid her hand onto my leg. She moved her head towards my ear and whispered, "I have always liked older men and it has been a big fantasy to do it on a plane." I thought I was dreaming and looked towards her, only to be surprised by her luscious lips on mine. My cock was trying to do summersaults in my pants.

We locked lips for while and I then quickly gulped down the rest of my wine and stowed the tray table. We lifted the arm-rest between us and started kissing again. Her tongue was probing at my mouth and I opened my lips to the invader. She eagerly explored the inside of my mouth with her tongue until we started a tongue-wrestle. She tasted so sweet and I could hear her breathing getting shallower.

Her hand then started its journey upwards until she found my rock-hard bulge. There was a sudden intake of her breath as she explored the outline of my hardness through my jeans. I put my hand on her leg and slowly moved towards dreamland, the pale yellow panties. She opened her legs slightly to give my hand more room and all of a sudden I could feel the coarseness of her pubic hair through the thin material. As I moved my fingers downwards, I could feel the moistness through her panties.

She was pressing harder and harder on my cock and then franticly tried to get my jeans open. We stopped kissing as I undid the button and pulled the zipper down. The only thing holding my hard-on in check was my underpants, but there was not a lot I could do about getting them down. She was wriggling in her seat and the next thing; she held the yellow panties up to my nose. I could smell the sweet smell of her sex. I nearly came right there and then.

We then tried to get into the best position to kiss and fondle each other. She had her legs spread as wide as the space between the seats would allow and I did the same. Kissing was a bit of a mission, as we had to contort a bit to do so. Her tongue was exploring the inside of my mouth and I swear she was licking my tonsils, she had it in so far.

Her hand found my cock and pulled it free from the restriction of my underpants. It felt cool on my hot flesh and she started moving her hand slowly up and down. Then she went back to the head and play with the sensitive part just underneath the head. I was holding my breath from pleasure and from stopping my cum erupting all over her hand. She then moved to the tip and lightly played in my dick-hole with her nail. I was ready to scream and cream.

I, in the meantime, found her honey-pot. To my surprise, she was clean shaven below, with a tuft of hair above her juicy pussy. I ran my finger lightly up and down her lips and could feel them getting more and more moist. As I applied a bit more pressure, my finger easily slipped in between her pussy lips. She was wet and ready. I then proceeded to slowly finger her pussy.

We must have both been panting like steam trains by then, but we couldn't care less. I was already oozing pre-cum and Lisa proceeded to rub it onto my already quivering cock. It felt so good, feeling her hand, slick with pre-cum, gliding up and down my rock hard meat stick. I lifted my hips and pulled my jeans and underpants down to my knees so that she could get hold of the whole package.

I moved my hand from her wetness and pushed it underneath her tight top. There I discovered a handful of soft, firm boob flesh, tipped by an already hard nipple. I flicked it with my finger and then pinched it softly between thumb and forefinger. I could hear her breathing change once again. I moved my hand back to the sopping pussy to gather some juices and then rubbed this all over her hard nipple. It actually grew even bigger under my palm.

She was speeding up her movements on my cock and I had to stop her, I was damn near shooting my load. She realised that then and then moved her hand down and cupped my balls. I spread my legs as far as the jeans around my legs would allow and she started playing with my nuts. When she moved her hand down to the bottom of my balls and came back up using her nails, I had to put the blanket between my teeth to stop from screaming with pleasure.

My hand had moved south again and slowly I moved my finger from the bottom of her pussy until I found the little man in the boat. Only, he wasn't so little any more. I softly started playing with her clit and she tried to open her legs even wider. All of a sudden I felt her hand tighten on my balls. I quickly stopped what I was doing, as I realised that she was close to cumming and then she would crush my nuts. We broke apart and just sat there for a moment.

The air hostess came past and we each ordered another wine, face all flushed, but thank goodness the lights were switched off by then. I think the air hostess must have smelt something, she looked at us with a knowing smile, or maybe I was just feeling paranoid. As we sipped our wines, she was gently caressing my cock, while I was rubbing her soft, wet pussy lips with my finger.

I then dipped my finger all the way into her moist hole and then brought my finger to my mouth and licked it clean. The taste of her juices mixed with the wine tasted like nectar. "I want to taste you too," she said and before I knew what was happening, she handed me her glass and ducked her head under the blanket. How the fuck she got there, I don't know, the space was so small. The next thing I felt was her licking my swollen head, poking the tip of her tongue into my pee-hole. I just sat back with the two glasses in my hands, enjoying the sensation.

I could feel her mouth opening and slowly take my head into her warm, wet mouth. She started swallowing me, centimetre by centimetre. All I could do was to close my eyes and try not to shoot my load. Then Lisa started moving her head up and down, from the tip of my cock to my balls, all 6½ inches. After a few minutes of her bobbing her head up and down, I needed her to stop. I leaned down and told her so, but she just went: "uh uh." The vibrations from her mouth made it even worse and I told her again to stop. She did the same, only louder this time. This was enough to break the dam wall. I pushed down on her head and lifted my hips. She realised what was happening and started sucking harder and "mmm-ing" on my cock. I started bucking my hips and erupted. Lisa bravely swallowed as fast as I was jetting into her mouth. I could feel some of the cum leaking onto my balls as her mouth filled up.

After a good few squirts, I was spent and removed my hands, still holding the wine, from her head. She emerged from under the blanket, smiling and licking her lips. There were traces of cum on her chin where it overflowed. She leaned over to kiss me and I licked her chin clean and we swapped the cum between us. "That tasted heavenly, but now I want to feel your cock in my pussy," she breathed in my ear.

I looked around and saw that the other passengers were either sleeping or were deeply engrossed in the little screens in front of them. Luckily the seats across the aisle from me were empty, I am sure these passengers would have noticed something was going on.

"Come, let's go to the toilet," she said.

"What about the hostess?"

"She won't be back until breakfast," Lisa told me.

"But they do check the toilets every twenty minutes or so."

"Don't worry, I won't last twenty minutes," Lisa smiled.

I didn't need much convincing, as you can imagine and pulled my pants back up. I got up and went towards the toilets, looking back, saw that Lisa was still sitting there, but she waved me away. So I went into the toilet and closed the door. "Fuck, this place is small," I thought. Suddenly I heard a knock on the door. "It's me," I heard her whisper from outside. I eagerly opened the door and Lisa squeezed past me into the toilet. I quickly looked out, but the coast was clear and I locked the door.

As I turned around, Lisa had sat herself on the basin, legs spread wide. For the first time I had a good look at her young, juicy pussy. The lips were not very big and were slightly open. I could see them glistening with pussy juice. I immediately fell to my knees and buried my face in her crotch. The first thing that hit me was the sweet smell of her pussy. I inhaled deeply and I could feel my cock stirring again.

I slowly started kissing the insides of her thighs and moved closer to her moist lips. When my mouth got there, I opened it wide over her whole cunt and gave a nice suck. With my tongue, I parted the two soft lips and started licking up and down her slit. Every time I got to her clit, I would stop and suck it into my mouth and flick it with my tongue. Lisa was moving closer to the edge, trying to get more of her pussy into my mouth. I knew she was close and then started seriously on her clit with the flat of my tongue. She was grinding her clit onto my tongue and her hips were in the air. All of a sudden I heard her breathe in and then she squashed her cunt against my mouth. I kept a steady pace on her clit with my tongue as she came and came against my mouth. When she eventually stopped trembling, my mouth and chin was drenched with her sweet juices.

We kissed and she licked my chin clean this time. Fuck, she tasted good. My cock was screaming for attention and I dropped my pants to ankles. I turned her around and she bent down over the toilet. Never had I seen such and inviting sight as that wet pussy winking at my cock. I didn't hesitate and rammed myself all the way onto her sopping cunt in one movement. She went "ahh," but pushed back hard against my rod. I slowly started to fuck her, but she looked at me and said: "I want it hard."

Never one to argue with a pretty lady, much less so with one that has my dick in her. So I started ramming her pussy. I was sure the pilots could hear my hips smacking against her ass-cheeks. Lisa was diddling her clit while I was pumping away. Not long and I could feel my balls tighten. "I am going to cum," I said and she just picked up the pace with her hips and finger. With one final shove I pushed into her as my cock unleashed the second load of cream in ten minutes. This felt even better than the one before and I just pumped and pumped into her wetness. I could feel her pussy walls contracting as she joined me. Eventually my knees were quivering so much that I had to stop and pull my semi-rigid tool out of her flooded cunt. Lisa also turned around and collapsed on the toilet seat.

We stayed like that for a few minutes and then I bent down and gave her a deep kiss. "Welcome to the mile-high club," I said. She just laughed and then sighed a very contented sigh. I cleaned myself up, unlocked the door and made sure the coast was clear. "See you at the seat," I said and left. After a few minutes, Lisa was back in her seat too.

"Thank you," she said.

"No, thank you!"

I decided that I won't be able sleep and ordered another wine and Lisa joined me. We chatted about nothing while sipping our wines, when suddenly Lisa took my hand and put it between her legs again. "Just play with me for while," she whispered. So, who am I to say no and proceeded to fondle and stroke her smooth, soft flesh. She put her head back and closed her eyes. I eventually finished my wine and heard Lisa softly snoring. I took the wine glass from her hand, finished it (never one to waste, that's me) and put it away. With hand still on her soft pussy lips, I also fell asleep.

We woke up when the lights went on and the breakfast trolleys started coming out. Lisa's gran also woke up and the two of them went to the toilets again. While they were away, I found Lisa's yellow panties on the seat and shoved it into my pocket, meaning to give it back to her when they return. They swapped seats again however, so no chance of that then.

Not long after breakfast we landed. I got up and got their bags down, didn't want to give the other passengers a heart attack with Lisa stretching up, knickerless. When I handed her the bag, I told her about the panty, but she just smiles and said: "Keep it and remember me." A last quick brush of lips and she was gone.

As I left the plane, the air hostess beamed at me and said: "Be sure to cum back and fly with us again," or was I imagining it? I still have my Mile-High Club prize and use it when I am in need and alone. I can still see the contents of those pale yellow panties in front of my eyes.