 She was angry. She had been waiting for nearly a half hour for him to arrive. Tardiness had never been something she could never tolerate. She had told her boss she had a doctor's appointment and would be gone for a couple of hours just to sneak away and meet him, and he was late. Well, she thought, that's just his loss. Even if he shows up now, he isn't going to get anything from me. He's made me wait, he can just do without.

Just then, his car drove up. He climbed from the drivers seat and came around to her door and said "Oh, God, I'm so sorry I'm late, but traffic was terrible, I was sitting still on the interstate for 45 minutes. Please, forgive me, I know your time is short."

She turned cold, burning green eyes on him and said "Well, you just blew it, because I've changed my mind. There'll be nothing going on between us today, or any day. I can't stand it when someone is late." 

He said nothing, just stared into her eyes and took her hand, raising it gently to his lips, kissing it lightly. "I'll make it up to you, I promise."

They were in a very secluded area of the park, where nobody could see them. He opened her car door and reached in to pull her out. "No!," she nearly shouted. "You will not touch me, I've changed my mind. Have you?," he whispered . . . and the next thing she knew she was pulled against him, his arms around her like steel bands, and his mouth was taking possession of hers. She pushed against his chest with both hands as hard as she could and struggled against him to free herself.

When he let her mouth free she said "Let me go." He just chuckled. He looked down into her eyes, noting they had slightly darkened with the dawning of passion, and just before he took her mouth again, said "Your mouth says no, but your eyes and body said you want me to take you, by force if I have to, and I'm prepared to do that." His mouth crashed down on hers, almost savagely possessing it. His tongue forcing her lips to part and allow entry to his as he probed every part of her mouth. Tasting, questing, making love to her mouth with his.

She managed to pull away, and said "So, you're telling me you're prepared to rape me?" He chuckled deep in his throat and said "It won't be rape, you're willing. You've been seducing me for months with your tantalizing emails and talk of sex, I know you want me."

"No!" She cried, "I don't want you, no, I don't."

He had held her in such a vice like grip she had not noticed that he had unbuttoned the back of her blouse and had uncovered her upper torso down to the lacy white bra she had chosen so carefully that morning, chosen it to entice him, chosen it to make him ache for her. He was pulling her skirt up, and suddenly stopped. He'd discovered she was wearing a white lace thong and lace topped stockings. Again, she had planned this to arouse him. He grunted. It worked. She could feel his hardness pressing against her. She struggled to free herself, but it only made the yearning in his loins more evident to her. 

He put his lips close to his ear and whispered "Don't fight me, you're going to love it. You got yourself all dressed up in silky slinky sexy clothes for me. That tells me you want me."

He held her against the side of the car with one arm, and managed the hooks of her bra with the other, pulling her breasts free of its confines. He smiled and said "I remember how you told me you love to have your nipples gently tortured. I'm gonna make you beg me to fuck you."

"Never!" She protested. "You are no gentleman, and I'm insulted."

Just this, his mouth took control of her breast and she gasped. "Mmmmmmmmmmm," he said. "Just as sweet as you led me to believe." Her body jerked in response, betraying her lust for him. That low, growling chuckle infuriated her. She scratched at him, trying to pull away, which only increased the erotic things his mouth was doing to her. 

"Go ahead and fight me then, you little wildcat." He almost sang the words. His hands were working under her skirt, cupping her buttocks and pulling her hard against him. Her back was leaned up against the cool metal of the car. "Feel how much I want you?" He demanded. "Tell me you want me that much too. Tell me!!"

"No," it was nearly a whisper. His mouth had returned to her breasts, he was biting the nipples, one at a time, moving from one to the other, stretching each one out with his teeth until it popped free, then ministering to the other. His hand had reached her mound and was caressing it, kneading it just above her chit. Teasing. 

"MMMMMMmmmmmmmmmooooooohhh" He heard it come from deep within her throat. He laughed, and inserted his finger into her hot wet cunt. "yesssssssss, mmmmmmmmmm." she moaned. He started fucking her with his finger, never taking his mouth from her breast. He caught her nipple in his teeth and hissed around it "yessssssss, thatsthe way, fuck my finger." Her hips were responding in a savage manner, her breathing was labored. He released her breast and spun her around, laying her on the hood of the car with his feet between hers on the ground. "Tell me you want me to fuck you." he demanded.

His hands were gripping her hips, and his upper body was pressing against her back, holding her there. "Beg me for it" he said. She just shook her head. He said...."That's ok, you'll be begging me soon enough."

He took her from behind, suddenly, fiercely, impaling her on his hardness, pinning her to the car hood, his mouth next to her ear saying "Ohhhhhh yessssssssss, that's soooo hot and tight. I'm going to fuck you till you loose your mind." And he started the rhythmic thrusting, making a "hummmmmmmm" sound with each stroke. Kneading her buttocks with his hands, kissing her neck, whispering to her "talk to me, tell me you like it, yesss just like that, wiggle your hips so I'll go in deeper and harder, yes fuck me back. yesssssssssssssss."

She moaned, low and long, "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMooooooooo, yesssssssssssss, yessssssssssssssssssssssss"

"Tell me you want it." he said.

"I want it dammit, I want to you fuck me till I cum. Give it to me."

"Beg," he said.

"I'll never begggggggggggggg ooooooooooooo god, yessssssssssssssss right there, right there, mmmmm mmmmmmm mmmmmmm mmmmmmm fuck fuck fuck fuck yes yes yes."

Suddenly, he stopped and withdrew from her. 

She said "No, you don't, that's not fair, you have to finish what you started here."

He laughed at her again and turned her to face him. He said "I intend to, I just want to see your face when you're overcome in climax."

He lifted her up so that her buttocks where just resting on the edge of the hood, wrapped her legs around him, and thrust deeply into her, capturing her nipple with his teeth and biting hard at the same time. She came instantly. Her head fell back, eyes open, mouth gasping for breaths, as the spasms rocked her, one after another. "Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh ohhhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmmm yesssssssssss mmmmmmmmm that's ittttttttttttttt. ffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkk, mmmmmmmmmmmm." She was writhing with pleasure while he hammered her.

Suddenly, he cried "dammmmmmmmmmmmmmm," and she felt his hot, firey flood fill her, he imbedded himself completely and held her tightly, climaxing into her as the last waves and shudders of pleasure left her body. She was spent. He continued to pump his hot load into her, so much that it was running down both their legs. He bit her nipple till it was sooo tender and bruised but she plundered his head and hair forcing him to bite her harder, make it hurt, just a little. She said "I want to still feel you here when I shower. I want to touch myself her and remember the feel of your hot mouth and hard cock." He just chuckled, the sound she had grown to know meant that he was pleased.