 It was early spring, the leaves were just budding on the trees, and the weather still had a bit of a nip in it. The sun was shining though and it seemed like a good day for a drive. He had just cleaned up the car. He liked to call it "his little pony", black mustang convertible, with all the toys to go with it. He stopped to buy her favorite bottle of wine and tucked it in the backseat of the car. 

He drove home and packed the car with a soft blanket, a couple of wineglasses, and a corkscrew. He looked at his watch, it was almost 4:30. If she had left right after school was out, it wouldn't be long until she pulled in his driveway for the weekend. He grinned as he thought of the fiery red haired woman that seemed so docile on the outside. She was all professionalism in public, but when they were alone, she could make him forget that the outside world and all it's troubles ceased to be. A lady on his arm and a lioness in his bed, the rest of the world had no idea what happened behind closed doors. 

He heard the car pull in the drive and walked over to take her in his arms. He smiled at the special treat he had planned for her that evening. 

"Hey, Pretty Lady, how was the drive?" He asked as he gathered her into his arms and gently kissed her neck. 

"Not bad at all, " she answered, "it's been a long week though."

"It's always a long week, without you" he answered. 

"I'll bet you say that to all your girls," she grinned.

"I do, that's why I can say it so well," he quipped back. "So now that you have driven 50 miles, what do you say we go for a drive?"

"How original!, such a novel concept." she answered.

"Come on, Pretty, I've made plans for our rest and relaxation," he opened his car door and helped her in the car. She was still wearing her school clothes, blue skirt, white cotton blouse, sensible shoes. She had on small gold hoop earrings, a watch and no other jewelry. "Tell you what, you lay back and take a nap, I'll wake you when we arrive at our destination."

"Good idea," she said and had drifted off to sleep before he pulled the car out of the driveway.

She awaken when the car stopped 40 minutes later. They were in a rather remote section of a local state park. He got the blanket and other things he had stowed in the car earlier and they walked down a path to a quiet stream. He laid the blanket out, opened the wine and pour each of them a glass and they sat together enjoying the sound of the water moving over the rocks in the stream, the song of the robins and the quiet breeze that made the branches move on the budding trees. 

The wine finished, she lay back on the blanket letting the drowsy feeling that comes with too much wine overtake her. He lay beside her, his hands wandering over her breasts through her clothing. He began to unbutton her blouse. "We can't do that here" she began to say.

He covered her mouth with his and tasted the sweetness of her breath mixed with the wine. His tongue parted her lips and sought hers, He kissed her deeply, a rising passion, mounting in them both.

"Oh yes, we can and we are going to, there is no one else around, and I don't think I'd care if there was. Cause pretty lady, I intend to have you now."

He unbuttoned her blouse revealing a white lace bra that held her breasts high and firm. He could see her pink nipples through the lace and put his mouth to one sucking it until it stood straight up straining to be released from it's bindings. 

He felt her hands at his shirt, as she tried to remove it. 

He stripped off his clothing, his cock erect and ready for her. He moved up so she could take him in her mouth. 

"Suck me, darlin' I've been dreaming about your mouth all week" 

He felt her lips encircle him, the warmth of her mouth and tongue caused his member to jerk and throb for release. Her tongue moved to the head of his cock, tracing the line of skin that was the most sensitive just under the swollen organ. She heard him moan as he held her head between his hands and rocked his hips back and forth moving his cock in and out of her mouth. She sucked, licked, first soft and slow, then harder, changing the movement of her mouth as he fucked her mouth. She stroked his balls with her hands and felt them tense beneath her touch. She could tell he was about to cum and when she knew he was just on the edge she place a finger just inside of his ass and pressed down. 

His cum dripped from between her lips as she tried to lick and swallow, as he watched her she smiled up at him, they were good together. She lay beneath him, still halfway dressed. He wanted to taste her. He unzipped her skirt and helped her wiggle out of it. One more look and he was as hard as a rock again. She was wearing a white lace garter, no panties, and stockings. She knew that he loved it when she dressed ultra sexy under her school teacher clothes. He unhooked her bra, removing it, but left the garter and stockings on. 

He spread her legs apart and moved his head between her thighs. His tongue found her pussy lips and snaked it's way inside. He sucked on her clit. He licked her from front to back, his fingers moving inside of her. He felt her arch against him and heard her cry out his name as her body took control and her orgasm flooded her senses. 

He moved on top of her, his cock sliding inside her like a hand inside a velvet glove. He felt the muscles of her pussy milking his cock, it was like tiny touches every place at once. He had to lay still and recover for a minute or he would have cum from just entering her. She mewed like a kitten as she moved against him. One orgasm flowed into the next for her, never stopping, she was beyond all control.

He couldn't wait any longer, he began to fuck her hard and fast. He heard her as she called "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me" over and over again. He felt her body stiffen and she came hard on his cock. Pumping hard inside of her, he shot his hot cum. He found her lips and kissed her deeply as they found their pleasure in each other. He collapsed into her arms and they lay together in the park, not knowing, not caring if there was another breathing soul in the world.