 There was going to be a major bill to pay at the dry cleaners, but it was definitely worth it. At least that was Cady's thought as she walked back to her car, knees still shaking slightly, heart still racing. She'd lost her bra somewhere in the bushes, and her underwear...well, that had been a lost cause almost from the get-go.

All because of one drink at the company party.

The company was really more of a small-town business, locally owned and operated, specializing in advertising. The party was reward for landing the biggest account to date--stealing, really, since the client had switched from the company's biggest competitor, a firm with over fifty employees, to the much smaller company Cady worked at as a file clerk. Although it was Cady that had been a large factor in the client's decision to switch agencies.

It was clichéd, even Cady could admit it, but the tried and tested approach of an all but naked woman sprawled on the hood of a hot car was definitely a way to sell cars. The larger agency, stuffy and pretentious, was sure that classy, tasteful images were the way to the hearts of the car buyers of the small town that had a population of maybe one-hundred fifty thousand. They forget to take into account the small Southern town mentality, something that Cady's employer definitely hadn't. If there was one thing that Jack Mathers knew, it was the way to get the attention of people, especially men just like him.

Looking at an enormous billboard of a long, leggy, smirking brunette in a bikini that covered the bare minimum was, in Jack's opinion, the surefire way to the hearts of the men of his hometown.

The question, of course, was where to find a woman who would do such a picture on short notice, with no promise of payment. Then Jack happened to look up as Cady bent over to place a file in a bottom file cabinet, and it was like having a V8 moment.

"Cady, would you mind stepping in here, shutting the door behind you?"

Awkward would be one word for the conversation that followed. Although for different reasons for each of them. Awkward for Cady, since she didn't want her boss to ever after remember her as the girl who got all but naked. Awkward for Jack, since he'd already had the mental image of Cady all but naked, and had to make sure the desk hid what the picture did to him.

The photo shoot, if one could call it that, had been done the same afternoon, within three hours of Jack's flash of inspiration. And it had been just as hot, sweaty, and sexy as Jack had promised the car dealership owners it would be. Part of that was because of the weather, pushing ninety even with the sun down. The larger part of all that hot, sweaty, sexiness had been Cady in a white string bikini sprawled across a candy-apple red vintage Mustang.

Jack had been unable to do anything but stand out of the way, and make sure the drool wasn't all the obvious.

He'd always known his file clerk was built, hell, he had eyes. But the company had a strict dress code, and Cady followed it as closely as the others--mostly. Her skirts were always the proper length, even if they were a touch on the tight side. And her blouses, while always properly fitted, always seemed to hint at just a bit of cleavage.

But the body sprawled across Jack's car, his baby rebuilt from scratch, was way beyond anything he'd ever imagined. High, full breasts, as tanned as the rest of her body, nipples pressing against the white fabric barely covering them. Dark hair falling around her shoulders in waves and loose curls, a few locks teasing those gorgeous breasts. Long, lean muscled thighs, tapered calves, slim feet, toes painted to match the car. And her face, smoky, sultry, eyes dark and mysterious, lips red and smirking.

Jack considered it a miracle he didn't shoot off in his pants just watching her move on his car.

The image chosen, one of Cady sitting facing the camera, legs spread, hands planted between them, leaning forward just enough to make you think her breasts were going to spill out of her tiny top, had gone up within a week of the shoot.

The car dealership, when they called to let Jack know that they'd sold a record number of cars that first week, had also told Jack that the entire company was to have dinner on them. Dinner, and many, many drinks.

It was somewhere around her third drink that Cady started noticing Jack noticing her. That dark hair falling over his forehead, fringing those cat-green eyes. His frame, long like hers, lounging in the chair, accepting all the praise being heaped on him. Around her fourth drink, Cady began fidgeting with the buttons of her office approved shirt, her pencil skirt inching higher as she swung her stiletto heel. After her fifth drink, Cady stood abruptly, making her good-byes to her friends. If he followed her, he followed her. If not, well, she had a brand new pack of batteries at home she could break open.

She was halfway to her car when she felt the rough grip on her elbow. Since she'd smelled Jack's cologne a half second before he grabbed her, the zing that shot through her was thrill, not alarm. Cady stopped in her tracks, her heartbeat kicking up, her breathing starting to shallow from sheer anticipation.

"Five minutes to the park."

"The park?"

"Nobody there this time of night. Something tells me you'd enjoy the risk, even if there were a few late night joggers."

Since Cady could already feel her pussy wetting, she couldn't really argue with him.

It took less than five minutes, although Cady almost broke a heel, stumbling, nearly taking Jack down with her, both of them muffling laughter like children. The second time she tripped, Jack let them fall, since they were all but in the bushes at that point. There was no laughter this time, as he grabbed her face and crushed his mouth against hers.

She moaned, the sound muffled by Jack's mouth on hers, their tongues tangling together. Their fingers did the same as they worked the buttons on her blouse, until she pushed his hands away, hers flipping the remaining buttons open in mere seconds. She shrugged the blouse off her shoulders, letting it fall to the ground behind her. With one hand she flicked the front catch of her bra, her breasts spilling free as her bra went the way of her shirt.

Jack wrenched his mouth away from Cady's, turning her head to latch onto her earlobe. When she moaned, he sucked harder, his hands rising to cup and knead her breasts. Those breasts that he'd been fantasizing about for weeks. They were as soft and firm as he'd imagined, and he couldn't help the moan that spilled from his own mouth to echo in her ear. 

For long moments, he contented himself with just that, with kneading those gorgeous breasts while sucking and nibbling her ear. Her perfume, dark and mysterious, wafted around him, until he felt like he'd almost drown in it. Becoming more urgent, he pushed her backwards until she lay sprawled on her back, her skirt bunching up to her waist as she spread her legs and he settled between them. His mouth trailed down her torso, licking and sucking only briefly on her breasts before teasing the waistband of her skirt. His hands pushed her thighs ever so slightly wider, his left hand stroking the lace thong that covered her pussy.

He raised his eyes to meet hers, barely able to see them in the darkness of the bushes. "You're soaking wet." And pulling, twisting, he tore the lace with one hard jerk, before sliding two fingers deep inside her.

Cady arched her back, her hands kneading and pulling at her nipples. Oh, she'd missed this. The difference between masturbating and actual sex was like the difference between hamburger and steak--they both got the job done, but one was so, so much better than the other. And when Jack licked his way down to suck on her clit while sliding and twisting those fingers deep in her pussy, Cady had the crazy thought that there was no way anybody could settle for less than steak.

Jack twisted his fingers left than right, her juices flowing around his fingers and down to his wrists, sinking into the grass underneath. She tasted even better than he would have thought possible, sweet with just a hint of tang, and he licked harder, lapping those juices up. Her pussy muscles clamped hard around his fingers, and he moved to suck on her clit again, harder this time, wanting her to cum hard for him before he sank his cock deep inside her.

Cady bit her lip hard to keep from crying out. Even then, a whimper escaped, spurring Jack on. A third finger burrowed into that tight tunnel, and Cady's left hand slipped from her breasts to claw at the grass. There were stars exploding behind her eyes, and she knew that the grip of her right hand in Jack's hair was bordering on painful. With a strangled moan, Cady arched her back, her pussy muscles clenching hard on Jack's fingers, cumming harder than she had in months.

Jack slid his fingers from her, his grip slick on her thigh. His tongue made lazy swipes, causing her hips to twitch and jump and small whimpers to escape from her lips. His cock was harder than he could ever remember it being, even harder than when he'd watched her writhe on the hood of his car. It was a struggle to undo his belt buckle, his pants. He pushed them down only far enough to free his cock, grinding his teeth at the rush of night air on the sensitive skin. He knew already he wasn't going to last long, but what time he had was going to be well used.

Her hand was twining in his hair, pulling his head up so she could cover her mouth with his. The taste of her juices on his lips had her pussy clenching involuntarily and her fingers flexing in his hair. When she felt the head of his cock slide up and down her pussy lips, she arched her back again, pushing her hips upwards, wanting his cock in her as badly as he did. He held back for a moment, wanting to tease her, but those weeks of fantasizing had his cock pulsing already, and he couldn't wait any longer.

That first, slow slide inside was better than he imagined, better than he could have hoped for. She was tight, and hot, and absolutely dripping wet. He tried to move slowly at first, still trying to make it last, but again, she twitched her hips under him, and instinct took over until he was pounding into her. Sweat rolled down his back, drenching his shirt, sliding down his forehead to drip on her breasts.

Their breathing was ragged, punctuated by moans and gasps. When Cady came again, suddenly, shockingly, she turned her head to bite down on Jack's shoulder. One hand scrambled under his shirt to claw at his back, and she moaned as her head fell back onto the grass.

Jack sped up, his hips ramming into hers, almost violently, his cock beginning that twitch he both wanted and dreaded. Shifting his weight to one elbow, he slid his other hand between their bodies, sliding his fingers around Cady's clit, swollen and slick. Circling it rapidly, occasionally flicking the hard nub, he pushed Cady towards another orgasm even as his cock began to jerk. When Cady gasped his name out, her pussy squeezing his cock tightly, Jack thrust one final time, emptying his load inside her.

For long minutes the only sound in the bushes was their struggle to regain breath, lungs rasping. After a while, Jack slid from Cady's body, rising to his knees to tuck his cock away, doing what he could to straighten his appearance. Cady was slower to move, finally managing to sit up, rummaging around for her blouse, too dazed to remember her bra. Standing, more than a little unsteady on her feet, she pushed her skirt down, running her fingers through her hair. Rough, but it would do to get her back to her car.

She was less than a foot from the bushes when she heard Jack's whisper. "You're working overtime tomorrow, Cady."

Yeah. The dry-cleaning bill was definitely worth it.