 Jane strolled casually through the park, taking in the sights, the smells and the sounds that the place offered. She'd taken to her little walks ever since her parents had started fighting non-stop - she just had to get out.

Today was just like any other spring day in New York - mild, overcast with pollution, but not so bad in the wide expanse of Central Park. It was known as a bad area, but she had her pepper spray, so it didn't particularly phase her.

She'd just sat down to enjoy the lunch she'd packed herself when a boy about her age (18) came barging out of the bushes behind her. Startled, she stood quickly and stared at him. About 6ft tall, attractive with now-messy brown hair, the boy's eyes were punctuated by fear. "You gotta help me!" he panted, obviously out of breath from running. "They're after me!" Jane was about to ask "who", when 2 Black men plunged out of the same thicket the boy had emerged from seconds earlier. The boy moved into an attempt at a fighting stance, but obviously had no idea what he was doing.

One of the boys turned to his companion, looking at Jane, and said in a low voice "Who da fuck is dat?" Jane, having no love for gangbangers and blacks in general, decided to act. Reaching into her purse, she drew out her pepper spray and quickly gave each a squirt to the face. The effect was better than she could imagine. Both of them bolted, disappearing into the distance. The young white-boy eventually wiped the look of amazement off his face and replaced it with one of relief. "Thank you SO much!" he exclaimed. I thought I was dead

"Why were they chasing you?" "I honestly have no clue. Guilty of being white I guess."

"Yeah, you get that", Jane remarked. "Hi, I'm Steffan", the boy stated, taking her hand and shaking it. Normally Jane had a rule about talking to strangers in the park, but this guy seemed okay… and she couldn't deny the strange feelings she felt when she looked him in the eye… "Would you like to join me for lunch?" She said brightly. "How could I turn down an offer like that?" Steffan cheerfully replied.

Well, after talking for a little while, it turned out that Steffan actually lived in the building next to Jane's. Amazed by this coincidence, they spent the rest of the afternoon walking around the park together. Jane couldn't understand the feelings swirling around her head… and not just her head… This boy was doing things to her she'd never felt before… and all he was doing was walking and talking…

Jane didn't have much experience in the opposite sex, as she seldom trusted men living around her area… but she had a fair idea what was going on with her right now…

Steffan stopped and walked over to a nearby bush, and before Jane realised what he was doing, he turned around and offered her the rose he'd just picked. She accepted it, with a smile, and sniffed it. It smelled good, but not as good as Steffan. The brown haired boy took her hand and said, in a sincere voice, " Would you like to go out sometime?" Jane, taken aback, managed to mumble a "Yes.."

Steffan looked into her eyes, and said softly "I don't know what it is about you… but you do something to me…." He trailed off as their lips met… Jane was swept off her feet… she'd never been kissed like this before… soft, but firm, almost urgent… the kiss gained momentum as the couple drifted to the ground… It was getting quite late now, and they were in a little tucked up corner of the park. No one within maybe 500m from their location. They rolled on the soft grass for minutes that seemed like years, their tender embraced complemented by their almost violent kissing...

Jane pulled away from Steffan, sat on the soft, dry grass, and begun to unbutton her blouse. Jane was very proud of her looks… Blonde hair, voluptuous figure, her uncommonly beautiful face sporting the deepest, most beautiful pair of brown eyes Steffan had ever seen. As Jane removed her blouse, his hands went for the two beautiful perfect breasts her sheer undergarment scarcely concealed. He reached behind her and uncoupled the fastener without two much effort, helping her out of the red brassiere. His right hand immediately began to caress her left nipple, while he took the other one in his mouth. She began to breath heavily, panting, letting the occasional little groan escape her beautiful lips.

As soon as she was able to regain control of her limbs, her left hand shot out at his crotch, speedily unzipping his fly and button and reaching in to pull out his rapidly hardening cock. He siged with relief to have his cock out of his underpants, where he was rapidly running out of space. Jane stared at his cock in awe. It wasn't anything massive, but it was well proportioned, and about the perfect size. Big, but unintimidating.

As she began to slowly stroke it, he started to slowly unbutton her jeans. She could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter with anticipation as he began to slide them off.Now there was nothing between them but a pair of rather damp panties. Jane seductively removed them as Steffan stood up, letting his pants drop to his ankles.

He knelt back down in front of Jane, who was sitting down on her blouse and leaning back, with her arms behind her for support and her legs spread slightly. Stef stared at Jane's pussy as she sat up and took his cock in her hand, but abandoned this idea as Stef slowly began to run his hand up janes thigh, slowly getting higher, until she could feel his hands brush against her trimmed, soft downy pubic hair. His hand continued, caressing her outer lips, exploring every region, stopping for a while to pay attention to her clit. Jane was ready to burst, and Stef could see this. He began to slide one finger into the soft, wet folds of her vagina. She had lost her hymen in a horse riding accident many years ago, so it was met with no resistance. as he slid a second finger in, she clamped down on his digits, almost causing him pain.

He slid his fingers all the way in, then withdrew them and licked her juices off them. Her nectar tasted so sweet it was unbelievable. He slid his fingers back in her cunt, and began to pump her fluidly in and out, picking up the pace till his hand was almost a blur, and her breathing was getting ridiculous.

OHHH! she screamed, too loud for Stefs liking but it brought him joy anyway. He continued as Jane's orgasm slowly built up, and then came crashing down in one of the most intense moments of pleasure she had ever felt. She noticed Stefs cock was still standing to attention, and she crawled on all fours to get to it.

Jane pushed steff onto his back playfully, and in a motion that almost caused stef to blow his load there and then, took his cock and sucked it into his mouth. Jane was a natural born cocksucker - she knew exactly what to do as Stef lay back and enjoyed the service. She held his cock at he base, sliding her luscious lips over the head and shaft, her tongue traversing circles around it, licking again and again areas that seemed to bring out a good reaction.

"Please, stop!" Stef pleaded hoarsely. "I can't take much more!' Jane nodded, reached into her purse and produced a condom. Stefs eyes lit up as he took it from her, ripping the packet open and sliding it on his hard cock. Jane again leaned back and opened her legs sensuously, as stef kneeled in front of her, then leaning forward on his knees. He held his cock out, pointed it at her beautiful pink flower and gave it slight pressure. It slipped in easily. The expression on Jane’s face was one of joy, excitement and raw passion all in one.

Steffan began to rock his hips - slowly and slightly at first - then deeper and faster as he got into a steady rhythm. Jane's eyes rolled back into her head as Stef plunged his tool into her tighter than tight hole, moaning and groaning while approaching orgasm at a tremendous speed. "AHH fuck! She cried, as her climax enveloped her in it's full fury. She began to convulse beneath Steffan as he pumped away, barely able to stop himself from blowing his load then and there.

As Jane began to come down, Steffan slowed, lowered his face to hers and kissed her passionately. Neither of them saying a word, Jane moved away from Steffan, and crawled onto her hands and knees, facing away. Steffan stopped to admire this view of her beautifully rounded ass and unabated view of her pussy, then got down on his knees right behind her. Grabbing hold of her hips, he slid his cock in her cunt from behind and quickly sped up to a blinding speed.

Jane began to climax almost immediately, the new, deeper sensation sending ripples of pleasure all the way from her pussy up through her entire body. Stef thrust his cock in and out of her dripping cunt again and again, feeling it tighten through orgasm after orgasm as Jane moaned and groaned. Finally, Jane was enjoying herself immensely. She was just thinking this when she felt a huge powerful orgasm building up. She began to scream "Oh fuck, Oh god, YES!!!". This was too much for Steffan. just as she was hitting her high point, he came with full force, blowing his load deep inside her wet snatch. He began to grunt and moan himself, making Jane come even harder. The two teenagers came together, feeding off each others orgasm. It seemed like it went on and on, Steffan clinging to Jane’s hips as he pumped load after load inside her, Jane thrusting her ass back at him, her cunt convulsing in sweet agony. finally, spent, Steffan slowed and stopped, his still-hard cock remaining inside her till their breathing slowed and they could no longer hear each others heart beats.

Eventually, Steffan slid his softening cock out of her cunt, removed, tied and discarded the condom, and began to put his clothes back on. Jane did the same, they brushed each other off, smiled. and French-kissed for what seemed like an eternity.

"You know there's no one home at my house till after 11 tonight... would you like to come round for dinner?" asked Jane. "That'd be great!" replied Steffan. "It's 3 blocks away from here, we'll be there soon."

To Be Continued...