 I didn't really sleep well last night thinking about Sondra and what I had done. I felt bad and was going to have sex with my wife to try to connect a little but she was busy on one of the popular networking sites posting about her high school or something. I went to bed by myself and she stayed up until midnight or so, probably chatting with an old friend about who knows what.

I tried to focus on work today but my thoughts always came back around to Sondra. Why was I so attracted to this woman who has sex with perfect strangers she met in a park on a bicycle? Should I forget about it and pretend it never even happened? I have to see her again just to see if it clicks again like it did yesterday.

I got home, dinner was not ready, which was getting to be quite a habit with my wife, so I ate a few grapes, checked my email, and waited for my usual time to ride in the park. I suited up, was headed out the door.

My wife asks, "Didn't you just ride yesterday?"

I replied, "Yes, but I feel like riding today. It was a stressful day at work and I need to blow off some steam. This will help."

I don't even know if she heard my answer because she didn't say anything back.

I rode into the park and Sondra was not in place I saw her the day before. I rode down the secluded trail and there she was, waiting by the trail going back to the creek. This time she had a backpack, was wearing some shorts and a black ruffled sleeve shirt. She looked stunning, I don't know why, but I think she was even more beautiful than the day before.

We said our hellos and I locked the bikes to the tree again and we walked down that trail to the same spot.

I asked Sondra, "What's in the backpack?"

She replied, "A towel, a couple of bottles of water, and my cell phone. I got a splinter in my ass from the table yesterday and had a hell of a time digging it out."

We laughed together.

She took the beach towel out of the backpack and covered the table with it. We sat beside each other as we began a more serious conversation.

She started by saying, "I called my husband last night and Dave, I told him I needed some time away." Her voice trembled a bit as she continued, "He freaked out and started yelling, saying I won't get the house, or the car, and he would see to it my membership at the country club was cancelled. It freaked me out because he never once said he wanted to talk about it or anything. I feel kind of rejected. Maybe I deserve it for cheating or something, you know, karma."

I could only say, "I'm so sorry, Sondra. I don't know what to say."

She said, "I'll tell you what, though. You showed me something yesterday that I don't know if it's good or bad. I loved the time we spent together yesterday and wouldn't trade it for anything."

I agreed. We had done a bad thing, but maybe it cleared up the realization that neither of us were happy with our current relationships.

I then told her my story. 

"Sondra," I said, "My wife has become someone I despise and I have hoped she would get the hints I drop but she ignores me. She has gained about 50 pounds in the 5 years we have been married and she started smoking again. She quit when we engaged but started about a year ago when she started running with some old high school buddies. She dropped out of college after we married and now her sex drive is slim to none. I don't mean to be a drama queen but she just doesn't care about me, or even herself anymore."

This is not how I wanted this bike ride to go but when we opened up to each other, I realized we both fell so easy yesterday because our marriages have both lost hope and we needed to know we were still alive.

At that point, she teared up and we embraced. I didn't know if I should kiss her again or if I even wanted to but I was still melting in our embrace.

She started kissing on my neck and left ear. It felt so good. I felt wanted and desired again. Sondra was not rejecting my advances. In fact, she was advancing on me. She jumped down off of the table and put her body between my legs and began kissing me all over. She lifted my shirt up over and off my head. She kissed me all over my chest and belly as I ran my hands through her hair.

She then said, "Stand up for a second."

I stood up and she pulled my bike shorts and boxer briefs down to my ankles, springing my already half erect cock out for a look. She untied my shoes, took them off of me, and placed them on the bench part of the table. She finished removing my shorts and then began kissing me belly again. Her hair was tickling my legs and penis.

She kissed her way down to my waste as she pushed my upper body onto the table and moved farther down. She kissed my inner thighs and then kissed the head of my now hard penis. Then she licked the underside of the shaft starting at the balls and stopped at the head. She teased me like this three more times and finally slowly took the head into her mouth as she looked up into my eyes.

She started bobbing real slow at first, seeing how much she could take in. It felt incredible. I was not a person that could usually cum from head but this wasn't anything like what I had ever felt before. She was probably taking about 4 inches into her mouth while holding onto my hips. She sucked harder, but not so hard as to hurt. She seemed to know exactly how and where to move her tongue on my shaft and I felt the pressure building. My eyes closed and she sucked faster. I warned her that I was going to cum but she kept on going.

I finally began cumming into her mouth as she swallowed it down. I released 3 or 4 times into her throat as she continued to suck and swallow. I had never had a blow job like that and she is one of only two girls that let me cum in their mouth in my entire life. When she finished, she stood up and began taking her clothes off and setting them on the table. She climbed up and straddled my waist and kissed me. I could taste my cum in her mouth and it was starting to get my hard again.

Our tongues seemed to fight each other, wrestling for some prize, and her hands were moving through my hair. She was being really aggressive with me and that was getting me very excited.

She released from my lips and began kissing my left ear and sucking on the lobe. She whispered into my ear, "I have wanted you inside of me all day."

With that, my erection nearly jumped to full attention. I could feel her pussy dripping warm juices onto my lower abdomen as she kissed and sucked my ears and neck. My head with spinning and then she sat up and lifted her right knee up a bit. She guided my erection to her mound and slowly began to take me into her tight body. She was so tight and so wet. 

She warned, "I have to go a little slow. I am sore from yesterday. You are huge, ya know."

I responded, "That's fine, I want this to last."

She put her hands on my hips and began moving up and down, taking more of me into her with each stroke, until she had me all inside of her. She stopped with full penetration and put her hands on my chest. She began lifting up again, fucking me slowly and moaning. I squeezed her breasts and nipples and worked my way up to her hair. She was starting to get into a rhythm and looked down at me and said, "Is this good?"

I replied, "couldn't be better."

The overcast skies at that point decided to release their wetness too and I could hear the rain as it was making its way through the woods. I said, "We're about to get wet."

She questioned," really?"

I said, "Yes, I hear the rain coming."

She said very seductively, "Do you want to stop?"

I smiled and said, "No, I've always wanted to do it in the rain."

She kept the rhythm up and then the rain hit us. I was a nice shower, not a deluge, and it felt really exciting to be there with Sondra, making love while getting washed by nature. Her moaning was becoming more frequent and her pace had become a little faster. I could see the droplets of rain as they bounced off of her shoulders and arms. Streams were running down her body and dripping onto me. Her hair was getting soaked and also started dripping onto my chest and stomach.

The sensation of the cold rain and my cock driving into her hotness was bringing me to the edge again. I tried to relax and not cum again until she was but I could not control it. Luckily, my throbbing filled her tightness even more and she began to cum. She threw her head back with the rain bouncing off of her face and increased the pace while her legs trembled. I released into her as my head was spinning out of control and I could not hold back my own orgasm. She came for what seemed like a minute and slowed down her pace when she was done. I was completely spent at that point.

She said, "I felt you cum in me. It felt better than yesterday. It felt like I could have cum all day with you cumming in me."

I added, "Yes, it felt really good. I wish I could be in you all day."

She lay onto my body and I rubbed her back and held her tight. The rain had let up a bit and now was just sprinkles. We stayed like that until my erection had finally gone down so much that her tightness forced it out of her. She said, "Oh," like she was disappointed and stuck her bottom lip out.

I said, "Sorry, I have never been this excited before and I am having a hard time controlling it."

She said, "That's fine, we need to go before we get caught doing this here anyway. Oh, and any splinters?"

I replied, "Not that I know of yet."

We both laughed and she crawled off of me and onto the wet grass. I got up next and rung the towel out the best I could. We used it to dry off as best as we could.

We put our wet clothes back on and decided we would go somewhere to sit and talk for a while. We packed her backpack with the wet towel, each downed a bottle of water, exited the trail and rode out bikes to a pavilion. We talked our careers and educations and I decided I'd better get home before the wife came looking for me. I also had to work on Friday so I needed to get home, fix myself some dinner, and get some sleep.

Sondra and I kissed for a little bit and said our good-byes with a promise to meet again in the park Friday.