 The parking garage:

I was sitting at the light when just up the block in front of me I saw her crossing the street. She was loaded with shopping bags from the mall and headed to the parking garage. I noticed that she was wearing a skirt and her favorite high heels. That could only mean one thing, and my cock jumped to attention. When the light changed I pulled over to the curb, told my partner I had something to take care of and handed him the keys. I told him to go on to lunch without me, and I would meet him at the job site later.

I followed her into the garage. She didn't know I was there. As she approached her car I got behind her. I reached with my right arm under hers and across her chest to her left breast. With my left hand I gently covered her mouth. She stiffened, scared. I whispered, "Don't scream, sweetheart, it only me." I leaned into her so she could feel my erection, and squeezed her breast in my hand. I felt her relax as she recognized my voice. As I loosened my hold, she dropped her bags and turned into my arms. 

She met my lips with a hot, steamy kiss. But when she pulled back, her fists hit my chest. 

"God, you just about scared me half to death!" She yelled in my face. 

"I'm sorry. I saw you crossing the street in your skirt and high heels, and I couldn't resist." I plead my case. She reached down and rubbed my cock, thru my jeans. 

"Yes, I noticed." She purred. 

"What am I supposed to do, when I know you have been shopping, wearing no panties?" I reached for her again, and took her in my arms. "I'm on my lunch. Where can we go?" I asked. 

"You put these bags in the back, and I'll take care of that." She said. A minute later I climbed into the passenger seat of her SUV. 

"Where are we headed?" I asked. 

"Nowhere." She simply stated. "We're in the corner of a dark parking garage, and I have tinted windows. Besides, I don't think I can wait." With that said, she climbed over the center console and was seated in my lap. She was working my belt, and I was still recovering from the shock of her statement. 

"You are serious." She reached down and hooked the seat release. I fell backward. She was straddling my lap and working very hard to release my erection. 

My hands trailed up her legs under her skirt. I knew what I would find. Bare, naked pussy; wet and waiting for my touch. I slid my finger into her wetness and she moaned. She took my cock in one hand and touched her own breast with the other. I reached up and slip her top and bra up to expose her breasts. Her fingers immediately pinched a nipple and she moaned again. I pulled her down to me and took a rosy nipple into my mouth. Her body trembled. She rose above me and began to slide slowly down on my waiting cock. She was so hot and tight I was afraid I would loose control before we got started. She sighed as she settled on top, completely sucking me into her cunt. 

With her hands against my chest she sat up and slowly began to ride me. With one hand I reached for her clit, while the other fondled her breasts. She cried out at my touch. I could feel that she was close to orgasm. I rotated my hips up into hers, and touched her clit harder. She cried out again. In no time her muscles were tightening around me, she went limp in my arms and was nearly screaming as the orgasm shook her. I was reaching my control level. I grabbed her hips and began to pound into her. She grabbed my shoulders and held on tight. 

"Faster." She whispered in my ear. 

She was biting my neck and shoulder as she rode. That was all I could take. I pounded into her with all the force I could. She met my hips, thrust for thrust. Her muscles began to tighten in another orgasm, and I joined her. Faster, harder, deeper. As deep as I could get. I felt my orgasm begin, surge after surge of cum pumping out of my cock into my beautiful, sexy, daring wife. Then we were flying into oblivion. Both of us holding tightly to the other and calling out each others names.

When she dropped me off at the job site a little while later, there was no mistaking the smile on my face. Especially after telling me what she was going to do when she got home, to pass the time waiting for my arrival after work, and what lay in store for me then, also. Much more of the same!