 Oh baby…

All I can say is thank you for lunch. After almost two years apart, seeing you again was amazing. When you first walked towards me as I was waiting for you, I couldn’t believe that you were even more attractive to me now than you were then. The way your smile lit up your whole face and you gave me that special look with your eyes made the butterflies go crazy in my stomach. Then when I stood up and you pulled me into your arms and gave me that first kiss…all the kisses of the past came rushing back at me. The taste of your mouth was exactly as I remembered…that soft undercurrent of cigarettes mixed with the feeling of your goatee on my face gave me shivers.

Walking up to the restaurant with you was torture – all I wanted to do was pull you into a dark alcove and feel your tongue on mine. Instead, we both behaved very appropriately and sat across from each other in the booth - mind you, that way I could spend tons of time staring at your face. I seemed to lose my appetite as I listened to your voice – you always did have that way of making me feel special and safe in your company. I think that is the fastest lunch I have ever eaten…mind you, I did leave half of it on my plate seeing as how I kept thinking of what your tongue would feel like on my skin. Shivers went down my body as your hand caressed my calf under the table…I knew you were struggling with the same lewd thoughts that I was. 

As we left the restaurant and walked through the mall to do your one little errand, we kept each other company in companionable silence interspersed with tiny bits of small talk. We always did have that ability to be together without needing to fill the silence with drivel. That is one of the things that always attracted me to you. Walking through the mall, you kept your hands in your pockets – was that so that you wouldn’t grab me? I know that I couldn’t stop myself from touching your arm every so often. I hardly even remember what we talked about on the walk to the parkade. I just knew that as soon as we got to my car and you pulled me into your arms, that was where I wanted to be more than anything right then.

Your mouth crushed against mine and your tongue sliding possessively into my mouth brought back the feelings of raging desire. I could feel my thong dampen as you pulled me closer and took possession of all my senses. I moaned softly as your tongue plunged into my mouth. I lost track of all sensibility as I felt your fingers push against the outside of my jeans…I could feel my pussy lips swell with anticipation. We pulled apart for a second as you urged me to get into the back seat of my car and then followed me in.

There we were in the back seat of my car on the second level of a parking garage at 1pm on a weekday. What was I thinking? At that moment, all I wanted was to feel your body next to mine and I lost track of my surroundings. The smell of my desire wafted through the air as you undid my jeans and started to tug them off. I helped you get them off and hear you whisper, “I believe I owe you something, don’t I? I want to taste your pussy.” I almost came right then. 

You pushed me back on the seat and placed one leg over your shoulder, sliding your fingers down the inside of my thigh. I could barely hear your voice as you whispered how beautiful you thought I was. You kissed my thigh as your fingers pulled my thong aside and softly grazed my swollen clit. Then all the blood rushed to my pussy as your mouth took control of me. Your tongue teased and tormented my clit as you slid two fingers deep inside me and started to stroke. I moaned as you licked my slit from the top to the bottom and then back up to my clit. I had never before been able to feel that instant heat during oral sex and you just kept pushing me closer and closer to bliss. My other foot could feel the bulge in your pants as you fucked me with a combination of your fingers and tongue. (I have to be honest and tell you that I am just as wet now while I write this as I was then.) All of a sudden, I let out a whimper as your fingers found my g-spot…rubbing it mercilessly while at the same time your tongue demanded my body to explode. I couldn’t hold back as the heat focused inside of me and then rushed over my body. My body shook in an orgasm unlike any I had felt in a long time. 

Your mouth landed gently on mine again and I could taste my juices from your lips. You kissed me softly for a second or two and then started to rev me up again. I couldn’t believe that I had anything left in my body but I was wrong. My hands went down to my pussy and one hand held my thong aside as I slid two fingers inside my dripping opening. My eyes were closed but I heard you moan as you watched my fingers get slippery and wet. My fingers then started to rub my clit, gaining momentum as the fire started to build again. I could feel my already swollen clit get harder as I massaged it and then moaned as I felt your two fingers slide into my hole again. Again you found my g-spot as this time my fingers circled faster and harder. I could feel the momentum build as bucked my hips up to gain better access to your fingers. All of a sudden, my body convulsed as yet another orgasm took control of me. My pussy tightened around your fingers as I felt moisture drip down my skin. 

I lay there trembling and heard you whisper, “Are we even now?” with a little chuckle. Oh yes, baby, we are more than even. I smiled at you and outlined your mouth with my cum-soaked fingers. Then I sat up and hugged you, kissing your mouth and again tasting me. You held me close and told me that it was even better than you had imagined. I am amazed that this time in the parkade not quite two years after our first encounter on the stairs was even better than that time. I got dressed again and you adjusted your clothes and lit a cigarette, smiling at me the whole time.

Mmm, darlin…the next time has to be even – no more paybacks are necessary.