 I've eyed you across the room for awhile now. That short mini skirt first caught my attention and then I looked down at those long, smooth, sexy legs. I felt my cock jump at first sight of them. I glance at your legs crossing and uncrossing every few minutes and it gives me a brief view of your green thong.

Our eyes meet when you catch me staring at your long legs and the treasure that is between them. You gave me a smile and a little wink. I could see the devilish twinkle in your eye and I felt my bulge grow even larger. I was ready for anything except this... You stood up and walked across the room taking my hand and leading me to one of the upstairs bedrooms.

Once in the room you closed and locked the door and wrapped your arms around my neck and kissed me deeply, swirling your tongue inside my mouth and wrestling with my own tongue. You grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it up over my head and tossed it in a heap to the floor. You gently raked your nails across my muscular chest and ripped abs. I slowly unbuttoned your silky smooth blouse and slid it off your arms that were busy unbuttoning my jeans. I gazed at your bra-covered tits and yearned to suck on their nipples. I fumbled for a second with the clasp of your bra and finally removed it throwing it to the pile of clothes on the floor.

You finally managed to get my jeans unbuttoned and unzipped and got to your knees and slid them down. My hard on sprung a tent in my boxers and you looked up at me in the eyes and licked your lips while you ever so slowly pulled my boxers down. Your eyes went wide when you saw the size of it and couldn't wait to devour it. Wasting no time you swallowed the head of my cock and ran your tongue around the pee hole sending small shockwaves through my body.

I moaned and sighed at the same time and gripped the back of your head forcing more of my cock into your mouth. You sucked fast and then slow, adjusting your speed gradually. Your left hand squeezed and massaged my balls while your right hand held onto the base of my cock. Your head started to bob up and down on my long tool going faster and taking more and more of my dick into your mouth. I felt the head of my cock touch the back of your throat and grunted loudly. You took more still of my cock into your mouth pushing your nose into my neatly trimmed pubic hair.

That sent me over the edge. I let a load of hot white cum flood into your mouth with some escaping down your chin and onto your big round tits. You got on the bed on all fours with your mini skirt and thong covered ass waving it in front of me teasingly. I grabbed your ass cheeks and then rolled you onto your back. I threw up your skirt and grabbed the elastic band of your tiny thong and pulled it down your smooth sexy legs waiting a second for your foot to stop massaging my dick, which was already at full length again. I gazed between your legs and your glistening cunt and got on my knees between your legs. I first gently licked from your knees, up the inside of your thighs to your hot wet pussy. Finally reaching your puss, I licked all the way up and down your slit and stopped at your hard clit, gently sucking it and nibbling on it. I glanced up at you pinching your nipples and kneading your tits together then got back to the task at hand.

I dove my tongue into your wetness tasting your sweet pussy juices. I lapped at your cunt, gobbling down all the juices that flooded out. Your breathing got heavier and heavier and I knew you were about to cum. I took my right middle finger and slid it into your love tunnel and pumped it in and out furiously and attacked your clit with my tongue and teeth. I relentlessly licked and sucked on your cunt and heard you scream a blood-curling scream of ecstasy. I think you liked it.

Before you could calm back down, I climbed on top of you, spread your thighs ever more, and pushed the tip of my cock inside you and then thrust all the way in making you gasp sharply. I felt your pussy contracting around my cock, trying to accommodate the much-welcomed intruder. I began to slowly push my cock in and out of your fuck hole getting faster with each pleasure giving thrust. Your hips moved up to meet mine. Our bodies moved in unison and soon we were fucking like wild animals. We moaned and grunted in pleasure. You wrapped your legs around me and pulled me into you wanting more of my cock.

Your nails scraped my back as I fucked your cunt faster and harder. We screamed and moaned like this was our very last fuck on earth. Your cunt squeezed my cock and sent me over the edge. My cum sprayed inside you and it sent you over the edge screaming like a wild banshee. I collapsed on top of you, both of us trying to catch our breath.

We slowly regained our composure and silently got dressed. You took out a pen and took your thong. You wrote your name and telephone number on it and handed it to me and gave me a deep, sensual kiss saying, "Call me sometime." I opened the door where the rest of the party people were pressed up to the door listening; some with cum all over them and some with tits, cocks, and pussies showing. We both laughed and as you walked by you pressed against my cock through my jeans with your hand. I slowly watched you walk downstairs and out the door. That's one fuck I'll never forget.