 Run your hands down my body pushing driving hurting wanting, needing me, wanting you, lust love heat wetness all of it accumulated and forceful and needing to be released NOW.

We’ve spent all night flirting, looking at each other, watching and waiting, wanting and needing. Sparks jumping, accidental touches, hot glances. Wanting to be alone, wanting to do what we’ve wanted for so long now, wanting to finally just fuck each other senseless, wanting to give in to the lust and heat that’s been taking over our bodies, the past years, friendship, growing and growing.

Knowing tonight was the night, knowing that tonight we’d give in, and do it. Knowing tonight I’d feel your hands, those hard, rough hands on my body, inside my body. Knowing I’d run my hands over you, all over you. Knowing that tonight I’d make you mine, and me yours, forever…

Finally, quietly, unobtrusively, sneaking away from the crowd, our friends, the party, those people, dragging me silently by the hand into the bathroom, cold tiles, white walls, no romance here just lust.

Backing me up against the shower wall, praying we don’t slip, don’t fall, although in a sense it’s too late, we're already falling, spiraling down into this pit of mad lust and need...

Picking me up, I wrap my legs around your waist, kissing, moaning into your mouth, tasting your tongue, you’re biting my lips, silent silent must be silent but ohhh the heat I can feel your hand, the one supporting my weight the other on my body, I can feel your heat and my heat and I want your hands I want them on me near me IN me oh god yes now please

Feel your hot breath, hotter lips on my neck, teeth biting and grinding, sucking kissing biting, that exquisite mixture of pain and pleasure, leaving red marks, that will change into bruises for me to look at tomorrow, for me to look at and remember.. So I will KNOW this wasn’t some fantasy, some dream…

I gasp, as you brutally shove two fingers inside me, moving my underwear to the side, finding my clit, Jesus Christ, I'm not sure whether this is pain or pleasure, some exquisite mix of the two making me moan out loud, forgetting that someone could be outside the door.

You pull away, you break our kiss, you bite my lip, I slide down, you let me go, I'm sitting on the floor of the shower, the shower I've showered in, the shower my best friend has showered in, the shower you showered in, never did I think we'd be here together. Feel the bass from the music downstairs pumping pumping adding to the surreal feeling spreading through my body, undo your belt, undo your button, your zipper, undo you. Pull out your cock, mmmm beautiful, so warm, so hard, I want to hold it, I want to touch it, I want to feel it, in my hands, in my mouth, in me...

I can feel my panties getting damper and damper, beyond damp, they’re wet, I'm dripping, I’m aching with lust, with want, fuck just fuck me I want you I need you ..

You reach down, you lift me back up, you’re thinking the same as I am, no time, just sex just out there hot sex right now, you lift up my skirt, you pull down my underwear, your pants are at your ankles, your satin boxers following fast, you've lifted me up again an then all of a sudden you're in you're in me your hard warm cock is inside me and I’m feeling it I’m feeling you, ohhh I’m feeling you, you're holding me up, I’m wrapped around you, you have one hand on my ass, my tight ass, damn it feels good, the other one is working my breasts, mm you're pinching and pulling, and it hurts and it feels SO FUCKING GOOD, and we're riding faster and faster, you're thrusting deeper and deeper, I’m trying so hard not to moan and scream and SCREAM and MOAN as my orgasm and your orgasm mount and mount, higher and higher, its building to a climax that can only be reached by moving faster and harder and harder and harder and you're panting and I’m panting and its happening oh god its happening we're cumming together and FUCK what a climax what an orgasm mmmm

Slowly... sliding down the glass shower wall together...sitting side by side... holding hands... you look at me. I look at you. Not sure whether to laugh... or just fucking start again…

Knowing that this was only the first night of many, knowing that now the first step has been taken, that we’ve done what we wanted to do, and knowing it can only get better. .. Knowing that there will be more; more wild hot sex, more lust and more pleasure…