 This is for those of you that sometimes might wonder what if I had taken a different path at some point in my life.

*

First let me say that this is dedicated to the one true love of my life, my best friend, lover, mother to my children and wife. Now down to the good stuff.

Chad sat back in his recliner, it was nearing his thirtieth birthday and he thought back over his life thus far. I have lived a good solid life, true my conscience was all but nonexistent, but by most standards I have already achieved a fruitful life. I spent time in the military and was very dedicated to my work there, I saw the world and throughout various jobs I have found the one that fits me best now, I reckon.

I sat there that afternoon waiting for my wife and daughters to get back from their last minute birthday shopping trip for me and perused the image gallery in my mind of all the women I had loved, (ok, fucked) in the past. From my early years experimenting with sex and women of all race, creeds, colors, shapes, sizes and personalities. Of course there were a few I lingered on but it was really Aimee that still took my breath away when I thought about her. In her youth she had never been that tiny thin girl that my mother always swore I would end up with, but a full busted girl with a slim waist and ghetto booty. She had been pure and innocent when I met up with her and I had been let's just say less than virginal and leave it at that. 

I conjured up that image of her from the past and now the present and put them side by side, although she had added a little more cushion for the pushin, she was still that same vibrant young girl I had fallen in love with and hell I had to admit I had helped add those pounds by impregnating her twice. She was still drop dead gorgeous though and in a heartbeat could bring my cock to instant arousal with just that twinkle in her eye or a good evening kiss when I walked through the door.

As I sat there thinking about all the fun we had given each other over the years I began to ponder what would have happened if things had turned out differently, if I hadn't come back home after the military; or if she and I hadn't found one another again after our brief split a year or so before our marriage. As I thought about this I drifted off to sleep in that comfy recliner she is always yelling at me to get rid of. I suppose my subconscious just ran with the thoughts that I had already been thinking about and it laid out the whole scenario for me. That is what I am about to share with you right now so sit back and take the ride with me.

Part 2

I dreaded going to this conference hell I didn't even want to go but the Captain in our shop said that he needed a sergeant to go and I was the one that had been chosen. Lucky fucking me I thought, the positive side was I had some friends in the same field and they would be there as well so it wouldn't be the boring stuffy nights of sitting in a hotel collecting per diem and eating out that I usually got. I might actually get to go have some fun. 

As the plane touched down in San Diego I looked around, the ESRI conference wasn't too far from the airport or my hotel and there was a strip of bars about three blocks away as well. I went to the hotel and checked in depositing my bags and pulled out my cell phone. I immediately dialed up Tyler and figured he should be there by now and we could go catch up and have a drink. 

"Hey bro what's up?" came the response as soon as his phone had rang.

"Not much T, just got in and I'm in the mood to go catch a drink are you in the same hotel as usual?" I asked

"Yep, room 210, what about you?"

"Well what a coincidence I am in room 212, I'll be right over." I said clicking the cell phone shut and chuckling as I stepped out in the hall only to see him doing the same.

"Hey man how's it going?" he asked.

"Pretty good, I going to be honest with you I hate these things and the only bright spot was knowing you and Kurt would be here this year, now maybe we can all go out and get laid like the old days and find a girl freaky enough to maybe even bring a few, oh fuck that, a few dozen friends with her."

"Oh I think that girl is already here and if I'm right we are in for a wild trip man. Kurt was telling me about this little hottie ex-marine chick that works at the schoolhouse with him. He said she was just about as freaky as they come and can't get enough cock, he never fails to add at the end that she is one of the brightest people he works with and all that shit as well. I think that's the soft side of him hoping to one day tame that pussy instead of being a fuck buddy."

"So when are we gonna meet this little hot piece of ass tonight at all?" I asked

"I called Kurt earlier and he said that they might make it down after they get into town and check in. But more than likely knowing that man, he'll shag her rotten first and then think about us after the lights are already out."

So Tyler and I went down to the bar and had a few drinks catching up on old times, he did ask if there was any special woman and I told him know, just work, and the occasional bit of ass that is when time allowed. He said it was the same for him and as we finished the night off playing pool in the hotel's bar we checked out possible prospects for the next night. There were a few lookers but nothing to write home about. 

The next day we went to the conference and went through the normal bullshit about how to liven things up in presentations and all the new data sourcing systems that were on the way out and would be available to test later that week. When we saw Kurt he had that grin that just screams, "I got some pussy." We sat down at lunch and all relived the glory days, times of misspent youth we had shared back in tech school and on a couple vacations we had managed to all pull off together to go on. When the subject of his booty call came into play Kurt just blushed and said she was already scouting some new dick for some fun while she was here. They weren't an item, just fucked when they could he relayed, and when she decided to have some fun he might or might not always be involved. 

"Well I for one want to find this chick and see if she is all you say she is Kurt," I told him sternly.

"I think she'll be in her room later, probably getting fucked eight ways from Sunday if I know that girl but I'll see if I can introduce you to her. Now if you get the chance the one thing you must remember, the only thing this girl won't do is take it in the ass. She said only one guy has ever been there and it's not something she would do with anyone else. And believe you me I have tried over and over again to encourage her but she is a no go in that department. So Mr. Assanova," he teased, "don't get your hopes up."

I just grinned he did know that I had a serious liking for fucking a girl up her tight little ass, but it seemed that those girls came in streaks, either I'd go a year and not find one who liked it like that or a few months with a few that preferred getting a big hard cock slammed into her tiniest of holes with great pleasure.

Part 3

As the conference ended for the day we all agreed to go take showers and meet up in Kurt's room in about an thirty minutes. We were going to meet this mystery woman either then or after we had hit the bar for a while. Either way didn't matter to me as long as we finally met her. If she was as good a lay as Kurt said I wanted in on some of that action and if we had to take turns it wouldn't be the first time the three of us had either trained a woman or even double/triple penetrated her.

The look on Kurt's face said we'd meet her later so we headed down to the bar and drank and had dinner for about two hours. Finally the cell phone on the table rang and Kurt picked it up, after a brief conversation he said the coast was clear and we should be prepared to meet the closest thing to "Helen of Troy", that walked the earth. 

"She's fair game guys," Kurt told Tyler and I, "nothing is set up yet and you two are on your own, she didn't seem in the mood to fuck me earlier but who knows now, she said the guy she was with up there had a tiny prick and shot off after only about a minute, so she threw his ass out and called a real man with real friends," he laughed.

We headed up and in the elevator I made a bold statement, "I'm willing to bet you the TDY pay for this that I can nail this girl in the ass before the conference is up."

"That's a pretty steep bet Chad," they both said, but in the end they agreed, Kurt thought he had this one in the bag and although he'd have to split it with Tyler he could make some nice extra income for the month.

We walked down the hallway and knocked on the door and when the door open I think my jaw must have hit the floor. "So you're the Chad Kurt's always talking about," she said with a grin.

Her hands pulled me into the room and as I glanced back to two awestruck friends I knew that the bet in the elevator would buy me a new motorcycle when I collected. This girl kissed me like she hadn't seen me in years, and in fact we hadn't, we had talked a few times over the years but hadn't seen each other since my last trip back to visit my parents in 1997. So it had been eight years since the last time I laid eyes on her or anything else for that matter. Her hands weren't stationary and as I snapped back to the present I grabbed her and returned the passionate kiss. 

"Sorry boys but I've found my stud for the night," she smiled and waved to Kurt and Tyler as she pulled me into the bedroom. "You have a lot of explaining to do mister, I didn't even know you were going to be here," she said as she pulled my shirt over my head.

"Um not to hold up the way this is progressing but did you want to talk and then have at it or are you just in the mood for a good dirty fuck?" I asked with a grin.

"Chad, we haven't been with each other in eight years, I'm not that good little wholesome girl you knew, and I'm sure Kurt has shared some of our fun together, but right now," she reached down at that moment and squeezed my hard cock, "I need some of the cock that broke me in."

As I just grinned, I'm sure it was ear to ear, she pushed down my pants and boxers and attacked my cock with her lustful little mouth, swallowing it to the base taking all eight inches deep in her throat and humming as her hands played with my balls. To say that I was a little shocked that this girl that had once almost been my wife and I hadn't seen in so long was now on her knees with my cock slipping in and out of her bobbing mouth would be an understatement.

I ran my hands through her hair and cupped the back of her head, slowly keeping in time with the rhythm she had set, a quick furious mouth fucking pace that let me know she wanted me to be rough with her. She wanted to be used tonight, but not just used, she wanted to be pleased by someone that knew exactly how to do that to her, and I fit that bill to a T.

As she sucked and bobbed, she looked up at me smiling and winking. "Did you miss how I suck your cock Chad?" she asked in a little girl voice.

"Aimee of course I have always missed your mouth on my cock and your tight little pussy wrapped around my hardness."

"Tonight, right now," she said in between moments of lustful sucks and plunges down my length, "I'm going to swallow your hot cum and then my body, my whole body is yours to do with however you want."

As this registered in my near orgasmic state she started pulling my balls down and doing everything she remembered I loved. She continued to bob her head but I knew she was waiting for me to use the force and drive it deep inside her mouth. Whenever she had decided to swallow in the past, Aimee had told me she wanted to and then made sure I took over like now. Grabbing the back of her head I thrust forward feeling the tip delve deeper into her mouth and into her throat. She swallowed and looked up at me with a mixture of fear and lust as I fucked that beautiful full lipped mouth of hers. It wouldn't take long and I was surprised that I had lasted this long. 

I began to moan and call her little pet names I had in the past and told her what a dirty little slut she had become in between the sweet words. For her I knew just the right mix of what to whisper and say, the reason we had split up definitely not been regarding anywhere near sex. I held her head still and began to pump shot after shot into her waiting mouth.

As I pulled back just a bit her hand quickly reached up and continued to stroke my cock as she milked the cum from my cock into her waiting mouth. As I finished and looked down at her she once more smiled up at me and then opened her mouth and showed me a mouthful of what I had deposited there. Then ever so slowly she closed her mouth and tipped her head back and swallowed the remainder of my cum.

Standing up she kept her hand on my cock and led me to the bed between her legs. I slid down and without a word began to rub my hands over her naked cunt as she began to wiggle and squirm beneath me. In no time I had three fingers deep inside her tight pussy curling them and finding her g-spot and licking her clit at the same time. She was going crazy each time I looked up at her. Fingers clutching the sheets as she arched her back and moaned, "Dear lord no one has ever been able to eat my pussy like you do Chad."

I slammed my fingers in and out of her making her scream and she didn't seem to care who might or might not be in the next room listening to her antics of passion. For that matter I could care less, ok that's not completely true, I knew that Tyler and Kurt were in the other room more than likely going insane because I was making her so loud, it has to be a guy pride thing. 

As she began to cum for the last time she pushed my face and fingers away from her clenching cunt and she grabbed my hand pulling it to her face and began to lick the juices from them. I wasn't about to let her have the only fun so as she sucked I slid up her body and with my free hand I grazed her clit, she gave a jump and I knew she was still tingling inside and out from her orgasm. So I did the only next logical thing, I slammed all eight inches deep inside her as I lifted her legs and began to fuck her pussy quick, deep and hard. 

"Oh sweet leaping jesus," she cried out. 

I just smiled and whispered into her ear, "I know just how to treat your tight little pussy baby, I never could forget how to fuck you the right way."

"Dammit, Chad, I'm cumming again....oh yes, fuck me hard and fast big man." She was near tears, I grinned a little, that had always been something that turned me on and let me know that she was cumming and never just putting on a show for my benefit. Her tears and flushed face wasn't something any actress could pull off at a moment she was whimpering about getting fucked good.

I pulled out as she began to cum and left her whimpering and for the first time I had seen rubbing her fingers down over her clit in effort to bring herself off. I was having none of that and I flipped her over and slammed into her as she pulled her knees up and pushed her sexy ass out to meet my thrusts deep inside her tight cunt. I drove as deep as I could inside her and then swatted her ass hard.

"So you've become a real slut haven't you Aimee?" I demanded to know.

"Yes, Chad, I always told you if we weren't together, oh god that feels good, that I'd be a slut more than likely." She was panting and moaning throughout all of this and I knew the talk I was forming in my head would drive her off the edge. Not just over the edge mind you but completely out there in a free fall until I pulled her back up.

"Who's slut are you really though?" I asked. Knowing that could be a loaded question.

"Your's oh god yours Sir," she said looking back at me over her shoulder with those sexy doe eyes and smiling. "Yours to do anything you wish to Master."

This had been our own fun roleplay several years ago, she would never fully give in and submit all the time but in the bedroom she was my willing little slut. Some things never change. I rammed my cock deep inside her and after a few more spanks I pushed my finger to the little rosebud of her asshole, "Anything? You're willing to do anything I tell you tonight?" I questioned.

"Yea...Yes, Sir." she replied. "I haven't allowed anyone in my ass ever but you and I think, I'm long overfuckingdue."

I continued to fuck her hard and tease her tight asshole, slowly working, getting juices from rubbing her pussy and then spreading them around the tight haven that only I had fucked on her sweet little body. She moaned and pushed back against my cock and helped my fingers ease into her at the same time. 

"Please, Master," she moaned, "Fuck my tight little asshole and make me scream like a little bitch in heat, your little cumslut."

I pulled my hard cock out of her tight pussy and ran it up and down the crack of her ass several times until she whimpered and then I gave a slight nudge and watched the head of my cock slide against the tight puckered ring and inside.

"Oh lord I forgot how much that hurt." she grimaced. "Don't worry baby, I will go slow and let you adjust before I slam this tight little ass of yours and cum deep inside it."

I didn't need to wait long she began to push back forcing my cock deeper inside her ass until I had nearly embedded my whole cock within the confines of that divine little asshole. "Yes," she screamed so loud that I think it was for my benefit as well as Tyler and Kurt's, "That's it Chad, fuck my tight little ass hard."

I wasn't about to let the lady down, I pounded her tight ass as I held her hips and then I felt her fingers underneath us rubbing her clit and her nails grazing by balls when she could. I wanted her to cum hard so I reached under and twisted her nipples that I had thus far mainly neglected and made her coo in pleasure. Then to add an extra tease I began to slap her ass with my other hand as I pounded her tight ass harder and faster. She was wailing and moaning so much that I did fear that management might soon be pounding on the door. Oh well I figured I was pounding in and out of my own door, her tight hot backdoor at the moment and nothing was going to ruin that.

"Oh god, Chad I'm going to cum. Cum with me, cum deep in my ass or pull out and shoot all over me I don't care just cum for me stud," she pleaded.

I felt the nut starting to rise and as I continued to fuck her tight ass I wanted to cum deep inside her something she hadn't ever wanted me to do inside her ass before. When it came it came quick and hard. So hard I felt like I was going to pass out as I shot round after round deep inside her ass. 

"Oh fuck yeah," she cried out, "I can feel it pulsing and oozing inside me, damn I missed you Chad." 

As I finished cumming I slipped out of her swollen little asshole and rolled her over and kissed her deeply and held onto her for a few moments. We lay there talking and I came to find out that Kurt had only fucked her a handful of times, the rest were just a little boasting on his part she told me.

We discussed getting together again and that was when she said, "I doubt you'll be leaving my side at this conference now that I have you again. But right now you need to wake up," she whispered.

I know I was confused at I looked at her smiling face, and then I heard her say it again, "Honey wake up."

Slowly I opened my eyes, back in that comfy chair. I opened my eyes fully and there before me was Aimee, with a smile on her face and not a stitch of clothing on. She got down next to me and reached for my cock.

"The girls are with Stephanie and it looks like you had a good dream. Care to tell me what it was about?" she asked.

"Oh not at the moment baby I just need to fuck you right now....maybe you'll read about it sometime." I grinned and told her.
