 With his wife and four-year-old son in bed for the evening long ago, Peter turned on his computer. As usual, there was nothing on television. He muttered something about Bruce Springsteen being a visionary when he sang "57 Channels and Nothing's On."

It was a Saturday night, Peter was ungodly horny and all he had for comfort was his computer. And he couldn't even doing anything with that. His backyard neighbors, a house full of just-graduated college kid rental types, were having another of their Saturday night blowouts. Peter went to the kitchen to peer through the window and check out the activity out there. There were 30 or 40 people littered along the back porch and yard, and techno music was blasting through the usually quiet suburban neighborhood. He thought about calling the cops to break it up, but Peter just wasn't in the mood to bust anybody's balls. What he wanted was a beer. And someone to talk to.

"I must be insane," he thought to himself. "I don't even know who these guys are." Peter didn't know too many people in the neighborhood. Working nights as a police reporter for the local paper didn't exactly make his social calendar bustle. In fact, he had just one night off in common with his wife. It was a wonder they had found time to have a child. But something told Peter to put on his sandals and make his way out back.

He was surprised how much the volume grew once he left the comfort of his air-conditioned home. It was a sultry June evening and the party was still going strong even though it was nearly 1 a.m. "I must be getting old," the 38-year-old chuckled to himself. He made his way to the chain-link fence separating the two yards and watched the festivities for a while. Four tiki torches burned on each corner of the small concrete back porch. There was white plastic lawn furniture in the yard beyond the porch. A volleyball net was hung between two trees. Peter watched and listened to the party-goers for a while. They didn't seem much different from himself and his friends after college.

Peter was lost in his thought when a drunken guy stumbled over to him. He could have doubled for Sean Penn's Jeff Spicoli surfer-dude character in "Fast Times at Ridgemont High." He wore baggy cargo shorts, an unbuttoned red Hawaiian shirt and carried two beers. "Hey dude," Hawaiian shirt guy slurred, "wanna beer?" Hawaiian shirt guy thrust a beer into Peter's hands. Not one to want to seem unneighborly, Peter accepted and climbed over the fence. Hawaiian shirt guy put his arm around Peter's shoulders and led him to the rest of the guests.

"Hey everybody, look what I got," Hawaiian shirt dude said "I found one of your neighbors. Can he come over and play with us? Please? Pretty please?"

Peter wanted to crawl under the fence from the embarrassment, but nobody seemed to pay any attention to Hawaiian shirt guy. Which was fine by Peter. He quietly separated himself from his newfound friend and began to survey the crowd. He noticed it was about half girls, half guys and most were very drunk or well on their way to being there. He also noticed most of the partygoers were 10 to 15 years younger than him, and Peter thanked his genetic pool for looking much younger than his 38 years.

Naturally, Peter began to check out the women at the party. They were dressed for the weather, which was still quite warm for that late at night. Most in shorts, lots of halter tops and bikini tops and a few very short skirts thrown in for good measure. Peter silently cursed himself for not being more neighborly sooner.

His thoughts were interrupted by a tapping on his shoulder. He turned to find a woman of about 25 wearing the shortest miniskirt he had ever seen. It barely covered the bottom of her ass. She had long red hair going about halfway down her back and perfect white teeth. It looked like she had just walked off a movie set. She wore a thin white cotton tank top and was barefoot. From beneath her tank top, Peter could see a pair of medium sized breasts and large nipples, unrestrained by a bra.

"You're the guy who lives behind us, right?" the girl asked Peter. He nodded accordingly. "Sorry if we woke you up. We tend to get a little loud sometimes," she said apologetically.

"Not at all," said Peter. "I work at night, so this is like the middle of the afternoon for me. I hope you don't mind me dropping by. My house was pretty quiet and you guys seemed to be having a pretty good time over here. I figured I might as well come over and make some new friends."

She introduced herself as Cara, and Peter soon learned she was the girlfriend of one of the party hosts. She worked as a nurse and spent lots of time at her boyfriend's house and she said she often noticed Peter and his son playing Whiffle Ball in the back yard.

"Make yourself at home," Cara told Peter. "The more the merrier." Peter felt better immediately. He feared being stuck with Hawaiian shirt guy all night, but this lovely redhead had lifted his spirits immensely. Cara left his side to check on other guests and Peter was alone again with his beer, although not for long.

"Hi. Do you know where Cara is?" asked a female voice. Peter turned to find himself staring eye-to-eye with a green-eyed goddess. Peter hadn't run into many women as tall as his own 6 feet, once inch height, but he always had a weakness for tall girls.

"I think she went to get more ice or something," Peter stammered. The tall blonde cocked her head to the side for a moment and asked "Do I know you?" Peter wished he did, but there weren't too many 6-foot, 1-inch blonde goddesses in his life at the moment. "I wish you did, but there's always time to make new friends," he replied. The girl smiled and Peter offered her his hand and introduced himself. "I'm Jayne," she said. "I work with Cara over at the hospital." Jayne took Peter's hand and he could swear he felt a jolt of electricity when their hands touched. This girl was a knockout. She had short blonde hair and was wearing a short pair of surfer shorts and a cropped T-shirt that showed off her flat belly and belly ring. Peter found belly rings very sexy and often found himself admiring them when young girls were on parade at the local mall.

Peter looked Jayne up and down and found her to be very tan and perhaps the sexiest creature he had ever laid eyes on. He green eyes sparkled in the light from the tiki torches and her full round breasts rose and fell with each breath. "Christ," he thought to himself "doesn't anybody wear a bra anymore?" Not that he was complaining. Not in the least. It was then Peter noticed he and Jayne were still holding hands. He felt momentarily awkward and went to pull his hand away, but her grip tightened on his. She smiled at him and he blushed. He wasn't used to this kind of attention from anyone, let alone a beauty like Jayne.

Jayne took Peter's hand and led him to a chair. He gestured for her to sit, but she pushed him down into the seat and giggled, then climbed into his lap. Peter's mind began to race. Checking out the girls back here was one things, but he wasn't so sure it was a good idea to let things get out of hand with his wife and son asleep in his own house just 20 yards away.

"Relax," said Jayne and Peter tried, but the bulge is his shorts made it difficult to do much of anything. Jayne talked as if they were old friends and like nothing was out of the ordinary. "When in Rome," Peter thought to himself. He had one arm wrapped around Jayne's bare waist while the other rested on her smooth tan thigh. This woman was amazing. And she was laughing at his jokes, a delicate yet honest response to his wit. And she was gorgeous. He couldn't keep from staring into her eyes. It was if he felt himself being drawn into them.

Jayne talked about life in the ER and she and Peter had some common experiences, since he had written about some of the crimes whose victims ended up in the hospital. They were deep in conversation when Hawaiian shirt guy appeared again and said "dudes....time to sing happy birthday." Apparently Cara's boyfriend had thrown the party for himself to celebrate his 28th birthday.

Peter went to get up out of the chair, figuring Jayne would get up so they could join the rest of the crowd. However, he moved, but she didn't and suddenly, the plastic chair started to topple backward. In a flash, Peter was sprawled out on the ground, flat on his back, with Jayne laying on top of him. "Oh my God, are you OK?" Peter blurted out from beneath the gorgeous blonde. She began to laugh at their predicament, her perched over his prone form, crotches rubbing together.

She was still laughing when she bent down to kiss him and thank him for being so sweet and caring about her welfare. Her lips touched his and he felt as if he'd been attached to jumper cables. He swore he saw sparks and could tell from the look in Jayne's eyes that she felt it too. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her closer, tasting her hungry lips. He was surprised but not at all upset when he felt her tongue press against his lips, and he opened his mouth wider to accept it.

Jayne was pressing her crotch against Peter's very pronounced bulge as their tongues continued to intertwine, each taking time to suck on the other's tongue. Peter opened his eyes to make sure this was not a dream and when he did, he saw Jayne's tongue. She opened her eyes, smiled devilishly and said "come with me." Like he could say no?

She led him toward the house and to the outdoor stairs that led to the basement. It was a dark and semi-furnished room with a couple of couches, a TV and a recliner. She led him by the hand to one of the sofas and sat down. She patted the seat next to her for him to join, and Peter sat down in a flash. Jayne giggled at his speed to join her, but he was afraid to do anything slowly, for fear this vision before him would disappear. He sat down next to her and she pulled herself on top of him, again rubbing her crotch into his own.

"Mmmmmmmmm," Jayne purred as she wriggled atop his hardened cock. Peter smiled, familiar with the tone of the young blonde's voice. He hadn't had too many sexual partners, but the five or six had always complemented him on the size of his cock. It was about 7 1/2 inches long and about three inches around. He had always gotten hard easily and stayed that way. He was glad age hadn't taken it's toll on his libido.

Peter interlocked his fingers with Jayne's as they continued kissing, tongues thrusting and parrying on the couch in the darkened basement. He actually whimpered when she stood up, fearful she'd leave to rejoin the festivities. But she began to kneel before him and remove her shirt. Peter couldn't help but stare as her glorious, gravity-defying breasts came into his view. They were at least a C-cup and probably about a 34 in size. But what really caught his attention were her nipples. The areolas were huge...probably about three inches in diameter. And her nipples stuck out proudly, like tiny soldiers saluting their superior officer.

Jayne continued her striptease, smiling at the response from her newfound friend. He was kind of cute, with short brown hair parted to the side (the young Republican look, she called it) and mischievous green eyes. He had a quick wit and a sarcastic tongue and she felt immediately drawn to him. He was so much more real than those pretentious doctors at the hospital.

She untied the string to her board shorts and slowly pulled them down past her hips. When Peter saw no tan lines, he nearly passed out. When the shorts were around her knees, he noticed her pussy was shaved clean. No tan lines, not a hair. Just dark tanned skin. He looked into her eyes and smiled. She wasted little time stepping out of her shorts and tossed them on his chest with a giggle. He took them and inhaled her scent. He could feel the moisture on them. It had been a long time since he'd had this kind of affect on a woman.

Jayne's hands moved to his shorts and unbuttoned them and began to pull the zipper down. Peter could have sworn he heard a crackle of electricity. He lifted his hips up slightly and she pulled the shorts off his legs and tossed them into the darkness. She felt his hardness through his silk boxers and reached inside to free his swollen cock. Peter groaned at her touch, delighted and mesmerized with her light handling of him. She bent down and kissed the head of his cock and looked up at him. A pearl of pre-cum had formed at the tip and she jabbed at it with her tongue. As she lifted her head up, the pre-cum began to stretch out between his cock and her tongue, perhaps the most erotic sight he had ever seen. He wanted to lay back and savor Jayne's work, but he was drawn to her eyes. Her eyes never left his and this turned him on even more.

Jayne quickly shed Peter's boxers and was gently massaging his balls and she licked and kissed the tip of his cock. He ran his fingers though her hair while their eyes remained locked on each other. Jayne opened her mouth wider and began to take more of him into her mouth. He resisted the urge to ram himself down her throat and fuck her face. He wanted this pleasure to last a lifetime.

Deep into her mouth and throat, Jayne swallowed Peter's cock. She stared into his eyes with a fiery lust as she pumped him with her mouth, tickling his balls with her fingertips. Peter wanted this to last as long as possible, but had to see if this girl tasted as good as she smelled. Peter pulled his cock out of her mouth with a soft "plop" and stood up, and walked over to the recliner. He lifted the lever and the chair went horizontal and Peter laid back. He motioned for Jayne to sit on the arms of the chair spreading her pussy out for him. She quickly clambored on and lowered herself onto the older man's tongue. More sparks shot out between them.

Peter licked the lips of the girl's pussy up and down, tantalizing and teasing her by avoiding her clit. She was so wet Peter could feel her moisture dripping onto his chin and chest. He could wait no longer and stabbed at her clit with tongue. The tall blonde let out a shriek as his tongue touched her clit. She spread her legs wider and ground herself into his face, wanting him to fuck her with his tongue. He was pleased to oblige her.

He took her clit between his lips and sucked it into his mouth. He flicked it back and forth, feeling her writhe in ecstasy. She began to quiver and moan louder as the wave of her first orgasm washed over her body. She shuddered as he slid a finger insider her pussy and began to finger fuck her while he sucked on her clit. She was sweating, convulsing and moaning from the movements of his tongue. She had to have his cock inside her. Now.

It was as if they shared a single mind. Peter put the recliner back to its normal position and plopped into a bean bag chair. His cock was harder than ever and was leaking pre-cum. Jayne walked over and slowly lowered herself onto his pulsing cock. Moving ever so slowly, she impaled herself with his cock as they both began to moan, she pushed herself all the down until he was fully inside her and their pelvises met.

They remained motionless for a moment, savoring the feeling of first-time lovers joined together. Then slowly, Jayne began to rotate her hips, swaying back and forth on top of Peter's cock. He took her hands in his and they interlocked fingers again, connected even deeper. Peter thrust his hips up to try and push himself further into this goddess, and she ground down harder on him. He sat up and began to lick and bite her nipples, which caused her to moan even louder.

The two new lovers moved together, bodies thrusting to the beat of the dance music playing at the party just outside their door. Peter felt the surge begin to build inside his balls and warned Jayne that he wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. Jayne responded by bouncing up and down even harder and faster than before. "Cum inside me, please," she said breathlessly. "I want to feel you explode inside me."

That's all it took and explode Peter did. He felt lightning bolts shoot out of his cock as his orgasm began. He bucked and thrust his hips at the girl, emptying what seemed like and endless stream of cum into her. She screamed as another orgasm devastated her and furiously rocked on top of him.

Peter's orgasm subsided at the same time as Jayne's and she collapsed on top of him in a sweaty, exhausted, yet satisfied heap. They kissed again and drifted off to sleep, with his softening cock still embedded in her satisfied pussy.