 This story was written for a dear friend of mine with whom I share a special bond. I wrote it while we were talking about a party she's throwing this weekend. She asked me what i'd like to happen and how I imagined it in my head, and I told her the following story. Also, note that part of the story describes a friend and I applying eyeliner. No, we are not transvestites or homosexuals, we are simply heterosexual males who wear eye makeup, as are most of my male friends. We just like how it looks. I hope you enjoy...

We're at the party at your condo. I'm dressed to kill and you're dressed to get your clothes ripped off by yours truly. When I get to the door, everything's just casual; we're all "Hi! *hug* How are you oh it's so great to see you again!" The party starts like normal, everyone gets right to the drinking and socializing. You're walking around, greeting guests and catching up with people, making sure everyone's having a good time, but I can't keep my eyes off you, and every time you look around, you see me looking. Whenever our eyes meet, you give me that look. What look, you ask? I can't explain, just... that look. You smell awesome and whenever you walk by, your perfume just makes me want to pick you up right then and carry you away, but that wouldn't be very refined of me now would it? So I just stand there with my drinks and friends and conversations, admiring you, wondering what might come of tonight, if anything at all. By now we're both feeling the liquor. I'm being more talkative and my senses are heightened, but your presence is also arousing my senses. You're also becoming more chatty and giddy.

Seth and I go to the bathroom in your room to fix our makeup. Shortly after, you come in, looking for me. After we're done with our eyeliner the three of us start talking, but you and I keep exchanging glances. Then you blurt out, "Oh yea, Seth, Jill was looking for you." I can easily tell from your tone of voice and randomness that it was a lie. Did he notice it? Who knows?

As he exits, you tell me to shut the door. I do as instructed and turn around to look at you, not knowing what to do, say, or think; I have no idea what's about to happen. You put a hand on my chest and run it down to my belly. I start to get hard from anticipation, and I see that your nipples are already erect. When you get to the top of my pants, you move your hand back up and behind my neck, pulling my head down towards you. Our heads are careening towards each other magnetically. We've both wanted this for so long. Our lips collide with each other, sending bolts of energy though both of our bodies. The first kiss is hard, and then we both try to be gentle and soft. But that is very short-lived; the passion and the alcohol soon take over and we're kissing like we'll never kiss again. Your hands find their way to my sides, my chest, my back, your nails clawing at me, roaming over my body. My hands, which have been on your hips most of this time, push their way under your shirt and lift up. You're not wearing a bra, and as I slide the fabric past your breasts, your nipples get even harder. When your shirt is off, my hands go straight to your nipples, pinching, pulling, twisting. I lean my head down and start sucking your right nipple, flicking my tongue back and forth on it.

You pull my free hand off your waist and place it in your skirt. I take the hint and move my hand up to find out you chose not to wear panties tonight. Were you expecting this? I'll probably never know. You're very wet already and I almost effortlessly slide a single finger into your pussy. With my thumb, I rub your clit while you lean your head back, moaning softly. Out of the corner of my eye I see your hand moving. Then I feel it on my crotch. You start squeezing and rubbing, and I move my head back up to kiss you. You lean forward, putting your weight into it, shoving me against the wall, not breaking the kiss, my finger still inside you.

You start undoing the buttons on my shirt and then push the shirt off my shoulders; it slides down my arms and onto the floor. Next you reach both hands down and start undoing my pants, and you pull them down along with my boxers, at the same time sliding your body down mine. I can feel your soft breasts and their hard nipples sliding down my chest, then I feel your soft flesh on my cock, then I feel your cheek brush my cock. I'm so excited, I feel like I could come right then. You grasp my cock in your hand, rubbing it gently on your cheek. Then I feel wetness and warmth on the head of my cock. I feel your tongue slooowly sliding up my shaft. When you get to the head, your tongue slides around clumsily, rolling around the head. Then I feel your hot breath on my shaft, then I feel myself engulfed in you. You can feel my pulse through my cock, I'm so excited. Your hands are rubbing my thighs, inside, outside, around to squeeze my ass. One hand finds its way to my cock and I feel myself exit your mouth. I'm disappointed, but only temporarily, as I feel your soft tongue applying pressure to my balls. You spend a few moments sucking and caressing my balls with your tongue, and a couple more moments bathing just under my scrotum with saliva. Then you take my cock back into your mouth.

Shortly after, you stand up again and start walking backwards towards the sink, holding me by my waist, bringing me with you. You lift yourself up onto the sink and pull my head down to kiss you more. I feel your fingers wrap around my cock again. I can feel your pussy rubbing on my penis; I realize you're using my cock to stimulate your clit. Then I feel wetness, LOTS of wetness. I feel more warmth, so warm it feels like it's on fire. I realize you're pulling me into your vagina. I oblige without a second thought, pushing my hips towards yours, further, further, until our hips meet. I slowly start to withdraw, and you have that familiar look on your face, one of utter amazement. I pull all the way out and you grab my cock again, using it once more to rub your clit, then you pull me back in again. We start a slow rhythm:

Innnn

...Out

Innnn

...Out

Seeing you is such a sight, wearing nothing but a skirt. It's even hotter than if you were totally naked. I feel your muscles squeezing me from inside, your fingers are gripped tight into my back, and we're looking straight into each other's eyes like we can see each other's souls. You're moaning quite a bit, as am I. Our rhythm starts picking up speed:

In.

Out.

In.

Out.

In-out-in-out-in-out.

You're moaning loudly now, telling me "I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come..." I lean down until my shoulder is in front of your face, and you bite down on me to muffle your cries. I feel your vagina clamp down on me and your entire body reacts the same way, clamping: your legs wrap around behind me, pulling me deeper, your hands dig in even further, you bury your face deeper into my shoulder. All this is too much; it won't be long before I come. As I feel the come from your pussy hit above my cock and pouring down over my balls and thighs, I can't take it anymore; feeling you come on me pushes me over the edge, and my semen starts boiling up my shaft. As I groan, I can hear your muffled cries in my shoulder, "I'm coming! Oh god I'm coming! FUCK ME!!!" like you always do. My hot come shoots into your belly, spurt after spurt, in an orgasm that doesn't seem to end. Both our bodies are spasming and we can't move. We're just locked together tightly, sharing this climax. Finally, our orgasms start to die down, and I start moving again, slowly, sliding in and out.

When our orgasm is completely finished, I slide out of you. After a few moments catching your breath, you come down from the sink to lick my cock clean, and I return the favor. We kiss again, not too soft, not too hard, just right. Our kisses feel so perfect. We are both on a euphoric high (and a little bit of vodka). We help each other dress and open the door, and see someone waiting to use the bathroom.

As we walk out, we wonder, just how long we were in there? Did people notice we were missing in action? Did anyone think it suspicious that the hostess was nowhere to be found? Did we miss anything good at the party? Ohhhh SHIT, did people hear us!? The music was up kind of loud but still, we wonder... As we exit your bedroom and go back to the party, everything seems normal, but I can't quite figure out if they know or not. "Oh well," I decide, "if they know, who cares? And if they don't know, who cares?" And I wonder to myself if you care at all if they know. The rest of the party goes completely normally, but you continue giving me those looks, making me wonder if there's more in store when the guests have left...