 Wayne and Samantha had a dinner party about every six weeks or so. They weren't really parties, just a time for family that lived close and friends to spend an evening having a nice dinner and relaxing time chatting and discussing what was happening. This Friday was a little special. Three of four of Wayne's sisters and his brother were in town for a visit. 

Wayne barbecued about twenty pounds of meat; roast, chicken and ham for the occasion. Samantha fixed potato salad and chopped up some fresh vegetables. Nobody else was expected to bring anything. While we were getting ready to go, Mary and I had our usual word fight over some trivial forgotten matter. What wasn't forgotten were the innuendoes and accusations?

While finishing up the last minute details, Samantha found out that she was out of some minor things that she needed. She and Mary ran to the store to pick them up. I was glad that she took Mary along. I went outside to smoke my pipe and just be alone. Wayne's older sister Millie came up to me and started chatting. I had noticed that she had been trying to make eye contact with me all afternoon, and whenever she succeeded, she gave me a sly smile. As we talked, she made it a point to let me know that she was single and looking for a partner. She had divorced her husband about four years ago, and was ready for a serious companionship. She asked me a few questions about my van, and asked me to show her around it. When we got to the side away from Wayne's house, she boldly told me that she liked my moustache, and that she really loved kissing men with moustaches. She put her arms around my neck, and pulled me into her, kissing me open-mouthed. When she let me come up for air, she asked how I liked the kiss. I confessed that it was the best kiss I had received in a long time, which was no lie. She asked me if I would like to do it again. I said in a rather husky voice that I would love it. She started to pull me into her again, but stopped and asked me what Mary would think about me getting passionate with another woman. I looked her in the eye and asked her why would Mary have to know? She smiled and kissed me even more passionately, slipping the tip of her tongue into my mouth, brushing it against the tip of my tongue. 

I felt my pulse quicken, and my heart start to pound. My cock was stiff and pressing tightly against the front of her skirt. Millie slid her hand down and gently squeezed my cock, and whispered in my ear that she wanted my hand on her breast. She was about two inches shorter than me and had a well-proportioned full figure. I guessed that her breasts were about a 38-D or maybe even a DD. I caressed her breast, marveling at the firmness and amount of swelling of her tits. It felt like they were sticking out over an inch past her breast. She confirmed my guess that they were 38-DD and that her nipples swelled up to over an inch when they were stimulated. 

I told her that I wish that we had fifteen or twenty minutes that we could be alone un-missed and without interruption. She asked why, and I told her that I would try to get her naked and have the hottest sex possible with her. She smiled and told me that she would like that very much. She asked if Mary was a jealous type, which I confirmed. She said that she would work on creating a way for us to spend some private time alone together real soon. We swapped e-mail addresses, and made up a story about me showing her my van so that our stories would match. She gave me one last hot kiss and we casually strolled back toward Wayne's house, pointing at parts of the van and acting as if we were talking about it, this worked out perfectly, as Samantha and Mary turned into the driveway as we walked across. Mary jumped out of the car and started questioning me about what we had been doing. Millie and I told her our concocted story, parts fitting exactly, as if we had rehearsed them for several days. Mary walked away in a huff, going inside with Samantha. Millie stepped closer to me and asked if she always acted like a bitch, to which I replied that Mary was being nice since we were at a friend's house. Millie shrugged, patted my cock, and we drifted back into the house and joined the party. Every opportunity that she could, Millie managed to get close to me, either patting my ass, or running her hand along my cock.

For the next two weeks, I couldn't get Millie out of my mind. I imagined her beside me in the shower, sitting in my lap while I was on the toilet, across from me at the dinner table, on my shoulder when I was in bed. Every day, I had at least two e-mails from her, reminding me about her boobs, her full waistline, or telling me how much she missed our passionate kisses. Finally, it seemed like magic had struck. Mary had decided that she wanted to spend a week or two with her sister in St. Louis. She was leaving Thursday, and would not be back before at least a week from Tuesday, maybe even two weeks from Tuesday. Thursday morning, right after she left, I got an e-mail from Millie. She was going to be off Friday, and wanted me to come spend the weekend with her. I've heard of coincidences, but never really believed that they happened. This changed my mind. This was perfect timing. I've always believed one lesson that my father taught me. He always said that if you start something, and it seems like you hit obstacles at every step, then you need to rethink what you are doing and make sure it was what you should be doing at that time. On the other hand, if you start something and everything falls into place, almost like magic, then you are on the right path. Along with the lessons on various moral subjects, and about women, this was one of his favorites, and now it was playing out perfectly.

I called my secretary and told her that a family emergency had occurred, and that I would be out of the office Friday and Monday. She said that she would take care of the details for me, and cover for me. I made a mental note to take her to lunch and get her flowers this next week. As soon as I hung up the phone, I grabbed some casual clothes and my razor and toothbrush. I felt like I was floating five feet above the ground as I walked out to my car. The drive across town to Millie's apartment seemed to pass by instantly. I was totally oblivious of any downtown traffic.

I found a parking place close to Millie's apartment and grabbed my bag. A short walk across the parking lot and up two short flights of steps, and I was standing at the doorway to paradise. I started to knock, when the door swung open to reveal a naked Millie beckoning me to enter. She took my bag and started to unbutton my shirt. As she slid my shirt across my shoulders and down my arms, she kissed my chest and nibbled on my tiny artifacts of nipples. 

When my shirt hit the floor, she sealed her lips against mine, swabbing my tongue with hers. While we kissed, her hands deftly undid my trousers and slid them to the floor. She had my underwear to my ankles with equal speed. As we broke apart from our passionate kiss, she asked me what was in the bag. When I told her, she giggled and told me that I wouldn't need any clothes; we would be staying naked all weekend. 

I stepped out of my pants and looked all over Millie's beautiful body. She has a perfect rubenesque figure with the prettiest face I'd ever seen. At the party, I noticed that her nipples stood out when she was watching me. Now I was looking at a pair of well formed, dark brown nipples that were at least three inches across, and puffed up, sticking out nearly an inch. I must have had a dumb look on my face. Millie reached up and ran her fingers gently across my cheeks, telling me that they tasted better than they looked. I reached out and ran my hands across them, admiring the exquisite contrast of the firm dark nipple to the soft white breast. 

Millie took my hand and led me to her couch. I looked around in amazement. The living room in her apartment was bigger then the living room in my three thousand square foot house. She reached out and grabbed the front of her futon/couch, and pulled up then let it drop, turning it into a double bed. I admired the expensive walnut wood arms and legs of the futon. Millie tossed a satin sheet across the futon and sat down, patting the mattress next to her. As I sat down, she wrapped her arms around me, and said that she didn't want me to be more than an arm's reach away at all for the weekend. I asked her about cooking and going to the restroom, and she said that even then, she wanted us to be together. She also said that if it didn't sound gross, she wanted to sit in my lap when she had to go. I admit that I've done a lot of wild things in the name of sex in my life, but I had to confess to her that I didn't mind, but couldn't imagine how we'd do that. She said that she had to go now, and the best way was to show me. We stood up and she grabbed my cock and started toward her bathroom.

Millie told me to sit down and push my legs together. She stepped over my legs and then she told me to spread them apart. She sat down on my lap, facing me with her rock hard nipples just a fraction of an inch from my chin. She held them up and told me to nibble on them while she peed. I alternated from one to the other as she arched back slightly and let loose a huge stream. I had never heard a woman pee so hard in all of my life.

When she finished, she handed me a piece of toilet paper and asked me to wipe her pussy. With a husky voice, I managed to get a weak 'sure' out. My cock was standing tall and hard as stone. As I wiped her crotch with the toilet paper, she ran her hands through my hair and asked if I liked to have oral sex. I told her that my biggest joy in sex was feeling a woman orgasm while I caressed her hips and licked her clitoris. I also told her that when a woman shared an orgasm with me, I felt really proud and happy. She reached down and took my cock in her hands, and said that I could share an orgasm with her anytime I wanted to.

We moved back to the futon and started kissing and caressing each other all over. When I was so hot I thought that I was going to explode; I eased her down on her back. I started kissing her lips, and then worked my way down her soft belly, pausing at each nipple for a quick nibble. When I got to her pubic hair, I paused and ran my fingers through it, enjoying its curls bouncing between my fingers. She moaned and said that it was making her hotter than she had ever been. I resumed my kissing, working my way across her pubic hair and down to her clitoris. When I started kissing it, she softly yelled and told me to stop for a second. She reached down and tugged on the sides of her clitoris while squeezing the base. A small dark purple head popped out, glistening. She begged me to nibble and suck on it now that it was out and ready. I've never seen a woman with a clitoris that stuck out straight in front over an inch. This was definitely a first, but it wasn't going to be the last time that I saw this clitoris. 

I slid my hands under her hips and massaged them while I buried that precious button in my mouth. I ran my tongue all over it then sucked with all my might, all while gently nibbling on it. After what seemed like an eternity of pure bliss, she tensed and pushed her crotch up tight against my face. Millie started into the most intense shuddering orgasm I've ever been able to give a woman. She yelled out and squeezed me with her legs as she orgasmed, soaking my chin with her hot love juice.

After she came, she relaxed her legs. I slid up and centered my face between her nipples. I gently massaged them, and thanked her for such a beautiful orgasm, telling her that it was the best that I'd ever seen or felt. She put her hands on the top of my head and softly told me that she wanted me to put my cock inside of her and join our two bodies into one.

I slid over on top of her and she wrapped her legs around me. I slid my cock into her waiting love-box. As soon as I started in, I was afraid that I was going to orgasm right then. She was wet and tight, but it still felt like the smoothest silk sliding up my cock. The warmth and tightness of her willing body made me shudder with pleasure. I had ripples of pleasure coursing all through my body. After a short few minutes, way too fast, I felt her tighten up, push her crotch tight against me as we both orgasmed. This was indescribable pleasure that I wish would have lasted longer.

I lay down next to her and pulled her head up on my shoulder. As we quit panting, I told her to put one leg on each side of my left leg, and roll over on top of me so that I could feel her breasts against my chest. She protested, claiming that our lovemaking would run out all over me. I told her not to worry; I didn't care as long as I got to feel her exquisite body against mine.

As we neared a dozing state, I told her that she was the best at satisfying a man totally, down to the very inner core of his being. She asked what it felt like, and I said that it was so fabulous that there weren't words adequate to describe it, and now we were about to fall asleep with another beautiful part yet to come. 

She asked what it was, and I told her that going to sleep knowing that the first thing I would see when I awoke was her pretty face; she smiled and held me even tighter.

I knew now that my life was finally going to change into something fun and beautiful, something that I could enjoy totally.