 Though I enjoy parties, I often find myself overwhelmed by the noise and drinks after a few hours. This is why, at eleven o'clock on a Saturday night, I was lying on a bed in a dark room. A bass rhythm and the soft babble of voices was reaching me through the walls. I was going to give myself fifteen minutes, then jump back into it.

The room belonged to my best friend's sister, and it smelled like her perfume. Her name was Allie, and she was hot. Smoking hot. Blonde, thin, gorgeous. I was in a state of tipsy excitement about simply lying on her bed. I thought the few cones I'd smoked earlier were certainly worth it.

The door suddenly swung open, admitting the roar of music and causing me to squint in the relative brightness of the hallway. Selena, a girl a vaguely knew from my dorm, stepped hurriedly inside and closed the door behind her.

"Oh god," she moaned, and fumbled her belt buckle apart. Her jeans slid down around her ankles and she leant her back against the door. Her white cotton panties went the way of her jeans and she pulled one foot free, so that her legs were spread.

This all happened before I could even think 'What the fuck?' let alone of how to respond. In some disconnected corner of my mind, I noted with interest that although her hair was red, her pubes were black and curly.

She reached down and split herself neatly with a single finger. "Oh god," she whispered again as she probed against her clit. She was rubbing it in small, tight circles.

"Whoa," I finally managed. 

She stopped dead, standing like a rather smutty statue. Then her free hand made its ponderous way to the light switch.

With a click, I could suddenly see her properly. Her blue eyes were wide.

"Oh shit," she said shakily. She was obviously in some kind of shock, because she hadn't thought to move her incriminating finger from her button. We just stared at each other for a moment.

"Ohshitohshitohshit," she muttered and ducked down to grab her jeans, trying to put her foot back in the right hole. "I'm so sorry, fuck."

I rose and walked towards her as she made a particularly bad attempt at re-dressing.

"It's alright, I won't tell anyone," I reassured her. She looked like she was about to cry.

"This is so embarrassing," she groaned. I reached out and touched her arm, and she looked up right into my eyes.

"Do you...ah," suddenly I was the nervous one. "Do you want to keep going? Or me to do it for you?"

Our eyes were locked for what seemed an eternity, as my words sat like a solid weight between us. Then, as if in a trance, she took my hand in hers and guided it down to her fuzzy, plump mound.

As I felt my way through her coarse pubic hair to her slippery opening, I began to imagine she was my friend's sister. And yet, it was somehow more than imagination. Before my eyes Selena's red hair became blonde, her waist narrowed and her features transformed to goddess-like beauty. Allie. I rubbed her with my fingertips, just the way she had been doing herself.

She began to breathe heavily and I felt her hands at my fly. She produced my burning hard-on and began to clumsily pump it. Somehow the very fact of her inexperience made it real and exciting for me.

"We probably shouldn't be doing this," she panted to me.

"I don't want to stop," I replied.

"Me neither."

I reached up under her shirt with my free hand and took a hold of Allie's bra-clad breast. I massaged it gently, slightly increasing the pace of the fingers of my other hand.

"I'm gonna cum," I soon breathed heavily.

Without a word she pushed my hands away and sunk to her knees. She stuck her hand between her legs and took up where I had left off. She put my cock in her hot, wet mouth and moved it back and forth, with just the slightest hint of teeth.

"Oh shit," I gasped, feeling hot and dizzy, and shot semen all over her tongue. As it drained from me, her hair slowly melted back from yellow to red. I came more, in utter ecstasy. Her body was morphing. Finally I was slowly pushing my cock back and forward over Selena's tongue. For some reason, I wasn't disappointed.

Selena started up a muffled moaning, and her body began to quiver.

"Cum, baby, cum!" I whispered loudly to her.

"Mmph!" She cried, then let a shuddering sigh out through her nose.

I reluctantly pulled out, and Selena got to her feet. She seemed to be looking around for somewhere to spit. Eventually she made a face, and swallowed in one big gulp.

"Euch," she shuddered. I tucked my slippery member back into my pants and she pulled on her jeans.

"Well," she then said, looking uneasy.

"Hey, next time you feel...uh, yeah...you should come round to my room," I offered. She tilted her head and gave me a small smile.

"You know, maybe I will."

Simple as that, without another word, she returned to the party.