 A long week had finally come to an end. A week filled with stress, disappointment, and anxiety. My initial foray in to being an erotic fiction writer had been met with mixed results. I had started to sell a good amount of my books. I soon found out that an old saying was one hundred percent true, everyone is a critic. My author's page on a few websites I was selling books through was filled with the usual mix of comments. Everything from how great my stories were to the critical "you should just give up" kind of comments and of course because of the genre, I had several "you must be a whore" kind of comments. Luckily most of the websites took those kinds of comments down within a few days of them being posted. 

I had read over my last manuscript and was just not happy with it. It seemed uninspired. I was not sure what it was missing but, I knew there was no way I was publishing it. I wandered around my house for a bit doing small tasks. I felt kind of aimless and like I was missing something. It soon dawned on me what I needed, fun! As luck would have it that was the exact moment I got a text message from a friend of mine, James. He was having a party and asked me if I would like to come. That seemed like just the kind of fun I needed. I sent him a response and told him I would be there. He responded with the details, his place at eight.

I pulled up to the house just a little after eight. There were a few cars in James's driveway. Some I recognized and a few I didn't. I spotted a 1969 Corvette in the drive. I knew exactly who it belonged to and almost instantly knew where this party was heading. The car belonged to a guy named Tim. He was a close friend of James and has been at every one of James's, shall we say, more wild parties. As I got out of my car, I fixed my dress then headed to the door.

James greeted me with a huge smile. I know he wanted to hug me but was afraid he would ruin my outfit. I smiled as he invited me in to his home. James always reminded me of a living teddy bear. He is tall and a bit on the heavy side but, sweet and cuddly. Not to mention he was always fun to be around. His positive and fun loving attitude was infectious. I never heard anyone complain while he was around. We walked in to his den and there was a table set up and people playing cards. His den flowed into his dining room and kitchen. There were a few more people standing around conversing. Of course as I looked over at the small bar James had, I saw Tim pouring some drinks.

It didn't take Tim long to make his way over to me. He handed me a glass of wine and started in on his cheesy form of flirting. He complimented my dress and told me I looked sexy. I would have been a little more appreciative of it if he didn't already smell like a liquor store. Suddenly an attractive redhead walked towards us. "Tim, would you leave the pretty woman alone?" she said in an assertive yet playful tone.

He turned and looked at her. "Sure, honey. I am going to go to the bar. Would you like something?"

She smiled, "No, I have a drink already."

Tim shuffled off back to the bar and set his nearly full glass on the counter. "I am so sorry he acted like that." The woman said. "I tried to keep him sober but looks like I was out of my league. I am Melinda, by the way."

"Nice to meet you, I'm Robin." I responded. "How do you know Tim?" I followed.

"He is my husband." Melinda replied. 

This caught me off guard. I had never seen Tim wear a wedding ring. Not to mention I have heard stories about some of the young ladies he had hooked up with at James's parties. I was afraid to ask if she knew about those but then she threw me for another loop.

"Yes, Robin. I am aware of Tim's exploits." She commented as if to read my mind. 

I stuttered and stammered a bit. "It's okay. I could tell by the look on your face. Tim has been known to be a little promiscuous. It's okay with me as long as he doesn't bring any sort of STD home and doesn't blow me off in order to go play."

I was in shock. I was not so sure I would have had the same outlook if I knew my husband was getting drunk and having flings at parties. There was something about Melinda though. She had a confidence about her that was actually kind of sexy. She asked me if I would like to go sit at the couch in the far corner of the den. I nodded and followed. As we walked I could see more of her. She had a body that kind of made me jealous. I have never been good at guessing someone's dimensions but she had to be as close to the "perfect" stats as possible. She wore a black mini dress that I would swear was tighter than the one I was wearing. Her makeup was very subtle yet seemed to bring out the color of her eyes. I found myself attracted to her. 

We sat on the couch and started to talk. We discussed our professions, hobbies, fashion, and even Tim. James came by a few times to refill our wine glasses like a good host. The party went on for hours. Melinda and I seemed to be getting along great. I wasn't sure if what happened next was just because we were attracted to each other or because of the wine. I felt Melinda's hand rest on my thigh. She slowly rubbed my leg in a soft petting manor. I started to feel hot. I looked around and noticed several of the guests had left. James was at the bar as was Tim who was slumped over it. 

My gaze came back to Melinda. Her eyes sparkled. "I see why Tim likes you. You are really beautiful." She said as she continued to caress my leg. I responded telling her I thought she was beautiful too. This made her smile. Suddenly she leaned in and kissed me.

"I hope this isn't uncomfortable for you. I am just really attracted to you." She said as she broke the kiss. I responded that I was just fine with it. That is when she asked me a question that caused me to nearly lose control. "Have you ever been with a woman?"

I nodded. This must have thrown her for a loop. She grinned with a smile that seemed to stretch from ear to ear. She motioned for James to come over. When he got close enough she asked if he had a spare bedroom made up we could use. He too grinned and said yes. He told us the one at the back of the house was made up and we were free to use it. Melinda stood and kissed him on his cheek. She also whispered something into his ear that I couldn't make out but I would soon discover a little later.

Melinda took my hand and helped me up. She started to guide me towards the back when I stopped and asked about Tim. She looked at him, slouched and passed out over the bar. "Don't think he is going to be any problem." She quipped. 

We walked down a hallway that seemed to go on forever until we made it to the back bedroom. Melinda pulled me inside and shut the door. She spun me around and planted a passionate kiss right on my lips. I responded in kind. We stood there kissing for a few moments before making our way to the bed. Melinda broke the kiss and looked into my eyes. "Why don't we get more comfortable?" she said.

We both slid out of our dresses letting them fall in to small satin piles in the floor. Once again, I noticed how great her body was. Beautiful hourglass shape. Her breasts were bigger than mine. I guessed they had to be at least a D cup. I, however, did notice I had a more bubble shape to my butt. Melinda stood there wearing her bra and panties which were black satin like her dress. I was wearing more of a purple lace that went with the color of my dress. 

Melinda reached out and pulled me in close to her. We started kissing again as we slowly lowered ourselves on to the bed. Our hands roamed each other's bodies as our lips parted and tongues dashed into each other's mouths. I could tell Melinda had been with another woman before. She didn't seem the least bit nervous. I decided to make the next move and unfastened her bra. This caught her by surprise.

I removed it and tossed it into the pile of clothes already on the floor. I went for her neck, licking and kissing it just like I enjoy having done to me. She gasped as I made contact with her skin. I moved up and down her neck stopping only to nibble on her ears. Her perfume was intoxicating. Just her scent alone was enough to make me wet. I reached out and cupped one of her breasts. I could feel her heart pounding through it. I massaged it gently, squeezing it every so often. She moaned softly throwing her head back. "Oh Robin, you definitely know what you are doing."

I smiled and moved my head down to her breasts. With one hand I rubbed her right nipple feeling it harden in my hand while I lightly breathed on the other as I darted my tongue out to touch it. Again, Melinda gasped but, this time she pulled my head closer. I took as much of her tit into my mouth as I could, sucking on it like a baby. She ran her fingers through my hair, gently pulling on my ponytail occasionally as I alternated between her breasts. Her moaning grew louder and her breathing grew heavier.

After several minutes, I released my grip and moved back up to her neck and then her lips. My hands roamed her back feeling her curves. As we kissed she moved her hands to my back unsnapping my bra and removing it. We pressed our chests together rubbing our stiffened nipples together. I noticed my own breathing started to become heavier. 

Melinda broke the kiss this time and dove right into my chest. She squeezed my c cup breasts and darted her tongue back and forth between them. I gasped and called her name. I moved my hands down her back and cupped her ass. I could feel my wetness soaking my panties. I was a little worried I would soak the bed. I squeezed her cheeks as she continued to suck my tits. Melinda moved up and kissed my neck gently. That was when I lost it. I directed her down all the way on the bed and rolled her on to her back.

Like and uncaged animal I went back to her neck. I kissed my way down sucking lightly on her tits before continuing down. I kissed her stomach as I spread her legs. I pulled her panties off and tossed them a side. My head was already spinning when I got a smell of her wet and quivering sex. I lightly kissed it a few times. Melinda arched her back and moaned. Then I went in for the kill. I planted my mouth on her clit which was sticking up like a small erect penis. I sucked it into my mouth and flicked my tongue around it. Her body began to writhe at my actions. Over and over she called my name. I darted my tongue inside her wet pussy. Melinda grabbed my ponytail and pulled. I knew she was enjoying it. I loved her flavor. She had a sweet taste and smell. Her breathing was getting more rapid. She was getting close. I then inserted a finger into her rubbing her g-spot as I continued to lick and lap at her. 

It did not take her long to reach her climax. Her hips bucked against my face as she arched her back.

"OH MY GOD!!! ROBIN!!!!! I AM COOOMMMMIIINNNGGG!!!" she screamed. 

After her orgasm subsided, I removed my finger and moved back up to her. I started to put my finger in my mouth to lick her fluids off when she grabbed my arm. She then put my finger into her mouth licking it clean. I kissed her deeply with her fluid on my lips. She moaned softly. "I love how I taste." She said. I agreed. 

She smiled and called me a good girl. Then she told me to remove my panties. I pulled them off and did my best to toss them in to the pile that was my dress. I sat up to make the shot. Melinda grabbed my hips and pulled me on top of her face. Normally I wouldn't have been in to something like that but, I was so turned on I couldn't stand it. I almost climaxed as her tongue touched my clit. I was drenched and it felt as if I had buckets worth fluid flowing out of me. I moaned loudly as I gripped the sheets. Then she inserted two fingers in me, massaging my g-spot. I screamed in pleasure. I let go of the bed and fell forward, my face, once again, inches from her vagina. I wrapped my arms around Melinda's legs and dove back into her sex. I could feel her jump as I made contact with her clit. 

Louder and louder our moans grew. Both of us calling each other's name. I could feel my orgasm reaching climax and it was going to be huge. I screamed again as it hit me like a tidal wave. I could feel my body spasmming and arching. Melinda too reached her limit and bucked on the bed. I rolled off of her and faced her again before I collapsed. Melinda wrapped her arms around me and held me. "Such a good girl." She commented. I smiled and snuggled into her. She petted my head and kissed my forehead. We laid there in each other's arms naked and basking in the glow of our subsiding orgasms.

Suddenly we realized, we had an audience.

Our moans and cries had attracted the attention of our host. James stood near the door with a huge smile on his face. He was flanked on his left by a somewhat sobered up Tim. Both men stared at us as we laid there. At first I was alarmed but, Melinda held me close and asked the guys if they enjoyed the show. James responded. "Well, we didn't see much since we just got here." Tim simply nodded in agreement. Melinda grinned noticing that both men had erections. She turned to me and looked into my eyes. "Think you are up for another round? Looks to me like the boys want to play."

I giggled and smirked. Melinda took that as a yes and turned back to the guys. "Well, lose the clothes. It's not fair we have to be naked." 

Both men disrobed before she could finish the sentence. The men stood at the foot of the bed as if waiting for their next directions. Melinda smiled and asked me who I would like to play with. I was unsure and told her to choose first. She smiled and said she would take James. Tim smiled and made his way towards me. Melinda stopped him and looked in his eyes. "Tim, you play nice or you won't get to play with her again!" He nodded. Tim reached out and rubbed my shoulders as I sat up. Melinda had sat up as well and was reaching out for James's cock. 

I watched for a minute as she opened her mouth and began to suck him. She bobbed her head up and down. James was pretty long and fairly thick. From the angle I could see, Melinda seemed to be easily able to take at least half of him. My attention was soon diverted back to Tim. As I turned to face him, I noticed his cock standing at full attention. I looked up to see him watching his wife with a smile on his face. I took that as my que to reach out and jerk him. I stroked him a few times before pulling his cock into my mouth. He wasn't as thick as James but was just as long. I couldn't take more than about a quarter of his length. 

I bobbed up and down on his shaft stopping only briefly to actually lick the head of his cock. He asked me if I could deep throat. I told him no. He smiled and asked me if I wanted help. He pushed my head and tried to force more of his cock into my mouth. I started to gag and push away but he held my head. Suddenly there was a screech from the other side of the room. "TIM!" Melinda screamed. Tim let go of my head and his cock popped out of my mouth. I gasped for breath and coughed. I looked up to see Melinda pushing Tim against a wall. 

"What did I tell you? Now you get to just sit there and not participate." Melinda barked. Tim tried to protest but she threw a look at him. "Continue and you will put your pants back on." Tim mumbled something and then Melinda decided that was enough. 

"You know what? I am not going to deal with this, go home Tim." My jaw hit the floor. I had never witnessed anything like that. Tim, gathered his clothes and left. We heard the main door close and his Corvette drive off.

Melinda came and sat beside me. She wrapped her arms around me and comforted me. James started to leave but, Melinda asked him to stay. He climbed back up on the bed. Melinda turned to me, "Feel like sharing him? He has been a great host."

I nodded. He sat on the bed with his back against the head rest. It didn't take long for Melinda to get right back on his cock. She once again had him halfway in her mouth. I crawled over to them still a little in shock about had just taken place moments ago. Melinda let James's cock pop out from her mouth and looked to me as if to offer it to me. I took the offer and slowly took what I could of him, which wasn't much. I was surprised, however, when James moaned. Seemed like enjoyed my more gentle touch.

I bobbed on his cock for what seemed like several minutes until Melinda interrupted and I pulled off. We switched back and forth like that for a while. Melinda even slowed her pace and touch to match mine. This seemed to please James a lot. "Damn, ladies! I should throw more parties like this!" he moaned. We let go of his cock and Melinda turned her body so James could get at her pussy. He went to grab a condom but Melinda stopped him saying there was no time to waste. James smiled and quickly got into position. 

She moaned as he pushed in to her. She commented over and over about how "big" James was. I was a little jealous. James and I had flirted a little but, we never had gotten this far. I did think about it a few times. I turned my attention back to them to see James thrusting away into Melinda. Her eyes were nearly in the back of her head. It looked so good. My focus was soon fixed upon her bouncing breasts. I was suddenly hypnotized by them. Watching them bounce up and down as James fucked her brought only one thought into my head, must suck breasts!

I leaned down and grabbed Melinda's left tit. I massaged it gently before planting my mouth on it and once again going to town on it like and newborn. I felt Melinda's hand on my back running up and down from the middle of my back to the back of my head. I did my best to keep up with the rhythm the pair had worked up. Suddenly I felt another hand on my body. 

James had taken one of his hands and was massaging my ass while he continued to give it to Melinda. Of course both were so lost into what they were doing that the communication had degraded in to moans and grunts. The attention I was getting felt great. Little did I know, there was more to come. 

As I continued to suck Melinda's breasts, I noticed James's hand moved. I felt him rub against my dripping pussy. Now I was the one moaning as he massaged my aching sex. His fingers found my erect clit. He gently massaged it in a circular motion. I was impressed he could focus on something like that while plowing my new friend. Then I felt him put a finger inside. I let go of Melinda's chest as I gasped. I soon found myself moving with their rhythm against his hand. It felt amazing. James had some really big fingers. In fact I was pretty sure his fingers were almost the size of a few of my smaller toys and I'll be damned if he didn't know how to use them. I was lost in the pleasure when Melinda screamed.

Her orgasm hit her harder than the previous one we had. James picked up his pace to match her until she stopped. He pulled his cock out of her and his finger out of me. I was close. I needed to get over the edge.

I took control and asked Melinda to take the spot James had been and for James to move to the foot of the bed. They both were a little shocked but, Melinda soon figured out what I was up to. "Take it easy on me," she said, "I just came!"

Melinda smiled and spread her legs. I positioned myself between them on my hands and knees. My face pointed at Melinda's still quivering vagina and my own sex pointed at James's hard cock. He did not need any further direction. James grabbed my hips and mounted me. He was gentle as he pushed his cock inside me. I almost came right there. I could feel every inch of him enter as he went deeper and deeper and stretched my pussy out to accommodate his thickness. I had not felt this full since the time I had a strap on plunged into me. This, however, was way better than some toy. Once James was all the way in, he waited for a moment. Giving me the chance to get use to his size. Then he slowly began to move in and out. All I could do was gasp and moan. Melinda giggled a little. "Feels great, doesn't he?"
