 The party was going relatively well. There was alcohol but moderation kept most of the trouble away. Dan's son had invited several of his friends over. They all knew Dan and were comfortable being around him.

Ashley was having a nice time and went to thank Dan. "Thanks for letting us invade your home like this."

"You guys are always welcome, you know that."

Ashley sighed, "I know it's different than it used to be."

"Is there something wrong?"

About that time Greg wobbled up, "Hey Ashy, let's go fuck."

Ashley felt her face turning red with embarrassment, "Well that was certainly romantic."

"I'm too drunk to be roman - tic."

Dan wondered if a designated river for this party. If not, he or his son would have to volunteer. "Greg that was a stupid thing to say, all of you grew up together."

Greg tried to focus but simply couldn't do it. "I think I might get lucky."

"I think you need to go home." He held his hand out, "Give me your keys."

"I can - drive - myself."

Some of partiers that had heard him came to try to get the keys from Greg. Greg kept refusing and the noise was louder than the partying had been. Finally Dan had to yell to be heard, "SHUT UP!" He lowered his hands from his ears, "Damn." He hadn't spent 20 years in the Army without knowing how to handle a drunk. He held out his hand, "Give me the keys or I'm going to make you have sex with a goat."

Greg's eyes got huge and he nervously gave up his keys to Dan. Everyone else was having the same reaction and doing their best not to laugh out loud.

"Is someone the designated driver for this party?"

Adam was still trying to keep from laughing out loud, "That would be me dad."

Dan gave the keys to his son, "Drive your friend home in his car. Have someone follow you so they can bring you back." Adam grabbed Chuck and they both got Greg out of the house to take him home. Dan winked at Ashley, "That's how you handle a drunk."

After Greg was out the door, Ashley started cracking up, "That's how an adult handles a drunk."

"What are you talking about? You are all over 21 or you wouldn't be drinking here." He heard her give a heavy sigh, "What's wrong?"

"There's more to being an adult than just being 21. Take the way Greg came onto me."

"You said that it was different than it used to be. What was that all about?"

For and answer, she sighed, reached up and put her hands under her breasts, "These." Most of the girls here grew up with these guys. I used to play on the same soccer team as Adam when we were ten."

Dan nodded, "I understand. You grew up and now sex interferes with you being able to just hang out."

"Yeah," she thought about it for a few seconds, "How come you aren't like that?"

Dan chuckled, "You practically grew up in my home. I see you as a friend not a sex object."

Ashley liked his answer but was puzzled because she felt a little put out at the same time. "Thanks, I think. Your wife has been dead for over 6 months. Aren't you at least looking at other women?"

Now it was Dan's turn to sigh, "Ashley, I'm honored that you think of me and having sex but I could never satisfy you."

She had felt her face get red before, now it was burning, "I didn't mean me!"

Dan chuckled, "Good, you'd kill me."

"What do you mean?"

"Oh come on Ashley, your 21 and I'm way older." Dan winked at her, "But I have to admit you're pretty with your face all scrunched up like that."

She immediately stopped making the face she had been making and walked away. His teasing her had made her feel strange inside. She walked around until she found her best friend. Holly was the one Ashley went to when she needed help with things.

"Hey Ash, that was hilarious how Adam's dad handled Greg."

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Are you all right?" Holly looked at her friend closely, "No you're not."

"It's Dan, I'm all confused."

"You mean Adam's dad?"

"Yeah, we somehow got to talking about sex. I told him that it sometimes got in the way of just being able to relax and have fun, like this party."

Holly nodded, "It's because that's all the guys think about."

"I know that. Anyway Dan said that he could never handle me because of the age thing."

"Well he is a lot older than you."

"He's intelligent, thoughtful and always treats us with respect."

Holly gave her friend the once over, "Oh you've got it bad."

"I know. What do I do?"

"Well he's nice looking and he probably knows more about foreplay than all of these guys put together."

Ashley grimaced, "Greg's idea of foreplay was 'hey Ashy, let's go fuck'."

Both girls cracked up. Holly shrugged her shoulders, "So go do him."

"You're kidding."

"No, I'll run interference for you." Holly saw that her friend was actually considering the idea. She had known Ashley all of her life, and knew that if her friend was considering it then her friend was going to do it. She put a hand on her shoulder, "I want a full report afterwards." 

Bearing in mind who they were talking about, Ashley saluted her friend, "Yes mam."

Ashley caught up with Dan in the kitchen, "You should let us handle that."

He smiled at her, "I don't mind, people have already started leaving anyway."

"Your pool is open, how come you didn't go swimming?"

"Oh, I just figured that I should help with the party."

"It's Adam's party, that's his job." She looked to see if anyone was noticing them, "Can I use your bedroom to change in?"

Dan knew that most of the girls going swimming had used the bathroom to change, but he didn't mind. "Sure, go ahead."

Ashley went to his bedroom. Looking around, she took a deep breath and headed back to the kitchen. "Can you help me?"

Dan shrugged his shoulders, "Sure." As he followed her, he couldn't imagine what she needed help with.

Ashley led Dan into his bedroom. When he was inside, she turned and locked his bedroom door. Turning back around, she put her arms around him and kissed him.

Dan knew he should find some way to reject what she wanted to happen without hurting her feelings, but with her lips pressing against his, he just couldn't think of how. It had been a long time. Even before his wife had died, she had been sick for a long time.

Ashley barely parted her lips and his tongue slid past them. She figured that they would start by kissing and then proceed to taking their clothes off. It put her off guard when that didn't happen. He seemed perfectly happy to just stand there and kiss.

Dan had the urge to just rip her clothes off and kiss all over every inch of her body. But it was her comment to Greg's coming onto her that he kept hearing and made him decide to go much slower.

She definitely liked his version of French kissing. It had already turned into one of the most passionate and enticing kisses she'd ever had.

Dan spent some time rubbing her upper lips softly. He gently tugged her lips between his, and kept going back to just kiss her over and over.

This was new to her; she and Greg would have already been fucking. It was a nice change and she felt the heat start between her legs. 

"Ashley I need a stronger woman."

"What?" She saw him smile.

"I love that scrunched up face you make. You're willing to let the man do whatever he wants, but what do you want me to do?"

She was confused, wasn't letting him fuck her enough? "I don't really know." Feeling him tugging at her shirt, she lifted her arms to help him get it off of her.

"You should have told me to take your top off." It had been a really long time since he made love to a young woman. He found that he was actually nervous and it seemed to add to the excitement of the moment. "You should tell me to kiss your throat."

She couldn't help but moan. His lips and tongue were making their way down to her neck. He lingered just between her chin and her throat, "Ah," it was so very sensual.

Dan went back to kissing her and then slowly made his way to the rim of her ear and kissed it. After some time, he kissed her again and then went to nibble on her other ear. "You are so beautiful. Can I take your bra off?"

"Yes," Ashley felt light headed, "Take my bra off." When his lips pressed against hers she returned his kiss with the passion he was building in her. She felt him undo her bra and was impressed that he didn't fumble around and hurt her. As it fell to the floor she started to understand that he wanted her to be more vocal. "Take me to the bed."

Dan picked her up. He continued to kiss her and carried her to his bed. Ashley had grown into a nice young woman and he couldn't help feel that she deserved better than someone like Greg coming onto her. For that matter, she deserved someone better than him. Her pale gray eyes staring at him from a pixy like face that was framed by her brown curls was making him lose his breath.

Ashley felt embarrassed as she watched him staring at her. She was used to guys staring at her breasts, but Dan was staring at her face. It made her feel so exposed, but somehow she didn't want him to stop. 

Dan's mouth was watering and he hungered for her breasts. They called to him, "Should I suck your nipples?"

She was beginning to understand, "Not yet. You can play with my breasts but not the nipples." She felt the blood start to rush to her face, telling Dan what to do was a little embarrassing. 

He placed his hands under her nipples and gently caressed her lower breasts. He moved his hands to the sides of her breasts and then back to the bottoms. He kissed and licked all over, but not the nipples.

"My nipples need some attention now." It wasn't as embarrassing as before and she could feel something else replacing the embarrassment. "Mm," he teasingly brushed across her nipples and it sent a shock wave through her. He had made them so incredibly sensitive and hadn't even touched them until then. It was just a light touch but she ached for more.

Dan slowly lowered his mouth to her breasts watching her eyes as he did. He liked seeing the desire there. After playing and sucking both nipples, he purposely started licking and kissing all over the sides and bottoms of her breasts again.

"Mm," she pressed his head to her breast and felt his lips start to suck her nipple again. He was driving her crazy. First he would tease one nipple and then he would lick her other one so softly. Back and forth, back and forth, she felt like her breasts were one big nerve.

Dan felt her trying to take his shirt off. He moved away from her and got between her legs. "What should I do? Should I take your clothes off?"

She nodded and he didn't do a thing. Then she grinned at him, "Yes, take my clothes off."

Dan smiled at her. Unsnapping her shorts, he pulled them off of her. Standing there in nothing but her panties, she was a vision of invitation. He put his fingers in the waistband of her panties and pulled them down her long legs and off of her.

Ashley felt extremely vulnerable lying there with nothing on. The look of lust he had on his face she had seen before. Other guys she had been with had gotten that look, but this was oddly different. The others had that look before they ever got to the sex part. Dan didn't have it until she had given it to him.

Dan took his shirt off and tossed it on the floor. This was followed be his jeans and underwear. He got on the bed and kissed her. "I hope you aren't disappointed."

Ashley felt her heart jump. How could she be disappointed? He was older but because of being in the military he had kept fit. She returned his kisses that became more passionate and increasingly more intense. Her brain could almost anticipate what he was going to ask her, "Explore my body with your mouth." She saw his approval that she had told him to do something without him having to ask her to do it.

Dan slid his lips off of hers and made a wet trail down her body, making sure he licked and sucked her nipples again. He finally got to her flat sexy stomach. He gently blew across her and saw little goose bumps. 

She felt his tongue dip into her navel and then he kissed her stomach all over. Her vagina couldn't be more than a few inches from his mouth yet he continued to kiss and lick her stomach. He was watching her face waiting for her to tell him what she wanted him to do. "You can touch my legs but not my pussy." Ashley had never said that word to a guy before. She knew she should be embarrassed, but she wasn't. 

Dan wanted to lick her between her legs so badly, but he had to wait. More importantly he had to make her wait. He gently tickled with his forefingers from her thighs all the way up to her pussy. Still he denied them both and gave her gentle kisses and touches all over her thighs, knees and calves. He even licked her feet.

Ashley loved it, and even though she ached for fulfillment she still wanted more of what he was doing. She corrected herself - what they were doing. When he licked the back of her knee she found it a little ticklish at first but it soon made her even more aroused.

Dan was really enjoying himself. This was more than just sex. She was allowing him to explore her body as she desired. As he teased behind her knees she seemed to be a little ticklish, so he couldn't help himself but to keep doing it. He got the same reaction when he licked between her toes. Finally raising up he moved between her legs, made eye contact with her and waited.

Ashley felt a strange sensation, "You can touch my pussy." She had never felt this way before and somehow knew that the lust she had seen on guys faces was now on her own.

He licked her soft thighs and brushed his fingers across her pussy. He heard her moan and continued to play for just a few minutes. It wasn't time for that - yet. "Would you like to play with me?" 

She was having trouble breathing, "I want to suck your cock." 

"I want to give you what you desire." Dan shifted so his hard cock was up near her head.

Ashley wrapped her fingers around his erection. It wasn't so much as her giving him pleasure as she was receiving her reward. She had made him hard. She had let him play and it had affected him. She felt the power he had given her over him and she liked it. Staring at his face, she felt the odd sensation of power again and wanted to feel more.

Dan watched as she closed her lips around his cockhead. "Mm, oh yeah."

Ashley saw him close his eyes and took his cock out of her mouth. When he opened them again she continued to suck him. After being without sex for so long, the pleasure must have been really intense for him. When he closed his eyes again, she couldn't help herself and stopped doing anything until his eyes opened. "You bad boy, don't you close your eyes unless I want you too." She had never imagined herself saying anything like that to anyone before.

Her mouth felt like wonderful torture. He loved it. Ashley would give pleasure and hold it back as she pleased. Years ago their sex life was in danger of getting boring and he and his wife had discovered role playing. One of his favorites was the dominatrix.

The world that she was entering was new to her. Ashley new she would have to explore it slowly to find out what she liked to do and what she did not like to do. She wanted to fuck him in the worst way but now she wanted something else as well. Before that happened, she wanted him to obey. 

She continued to suck him so he would remember how good this was with her. Changing how far she took him in, how long she stayed that way and how hard she sucked Ashley already knew she wasn't doing this for him but for herself. Finally, she ripped his cock from her mouth. She was breathing almost as hard as he was. Her eyes were glazed with the passion she felt. "I want your mouth on my pussy."

Dan found himself getting between her legs without thinking about it too much. He prided himself in giving pleasure to a woman with his mouth and tongue.

She loved oral sex, giving and receiving, but the guys she had been with were definitely lacking in the knowledge of how to do it. That would end right now. "Slowly lick the outer edges of my pussy." She felt him doing it and almost had her orgasm. 

Ashley didn't like to use or hear certain words and pussy was definitely one of them, at least it had been. She would be hearing and saying quite a few of those words in her bedroom from now on. Her vagina and a penis were for reproduction with someone she loved. Those things were part of having a family and live happily with her soul mate. But her pussy was a means to have fun, and now show could have power over a man. 

"Use long slow strokes as you lick my pussy all over." Feeling him do as she was telling him was turning her on more and more. "Mm huh, like that." "Ahh, now lick my clit."

Dan licked both up and down and sideways to give her as much pleasure as he could. With the way she was moving all around, he had his hands full. 

"Ooh...yeah...like that," Dan at least knew what he was doing and it was wonderful. "Lick my clit more." His responding to her demands made it feel even better, but she didn't want to get off just yet. Ashley liked having a pussy and she needed a hard cock in it. "Stop," watching him just waiting for her to say something made her feel so unrestrained. Her heart felt like it would beat right out of her chest, "Put that big hard cock in my pussy."

Dan climbed over her, placed his cock to her pussy and pushed it in. His lips found hers as his cock felt the incredible sensation of being inside of her body.

"A-h-h," she had the feeling of being full. "Crap," as he slid in and out waves of pleasure pulsed through her. Ashley found herself being pulled in different directions. She was literally in the middle of two worlds. The girl that she had been when she came into the bedroom was enjoying herself. Dan was damn good in bed and he was definitely going to make her get off. The younger guys could learn quit a lot from him. But, her giving him a command and then having him do it had turned had her on more than she had ever been. The power had given her the feeling that her body was on fire and that was even before he had put his cock in her. 

Dan hadn't been with a woman since his wife had died. He could have found a woman that would have left him satisfied sexually but there would always have been something missing. Ashley was young but she was making him feel things he hadn't since he had made love to his wife. It had been so special to him when she had told him what to do and when to do it because that was what his wife had done. 

"O-h-h babe," her body was someplace a man could get lost in for hours, enjoying his adventure. He felt her hot pussy grabbing his cock with each stroke. It made him want to cum.

Ashley could feel his cock start to swell and had enough experience to know he was close. "Don't cum yet." She had to suppress a laugh as she felt him slow down and yet still fuck her. She could see on his face that he was trying to think of anything but how it felt to be in her. "Suck my nipples."

Dan maneuvered so that he could concentrate on the hard nipple in his mouth not his cock in her hot pussy. He hadn't held back from cumming in a long time and it was very difficult.

"Yeah like that," Again Ashley felt her body responding to the power. The pleasure from her cock filled pussy was running into the pleasure from her nipples being sucked and everything was being overshadowed by the feeling of the control that she had over him, which was acting like a drug for her. 

It was exquisite torture. Dan moaned as her young body tormented and pleased him at the same time. "I can't hold back any longer."

Ashley had heard him almost beg her for a release and that would do - for now. "Fuck me with that hard cock! Make me cum!"

His body took over and his mind gave up. The control he had been exercising was gone. Dan started plowing into her, harder, deeper and faster, "Augh — Augh — Augh — Augh — Augh!!" He gave her more and more, pushing and ramming as forceful and as powerful as he knew how. 
