 This story features cuckold and cheating themes. If this doesn't interest you, please don't read on.

*****

My girlfriend and I had been invited to my best friend's birthday party. Everyone was incredibly excited about it. No one had seen him since he left for university. His parents had given him the house and left him to get on with it so our little group of friends arrived with alcohol and high spirits.

There was five of us all together including me and my best friend, Brad. I had been with my girlfriend, Amy, for nearly a year and since then she had broken into our little social circle. I still have no idea how I managed to catch her. She was a stunning redhead with pure white skin only broken by the occasional group of freckles spattered along her arms and cheeks. He face was the quintessence of cuteness, her eyes a deep piercing brown, full plump pink lips and a smile that would make you melt. On this night, she had her long, ginger hair down in curls over her shoulders perfectly framing the little hint of cleavage shown by her dress. Her boobs were milky white as well and she was a full 32DD. Her waist was slim then suddenly shot out with her hips for the perfect hour glass figure. Her dress struggled to control her voluptuous ass and the hint of leg she had on show was already driving me wild. We hadn't slept together yet though. She said her previous relationship had been ruined by jumping into bed too quickly and she didn't want to do the same with me. I was happy to wait for her though, and believe me, with a body that good she'd definitely been worth the wait.

The other two members of the group were both girls as well. One, Alison, was friends with Amy and joined the group because of her. She was a little shy, but friendly once you were able to get her out of her shell. She had messy brown hair just past her years but not many curves. The last friend was Sara. One of her parents was from India or somewhere similar so her skin was almost a mocha colour. She didn't have much in the way of boobs, but huge hips and ass. She was a little bit chunkier than the two other girls and her jet black hair was always in various exotic buns and ponytails.

We arrived at Brad's house a few minutes late, Amy had been messing around with her hair. I was shocked by how much he had changed. When I last saw him he was just above average height, taller than me by an inch or two, but quite weedy as well. He'd gone to uni to study computer science or something similar, so being greeted by a broader, muscular Brad took me a little aback. His hair was brown, bordering on fair, a little bit longer than most guys have it so it finished halfway down his ear. He had the hint of a beard giving him a rugged look I would never have associated with my old school friend. He looked much broader than the last time I had seen him and his arms appeared to have doubled in size.

"Amy!" He said with a smile as he drew my girlfriend in for a hug. I couldn't help but notice the way her boobs pressed up against his hard chest.

"Brad?" She almost stammered back, "Oh my god, you look amazing!" Brad had let her go and pulled me in for a manly hug.

"Ha-ha, thanks. There was a free gym on campus. I've turned into a bit of a gym rat!" He smiled broadly at us both. Amy was just staring at him with approval etched across her face. It sent a small jolt of something that felt like jealousy through me, but had a weird kick to it.

He invited us both in. The other two girls were already there having a hushed discussion and looking over at Brad every now and then. He made us both a drink and it wasn't long before the party was in full flow. Someone found some CDs and started blaring music at an insultingly loud volume and the drinks had started flowing. There was lots of chatter, lots of catching up and a little bit of dancing when a particularly good song came on. It wasn't until around midnight that, exhausted, we all ended up sat around the living area trying to catch our breath back.

"What do we do now?" Sara asked, sipping her vodka drunkenly.

"Spin the bottle?" Alison responded with a laugh. There was a groan from the other two girls.

"We're a little outnumbered Ali," Amy said with a smile.

Alison had a little think, "Well, we should do something like that anyway. Strip poker?"

"Still outnumbered," Sara said this time, rolling her eyes.

"We could do teams!" Alison shouted as if it was the best idea in the world. "Girls versus boys." I couldn't help but notice her eyes fell deliberately on Brad as she spoke.

"I don't know how to play poker..." Amy muttered reluctantly.

"Blackjack then!" Alison said.

"I don't know..." Amy mumbled, "Won't it be a bit weird?"

"Come on, we're all friends here." Brad chimed in with a wink. "You're up for it aren't you?" He continued, nudging me in the ribs. I gave a sly look over at Brad. There was no question he had a better body than me. But then I glanced over at the three girls. Amy was by far the hottest, but the other two weren't ugly either. I'd have happily seen any of them with their kit off.

"Well, ummm, I guess so..."

Amy ended up relenting. Brad went off to find a pack of cards while the girls whispered to each other and giggled, apart from Amy who was just looking wistful. Brad returned a few minutes later and, after a brief discussion of the rules, we started playing. Brad was pretty good. With the first few hands he basically single handily got the girls pants off. Amy was the only one wearing a dress, so she had to hike it up so we could see her knickers. She was wearing a black thong. I caught Brad having a crafty peek several times.

But then the luck shifted and Brad and I found ourselves with our tops off. I was thankful to discover than Brad didn't have a six pack, although he was nicely toned with a flat stomach and hard looking ab muscles. Soon after we lost our pants as well and ended up sat in our boxers before, finally, we managed to get the girl's tops and Amy's dress off. The girls were sat in their bra and panties and we gents were sitting in our boxers. The next hand would be the money shot.

The girls were dealing. Their face up card was a jack. Brad and I were dealt a ten and a seven.

"We should hit," Brad was pretending to whisper, loud enough for the girls to her so they could have a giggle at us. I wasn't so sure. I'd only agreed to this because I wanted to see the girls naked. I didn't really want to strip for them!

"But..."

"They probably have another picture," Brad interrupted with a frustratingly knowledgeable tone. "I'm sure there should be a four somewhere soon.

"I think we should stick," I found the confidence to say, "They might have the four." Brad looked at me with a condescending look.

"We should hit," he reiterated, "but it's your turn to make the call. It's up to you." I gave it a bit of thought. I was not much of a gambler. I'd only ever played blackjack with my grandma for matchsticks. But I was getting intimidated by the girl's sideways look towards Brad and his body. Even Amy had started taking little peeks. I don't think a single one of them had looked at me.

"Stick," I said with confidence. It would be fine. We'd win the hand and the girls would be swayed by bravery. They flipped over their card. It was a king. Maybe not.

"Told you," Brad said, giving me a playful slap on the back that felt harder than it needed to be. He reached across and flipped over the top card in the deck as the girls laughed. The top card was a four, just as he had said, "Told you!" He shouted again, with a laugh.

"Come on then boys, get them off!" Sara squeaked with glee. Amy had started going a bit red and I felt my cheeks going a similar colour. Brad showed no nerves, deliberately getting to his feed and placing his thumbs under the elastic to his shorts. I slowly lifted myself up next to him and did the same, shaking slightly. The sight of the girls in their underwear had given me a slight semi and I was very aware that they could see it when I stood up.

"One!" The girls said in unison, Amy a little quieter than the rest, "Two! Three!" Together Brad and I pulled our boxers right down to our ankles and stood back up. There was a gasp from all three girls then nervous giggling. I realised none of them were looking at me. Even Amy was staring, slightly open mouthed at Brad's junk. A sideways glance told me why. His dick was huge! He too was sporting a slight semi, but he was double my size. He had a little bit of girth on me as well. He must have been seven inches and not fully hard yet. Sara and Alison started whispering to each other again and giggling loudly. Amy just stared at Brad's dick. After a few seconds she seemed to collect herself and realised I was looking at her. She made eye contact with me and smiled, embarrassed.

"You look very nice, baby." She probably didn't mean for it to sound as patronising as it did.

After a few minutes of me standing awkwardly and Brad strutting around confidently, we all got dressed again. Our energy had been restored and the music started playing again. The four others were all dancing while I watched, feeling completely crushed. I couldn't get the way Amy looked at Brad out of my mind. To my knowledge, she had never looked at me like that. Longing and lust in her eyes, mouth slightly open. She'd returned to her normal self now and was ushering me to dance with her. I shook my head though and motioned that I was getting a drink.

I took my time in the kitchen trying to collect myself. It wasn't a big deal. All girls like the look of big dicks, but they don't really prefer them do they? There's millions of men with penises the size of mine and they all manage to get laid, have a wife and kids. Just because Amy can appreciate the size of Brad's junk doesn't mean she wants him. I shook my head and cursed myself for being so silly. I returned to the living room with drink in hand and froze as I entered.

Brad and Amy were dancing together, but a little closer than I was expecting and there was no sign of Alison or Sara. Amy's tits were pressed against his chest and, although Brad has his back to me, I was certain his hands were groping her ass. His head was by her ear and he was whispering something. Amy had her eyes closed and was biting her lip slightly at whatever was being said. After a few seconds, Amy opened her eyes and saw me. She said something I couldn't hear and Brad's hands rose up a little bit. She pulled away from him and grabbed my hand. She was flushed and seemed to walk a little delicately as if she was light headed.

"Brad was just telling me about uni," she said with an innocent smile. Brad nodded behind her with a smirk.

An hour later, we decided to call it a night. Sara and Alison shared Brad's brother's room while Amy and I were allowed to stay in his parents' bedroom. I was still a little shaken by the events of the evening, but I figured sleeping next to Amy would no doubt help my confidence. She'd stripped back down to her underwear for bed and it was amazing feeling her skin against me. This was the closest we had ever been. She had given me a huge kiss goodnight and a loving smile before she turned away and let me spoon her. Who was I kidding? There was no way she wanted to fuck Brad. Clearly she was telling the truth. I felt so stupid for ever doubting her.

My paranoia kicked in immediately a few hours later when I awoke from a fitful sleep. Alcohol always prevented me from getting a good rest so it wasn't unusual for me to wake up. What was unusual, however, was that Amy was no longer next to me. Alcohol had the opposite effect on her. She should have been dead to the world until morning. Checking the time, I found I'd been asleep for a few hours. It wasn't until I had rubbed my eyes and stretched that I realised I could hear a noise coming from the hallway. The bedroom door was open slightly, strange as we had closed it before bed, and there was a wet smacking coming from the corridor. Quietly as I could, I stepped out of bed and slowly tiptoed to the door. I cautiously peeked through the gap and almost fainted. My head started swirling and I had to grip the doorframe to stay upright.

Amy was out there. And so was Brad. And they were very, very close. Amy had her back to the door, Brad was pushed up against the wall. Her tits were pressed against him as much as possible and his hand was all over her large, white ass, still in her black thong. They were kissing with a passion I had only ever seen in films, it was as if they were trying to eat each other. One of her hands was furiously rubbing her pussy, the other was jerking Brad's cock through his shorts.

They broke their kiss and I heard Amy whisper, "I need your dick," just loud enough for me to hear. Brad started rubbing Amy's pussy now and she let him, moaning softly and pushing her head into his chest.

"What about your boyfriend?" Brad asked, almost guiltily as he looked to the door. I had to duck my head back in to not be seen.

"Fuck him," was Amy's reply sending waves of emotion through me. Jealousy was a big one. My head swam with it. My mouth went dry and my heart was pounding relentless against my ribcage. And yet, my dick had sprang to life. I was hard as a rock, cock threatening to rip my boxers apart. I heard some more smack, not lips on lips this time and I counted to ten before taking another look.

Brad had pulled himself away from the wall now and was at a slight angle to me giving me a much better view. Had he done that on purpose? Did he see me? If he did, he did a great job not letting on. Amy was kissing down his body as she slowly dropped to her knees. She held his boxers in her hand and took a deep breath.

"I knew as soon as I saw your dick that I had to have it," she whispered, looking up at him, "you're so fucking huge..." He smiled at her as she lowered his boxers. His cock almost hit her in the face as it sprung out. She had that look on her face again. The look of lust. She stared at his dick with a mixed of shock and arousal on her face.

"Oh my god..." she murmured, taking his dick in her hand, "you're soooo much bigger than my boyfriend." Another spike of jealousy and yet, my cock hardened. "Can I suck it Brad? Please can I suck it?" I couldn't believe I was hearing those words. My girlfriend begging to suck another man's dick.

Brad grabbed the back of Amy's head and pulled her towards his cock. Her lips parted as the head of his dick penetrated her mouth. "Suck my cock you little slut," Brad whispered, eliciting a contended moan from Amy. With one hand she jerked Brad as shed sucked, the other had found itself to her pussy. She pulled her knickers aside and was rubbing herself. This was the first time I had seen her pussy. And it was while she was sucking another man.

Amy swapped between taking Brad's dick as deep as she could in her mouth and licking all over his shaft and balls. I had never seen anyone suck cock so enthusiastically. Not a single millimetre of his cock was neglected. She licked and sucked his balls before running her tongue up his long shaft. Then she'd shove it desperately into her mouth and try and take it all, only managing just over half. Then she'd gag and splutter before pulling off so her saliva dripped between his dick and her mouth. Then she'd jerk him off happily as she moaned before starting it all over again. Brad's hands hand pulled her bra down so her amazing, pure white tits were on show and he swapped between massaging her gorgeous breasts and pulling her head down further onto his cock. 

For some reason, some weird, twisted reason, I was turned on immensely by what I was witnessing. Amy was a stunning girl. The most gorgeous creature I had ever seen. And watching her with a cock that big just seemed right. She deserved a dick that big. I found myself jerking my own dick as I watched without even realising it. I could only jerk myself a few times before I had to stop and prevent myself from cumming in my shorts.

She must have spent ten minutes sucking his cock until she could finally pull herself away. In one swift movement, she stood, pulled her panties down to her knees and bent against the wall.

"Fuck me," she moaned desperately, "please fuck me with that huge dick."

"More than happy to," was Brad's reply. "You're just like those horny bitches at uni. Always begging for my cock." He ran his dick up and down her pretty little pussy as he spoke.

"Shut up and fuck me," she breathed back. His response was to shove his dick inside her.

She must have really loved sucking his cock, because he slid into her with very little resistance. She took the first few inches and moaned heavily. Slowly he started forcing the rest of his big dick inside her. As she took more and more her noises got louder until he had to cover her mouth with his hand. She couldn't quite take him balls deep and he bottomed out inside her with a centimetre left.

"Don't worry," he whispered into her ear, "I'll make it fit." She moaned in pleasure at his words as he slowly pulled out of her and pushed himself back in. I could already see a marking of whiteness around his cock to show how deep he had got inside her. They'd only just started and she was already creaming on his dick!

He started to pick up speed, his hips slapping against her large ass. His hand stayed across her mouth, and a good thing to. Her moans were picking up such speed that she'd probably wake the neighbours, never mind Sara and Alison just a few doors away.

Expertly, he held her waist in such a way that he could fuck her hard but minimise the noise. Amy moaned something that sounded like "I'm cumming" and he picked up speed in response. His thrusts had allowed him to work his way further inside her and he was now ball deep in her. Ball deep in my sweet, innocent girlfriend. Her back arched suddenly and one hand found its way to his hip. She made as if she was trying to make him slow down, but it didn't work. He just continued laying into her pussy as she scratched at the wall and moaned into his hand. Her body seemed to spasm with every thrust. Eventually, she let out a second muffled scream and he slowed down, pushing himself as deep into her as he could get. He released her mouth and she leant against the wall taking deep breaths.

"Fuck..." she groaned, "you...made me...cum twice..." He smiled at her, then glanced around towards the door I was hiding behind. For half a second I thought he had seen me before I ducked away, hand still on my dick. My heart raced and I waited for him to say something about me watching. But he didn't.

Instead he said, "I'm gonna fuck you against your door."

"Wh-what?" She muttered, sleepily.

"I'm going to fuck you against your door while your boyfriend 'sleeps' inside." Did I just imagine the emphasis he put on the word 'sleeps'? Or had he actually seen me.

"That's...so fucking naughty..." she panted. I noticed she didn't say no. The door next to me closed suddenly and I heard Amy place herself against it ready for him. I pressed my ear against the door. I could hear her soft moans clearly. It was as if the door wasn't there. Then the slapping started. Her moans got louder and lustier.

"Fuck me hard," I heard her demand. There was a louder slap in-between the others as if he had spanked her ass.

"Bet your boyfriend couldn't make you cum like this," I heard Brad say. Did he say it because he knew I was listening?

"He's...never fucked me." Amy moaned back, "But with that little dick? No way." The talking was replaced with moaning. He was fucking her hard against the door, just inches away from me. With every hard thrust the door shook slightly on its hinges. "Fuck, I'm cumming again!" I heard Amy moan, desperately trying to keep her voice down. There was a muffled scream as Brad must have covered hear mouth again as she orgasmed into his hand.
