 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to Angel Love for her editing to make this a better story.

*

"Oh, wow! I love this décor! It's so masculine." 

I wondered what the tall, shapely blonde meant by that remark. She was running her hand over the long, thick wooden dining table as if it was some sort of sensuous object. I was wishing she was rubbing those fingers over certain of my body parts instead of the table. Or maybe I could rub certain of my body parts down between that never-ending valley between her generous sized knockers.

"Well?" she asked, looking at me questioningly.

"I'm sorry. I didn't understand your question."

"I just asked what the monthly rent is on this place."

"Oh, yes. It's $1800 a month for the apartment, including kitchen privileges in the master suite downstairs and all utilities except a phone."

"Well, it sure is a nice apartment. I really love the big bathroom with that garden tub. And the queen-sized bed ... I've never seen a bed that well-built before. And I love this furniture. It's just that ... well, it will be really close on my budget unless I can find some extra jobs."

"What kind of work do you do?"

"Well ... it's only part-time but I've done some modeling for a few magazines. Actually I'm taking a full load of classes at the university so my opportunities are rather limited."

"Sounds like you have a busy schedule."

"Oh, it's not that bad. Actually I like all of it but ... well, I'm losing my current roommates so I'm having to move out of my apartment and this is the most affordable thing I've seen, even though it is much nicer and cleaner than a lot of places. How much deposit do you require?"

"Just $500," I said.

"That's not too bad. Do you have to have all the first month's rent up front?"

"Yeah, I'm afraid so. Is that a problem?"

"Well ... it will make it pretty tight for me for awhile. I need to do some figuring to see if I can make it."

I sighed. I didn't want to lose this one. She was a real beauty, a looker with an amazing looking body. Just being in her aura seemed to say, 'fuck me silly.'

"Uh ... I usually don't mention this to my tenants but ...," I lowered my voice somewhat, "... we do have an alternate payment plan for certain people who prefer to use it."

Suddenly she brightened up as if I had offered her a million-dollar check. "Oh, you do? Tell me about it, please."

"Uh ... well, I'm not ... uh, sure that you'd ... you know, really be interested. Maybe I shouldn't have said anything."

She turned and put a lovely tanned hand with long fingers and crimson nail polish on my forearm. I could smell her sweet perfume, a fragrance that, along with the closer view of her deep cleavage had my third leg expanding. I imagined that I could actually feel the heat of her body but knew that was just my imagination.

"Please tell me," she begged. "If there's any way I could get this apartment ... and keep it ... I would."

I reluctantly drew my eyes up from her large breasts to her face. She was earnestly gazing into my eyes and I could see understanding begin to dawn on her face. "Ohhh," she said. "I think I understand."

"Wait. I'm not trying to get you to do something you don't want to do. I mean, yes, I'd love to ... well, you know what I mean. But I wouldn't want you to do that unless ... uh, unless you decided you wanted to."

"Well, let's just talk about this a little bit," the sweet thing said, tossing her head so that her long blonde tresses moved to the side of her face. "Let's just say that I was to be agreeable to making full use of this alternate payment plan. How much of my rent could be paid that way?"

"All of it, if you choose to make a full trade."

"Oh? And what does a full trade involve?"

"One night a week and one daytime session, usually an hour."

"What happens in the night sessions?"

"Anything we want and you stay until near daylight the next morning."

"Are you the one who would collect?"

"Yes, I'm the only one."

"How do you know that I'd be worth it?"

I turned at her with an incredible look. "Are you crazy?"

She laughed and patted my shoulder. "Thank you, sugar. That's sweet. Can the security deposit be paid the same way?"

"Of course."

"When could I move in?"

"When could you make the security deposit and first week's payments?"

"I don't know. I guess I could start tonight and tomorrow, if you want to."

"I guess you could move in tomorrow."

She leaned against my right shoulder, holding my arm against her breasts, letting her head lay against me. "I just know I'm going to love living here."

"I'm sure the feelings will be mutual, my dear."

She moved around in front of me and flung her arms around my neck. Straining upward to press her lips to mine for a delicious kiss, she also pressed her body into my erection which pushed back unforgivingly. When she pulled away, she winked at me and said, "Uh, huh, I think this is going to be a great arrangement. You don't mind if I bring a little suitcase of my things to your place tonight, do you?"

"No, my dear, you may bring whatever you like," I said, letting my hands slide down her back until I cupped her buttocks.

She just smiled and backed away, poking a finger at my chest and saying, "Payment starts tonight, sugar. Be ready."

Her name was Janelle but she preferred to be called Jan. She was a 21-year-old university junior majoring in Marketing . I immediately wondered what she intended to market.

Jan signed the lease agreement in my office and then left. She said she would be back by 8 o'clock that evening and we could begin her payments. However she returned a few minutes after 7 and told me that she was ready to start at any time.

Having already closed the office and eaten a bite of dinner, I was ready for anything this beauty was willing to do. I showed her around my apartment, which was bigger than hers but furnished similarly. She bounced on my king-size bed and gave her approval. 

She sat on my heavy dining table and said that she liked it. She even lay back and let her short skirt slide up her beautifully tanned thighs until I caught a glimpse of an aquamarine thong. I soon had a problem with space and arrangement in my shorts and wanted to drop between those luscious thighs and have my evening dessert right there, but knew that I wanted to start on her face first.

Back in the living room, she flopped on the sofa and pulled me down beside her. She turned and let me kiss her, opening her mouth when my tongue snaked between her sweet lips. We kissed long and, at least for me, passionately. When her hand landed on my upper thigh, my hands began to rove over her body and I felt up her very sizeable tits, down to her ass, and finally around to cup her mound. Meanwhile her hand found my erection and her fingers closed around it.

In just a few minutes, she had my cock out of my shorts and had leaned over, closing her pretty lips around my shaft while her tongue explored every bit of my fevered flesh. While she lingered over my probe, my fingers loosened the buttons on her blouse, unsnapped her bra and prepared her jeans for removal.

I was so turned on watching her blonde head bobbing up and down. But I was afraid she was going to make me cum and I did so want to put my first load deep in her pussy. So I pulled her up and stripped her clothes off, then let her pull my shorts off while I lifted my bottom. When I sat back on the sofa, Jan straddled my lap, guided my cock into her hot love tunnel and eased herself down until her sweet box completely engulfed my member. She put her hands on the sofa beside my head and rode up and down while I kneaded her tits and tweaked her hard nipples. It was a matter of minutes before we both came.

I offered Jan something to eat while we were recovering and she accepted so we padded to the kitchen without putting on any clothes. I offered her the run of my refrigerator and my prong began to stiffen again as I watched her bent over checking out my food supply. She finally selected some lunch meats and sliced cheese. We fixed sandwiches and talked and Jan sat on the end of my heavy dining table while she ate. When I moved close to her, she spread her legs and let me move right up to her.

I couldn't help getting hard again, watching the beautiful, sexy woman sitting naked on my table. My cock lilted and began questing for a warm place to hide. Jan just smiled and kept eating her sandwich. But when she popped the last bite in her mouth, she wrapped her fingers around my shaft and tugged it to her sensitive hole.

I eased my cock back into her sweet hole and, as she lay back on the table, I lifted her legs to my shoulders. For the next several minutes, I concentrated on plowing her fertile furrow and rubbing her little nubbin each time my balls smacked against her ass. 

She began to mutter, "Oh ... oh ... uh ... ooohh ... ooohhhh, " and the expression on her face was pure lust. 

I watched her cum, feeling the pressure as her pussy clamped around my cock. Afterward when I concentrated on my own pleasure, banging into her ass hard time after time, I savored the release as my balls spit their load of hot sperm into her sexy body.

When I had some strength back in my muscles, I picked her up and carried her to my living room, carefully sitting her on the sofa. I sat beside her and we watched a little TV and I held her snuggled up under my arm. We watched for a couple of hours and then adjourned to my bedroom, ready for another bout.

Jan sucked my cock until I was rock hard again and then she offered me a piece of pussy doggy style. This time I worked my way in and out slower than a walking horse oil well pump. It paid off in three more orgasms for the little lady and finally a rather weak but still satisfying cum for me.

Jan let me spoon behind her and put my arms around her so I could hold her boobs as we drifted off to sleep.

The next morning she woke me at seven o'clock, saying that she had a job to go to and if I wanted a wake-up fuck, I'd better climb on. I climbed into her saddle and stuck my morning woody in her pussy, surprised that she was wet enough to let my spear slide home in one smooth push. She whispered, "We don't have much time, baby. Fuck me hard, hear?"

I may have lasted three minutes. While she was in the shower, I fixed some breakfast, watched her gulp it down and leave at a trot, promising to be back on her lunch break to pay the deposit.

I had tenants before Jan who used my alternate payment plans, some only occasionally, some on a regular basis. However, at the time she came along, there were none who were using it regularly. Once she paid her deposit and the first month's rent in four great nights of sex, she put her name on my schedule for every Thursday night so that her rent would be paid in full.

Just a few weeks after Jan rented her apartment, I had a forty-something mother bring her 18-year-old daughter by to check out an apartment as a place to live while she attended college nearby. The young lady thought the apartment looked fabulous, but then it would be her first place to live away from home. Mom was a little more critical but finally agreed that it would provide what the daughter needs. She sat with me in my office to talk about the costs while her daughter went back for one more look at the third-floor apartment.

I explained to the mother about the rates and she nodded her agreement, although she seemed resigned about having to pay such high rates; she said they had looked at several other places that were even higher. 

When she hesitated, I explained, "We do have an alternate payment plan, if you want to use it."

"Oh? And how does that work?" she asked.

I gazed knowingly at her crossed legs and licked my lips. Although I was not in the habit of screwing women that much older than I, she was a very sexy, very attractive woman and her daughter, who may or may not be a party to such payments, was no less attractive. 

"Well, it is rather personal. I'm not sure you want to know."

She looked at me questioningly and the light dawned, bringing a devilish grin to her face. "Honey, call me Merribelle. Now are you saying that we might work out something of a trade agreement in lieu of cash?"

"Yes, that certainly is a possibility."

She scooted forward on the chair and I watched her skirt ride up her shapely legs. "Talk to me. Tell me all about how it works."

I explained that, for services rendered, we could dispense with cash as long as payment was given promptly and willingly. I would not accept begrudging payments.

"Would you accept payments from both me and my daughter?"

"Well ... that would certainly be the preferred method. However I would also be amenable to an arrangement with either of you if that is what you would prefer."

"Oh, no. I think we can work something out here that would include both of us. I just never ... imagined that you would be willing to ... you know, accept that kind of payment from me."

"Only if you are willing to make them of your on volition," I said.

"Honey. I don't think that would be a problem." 

She moved over to the sofa beside me and let her hand soothingly float over my erection. Gazing into my eyes, she said, "I'll have to ask Beth but I'm sure she will be willing to participate. Say every other week with each of us. Or maybe we could build up some credit by doing it more often."

As she was talking, she was also removing her blouse and skirt, then turned to help me lift my shirt over my head and step out of my shorts. She stood, wearing bra, panties, thigh-high dark stockings and high heels and dropped between my legs, pulling my throbbing erection to her mouth. An older woman she might be but that just meant that she was more experienced at giving pleasure, which is what she did.

Unfortunately the door bell rang just as she had gotten to bobbing up and down really good and I groaned, not wanting her to stop. However she jumped up and ran to the door. Standing behind it, she pulled it open and Beth walked in. When she saw the way her mother was dressed, her eyebrows arched up in a question mark. 

As they walked back to me, mother talked to daughter in low tones but it was obvious what they were talking about. When Merribelle stopped in front of me again and dropped back to her knees, she said, "Now if you want to play, get those clothes off. When we make a payment, I don't want him to have any doubts that he is getting payment in full, understand?"

Beth began shedding clothes and responded, "Yes, mama."

I soon had a handful of young sweet pussy, a mouthful of taut tit, and a lapful of bobbing wet face around my throbbing wet member. As soon as I could, I put out my "Closed sign, locked my door and took the two women to my bed, where we frolicked into the wee hours of the morning. Once we had the preliminaries out of the way, Beth filled my bed every Tuesday night while her mother drove the short distance from home to be my partner every Saturday night. 

Beth took summer jobs in the city and retained her apartment throughout her five-year degree program, faithfully making her rent payments every week. Although there was no need for her mother to make alternate payments, she continues to make the drive every weekend ... and we're now into the seventh year. After her first marriage failed, she didn't want to get married again ... just get fucked regularly by someone not involved in her community.

Just a few days before my first encounter with Merribelle and Beth, I showed an apartment to 29-year-old Cora. She was slightly heavyset with an enormous pair of hooters and I salivated the first time I saw her. However, she was a very shy, circumspect lady and was purely no nonsense when the discussion turned to the rental amount. She whipped out her checkbook and wrote me a check for the deposit plus the first and last month's rent. She moved in the following afternoon.

I'm always a bit anxious about personal checks until they clear the bank but Cora's check had no problems. She asked me to provide a little assistance with a dripping faucet in the kitchen and a little chatter in the heating unit but those were easy items to fix and otherwise she seemed happy with the apartment.

It wasn't until the fifth day of her third month that a problem arose. I give all my tenants until the fifth to pay the new month's rent but Cora had not called or come by to say she had any problem. I had seen her coming and going several times, usually as she went to her job at a nearby publishing house. We always spoke and she was quite cheerful so I found it odd that she had not let me know if she was having a problem, although some people just try to hide such issues.

When I didn't get an answer on the phone, I decided to stop by in the evening when I knew she was in. I had gone to the fourth floor to take care of a minor repair anyway so, on the way back to the elevator, I rang her bell.

I was about to give up when the door opened a crack. It was Cora and, although I couldn't see much of her, I could see that she had been crying. I said, "Cora, is there a problem?"

She opened the door and let me in, closing it behind me. I followed her to the sofa but by the time she sat down, she was crying again. Through her tears, I managed to get, "Yes. I don't know what to do. My boss said that they had to cut back my hours because of the season. They're not getting in as many new jobs as usual." She let out a loud sob. "And now ... I can't pay my bills. I'm going to have to move out ... but I don't have any place to go." Then the crocodile tears just rained down her face as her whole body shook with her sobs.

I pulled her into my arms and hugged her. I said, "Shhh. Let's see if we can find a way out of this. How bad is it?"

"Well ... if I pay my rent, I don't have anything left for my other bills. If I pay my other bills, I don't have anything left for my rent."

"Hmmm. I see," I said, seeming to study her problem. "And you don't have any prospects of other income?"

"No. I've looked at a second job but what's available is all minimum wage and wouldn't pay enough to cover the difference. I don't know what to do."

"Well-l-l-l," I said, drawing it out. "I do have an alternate payment plan but I don't know if you would really want to try it."

She perked up. "I'd do anything. Can I clean apartments for you? I'll cook and clean and do your laundry! Anything! Please!" she begged.

I laughed. "No, it's not like that, honey. But it is very personal. I'm really not sure ... you might be offended by it."

"Oh, I wouldn't," she said eagerly. "Just tell me what it is ... anything ... Oh!" She spotted my gaze into the depths of her unending cleavage. "Do you mean that you would like to have sex with me?"

I nodded to show that she had hit on the solution.

"Really? In exchange for rent payments?" 

I nodded. 

"The whole thing? How would it work?"

"Yes, the whole thing. Once a week, you would come to my apartment at, say seven o'clock. We would enjoy ourselves, fuck ourselves silly, and you would spend the night in my bed. In the morning, we might have a wake-up fuck and that would be it. I promise that I would not require you to do anything you don't want to do willingly."

"Ohmigosh! Are you sure? I mean, I'm not very experienced. And I'm not beautiful ... or sexy. I'm ... too fat. I know I'm not what men want. I mean ... I would love to do ... what you are saying ... I would love to fuck you ... but ...how do you know you would be happy with me?"

"Are you kidding? I would be happy just to spend my time playing with your beautiful boobs. And don't forget that beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I think you are beautiful and sexy both. I would really love to strip you naked and run my tongue all over your body."
