 Recently I went to a party thrown by my friends Mark and Jenny. I had originally planned on taking my girlfriend but we had broken up about three weeks ago. I was a bit concerned about going since it was all couples attending but I decided to go regardless.

As always Mark had well stocked the beer and liquor. Jenny, without fail, had filled the kitchen with plenty of snacks and homemade cookies.

I was the not the first to arrive but I had the acquaintance of all of the guests from prior get togethers except for the last to arrive. Don and Karen were the final guests. I was immediately wowed when I saw Karen. Karen is about 5' 8", tan, shoulder length dirty blonde hair, tan and green eyes. She is a ho woman! She looks to be about mid thirties. She has very full D-cups that she was showing plenty of. Her pink shoulder strap top was hugging her curvy frame. Her wide hips and ample ass were being hugged by her tight short jean skirt. Karen is above average in her weight but she is by no means fat! She is well proportioned and has a very soft look to her body. All of this is completed with a beautiful face.

I chatted with everyone throughout the evening including Don and Karen. Don comes of being arrogant. As long as he has a wife like that I'd invite him to my party though!

Don and Karen were no stranger to the liquor. They were both getting quite drunk. The more they drank the friskier they got.

It had gotten to be after 3AM and two of the other couples had left. One the other couples had taken Mark and Jenny up on the standard offer that if you are too drunk to drive you were absolutely welcome to stay there. They had since claimed the guest bed room. It was pretty evident that from the sounds emanating from the bedroom they were not sleeping!

Mark and Jenny retired to their bedroom and it was not long until similar sounds were heard from the master bedroom.

I was on sitting on the couch. Now I was not smashed but I had a few drinks and was tired enough to be concerned about driving so I had decided to stay.

Karen was straddling Don on the love seat making out when it happened.

Karen exclaimed "you asshole!"

Apparently Don had passed out.

Karen, pounding on Don's chest, continued "Damn it... you knew I wanted to get fucked!"

Karen climbed off Don and he immediately slumped over. Don was down for the count!

Karen came over and sat next to me and said "can you believe that asshole... he promised to not get so drunk that he passed out!"

Karen looked me straight in the eyes and asked "do you wanna fuck me?"

Now my cock is screaming yes at this point but my mouth stumbled a bit and I said "but your husband is right there."

Karen said "to hell with him... I told him I was getting fucked tonight! I suppose it's his fault for not taking me seriously."

Karen quickly climbed over top straddling me as I sat and she pressed her lips to mine. My hands instinctively went under her shirt feeling her soft skin.

Karen broke the kiss and asked me again "you wanna fuck me?"

This time I said, my head spinning from the long deep kiss, "I wanna slide my cock inside you!"

Karen stood up and pulled her top off as I stripped my shirt. I could see the outline of her hard nipples shaded through her white lacy bra. She then removed bra exposing her glorious natural D-cups. My cock throbbed at the sight.

Karen has what I call two tone nipples. They are about the size of an Eisenhower dollar coins. The areola is a dark brown encircling a crimson nipple.

Then she bent over and slid off her lacy panties just giving me a brief glimpse of her glistening dark labia.

Karen then began tugging at my shorts frantically trying to undo the button and zipper. I helped and she pulled off my shorts and under ware in one motion.

My manhood sprang up and Karen said "oohhh what a nice cock!"

She immediately took to her knees and engulfed my cock with her mouth. She swirled her tongue and worked her lips up and down the length but only for a few strokes. She then rose and pressed her lips to mine kissing me deeply.

When she broke from the kiss she whispered to me "only dirty girls have the taste of cock on their lips."

Karen then stood on the couch over me. She spread her pussy in front of my face and instructed "taste me."

I beheld Karen's meaty dark brown labia encompassing her inner crimson flesh. I began to swirl my tongue around her pinky nail sized clit. I slid a finger inside her pussy. Karen gasped and grabbed the back of my head.

She began grinding her moist cunt on my face, smearing her wetness on my freshly shaven skin and said "I wanna taste my pussy on your lips while I ride your dick!"

Karen pushed me down on the couch and straddled me.

I said to her "but I don't have a condom with me!"

Karen, grabbed a hold of my cock and rubbed the head on her pussy lips, said almost annoyed "and who said I wanted you wearing a condom?"

Just then she pushed down and I felt the head of my cock slip inside her married pussy.

Karen moaned and said "you feel soooo good inside... and you're bigger than my husband!"

Karen began to kiss me deeply again.

So many things swirled inside my head right at that moment I felt like I could explode inside Karen right at that moment. I did my best to control myself despite the fact that a had hot wet pussy working riding my shaft, that pussy belonged to a hot slutty wife and that I was taking her pussy right in front of her husband!

Karen clearly just wanted to cum. She began rubbing her clit as she rode my cock. It didn't take long before she was trembling and clenching. She was being rather loud in her pleasure despite the proximity of her husband.

As her pussy contracted on my cock I knew I couldn't hold out much longer.

I warned Karen "I'm gonna cum soon."

Her response was only to quicken her pace sliding on my length. As I watched her labia fold in and out as she worked my full distance I felt my balls begin to boil.

I warned Karen again "I'm gonna cum now!"

She slammed in to me going balls deep and ordered "give it to me baby... shoot your hot cum deep inside me!"

That was it! I began to blast hot jets of sticky jizm inside Karen's married cunt!

My cock began to soften a bit when Karen immediately asked "can you get it hard again?"

I am usually good for a second nut and absolutely when it is the first time I am fucking a woman.

Karen slid off my cock with cum dripping from her pussy. She went down on her knees placing her arms on the couch.

Karen instructed "fuck my ass."

I moved behind her on my knees and placed the head of my cock on her tight dark brown star. I gave myself a few strokes to get back to full hardness. I began to push my cock inside Karen. Her ass yielded as the head popped inside her.

Karen winced a bit and said "you'll have to go slow baby... I'm not used to one so big. Bounce between both my holes so you can keep your cock slippery."

I obliged and withdrew from her ass and slid inside her cum soaked cunt. When I withdrew I was again coated in fuck juices. I pushed my cock back inside Karen's ass repeating the process and taking my cock deeper inside her ass each time.

Karen was ready to cum again. She began rubbing her clit. It didn't take long for her climax again. The tightness of her ass and her moaning made me want to explode again. I could feel my balls tighten.

Karen must have been aware what was about to happen because she inquired "are you gonna cum inside my ass baby?"

Before I could answer my cock started spasming.

Karen said "oohhh... I can feel you're hot cum filling me up! Give me all of it baby!"

I withdrew from Karen fully spent.

Karen said we should probably get dressed just in case Don wakes up.

I was pulling on my clothes wondering how to explain the night if questioned. I decided it would be best to head for the door.

At the door Karen said "mmm that was fun... are you coming to Mark and Jenny's next party? I hope that one will be just as much fun!"