 All characters are 18 years of age.

To preface: "Penis Pokey" was a gag gift I received one birthday. It's effectively a DIY pop-up book where "You're the Star!" Over the years I'd come up with a few scenarios involving this book, and I was told to put this one here (shoutout to Courntey). It's also in a sort of first/second POV, in the sense that it uses both "I" and "you" throughout. This is my first post on this site. I Hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it!

*****

The Penis Pokey Game

Late at night, after we went out to dinner, I ask if you want to go hang out at my place. You say yes, and when we arrive, we walk inside and back to my room. Sitting on my bed, we chat for a bit. 

Then you say, "I'm bored. What do you wanna do?" I think for a second, then walk into my bathroom and return with the Penis Pokey book in hand. With a mischievous grin, you say, "Okay, start 'reading' it," but I put my hand up to stop you.

"I'll read it to you," I say, "But under one condition. Each time you want me to turn the page, you have to take off a piece of clothing. Starting with your shoes."

You sit and think for a few seconds, then say, "Okay, have it your way," and slip off your shoes, revealing your bare feet to me.

Smiling, I unzip my pants and drop them to the ground, along with my underwear. I guide my semi-erect penis through the hole in the book, and say, "I'm glad we could agree."

At first sight, my penis is nothing short of unimpressive. So much so that you have to stifle a laugh at first when you see the small, limp head dangling out of the book cover. "Oh, you'll see. I'm a grower, not a shower. It's just a bit nervous is all."

"And what exactly will make it grow?" You ask, grinning up at me.

"Oh, I think you know full well what the answer to that is." I say. "So. Do you want me to turn the page?" You nod, still half-giggling. "You know what to do," I say.

You reach down and grab the hem of your shirt, and slowly pull it up and over your body. As your smooth stomach comes into view, made only imperfect by your somehow perfect belly button, my dick twitches a little and starts to grow, as promised. When your breasts, shielded by a black lace bra, come into view, my dick grows again, now rocking a half-chub. I turn the page. You toss your shirt to the side, fix your hair, and look back at my dick.

"Wow, it really is a grower," you say. Something in your voice tells me that you're not joking like you were earlier.

"Ha. Told you so," I say, "but you ain't seen nothin yet. I'm only rockin a half chub right now. Maybe it would grow more if there was something to... encourage... it," I tell you, flexing my dick, making it bounce a little.

"Yeah, I think it would," you say, your response much more different than the sarcastic one I expected. You stand up and sink your thumbs into the waistline of your leggings. Slowly, you pull your leggings down, revealing to me the fabric of your black lace panties to match the bra. As the triangle of fabric comes into view, I take note of your curvy hips and toned thighs. Because of the tightness of your leggings, you have to bend down to take them off, causing your breasts to slightly sway away from your chest. When you finally step out of them, you straighten up and my eyes ogle your entire body from head to toe, covered only in the most secretive places by thin layers of lacy fabric. Meanwhile, your eyes are fixated on my ever growing dick, which still isn't completely hard.

"What's with all the lace?" I ask, reaching down to turn the page.

"It makes me feel, I dunno, sexy," you say as you adjust the elastic on both your bra and your panties. You also do a little turn that reveals the fact that your panties are actually a thong, which barely covers your smooth ass cheeks.

"Well it sure is working," I say. You look down at my dick, and you subconsciously trail your fingertips along the inside of your thigh and across the front of your panties, where they dwindle just above the valley between your legs. "It's still not completely hard," I say, referring to my dick, "I think it could use some more encouragement."

"So do I," you say as you reach around to your back and undo the clasp of your bra. You shrug off the straps and slowly remove the cups, revealing your bare breasts to me. I look down at your breasts and your hard nipples, and my dick almost immediately grows to full hardness.

"Wow," I say, "Those are, uh... Those are... Nice." My eyes dart back and forth from one nipple to the other, focusing on the tiny goosebumps on the areola surrounding your perky, stiff nipples.

"Well, I took off my bra, now you turn the page," you say, reaching up and rubbing your breasts. After I turn the page, we just stand there for a few seconds, me staring at your breasts and you staring at my dick. "I want you to turn the page again," you say, breaking the silence, "But if I'm going to be totally naked, then you should have to be, too."

"Fine by me," I say, letting the book hang on my hard dick while I step out of my pants and pull my shirt off. "It's only fair."

After I'm completely naked, you hook your thumbs into the elastic waistband of your thong and pull it down. Your hairless mound comes into view, followed by your equally bald pussy lips. After you're fully exposed, you drop your panties to the ground and step out of them and a few feet closer to me, giving me a closeup view of your nipples and pussy.

"Wow, that looks smooth," I say, regarding your pussy, "Is that a wax or a shave?"

"It's a wax," you say, as you run your hand down between your legs, just barely teasing your pussy. "Feels smooth too."

"I'm sure it does," I reply. 

"There are still a couple of pages left, but I don't have any more clothes," you say, "What am I supposed to do?"

"Well, I do have an idea, but you may not like it," I say, reaching down to stroke my hardon.

"You want me to jerk you off?" You ask. 

"Just for a few seconds," I say, "Thirty or forty, no more than a minute."

"Well if it's just for a few seconds, then I don't see anything wrong with it," you say, and reach out for my cock.

"Wait," I say as I grab your wrist just before your hand reaches my cock, "Use this." I reach into my bedside drawer and pull out a bottle of lubricant. "It's uncomfortable dry."

Taking the bottle from my hand, you read out, "Cherry Flavored Sexual Lubricant. What's with the flavoring?" Meanwhile, you open the bottle and pour a fair amount into your hand.

"Hey, some people are into it, I guess," I say. As you're once again about to wrap your hand around my cock, I stop you again and say, "Maybe I should take the book off of my cock, so it doesn't get messed up by the lube. What do you think?"

"That's probably a good idea," you say. I pull the book off my cock and set it on the bedside table, revealing to you my also completely hairless cock and balls. "No hair, I like that," you say.

You step closer to me and reach down, wrapping your lubricated fingers around my hard cock. Then you start to slowly stroke my cock, your hand sliding back and forth along my shaft.

"It feels a lot bigger in my hand," you say, quickening your pace. I let out a low moan as you continue to stroke my cock. You pour out a little more lube onto my shaft and spread it around my cock, letting your hand glide effortlessly along my hardon. After about twenty seconds, I move my hand up to the side opposite of the arm you're jerking me off with, and slide it up the smooth curve of your side, until the palm of my hand is on the side of your breast and my fingers are on your ribs. I brush my thumb along the soft flesh of your left breast, then move my thumb so that it reaches your nipple, which is nearly as hard as my cock, and gently rub my thumb back and forth over it, teasing it.

You let out a small moan as you apply yet more lube to my cock and continue to jerk me off. About another twenty seconds later, I move my hand to fully cup your breast, where I gently caress it, still exciting your hard nipple from time to time with the tip of my thumb. I move my other hand up to your right breast and begin squeezing and massaging both of your breasts.

We continue like this for another minute and a half, until you somewhat reluctantly remove your hand from my cock. I give your nipples one last rub and drop my hands back to my sides. I look down at your pussy and notice that in the process of jerking me off, you got very wet.

"Two things," I say, "One: that was more than even two minutes, but I've got no problem at all with that. It was very nice." Then I gesture to your glistening pussy, "And you seem to have gotten pretty excited yourself."

You move your hand in between your legs and rub two fingers along your wet pussy lips. You bring them up to eye level and examine the slick sheen on them, saying, "I do seem to have gotten excited. Can you blame me though? I mean, stroking your cock combined with you playing with my boobs. What do you expect?"

"Oh, I expected exactly that," I say, "In fact, that's a little more than I expected, which is even better."

"You know," you say, "There's still one more page in the book. What do I have to do now for you to turn the page?" You ask as your hand subconsciously rubs your wet pussy.

"Hmm..." I think for a few seconds. "I think that if you want me to turn the page, you have to suck my cock," I say.

"Fine, for how long?"

"Thirty seconds?" I respond.

"Okay, sounds good to me," you say as you drop down to your knees in front of me.

"Wait, there's a condition," I say, "Licking doesn't count. My cock has to be in your mouth, with your lips wrapped around it, going in and out for at least a full thirty seconds."

"Okay, that's fair. Glad you clarified," you say as you once again apply the flavored lube to my hard cock, stroking it a few times to evenly distribute the lube. Then, you stick your tongue out and lick the underside of my cock all the way from the base of the shaft to the head.

"Hey, I said licking doesn't count," I say, stifling a moan.

"I know. But it doesn't mean I can't do it," you say before you give my cock another long lick. You do this a few more times, then you place my cock head on your tongue and swirl your tongue around it for a few seconds. "You were right about this lube. It does taste good," you say as you continue to slide your tongue all over my hard cock. After nearly a minute of this, you lick your lips and wrap them around the head of my cock, and flick your tongue against the tip inside your mouth.

"Holy shit that feels good," I say as I reach down and pull some of your hair back, giving me a better view of my cock entering your mouth.

You apply a light suction on my cock and start bobbing your head back and forth on my hard shaft, letting your tongue slide all over it inside your mouth. You continue to take more and more of my cock with each bob, until eventually my cockhead is poking into the back of your throat. Then you slide your mouth down until my entire cock disappears inside your mouth, the head sliding further into your throat. You hold my cock in your mouth like this for a few seconds, licking along the underside of my hard shaft. When you pull back to catch some air, there's a string of saliva and precum that's attached between your mouth and my cock. You see it and take my cock back into your mouth, making sure to get the precum.

You swirl your tongue around my cock head in your mouth for another ten or fifteen seconds before you bob your head back and forth a few more times, then let my cock slip out of your mouth again, licking the slit to get any more precum.

"That was awesome," I say as you stand back up in front of me.

"That lube did taste pretty good," you say, licking your lips, "And so did your precum. I kinda liked sucking your cock."

"I could tell," I say with a grin. "That was definitely longer than thirty seconds. I think that was closer to two minutes, if you included all of the licking before you actually put my cock in your mouth."

"Well, we got through the book," you say, "So what do you want to do now?"

"I dunno," I say. I think for a few seconds, staring at your tits and pussy, at your lips that were moments ago wrapped around my hard cock. Then I get an idea. "I kinda wanna jerk off," I say, "Wanna watch?"

"Sure," you say, "I've never seen a guy do it before, so it'll be cool to watch."

"Alright then," I say as we both sit down on my bed. I pour some lube into my hand, wrap my hand around my cock, and start stroking. You stare at my hand stroking my cock as you lay sideways on my bed in front of me. "You know," I say, removing my hand from my cock to get some more lube, "This would be a lot better if I had something to jerk off to. Can you play with your pussy for me?"

"Sure," you say, changing positions so now you're sitting, legs spread in front of me, giving me a perfectly clear view of your pussy. "I'm really wet, and seeing you jerk off kinda made me want to masturbate, so thanks for asking." As you say this you move your hand down in between your legs to start rubbing your wet pussy lips, going up to rub your clit every once in a while. "Is this helping?" You ask as you slide one of your fingers into your wet pussy.

"Yes, a lot," I say as I continue to stroke my cock, staring at you fingering your pussy. After about a minute of masturbating in front of each other, I get another idea. "Hey, do you want to jerk me off again?" I ask. "And I could play with your pussy if you want. Fingering, rubbing your clit, the whole deal."

"My pussy for your cock? Sounds like a fair trade," you say as you pull your finger out of your pussy, your wetness shining on both your pussy lips and your finger. "How are we gonna do this?"

"Come over here and turn around so your ass is facing me and my cock is pointing at your face," I say, motioning for you to come over. You get up on your knees and shuffle over to me, then turn around. "Yeah, now spread your legs and bend over so I can get to your pussy easier and you're leaning over my cock."

"Like this?" You ask as you do exactly what I tell you, giving me a great closeup view of your wet pussy and your round ass.

"Exactly like that," I say as I feel your hand once again wrap around my hard cock. I slide my hands up the inside of your legs to your pussy, where I start rubbing my fingers across your wet slit. After my fingers are nice and slick, I slide one into your wet, and surprisingly tight pussy. "Wow, you're really tight," I say as I start sliding my finger in and out of your pussy. At the same time, I move my other hand up and start rubbing your clit.

"Mm, that feels good," you say, stroking my cock faster and squeezing harder. We continue like this for about another minute, then you say, "I really want to suck your cock again."

"That would be awesome," I say, still finger-fucking your pussy and rubbing your clit.

"Okay, great," you say. Then you move your right leg over my head so that your legs are spread over my shoulders and your pussy is right in front of my face. "I want you to lick my pussy, too, while I suck your cock," you say, and without wasting any time I remove my fingers from your pussy and slide my tongue in between your wet pussy lips. "Mmmmmmm that's fucking great," you say as you lean your head down and take my hard cock into your mouth again.

I alternate from darting my tongue in and out of your tight pussy to licking your hard clit while you swirl your tongue around my cock head and take my shaft into your mouth. Precum begins to leak from my cock as you take the head all the way into your throat. I moan and apply suction to your clit while simultaneously circling it with my tongue, causing your pussy juices to flow out of you and over my mouth. You shove my cock deeper into your throat, then lift your head up, letting my hard cock slip out of your mouth.

"Fuck," you gasp as I continue to work your clit with my tongue, "I need you to fuck me. Now." I immediately stop licking your pussy and lift you off of me. I flip you onto your back, spread your legs, and position my cock head at the entrance of your pussy. "Mm yes," you moan, "Put your cock in my pussy. Fuck me. Give me your cum."

I slowly push forward and slide my cock into your tight, wet pussy. We both let out a long moan as I continue to fill you with my cock.

"Fuck, you're so tight," I say as I push all the way into your pussy. Then I pull my cock out of your pussy, just as slowly as I pushed in, savoring every inch of your tight muscles squeezing my shaft. When all but my cock head is out of your pussy, I push back in again, a bit faster this time, then pull again, continuing this motion, picking up the pace slightly each time I thrust into your pussy.

"Oooohhhhh fuuuccck," you moan as I get into a smooth fucking motion, "Yeeessssssss fuck me fuck me fuck me." I start thrusting my cock in and out of you, faster and faster, leaking more precum into your hot pussy. "Oh fuck I'm about to cum," you say as I continue fucking you, "Oh god, please don't stop! Please don't stop! Oh, fuck!"

I feel your pussy muscles contract on my cock as your orgasm rushes through you, sending pulse waves of pleasure from your pussy to the rest of your body. "Hnnnnnggggg oohhhh fuck I'm cumming! Oh god yes! Keep fucking me!"

I pull out of you just long enough to turn you around and put you on your knees in front of me, where you instinctively bend over and stick your ass up in the air, angling your pussy directly at my cock.

I grab you by the hips and once again slide my cock deep into the wet folds of your pussy.

"Oh, FUCK!" You scream as my cock head rubs agains your g-spot. "I'm gonna cum again! Fuuuccck meeeee!"

I do as you ask and continue to pump my cock in and out of your tight pussy, letting out another long moan. I feel where your g-spot is with my cock head and start to fuck you with a series of quick, short strokes, causing my cock head to stimulate the hard spot inside your pussy.

"Oh my god, yes, that's it," you say as I continue to fuck your g-spot, "Fuck, I'm cumming again!" You shout as once again, your orgasm racks your body, and your pussy clenches around my cock, pulling me deeper into you.

"Holy fuck, you're tight," I say as I try to push even deeper into you, "I think I can feel my cock head rubbing against your womb. I'm gonna cum soon."

"Yes," you say, coming down from your second orgasm, "Yes, I want you to cum inside of me. It's okay, I'm on the pill," you say, practically reading my mind.

With the relief of knowing I won't get you pregnant, I start fucking you harder than before, causing you to moan. "Oh fuck your pussy feels so good," I moan, "I'm gonna cum soon."

"Me too," you say, "Just keep fucking me, please don't stop. I want your cum in me. I NEED you to cum in my pussy."

"Fuck!" I shout as I reach down and rub your clit while thrusting one last time into your pussy. "Fuck I'm so close," I say, "I'm gonna cum."

"Oh fuck yes! Cum in me! Fill my pussy with your cum! Oh god I'm cumming!" You shout. With the contractions of your final orgasm, I'm sent over the edge, and I let out a loud moan as my cock begins to shoot cum deep into your pussy. I spill what feels like gallons deep into your womb.

"Ung! Yes! Give me your cum!" You shout as I keep dumping my seed into your pussy. After what feels like forever, I empty my last bit of cum into your pussy and we both fall over on my bed. As we lay there, I holding you in a spooning position, my cock stays buried in your pussy, resting there. 

Basking in the glow of a great fuck, we drift off to sleep.