 I wanted it dark. No distractions. No music, no sound. Except for ours. You deserve this...this night is yours. I prepared by having a couple of glasses of Cabernet...I was squirming and excited...but the pleasure was to be yours, and yours alone. 

I have you lay down on the soft sheets, naked, and turn out the lights. Sudden blackness. I strip and lay down on top of you, hugging you close. I grab the back of your head, and proceed to explore your face with my lips and tongue. I kiss your eyelids and your cheeks. I fuck your ear with my hard, wet tongue. I finally get to your lips. You raise up to kiss me, but I push you back down. I slowly trace the outline of your soft lips with the tip of my tongue. I slip my tongue inside and open your mouth. I caress the outline of your teeth and gums. I suck on your tongue. Finally I allow you to kiss me, thoroughly and erotically. 

I gradually make my way down your body. First down one side of your neck, then down the other. I softly bite and suck the soft folds under your chin. I make my way down to the soft place right under your arms. I lap at it as if it were a pussy...I make love to it with my tongue. I slowly make my way across your chest, sucking your erect nipples. They are so tender that you jump when I nip at them. I make my way to your other arm, and give oral sex to your other soft, sensitive spot. 

When I've had my fill, I slowly make a trail with my tongue down your stomach. I dive into your belly button, knowing how sensitive it is. 

I work my way down your legs. I bite at your thigh. I travel down slowly to the inside of your knee, and make love with my tongue to your tender spot. Down further I go, seeking out your foot. You are amazed as I lick and suck the tops and bottoms of your feet. Loving your moans of ecstasy, I slowly and sensuously take each toe into my mouth, pretending each one is a penis, and giving it an amazingly sensual blow job. 

Your hand reaches for your penis, but I softly push it away. No words are spoken as I make my way to your other leg, giving cunnilingus to your tender spot as if it were the pussy of a woman. I slowly work down to your other foot, and lap at it, revering it, admiring it. I love every inch of your body. I proceed to give blow jobs to each toe,my pussy getting wetter as you moan your approval. You try to touch me but I squirm away. This is about you. 

I finally make my way back up your body, and lower my head above your penis. My hard nipples rub all over your chest, my soft breasts making love to your body. I take my silky blonde hair and rub it all over, enveloping your cock in my softness. Still I do not use my hands. My hair drapes over your penis like a curtain, and I move it back and forth, teasing it into a hardness it has never known. 

I move down and position myself right at your most sensitive area. I spread your thighs, and lap at your hole as if I were a lesbian lapping at another woman. I gently lick all around your hole, and then gradually stick my tongue inside. You are going crazy as I stick my hard tongue inside your hole, fucking you with its softness. I love what I am doing. You taste sweet and exciting, and I don't want to stop. Finally I replace my tongue with my finger, and start slowly tracing my tongue up and down the sides of your wonderfully hard cock. I tease the tip and lap up the pre-cum. I trace the sides down and lick your balls. I can't get enough of your manliness. I take your balls gently into my mouth as I stick my lubricated finger up inside you even further. 

Finally, knowing you could not take much longer, I take your cock into my mouth. God it feels wonderful. You are so damn hard. I finger fuck you and suck you for all it is worth. I put you completely down my throat, so I can actually lick your balls. You are stuffed down so deep that I can hardly believe it is humanly possible. I get into a wonderful rhythm, fucking your cock with my mouth and your hole with my finger. I purr as I feel you swell inside my throat. I know you are going to cum. 

I rapidly increase my deep throating, fucking your cock with my mouth like there was no tomorrow. Now it was me that could not wait. I had to taste your cum. I had to have you cum deep in my throat. I wanted you to fill my mouth up and swallow the sweet taste of your sperm. Please cum. Please. Let me taste you. Let me please you. I hear your groans, and feel the jerk of your balls and cock. I know you are about to have one of the best orgasms of your life. I increase my intensity and suck you in, giving you pressure on the sensitive head of your cock with each long, pull of my mouth. 

Oh, here it is. It's what I've been waiting for. You. Your cum. Inside me. Yes, now please, now. Ah, yes baby here it comes! And comes and comes! I swallow every last drop, gulping down your sweet cum. I keep pumping inside your hole, and sucking your cock dry. You keep coming forever, it seems and I stay right there with you. You are mine. Gasping, you lay back. You are panting and groaning and grabbing my hair. 

We both collapse on the soft pillows. The blackness still engulfs us. 

This was the night I intended. This was the perfect blow job.