 I am a lover of oral sex. Nothing gets me hotter than the thought of a beautiful woman sucking on a hard cock. When I do a search on the phrase "perfect blowjob" on Literotica, I get over 20 hits, but the funny thing is, each one describes a different kind of blowjob. Each person has his own idea of the perfect blowjob, the following describes mine.

--------------------------------------------------

I am sitting in my chair relaxing when she walks up to me, a sly smile on her face. She leans in and gives me a soft, seductive kiss before sliding her body over mine. As she stares deep into my eyes, she says, "I want to suck your cock."

She settles to her knees between my thighs, and reaches up to open my pants. While I am pulling them to the floor, she opens her blouse and unfastens her bra, allowing her lovely tits to spill out - she knows how I sometimes like to play with them while she sucks me. She grabs my rapidly hardening cock, and smiles up at me, saying, "I love your cock" as she slowly swipes her tongue over the head. She keeps her eyes locked on mine as she slips the head into her mouth. While she has excellent technique, it is the way she looks at me that transform this to something extra special - I can tell just how much she loves doing this. I've had many women tell me they love to suck cock, but so many of them then seem to be trying to get things over with as fast as possible. My lover truly DOES love to suck cock, and it shows.

Her mouth slides up and down over my cock, taking me a bit deeper each time. Her tempo is just the way I like it, not the jackhammer up-and-down of the porn star, but a soft, sensual motion of making love to me with her mouth. Sometimes she holds the shaft lightly in her hand, as she slips it out of her mouth to lick it with her soft tongue, other times she rests her hands on my thighs, but she always works me only with her mouth. Some guys like to be stroked during a blowjob, but somehow she knows that I want to feel her mouth alone, and I love her for it.

My cock is of average size, but that seems to suit her just fine. She can't quite get all of it in her mouth, but she likes to try each time. Her speed and motion vary as she works me in and out of her warm mouth, but she is in no hurry to make me cum. I can feel her soft tongue on the underside of my cock, licking back and forth across the shaft. I rub my hands softly over her long, dark hair as her head bobs slowly up and down. Occasionally she looks up at me with my cock in her mouth, a look of lust and love that always brings me close to the edge.

As much as I like to stay this way, feeling the heat of her mouth, watching her lips wrapped around me as they slide up and down my shaft, the time finally comes when I can't resist any longer. She can sense the end is near, and although she knows that I know it is okay, she still likes to say it - "I want you to cum in my mouth." Many times this is all it takes, and this is one of those times. My cock swells up in her mouth, and my orgasm arrives. The feeling is intense, as she swallows down my cum, but it is nothing compared to the feelings that follow. 

Many times I have had women who will let me cum in their mouths who will immediately jump up to go spit it out, leaving me still twitching in the air. Those are better than the ones who won't let you cum in their mouths at all, but my lover does neither. As she swallows, she continues to suck my cock, a soft and gentle motion, caressing me with her lips and tongue - the feeling of this is indescribable. Sometimes she will continue sucking for five minutes or longer after I have cum, as if she doesn't want to quit. While my cock is not as hard as before, it never completely softens, as she takes me deep in her mouth, working the last bit of cum out of it.

Finally, almost reluctantly, she allows my cock to slip from her mouth, and she smiles up at me from down on her knees. I pull her up to me, kissing her soft lips and thanking her repeatedly for the wonderful blowjob. As her body settles down onto mine, I am once again reminded of what a lucky, lucky man I am.