 I was in that state between dreams and awareness. I was having a wonderful dream. You were licking my nipples with slow, soft strokes. It was the most delicious feeling. I was slowly waking, my eyes fluttered open to see you doing exactly what I was dreaming of.

I moaned and closed my eyes again and submitted to the sensations you were creating. I felt your fingers roam down my body, just gently brushing the tips over my skin. They stopped their journey just below my navel. You knew just the feel of your hand being so close, but yet so far from my sensitive core would drive me crazy. M hips arched off the bed in a silent plea for your touch. I opened my eyes again to see the devilish gleam in yours, letting me know the torture had just begun. I moaned in protest at the look, I wanted to be pleased not teased.

I watched as you took my nipple into your mouth. I gasped loudly when your hand slid down to cup my sex. You gave me a gentle squeeze, making sparks of heat flow throughout my body. My hands flew to your head holding you to me. You gave my nipple one last hard suck before gripping it with your teeth. You pulled back scraping your teeth along my nipple, sending arrows of desire through me, releasing it from your mouth.

Your hand was gently massaging my pussy lips making my juices flow. I gasped at the sensation this caused, and my eyes fluttered closed once again. I could feel your lips and tongue gently kiss and suck on my skin, following the same path as your hand. The gentle massage you were giving my pussy felt so exquisite. I was extremely worked up. My juices were beginning to coat your fingers. Your mouth was at my navel, and you plunged your tongue in as your fingers touched my clit for the first time. My eyes flew open and I let out a loud groan. Your fingers slid from my clit to my tight hole, as you moved your wonderfully talented mouth further down to the top of my pussy. I didn't know how much more of this sweet torture I could stand. I was moaning constantly by then and I was withering under you.

Finally your mouth reached my dripping pussy. I felt you remove your fingers from within me. I whimpered from the loss, and you smiled devilishly at me. I felt your hands move down my thighs to my knees, to push them apart a little further. Your face remained between my thighs, your lips poised just above my pussy. I grew even wetter having your lips that close to my pussy. You were panting lightly onto me. You inhaled deeply the rich musky scent of my juices. I watched as you licked your lips in anticipation. You moved closer to me, close enough to lightly run your lips along mine. The gentle teasing caused my hips to arch off the bed. The devilish gleam is in your eyes again, letting me know the torture wasn't over just yet. I growled in frustration wanting you more than ever. 

Your hands moved back up my thighs again, to spread my pussy lips apart. I watched you watching my pussy as it dripped down to my ass. You licked your lips in anticipation, and caught the faint taste of my juices from the earlier tease. That faint taste was enough to make you want more. Quickly you dove in to take your first real taste of me. I cried out at the feel of your tongue on me. You pulled back slightly telling me how delicious I tasted. You started licking me again just the way I like it, nice and slow and soft. You worked my entire slit, from hole to clit and back again. My hands flew to your head again holding you to me.

I love the feel of your tongue on me, working me over. I moaned out your name, begging you not to stop, urging you on. My hips began to buck, grinding my pussy onto your mouth and tongue. You moaned and slid a finger into my tight entrance, rubbing my g-spot, over and over again, as you continued to lick my clit. I was close ever so close. I cried out to you not to stop, my hips bucking against you with more force, you moaned your answer and sped up your actions, not changing the pressure, just the speed of your tongue and finger. You added another finger into the play and pressed just the slightest bit harder.

That sent me over the edge. I cried out and bucked my hips off the bed hard onto your mouth. You felt my walls clench on your fingers, and heard my cry of exactly. You quickly sucked my clit into your mouth hard, intensifying my orgasm. You rode me through the wonderful waves of my climax until they subsided. As I finally came down from that most exquisite high, I felt you gently licking and massaging my very sensitive pussy.

I pulled you up my body for a soul searing kiss. I could taste my self on your lips and tongue. You broke the kiss and smiled down at me. I cupped your face in my hands and thanked you for the delicious wake up. 

The devilish gleam was now in my eyes as I flipped you over for a much more proper thank you...