 Part one

As we enter our bathroom I adjust the lights until the room is bathed in a warm amber glow. Pulsating jets of mildly hot water rush onto my skin when I step into the shower after you, causing me to gasp and move out of their path against the cool tile wall. 

"Too hot?" you ask.

"No, I just need to get used to it." I tell you as I stretch my arms out and let the spray of water caress them.

Bending you lock onto my lips drawing my tongue into your mouth in a passionate kiss. Holding me against the wall your warm soapy hands rove over my body sending electrifying sparks to all my erogenous zones. Like a live wire my body moves against you seeking solace. You press your hard cock against my shaved mound pushing my closed legs apart. I tear my lips from yours gasping as my lungs fill with needed air. Hunger in the form of desire takes over as you turn me around, grabbing my hips and spreading my legs at the same time. The soapy head of your cock enters me fast and deep triggering the first waves of an orgasm.

"God, yes, please, yes, fuck me baby," I moan against the wet tile.

Sharp twinges course through my body as you pound hard and furiously inside me. Like a wild man driven by lust you grip my hips tighter and guide me like a rag doll on your cock. Wet skin smacking loudly under the pulsating jets of water as we rock back and forth.

Your words come out in splotches, "You make…me…want to…fuck you…Oh God, you are…so beautiful…baby…I want to…fuck you…till I…can’t fuck anymore. I love…you…wenchhhh. You…fucked…my ass…now…I’m going…to…Ohhhh yesssss…fuck your…slutty little ass, bitch!"

Before I can reply…my pussy is empty and your cock is halfway in my tight asshole. 

"Ohhhhhh, yesssss, baby, fuck your slutty little whore’s tight ass!"

Putting my hands against the wall I push my ass back against your cock. Your balls free from their cock ring slap my pussy everytime you pound into me. Planting your hand between my legs you thrust two fingers into my pussy as your palm presses against my clit. 

"Gaaaaawwwwwwdddd that feels, sooo goood," I pant as my orgasm takes hold of me. " Oooooohhhhh, jeeeeeesssuuuussss, its’ soooooo sensitiveeee. I’m cummmmmmingggg….don’t stop."

I can vaguely hear you moaning and groaning behind me as your cock and balls draw up and start spurting like a pump trying to spew out all its contents. 

"Take it baby, take my hot cummmmm. Oooooohhhh Gaaaaawwwwdddd, Carolyn, I’m cummmingggggg. I’m cummminggggg." 

You collapse against me panting and breathing heavily in my ear as your member starts to shrink and slides from my abused ass with a plop. 

Twisting I manage to turn around and put my arms around your neck. "What brought that on? I thought I drained your sack in the bedroom." I whisper as I wrap my hand around your balls, squeezing gently. 

"You just looked so sexy with the water running down your body…your cute ass pushed out like that and I was just thinking about how hot this whole night has been," you tell me as you wrap your arms around my waist and bend me backward to kiss me. "I just had to have you again sweetheart…you are like a nymph, casting a spell on me."

"How sweet, darling," I say as I caress your face, "never loose that desire. Lets get cleaned up and go to bed."

Part two

I push the heavy comforter off and stretch as the morning sun filters in through a slit in the closed curtains. Reaching over I find your side of the bed empty. Grabbing the bedside clock I see that it is almost 9:00am. Damn it, I had overslept. The sudden urge to empty my full bladder sends me crashing to the floor and making a dash for the bathroom. This will be the last full day that I have to plan your anniversary surprise. Sitting on the toilet I mentally check the list of things I need to accomplish today, starting with a shower to wake me up fully. After a quick shower I put on my robe to go downstairs for some coffee. Looking around the room I make sure that all the toys we used from the night before had been put away, since this was the day Maggie came to clean. Not being very hungry I fix myself a bagel with cream cheese to go with my coffee and head to the computer to check my e-mail. While doing this I hear the front door open and realize that Maggie must be here. Not wanting to startle her I call out her name and tell her I am in the study. 

"Hi Caroline, I didn’t realize that you were off today." Maggie says as I close the computer down. "Are you working at home today?"

Turning I look at the cute blonde standing in the doorway. She was a college student studying interior design, who had started her own cleaning service to pay for school. 

"No, Maggie. I took the day off because I have some errands that I need to take care of, but I overslept this morning, and am running a little late. I will be out of here in a few minutes."

"Don’t hurry on my account, I’ll just start in the kitchen."

I watch as she turns around and walks away. Let me describe Maggie. She has legs that look as if they never end and a very tight ass that is rounded just right. Today as always she is dressed in short cutoffs and a tight white tee shirt with no bra, because she doesn’t need one. Her tits are between an A cup and B cup with very large nipples and aureole both dark brown in color. Her skin is almond colored and her dark brown hair reaches almost to her waist. As for the rest of her body…she isn’t muscular but it is evident that she exercises quite often, as she doesn’t have an ounce of fat on her. The only curve she has is her cute bubble butt. She is not a beautiful girl but she is attractive. What draws me to her I cannot explain but from the moment I first saw her, I wanted to see what she was like in bed. Of course I had never approached her, because I didn’t know how she felt about sex between two women. As I feel the wetness growing between my legs, I wonder what has come over me. I have always been highly sexual, but the last few days it seems as if I can’t get satisfied. Nothing is going to get done today until I take care of the growing desire between my legs.

I slip my hand in my robe and grasp my hard nipple as I close the door to our bedroom and lean against it. I can feel the cool air hit my hot wet pussy as I spread my legs. My mind fantasizes that it is Maggie touching me. I put my leg upon the seat of the chair and touch my pussy causing a shiver to run up and down my body. Oh God…that feels so good. If only it was her tongue licking my pussy. I move to the bed dropping my robe on the way. The soft satin sheet caresses my body and I slip my fingers back down and drive them deep into my hungry pussy as my other hand mauls my breasts, pinching and twisting my hard nipples. I let my fantasy take over. 

I imagine Maggie on top of me, driving her tongue into my mouth as her hands caress me. Her lips leave mine as she licks and kisses her way down the sensuous curve of my neck, into the valley between my breasts. I imagine her tongue moving up my right breast in ever decreasing circles until she takes my hardened nipple between her teeth, alternately flicking it with her tongue and then sucking on it. 

"Oh yes Maggie, that’s the way baby. Suck my hard nipples as you finger fuck my wet pussy," I cry out as I bring myself closer to my first orgasm of the day. 

Closing my eyes, I imagine her hard body rubbing against mine, her fingers driving deep into my pussy, as my pussy is flooded with orgasmic spasms. My moans fill the silent room. A slight movement on the bed draws me out of my daydreams. I look and there stands Maggie, naked, watching me…leaning in toward me. Before I can utter one word her lips are on mine and her tongue is pushing its way into my mouth. Our tongues dance around one another as she lies down half on top of me. Her lean body presses into me as her hand dances up and down my body, which is still on fire from my orgasm.

The need for air causes our kiss to end, but she continues to plant tiny kisses on my face and her hand is now stroking my breast. 

"Maggie, I thought you were cleaning the kitchen," I say as I try to let my brain access what has just happened. 

"I was but I decided to start a load of towels and I was in the bathroom, picking up the towels when I heard you come into the room. You started to fuck your pussy before I could say anything, and then when you called out my name I was shocked that you were fantasizing about me. My pussy is so wet, Caroline. I want you, too."

With that said she climbed on top of me and slid her wet pussy up and down on my stomach as she reclaimed my mouth in a passion filled kiss. Wrapping my arms around her I pulled her down onto me, mashing our titties together. It was so erotic to feel her hard nipples brush against mine that I almost cum again. Running my hands down her back until I have her cute bubble butt in my hands, I massage them…pushing them together then parting them. I use my hands to pull her farther up on me. Understanding what I am doing she straightens up and moves up and over my face. I can smell her musky smell…I want this sweet young girl’s pussy. I wrap my arms around her thighs and pull her down on my face, letting my tongue sweep from her clit to her tiny tight asshole, stopping there and running my tongue around and around it, before traveling back down her slit to her clit. Grabbing my head she pulls me up against her pussy. 

"Yessssss, omg, Caroline…lick my ass, lick my pussy, suck my clit…fuck me with your tongue!" 

I am more than happy to comply, as she tastes so good. Her sweet pussy juices are really starting to flow and I lap furiously sucking on her clit moving back to her hole and locking my lips around it I suck and push my tongue into her, moving it back and forth. Her hips start rocking against my face…as she leans back and starts pinching my nipples. She is pushing down hard on my face…causing it to be almost impossible for me to breathe. 

"Oh yessssss, lick my pussy, Caroline, fuck me, fuck me…omg…yesss."

She raises up and starts grinding her pussy against my face…bringing her hand down and rubbing her clit.

"I’m cummmingggggg. Eat meeeeee….omg…I’m cumminggggg….yessssssssssss…fuck me…Caroline….yesssssssssss!" 

Hot juices flow from her sultry hole coating my tongue and my face as she moves back and forth fucking it. I hold onto her thighs to keep her from bucking off my face. I loosen my grip as she starts to calm. She moves off my face by sliding down the same way she moved up…leaving a wet trail over my titties and down my body until she is once again resting on my stomach. She leans down and sucks my tongue into her mouth. Pulling back she lays her head on my shoulder as I hold her and run my hands up and down her back in a soothing motion. 

"Oh Caroline that was so awesome. I’ve never experienced anything like that before."

"You’ve never been with another woman, Maggie." 

"No…I mean…well my sister and I played around with each other, when we were younger, fingering each other until we would cum."

I stroke her hair pulling it back from her face as I turn to kiss her. 

"There is no need to ask if you liked it, is there, honey."

"No, Caroline, there is no need for that. I loved it. But you didn’t cum…do you want me to eat your pussy?"

"Mmmmm, Maggie, only if you want to." 

With that she started moving down and crawled between my legs. I tell her to turn around and I roll us on our sides. I spread open my thighs feeling her warm breath on my wet pussy. Then her tongue is touching me…gently…almost experimentally. I feel her mimicking my earlier movements. Moans escape from me…her touch is soft and exquisitely tender. I spread her thighs and part her outer lips with my thumbs placing my lips against her I suck her inner lips into my mouth. She does the same to me. Our moans fill the room. I take two of my fingers and push them inside her…she stops moving. 

"Oh yes fuck me, Caroline." 

I want to fuck her. I pull away from her…bend down to kiss her and tell her that I do want to fuck her. I get up and open our toy box. I take out my strap-on and secure fit it to me…securing it around my hips. Walking back to the bed…my artificial cock bounces as I walk. She is on her knees looking at me. When I get back to the bed I kneel facing her and pull her mouth to mine ramming my tongue into her mouth as my hard cock is trapped between us.

Whispering against her lips, " I’m going to fuck you, Maggie…but first I want you to suck my cock." 

I release her and push her head toward my cock. Moaning she wraps her lips around the 8" cock protruding from me. It is such an erotic sight seeing her sexy lips surrounding my cock. I start thrusting into her mouth…as I tangle my hands into her hair, pushing her head down…wanting to see all 8 inches inside her mouth. 

"That’s it baby. Suck my cock. Suck my big cock so I can fuck your sweet hot pussy." 

The more she sucks of my cock into her mouth…the faster I fuck her mouth.

"Oh yes, Maggie…you’re my sluty little whore aren’t you. You want my big fat cock in your wet cunt, don’t you baby?"

She nods her head up and down. I pull my cock out of her mouth letting it slap against her face. 

"Turn around bitch and stick your ass in the air. I’m going to fuck you!" 

She doesn’t say anything…she just turns around and sticks her cute bubble butt up in the air. I move closer and rub my cock up and down her slit making her moan and push her ass even higher. I’m feeling nastier and I want her to beg for it. 

"Tell me what you want bitch," I say, as I slap her ass cheeks with my hand.

" I want you to fuck me, please."

"Are you my bitch…my sluty little whore?"

"Yes, omg yes, Caroline…I’m your bitch, your whore!" 

I reach up and grab her hair…pulling her head back. 

"What kind of whore are you?"

"A sluty whore." 

I spit on the crack of her ass and run the head of my cock up and down her crack…spreading my spit around.

"No bitch…you aren’t just my whore…or my sluty whore…you are my sluty anal whore. I’m going to fuck your ass."

"Oh no please Caroline!"

"It’s Mistress Caroline to you, bitch. What are you telling me…that you have never had a cock in your tiny rosebud asshole."

"Yes Mistress Caroline, my tiny rosebud has never been fucked." 

"Maggie, my little slut, I’m going to fuck your ass, I will be easy. It will hurt somewhat but if you listen to me, the pain will be minimal. Do you understand me?"

"Yes Mistress Caroline, I understand."

I guide my cock into her wet pussy… and start fucking her hard, each thrust into her…pushing the dildo in my deeper and deeper. I wonder if I will be able to last…I’m so close to cumming. My hands on her hips I fuck her like a mad woman. Our moans echo each other. 

"OMG…Mistress Caroline…I’m cumming…fuck me hard….yessssssssss….oh yesssssssss." 

"Yes cum, bitch…cum for your Mistress." 

"Yessssssssss……..ohhhhhh yessssssss…….cummmminggggg…..cummmmingggg.

I cum as hard as she does moaning as I push into her pussy and stop…my orgasm washing over me. When we have both calmed down, I pull my slick cock out of her and run it up and down the crack of her ass.

"Spread your cheeks, darling," I say to her.

She looks back at me asking if I’m sure that she can take my cock in her ass. I kiss her ass cheeks…nibbling gently on them assuring her that she can take my cock and that she will love it, just do what I tell you. She reaches back and spreads her cheeks apart I see her sweet brown rosebud in front of me. I push my finger in her pussy and take some of her juice and rub it around her hole…pushing my finger in…fucking it in and out of her, spreading her hole wider. I take my cock and push it back in her pussy…causing her to moan…thrusting in and out coating it with her cum. 

"Play with yourself, Maggie. Rub your clit and finger your pussy." 

I keep fucking her ass with my finger until I see her getting close to another orgasm. I take my cock in my hand…removing my finger I push it against her tight hole. 

"Push back, honey." 

She pushes back as I push forward and the head slips in. 

"Oh God, Caroline it is so big! Take it out, please! Please take it out!"

"Hush, baby," I say as I hold her steady so my cock doesn’t slip out, "you will get used to it. I’m going to work it in slowly." 

I start working my cock in her ass, inch by inch, telling her to keep fucking her pussy and rubbing her clit. I could hear her moans as they began to change…more from pleasure than pain. I had about half my cock in her and I started fucking her now…drawing my cock out until only the head was in her ass and then pushing it deeper into her. I could feel her body shaking, as she came. I kept fucking her ass until I was all the way in her. Putting my hands on her hips I started rocking in and out of her. My pussy being battered with the dildo that was inside me. I knew I couldn’t hold out long. 

"Oh yessssss…Caroline…fuck my ass!"

I slapped her had on the ass.

"Mistress Caroline."

"Yessss…Mistress Caroline." 

"Tell me you want my hot cum! Tell me you want my cum in your ass, you little whore." 

I reach up and grab her hair pulling her head back as I fuck her ass hard and fast.

"Yessss…Mistress Caroline…I want your cum in my ass. Fuck my ass and cum in it."

This is all I can take…waves of orgasmic pleasure wash over me and I cum.

"Oh fuck yesssss…I’m cummmmmingggg. Yesssssss oh yesssssss cummmmingggggg! Yesss my little whore…I’m cummmingggggggggg!"

Her body is shaking as she cums again. I felt her slump under me, her knees giving out on her. I fell on top of her. When I could finally move I rolled over to my side and pulled her to face me. I kissed her on the lips and wrapped my arms around her. We slept.

To be continued… 

Dear Readers, Thank you for your patience and your interest in my story. I am sorry for the delay in getting Chapter 4 submitted. I have had computer problem but hopefully that has been resolved. To all that have emailed me who have not gotten a reply. I will send you one as soon as I can. I appreciate all your encouraging emails and love hearing how much you enjoy my writing. I love to write..and it gives me great pleasure to know that you enjoy what I write. I hope you enjoy this chapter and I am starting on Chapter 5 as we speak. Thanks for reading and voting.