 What would I do with you for a whole day?? To begin our day....

You awake to the smells of omelets and Canadian bacon, with Mrs. Folgers brewing hot on the stove. Almost dreamlike, you lie in bed, the morning sun pouring thru the sheer window curtains. Propped upon your pillows, there is a single rose on the bed beside you. A small handwritten note rests beneath it. With excitement you open the note...it simply says...'relax my sweet - this is your day to be pampered and treated like a queen'. A smile breaks across your face as you realize that today - you are mine. It is then you notice someone standing in the doorway. Your beautiful face looks up at me as I step forward holding a breakfast tray...complete with orange juice and buttered waffles. I carry the tray to the bedside and place it over your legs. You are speechless of the gesture and can only utter a cute squeak as your beaming eyes make contact with mine. I see the utter joy and bewilderment in them, the satisfaction of having the day start the only way it can - perfect. 

I am rewarded with our first kiss. I can feel the contentment as our lips meet, and the underlying desire. But our kiss is brief as I motion for you to enjoy the food before it cools. We make small talk all throughout your meal. Teasingly you share bits of the bacon with me, as we joke and enjoy the first hours of our day. We discuss the possibilities of what awaits us. Do we spend the day in bed - just enjoying each others company? Or do we take in the sights and smells of the town? Will our day be filled with the discovery of each other, or the hustle and bustle of the big city? We decide on a little of both. You finish breakfast and prepare to dress. 

The choice of attire is not quite formal, but we do so want to be looking our best as we move about the town. With the shyness of a new bride, you ask me to turn my back as you dress. I do as you wish, temped to peak, but too much a gentleman to dishonor you so. Waiting for your approval to turn, instead I am surprised by you clasping your hands over my eyes. Your soft sweet breath whispers to my ear to turn around slowly...for you have a surprise for me. You make a point to mention that this day - if all it ended at that moment - would be the most perfect day of your life. 

Teasingly you draw your lips across mine as you turn me to face you. With a reassuring word, you tell me to prepare myself. I can hardly contain my excitement as I wait for the light to meet my eyes. You drop your hands and I am awestruck by the vision that greets me. You are wearing a short sleeved chartreuse dress...which falls to mid thigh, a matching choker and medium healed shoes. Only a hint of makeup graces your silky smooth face - the perfect touch to a killer outfit. I am speechless in my feeling of pride...for soon I will have the loveliest creature on my arm for the whole world to see! My eyes meet yours and you see in them a reassuring smile that this day is perfect for me as well. 

Excitedly we head out to continue our adventure. I am pleased with myself for assuming our plans to tour, for as we walk out of the apartment, a coal black limousine awaits us at the curb. The driver opens the door for us as we approach. I whisper something to him as I step in behind you. You ask where our first stop will be and I say it is a surprise. You smile and sit back into the plush seat to await your prize.

The limo arrives about mid day at the big league baseball stadium. Right up to the gate of the VIP section, we are whisked to our seats. A bit overdressed for the occasion, we laugh thru the stares as we munch on hotdogs and cracker jacks. Enjoying each others company as much as the excitement of the game. The mid day sun cascades down thru the stands until it rests upon your golden blond hair...almost like the spotlight of a stage. This vision is framed in my mind as I hear the crack of the bat - the home team scoring the winning run as the ball sails over our heads. A grand slam homerun in more ways than one. I simply smile....

We rise with the throngs of cheering fans giving salute to the boys of summer. Your arms raised high, simply brimming with excitement. Your dress pulls up your exquisite thighs. This does not escape my attention, for I am reminded so beautifully why I am proud to have you at my side. I feel enveloped - as if in a bubble...the noise of the multitude fades away from my consciousness. I am focused solely on you. In slow motion, you move before me...illuminated by the sun - natures proclamation of purest perfection. Feelings well inside me of guilt, of misguided fortune - for why am I so blessed to be here with you. This emotion overcomes me weakening my knees, I sink to my seat. You look down at me; the expression on your face is one of happiness. Our eyes meet and the signal beaming from them is unmistakable...love. Changing then to concern, for you see the turmoil that rages within me. Then a most encouraging smile blooms on your face, reassuring me that this is right - so absolutely right. This is a moment I wish would never end. But our plans are set to continue this adventure, and now in my mind, there is no doubt. I want to go to a place where even more people can see my pride, anywhere that I can show you off. However much my heart screams for this…I inform the chauffer to proceed to the next destination. You look as if to ask where we are headed, then you simply smile and say not a word.

A short ride from the stadium brings us to the metropolitan art gallery. Forgoing the usual escort that is afforded to VIP's, we are dropped off at the main entrance. Stepping out of the limo and offer you my hand. A nod sends the driver on his way - his services are no longer required. We ascend the granite steps arm in arm. This destination is far more befitting our attire as we are greeted by the hostess. Two glasses of champagne and an event schedule later, we are on our way to experience this fare.

Casually we stroll thru the main exhibit area, stopping at each and every display. I am so intrigued by your comments of the paintings and sculptures. Your culturing shouldn't come as a surprise however, for you do so 'fit' me when we talk. Our conversations have always been engaging - which isn't easy when speaking with me. I am usually more reserved with my inner thoughts, but you're ability to bring them forth doesn't surprise me either. I have obtained a comfort level that I've never had with anyone - and it shows in my actions and my words. You discover more about my philosophies, about how I think and feel of the world than you ever thought possible. Like a bad upper management executive - I have an attention span of less than five minuets. So to captivate my mind as you do speaks volumes! This being said we converse about our impressions.....lost in the distractions the art offers. 

During our tour, we find ourselves in a less traveled area of the gallery. Looking at a particular piece of abstract art, one that is strangely erotic - I put my arm about your waist. You sink into me, two people melting together as one - just as the artwork's colors swirl and blend. Our thoughts obviously heading in the same direction - we turn to each other. Without saying a word, we close and envelop the other in a close embrace, kissing deeply. A kiss that entwines our souls...we breathe with one breath. Eyes slowly close in the rapture of the moment. Lost to the world I take you into my bubble. What happens around us is not our concern nor worry, for true love has no critic. 

For uncounted minuets we remain in our embrace, simply lost in one another. Desire rises within us. A heat, unbearable without release drives us. Like two animals lost in the rut, we tug and pull at each others clothing. Consuming. Breath comes in stolen gasps between mouthfuls of flesh. A conspicuous cough is the only thing saving us from going past the point of no return. Where embarrassment would be the norm, we look to each other as if something dear was lost. Regaining our composure, we simply smile at the uninvited guest and move on our way.

Our tour finishes quickly, the comments we make of the art are curiously sexually oriented - I wonder why. We walk out of the building and are surprised by the sun....for it is much lower in the sky - almost twilight. Turning to look at each other with the knowledge of how this must have happened...the embrace had lasted longer than we thought.

The spring evening surprisingly warm, we decide to walk back to your apartment. Along the river walk, we pass several quaint restaurants. One has a particularly delicioius aroma wafting out from the French style doors. We pause there along the rail to look down at the gondola’s floating by on the river below. Lovers paired two by two, engaged in various acts of dating. Their costumed operators quietly seek out the darker areas of the river...whether to sneak a quick peak, or simply to afford their fare a small bit of privacy. Hand in hand we take in the scene, slowly being overcome by the smells of the many Italian dishes emanating from the restaurant behind us. 

A waitress approaches and asks if we'd care for anything. I look to you and ask if Italian is good, you reply approvingly. Then, quite by surprise, you ask her to bring out a 1982 Bordeaux. The waitress smiles and replies that she can and that she will return shortly. You turn to me with a smile on your face that cannot hide your pride, for the surprise on my face is very evident. 1982 was the premier year for full bodied wines and its record setting Bordeaux's. Typically a source of sexist male pride is the knowledge of fine wines. Instead of feeling slighted by your doing the ordering, I'm overjoyed by the fearlessness of your independence. I simply say..."Thank-you" and offer you my arm to escort you to a walk side table.

Not long after, the waitress brings our selection and presents it to us. Here I take control by tasting the wine. As expected, the vintage is excellent as the wine stands up to its billing. Once the glasses are poured, I raise mine in a toast…"To beauty and discovery!" A most gorgeous smile breaks over your face as you nod and raise your glass. Our eyes meet, never leaving the others as we sample our choice. We go on to order our meal - Cannelloni Florentine. Absolutely to die for! It is followed by a raspberry cheesecake swirled with a white chocolate sauce. We finish our dinner and head out along the river walk.

Your arm wrapped about my waist and your head upon my shoulder we casually stroll along. The lights of the city cascade all around us, creating a most romantic atmosphere. Our journey home takes us thru a recently renovated park that boarders the street your apartment is on. We stop to admire the night sky at a well hidden gazebo. Sitting upon the wooden bench, we lean back and look up at the stars. I point out a rather brilliant light in the sky and tell you that it is my magical star. Any how any wish that is placed upon it will come true.

The silence that follows my remark finds you looking up to the light with your eyes squeezed tightly shut. Like a fortune teller in an arcade, I read your mind. As soon as you open your eyes, my lips find yours in a deep and passionate kiss. Not a kiss with the animalistic desire of earlier, but a soft, loving and caring kiss. Countless minutes pass, each enjoying the other's explorations. Perhaps the knowledge of what discovery awaits us, bridled with the fear of the unknown, just keeps us content with the moment. Soft murmurs of our deepest feelings pass our lips, quietly whispered to your delicate ear. Another of those moments that one wishes would last forever. Again I am surprised by your actions as you stand and extend your hand to me. No words need be said, for the look in your eye says it all.

We spend no time crossing the lush contoured lawn of the park. The street is clear of traffic, for the hour is late. The doorman however is still on duty and he greets us with the tip of his hat. Upon opening the door, he informs you that your order awaits you in your apartment. You nod to him and grab my arm dragging me, giggling all the way across the lobby to the elevator. A tight embrace as we wait for the car to wisp us up and away from inquisitive eyes.

Once inside, the doors not even fully closed, we are on one another. The hot passion contained within us these past few hours explodes in a flurry of pawing and groping. Kisses that devour flesh...your lips, your face, and your neck. In an almost insane state, I pull the dress down off your shoulder. My hot mouth is not far behind, nibbling and sucking the soft skin. Your hands pull me closer to you, thrusting your chest upwards to meet my advance. The elevator comes to a slow halt, but before the doors slide open, you reach over and hit the stop button. The car, with its enflamed occupants hangs frozen eighteen floors above mother earth. 

Thinking that this is not exactly how I envisioned our first encounter, but following your lead, we continue our frenzied exploration. Passion builds to a level almost unbelievable in its desire; we are consumed with the moment. My hands move over your supple body, feeling the soft curves. Your skin feels like silk to my overly sensitive fingers. The heat, unmistakable, emanates from your body. Our breathing gets deeper with each passing second. Pulling back slightly, I look up into your flushed angelic face. Your eyes are dreamily half closed, begging me to continue. Stopping I stand before you. My shirts unbuttoned to the waist…my Dockers fail miserably to hide my desire. I say to you that it's best we move this to the privacy of your apartment. You reluctantly agree and release the elevator from its frozen state. The doors open to reveal a vacant hallway, a clear path to your door. You move out first, dragging me behind you. Giggling again as you fumble with the lock, a huge smile paints your face as you remember the surprise that you have arranged for me.

Once inside, you show me a silver ice bucket that rests in the middle of your dining room table. Inside is a chilled bottle of French champagne with two crystal glasses waiting patiently next to it. You ask me to go ahead and open the bottle and fill the glasses. But you instruct me to not drink any until you return. Willing to play along I agree. You dart off to your bedroom as if you are floating on air. Proceeding to open the champagne, a loud 'pop' announces my success. Pouring the bubbly fare…I fill the crystal goblets.

Placing them on the table by the leather couch, I set the stereo to play a selection of soft romantic music. As I turn from the cabinet, you are standing behind me. The surprise is evident on my face...for you have changed into a very sexy sapphire chemise. Closing for a quick kiss, you ask where I have put the champagne. I reach down and hand you a glass. You remark that these are more than simple crystal; they have magical properties...where any wish made by toasting with them shall come true. Raising my glass, you smile and say...."To everlasting love" Your glass comes up to meet mine without hesitation and the toast is made. Eyes locked to one another’s we drink to us...to love until the end of time. 

We settle down on the soft leather couch, sitting as close to each other as we can without spilling our beverage. We quietly and nervously finish our drinks. Dreamily we lean back and begin kissing. Your hands roam over my chest, my stomach...exploring the firm masculine form. You kiss my face, my neck, working your way lower and lower. Closing my eyes I arch myself up. I feel you begin to unfasten my belt as your tongue teases my belly button.

Hungrily, you pull down my pants, taking the boxers with them. Your hot breath bathes my now fully erect manhood Light tickling kisses down through the course hair to the base of my cock. Your hand wraps around it and slowly begins pumping up and down. I feel your wet velvety tongue touch the sensitive head of my sex, sending shudders throughout my body. Pouty lips gently suck the swollen head into your mouth, your tongue swirling around it. In one motion, you take me fully into you, your hand clasp firmly around the part your mouth can’t envelope. Groaning I enjoy the feeling as I fuck your mouth.

Faster and faster you work at my cock and it grows in response to your actions. Any question as to how far you will carry this is quickly answered as you pull free with a wet sucking popping sound. The cool air that meets my throbbing member is a sensation that is beyond description. I open my eyes to see you hovering just above my cock, a thin string of pre-cum connecting your lips to my manhood. Your eyes stare up at me with a devilish look in them.

This is a site that turns me on so incredibly much that I can no longer resist having you. Pulling you to me, our mouths clash in a deep kiss....I taste my bitterness as I devour your lips. Passion now unbridled…my hands caress your arms, your sides, your breasts, your hips, your bare thigh... Wanting to taste and consume every inch of your flesh and not really sure where to begin. Consciousness is driven by a need to satisfy you as only I can.

Pulling the silky chemise above your waist, you climb on top of me. My cock brushes against your pussy. The heat and wetness – undeniable as my cock slides right in. As slow and gentle as I can be given our position, my cock pushes it's way up inside you. Your eyes close halfway as your face takes on an erotic stare. You are so incredibly firm, your juicy pussy sucks me in tight. My hands are ensconced on your thighs, leg muscles flexing beneath my fingers as you move yourself up and down on my hard shaft.


Your breasts bounce playfully before my eyes. I dart my tongue out to lick and tease your nipples...trying to catch them in my mouth as they move by. Feeling my attempts you glance down and your smile widens as you realize what I'm trying to do. Pressing your tits to my face, I eagerly take in a hardened nipple. Suckling like a nursing babe, I devour your breast. Your hips grind down on my thrusting cock, pushing it deeply into your body. You are so hot and wet, I wish this never to end. But knowing there is so much more I want for us to do, I stop. Pulling my mouth free of your soft fleshy mound I tell you that I want to eat you. Rolling off and onto your feet, you grab the champagne bottle and head off to the bedroom. Leaving the glasses behind by design, I am not far behind.

I find you lying in your bed holding the bottle in one hand, the other absentmindedly rubbing your pussy. This scene before me is exactly how my dreams of you play out every night...your luscious body ready and willing to receive me. You playfully finger your cunt, working yourself into a sexual frenzy.

I climb in beside you and reach for the bottle of champagne. Taking a hardy swig, I position myself over you...my face hovering just above yours. Leaning down, I cover your mouth with mine and dribble the sweet wine from my lips to yours. You eagerly lap it up, taking in my tongue to secure every last drop. Kissing deeply, your hands roam thru my hair and over my back, clawing at me in anticipation of what is to come.

Grudgingly my lips leave yours, and begin to kiss a wet little trail down your neck to your chest. Pausing only a moment to fondle your pert nipples, I resume my downward trek. Upon reaching your stomach, my tongue dances about the ticklish flesh tormenting you. Here again I reach for the champagne and draw the cool bubbly liquid into my mouth. Letting it dribble from my lips, it fills your belly button. Licking around with quick little darts into it...you squirm and wiggle under my ministering. Your hands are once again in my hair raking thru it and at the same time pushing my face lower on your body.

Your eagerness is matched only by my desire to taste you. I nibble my way thru your pubic hair and lightly dance my tongue down the crease where your thigh meets your hip. Licking down then up, switching from side to side...lightly applying pressure as my hands wrap around your hips and draw you upwards to me.
