 1.

Finally, I think to myself as I hear the front door open downstairs. I've been waiting for you all day. You got home late again, but I don't blame you. I know your boss has been working you like a dog these last couple of weeks, with performance reviews just around the corner, but I also know that it's because he can't trust anyone else to do the job right. You just need to hold out a bit longer, and you will be the one to get that promotion they're dangling over you. I believe in you, baby. I'll tell you so every single day until you believe it too.

Unfortunately, words can only do so much. I know you're stressed. I know you want to hop into a time machine and flash forward until all of this is over, but I have a plan -- a distraction. A way to forget, for just a little while. You see, I've been doing some shopping recently, and there are 2 items in particular I'm sure you're going to enjoy.

I wait for you to close the door behind you and sit down on the couch, then I make my move. You'll be watching something far more interesting than TV tonight. I start to slowly walk down the stairs. I want you to watch my every move -- every step I take. As I come into view, you turn to greet me, but before you can utter a single word, your jaw drops to the floor. I continue to take slow steps, flipping my smooth, shoulder length blonde hair to the other side.

"See anything you like?" I ask coyly, and can't help but giggle at your stunned expression. It's priceless.

"Oh my God, Scarlett, you look --" you start to say, but your sentence trails off before you can finish. It seems I've rendered you speechless.

You take a few moments to look me over, from head to toe. I'm wearing light blue baby doll lingerie, and through its nearly transparent fabric you can see my other surprise: a matching baby blue thong, the cloth just barely covering my pussy. The flowery design of my lingerie is just dark enough to hide my nipples, but gives you a fantastic view of my D cup breasts. I'm still a young woman at 28 years old, and I have to say I've always been very proud of my boobs. They are a perfect handful, soft but still perky, and bounce tantalisingly with every step I take. The lingerie showcases my long legs and flawlessly smooth skin, and you can see that under my thong I have left my pubic hair natural for you, with just a neat trim to remove any excess. I hope it's everything you could have wished for in your woman. I hope I look ravishing, mind-blowing, irresistible. I hope I look--

"Perfect," you say as you stand up from the couch. "You look perfect."

I smile as I finally reach the ground floor and walk towards you, my breasts and lingerie swaying back and forth like palm trees on a warm summer night.

"There's no need to stand up," I say to you, waving my finger in faux punishment and making a tsk tsk sound. "I'm going to be doing all the work tonight."

2.

As you sit back down, I walk right up in front of the couch and turn around with my bum facing you, lifting up my lingerie to give you a clear view. You can see my tight and fit ass cheeks popping out of my thong. I start swaying my hips, and you reach up and touch my ass, giving each cheek a gentle squeeze. I moan softly with pleasure, savouring your warm touch, then turn around to face you once again. I lean over you slowly and seductively, my cleavage just inches from your face. You reach out to fondle my breasts, but I push your hands away, putting them back down on your waist. I still want to be in control.

I smile warmly at you, leaning forward to kiss your lips. You gladly return the kiss, and our tongues meet, twisting and turning slowly at first, but getting more passionate with every passing moment. I'm moaning into your mouth now, tongues still clashing as I start to undo your dress shirt. I can see from the growing bulge in your pants that I'm doing a good job.

With your shirt finally off, I start gently kissing your neck and nibbling your ears, still holding your hands down by your waist. My right hand creeps down further and further as I keep kissing you. You groan as you feel my hand stroking your half-erect penis through your pants. I giggle a bit as it continues growing in my hand. There's nothing quite like knowing you're the reason your man is getting hard.

Suddenly I step back for a moment and kneel down between your legs, in front of the couch. You know what's coming next, and your breathing quickens with anticipation. I look into your eyes and smile devilishly as I unfasten your belt and pull your dress pants down -- first past your waist, then past your legs. Finally I take them off past your feet and toss them aside. We won't be needing them.

Now you're totally naked except for your underwear, which is doing a pitiful job of attempting to contain your fully erect cock. I continue massaging your dick through your underwear while I lean over and kiss your chest and waist, giving every inch a little peck. I can already see a bit of pre-cum making a tiny spot on your underwear. I'll be sure to savour the taste of it very soon.

Finally I take your underwear off, holding your throbbing penis in my hand and admiring my man's beautiful dick. I look up at your face again, seeing the lust and desire in your eyes.

"You want me to suck your cock, baby?" I ask you while stroking it up and down with my hand. "You want to see my pretty lips wrapped around it?"

"I want it so bad," you reply with a hoarse voice, like suddenly your throat went completely dry.

"Then tell me. Tell me what you want." I say, stroking slightly harder than before.

"I want you to suck my cock, Scarlett," you say assertively.

I give you a sly smile, holding your gaze for another few moments before I look back down and lock my eyes on my target.

3.

I hold your shaft upright with one hand, stick my tongue out and slowly lick from the base all the way to the tip, stopping for a moment at the tip to softly slurp up your pre-cum.

"Mmm, you taste so good," I tell you with a grin. "I hope you have a lot more where that came from."

I spend the next couple minutes licking up and down your cock. I want you to look into my eyes as I drag my warm and wet tongue slowly over your throbbing shaft. I know you want more. I'm such a tease, but I can't help myself. Teasing you turns me on even more.

I take your dick in my right hand and stroke it gently as I drop a bit lower. Your balls need some affection too. I drag my tongue all over your scrotum to warm you up, and your balls start to droop a little bit lower. Just how I like it. I softly suck on one ball at a time, taking it into my mouth and pulling my head back so it falls out with a popping sound. I bet it feels so good having your balls caressed by my tongue and lips. You run your fingers through my silky smooth hair as I switch back to licking your shaft.

I can see you've had enough teasing now. I don't want to torture my man too much. I finally take the first couple inches of your hard as steel penis between my lips, and you can feel my tongue and cheeks massaging its head as I increase the suction. You moan in satisfaction as I playfully push on your upper chest to make you lean back more. I want you to just relax and enjoy every moment.

My tongue dances against your shaft and my bright red lipstick smears a little bit as I passionately suck your cock. Up and down, sucking hard on the way up, relaxing on the way down. I bring one of my hands up to help, stroking your shaft in rhythm with each long thrust.

A few minutes later I take my mouth off your dick and take a deep breath. I've been practising on one of my dildos for a couple weeks now and I think I'm finally ready to go all the way down. I slowly take your cock in my mouth, inch after inch. I'm really doing it!  I think to myself.  I'm going to deepthroat it all the --

Suddenly it hits my gag reflex and I have to pull back and cough for a moment. I look up at you and giggle.

"I'm not giving up till I have your cock down my throat!"

You nod in approval. I'm such a good girl, aren't I? I start again, sucking inch after inch, pushing my head down further and further. This time I succeed. You groan loudly as I finally get every inch of your dick down my throat, my lips wrapped right around the base. I'm so proud of myself. For my next trick, I will make this dick disappear!  I laugh in my head.

Your face contorts in pleasure as I am now able to suck you all the way. Every time I go down again you can feel the tightness of my throat, like a warm vice grip around your aching erection. Your moans and heavy breathing make my pussy so wet. I can't help but bring my other hand down to play with myself, making sure you have a clear view of the action. You can see my wet pussy lips giving way to my fingers as I effortlessly glide them in and out. I bet you want to taste my sweetness. I bet you want to rip off my lingerie and take me here and now, fuck me until you can't take it anymore and you blast your load deep inside me, and pull out while it drips all over the couch. Maybe you'll get your chance, but for now I'm a woman on a mission.

With one hand I keep playing with my pussy, while with the other I start jerking your cock with a twisting motion and sucking hard on the first couple inches. Your breathing is getting faster. I know you must be so close. I want to cum with you, baby. I want to cum together.

Now I'm frantically fingering my clit as your penis gets harder than I ever believed possible.

"Fuck, Scarlett, I'm gonna cum...don't stop, baby," you say between gasps.

I won't stop until I get every last drop. Don't worry about that.

My orgasm hits me right as I go back to deepthroating you, your penis buried all the way inside my mouth. I feel the strong contractions rippling through my whole body, and I moan in ecstasy, my throat vibrating around your cock. That's it -- that's all you can take. You cry out as your penis suddenly expands, then contracts hard, shooting your first wave of semen right down my throat.

I swallow instantly, preparing for the next shot. You taste so fucking good. You look down at me and it almost seems like a dream. Your woman, in baby doll lingerie, on her knees quaking with what looks like the orgasm of her life, while you unload all your stress directly into her waiting mouth. You moan again in pleasure and sheer disbelief as your cock twitches and pulses with every spurt.

Finally both of our orgasms subside, and I give you another suck of your entire length to make sure I got every bit of your cum. I stand up and turn towards the stairs, blowing you a kiss on the way.

"When you've recovered, I'll be waiting for you in the bedroom. I've got a few things under this lingerie that you must be dying to play with."

As I walk up the stairs, you see my soaking wet pussy through my thong, and you can't seem to take your eyes off of my perfect ass.

It's going to be a long night, you think to yourself.

Your cock twitches.