 I clean up the boxes of used tissues and medicines from my bed. I shave my legs and take more Paracetamol to reduce my fever, but I'm still sweating profusely.

I decide to wear my hair up to reduce some of the heat that is penetrating my body. I apply my red lipstick to entice him, matching it with a plunging dress, so he can marvel at my breasts and crave my lips. I am rushing around trying to hide the fact that I haven't been out of bed or my pj's for days. I'm incredibly bored and lonely, I can't wait until he gets here. My heart is racing. 

He knocks at my door. I run to it. He shuffles in with his hat shielding his face and I stare up at my ex that resembles a handsome bear, his dark beard grazing my cheek while he kisses me. When he finally looks up and takes me in, his mouth drops open. Apparently he approves.

He holds me and I melt into his arms, not in a romantic way, a sick, you've got the flu way. My mouth finds the way to his and it's on. He lifts me onto the back of the couch and wraps me around him. His lips move to my ear, as he breathes loudly into it before making his way down to my cleavage. I remove his hat, so he can move around my body with ease. I pull his face up to me and kiss him deeply, my red lipstick now all over his face.

I lead him to my bedroom and close the door. My hand travels up his chest to push him to the bed. His hand reaches up my thigh to pull at my dress for two reasons. 1. For me to move closer to him. 2. To remove my dress, so my two round E cup breasts will bounce freely in his face. I straddle him and my computer falls off the bed to the ground. I remove my dress as he undoes my bra. 

Looking like a kid at Christmas, he takes them both in his hands. He bites my nipples hard while looking at me, teasing me as he grabs my ass and grinds it against his raging dick that wants to be unleashed. He teases me longer, biting me harder as I cry out, my underwear becoming increasingly wet in anticipation. 

I move my mouth down to him as he grabs my face kissing me passionately while I grind harder and harder. I feel like we are two high school kids mucking around after school. His hands wander down to my underwear and at first his hands touch the smooth soaked satin. I shuddered and forced his hand inside to stroke my clit and to explore me further. He does, I cum almost instantly from our build up, he can do no wrong. 

I have to have him inside me now. I fumble with the fly on his pants while he laughs and finds my lips to kiss me harder. When he is finally released I skunk back so I can look directly at him while kissing him up and down his long shaft. 

I continue this while moaning at him, he knows what I want. He pulls me up and rips my underwear to the side, so he can fill me up, just the way I want to be filled up. He guides me down slowly so I can feel the full extent of his shaft in me. My vagina walls contract and I'm so tight, that it feels amazing for both of us. I build up pace while riding him.

After a while, I demand that he gets on top of me, his body covering me, making me feel protected, while he stares deeply at me to see if I'm enjoying it and taking in my reaction to pain that is so much pleasure in my heightened state of arousal. He wraps my legs around him and fucks me hard. 

I whisper that I want to be taken from behind, I want him in complete control. He spanks me, softly at first but building up to more force while I rub my clit to another orgasm. He pumps me harder and harder, while I keep encouraging him to fuck his dirty little shut, saying that I've been such a bad girl and need punishing.

He then forces me to the ground so I can continue to suck his dick while I'm on my knees, that drives him wild and he cums while one of my hands are cupping his balls and the other one exploring his length. Relief washes over him while I swallow his tasty load. I don't know what this guy does but it tastes like breath mints.

He picks me off the floor, I am then aware that my blinds were open and my housemate was home and would have heard me moaning. He holds my face in his hands and kisses me passionately. We stare at each other and then I break the silence by saying "hi, I guess we got carried away" and buried my sweat soaked hair in to his hairy chest.