 Chapter 1: Let's Make a Deal (or Cramming for the Exam)

--------------------------------------

"Come in?" Professor Carlson called out, tentatively. He wasn't certain whether he'd heard a knock at his office door or not at first. The door creaked slowly open, and she walked in, her eyes mostly down and only glancing up at him occasionally. He felt his face grow flush, and his position in his chair suddenly became pleasantly uncomfortable.

"Professor Carlson?" she asked. She was really nervous about this meeting, but she was determined to maintain her composure.

"Yes, Susie, what can I do for you today."

"Um, sir, I need to talk to you about my grade in your class."

Susie was a freshman in his general chemistry class, and by far the worst student he'd had in years. But she was also by far the sexiest. And she was exactly his type: very innocent and very slutty at the same time, with a gorgeous face and long, brown hair, pulled up into two high pony tails. She had rather a lot of make-up on, which he loved, and she wore large, hoop earrings. She was wearing a short, flared skirt, a low-cut, but tight, cropped shirt that came up just under her very large breasts. (He was pretty sure she wasn't wearing a bra.) Her very high heels accented her beautiful legs, and...were those stockings?

"Please have a seat," he said, trying to maintain his concentration.

Susie walked carefully to his large desk, put her purse on the floor, and sank into the chair, taking a deep breath. She knew that she was failing miserably, and her only hope was to convince him to give her some sort of extra credit assignments. Maybe a short research paper? Or maybe he'd let her re-take one of the exams? She was desperate.

She crossed her legs and adjusted her skirt, and, for a moment Prof. Carlson thought he caught a glimpse of black panties. He cleared his throat and tried to keep his eyes on her face.

"What seems to be the trouble, Susie?" he asked.

"Well, sir, I..." She hesitated for a moment, and began again. "Sir, I know I'm not doing very well in your class. In fact, I'm pretty sure I must be failing."

Prof. Carlson glanced at the computer screen on his desk. "Yes, I'm afraid you're very right. And with only a week left in the semester, I fear that even a perfect score on the final exam wouldn't help you to pass."

Susie's lips began to curl and for a moment she looked as though she might cry. But at last she pulled herself together and said, "Sir, I know I haven't done anything to deserve it, but do you suppose we might find some sort of extra credit assignments that I might do to pull my grade up?"

"Susie, I really don't think that would be fair to the other students."

"Please, sir? My mom told me that if I fail this class, they'll send me to the community college in my hometown. I just know I'd end up working at McDonald's for the rest of my life!"

"Susie, I don't mean to sound cruel here, but you really should have thought of this several months ago, not just before the end of the semester."

"Maybe I could write an extra paper? Or if you let me re-take the mid-term exam, I'm just sure I could do much better!" As she spoke, she sounded more and more desperate, and she began to rise slightly from her chair.

Prof. Carlson paused. As she spoke, her breasts jiggled ever so slightly beneath her top. For a few seconds he could clearly see sheer black panties beneath her skirt, and...a new thought crossed his mind: he could have this gorgeous little slut for himself for a few hours. He couldn't really believe what he was considering it, but he just couldn't help himself. After all, he'd been secretly lusting after her all semester long, and here she was at his mercy. As he slowly realized what an opportunity he had, his pulse quickened and his cock began to harden between his legs.

"OK, Susie, let me think about this for a moment. You need to pass my class or you'll spend the rest of life flipping burgers. But all your ideas for `extra credit' mean that much more work for me; frankly I don't really want to grade yet another exam or read yet another long paper. You're asking me to help you out here, but you're not offering any help to me in return."

Susie was confused (a common state of mind for her). What did he mean? What else could she do? Surely he didn't mean... Susie gasped softly at the idea of it. She did think Prof. Carlson was very handsome, but would he really be interested in her...like that? She felt herself becoming wet as she began to fantasize about him undressing...

"Susie?" His voice startled her back to reality.

"Sorry, sir. I was thinking about...something else."

"Well, what do you think? Is there something you could do to help me?"

"Um..." She squirmed a bit in her seat. "Maybe." Susie hesitated. Was she right about his intentions? How could she be sure? Then, as she shifted yet again in her chair, she glanced the front of his trousers. Her suspicions were confirmed.

"Yes?" Prof. Carlson asked.

"Sir, if you could help me to pass this class, I'd be willing to do anything you wanted." And then, after a pause, "anything."

"I see. Then perhaps we can come to an agreement, Susie. I'm willing to give you a chance to improve your grade IF you'll do and say exactly what I tell you and answer every question I ask you for the rest of the day. Do you understand what I mean?"

"I think so."

"Then do you agree?"

Susie paused. He really was handsome, she thought. And judging by that bulge in his pants, she could really have some fun with him.

"Yes, sir, I agree...I will do whatever you want."

Chapter 2: Q & A (or T & A)

--------------------------------------

Prof. Carlson smiled, then stood and locked his office door. He turned to face Susie, whose eyes went straight to the tent sticking out of his pants. Her nipples hardened at the thought of what he had under there.

"How old are you, Susie?" he asked as he took his seat again.

"Nineteen, sir."

"Do you have a boyfriend?"

"I did in high school. But we broke up after graduation."

"Did the two of you date for very long?" 

"Most of our senior year."

"Was it serious?"

"Um, I'm not really sure what you mean."

"Were you very intimate with him?"

"Sort of." Susie's heart was pounding. "We made out a lot, and he touched me a few times."

"How did he touch you?"

Her face flushed at this question. "Um...he would touch my...my breasts."

"Tits, Susie. I want you to call them tits for me." He loved talking to her this way.

"He would touch my tits."

"Outside your blouse?"

"No, sometimes I would let him unbutton it and take off my bra."

"Are you wearing a bra now?"

"No, sir."

"I didn't think so. Why not?"

"Well...bras aren't very comfortable for a girl of my...size, sir."

"How big are your tits, Susie?"

"34DD, sir." That was his guess, and his cock became even harder.

"Did your boyfriend ever lick your nipples?"

"Yes."

"Do you like that?"

"Oh, God, yes."

"Did you ever touch your boyfriend, Susie?"

"Um...yes. A couple of times."

"Tell me about it."

"Well, the first time was when we went out parking. We'd kissed for a while, and he was feeling me up under my shirt when my elbow bumped his...thing."

"His cock?"

Susie gasped slightly at this word. "Yes, sir. His...his cock."

"What happened then."

"He took my hand and put it on his...cock, and I started rubbing it through his pants."

"And then?"

"After a while, he moved my hand away, unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans, and slid then down to his knees. He was still wearing boxers, but they didn't hide very much, so I helped him push them down, too."

"Was that the first time you'd seen a cock?"

"Yes, sir."

"And what did you think of it?"

"It looked huge. I couldn't imagine how it could possibly fit in my...pussy."

"How big was it?"

"I'm not sure. Maybe five inches or so?"

Prof. Carlson smiled inside. He was anxious to show her what a real cock looked like. "And what happened next?"

"He put my hand back on his cock and showed me how to stroke it in just the right way. I did that for a few minutes and then he started breathing really hard and then..." Susie stopped.

"Yes? Did he come?"

"Yes. Stuff shot out of his cock and all over his chest and my hand. It was very sticky."

"What happened next?"

"He got dressed and took me home."

"Did you ever do more with him than a handjob?"

"Once he tried to put his finger into my pussy, but that's all."

"Did you come?"

"I think so, but I'm not sure."

"Well, Susie, thank you for answering my questions so willingly. This afternoon, we're going to have a lot of fun. Why don't you stand up and turn around slowly for me so I can get a better look at your outfit."

Chapter 3: It Begins (or The Oral Examination)

--------------------------------------

Susie did as she was told. She couldn't believe how horny this situation was making her.

"Bend over the chair -- away from me," Prof. Carlson instructed.

She turned her back to him and bent at the waist over the chair. Her short skirt rode up her ass, showing him quite a lot of cheek and a flash of her panties.

"You are exceptionally beautiful, Susie. Now, sit back down, spread your legs wide, and raise your knees for me."

This was the moment of truth. Susie hesitated briefly, perhaps a little embarrassed, but soon did as he'd ordered. As she lifted her knees, he could see the crotch of her (very small) panties pulled tightly against the mound of her pussy. His heart was beating fast in his chest and his cock was harder than ever. He noticed that her panties appeared to be wet. 

"Are you horny, Susie?"

"Oh yes."

"Rub your pussy through your panties for me, and squeeze one of your tits through your top."

Susie ran a hand down between her thighs and used her middle finger to rub her clit through her panties. She was soaking her panties, now. With her other hand, she lifted one of her huge tits and fondled the nipple through her shirt. She did this for several minutes, but soon Prof. Carlson could wait no longer.

"Susie, get down on your knees in front of my chair and open my pants."

"Yes, sir." Susie did as she was told, though she was a little disappointed to have to stop playing with herself. She slid onto her knees between his legs and reached for his belt. She unbuckled it, then unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. She suddenly realized he wasn't wearing any underwear, and she let out a gasp as his cock came into view.

"Do you like it?" he asked.

"Oh my God, it's huge," she said with wide eyes. It had to be a good eight inches, far longer than she'd ever seen before. He stood and let his pants fall to the ground, then slipped them off, along with his shoes. Susie started to stand, but he stopped her.

"No, no. I like you just where you are."

Prof. Carlson sat back down and unbuttoned his shirt. Susie would have enjoyed seeing his chest, if her eyes hadn't been locked on his cock, bobbing right in front of her face.

"Put your hand on my cock, Susie."

She tentatively wrapped her small hand around his monster cock, which twitched at her first touch. He was in heaven: He had the primary object of his lust, kneeling in front of him with her hand on his cock. He wondered if she had any real idea what he had in store for her.

"Stroke it, Susie."

She began to move her hand up and down the length of his cock, and he let a moan escape. She looked up at him and smiled seductively. "God she's so sexy," he thought to himself. "How can this gorgeous girl be such a natural at this, but be so inexperienced?"

"Lick my cock, Susie."

She looked up at him with wide eyes again. Her girlfriends had talked about "blowjobs" before, but she'd never actually tried it. How would he taste?

"I've never done that before, sir."

"Well, this is a perfect opportunity to learn, don't you think? Just pretend it's a great, big lollipop. Run your tongue all over the underside, and occasionally take it deep into your mouth. Be sure not to use your teeth, and keep stroking it gently with your hand.

Susie giggled, but did as he instructed. She ran the tip of her tongue up and down the length of his cock, and was surprised at the texture and taste. It was a little salty, but very warm...soft and hard at the same time.

Prof. Carlson couldn't take his eyes off of her. He knew he wouldn't last long, but he wanted to hold off at least a few more minutes -- strictly in the interest of educating her, of course.

It didn't take Susie long to get the knack of it. She quickly found that she got a nice moan from him when she used her tongue to tickle the underside of his cock, just an inch or so beneath the head. And then she found that he seemed to love it when she ran her tongue up the entire length of his cock, from his balls to the head. But perhaps the best response was when she would suddenly slide his cock very deeply into her mouth -- all the way to her throat -- while looking right into his eyes. Prof. Carlson began to wonder how a girl so dumb in class could be such a fast learner about sex. But he certainly wasn't about to complain.

"Show me your tits, Susie."

She sat back a bit and smiled seductively up at him before lifting her top slowly up over her huge mounds. Now it was his turn to gasp as yet another fanstasy of his was fulfilled.

"Do you want me to take off my shirt, sir?"

"No, no, leave it on. I just want to touch them while you suck my cock."

With that, she resumed her ministrations on his member, and he ran a hand down to squeeze one of her tits. After a few more minutes, he placed his other hand on the back of Susie's head to guide her efforts. As he felt himself getting closer and closer to his inevitable release, he became more and more forceful with her, running his fingers into her hair and pushing his cock deeper into her mouth. Susie felt him pressing his cock deeper into her face, and opened her mouth wider to accept it. She realized that she liked him being rough with her; she enjoyed the feeling of him using her for his pleasure.

Soon Prof. Carlson could take no more. He stood up over Susie, who slouched down low onto her knees. As he stroked his cock over her face, Susie again looked confused.

"What now, sir?"

"Now, Susie, I am going to come. I want you to sit just as you are, but hold your tits up for me, lean your head back, and open your mouth wide with your tongue out slightly."

"Are you going to come in my mouth?" she asked hesitantly. Susie had also heard her girlfriends talk about "swallowing", but she wasn't sure she could do it.

"I'm going to come all over you, Susie. I'm going to drench you in my come."

Susie's heart was pounding. She was a little scared, but she did exactly as she was told. She lifted her tits up to him, put her head back, opened her mouth, and waited.

As Susie moved into position, Prof. Carlson began pounding his cock right over her face. He'd fantasized about this moment for the entire semester, and now he had his little slut right where he wanted her: on her knees, ready for his come. Seeing her lean her head back and open her mouth pushed him over the edge and he began to climax. The first few shots were huge and sprayed across her forehead, cheeks, and nose. The next several spurts dripped down into her mouth and onto her tits. He couldn't believe how much come his cock was firing at her. As the last of his load finally drained from his cock, he saw Susie swallow the jism that had made it into her mouth, her face completely glazed with his seed.

Susie had gotten her first taste of come, and she liked it. It was a little salty, but a little sweet, too. But what she especially liked was what she did to him: the way he lost control over her, the way she made him moan when she licked his cock in just the right spot, the look in his eyes when he saw her tits. She was anxious to see what would happen next.

"So, do I pass, Professor Carlson?"

He smiled down at her with his cock in his hand. "We're just getting started, my dear."

Chapter 4: Passing with Flying Colors (or The Birthday Surprise)

--------------------------------------

Susie approached the front door of Prof. Carlson's house at 7:00 pm, just as he'd instructed. Their afternoon tryst was just the appetizer for another, more private session that same evening, and Prof. Carlson needed to, in his words, "recuperate a bit". Susie arrived wearing the same outfit she'd had on during their earlier meeting, again just as he'd instructed. She rang the doorbell, and soon the professor answered, wearing tight jeans and a white button-down shirt. Susie hadn't seen him dress so casually before, but she thought him very handsome.

"Welcome, Susie. Please come in."

As soon as he'd closed the door behind her, he grabbed roughly her by the arm and pulled her close. He kissed her deeply, and she melted into his embrace. He ran one hand down to her skirt and felt her soft ass through her skimpy panties. In no time he had another raging hard-on, and he was ready for much more.

"Can I get you something to drink? A glass of wine?"

"Sure that would be great. White?"

"I've got a bottle of Chardonnay already chilled and opened?" He poured a glass for each of them and they sat close together on the sofa. They chatted about various things like her social life, her friends, other classes, and Susie soon found that the wine was going straight to her head. In no time she had gone from nervous to flirty, and she kept putting her hand on his thigh, giggling loudly at his jokes, and unintentionally giving him excellent views down her top. Prof. Carlson, meanwhile, was enjoying her behavior, becoming more and more randy as they spoke.

After a little while, he could take no more. He took her by the arm again and pulled her upstairs into his bedroom, where he'd set up a video camera on a tripod. Yet again, Susie was confused.

"Are we going to make a movie, sir?" she asked.

"Sort of. Have you ever seen a porno film, Susie?"

"No, but I've heard of them. It's where people have sex on camera, right?"

"Yes, and tonight, you're going to be the star of our little porno flick. Don't forget our agreement, Susie."

"But I don't know if I feel right about being recorded. Who else would see it?"

"I promise you that only you and I will ever see this film. I just want something to remember you by."

She was hesitant, but she trusted him, so she finally agreed.

"So, how do we start?"

Prof. Carlson aimed the camera towards Susie, and said "Well, first I want you to do a little dancing for me. I don't want you to strip, but I definitely want to be able to see everything." He went to the stereo and started a slow, sexy song, and then sat down on the bed to watch.

Susie smiled a little embarrassedly, but soon she got into the mood. Her hips swayed back and forth to the music and she squeezed her tits through her top. Soon, she turned her back to him and bent at the waist to make her skirt ride high on her ass. He could see her black panties pulled tight against her pussy and his cock got even harder. She ran her hands down between her legs and stroked her thighs upward towards her crotch. When she reached her panties, she hooked a finger underneath them and pulled them to the side, revealing her pussy for him for the first time. He sighed deeply at the sight. She wasn't shaved, but she was neatly trimmed, which he found extremely sexy. 

Soon she stood upright again, turned to face him, and lifted her shirt over her tits. Still swaying to the beat, she pinched her nipples until they were hard and ran a hand down between her legs again.

During her dance, Prof. Carlson had gradually removed his clothing, except for his silk boxer shorts. As the music came to an end, he was almost desperate with lust for her. He grabbed her roughly and threw her onto her back onto the bed. He climbed on top of her and kissed her passionately, pressing his bulge into her crotch. She moaned into his mouth as they kissed and she ran one hand across the front of his boxers.
