 I'm all dressed up, looking so completely fine and I know it as I walk into the room. I've taken special care to look my best this evening, knowing that this is an important night for my husband and he will need his trophy wife to shine on his arm as he wines and dines all of his most important clients.

The annual ball is always a good excuse to spend the day at the spa getting waxed and massaged, perfumed and coiffed in preparation. The elegant dress and exquisite jewelry provide the perfect setting as he notices me enter and waves me over to present me to someone. I smile and sparkle, playing my role to the hilt as various introductions are made... until I look up and find myself drowning in the deep pools of your eyes as your warm hand engulfs mine and I hear you say "I'm delighted to meet you Linda.", your lips curving into a smile that I know is directed solely at me. My pulse flutters as I struggle to contain my surprise...our trysts have been very hush-hush and your presence here is making me squirm as my conscience turns a spotlight on my clandestine activities so all could see. You're making small talk in your low quiet voice and I nervously reply...but I start to relax as I realize no-one has noticed my reaction to your presence. I even begin to enjoy the feeling of excitement it's giving me talking to you with all these people around and none of them knowing how we've spent our time enjoying each others' company in the past few weeks.

When dinner is finally announced I'm pleased to discover that you've arranged to be seated across from me at the table, giving you even more opportunities to tease me privately by including secret meanings and double entendres meant for only me to understand hidden in our public discourse. We continue to talk throughout dinner...the food is good, the company entertaining, and the wine intoxicating, so much so that I become emboldened enough to slip one of my shoes off and stretch my stocking-clad foot across under the table to nestle it into your lap. You masterfully conceal your surprise as I caress your bulging crotch with my toes, feeling your growing erection straining to escape the confines of your tuxedo trousers, but I can see the expression in your eyes change from one of hidden amusement to growing desire.

I feel your ardor reaching toward me in waves across the table and I begin to lose my concentration, lost in your gaze. My nipples harden within the grasp of my delicate lingerie and the feel of the lace against them only heightens the sensation. I notice you noticing as they become more obvious in their protuberance, and my panties begin to dampen as my mind starts to fill with visions of the things I would rather be doing with/for/to you. The smile fades from my lips as the seriousness of my desire for you takes me over and you know me well enough by now to recognize that hunger in my eyes and are quick to pick up on my hint, volunteering to accompany me when I excuse myself from the table to go and check up on the arrangements for our after-dinner entertainment. My husband is completely absorbed in his conversation with his newest client as he absentmindedly accepts my excuse and dismisses me with a wave and a quick peck on the cheek. Turning to go, I glance at you and you leave your seat to follow me out of the room...

As soon as we find ourselves alone in the seclusion of a little used hallway, we can't keep our hands off one another for another minute! I lift my face to meet yours, closing my eyes as your mouth covers mine and I part my lips slightly and tease across yours with a flick of my warm tongue. Your tongue darts out to meet mine, gently at first, then deeper. My body is completely pressed against yours now and I feel a whimper leave my lips before I can stop it as you push a thigh between my legs and I start to gently grind against you unwittingly. Your strong hands are roaming over my back, clasping me tightly to you as I move my hands from your face to the back of your neck, my fingernails sending chills down your spine. As we devour each other, I remove my hands from your neck, tracing them down over your chest to the buckle of your belt. You hold my hands to stop me. I break the kiss, looking at you with lust in my eyes. You grin and move your lips to my ear, your hot breath tickling my neck as you whisper "I know a place."

Grasping me by the hand you pull me with you and I let you lead me down the hallway and out the side entrance, toward the parking area. Keeping low so as not to draw attention to ourselves, we weave amongst the cars until we come to a limousine. Unlocking the back door, you hold it open and usher me inside, closing it behind you to ensure our privacy.

Once inside, you pull me onto your lap and resume kissing me deeply. All thoughts of anything but you are gone from my head as our tongues wrestle and strive, our hands grope and caress one another. Wanting closer contact, I undo the buttons of your shirt, pulling it from your waistband and sighing with pleasure at the sight and feel of your warm, bare flesh. Slipping to my knees to kneel between your thighs, I lower my mouth to your chest, kissing and licking, tracing circles on your nipples with my tongue, dragging my nails down over the hairs on your chest and abdomen until my fingers reach the waistband of your trousers again. God, I want you to take me. Here, now. I don't care about anything else. 

My warm, wet lips move back up your chest as I lean into you, pushing you back as I press my belly against your groin, feeling how hard your erection is as I undo your belt, then your trousers. You thrust against me involuntarily as I ease them downward past your crotch until your cock is free of restraint, your ass bare on the warm leather of the seat. Sitting back, my hands move slowly up your inner thighs, wanting to feel every inch of your skin and every hair on it. My fingers finally brush against your balls and you let out a soft gasp as I cup them in one hand. I grip your hard, throbbing cock with the other, so thick my fingers only just circle around it. I squeeze your shaft, moving up it's length as I do, watching the warm pre-cum seep out of it's swollen tip and down toward my fingers. I move my hand to the base again, holding it with a circled thumb and finger as I lower my head toward you...you seem to brace yourself slightly, knowing what's coming. I feel the hard, hot, smooth tip of your erection touch my soft lips...I lick around your head and slowly circle the smooth skin of it, swirling the pre-cum onto it. You let out a low groan and try to thrust into my mouth, but I press your hips back into the seat and continue teasing the tip with the circles I'm drawing with my tongue, then suckle you into my mouth. You try to edge more of your cock into my mouth with another thrust and I lower my mouth over you to take as much of you as I can. Your hands guide my head, encouraging me to take you deeper each time as I slowly move up and down your shaft, sucking more pre-cum out of you, my other hand still fondling your balls. I can almost take your whole length into my mouth, feeling you touch the back of my throat, nearly making me gag. You're moaning with every thrust now and it's driving me wild for you. Your breath is growing short and quick and I can feel the pressure building.

"Wait...." You manage breathlessly.

It takes all my willpower to slowly ease my mouth off your cock as you pull me back up to you and kiss me deeply.

"My turn." You smile and push me back until I'm lying on the seat. 

Running your hands down from my waist, over my hips, and down the outside of my thighs, you caress every inch of my skin as you go. As you ease your hands up between my thighs, I part my legs, ready for you to explore me as I lie back with my eyes closed. I feel the warmth of your hands as you near my center and you draw one finger over the wet softness of my soaked panties. My sharp intake of breath lets you know that I'm aching for your touch. Your fingers come away wet with my warm, silky juices as I open my legs further, an unconscious motion to encourage you into my inviting pussy. You ease my lingerie over my hips and off of me...the sight of me with my high heels, dress around my waist, my pussy shaved and glistening with my juices, draped on the back seat of your limo sends a powerful wave of desire through you. You slip a finger into my soft, wet hole and watch it disappear inside me. I let out a groan and arch my back...my pussy is so swollen. You slip another finger in as you inhale my aroma. As your two middle fingers plumb the depths of my pussy, your thumb grazes my clit, making me squirm at your touch. You move your thumb in gentle circles over my hot bud as you curl your fingers inside me and tease my G-spot, making me writhe uncontrollably, pushing down onto your hand and pulling away again, rocking the car.

After a few minutes of this teasing, you slowly ease your fingers out of me. I'm dripping wet now...you run your hands down the inside of my thighs and push my legs still further apart. Kneeling down on your knees so your face is level with my pussy, you inhale my scent again, so intoxicating. Using your tongue, you stroke the length of me from hole to clit. I let out another groan and you can't help but groan too as you slip your tongue deep inside me, feeling my muscles tighten around it. You try to fill me completely, reaching deep, your face soon covered with my juices. My hands are on the back of your head, my nails digging into you as you pull your tongue out of me and suck on the soft lips around my slit. You lick the length of me again until you find my swollen clit. Stretching the outside of my pussy lips with one hand, you teasingly start to lick it in tight circles, your other fingers slowly slipping back inside me. I jerk forward, thrusting against your face, closing and opening my legs again, my moans filling the quiet air around us.

My heart is beating so fast and my breathing so shallow I feel as though I could die in the back seat of this car. My head is spinning from your touch between my legs. You are in complete control of me...you have to know that I'm going to climax because of you but you hold me off. You stop the gentle lapping of my clit and withdraw your fingers from inside me...sitting up, you take a deep breath. I watch your chest heave as you compose your breathing and all I can think about is having you inside me, deep inside the most intimate part of me.

"Damn, I want to fuck you." You growl between breaths "Come here."

You pull me back up onto your lap, my knees on either side of you, straddling you with my dress around my waist and my generous breasts at eye level. With a moan in the back of your throat and lust in your eyes, you lean in and start to suck on my nipples, one then the other. I arch my back with pleasure as you cup them, grazing each nipple with a thumb until they stick out so much they're aching as you kiss me, gently, like our first kiss. Your lips graze mine and your tongue follows a few seconds later...I can taste myself on you. 

Your arms are around me touching the bare skin of my back, my breasts brushing against the hair on your chest. I can feel your throbbing erection between my legs, your balls and the length of your hot cock sliding against my slick pussy. I can't help but gasp as it presses against my inflamed clit and you respond with kisses that are once again hungry and needy, desperate almost as before. I kiss you back with the same hunger. As we search each others' mouths, you start to move between my hips, gently thrusting against me, aching to be inside my soft, pink, wet pussy...and I start to move my hips in time with yours, pressing against you to feel your hardness on my slit. 

Bracing my hands on the back of the seat behind you, I lift myself up on my legs just high enough to feel my inner lips kissing the tip of your cock as it stands to attention and then I feel the head teasing my opening as I start to slowly lower myself down onto you, gasping at the feel of your stiffness parting my wetness. You look up at me, holding my gaze as I envelope the whole of your thick cock. I take it as slow as I can, wanting to savor the moment for as long as possible, our eyes locked on one another, both of us struggling to control our breathing, our pulses racing with the heat of our passion...finally you're entirely inside me, your engorged cock completely stretching my soft flesh around you to fit. 

As we start to move together, against each other, we're both groaning with pleasure as you fill me again and again as I raise and lower myself over you, my knees gripping your hips, my ankles tucked under the back of your knees. I can feel every muscle as your hips try to push deeper inside me with every thrust, filling me so perfectly. As you stroke in and out of me, rocking my body with the power of your hips, I can feel the swollen head of your cock rubbing me just right, your shaft pulling against my clit with each stroke.

"Mmmm, Baby!" I moan into your mouth."You feel so good inside me!" 

I feel myself nearing orgasm and I can see on your face that you won't be far behind. I start to ride you, ride your stiff prick hard and fast as my climax approaches. You're pinching my nipples and the sensation is going straight to my clit. I can't stop now...writhing, clenching, sobbing, my breasts straining against your firm hold. As I cum, you pound hard into my pussy from underneath, holding my hips against your thrusting...crying out, I cum and cum until I collapse on top of you, panting and weak. You continue to thrust and then I feel you arch and drive your cock deep into me, spasming inside me, unloading your hot cum deep, deep inside. I hold you and grind my hips against yours and clench you with all my muscles until you're drained.

We lay like that together, I on top of you and both of us spent and breathless for some time before, with a sigh of regret, I tell you it's time for me to get back to my guests. As you help me pull myself together it takes all my willpower not to lose myself again in your touch, in your embrace...finally, we exit the car and make our way back to the entrance we had snuck out of and part ways with a sweet, lingering kiss and a promise to "get together" again soon. 

On my way back to the dining area I make a quick stop at the powder room to put the finishing touches to my repairs, making sure my dress is in place and my hair looks as it should. With a quick and practiced swipe I put on fresh lipstick, smiling to myself as I remember how it got worn off. As I resume my seat, I smile around the table at everyone and reinsert myself back into the conversation...but inwardly? Mmmmm...all I can think about is getting you alone again...