 Authors Note: This is my Thirty-First story. I owe the idea for this series to my good friend and fellow writer, EddyFox. I also want to send a big thank you for the wonderful friends who edited the story for me and helped me polish it before I posted it here, EddyFox, Shady_Lady and Steve. Anyhow, on with the story...I hope you enjoy it and please remember that all feedback is greatly appreciated!

*************************************

If you think being an heiress in a billion dollar family is easy, you'd be wrong. I don't mean that I am ungrateful; I got the best education, the finest clothing, the nicest homes, the most expensive cars the newest, best, brightest and most expensive of everything in this world. 

Now I'm a 27 CEO of one of my fathers companies. I have never been married, have no children, haven't seen my parents or siblings in three years, haven't had sex in over a year and I firmly believe no one has ever truly loved me. 

My mother and father were always too busy running the family businesses to care for us so we had a very transient staff of nannies as children. Once I was 10 I was shipped off to an all girls boarding school in Switzerland where I received the best education money could buy. 

I later graduated as valedictorian of my class and went on to attend and graduate from the Yale School of Management and for the first time in my life I was surrounded by men. 

It was there that I met my fiancé, Andrew. He swept me high off my feet and I came crashing back down to reality before we got to the alter. After Andrew I'd had my share of casual romances and one night stands, but I never let any man stay in my life for more than a month lest I begin to have feelings for him and fall subject to the pain of being used for my money ever again. 

After graduating from Yale my father assigned me to be his new junior CEO at the company my older sister had just finished her internship at. Now I am the CEO of the company, I own my own beautiful 3.5 million dollar house. I drive a silver 911 Carrera 4S Cabriolet Porsche. I pay to have the best personal trainer in the world and a top chief working in my home and at my office. 

I have only one friend in this world. Isabella Castile. She has been my personal assistant for the past four years and after working so closely with her we developed a friendship that I tested time and time again to ensure she wasn't just another sycophant looking for a meal ticket. 

So here I am, a 27 CEO with one friend and a world full of people desperate to use me. Life is lonely at the top and I am sick of being lonely! 

That is why I placed an advertisement for a companion. Rich men have them, why can't rich women!? 

Wanted: Single male between the ages of 25 and 30 for live-in companion position. Must not smoke or partake in illegal substances. Must be willing to submit to full physical exam before interview. Must have no children and no other dependants. Must never have been married. Salary to be negotiated. Please submit your resume along with photo to michelle@CEO.com 

I received hundreds of responses per day. Any without photos or legitimate résumé's were discarded, leaving me approximately 70 legitimate applicants per day. Isabella and I spent hours going through them all, picking out ones we felt weren't good enough and setting up appointment for the physicals for the ones we thought were. 

Now here I sit...all gussied up in a professional yet sexy skirt suit, my hair loosely curled in a casual yet professional look, my makeup expertly done and feeling like I did just before my first date with Andrew as I wait for my first interview. 

His name is Michael. He's 29, 5'11" with tanned skin, dark brown hair, a nice body and he is a trained masseuse. He passed all the medical exams, no STD's, no history of heart problems, no drugs or alcohol in his system from the three random urine samples we took. His last reported relationship was over six months ago and the last time he had sex was two months ago. 

I was lost in nervous thoughts about what I was actually going to say once he was in front of me when Isabella knocked on the door and ushered him inside. 

"Miss. Kane this is Mr. Burke, here for your 1:30 interview. Would you care for anything to drink Mr. Burke?" He politely declined and took the seat she had indicated across from my desk. He was wearing a pair of black slacks and a white dress shirt with the first two buttons undone and looked just as attractive as he had in the photo he had submitted along with his resume. 

Isabella winked at me as she closed the door behind her and I knew she approved of his looks if nothing else. 

"Thank you for being so prompt Mr. Burke. I will be tape recording this interview, if that is a problem for you please let me know now." He shook his head indicating that it was not a problem and I took a sip of my coffee and decided to just jump right into the thick of things. 

"Mr. Burke, as you can see I am a very wealthy and powerful young woman. I have my career and extensive charity work which both require a great deal of my time and energy. There is no space in my life for a significant other, yet I am still human. What I am looking for is a young man who is willing and able to live in my home, abide by any rules I put in place, keep me company, attend social events with me, and share my bed. You have made it this far in the interview process, is this a position you wish to be considered for?" 

The poor man just sat there for a moment stunned into silence. Finally he blinked and stammered, "Um...Miss...I...I'm not sure I understand" he looked so afraid of saying the wrong thing, I felt sorry for him. 

"Wealthy men throughout the ages have had concubines. Women, who entertained them, lived with them, slept with them and were public figures. There is no word for a male concubine, but that is essentially what I am looking for. The person will be hired, maintain it as a job and should an emotional connection begin to develop he will be fired. I am not looking for a romantic relationship or a husband. I am looking for someone to attend to my physical needs as well as be arm candy for public events. Is that clearer?"

He continued to stare at me as if I were growing another head! "I will assume by your silence and stunned expression that you are not fit for the position." I pressed the button for Isabella to come in, which she immediately did, "Miss. Castile will see you out. Thank you for your application and your time."

After she saw the poor guy out, Isabella came into my office, "That was fast! What went wrong!?" she demanded as she sat down on the sofa next to my desk. 

I played the tape back for her and she didn't stop laughing till long after it was finished. "That poor man! I think you frightened him half to death!!! He probably thought it was some sick joke or one of those "caught you being stupid on TV" things! I think maybe I should start pre-interviewing the men and laying it all out for them before they meet you or else you're going to end up with a lot of waited time on guys like that."

I agreed and left the matter to Isabella who knew probably better than I what it was I was looking for. 

Almost two weeks later Isabella came in and handed me a file. Inside was the portfolio for a young male model with an incredible body and face. "His name is Jacob Mason. He's 25, 6'2". He passed all the medical exams, and random urine samples. His last reported relationship was over a year ago and the last time he had sex was one week ago. After I did the phone interview portion I told him he was not permitted to have sexual relations of any sort with any one until after he'd had his interview with you. He's in the waiting room right now if you'd like to see him." I looked up and smiled at her, "You are the best!"

If it was possible Jacob was even sexier in person than in his portfolio! I took a moment to collect myself before I tried speaking. "Good Afternoon Jacob. I will be tape recording this interview, if that is a problem for you please let me know now." 

He smiled sweetly at me, "Not a problem at all Miss. Kane." 

I smiled back just as sweetly, "Good. I assume Miss. Castile has explained to you what it is I am looking for?" 

He grinned at me and said in a voice that was far deeper than I had expected, "She did. Basically your looking for a guy to live in your house, watch movies with you when you're bored, have sex with you when you're horny and get dressed up and look pretty when you have to go out somewhere." 

I grinned back at him, "That's pretty much it in a nut shell." I leaned forward slightly, ensuring Jacob got a good view of my 40D tits, "What do you think of the position?" 

He glanced down at his crotch and grinned back at me, "I think it sounds like a great job! Hell, I'd do it for free!" 

I laughed at his enthusiasm and stood up to walk around my desk. I stood in front of him and leaned back against my desk. "You do realize though that any type of emotional attachment would result in the termination of the position." He glanced up at me and nodded. 

"Good. You do also realize that your main function will be to satisfy my physical needs which from time to time may include acts of intimacy such as hugging, cuddling and kissing, but for the most part will consist of sexual acts?"

He glanced up at me again and grinned, "I had hoped that would be the case" 

I smiled sweetly as I turned towards the sofa next to my desk. "Good. Now, Jacob, I'm not the sort of woman who buys a new car without test driving it first." I sat down on the sofa and let my knee length skirt ride up as I did so, "Before I offer you the position you will have to come over here and prove to me that you're "up" to the job" 

He stood up and walked over to the sofa with a big grin on his face and a hardening cock in his pants. He stood in front of me and smiled, "I'd do anything for this job, just tell me what you want me to do"

I stood up and kissed him hard as I undid the zipper on my skirt and let it fall to the floor. I guided Jacob's hands to the buttons on my blouse and he quickly had both my blouse and bra off. I pulled away from the kiss and stood there in my thong, thigh high nylons and high heals and let him look at my body. 

I work out and eat right, but I also work hard at maintaining a curvy figure. I am strong and toned, but I also have curves, hips, and am more than just skin, bones and muscle. At 5'9" I weigh approximately 150 pounds and wear a 40D bra. 

Jacob did what I expected him to do, which is go for my tits. I let him squeeze and suck on my nipples for a few minutes as I enjoyed the sensations before I pulled his head away and sat down on the edge of the sofa and looked up at him. "I want you to make me have at least one orgasm while you go down on me." 

Jacob dove right between my legs and spread my pussy lips wide with his fingers and shoved his tongue deep into my pussy and began tongue fucking me and making me moan. 

Soon he moved his tongue up to my clit and began moving it slowly around my clit in circles making my hips gyrate to try and get his tongue on my aching clit as he slipped one, then two fingers deep inside my pussy. 

His tongue teasing my clit was driving me insane! "Lick my clit! Suck my clit! Don't tease me! Make me CUM!!!" I cried out in frustration. Thankfully he listened and clamped his mouth down over my clit and began flicking his tongue back and forth over it as he pistoned his fingers in and out of my wet cunt. 

"Yes that's it! Suck my clit and fuck my pussy! What a good boy! Lick it good Jacob! Make me cum all over your face and fingers! Lick it! Lick it! That's it! I'm gunna' cum Jacob! Make me cum! Make...me..CUMMMMMM!!!" I screamed as my orgasm shook through my body and back again. 

Jacob was easing his fingers out of my wet pussy as his tongue lapped up my juices. I put my hand is his hair and pulled his face from between my legs, "You did a good job Jacob. Now come sit up here next to me." 

Once he was settled next to me I leaned over and kissed him, tasting my pussy juice on his lips and tongue and moaning into his mouth. I moved my hand to his belt and began undoing his pants. I slipped my hand inside his pants and boxers to grab for his cock and was sadly disappointed. My tall, sexy male model who had just done such a good job of licking my pussy and making me cum had an incredibly average size cock. I guessed he was about 5" long and about 2" thick and he was very, very hard. I sighed and reminded myself that it was what a man did with the cock that made the difference not just the size and I began to stroke his cock as I kissed him. 

I moaned into his mouth as I felt his cock twitch in my hands and pulled back enough to whisper, "I love the taste of my pussy on your lips! I wonder what your cock will taste like"

I bent down and held his cock in my hand as I flicked the tip of my tongue across the head of his cock to pick up the drop of precum there. I moaned and licked my lips as I looked up at him, "Mmm...delicious precum...I think I should suck your cock until you cum in my mouth Jacob." I said in a husky voice as I took the head of his cock into my mouth and moved my hand down to massage his balls. 

I felt his hand move to my hair and was expecting him to begin fucking my mouth as he used his hand in my hair to control my pace. What I didn't expect was for him to run his fingers through my hair, moan, make a fist in my hair and shove my mouth onto his cock as he moaned and came inside my mouth. 

I was horribly disappointed that he only lasted a matter of second with my mouth on his cock. Not to mention that the load he deposited in my mouth was sadly small and very watery. I sat up and spat the watery cum into the glass of water on my desk and began dressing. 

As I was doing up the last few buttons on my blazer I heard Jacob do up his pants, "So, when do I start?" he asked in a confident tone that made me want to smack him. 

I turned and looked him straight in the eye with a sugary sweet smile on my face, "Thank you very much for your application and the time we have taken out of your day Mr. Mason, but I don't think we will be requiring your services after all. Please see yourself out." 

I returned to my desk and glanced up at his horrified face, "I don't think so lady! Do you know who I am!? Do you know how many women would BEG to have me fuck them!? Do you know how many women I have turned down this past week so I could come to this fucking interview with you!? You do NOT make me lick your nasty pussy and then tell me I don't have the job! You are such a bitch!!! I bet this is the only way you can get men to touch you!" 

I picked up the phone and pressed 1, "Simon, please have a team come in here immediately and escort Mr. Mason out of the building and ensure he is never let into the building or on my property ever again." 

"You think a phone call to some fake security guys is going to scare me you little bitch!? I don't think so! You owe me..." He was cut off when the door opened and two burley security guards came in. They flanked him and each one grabbed an arm and began walking him towards the door. "How dare you! I'll sue you! You bitch!!!" I could hear him yelling halfway down the hall. 

Isabella came running into my office, "That took longer than the last guy but at least the last guy didn't have to be dragged out kicking and screaming! What happened!?" 

I sighed, "It's not something I want to get into right now. I need to finish reviewing the HR reports and the quarterly standings. Once I'm done that let's go out for dinner and I'll tell you all about it." 

Isabella nodded and left, closing the door behind her. She knew me well enough to make sure no one disturbed me for the rest of the afternoon.