 Authors Note: This is my Thirty-Fifth story and the fifth installment of this series. I owe the idea for this series to my good friend and fellow writer, EddyFox and the helpful editing to teddyrabbit. Anyhow, on with the story...I hope you enjoy it and please remember that all feedback is greatly appreciated!

* * * * *

Once all the aftershocks of my two intense orgasms had subsided I slipped back into my skirt and licked my fingers clean of my cum. I tidied up my office, arranged some papers to deal with tomorrow and gave Isabella plenty of time to tidy herself up and recover from her own orgasm before I left my office and locked the door behind me. 

I notice the outer door was still closed and locked, though Isabella was intently reading over a market share report. 

"Did you watch?" I asked in a conspiratorial tone as I leaned over her desk, making sure to flash plenty of cleavage. Isabella looked up from her report with a twinkle in her eye, but she didn't seem to notice my exposed cleavage at all. "I sure did...so long as he can perform as well as he thinks he can I'd say he's perfect for you!" 

We giggled and commented on the size of his cock and the amount of cum he'd squirted, all the while I made sure to flash plenty of cleavage and upper thigh, but Isabella didn't seem to notice at all. Just as I was leaving I asked her if I looked all right, she reached up to fix my hair and I caught a whiff of cum on her fingers. My pussy throbbed, my eyes became heavy and I bit my lower lip to hold back a moan. Isabella noticed and pulled her hand back, "You okay?" 

I regained some of my composure, "I'm fine...just excited for what's waiting for me at home. Wish me luck!" 

All the way home all I could think of was Isabella's fantasy of licking my pussy after David had fucked me and the smell of her pussy on her fingers. I was so confused! Her fantasy sounded like she wanted me and not just David's "sloppy seconds" and yet she'd never seemed at all interested in me or women at all sexually. Then again aside from comments about my sex life and my sexual preferences she's never seemed very interested in any men sexually either. Maybe she just wasn't comfortable discussing her own sexuality even though she was fine discussing mine. Perhaps I would broach the subject tomorrow.

It was just over an hour since David's little "show" when I finally arrived home. Ryan, the butler, took my briefcase and blazer from me at the front door and told me that David was sitting patiently in the dining room for me and dinner would be served as soon as I sat down. 

Instead of going straight into the dining room I ran upstairs first. I slipped out of my work clothes and felt my pussy throb as I caught a whiff of David's cum on them. I stripped down entirely and slipped on a teal satin robe with short sleeves that ended about mid thigh. I tied it loosely and slipped on a pair of matching slippers with a one inch heel. I left my hair up and makeup on and as an afterthought picked up the thong I'd worn that day and carried it downstairs with me. 

I peeked into the dining room and saw David sitting at the table, playing with the silverware as he watched the candles drip. The poor man must be bored out of his mind. Ryan said he'd been sitting there for almost an hour when I'd gotten home. I tiptoed into the room and as I stood behind David I dropped the thong into his lap and he jumped like he'd been burnt. 

I giggled as I patted his shoulder, "Don't worry, it's just me." I moved around the table to take my seat, moving slowly so David could take in the sight of me in the robe. I sat down and saw he was holding the thong and looking somewhat confused, "What am I supposed to do with this?"

"Nothing really. You seemed to enjoy the fact that I was wearing a thong when we chatted earlier so when I got undressed I thought you might want to see it first hand." I saw the information sink in and he looked up at me with a twinkle in his eye. 

"That's right...I sit before you in nothing but a robe and slippers and that would be the same thong I wore today. Notice how it's still warm and a little wet? Can you smell my pussy on it?" 

David lifted the cloth to his face and I saw his eyelids grow heavy as he breathed in the scent of my pussy. Just then servants started bringing in dinner and David shoved the panties into his pocked with a guilty look on his face that made me giggle. 

After dinner had been put out David looked over at me with a smile, "You know, when I said I was a 'steak and potatoes kind of guy' I was being figurative not literal." 

I grinned back as I took a bite of salad, "I'm a very literal person David...be wary of what you say because I will always take it literally. Now eat your dinner, you'll need your strength." 

David winked at me as he took a bite of the steak and a small moan escaped his lips, "This is the best steak I have ever had!!! I thought the chefs at the restaurant were great but this is incredible!" 

I took a bite and nodded my head in agreement. It was David's time to prove his oral skills and I didn't want to distract him from the task by doing too much talking myself. 

We sat and ate in silence for a few moments before David finally spoke, "I'm kind of nervous about doing this. What if they hear me?"

I took a sip of wine and smiled, "All the staff in this house have worked for me for the better part of 5 years and come from the best agencies. They are trained not to hear, to be seen and not heard. Plus, I can almost guarantee they have seen and heard far worse things that what you might come up with on your first try." 

David took another bite of his steak and then pulled the thong out of his pocket. "Knowing you were wearing this earlier, feeling how wet you were for me all day is so hot. Makes me wonder if maybe you got yourself off before you came home. Did you Michelle? Did you rub that hot little pussy of yours for me while you were at work?"

I took a bite of potato and silently nodded my head yes. "Mmm...you putting this in my lap and showing up in a robe made me hard, but knowing you sat at your desk, all prim and proper and professional and pushed your thong out of the way so you could rub your pussy and finger fuck yourself thinking about me makes my cock want to burst out of my pants! I am so fucking hard for you right now Michelle! I would love to take my cock out of my pants right now and stroke it for you. I'd love to have you crawl under the table and suck my cock for me while I eat my dinner. Shoot my load in your mouth and have you swallow it all, then sit down and eat your dinner like nothing happened." 

I let a bit of sauce from the steak dribble down my chin so I could snake my tongue out and lick it up. This had the desired effect on David who groaned and moved his hand below the table. "Tsk tsk tsk David, no touching remember. Only eating and talking...there will be plenty of touching soon." 

His hand came back above the table and he almost growled at me, "You are such a tease! You get off on it don't you? You love sitting there knowing my cock is so hard right now it hurts! You love knowing how much I want to touch you, taste you, fuck you. God I can't wait to fuck you! I know, I know...first comes the oral test. Making me lick and suck that wet little pussy of yours and making you cum all over my tongue. Then I get to use my hands...I can't wait to feel you hot pussy while I shove my fingers deep inside you and suck on your clit. Then I get to fuck you...shove this hard cock deep inside your pussy and fuck you. God I'm gunna' fuck you so hard...I hope you don't mind it rough because I am going to fuck that hot little pussy of yours raw!" 

That did it for me...I put my fork and knife down and calmly walked around the table. I leaned over David and whispered in his ear, "You've passed your first oral exam...now it's time for the second. Follow me, but don't touch yourself or me until I tell you to." I left the room without looking back, confident that he would be right behind me. 

I walked up the stairs slowly, making sure David got a nice view of my ass and hips swaying as I did so. I walked into my bedroom and closed the door behind us. I stood next to the bed and untied my robe and let it fall to the floor. I kicked off the slippers and laid down in the middle of the bed, arms raised above my head, legs togther and glanced over at David who was standing by the door looking unsure of himself. "Are you wearing any underwear?" 

David seemed confused by the question for a second, then blinked and seemed more himself, "Yes, boxer briefs. Is that okay?" 

I smiled, the poor boy was nervous, "That's fine David. I want you to take everything off except your boxer briefs and then join me on the bed. It's time for your second exam."

I don't think I've ever seen a man undress so fast in my life, he was like a blur of clothing and skin and then he was laying next to me on the bed. He leaned down and kissed my lips softly, tentatively. My fingers ran through his hair as I deepened the kiss. I grabbed a fistful of his hair and pulled his lips from mine, "I know you can kiss, and I know how good you are at sucking my nipples. There's no foreplay needed here David, I am hot, wet and more than ready for you. So get down there and suck my pussy!" 

I heard a small moan as he slid down my body. I felt his hands ease my legs apart and I spread myself wide for him. I felt the cool air against my pussy seconds before I felt his hot breath. I moaned and arched my hips up to meet his lips. I expected him to dive right in, but it seems my teasing at dinner would cost me because now David teased me. 

He had a hand on each of my thighs, effectively holding me pinned against the bed. I felt his hot breath against my pussy and it made me writhe in anticipation. He kissed the inside of one thigh, then the other. He kissed all over my labia and thighs, making me moan and wiggle and try in vain to push my aching pussy against his mouth. "Please David, please...I'm so wet for you...please lick me, taste me...I'm going to explode!!!" 

Finally he gave me what I wanted. I felt the tip of his tongue flick out over my clit and I jumped in pleasure. He continued to flick his tongue out in quick stroked all over my pussy, licking up my wetness as it seeped out of my aching pussy and then licking my engorged clit as I begged him for more. 

After a couple minutes of this pleasurable torture I felt him shove his tongue as deep as he could inside my cunt. I could feel his nose bumping against my clit and I began pushing up against his tongue, moaning incoherent words as I felt the orgasm begin to build within me. I was on the brink of cumming when he pulled his tongue from my pussy and clamped his mouth over my clit and began sucking it hard. 

My head thrashed against the pillows, my hands in his hair shoved his mouth down onto my pussy and I screamed and came for him, "Fuck yes, yes, yes. Don't stop! Just like that! Fuck yes suck my clit David, suck it, suck it, suck it, make me cum all over your mouth David. Oh fuck yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, YESSSSSSSSSSSS"

David continued sucking my clit while the orgasm wracked my body. Finally I pulled his head up from my pussy and pulled him up my body. I kissed him deeply, loving the taste of my pussy on his lips and tongue. I could feel his cock hard and throbbing inside his boxer briefs and it made me ache for him. I wanted so badly to fuck him, but there was one more test to be done. 

I pulled away from the kiss and smiled up at him, "That's another test passed with flying colors. You are very good at licking pussy young man."

David smiled back at me, "Well it helps when the pussy is as delicious as yours. Speaking of which, I do believe I have one more oral exam to pass don't I?" 

I bit my lower lip and nodded as David began to slide back down my body. Again he began with light kisses everywhere except where I wanted them, making me groan in frustration. 

I arched my hips, pushing my pussy closer to his face, "Come on David, don't tease!" 

He looked up at me with a slightly shocked look on his face, "You're serious? You're ready for full on licking again so soon?" 

I continued to wriggle my hips in desperation, "Yes I am! I told you I don't need much in the way of foreplay to start with and you've already got my pussy wet and aching for you. I'm dying for you to lick and touch me, you don't have to be gentle with me, I won't break!" 

With that he dove in and began tongue fucking me in earnest. I was writhing on the bed in pleasure and could feel another orgasm begin to build after only moments of his wonderful tongue. "Fingers, please, I want your fingers fucking my pussy!" 

David wisely obeyed the order and removed his tongue and quickly replaced it with one long finger and began to slowly fuck me with it as he began to suck on my clit. 

I had one fistful of his hair, shoving his face into my pussy while the other hand pinched my nipples. My head was thrashing on the bed as I began to scream, "Fuck yes, suck my clit David, just like that, suck it, suck it hard! I want more fingers in my pussy! Fuck me deep David! Fuck ya! Just like that! I'm gunna' cum again!!! Don't' stop, don't you fucking stop!!! Another finger David, fuck me harder! Harder!! HARDER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 

My body shook as a wordless scream escaped my lips. I felt my pussy clamp down over his fingers as he shoved them deep inside me, my hips bucking against his face as he sucked on my throbbing clit. 

As the orgasm began to subside I coached him on bringing me down from the orgasm without making me too sensitive, "Slowly, keep your fingers inside me, move them slowly, just like that, stop sucking my clit and lick it slowly, soft strokes, just like that. Now slowly start pulling your fingers out, slow, slow, mmm...no more on my clit...now pull your fingers out...mmm...fuck that was wonderful!" 

My eyes were heavy and as David moved from between my legs I squeezed them together, luxuriating in the sensations fluttering through my body. I felt him lay down next to me, but for the moment I didn't care. I closed my eyes and felt my body light and boneless and savored the moment. 

When I came back to myself David was laying next to me kissing my shoulder tentatively. I turned and kissed him deeply, tasting my pussy juice on his tongue and moaning into his mouth. 

"You did a very good job David...if you fuck as good as you suck I may never let you leave."

David moaned and I felt him press his hips against my leg. He was still wearing his boxer briefs but I could feel his cock hard and hot against my leg through the fabric. 

I sat up in bed and smiled down at him, "And for doing such a wonderful job or your oral exams I think it's time you got a little reward!" 

I crawled down to kneel next to David's waist and tenderly traced the outline of his hard cock through the material. I could see a small wet spot on them from his precum and I smiled to myself. 

I hooked my fingers into the waistband and pulled the underwear off him and tossed it across the room. I pushed his legs apart and crawled to kneel between his legs. I ran my hands up his thighs and cupped his balls with one hand as the other gripped the base of his cock. I looked up the length of his body and watched his face as I traced the tip of my tongue from the base of his cock up to swirl around the head of his cock and lick up all the precum. His eyes closed and his head fell back and then I quickly pushed my mouth down over the head of his cock and started sucking him in earnest. His hips bucked against my mouth and I could feel his hand in my hair. His cock was so hot and hard in my mouth and I could taste the precum oozing out of his cock freely. I felt his balls stiff in my other hand and knew it wouldn't be long before he came. 

I shoved my mouth and throat down to envelope his entire cock for a couple seconds before pulling free and sliding up his body. 

His breathing was ragged and I could feel his cock pulsing frantically against my skin. I kissed him deeply and rolled us over so he was on top of me. I pulled free of the kiss and looked up at him with lust in my eyes, "Come on David, I want you to fuck my pussy hard. Pound my wet little cunt with that hot, hard cock of yours and make me cum all over it!" 

David moaned and moved to position his cock against the entrance of my hot cunt. He hesitated for a second and I pushed my hips up against his cock and felt his hard 9" cock slide easily into my wet pussy. He groaned and lowered his body against mine. I felt his cock throb inside me as my pussy muscled began to fuck him from the inside. 

His breathing was even more frantic and he shook his head, "Don't do that, just give me a second. All the teasing and the licking and you sucking my cock...I don't want to cum too soon and right now I'm about the blow." 

I fought to relax my pussy muscled and kissed him tenderly, "Its okay David. In case you haven't noticed it doesn't take much to make me cum. I think you spent a whole of five minutes licking my pussy the first time and not even that long licking and fingering me the second time. I guarantee that if you are a half decent fuck and you last a minimum of two minutes I will cum at least that many times, if not more. This is like a 'trial run' I just want to get a feel for how deep and hard you can fuck right now, not how long you can last." 

Before he could say anything I kissed him again. It started out tender and quickly became passionate and frantic. I felt his hips move and moaned into his mouth as I felt him begin to slowly fuck me. I pulled away from the kiss and pushed my hips up to meet his, "Come on David, fuck me faster, harder, I don't want it slow! You promised to pound my pussy and fuck me raw now do it!" 

With that he growled low in his throat and shoved his cock deep inside my pussy. I cried out and my hands went to his back, urging him on. He began to fuck me frantically, shoving his hard cock deep inside my pussy as fast as he could. I was moaning and screaming incoherent sounds, occasionally the words fuck, harder, more, yes and oh god would mix in with the animal sounds I was making as orgasm after orgasm wracked my body. 

After about five minutes of intense fucking I felt David tense up, "Fuck Michelle I'm gunna cum!" 

My hands were still on his back, nails pressing into his flesh as I urged him on, "Yes David, cum for me, cum deep inside my pussy while you fuck me hard! I want to feel you cum inside David, fuck me! Fuck me hard and cum for me David! Fuck me hard!!!" and with that he groaned and I felt his cock press against my cervix as the first shot of cum spurted deep inside me. I moaned and began riding his cock as another orgasm washed over me, making my pussy clamp down on his hard cock as he shot more and more cum deep inside me. 

Finally we were both spent. David laid down on top of me and I felt my pussy spasm around his softening cock. Our bodies were covered in a layer of sweat, the room reeked of cum and I was in paradise. 

After a moment I felt David stir above me and move to pull out. I could feel his cock now soft inside me but didn't want it to end just yet, "No, stay inside me a while longer." 

David did as I asked and we lay like that for a few more minutes before I kissed him softly and whispered in his ear, "You've got the job." David gave a deep, masculine laugh and moved off me.