 INTRODUCTION

Rita Thomas had just left my condo after another several hours of great sex. There were two things wrong with our affair. The first was that she worked for me and the second was that she was married. However there was several things right with our relationship. She was absolutely a dynamo in the sack; a great fuck who gave wonderful head and also enjoyed anal sex. Rita was a lovely young woman of 29 years who had a different but alluring figure.

She was a tall slender woman at 5'11" with 36 C breasts and a narrow waist. Her legs were thin looking a bit out of proportion with her upper body. However she had one thing that many tall girls do not have and that was a marvelous killer ass. Because of her figure she dressed very conservative at work wearing full length skirts and dresses but I knew what was under those clothes. She kept her blonde hair cut short which looked good with her stature.

Her husband didn't like to eat pussy and he thought anal sex was perverted, so Rita used affairs to satisfy those desires. Once we began our affair, I was the only one she was seeing. I always made sure that she was thoroughly satisfied sexually when we were together. We had sex in my condo, in the car and in the office. We even took a few risks having sex in public.

At 30 years of age I was a successful executive with a medium sized consulting company. Rita was one of our IT consultants. I had chosen to remain single at least for the early years. I was an avid tennis player; skier, SCUBA diver and I worked out frequently. At 6'1" I was in great shape and had washboard abs. Rita loved running her hands over my muscular body and she particularly loved playing with my large thick cock.

OUR FIRST ENCOUNTER

Rita needed help with a prospective client in the Minneapolis area so I traveled with her that particular week. It would be a significant engagement if we could win the business. We spent the first day preparing for the presentation as Rita briefed me on all the attendees. I rehearsed the presentation several times with her until we were satisfied that we were addressing the prospect's objectives. That evening we dined in at the hotel and got a good night's sleep.

The next day we presented to the prospect, explained how our firm would meet their objectives. The day went well and we felt confident that the prospect was impressed. At the end of the day the prospect's VP asked if we could stay in town another day as he would like to discuss price and terms. I agreed and we set a date to meet the next day in the late afternoon. 

Rita and I felt good about the deal and we dined at an upscale restaurant. We had an excellent meal and killed a bottle of wine. Upon returning to the hotel Rita changed out of her business attire and joined me in my room for a night cap and I fixed her a drink from the mini-bar. We sat on the sofa together with our feet up on the coffee table talking. A couple of more drinks and Rita cuddled up to me. The alcohol obviously put her in a romantic mood. I put my arm around her and soon we were kissing and petting. I started to take of her sweater but she stopped me.

"I want us to undress each other and I want to undress you first," she whispered.

She pulled my shirt up and off my body. I stood up as she dropped to her knees in front of me to lower my pants and underwear but first she removed my shoes and socks. Rita then took hold of the underwear waistband and slowly pulled them down my legs. By this time I had an erection and it sprung out at her as she lowered my briefs. My cock dangled in front of her face as she removed my underwear from me one leg at a time. I stood completely naked in front of her with my cock just inches from her face.

Rita took my cock in her mouth and sucked it gently. She licked all around it and ran her tongue up and down the shaft. She was a very accomplished cocksucker and I knew that I would soon blow my load if she didn't stop. She sucked me deep into her mouth and swirled her tongue around the shaft of my cock. I felt my ejaculation building and I warned her that I was going to cum.

She took her mouth of my cock and looked up at me with those deep bedroom eyes and whispered, "I want you to cum in my mouth I want to taste your cum."

She returned her mouth to my cock and resumed sucking it until I exploded in her mouth. She continued to suck and swallow every drop until my cock was drained dry.

"Oh Walt I love your cum. It is so tasty and so much of it." 

She then stood up still fully clothed and lifted her face up to me to be kissed. I kissed her and held her in my arms and then I began to undress her. I dropped to my knees, unbuckled her belt and unfastened her jeans. I pulled the jeans down her legs stopping to remove her shoes and anklets. Then I pulled her jeans all the way down and off her slender shapely legs. I took hold of her panties and slowly peeled them down and off her legs. She was trembling slightly and had goose bumps on her skin. I held her panties up to my nose and inhaled the smell of her femininity. Rita gasped at the action. I reached behind her and grasped her firm shapely ass in both my hands and pulled her toward me. She gasped again as I kissed her loins and fondled her ass cheeks. I could smell her sweet sex but I held off on licking her pussy.

I stood back up and I lifted her sweater up and removed it from her body. Then I reached behind her and unhooked her bra. I was beginning to harden again and my semi-erect cock brushed against her thighs. I slid the bra straps slowly down her arms baring her ample firm breasts. Her nipples were rock hard and I couldn't resist tweaking them a little which caused her to moan softly. I then turned her around so that her back was to me and I reached around and cupped her firm tits in my hands. I played with her tits and nipples as I kissed the back of her neck. My cock was now fully erect again and it brushed against her buttocks as I fondled her.

I started a slow gradual descent down the back of her body kissing her neck, shoulders and back until I knelt behind her. When I reached her buttocks I planted kisses on both ass cheeks and tickled her crack with my tongue. Rita couldn't take any more of my teasing so she turned her body toward me, grasped my head in both hands and pulled me against her pubes. I found her pussy with my tongue and I grabbed both of her ass cheeks as I began to lick her pussy. She gasped aloud as my tongue found her clit and she held my head tightly as she experienced a mild orgasm. Her body shook and she seemed to hold onto me for balance.

"I need to lie down. Can we go to bed?" she said breathlessly.

I guided her over to the bed and she immediately splayed her legs and welcomed me back to her pussy. I burrowed my tongue as deep into her as I could and then I just sort of licked and sucked my way up. When I got to her clit I used the very tip of my tongue to tickle it. I flicked my tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. She was now moaning and she arched herself so that her clit stuck out even further like a little cock. I licked it once more before I took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Rita went wild and started bucking and moaning loudly. She pulled my head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. I sucked her clit as deep in my mouth as I could and she humped my face for all she was worth. I was pleased that I was able to get her that excited and I sucked harder and played with her wonderful clit with my lips, tongue and teeth. I don't know exactly how many times she came but she finally begged me to stop as she collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. 

I was not done with her however so I eased my dick into her pussy and began to fuck her slowly. Soon my cock was sliding easily in and out of her and we picked up the pace. Rita wrapped her arms around my back and her long legs around the back of my legs. She arched her back as she humped me hard and fast and I made sure that my cock stayed in contact with her clit as I plowed her cunt. We fucked hard and long working ourselves toward an exhaustive state. I could feel my release building but I did not want to cum before Rita and I was relieved when I felt her tense up.

"Walt, hold me, hold me, I'm coming, oh, oh, oh," she called out as she reached her crescendo!

She tensed up wrapping her arms around my back and her legs around the back of my legs in a vice like grip. I felt like I was in the death grip of a Black Widow. I held her trembling body tight and I could feel her drench my cock with her pussy juice just before my own intense ejaculation. I could feel it building in my balls and then I exploded filling her with my man seed. It seemed endless as I fired round after round of hot cum into her pussy.

I remained still with my cock still in Rita's pussy as she uttered unintelligent moans and sounds and her body quivered. Her vaginal muscles were involuntarily squeezing and releasing my cock, milking all the juice out of it. My deflated cock slipped from her vagina and she flinched as cool air touched her opening.

"Oh that was incredible. You're a good lover," she sighed.

"I really enjoy making love to you."

"I need to rest for a while, my body aches right now," she said softly.

We rested for some time but at this point I was anxious to get at her ass all the while wondering if she would let me fuck her in the ass. I moved her to all fours with her ass elevated and she placed her head on the mattress turned to one side so she could see me. I started playing with her pussy and her curvy ass lubricating her anus with her own cunt juice. Next I grabbed the hotel supplied lotion and put an ample amount in her nether hole. Rita moaned and cooed as I fingered her pussy and her ass simultaneously. 

When she didn't reject my probing I realized that she was going to let me fuck her in the ass. I put an ample of amount of lotion in her ass coating the tiny puckered opening of her anus and lubricating the rim. I added my saliva to my lotion covered cock and nestled my dick against the entrance of her anus momentarily before easing it inside her ass. As always the body lotion and saliva made my cock very slippery. I could feel my cock struggle to stretch the resistant sphincter muscle. My dick head burrowed in and her tight passageway soon yielded to the pressure of my cock. Rita moaned as my dick filled her ass.

"Go slowly at first," she said sexily and then added, "And not too deep and then deeper."

I fucked her with long and deliberate strokes until my cock was sliding easily back and forth in her ass. I caressed her shapely buttocks as I watched my pecker move in and out of her rectum worming around inside of her curvy ass. My hands freely roamed her body and I pulled her hips drawing her backwards. I reached for her pussy to finger fuck her and diddle her clit. My fingers searched for the familiar feel of a woman's G-spot while my thumb rubbed her clit. I felt my cock inside her ass swell up and I started pumping faster. Within minutes I knew that she felt the warm fluid being squirted inside her anus and she immediately started to cum herself. Her cunt walls convulsed around my hand fucking her cunt as her sphincter muscle squeezed every drop from my spurting cock. I grunted as my whole body became stiff and I slammed my cock harder into her. She writhed around and her body arched off the bed as a climax of massive proportion rocked her.

My cock slipped from her ass with an audible pop and I flopped down on the bed next to her. She surprised me when she covered my cock with her mouth and sucked any remaining cum from my tool. The both of us were exhausted and Rita curled up in my arms. The two of us eventually dozed off. When I woke up in the morning Rita was gone, most likely back to her own room. Thinking about the night before, I wondered if she was embarrassed about what happened. I decided that I wouldn't talk about it unless she brought it up.

THE DAY AFTER

The next morning we both slept in since our meeting wasn't until later. I had already booked our rooms for another night. I called Rita about 9:00 AM to see where she was at. We agreed to meet at the hotel coffee shop at 10:00 for a late breakfast. We decided to make it brunch and skip lunch before the meeting. We were sipping our coffee waiting for our food when Rita spoke.

"Walt about last night," I cut her off before she finished.

"Rita, I'm sorry, we both had too much to drink."

Then she cut me off. Holding her finger to my lips she whispered, "Shush, don't apologize. I wanted it to happen. I'm glad it happened. I haven't had that much pleasure in a long time."

"I'm glad it happened too. It was wonderful making love to you."

Just then our waiter brought the food to our table and we smiled at each other. I found myself wanting the meeting to be over so I could get back in the sack with her. I sensed that she felt the same way. We dined leisurely and then returned to our rooms to dress in business attire. It took all our will power to not jump back in bed that afternoon.

The meeting was successful and we landed a significant engagement. Rita would be the lead and I would function as the engagement manager. We returned to the hotel feeling very good about the deal and even more important I would be traveling with Rita from time to time. We were alone on the elevator on the way to our floor. Rita smiled and grabbed my cock through my pants. 

"Let's make love before we go to dinner," she whispered.

The elevator arrived on our floor and I grabbed her ass as she stepped out. We rushed down to my room and in a matter of minutes we were both naked in my bed and I was drilling her pussy. My cock was buried in her and I made sure that in stayed in contact with her clit. Rita orgasmed quickly but we kept right on fucking as I knew that she would cum at least once more. She wrapped her legs and arms around me and held me tight as she humped my cock. Then she exploded with another orgasm and it was intense. She cried out and bit softly into my shoulder to stifle her screams.

"God that was great! Did you cum?"

"No, but I can wait until after dinner."

"Let's have room service," she suggested.

"Fine with me," I agreed.

We looked over the room service menu and made our selections. Rita put on a hotel supplied bathrobe while I called in our order. I put on the other robe and we sat out on the balcony overlooking the city. A half hour later the food was delivered and she ducked into the bathroom. She emerged after the waiter left and we dined on the balcony. I had ordered two bottles of wine knowing that it would be a long evening.

After we ate we relaxed on the balcony finishing the first bottle of wine. Rita started getting frisky and she put her bare foot in my lap. Then she ran her foot over my stiffening cock as we drank our wine. I felt my cock harden under her foot but I made no moves to take the action further. 

"Take your cock out," she told me with a giggle.

I fished my cock out from under the robe and it stood up in an erect position. Rita was barefoot and she placed her feet around my cock. She rubbed both feet together up and down my shaft. It was a very erotic act and I decided to let her have her fun. I felt my balls tighten as they normally did right before I ejaculated. At that very moment I decided to cum on her feet.

She had a very wanton look on her face as she jerked me off with her feet. She was really getting into it and I decided to surprise her with my ejaculation. Without warning cum spurted out of my cock shot straight up and landed on her feet and shins. Rita giggled when I came but she went right on stroking my cock with her feet. She continued to rub my shaft with her bare feet squeezing cum from it. 

"I douched my pussy and my ass for you when I was in the bathroom earlier."

I knew exactly what she wanted without her asking, "So are you telling me that your bottom is squeaky clean and that you would like my tongue in there."

"Oh yes, I want you to rim me. Lick my ass and eat my pussy" she said excitedly.

We left the balcony and headed to the bed stripping off our clothes. Rita never bothered to wipe the semen from her feet. She was anxious to be rimmed again and I was ready and willing. She got on the bed on all fours and wiggled her ass at me in anticipation. I got behind her and ran my hands all over her lovely buttocks and then pried them apart to expose her anus. I dipped my tongue between her cheeks and tickled her pink rosebud. I pushed my tongue into her taut anus and wondered how she took my cock in there so easily. I licked her from her anus to her pussy and she went wild. I kept that up until she orgasmed and collapsed face down on the bed.

Next I began to massage her body as she recovered. I used the body lotion supplied by the hotel and covered her back and shoulders with it. I worked my way down to her legs and massaged her calves and the back of her thighs. Next my hands covered her curvy buttocks and I massaged those glorious globes. I lifted Rita by her hips and she kept her head on the mattress and turned her face to the side. She had a dreamy look on her face as I fondled her buttocks and began to finger her anus.

Satisfied that she was well lubed, I eased my cock into her ass and began to fuck her slowly. I was determined to take my time and last as long as I could. I loved watching my cock slide in and out of her shapely ass and I felt as if I could last for hours. I don't know how long I fucked her in her ass but by the time I ejaculated my thighs were burning. I fired several streams into her rectum and as she responded by milking my cock with her sphincter muscle. 

We were both exhausted so we moved into the spoon position and cuddled together. We fell asleep in that position and didn't move until morning. By then the insatiable rejuvenated Rita was ready for morning sex. I fucked her with my morning piss hard-on until she begged me to stop. After I took my morning piss, we fucked in the shower and I took her ass again. After the shower Rita dressed and returned to her own room to pack and get ready to leave.

Rita and I boarded our flight and I used my reward certificates to get us upgraded to first class. It was s short flight to Chicago from Minneapolis so we were the only ones in first class. Once we were in the air, I noticed that Rita had a mischievous grin on her face.

"Why are you smiling like the cat that ate the canary?"

"Because I was thinking about your cock, Are you a member of the mile high club?" 

"I have heard of it but never had the opportunity."

"Would you to become a member?"

"I think that is pretty risky."

"Come on with me. I want to celebrate the deal today," she said as she led me to the lavatory.

Rita and I passed the flight attendant and she gave us a knowing smile as we entered the lavatory together. I told the flight attendant that Rita wasn't feeling well and she just smiled at me not buying that at all. Rita pulled me in and closed and locked the door behind us. She pushed me up against the door and dropped to her knees. She unbuckled my belt, unzipped my pants and pushed them with my underwear down to my knees. By the time my clothes were at my knees my cock was standing at attention. She smiled at me and held my cock lovingly as she looked up into my eyes.

"You have a beautiful cock, I love sucking it."

I was speechless as I watched her lower her head and engulf my cock in her warm sensuous mouth. I gasped as she closed her lips around it and then began to bob up and down. She deep throated me and I felt her lips touch my pubic hair as she swallowed my entire cock. I was worried about someone trying to get in the lavatory but I soon forgot about that as she worked wonders on my cock.
