 It was such a nice day for a picnic, I thought to myself as my boyfriend Sam laid out our classic, plaid picnic rug under a beautiful oak tree. We were picnicking in a nice, secluded field just a few minutes from our house. Not many people knew it was there, but the few who did considered themselves very lucky.

"It's such a gorgeous day, I only wish it were a few degrees cooler," I said to Sam. And yes, it was a nice day, but the temperature was in the high 20C range, and although I was only dressed in a breezy, thigh length pink dress, I could feel the beads of sweat forming in my cleavage, even as I spoke.

"Yeah I know. We should cancel the picnic and go for a swim in the lake instead." Sam said to me, lifting his shirt up as if the decision had already been made. 

"We can after we eat," I replied. "I spent ages making all this food and I don't want it to go to waste". He laughed and sat down on the soft rug. Sam loved to tease me. Poke harmless fun and get me all riled up every once in a while.

I sat down across from him, crossing my legs and leaning over to open the picnic basket. I looked up to ask Sam whether he wanted a chicken or roast beef sandwich when I saw his eyes transfixed squarely on my legs – or so I though.

"What are you looking at?" I asked Sam, looking down myself. "I know I put underwear on this morning, so I don't see what you're gawking at", I pulled my dress down, covering my panties, and playfully tossed the roast beef sandwich at him.

"Sorry babe," he said to me with a smirk, "but I was just thinking about how good it would be to slip my hand inside your panties."

"Oh, Sam!" I said, my face turning slightly crimson in colour, "There'll be plenty of time for that when we get home." I covered my face with my hands, and felt it burning with embarrassment. You see I'd never been one for openly talking dirty with my boyfriend, and even though I loved Sam with all my heart, I was just embarrassed to hear him say those words. The tingle I felt in my pussy however, disagreed with me.

"Come on Grace," he said to me, his eyes scanning my body, "you know the things you do to me. You know you make me horny as hell, and today is no exception". Sam moved the cups, bottle of wine and other assorted picnic items to the side of the rug, and came towards me. I stayed put where I was, Sam now face to face with me. His eyes were a brilliant blue, dreamy and the type that sort of drew you in. I leant in towards him and gave him a small kiss, but before I could draw away he put his hand on the back of my head and held it in place as he kissed me again.

This time, the kiss was deep and full of desire. It didn't take me long before I wrapped my arm around the back of his neck, and held him close. Opening my mouth slightly, I pushed my tongue past his lips and let out a soft sigh of pleasure as he did the same. He started to run his hands up my bare thigh, his fingers slipping into my dress and playing with the edge of my panties, which by now were becoming wet. I spread my legs just a bit wider and leant back, forcing him to come forward, almost laying on top of me now.

I could feel his hardness through his shorts, and he was rubbing it ever so lightly against my leg, enjoying the sensations it was giving him. Sam started kissing my cheek, moving down my neck, and finally over my chest. I took down the thin straps of my dress, and since I didn't feel the need to wear a bra today, my breasts were now exposed. He stopped kissing me and took my breasts in his hands, kneading and teasing them, just the way I liked. They weren't too big; a large B Cup, but that was fine with me. Anything bigger and I would have looked just plain odd. I was only 5'3 and a small size 8. I had always been petite, so thankfully having large breasts wasn't one of my main concerns.

He leant down and started kissing and biting my nipples, running his tongue over them and still teasing with his hands. My panties were well and truly soaked by now, and all I could think of was getting his cock inside me. I started rubbing his erection through his shorts, and he let out a moan as I pulled his shorts down and wrapped my hand around his thick cock. I started slowly stroking it, and could see a drop of precum form on the tip. I sat him back and lowered my head so I could taste the little droplet. He loves when I suck his cock, and I'm more than happy to do it, knowing how good it makes him feel. 

Running my tongue up the length of his shaft, I started to gently play with his balls, running my fingertips across them as my mouth continued to slide up and down his shaft. I tasted more precum, and could tell by the way he was moaning that he was getting close. I stopped sucking his cock and kissed my way up his body, taking off his shirt in the process. 

I laid him back and stood above him. I pulled off my panties and threw them on the ground, holding my dress up and exposing my pussy I could see Sam's eyes fill with lust. I lowered myself onto his cock and slowly sank down until he was as deep as possible inside me.

"Oh god, I love how your cock fills me up, baby." I breathlessly said as I started to bounce up and down on his cock. He grabbed my hips and lifted himself slightly off the ground. He started thrusting into me as hard as he wanted, and kept getting faster and faster. 

It felt so good to have him fucking me with such passion, and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold my orgasm off for very long. Leaning into him I moved his mouth to my breast and he started licking my nipple; making it harder than ever. The way he was fucking me my clit was getting ample friction and I could feel my orgasm building from deep inside. I let out a loud moan as I reached my climax. I could feel a powerful wave wash over me from my pussy all the way down my legs. I collapsed onto Sam, but kept grinding my pussy against him – this was his favourite way to finish, and I knew he wasn't far away when he dug his fingers into my hips and closed his eyes. One final thrust and he started to cum, shooting his load deep inside me.

As we laid on the blanket, spent and utterly satisfied, Sam picked up the roast beef sandwich, passed it to me and told me to 'build my strength'. I guess I'll be needing it later.