 Jake sat at the bar sipping a beer, surveying his surroundings and trying to decide if there was anything remotely interesting happening when he spotted two women playing a game of pool. He watched the two girls playing for a while, bantering back and forth and giggling. He rolled his eyes. Why did the hot girls always have to travel in packs that made them as irritating as possible? He spent a few minutes studying their features. A tall blonde with blue eyes and thin face wore a low-cut top but really didn't have enough cleavage to be showing it off, but she did have nice long legs. The other was shorter, also blonde, but obviously not a natural blonde, with brown eyes and slightly more curvy, a little on the heavy side. Jake watched them play for a few more minutes, deciding neither of them had any real skill at the game and then went back to his beer and people watching, ignoring the two girls for the most part. 

He had perused the rest of the bar when a third woman at the pool table caught his attention. This one different than the other two, as she was obviously there to play a game of pool, declining to partake in the other two women's banter. She was about as tall as the taller of the two blondes, long tan legs, more muscular than the tallest blonde, muscles flexing as she went on tiptoe to make a shot, short black skirt riding up her thigh a bit. Jake licked his lips, intently watching her every move. He watched her lean over the pool table to make a shot, voluptuous breasts straining at the tight halter-top she was wearing. 

Jake ordered another beer and made some small talk with another man watching the game as well. He glanced over to the pool table, she was now leaning on a bar table, beer in hand, legs crossed as she waited for her turn. He blinked as she lifted her arms to the back of her head pulling long rich chocolate brown hair into a ponytail at the base of her neck. Her arms lifted exposed a beautiful stomach as flat and lean as could be. She was stunning. He watched her sink her last ball without making a real effort and then casually sink the eight ball. She smiled sweetly as she shook the other woman's hand, thanking both of them for allowing her to play, then grabbed her beer and turned to the bar, hips swinging as she walked. 

She sat at the opposite end of the bar, crossing her legs and polishing off her beer. Jake smiled and thought a pool-playing, beer-drinking hottie a rarity indeed. He grinned to himself thinking he had to get to know her better. Jake paused for a minute, worried he had lost his chance when a man walked up to her and made small talk. She seemed receptive to the chitchat. Jake sighed as he watched her, smiling and talking with the other man politely but not really giving him any cues she was interested in anything else. He quickly lost interest in her and took a seat near the two blondes still playing pool. Jake ordered another beer and took a few sips before deciding to approach her.

He paused as he watched her get up to use the restroom. Perfect, he thought. He made his way to the restroom after her, but waited outside the hallway until she came out of the restroom. When he noticed her come out of the door he started down the hallway, bumping into her.

"I am so sorry," he apologized. 

She paused and looked at him, eyes narrowing. 

"Oh come on, that was lame," she teased.

He was taken aback, surprised she called his bluff and not quite sure what to do next. Jake took a deep breath and decided to come clean; she was obviously not going to play that game. 

"A little bit," he admitted, "but can you blame me?"

"No I can't," she agreed, smiling warmly.

"I'm Jake." He extended his hand.

"Nikki," she said as she shook his hand. 

"So Jake, do you normally chase women to the bathroom to hit on them?" 

"Only the hot ones," he said with a smile.

A warm blush bloomed across her cheeks "Thank you." Jake nodded and asked if he could get her a drink. She accepted his offer and followed him to a booth in the corner of the bar.

As they made small talk for the majority of the evening, Jake noticed how truly beautiful she was. She had a pretty face and long brown hair just covering hard nipples staring blindly at him through the tight shirt. She had wonderfully deep hazel eyes and perfectly manicured nails. He found her warm, inviting, and interesting. He sighed as they talked.

She paused mid-sentence. "Is there something wrong?" she inquired, concern in her voice. "I hope I'm not boring you."

"Not all. You're a lot different then most of the women I speak with." 

"Oh I see, normally your tits don't have brains," she said flatly. He raised an eyebrow at her.

"I normally don't get a chance to find out. Women find me irresistible," he teased. She groaned and rolled her eyes. 

"I can't see how that could possibly be," she ribbed him, but thinking he was indeed totally irresistible. He had dark brown hair and an easy smile and wore a pair of slacks and a dress shirt that had obviously been pressed and from what she could tell was covering an unbelievable body. She took a deep breath as she looked into his dark brown eyes, hoping he would take that as a joke and not be offended. She normally allowed a man to run a little more game on her, but for some reason she wasn't letting him get away with it. She knew instinctively he could do better.

He winked at her and flashed her a charming smile. She winked back and scooted around the booth closer to him. He smiled as he put his hand on her thigh. 

"I'm wearing you down aren't I?" he whispered into her ear. Nikki smiled and kissed his cheek.

"I think you are," she agreed and polished off her beer. He swallowed hard and inhaled sharply, deciding this was his chance. He kissed the side of her neck softly just under her ear and slowly withdrew. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end as goose bumps erupted over her smooth skin. 

She closed her eyes and turned her head, lips meeting his before he pulled away. His lips felt perfect against hers, fingers brushing her cheek as he moved his hand to the back of her head to gently play with her hair. 

He didn't want to let her go, as her perfect lips felt extraordinary against his. He knew instantly he had to have more of her. He would chase this one if she were going to play hard to get. He felt soft round breasts press into his chest, nipples like little thorns digging into him, reminding him how painfully badly he wanted her. He gently pulled away from her, wanting to see her face and look into her striking eyes and get lost in her. 

She looked deeply into his eyes as he stared at her. Jake watched a hurricane of lust brew in her eyes and knew she had to feel the same way he did. He was on fire and only the turbulent waves of lust beginning to crash in her could put it out. 

"Lets get out of here." He suggested. She didn't say anything, just nodded her approval and followed him out of the bar to his car. He opened the door for her, hardly daring to think she was going to go home with him. Nikki could barely believe she was getting into a stranger's car and letting him take her to his house. 

"I never do this," she blurted.

"Never do what?" he asked, knowing the answer but happy to have the small talk to ease his nerves.

"Go home with strange men I don't know." He nodded in understanding, assuring her it didn't really make a difference in what he thought about her.

"Sometimes you just have to do what feels right," she continued cautiously. 

"I know baby. That kiss felt pretty right."

"Yes, it did," she agreed, beaming. 

He put his hand on hers and gave it a squeeze. She smiled and slid her hand into his lap, running her long nails over the inside of his thigh. He shuttered under her touch. His reaction urged her on, giving her more confidence. She inched her way up his thigh, giving the swelling bulge in his pants a firm rub. He groaned and shifted in his seat as she ran her nails up and down his stiffening penis. 

Jake was dying to be home by the time they pulled into his driveway. He opened her door for her and took her hand as she got out. She giggled at his chivalry as she followed him to the door. He put his lips against hers and wrapped an arm around her skinny waist as he unlocked the door. He slowly opened the door then pulled her inside as he flipped on the light. She looked around and took a seat on a leather sofa. 

"Nice place."

"Thanks, can I get you anything?" He watched as a wicked smile crept across her lips slowly. 

She winked. "Just you." It was his turn to blush a bit as he walked to the sofa, unbuttoning the top few buttons of his shirt. She grabbed his hand and pulled him onto the couch next to her, her lips meeting his again as he sunk beside her. This time her kiss was different, hungrier. He parted her lips with the tip of his tongue, fingers digging into her lower back, pulling her as close to him as he could get her.

She moaned softly into his mouth and ran her tongue across his bottom lip and then against his tongue, hands pulling at his shirt, untucking it and then running her hands up inside it. Her soft hands against his hard well-muscled stomach felt amazing to him. He took the hint and finished unbuttoning his shirt. She smiled at him as he slipped his shirt off his shoulders. She took a deep breath thinking he was gorgeous. Nikki leaned closer to him and kissed his chest softly, sending a hot streak of desire down his stomach to his waistband. Jake loved the way her lips felt on him and the confidence she had to explore his body. He could tell she was going to be an outstanding lover. 

He watched intently when she paused at the waistband of his pants, hoping she wasn't going to stop kissing him. She looked up at him, eyes flashing. Jake put his hand in her hair and nodded at her, holding his breath. She winked at him and then pressed her face into the front of his slacks. He groaned with anticipation as Nikki unbuttoned his pants and slowly slid the zipper downward. Jake stood slowly in front of her as she pulled his pants and boxers down over his hips, running her nails across the backs of his legs. She looked up at Jake as she stuck out a pink tongue and ever so gently licked the drop of precum on the tip of his cock. She showed it to him before swallowing. 

Jake shook his head, "You're a sexy woman." 

She didn't say a word and continued on, loving his manhood. Nikki pulled the head of his cock into her mouth and sucked on it noisily. Jake's hands went to the back of her head, wanting so badly to push her head down on his cock. She looked up at him again as she slid his large cock into her mouth, pressing it to the roof of her mouth with her tongue and sucking hard. He thrust his hips toward her a few times, pumping his cock in and out of her warm velvety mouth.

Jake could barely stand it, feeling the passion she had built up in him. He pulled away from her and lifted her off the floor, kissing her deeply. He put his hands under her rear and lifted her up as he kissed her, her strong thighs wrapping around his waist pulling him close to her. He loved it when a woman wrapped around him, and she seemed to fit perfectly, her heel resting in the small of his back as her fingernails gently dug into his shoulders. 

Jake carried her down a hallway to his bedroom and placed her on his bed. He sat next to her, laying her back on the bed as he kissed the palm of her hand and gently sucked on each finger. Nikki watched him and giggled softly at his kisses. He kissed the undersides of her wrists and worked his way down her arm, licking the bend of her elbow and lightly blowing air over her wet skin. 

Nikki let out a long slow breath, surprised at the time he was taking with her and intending to enjoy every minute of it. The backs of his finger stroked her upper arms and caressed her shoulders. His lips barely brushed her shoulders and neck until he reached the soft spot where her shoulder met her neck, then kissed gently in the sweet web of skin. She tipped her head to the side, extending her long neck as he slowly worked his way up it and across her jawline, taking her ear in his mouth and giving it a tender nibble. 

His hands played at the bottom of her shirt, sliding under it and stroking her stomach. She sighed deeply, eyes closed, the feeling of his hands and lips incredibly satisfying. Slowly he kissed tiny little pecks across her collarbone and then down the front of her chest. His breath on the flesh between her breasts was warm as he snaked his tongue into the sweet canyon of her bosom. He lifted her shirt off and ran fingers over the tops of her breasts, the soft pads of his finger massaging the sides of her breasts as he cupped them in his hands. Jake stared at the beautiful woman lying half-naked in his bed and just enjoyed the sight of her. 

He watched her lips move into a small pout and gently licked her pink hard nipples. He couldn't help himself as they were almost begging for his attention. When Jake sucked hard on her nipples she let out a low moan that only egged him on. Arms wrapped around her, hands on her back holding him close to her, his lips, teeth, and tongue worked mercilessly on her nipples. Nikki shuddered underneath him, never being a big fan of what she called "breast action," but he was changing that. 

"Jake, that feels so good," she moaned, head tipped back. Jake was dying to taste more of her. He slowly unzipped the back of her skirt and slipped it down her thighs. He kissed the undersides of her breasts as he let his hands glide down her body and rest under her ass, giving it a little squeeze. She propped herself up on her elbows watching him fixedly. Jake teased his tongue over her stomach, playing with her dangling belly button piercing and then sliding his tongue under the tiny G-string she was wearing. 

She pressed her lips into an "O" as she felt his warm tongue against her milky skin. She slid her thumbs under her panties and slithered her panties down over her hips and then to her thighs. Jake nodded approvingly as she lay under him wearing only a pair of high heels and thigh-high stockings. He stroked the soft skin of her upper inner thigh, fingers skimming the perfectly shaved lips of her sex. 

She bit her lip, dying to have him. The teasing was driving her crazy. Jake gently inched his finger between her wet pouting lips, dipping the tip of his finger into her sweet honey pot and then withdrawing it. He stared at her face, watching her reaction and waiting until he hit just the right spot. As he stroked the tight little bud of her clit she let out a deep moan. He stroked it again, changing the firmness of his touch, just a little rougher this time. Her eyes flashed as she grabbed him rolling him to his back.

Nikki straddled him and placed her hands on his chest, the ends of her long hair dancing across his skin. Her pink nipples so tight and erect pointed at him as she pressed her hips to his. He groaned as he felt her hot sweet pussy rub his aching manhood. She smiled at him and winked as he put his hand on her hip and urged her to slide onto his cock. She obliged him without a word, just an intense look as he watched the sea of lust break through her inhibitions as he slid into her. 

She took a sharp breath and let it out slowly. "Ohhhh fuuuckkk, baby." 

Jake grabbed her hips with both hands as she sat up on him, guiding her and watching her bounce up and down on him, her beautiful large breasts swaying with the rhythm of her hips, full lips partially open, and her striking eyes wide and staring at him. Nikki smiled as she moved her hips in a circular motion, strong muscles wrapping around his throbbing cock as she closed the hot velvety walls of her pussy around him.

He grabbed her hands and pulled her to him, wanting to feel the length of her body against him.

"Nikki you're a goddess," he whispered in her ear. 

She smiled and pressed her lips to his, tongue sliding inside his mouth. Jake moaned into her mouth as he ran his hands down the length of her back. She whimpered into his ear and clung to him as she felt the storm within her escalate to the breaking point and her orgasm strike her. Jake held her tight as he felt her body tense, caressing her as she weathered the storm. 

She took a deep breath, hips still grinding against his. Jake looked into her eyes, the hurricane of lust gone, her eyes relaxed as she smiled affectionately at him. He rolled her back onto her back as he pulled her thighs across the tops of his. He placed his hands under her ass, lifting her as he pumped deep inside her. She took a sharp breath as she felt his commanding cock bury itself into her, pumping in and out with yearning. 

Her hands behind her head, Nikki was stretched out so strikingly in front of him, watching his face and seeing the look of pleasure cross it.

"Cum for me," she pleaded with him. 

The sound of her low voice was all he needed, and Jake gave out a low animalistic groan and delivered a hot shower of his seed deep into her. She let out a moan as she felt the fire splash far inside her like the final flood to her storm.

Jake collapsed onto the bed next to her, their thighs still tangled together, his cock firmly planted in her. Breathing hard they stared at each other for a few minutes. He reached out and held her hand watching her face. She just smiled and gave him the thumbs up as she curled up next to him, closing her eyes and drifting to sleep, head on his chest. He smiled as he ran his fingers through her hair, his head on hers, just watching her, intent on waiting for tomorrow's weather forecast, hoping to God there was another storm on the horizon.