 I had always had a fairly low sex drive. Once or twice enough was plenty for me. I attribute it more to hormones than to upbringing. I just didn't need it that often, and certainly wasn't into anything wild or kinky. But that all changed in the summer of my 41st year. I'm not sure why--probably some kind of hormonal change--but I found myself getting hornier and hornier as the summer went on.

I remember one particularly hot weekend. It all started Friday morning when, for some reason, I woke up with thoughts of sex on my mind. I'm not sure why; it could have been a dream, or maybe it was just because I'd gone a couple weeks without it.

After crawling out of bed, I lingered in the shower, savoring the warm water caressing my nipples. I aimed the stream lower, enjoying the sweet sensation of the droplets tingling the sweet spot between my thighs.

I'm usually a jeans-and-t-shirt kind of gal, especially on Fridays, but today I wanted to do something different. I slipped into a black skirt that I hardly ever wear, and topped it with a maroon sweater. The low cut on the sweater is not something I would normally wear to work, but today I was feeling a little frisky. I looked at myself in the mirror and even leaned over to admire the way the sweater showed off my full breasts. I realized that I'd better not bend over too far at work!

I dug into my drawer to look for the torture device known as pantyhose. I was disappointed to discover that he only black pair I owned had developed a run. I really wanted to wear sexy black hose, but was forced to settle for a regular pair. Digging through the drawer, I happened upon a pair of black thigh-highs that my husband had given me the previous Christmas, still in the original package. I looked at the package as I lifted it out of the drawer. Was I daring enough to wear something this sexy to work? Figuring that it couldn't hurt just to try them on, I pulled the stockings out of the package and slipped them on. They felt incredible! Much more comfortable (and sexier) than those damned pantyhose! I checked myself out in the mirror, and it occurred to me that the only one who would know I was wearing them was me. They looked just like a pair of regular hose, but the feeling of walking around with bare thighs was incredible!

As I drove into work, I kept squirming in my seat. My dress, while still rather conservative, was much more risqué than anything I had ever worn before. When I got to work I was a bit embarrassed by the looks from my coworkers, but I had to admit the leers turned me on even more. Hidden away in my office, I tried to get some work done even though my mind filled with delicious thoughts of what was to come.

My husband, John, gets home in mid-afternoon, and just after 3:00 I sent him an e-mail:

"Care to spend some time together tonight? You should see how I'm dressed. I look great"

His reply came back a few minutes later: "I'd love to spend some time together. I think you always look great, but what are you wearing?"

"The maroon sweater that shows off my, ahem, assets, that little black skirt, black thigh-highs, black bra and panties."

"I'll bet you look hot! Can't wait for you to get home!"

I made a trip to the ladies room before sending him my reply: "Oops. I lost the panties!"

The thought and feeling of being naked under my skirt sent my mind went into overdrive. I loved the sensation of my bare thighs rubbing together, and my mind filled with racy thoughts of what my husband would do with those thighs when I got home! Somehow I battled through those thoughts and finished up work before heading home.

John had already started dinner when I got home.

"My God, you look hot!" John said when I got home.

"I told you." He had already started dinner, so I jumped right in began making a salad. As I sliced cucumber on the sink, John came up behind me and gave me a hug. He slipped his hands under my skirt and cupped my bare ass.

"You really aren't wearing panties," he said. He caressed my bottom for a moment before sliding his hands around to my front. John brushed his fingers through my wispy fuzz before applying pressure to my sweet spot. I felt his stiffness rubbing up against my backside. I thought I would have an orgasm right there! "Now now," I said, lifting his hands out from under my skirt. "Dinner first."

I went to work setting the table, making sure that I bent over often to give John a glimpse of my ample breasts. I lit candles, and we sat down to a nice, romantic dinner. John seemed a bit preoccupied during the meal (frankly I was too!), so we made quick work out of the chicken, asparagus and tossed salad. We finished with a glass of wine, and started clearing the table, but my honey was overcome with lust. He gently pushed me up against the table and lifted my skirt, exposing my bare ass.

"Your ass looks so hot," he whispered in my ear.

I could hear him unzipping his pants, and before I knew it, something warm and hard was pushing up against my ass. He bent me over and slowly guided his stiff cock toward my pussy. The salacious thoughts running through my head all day had kept me very wet, so he had no trouble sliding his cock deep into my drenched pussy. The feeling was wonderful! Bent over, leaning on the table, John thrust quickly in and out of my warm pussy. He reached around with both hands and grabbed my breasts, giving my stiff nipples a firm squeeze. His thrusts quickened and his breath deepened as he groaned to a rousing orgasm. He reached one hand down to my pussy and fingered my throbbing clit. A couple of flicks later, and I too quivered to a deep, sweet orgasm. I turned and collapsed in his arms. He held me for several minutes and covered my face and neck with sweet kisses before we disengaged and finished clearing the table.

Our Friday after dinner routine involves watching a pay-per-view movie, so I headed for the bedroom to change into my pajamas. But once I got a look at myself in the mirror, I changed my mind. I was still horny! I took off my sweater and skirt, and retrieved my panties from my purse. I joined John on the couch dressed this way: black bra and panties and black thigh highs.

"My God, you look incredible," he said as I slid in next to him on the couch.

We picked out a movie and spread a blanket over our laps. As the movie played, I reached over and stroked him through his jeans. He returned the favor, reaching one hand out to caress my still-wet pussy through the fabric of my panties, while the other hand gently stroked my breasts. This mutual fondling had us both hot within minutes, and we totally lost track of the movie plot. I unzipped his jeans and slid them and his briefs off, allowing his stiff cock to spring free. I stood and slipped my panties off and climbed on top of him. I lowered myself over his delicious dick, savoring the sensation of him filling me once again. I reached behind and unhooked the clasps on my bra, allowing my breasts to swing freely in front of his face. John put his lips over one nipple, and gently danced across the other with his fingertips. The sensation drove me wild! With his cock filling my pussy, I ground down against him to apply pressure to my clit. With his tongue eagerly flicking across one nipple, and his fingers working doing their magic on the other, I cried out in another ecstatic orgasm. My screams of pleasure brought him over the edge as well. He thrust deeply up toward me, and I watched his face contort in pleasure as he shuddered to another orgasm.

I stayed on top of him for several minutes, with his arms wrapped around me. By then, both of us were exhausted, so we traipsed off to bed.

I slept very soundly (sex will do that!). When I awoke the next day, John was still quietly snoring beside me. I pulled down the covers and gave his body a longing glance. I could see his morning hard-on poking through his briefs, and decided to have some fun. I grabbed the elastic on his shorts and pulled them down, letting his stiff cock pop out. I held his warm dick in my hand for a few moments before slowly sliding my fingers up and down his shaft. I concentrated on the smooth skin on the bottom side of the shaft, the sensitive area between the head and the balls. John moaned softly in his sleep, and I bent over and ran my tongue up and down his cock. I slid my tongue over his balls, making them good and wet. I pulled each of his balls in my mouth before sliding my lips back over his shaft and engulfing his cock in my mouth. I rode slowly up and down his hard dick, pressing firmly but gently with my lips. This finally woke John up.

"Uh, honey?" he asked in that sexy sleepy voice. "What are you doing?"

I lifted my head from his cock, but continued to stroke his wet shaft with my fingers. "Just saying good morning!"

"Well, if this is any indication, I'd say it's gonna be a great day!"

His moans grew louder and his hips began to gyrate. I lifted my hand from his cock. "That's enough," I said.

"Hey, you can't stop now!"

"Oh yes I can. I just wanted to get you ready for later today." Before he had time to argue, I raced for the shower. 

It promised to be warm day, so after the shower I dressed lightly before running errands and getting some housework done. I pulled a bra out of my drawer, but thought better of it and tossed it back in. I then lifted a tight t-shirt out of the drawer and pulled it on along with a pair of skin-tight cutoffs. I have rather large breasts (36D), so I don't usually go braless, but I wanted to continue to tease my hubby.

"You look nice," he said as I stepped out of the bedroom. His eyes were glued to my stiff nipples poking through the white t-shirt. He reached up a hand to give me a squeeze, but I batted it down.

"Ah ah ah," I said. "I have things I need to get done today. But I want you thinking of me for later."

"I don't know what's gotten into you honey," he said with a smile. "But I like it."

"I know what's gotten into me," I said, reaching out a hand to give his cock a little squeeze. "And I want it getting into me again."

I headed out to run some errands, and came back to finish up the housework. John couldn't take his eyes off my breasts all day. I occasionally rubbed my boobs against him, and tickled his cock a few times to make sure he knew what was in store for him later. I wrapped up the housework and we had a simple dinner before settling down on the couch for a movie. At first, I figured we'd finish watching last night's selection, but as I clicked through the channel guide, I paused on one of the adult channels. "'Naked Nymphets', huh?" I said. "Sound interesting?"

"Honey, I don't think that's your kind of movie."

True, I had always objected to pornography, but as I read the description for 'Naked Nymphets', it occurred to me that I'd never actually watched a porn flick. One of the girls at work had mentioned that she and her husband watched adult films sometimes, and she said that most of the stuff shown on the adult cable channels was soft-porn--supposedly geared more toward women, with less graphic sex. "I'd be willing to watch."

"OK, if you're sure."

"If I don't like it, we can change the channel." I went through the ordering process, and the opening theme of 'Naked Nymphets' flooded through the speakers. True to its title, within the first few minutes the screen filled with nymphets--and they really were naked. The movie didn't have much of a plot, and the acting was terrible. The sex was all simulated, so I didn't find it all that objectionable. In fact, some scenes were quite erotic. I looked over at John, and the look on his face (and the bulge in his pants) told me that he was enjoying 'Naked Nymphets'. Personally, I'd had my fill of naked female flesh; I found the bulge in John's pants much more intriguing. I got down on my knees and slid his pants and briefs off. His rock-hard cock told me that he was indeed enjoying the on-screen antics, but I wanted to let him know where his pleasure was really coming from. I encircled his dick with two fingers, sliding them up and down his shaft. I followed with my tongue, up one side of his beautiful cock and down the other. I rode my lips back to the head, licked the tasty pre-cum, and slid my mouth down over his cock. I looked up at my husband, and he was still entranced by the naked nymphets on the screen. "Fine," I thought. "You can show your tight young bodies to my husband, but I'm the one who reaps the reward." My lips on his cock, I slid up and down, slowly at first but gradually increased the speed. John moaned and started slowly pushing his hips upward. I let go of his cock long enough to lift my t-shirt and let my breasts spring free. As John enjoyed the firm, young tits on screen, I squeezed his wet cock between my breasts. I slid my tits down his dick until it reached my lips, then covered it again with my mouth. I looked up again and we made eye contact. The look on his face as I sucked his cock was priceless. His moans intensified, his hips thrust faster and faster to meet my lips. He grabbed my head and pushed it down just as he filled my mouth with his warm, sticky juice.

John collapsed back on the couch, but I wasn't done with him yet! I slipped my panties off and sat on couch with my feet up on the ottoman. "Fuck me with your tongue, baby," I said. He got down on his knees between my legs and tickled my lips with his tongue. He then plunged all the way into my slick pussy, lapping up my juices. His tongue felt wonderful, deep inside my pussy, like a warm, wet, squirming cock. He pulled his tongue out and put it to work on my clit, flicking across it and sucking it between his lips. I moved my hips up and down to match the motion of his tongue on my clit. He slid a finger inside my pussy, and that almost sent me over the edge. I licked my fingers to make them wet, than started pulling and twisting on my nipples while my husband sucked on my clit. I looked up at the TV and discovered that one of the Naked Nymphets was receiving the same oral pleasure that I was. This scene was incredibly erotic; my husband's face buried in my pussy while I watched a young nymph squirming in ecstasy. I grabbed John's head and pushed his face hard into my pussy as I rocked to an explosive orgasm. Two delightful aftershocks followed.

I thought for sure we were spent after that, but I woke Sunday morning hornier than ever. After breakfast, I dug into my drawer full of goodies and donned my little "sex slave" outfit--leather bra and skirt and a chained collar.

"You're insatiable!" John said when he got a look at me in my submissive outfit.

"I am yours to do with as you please," I said.

He blindfolded me and laid me down on the bed, tying my arms and legs to the bedposts. The next thing I felt was his hot, hard cock sliding up and down my body. He held his dick up to my cheek then pushed it between my lips. He slid lower, unhooking by leather bra so he could tease my nipples with the head of his dick. He slid even lower, lifting my skirt before plunging his cock into my pussy. He pushed in and out a few times before pulling out and making a juicy trail back up to my mouth. John slid his cock between my lips, making me lick my own juices. He untied me and set me on all fours on the bed. Standing next to the bed, he entered me from behind, shoving his cock in my pussy to the hilt. He began pumping faster and faster, his hands grabbing my ass for support. I was going wild with desire. He pumped so fast that at one point his cock slipped out and nudged up against my asshole.

"Shove it in!" I screamed.

"I wi--"

"In my ass!"

"What?"

I had always shown reluctance toward anal sex, but at that moment I was so turned on I would have done anything. "Shove it up my ass!"

"You want me to--"

"Fuck me in the ass!"

John grabbed the head of his cock and pressed it up against my asshole. With my juices covering his dick, he managed to slide the tip in before he ran into resistance. "It's very tight," he said.

"I know! Push harder! I want your cock all the way in my ass!"

He grabbed my hips and pushed harder, and his cock slowly slid all the way in. I felt like it was going to rip me in two.

"Oh God!" I cried. "Your cock is ripping me apart!" At first it felt a little uncomfortable, but I began to warm to the feeling of his cock filling my ass. John slid in and out slowly at first, then managed to pick up speed. I could feel his balls slapping against my pussy. I reached a hand under me and fingered my clit while he pumped my ass. It was an incredibly intense feeling. "How's it feel, baby?" I cooed.

"Tight," he said through clenched teeth. "Your ass is very tight. I'm going to cum!"

"Yes! Cum for me baby. Fill my ass with your hot juice!" John let out a loud moaned and shook as he came. I could feel his hot cum in my ass, and with my own finger on my clit I exploded into delicious orgasm.

I collapsed on the bed, exhausted. John plopped down beside me. Over the past forty-eight hours, every orifice on my body had been fucked. I could barely move. But my mind was already making plans for the next weekend.