 THANKS TO ALL THOSE THAT GAVE ME FEEDBACK ON THE FIRST INSTALLMENT AND ENCOURAGEMENT TO DO THE SECOND. FEEL FREE TO SEND ME FEEDBACK AT THE CONTACT TAB IN MY PROFILE.

*

Her statement caused him to come back down the stairs and stand at the foot of the couch. Denise was propped up on her elbows on the leather couch smiling at him with her legs covered by the blanket he had laid on top of her. It bunched at her waist and Craig still had the pleasure of seeing her upper chest, neck, shoulders, and arms exposed under the spaghetti-strapped, black silk dress she was wearing. The top of the dress pushed out, loosened by her position and generously showed him her cleavage. The light coming in through the large cabin picture window made the scene look classic.

Denise stood up, threw aside the blanket and walked towards him slowly. Craig knew what was coming. He was hoping that the tent growing in his slacks didn't show his extreme anticipation. Craig closed his eyes and slightly parted his lips as he felt her arms wrap around his waist. Her head rested on his chest. "My God, Craig. I'm so sorry. You must think I'm such a slut." She then burst into a steady sob. 

"Not what I expected," Craig thought to himself. "Shh. It's okay Denise," he said softly as he began to stroke her hair. "It's okay," he repeated over and over again.

"I just needed to have a good time so bad. I just miss Roger so much. It's been so long Craig since...It's been two months since...," she stopped herself as her voice once again began to quiver. "I can't believe I did that. I can't believe it. And you were standing right there. I'm so sorry you saw me like that Craig. That's not me. It's not me," she started to raise her voice.

"I didn't see anything Denise," he said. She stopped and looked up at him, still holding him tight at the waist. Her nose was red and tracks of tears ran from her eyes to her mouth.

"Please don't tell Roger. It would kill him. He'd kill me," she started to cry again slightly.

He took her face in his hands. "Denise, listen to me," he stated his next words slowly, "I didn't see a thing. Nothing happened." She then burst into tears again as she burrowed her face into his chest again. "It's obvious you are under a lot of stress. Tonight was probably a good thing for you." In an attempt to lighten the mood between them, he said, "And never, never apologize to me for what happened tonight. That was one of the sexiest things I've ever seen."

She released him and sat down on the couch grabbing for tissues on the coffee table. Craig sat in a chair across from her, leaning forward, waiting to listen to her. As she cleaned her face and blew her nose, she started to speak. "I can't believe it happened. I mean, like I said earlier, Roger and I really need this time together."

"I'd say; two months," he reminded her what she'd revealed earlier.

"Yeah, well, I guess all of that bubbled over tonight. I was really waiting to dance with you again, but after you took the phone call—Jennifer, I suppose—I went back to the table and that first guy asked me to dance. I was already buzzing a little. Then, he pulled me onto his thigh and it was like the first time I'd ever been touched there," she stopped and looked at him. "I'm sorry, do you mind that I'm talking about this? I'm just trying to clear my head."

Craig restrained a gulp and acted nonchalant, "NO! It's cool. Let it out. I'm all ears."

"Well, it just doesn't take a lot to get me going these days. It's been so long," she continued. "Then, after you went to the bathroom, he grabbed me again and we started dancing. He was talking really dirty to me. No one's ever done that to me. I was, you know, getting really wet down there," she said it like she was telling a secret.

"Uh huh," Craig crossed his legs hoping to hide his arousal.

"When his friend came over, he was touching me all over. He asked me if you were my husband. I guess I was really in the mood and I told him 'Yes, he is, but don't worry about him. He likes to watch.' Sorry," she crumpled her face at that last remark. 

"No, it's cool." Craig was enjoying hearing the rest of the story on what he was only a mere spectator to earlier. His throbbing hard-on was evidence.

"I can't believe it. I feel like such a slut," she looked concerned and put her hands in her face.

"What? Why," he prompted.

"Well, the guy behind me, uh, well, he kinda put his hand in my panties. I think the guy in front of me, uh, well shoot. He was sucking on my tit. I came right there in public Craig. Goodness, I hope nobody saw what was going on," she said, her face turning bright red.

Craig decided to just break the news to her. "Denise, I know you were really drunk, but I gotta tell you. It was dark, but more than a few folks saw everything." She sat up straight and put her right hand over her opened mouth. "I don't think you realized, but the guys had pushed your dress up and I, uh, and many others, could see what was going on."

She pursed her lips, perhaps a little angry at herself. "Well, what exactly did you see?"

"You leaned back and it was clear that the guy behind you had pulled your, well, panties to the side. He was fingering you and let's just say it was very obvious that you were aroused," he stopped.

"Yeah, my pussy was really wet." Her choice of words almost knocked him over. "What else did you see?"

He noticed Denise's right hand was resting on her upper right thigh. Her bare left leg crossed her right leg, covering what he imagined was her rubbing near the bottom of her dress just below her panties. "Then, the front guy pulled down your top and started sucking on your left nipple. You started shaking and bucking your hips and grunting." Denise leaned forward more and it seemed that her right hand pushed further between her legs as she listened to his description.

"So, you pretty much saw everything then," she asked.

"Yeah, pretty much," he responded as he stared at her right hand now obviously against her panties. The hem of her dress was pushed up though he couldn't see much with her legs still crossed. "I did see, though, when you finally stopped cumming that you had been stroking his long dick."

With that, Denise stood up flushed. For a split second, he saw her panties again and could swear he saw the light glint off of her right hand's moist fingertips. "I have to go take a shower and get ready for bed." She started to walk towards the stairs when she turned to him. Her cheeks were flushed as was the top of her chest. "I'm really glad that you were here tonight. I really need a friend and you were there for me. I really appreciate you taking care of me Craig. I'm sorry..." he cut her off.

"Denise! No more sorrys. It's over, really," he tried to comfort her. "You had a great time tonight. You deserve it. You need to tell yourself that."

"You're right Craig," she paused. "Look, it's already three and they're supposed to call early tomorrow morning. Why don't we get showers and come back down here and watch t.v. until morning. You don't have to, I just don't want to be alone tonight. You know what I mean?"

At that point, Craig would have done anything she said. Slightly surprised at the request, he responded with, "Uh, sure. Yeah. That'd be great." 

"Great!" She trotted up the stairs and once again, Craig saw that wonderful black lace thong under the short silk dress. He slowly walked up the stairs and noted the cracked door to her and Roger's bedroom, the light from the adjoined bathroom barely spilling into it. He stopped at the second to last stair and was met by the sound of running water. Then, he heard a whimper.

"Oh no, I hope she's done crying," he thought to himself. Then, he saw her. Across the large bedroom, her back was facing him. She was sitting at the edge of the bed, facing towards the window. Craig knew instantly that Denise was naked. He watched as her naked back and right shoulder vigorously shook as she rubbed her clit. From the angle, he could only imagine that her left hand was putting fingers into her pussy. Another whimper came as she flipped her hair back and looked up. She then lay on her back, pulling her right leg up onto the bed and leaving her left foot on the ground. Craig was faced with her beautiful form. Her back was arched on the bed which allowed her breasts to rise high, led by her stiff nipples pointing straight up. Denise's right hand was stroking her clit vigorously inside her bent right leg. Her very wet pussy lips were spread open and she had three fingers from her left hand buried in it.

"Mmm, uhh, fuck me, mmm, uhgud, uhgud, I'm gonna come," she whispered aloud to herself as she let out a gasp and her right hand gripped her right tit as she began to shake with her mouth agape. She lay there for a second, occasionally spasming over the course of a minute. She then sat up. Her chest was heaving up and down as she attempted to catch her breath. She was still cupping her right breast with her slippery right hand. "Shew!" With that she got up and entered the bathroom.

Craig's ensuing shower was spent ramming his cock until he squirted his separate shower's wall. He got out, brushed his teeth and threw on some cologne before finding some loose-fitting boxers and a t-shirt. He stopped and looked at himself in the mirror. "Craig, if something happens, I don't know if you're going to be able to stop yourself. This girl is gorgeous, but she's your sister-in-law. You need to just go to bed and make it to tomorrow." Craig took a long gaze and then said, "Yeah, right," and left the room for downstairs.

Denise was already on the couch. She was lying under the felt blanket from earlier up to her waist and she wore what looked like a loose silky pink tank top. Craig sat in the chair across from her once he got to the bottom of the stairs. The only light in the room was from the television, which had on first, an infomercial, and then Denise flipped it to a movie. "Silk again," Craig asked.

"Polyester blend actually. What can I say, I like the feel," she responded. "Hey Craig, you can sit over here under the blanket if you want. There's plenty of room and it's not getting any warmer out there," she suggested innocently.

He gulped and got up, "Okay." As he went over to her, she flipped the blanket forward and quickly exposed her legs to him. She wore a matching bottom that was loose enough to allow him to see the bottom of her ass as the shorts moved between her legs. Instantly, the look was gone again. He was now under the blanket at the end of the couch trying to look past her at the television screen.

"Craig, can I put my feet on your lap? Would you mind," she asked wishing for him to say yes.

"Sure Denise." With her request, he scooted up towards her ass perhaps six inches further than what she seemed to ask. Denise didn't seem to mind. He was now nestled with her knees down on his lap, her knees bent creating a pocket that Craig nested in. He put his right hand on her blanketed left thigh, just like in the cab, with his left hand on her left calf. 

After a few minutes of silence and watching the b-movie on a movie channel, the temperature under the blanket began to rise. "Do you mind if I kick this off for a second," she asked him.

"No, it's a bit hot," he answered. She pushed the blanket forward and uncovered her beautiful legs to him again. The heat coming off of them was intense. 

"You know, I did dance a little tonight. Can you rub my legs so they're not sore tomorrow," Denise asked without looking down at him.

Without answering, he started to rub her left thigh. He then grabbed that ankle and extended the leg, leaving her right leg bent. His luck was impeccable. The loose polyester shorts stayed open and he could see her groomed pussy hair under the garment. She continued watching the movie. He started to take in the smell of her soap, her perfume, her skin. Slowly, he felt his dick start to grow again after the pounding he gave it in the shower. After ten minutes, he lifted her left leg up and put it over his head to put it behind his back. He wanted to work on her right leg, or maybe to just be between them. She laughed as he did it, pushing her left hand between her legs consciously closing the view into her loose fitting shorts. He started to move higher onto her right thigh. Denise was back watching the movie that Craig cared less and less about.

The skin on her thighs became more and more supple as he began to move towards the prize between her legs. She had moved slightly more on her back as her legs spread open more. Once again, he got a view at the sides of her pussy, but the shorts covered the center. As he began to build up courage, an interesting scene came onto the television. The love scene had the man sucking on the toes of a beautiful woman. The woman's skirt rode up exposing gartered stockings as the man went down on her. The soft-core scene was enough to really make him hard. He pulled Denise's leg against the bottom of his cock. She didn't flinch. After the scene was over, Denise looked down at him.

"Have you ever sucked Jennifer's toes," she asked him bluntly. 

"No, not Jennifer's. She's weird about that stuff," he asked a bit taken aback by her interruption to his grand plan.

"But you have," she continued to inquire.

"Yeah, I have. It's pretty intense for the woman. Hell, it was intense for me. I've had it done to me. Why? You don't like it," he asked her now curious of where she was going with this.

"Well, I've never had it done to me. Roger's not very experimental," she said and smiled invitingly.

"Are you asking me?" This was his ticket. She wouldn't be able to resist him once he started the toe treatment.

"Okay. If it's okay with you. I mean, it's nothing, right? I mean, it's not like we're doing anything," she tried to convince herself.

With that, he smiled and moved to sit on the arm of the couch. She propped herself up on her elbows looking down at him. Her right leg was bent at the knee. Her legs were together as he put her left foot on his right knee. "You sure," he asked her one last time.

"Yeah, before I change my mind."

Craig couldn't believe he was doing it. He started by simply sucking her big toe into his mouth like a lolly-pop. Instantly, Denise's hands went to her exposed midsection and her mouth went open. As he pulled the toe out, Craig gently ran his teeth along the toe's skin. This caused Denise to purse her lips. When he started to lightly lick the instep and gently bite it occasionally, he saw her mouth, 'Ahh, fuck," and close her eyes for a long second before resuming her glossy gaze. Next, Craig moved back to the toes and alternated sucking on each of the smaller toes and licking between them and under them. As he did this, he began running the fingertips of his left hand along the back of Denise's right thigh. With each stroke, he'd get closer and closer to her ass as well as between her legs. "Mmm Craig, that feels so damned good." That wasn't his only encouragement. Denise took her left hand and started to move it under her shirt, rubbing her left breast. Her mouth was now totally open. Next her legs were.

Craig threw her left foot over the back of the couch. He then lifted Denise's right foot to repeat the treatment on that one. When he did, Denise tried to cover her pussy with her right hand. Daringly, he put her foot on his left shoulder and took her hand away from her pussy. Left on the pink polyester was a darkened wet spot. His audacity made her gasp and she put her head back. Now, while he was sucking the toes of her right foot, he was using both hands to rub behind her right thigh. He pressed back on it, pushing it to her chest, then outward, and then letting up on the pressure. Denise's next move surprised him. With her left hand now openly rubbing her tits under her shirt, her right hand slipped below the waistband of her shorts and he could see her fingers rubbing her pussy.

The gravity of it all hit her at once. It had been two months since her husband had touched her intimately, let alone made love to her. She had let two total strangers manhandle her earlier in public. Now, her sweet, attractive, caring brother-in-law was now between her legs, inches from rubbing her pussy. She could smell her own arousal. She was enjoying the dirty feeling of what he was doing to her toes. She was tired of the tension, tired of feeling lonely, tired of waiting. She grunted hard and took both her hands and pushed down at the waistband of her shorts as she lifted her ass and then pulled back her knees to aid the effort. Because of where he was positioned, she could only get her right leg free, leaving the shorts dangling around the ankle of her left ankle. She reached up and grabbed the top of his head and smashed his face down between her legs.

Craig hardly knew what hit him. "There you go. Do it baby," she cried out as he started to lick her clit. With his left hand, he began fingering her pussy. She was unprepared and a little unsure as her obviously more experienced lover raised those fingers to her mouth. "I've never..." He never let her finish as he stuffed two fingers into her mouth. The taste wasn't as bad as she expected and she started to suck on the fingers until he pulled them out and reinserted them into her dripping pussy. "Oh you're so dirty. Make me dirty Craig."

Her moans motivated him. He started to move his mouth all around her pussy, using his hands to spread her wet inner thighs. Craig didn't know what she meant, but he went on instinct. He put his hands on each thigh and pushed back as hard as he could, leaving her anus up in the air. She quickly realized what he was going to do and a second of doubt entered her mind as she thought he would stick a finger in it. A boyfriend had done it to her once early in college during a heavy petting session, without warning and it hurt her bad. The doubt left when instead of a finger his tongue gently flicked the opening. "Oh fuck Craig. Never, felt, so, good...," her voice started to break as her breathing became unsteady. She again grabbed his head.

Then, he began to rise between her legs. When he came face to face with her, she saw that his face was covered with her own juices. Before she could think, he kissed her. She reciprocated wantonly after some initial hesitation. At some point, Craig had slipped off his boxers. Now, the swollen head of his cock was at her opening. "Are you sure," he asked her. "Oh God, yes. I need it. I need it now. It's been too long," she cried out in frustration. The back of her feet spurred at his ass and pulled him into her. For a second, they both froze. His cock was different than Roger's. It wasn't longer, but definitely thicker and an initial pain registered in her. Then, he started a pace as her juices lubed and her pussy swallowed his cock.

It didn't take long for the mental images from the night prior to well up inside each of them. The culmination of their thoughts, their actions, and their desires on this strange, but sexy day was about to occur. She felt him start to pump faster and harder and she felt the tingling of her pussy walls. The balls slapping against her ass along with the slapping sounds of his hips running into her pelvis as sweat and fluids ran between them pushed her over the edge. Her face contorted into a grimace as he began to grunt loudly. She finally exhaled as the blood that had built up in her face was released, and she yelled at the top of her lungs, "Ohh, fuck me, fuck me, uhgud, uhgud, don't stop, fuck me. Cum inside of me!"

And he did. He never came that hard in his life as he came to the end of his intense orgasm. His body shook just as hers did. They held each other tightly and he slowly kissed her neck before collapsing on her body. She stayed wrapped around him for minutes before whispering in his ear.
