 With the sudden irritating sound of the alarm clock, I knew that morning had come too soon. It was again the start of a new school year. As usual I wasn't looking forward to it, despite the fact that it was my senior year, but who are we kidding no one wants summer to end. Anyways, the morning seem extraordinarily slow as would be expected on the first day of school. I get to school, talk to some friends , check my schedule you know, the same old high school routine. Always keeping an eye on all the girls that walk by; Who by now look more like young women then just chicks. One of them occasionally looks my way, but I doubt that I could ever be so luck as to spend a night with any of them. You know there type, preppy, popular, and beautiful. I, on the other hand, am much different. Tall, skinny, pale, and with a slight definition of muscle tone. I’m also how shall I say...artsy? Meaning that i tend to dress away from the norm, so I’m not exactly the most popular kid in school if you catch my drift. 

But, I digress, the school day went by as usual until 4th period class. Which in my case is choir, due to the lack of extra-curricular activities on my transcripts. I walked into class and got reacquainted with the people from last years class. That’s when I heard that there was a new choir teacher. Before I could ask who, a very attractive women walked into the room. She was smaller maybe around 5'3", with brown hair, and hazel eyes. Overall, a very petite women. She was wearing a white blouse, with a small jean shirt. She had smooth facial features, gorgeous legs, and a nice tight little ass by the looks of it. She then announce that she is our new choir teacher and we are to call her Mrs. C. She look young, maybe in her early twenties. I simply couldn't take my eyes off her, she was one of the prettiest women I had ever seen. I had to try my hardest not to stare, and tried to absorb some of the lesson she was teaching us. Then about 10 minutes into the class, she was scanning our faces, for anyone who might not have been paying attention, and when she came to my face, she stopped and we made eye contact. I could instantly see her become flustered and she had obviously lost her train of thought because she repeated sentence she had just started. Then I thought, "nahhh, she could think that way about me...can she?" With that the bell rang for the end of the period, it went by so fast, it seemed that it had just started. None the less I backed up my things and began to walk toward the door. As I approached the door, an hand reached out and taped my shoulder.

It was Mrs. C, "would you come into my office for a sec?" she asked with a smile. I kindly said yes, and followed her into her office off the choir room. As I walked in she closed the door behind her. This is when things stop being normal. She began to ask me a few questions, and with each question taking a slow casual step towards me. 

"How’s school been for you so far?"

"Good, but its hard to tell on the first day."

"Have you been a choir student long?"

"No, just since last year."

"Do you like choir?"

"Yea, I suppose."

"What do you think of me?" At this point she was less than six inches away from me. Her breasts lightly touched my chest. She slowly began to trace my abs with her pointer finger. All the time looking me straight in the eye. I began to sweat, I didn't know what to do, was this really happening? Then she pulled my head down and kissed me full on the lips, I slowly felt her tongue enter my mouth. I felt her other hand reach around and grab my ass. I followed suit and grabbed her ass with both hands, being sure to get a good grip, but gentle at the same time. Her ass was so firm, yet still had a little movement to it. I couldn't believe I was actually making out with my teacher. She slowly pulled her head way and made eye contact with me again. Needless to say, by now I pretty hard and wondering where this was going. She then reached over and grabbed a small piece of paper on her desk. It was a pass, to see her after school. "If you want more, meet me here, after school at 3 o'clock sharp". It was then that I finally let go of her ass and felt her let go of mine. 

The rest of the day seemed to take forever. It was impossible to focus on what the class was or what the teacher was saying. All I could think of was that kiss and her sweet, little, plump ass. School finally let out and i took my time packing up my stuff because I didn't need to go home on the bus. I walked into the choir room, and into her office at exactly 3 o'clock. She however was not there, i figured she was probably covering for herself so no one would come walking in on us. I took of my backpack and really examined the room. It was a rather small room, at one end a small, black desk, and at the other end a small brown couch with two pillows on it; one at either end. Just then she walked in, closed the door behind her, and locked it. 

"So...you want some more hu? You like what you got before?" she said with a naughty grin on her face. I simply smiled and looked her up and down. She slowly slipped off her jean skirt to reveal a black thong. I gave a soft moan of anticipation. "Now you" She said suggestively. I slowly unbuckled my belt and slipped off my pants. She then walked over, took my shirt, and began to kiss me softly on the lips. Placing her arms around my neck ever so softly. Almost naturally, I began to unbutton her blouse. As I got lower and lower on her blouse she began to kiss me harder and harder. She paused to slip off her blouse to expose her perky, ample breasts in a very teasing bra. She kissed me again and slipped her tongue into my mouth, gently moving it in a counter clockwise motion. I reached around and undid the clasp on her bra with one hand, as i fondled her ass with the other. I then began to gently massage her breasts, trying to be as gentle as possible. I began to speed up but she stopped kissing me and told me to slow down. She then ordered me to go sit on the couch. I was a good little boy and did as I was told. I walked over and sat down on the couch, trying to hide as much of my anticipation and excitement as possible. she walked over, went down on her knees and slipped of my boxers. Then she began to lick my already hard cock. Starting at the top working her way down, then sticking it in and out of her mouth in a slow rhythm. I let out a soft grunt of pleasure, and quick tried to focus on the desk to prolong the inevitable. I glanced down just in time to she her move her hand down the front of her thong. She began to pump her hand in-sink with sucking my cock. After a couple minutes I could tell she was getting ready to orgasm. I stopped her from sucking my cock and told her lay down. She did, and I crawled over and slipped off her thong, feeling her thighs up and down as I did so. I gently spread her legs, exposing her wet slit. I slowly penetrated her, and saw her bit the bottom of her lip. I got into a nice slow rhythm, again trying to restrain myself from cumming. She then firmly said, “harder!”. I complied, but still maintained my slow rhythm. She arched her back and moaned. I started to ram her faster and harder. She moaning more frequently, and started breathing harder. I began to massage her breasts as I continued to fucker her harder and harder. She let out a load moan and I couldn’t contain myself any longer. After releasing my self in her, I pulled out of her soaking pussy, and laid down on the floor next to her. 

The floor was cold, it felt good on my sweaty back. We both laid there, catching our breath, neither of us moving a muscle. After 5 minutes or so, so rolled over on her side and draped her leg, lazily over mine, placing her arm on my chest as she did so. We laid there like that for what seem like hours, it was beautiful. Then I propped myself up on one elbow to get a good look at her. I quick looked at her from head to toe and back. I moved the hair out of her face with my free arm, to get a real good look at her face. She smiled and we looked deep into each others eyes. I then rolled her over flat on her stomach. I straddled her, and began to massage her back and shoulders. She was already pretty lose but this seemed to loosen her up even more. She moaned softly as I felt some of her bones crack. After a through massage, I gently lifted her ass into the air until she could support it. Moving my around to her waist, I gently began to penetrate her wetness. She moved her arms out in front of her to prevent herself from moving forward. She let out a couple moans, before repeating “harder!”. I then started to ram her hard, she moaned and propped herself onto her hands and knees. She lifted her head back into the air as she took a deep breath. I could see her breasts swaying back and forth as I went in and out. She glanced back, and I could see she had a pained look on her face. But that just got me hotter. I rammed her faster and faster, with each motion she let out a soft moan. I arched my back and lifted back, as I pulled her as close to me to get as far in as possible before releasing myself. She gasped as I did so, and looked back at me again. I felt all my muscles weakening as I sat back and propped myself up on my arms. She laid down and rolled over onto her back again, catching her breath. I could tell that, by how quickly she caught her breath, that she did not get the same pleasure out of that as I did. So with the little strength I had left, I crawled over spread her legs, and lowered my head to her gaping wetness. As I began to lick her insides she moaned almost instantly. I adjust the position of my head and saw her clit. I began to lick it softly as she gasped again. I then felt her hands on the back of my head. Using this as my signal I began to lick her clit furiously. Her hands started moving all over my hair. She then suddenly grabbed a big clump of my hair and moaned loudly. I could feel the rest of her body wriggling. Then I felt her wetness flow onto my lips in a steady stream. I pulled back and wiped her excess wetness off my lips. 

I then picked her up into my arms, because it was obvious that she was going to be able to move for awhile, and gently laid her down onto the couch, resting her head on a pillow. I sat down on the other end of the couch and placed her feet in my lap. At this point I practically had no strength left either, so I just sat there and catched my breath, as I lightly rubbed her feet.

“That was amazing!” she said softly in between breaths.

“Well I did what I could, what more can I say?”

She then climbed over and straddled me. I gently moved my hands up and down her waist, while looking her straight in the eye. She then grabbed hold of my shoulders and began to fuck me. I moved my hands down around to her ass, and pulled her in closer each time she humped me. Her nipples were hard, protruding off her large breasts that bounced up and down in front of my face. I began to alternate sucking her nipples, licking then first teasingly the kissing and sucking them. She must have like this because she began to fuck me harder. I could hear her heart beating faster through her chest as she moaned. She then fucked me even harder before she arched her back and moaned loudly. I pulled her even closer to me as I did this, leaving my face between her soft breast. I felt her wetness flow around my cock as I released myself again. I lifted her off me and rested her body back onto the couch, but this time I laid right next to her. We laid there, our sweaty bodies entangled in each others limbs, catching out breath. 

I took my eyes off her for a second to glance at the clock. It was nearly 4:30, I had to get ready to catch the activity bus. My face must have shown my disappointment because she untangled herself from me and looked disappointed herself. I gently reached over and caressed her face with my hand as I looked deep into her eyes. I kiss her one last time on the lips before I got and walked over to my pile of cloths. I grabbed my boxers and slipped them on. Then grabbed pants and started putting them on. Then suddenly I felt her turn me around, she look me straight in the eye, then she glanced down and slowly zipped my pants. Then she picked up my shirt and slipped it on me, making sure to touch every crevasse on my chest. I followed her lead, and picked up her thong. I slowly pulled it up her legs, feeling the full length of the legs as I did so. I gave her ass a little squeeze I finished putting on her thong. I was sure to gently massage her breasts as I put on her bra, she kissed my neck softly as I clasped it. I then picked up her blouse and felt every curve from her arms to her waist as I put it on her. Casually, I walked around behind her and helped her button up her blouse. I softly kissed the side of her neck, as she had did to me before. She then pulled up her skirt and buttoned it. I then help her tuck it in while I continued to kiss her neck. As I got around to the front of her waist, I gently rubbed her slit through her thong. She moan once, and I pulled out my hand and turned her around. She through her arms around my neck, and I placed my hands on her waist. We looked each other in the eye and smiled. 

“I was really amazing!” She said with a small giggle. 

“I’m going to have to agree with you there. Right now I’m just wondering if we could do this again tomorrow.” She moved her face closer to mine until I could feel her breath on my face. 

“Actually, I was thinking next time we could go somewhere more comfortable.” She said in a hushed whisper.

“Do you have some place in mind?” I whispered back.

“Well yes, my bedroom” She whispered. I must have looked surprised because she giggled when she saw my face. “I’m free all night this Friday. Do you think you could swing by sometime then?” She said suggestively.

“Yea I think I could I find a way to get there.” She then let go of my shoulders, walked over to her desk, and started writing down directions to her house. She bent over as she did so, giving me one last look at her ass. She finally wiped around and handed me the directions.

“I can get there around 4 o’clock after school, is that ok?”

“That’s fine, as long as you can stay over so we can have fun all…night …long!” I then pulled her close and kissed her one last time. I then picked up my backpack, swung it on and walked towards the door. I felt her smack my ass as I walked out, I looked back and she was giggling. 

“I see you tomorrow in class!” She screamed after me.

“I’ll be there!” I yelled back. I walked around the corner and leaned up against the wall. I couldn’t believe what just happened. I had just fucked my teacher, not once but three times! Three incredible times! And what’s more amazing is she invited me over this Friday night to do it again! I just stood there in awe. I quick composed myself and continued on towards the buses. As amazing as that afternoon was. I knew it was nothing compared to what would happen Friday night.