 “Hey babe! Can you guess what I'm doing?” Her velvet voice drifted through the telephone. Darin blinked. He’d not expected that kind of opening. Usually Anna chattered happily on the phone for hours, without ever coming to the point. This directness was quite unexpected from her. With a mental shrug, Darin decided to play along. 

“Thinking of me?” he replied. He was rewarded with a soft laugh from the others side of the line. “I'm having a bath.” The statement was confirmed by the splashing of water in the background. “But I'm all lonely…”

“Ha! So you are thinking of me!” 

“Oh yeah baby, always… but tonight I want you to do something for me.” 

“Anything you want babe, your loverboy is at your command!” 

“Can you come over tonight?” 

Darin thought quickly. He could always tape his favourite show, and besides, what was TV compared to spending a night with his girlfriend? 

“Sure gorgeous. When do you want me?” 

“As soon as possible! Give me 30 minutes and I'll have everything ready.” 

“Sounds mysterious. What are you planning?” Anna laughed softly, the sound coupled with splashing from the bath. “You'll find out soon enough…”

Darin parked his car in Anna’s drive-way. It was 7 o’clock and the sun had just set. All the windows were dark, and there was a stillness around the house that created a mysterious atmosphere. He walked up the footpath and went to ring the doorbell, but found the door already open, and only lent-to. He entered. 

The hallway was lit by at small lavender candle, sitting on the low hallway table and throwing flickering amber shadows on the walls. Darin closed the door softly behind him, and called Anna’s name. No answer came. He continued walking down the hallway, hoping to catch a clue of Anna’s whereabouts.

Suddenly, two firm but gentle hand placed themselves over his eyes. Darin started slightly and smiled. His reaction was rewarded with a small giggle. “Trust me baby,” Anna whispered in his ear and planted a small kiss on the side of his neck. Darin relaxed, and allowed himself to be led on to the veranda.

It was a warm night in December, a pleasant 27 degrees and a tiny breath of air stirring the curtains on the portieres. Anna’s house was small but airy, with a lush tropical style garden overlooking the Swan River. The veranda was in reality a wooden deck with a table and some chairs, and a large whirlpool set into the far end. Darin could tell that she had led him outside, but when she took her hands off his eyes, he blinked with surprise. The whirlpool was whirring quietly and the veranda was lit by two standing chandeliers, each holding a multitude of tea lights in their arms. On the table were laid out platters with fruits and a bottle of champagne. 

“What…?” Darin turned around and looked at Anna with complete surprise. 

“Surprise!” she said, giving him another of her angelic smiles and kissed him fully on the mouth. It didn’t take him long to respond. Her tongue slid softly along his lower lip, and he opened his mouth to accept the invitation. Her arms wrapped themselves around his neck, and his hands cupped her breasts. She gave a small moan as he stated to rotate his hands and tweaked her nipples. Then she broke the kiss. 

“Not so soon. I have something else planned first.” She took him by the hand and led him over to the table. She took a half chocolate-covered strawberry from the platter and held it teasingly to my face. “I have some refreshments for us.” Darin took the proffered delight and savoured the delicious combination of fresh strawberry and sweet sultry chocolate. Anna watched his expression, smiling with satisfaction. 

“Want more?” she asked.

“From you baby, always.” She laughed again and popped another strawberry in his mouth. Then she turned around to the table and began pouring the chilled champagne. Darin’s eyes slid over her beautiful figure and her long honey caramel golden hair. Not quite blond, but not brown either, it was a source of constant amazement to him. It never frizzed or misbehaved, at least when he had seen it. Her neck was slender and graceful, with lots of sensitive spots that made her shiver all over. Her back and waist spoke volumes about her fitness routine that included yoga and regular early-morning swims at the beach. Her derriere was rounded and just the right size. It always reminded him of an oversized and incredibly beautiful peach. 

He smiled at himself. And she was all his. Lucky, lucky bastard. 

They sat down at the table and savoured the delicious evening air. Their conversation flowed easily, as it always had. They talked and laughed and revelled in each other’s company. One thing that they both cherished in their relationship was that they were friends as well as lovers. When they first started going out, they had spent quite some time just talking and getting to know each other. It was only after about a month that they first had sex. Of course they had kissed and petted before, but they didn’t want to break their new friendship with something they weren’t ready for.

“Don’t eat too many babe, we’ve still got dinner to go!” Anna chided Darin, who was reaching for yet another strawberry. She got up and disappeared into the house, and then came out carrying a large Cesar salad. She was a fabulous cook, and had the knack of serving something delicious without it being too filling or heavy. After they had both finished, Anna wanted to carry the dishes inside, but Darin made her stay seated wile he did the honours. 

Anna had just gotten up and refilled the champagne glasses when she felt his arms locking around her waist. She hadn’t heard him come outside again. His strong muscular arms held her in a tight embrace, and he was kissing her neck with such light gentleness, that she felt a hot rush between her legs. 

“You are the most beautiful woman in the world,” he breathed into her ear. “I don’t know what you see in a guy like me, but I'm so damned happy that you do.” 

Anna turned around in his arms and looked into his eyes. They were a deep hazel with little green specks and long curling lashes. 

“This, I see in you,” she said, and kissed him gently. Darin’s hand came up to her face and cupped her cheek. The kiss turned more urgent, and their tongues circled rapidly around each other, tasting, devouring, wanting more. Anna’s hands slid down Darin’s chest to his crotch, feeling his cock through his jeans. Darin’s hand squeezed and rubbed her tits with a tender firmness that was passionate but not aggressive. Darin was never aggressive. He was sweet and sensitive, and that was what Anna loved about him. After a couple of assholes who had used and then discarded her, he was her first boyfriend who loved and respected her for what she was. 

Her handed rubbed his cock firmly through his jeans, and Darin’s breathing was growing faster. Then, she reluctantly broke the kiss to look into his face. Her eyes were bright and his lips were parted.

“Lets get into the whirlpool.” With that she started stripping off her skirt and top, but stopped when she noticed he was still staring at her. With a slow smile, she turned her back on him, and peeled off her skirt very slowly, bending over a bit, and making sure he was getting a full view of her beautiful ass. Then she faced him again and began the same process with her top, exposing her simple but well-fitting bra. She cupped her breast and squeezed them slightly, enjoying both the feeling and Darin’s expression. Then she unlatched the clasp and let it slip down her arms. Her panties were the same simple style as her bra, but outlined her curves beautifully. She slid them down her long shapely legs, staring directly into Darin's eyes. She stood before him fully nude. He led out a breath.

“Come on lover boy! Last in the pool is a nincompoop!” she giggled and bounced away. 

Darin shed his clothes in record time and followed Anna to the whirlpool, carefully balancing the champagne glasses on the strawberry platter. He set the platter down carefully next to the rim and lowered himself gingerly into the water. Anna had closed her eyes and was blissfully relaxing in the hot frothy liquid. The soft light from the hundreds of small candles scattered around the veranda threw golden shadows on her skin. Her small but firm breasts were jutting out of the water with the little pink nipples fully erect. 

Darin leaned forward and kissed one of those firm globes. He couldn’t help it: they looked just so plain... kissable. Anna opened her eyes and smiled at him. She arched her back, inviting him to continue. Darin’s kiss moved over those pink bud and his tongue swirled around them, tasting their stiffness. He moved from his bench and kneeled in front of her, his fingers softly kneading one of her nipples. Anna moaned and he took it into his mouth and started suckling on it gently, flicking it with he tip of his tongue. Anna’s hands ran through his soft hair and he increased his sucking, eliciting another, louder moan from her. He switched his attention to the other nipple, while his fingers continued their caressing of her soft round globe. Anna’s head was laid back on the rim of the tub and her eyes closed in pleasure. Darin’s cock was hard and fully erect, begging for attention, but he ignored his own need in favour of satisfying this gorgeous woman in front of him. He moved his tongue from Anna’s nipple to her neck and nuzzled and tasted the soft skin just behind her earlobe. Anna’s arms moved from his hair to his shoulders, pulling closer. Her mouth searched and found his lips, kissing him and sucking his tongue into her warm mouth. They kissed for minutes, lost in each other, their tongues swirling playfully around each other. Anna broke the kiss, and crooned in his ear.

“Ooh baby... you make feel so sexy... I want you so much!” Darin smiled and circled her waist with his arms. In one smooth motion he lifted her up on the rim of the whirlpool. He stood up in front of her, his cock erect and red. He pushed her shoulders slightly and she lay back on her back obediently, her eyes never leaving his. He spread her legs apart and gazed at her pussy and her curly caramel thatch of pubic hair, neatly trimmed. God, how he loved that sight. He traced a line up the inside of her thigh with his fingers, stopping just short of her pussy lips. He repeated the action on the other thigh, again stopping just short of his goal. Anna’s hand moved down to massage her clit, but he took it away gently, smiling cheekily down at her. He got up and retrieved the forgotten half-eaten platter of strawberries. 

He placed it beside her and picked one juicy red berry with a generous coat of milk and dark chocolate. He moved the strawberry all around her lips, teasing them and enjoying her response. Then he pushed the berry into Anna’s waiting pussy. She moaned and closed her eyes. Darin lowered his mouth over her pussy and started suckling her clit. Anna cried out and moaned more loudly, her legs jerking involuntarily. Cheered on by this response, Darin sucked harder, flicking the tip of his tongue across it a few times. The he moved his attentions to the strawberry still buried in her sopping folds. He drove his tongue deep into her opening, using his index to continue rubbing her clit at the same time. He could feel the texture of the berry, rough and in sharp contrast to the silky smooth sides of her pussy. The chocolate had begun to melt and its taste was flavoured with her juices. He licked and sucked for all he was worth, and Anna’s hips began to move, and she moaned, her hand pushing his face closer to her pussy. “Oooh, baby, don’t stop... oh shit that feels good, gnnnh... ooh, oh god...” Darin redoubled his efforts, licking and sucking his girlfriend’s cunt to catch that sweet chocolate treat. Eventually he managed to extract it, just at the same time Anna started to climax. She was moaning loudly, her hips bucking hard in his face, and Darin tasted a hot rush of her juices. He continued to tongue-fuck her sopping cunt and rubbing her clit, savouring the heady smell of her cum. 

Anna continued to whimper and her hips bucked uncontrollably. Then with a shudder, Darin could feel the muscles in her pussy contract and with a final hot gush of cum Anna climaxed. 

Darin lifted his face off her pussy and gazed down at his girlfriend. She was lying limp, breathing heavily with her hair spread all around her head, her eyes closed. He reached out to brush a wayward strand from her face, and she opened her eyes. “Mmmmh... that was soo good...” She rolled over and moved her legs. Then her eyes fell on Darin’s roaring hard-on, red and throbbing. “Oh my goodness!” she laughed. “He’s feeling neglected! Well... we can always change that. My turn!” She pushed Darin on his back on the place she had just vacated. 

She got up, feeling Darin’s eyes on her naked body as she moved to pick up the champagne glasses. Returning, she kneeled down next to Darin, and took a sip. 

“Strawberries and champagne... what a feast!” she giggled. Then she lowered herself over her lover’s cock and licked off the stream of precum that was leaking from the tip. Her tongue swirled over the engorged head, feeling the skin and savouring the taste. She looked up, and saw Darin’s jaw clenched and his eyes closed in an effort to control himself. She smiled. Good. After what he had done to her, she was going to repay him in full... 

She picked up one champagne glass and drizzled some of the cool liquid on his hot cock. Darin sucked in his breath and let it out with with a soft moan. Quickly, not wanting to waste any of the champagne, Anna bent over and lapped it up. The mixture of her warm tongue and of the cool bubbly liquid sent shivers down Darin’s spine. Anna repeated the process several times, pouring some of the champagne on the tip of his cock and catching it with her tongue, taking time to lick the sensitive underside, and swirling her tongue over the head. Darin moaned and took hold of her head. He started to pump his hips, thrusting his cock deep into her into her mouth. Anna opened it as far as she could and concentrated on taking as much of him as possible. Her hand was gripping the shaft and stroking it in time with his thrusts. Darin started to pump faster and faster, groaning and breathing heavily. Anna could feel his cock stiffening and then feel a hot spurt of his cum shoot into her mouth. She moaned as well, and swallowed his sticky seed, sucking harder, wanting more. Finally there was no more, and she moved upwards to kiss his lips. 

“The whirlpool is still going... do you want to come in for a soak?” she whispered into his ear. Darin looked up at her with a dazed blissful look with not the least of understanding, lost in his own little world. So she just curled up next to him and dozed off for a while, cradled in his arms... 

When Darin woke up, it was truly dark, and a little chilly. The wind had picked up, and the wooden deck was getting mighty hard. He looked down at Anna, who was still sleeping, curled up against the chill. So he picked her up and carried her into the house. He went straight up the stairs to her bedroom and set her down on the silken bed. She wasn’t one to waste time on stupid luxury items, but these opulent purple satin sheets was one of the few that she allowed herself. The bed itself was huge, filling most of the room. On one side was a small chest of drawers and the doors to the walk-in robe, on the other the glass doors to the balcony. 

Darin watched his girlfriends sleep. Her long shapely legs and torso were golden tanned, with her breasts and butt the only creamy white areas. He reached out and closed his hand around one of her breasts, weighing its soft weight in his palm. He rubbed his thumb lightly over her pink nipple, which puckered up and stood to attention. Then he moved his hand further down her body, caressing her stomach and thighs, feeling the velvety smoothness of her skin. When he looked up, he saw her blue eyes resting on him. He smiled down at her, and she smiled back. She sat up and draped her arms over his shoulders. Silently she stared into his eyes. Then she kissed him, softly and without haste. Her lips were soft and warm, and Darin caressed her back and his fingers through her hair. He could feel himself rising, responding to her body. 

After a while, Anna’s kisses became stronger and more passionate. He broke the kiss and moved to her neck, nibbling, licking, and placing little butterfly-kisses all over her sensitive skin. She knew he wanted her. Enough with the foreplay, he badly needed to bury his cock in her cunt. Anna felt the same, for she reached down and started stroking his shaft with quick and deft strokes. He moaned and caught her around the waist, and turned her around onto all fours. He moved behind her and started caressing her beautiful butt-cheeks. His cock was pulsating, needing her hot hole. He could see her red wet lips from his vantage, wide and inviting and couldn’t stand it any longer. He placed his head in front of her opening, and dove inside. Anna cried out with the sudden feeling, and started to push her hips into his pelvis. He started to pump rhythmically into her hole, feeling the heat and slick wetness envelope him. He pushed harder and faster, needing real release, wanting all of her. Anna cried out and pushed back hard on each of his strokes. “Oh baby, oh yeah, fuck me, fuck me like you’ve never fucked me before! Oh baby, I can feel your hot cock inside me oh fuck oh I need you oh ooh gnnh oh fuuuuuck!” she yelled out and Darin could feel her muscles contract around his shaft, and could feel himself climax. He buried his cock in her cunt with one last stroke and shot his load. Then he collapsed, totally sated, on top of Anna’s back. 



~ End of Part One ~



The Perfect Weekend – Part Two



The smell of bacon and eggs was delicious. Darin turned over and saw the sun shining through the open veranda doors. Outside, the table was set, overlooking the glittering waters of the river. Anna bustled in with a steaming pot of coffee. She set it down on the table and then came over to the bed. She kissed his forehead and whispered “Good morning baby! Breakfast is served!”

The bacon and eggs tasted just as delicious as they smelled. The couple savoured the relative peace of a relatively early Sunday morning. Most of the neighbours were still sleeping, and the only people to be seen along the foreshore were the indomitable joggers and walkers so common in this beautiful city. When they had finished, Darin made a move to clear the table. Anna slapped his wrist and tutted. “Leave those alone! I’ve got something much better to do.” She beckoned him inside, and told him to sit while she went off rummaging in one of her drawers. Finally she came out with a wrapped package. She handed it to him. “Unpack it! I bought it for myself the other day...” She gave him a cheeky grin. Darin ripped off the wrapping paper and laughed. Inside was a large vibrator. 

“I’m insulted! Aren’t I good enough for you?!” he laughed in mock offence. Anna looked up at him, her grin growing. 

“I thought maybe we could break it in today...” 

“Hmm... could we now..?” Darin grinned back at her. 

Anna laughed and pushed him onto his back playfully. Then she straddled him and started kissing him wildly. Darin could feel himself responding. He loved it when she was playful, so full of mischief. He let her get away with it for a little longer, but then he grabbed her by the shoulders and rolled himself around. She laughed out in mock protest, but it was no use. She was now pinned beneath him, her arms caught under his legs, giggling uncontrollably. He reached for the vibrator, and studied it ponderously. “Let’s see... What can we do with this...?” He flicked the switch, and it started whirring softly. “Fresh batteries, huh?” he winked. Anna giggled even more. He touched the tip to her navel. Anna started squirming and laughing. She was extremely ticklish. Darin moved the vibe around her stomach, to her neck, and touching her nipples. She arched her back in response, closed her eyes and gave herself over to the feeling. She moaned when Darin took one nipple in his mouth and started suckling, while his hand was guiding the vibrator down her stomach and towards her pussy. 
