 The Second Memento

I walked into the room naked and hot as the heat of the day racked the house and the fans barely moved the hot air. Holding my glass I looked into my magic box of memories and my eye was caught by something I saw there. My fingers dipped into the box and found the object I had seen and I pulled it out of the box. I held scarves, six brightly coloured silk scarves that smelt of you and I remembered how they had come to be here. 

Candles lit the house as I waited for you in the semi-darkness. I was naked and touched my cock every now and again to keep it hard for you. You would be home soon and I thought on what I was planning to when you got home. An evil grin would have been seen on my face as I waited for you to return to the house. Then I heard the sound of a key being rattled in the lock and then the sudden opening of the door. You reached for the light-switch and swore as the light did not work. 

I heard your shoes strike the floor and you fumble into the room and stop as you looked at the light. Then you felt my hand across your mouth and my other hand across your body. You flailed about trying to stop me from dragging you away from the door. You fought like a wildcat and I felt you ready to strike me. 

I whispered into your ear, "Stop struggling and you won't be hurt." 

You stopped as you heard my voice and I felt a slight smile as you realised that this was a game that we were about to play with each other. As you lay limply in my hands I took you to the chairs and the table I had arranged. I bent you over the table and tied you to the chair with silk scarves. They circled your wrists securely and held you to the chair. I pulled open your shirt exposing your bra. With a firm twist of my fingers I pushed the bra beneath your breasts and was pleased to see it push the flesh up as though it was being offered to me.

I placed the piano stool beneath your hips. This forced your hips and buttocks into the air and I swiftly pulled up your skirt to tie scarves about your thighs forcing your legs open as I tied the cloth to the wooden legs of the stool. 

I pulled your skirt further above your hips and taking a pair of scissors I cut your panties away from your body so that you were naked from the waist down. Your pussylips were swollen as I felt your arousal as I made your body vulnerable to anything I wanted to do with it. Finally I pulled a scarf through your mouth and tied it loosely so you were gagged but could also tell me stop if you did not want to continue our game. 

I then blindfolded you. 

I looked at you vulnerable and without any way to protect yourself and took the ice cube I had brought into the room. You gasped as I ran it over your ass-cheeks and along your hot pussy lips and I saw you shiver with the coolness yet that shiver was as much for arousal as for the cold. I had thought to drip oil onto you but the sight of you so vulnerable and exposed was too much for me and I knelt behind your naked ass and I press my lips against your thick pussy lips. 

I heard your groan as I played my hard flesh over yours and there was a flush of juice that escaped from your juicy pussy as you came with the insistent thrusting of my tongue into your pussy. I pulled your lips apart exposing the hood of your clit. Then holding you open I licked and massaged your clit with my tongue. You came and I felt the music flow to the sound of you cumming. You ground your pussy hard against my face as you came and I licked along the lips and against your clit again. I licked vigorously at your pussy feeling your body ride the roller-coaster of arousal and orgasm. 

I held my cock in my hand and masturbated slowly and carefully waiting until I feel you ready for me. I wanted to thrust my cock deep into you and feel you cum. I lifted myself so that I can bring my cock to your engorged pussy lips coated by your cum and my saliva. I eased my cock slowly into you and then thrust hard and deep into you with a quick thrust and felt and heard you cry with me as I begin to fuck you. 

Your pussy gripped and slid over my cock as I rammed my hard flesh deep into your pussy. I heard you groan as I felt the familiar shudder of your cumming. The feel of your pleasure, made me drive deeper into you. I did not stop and I pushed deeper and further into you with each thrust of me hard cock and I quickly felt my balls tighten and cum shoot through my gifts to come deep in your body. I sprayed my cum into you and your pussy muscles try to milk my cock of all of the cum I held.

Finally I could give no more and I slipped from your pussy. I rested for a short time and then untied the scarves whispering to you as I did so, 

"Welcome home. Have you had a good day today?" I asked.