 My cock was coated in precum as I stroked and remembered your body thrusting against mine and I wanted you then so much so that I would have left the room and sought you out. Then my fingers lifted another photo this was of me clothed in shorts and a t-shirt, my head was covered by a hat and I grinned into the camera resting on a shovel obviously working in the garden. There were clouds that were in the background that were dark and threatening and spoke of a storm to come. I remembered that day and stroked my cock harder aiming to cum soon.

The day was sultry the clouds dark and threatening with rain that would soon start. Heat seemed to seep through the air, ground and every surface. I sweated and felt my clothes stick to my body as I worked and smoothed the spot in the garden that would be our hot tub. I heard a sound behind me to see you camera in hand taking a photo. 

"Well some proof that you do work," you laughed as you snapped the picture.

I treated that comment with the silence that it deserved and leapt upon you and tickled you without mercy until you were on the lawn begging for me to stop. Taking that as submission I let go of you and you pulled my shorts to my ankles and ripped them from my body leaving me naked from the waist down. You fled around the garden waving my shorts above your head as I chased you. Tackling you to the ground I pulled your t-shirt and bra from your body as you ripped my teeshirt from mine leaving me naked but for my shoes. As you were doing this I pulled your shorts and panties off and felt your struggling naked body beneath mine. 

I felt a drop of rain hit my back it was soon followed by others as our play changed from wrestling to fondling and caressing. I felt your lips against my shoulder as I kissed and nibbled at your earlobes and felt your soft breasts rub across my chest as my cock grew harder with our playing. Already your nipples pressed into my chest.

The heavens opened up above us and rain pored across our bodies making the soil beneath us turn to mud that cradled and painted our bodies and stained them brown. I was between your legs as we kissed deeply, nipples were hard and driving into our flesh as we rubbed our chests back and forth over each other. Lightning and thunder crashed about us I think but we were oblivious to what was happening about us only that we were making love. My cock was hard and seeking to thrust into you, so that I could slake my thirst for you and I knew that you were feeling the same way about me.

My body held yours beneath me as the thunder crashed about us. As my body pressed between yours you pulled your legs either side of my body opening your pussy and allowing my cock to enter your hot wet hole. Taking my cock you guided it to the head of your pussy. Once there I slid easily into you and felt you pull me into you until I could go no further. As my cock thrust into you our mouths were locked together, our tongues meshed and your legs locked themselves over my back.

As I thrust my hard cock into you, your hands scratched furrows in my back. I felt the muscles in your pussy hold and let go of my cock as I filled you with my thrusting flesh. I did not think but felt my need and desire for you grow stronger as I drove my cock into you again and again. I felt more than heard you cum as you gasped your pleasure into my ear and it drove me to be harder and faster as I plunged frantically into your willing body. 

I felt your nails pinch into my flesh as you came again with my cock pinning you into the mud and the rain that ran over us in sheets. Then as I could no longer hold any longer and my cock shot its load deep in your pussy and held it there as I pumped my cum into you. As I ground my body hard against yours as my cock sprayed my cum into your pussy. Finally I ended and my cock shrunk and slipped from your body. It seems an age before I pulled you to your feet and the rain washed us clean of the mud before we fled naked into the house and to further pleasures.