 I caught up to her in a secluded corner of the school, a sort of student lounge. She was sitting there in one of the many cushy chairs with her head back, staring blankly at the ceiling, muttering something I couldn't quite hear. 

"Aislin?" I asked quietly, anticipating a heavy object (like her backpack) to my head, or at least a scream. 

I got neither.

Without looking down to me she said simply, "Mr. Haseman," as if that were the proper response.

"Look, Aislin, what you saw back there..." I trailed off, not sure how to finish. 

"Yeah...I'm sorry," she replied. 

Wait, what? SHE was sorry? Sorry for what? She didn't do anything wrong, I was the wrong one, the twisted, dirty man that masturbated while thinking of her. 

"Yeah," she said, still not looking at me. "Sorry for running away like that. I wasn't sure what to do..." 

"I'm sorry if I startled or scared you, Aislin..." I started, and she finally turned her head to look at me. Her soft green eyes silenced me. They were calm and serene as ever, but there was a small light, a fire in her eyes. 

"That's not it at all, Professor." She told me quickly. I could only stare at her confusedly. "I wanted..." she blushed deeply, turning that beautiful rose shade again. "I-I wanted..."

"What did you want?" I asked, daring to hope she meant the impossible. 

"I...I wanted to help you...you know, come." She averted her eyes again, studying her bare feet. Her skin was flushed and her breathing was a bit heavy. "But...but I don't know how to...to touch it. You know, to please you...and I was so worried you would turn away...then I heard you say my name and I...I just didn't know what to do. So I ran." 

I almost couldn't believe she had said those words. They were what I hoped for, but it was the kind of hope you know will never happen, never in a million years. 

But it did. 

Once I came to terms that this was actually happening and I was not dreaming, I cleared my throat. "If you wanted to help, I could teach you how to touch it," I offered, hoping and praying that she would accept.

"You would? Really?" She looked at me in disbelief and excitement. 

I could only nod and gently take her hand to lead her back to my office. Making doubly sure to lock the door, I ushered her to the desk. I sat down on my chair and told her, "It would be easiest on both of us if you got down on the floor." 

She nodded and sank down between my knees. I stood long enough to pull my slacks down to my ankles, along with my boxers. She looked up at my crotch and stared. "It's...not hard anymore?" she asked. 

I chuckled. "It goes down when I have to walk or run," I explained, "which is good, because it's uncomfortable to walk with it up." 

She only stared. Under her gaze my cock grew hard, as it too came to realize that this was actually happening. She slowly straightened and I felt what might have been a small lick, so timid and shy, just on the tip. I encouraged her softly to continue, and she did. She delicately wrapped her soft lips around the tip and her tongue flicked over it. Gathering her silky hair in my hand, I slowly applied pressure to the back of her head, gently introducing more of my cock into her mouth. The warm wetness surrounded me and I tipped my head back and moaned. "That's it, baby," I murmured, gently pulling on her hair to coax her away, only to come back again. She soon caught on to the motion, my clever girl. After some careful instruction on tongue movements she was sucking me like a pro, moaning as she pulled my cock deep into her mouth. The little vibrations from her moan rocked my body, and my knees gave out. I sank into my chair, and Aislin, without missing a beat, just slid forward and continued to suck. 

I reached forward to grasp the hem of her shirt, tugging it over her head. She stopped only long enough to let me pull it off, for her to unhook her bra for me, and then went right back to sucking. She played with different combinations of licks to see which ones would make me moan loudest—I played with her breasts, using different finger motions to achieve the same goal. 

I watched her then reach down and unbutton her shorts, slipping her hand underneath to play with herself. I had to gently push her off of me—watching her do that nearly made me cum, and I wasn't ready to do that just yet. 

"Aislin, wait," I panted when she looked at me, confused. "Not yet," I told her, "I don't want to cum yet. First I want to watch you play with yourself." 

She flushed a deep rose, but nodded her consent.

"Get up on the desk," I instructed her, helping her up onto her feet. "You won't need those," I said, gesturing to her shorts. Her color deepened as I leaned forward to gently tug them off of her lush, rounded hips. Her panties were cute, blue boy shorts with a purple flower in the middle. "Now just lay back and touch yourself like you would if you were alone." I sat down to watch the show, entranced by her. 

She slipped her hand into her panties and her fingers began to work. Before long I couldn't just sit and do nothing—I reached out to help her. Her fingers stayed mostly on her clit, so mine slipped into her and began to stroke. Feeling her tight wetness around my finger sent another shock of desire through me. When she felt what I was doing she sat bolt upright. 

"What...what is...what are you doing?" she looked shocked. 

"I'm fingering you, baby. Don't stop now, I like watching you." 

She slowly sank back down onto the desk, clearly enjoying these new and strange sensations I was evoking in her. She began to pant and arch her back, and I slid my finger in as far as it would go. I curled my finger a tiny bit, and suddenly she came, all hot wet velvet around my finger. Her cries of pleasure only heightened my desire. 

Unable to control myself any longer I pulled off my shirt and climbed up onto the desk on top of her, not entering her quite yet. I let her get used to the feeling of my length pressed against her, grinding against her, making her shudder with pleasure. I leaned up to tease her clit with the tip of my cock, and she shivered.

Suddenly she let out a whimper and begged, "Please, Mr. Haseman...I want it so bad, please put it in me..."

Her pleading made me remember how badly I wanted her, as well. I pressed the tip of my cock into her, and she moaned, "Yes, yes, please..." 

Her pussy was so tight around me I was a little concerned I would hurt her. But she flexed her inner muscles around me, her pussy trying to pull me in deeper. At that point I lost all control and slammed into her, forcing her to slide across the desk a little bit and cry out her ecstasy. Her arms went around my neck and pulled me in close for a kiss as I rocked in and out of her. Every thrust had her gasping and pleading with me to never stop. 

The wet warmth of her tight pussy brought me to the edge of my own ecstasy faster than I might like. I buried my head in her shoulder and panted, "Aislin, baby...it's been so long...I don't think I can wait..."

She then did something that sent me over the edge—she licked and nibbled my ear. At that point I could not withhold my orgasm and sank my teeth into her shoulder as I came. As my cum spurted inside her she flexed around me and joined me in paradise. 

I collapsed on top of her, spent to the point of exhaustion. She just lay underneath me, panting. I could feel her heart pounding against my chest, and I gently kissed her shoulder where I had bitten, her neck, and her lips. I murmured in her ear how beautiful she was, and how much I enjoyed this, enjoyed her.