 *Briiiing*

"Hello, Kim Patterson speaking."

"Hey, babe."

"Carl! What are you doing up? The alarm isn't supposed to go off for," she glanced at the clock on her desk, "another twenty minutes at least."

"Well, I woke up early, saw your empty pillow, and wanted to hear your voice."

"Aww, that's sweet. Are you still in bed?"

"Yeah, just laying here, thinking of you. Remembering last night." Carl's voice lowered. "Remembering how incredible you were, the way you felt, and smelled, and tasted... ummm."

"Carl! You can't say that here! I'm at work, for God's sake!" Despite her words, Kim's voice held equal parts shock and arousal. Whenever Carl talked like this, his tone always went right through her body, stirring her desires.

"Well, I'm not at work, so I can say anything I want. I can tell you how much I wish you were here in bed with me right now, your naked body pressing against mine, the scent of your hair in my nose as I kiss your neck... See, I can talk about that kind of thing. Do you want me to stop?"

"Uh, no... no, please continue." Kim was extremely conscious of the other desks near hers, their occupants working industriously. No one was close enough to overhear her, but she still kept her voice low. "What else were you thinking about?"

"I was thinking about this thick, hard cock I've got in my hand right now, and what I'd like to do with it."

"Ohhhh..." Kim couldn't stop the soft moan that escaped her lips. Putting her hand over her mouth, she felt tiny beads of perspiration already forming on her upper lip.

"Tell me what you're wearing."

"I can't, not here." Surreptitiously Kim checked her co-workers, making sure no one was paying too much attention to her conversation. Everything looked normal, but...

"OK, then I'll have to guess. Let's see, white blouse?"

"Yes."

"Skirt or slacks?"

"The first one."

"Skirt, OK, let's see..." From the sound of his raspy breath, not quite panting, Kim knew that Carl was still stroking himself. "How long? Knee length? Or shorter?"

"Yes, a little."

"Yeah, that's good, I can picture you there at your desk, looking all professional and sexy. Pretending you're on the phone with a client. God, I wish I was there... maybe hidden under your desk. Running my hands up your legs, under that short skirt of yours, spreading your knees apart... Can you feel my breath on your thigh? My hands sliding up to your panties?"

"Yesss..."

"I pull your chair forward, and you lift your hips as I slide the panties down, down your legs, and off. Then I push your skirt higher, tracing designs on your leg with my tongue, moving higher and higher, slowly..."

"Uh-huh. Yeah."

"Softly I let my lips brush yours, and then I lightly circle your clit with my tongue. And then I lick your whole pussy, one strong stroke after another."

"Uh... please, go on."

"Anyone standing behind you could see me between your legs, eating, sucking, nibbling away... But from the other side of your desk, the only hint they'd get is your heavy breathing and hard nipples. They are hard, aren't they?"

Opening her eyes, which she hadn't realized she had closed, Kim looked down at herself. Yes, her nipples were hard, almost painfully so. And the skin across her chest was flushed. She could only imagine how her face looked. She crossed one leg over the other, reveling in the feel of moist flesh pressing together. Remembering that Carl had asked a question, she said, "Yes, that's right."

"Touch them."

"What? Uh, I'm afraid I, uh, that's, that's not possible, sir."

"Go ahead, just brush them with your hand. Pretend you're brushing a bit of lint off your blouse. No one will notice."

Looking around quickly, scanning to see that the coast was clear, Kim quickly brushed at her blouse. Twice along the side of her breast, and then once more right on her nipple. The tingling sensation caused her to choke off another groan.

"How did that feel? Good?"

"Yesss..."

"And how about further down?" Carl's voice dropped to a whisper. "Are you wet?"

"Oh yes. Yes, that's very true, sir."

"I'll bet you wish you could brush some lint off your panties right now, don't you?"

"Uh-huh." In fact, Kim's right hand was clutching almost desperately at the arm of her chair in order to prevent that very action. Get a hold of yourself! she thought. And then, Oh God, if only I could! She could hear Carl panting into her ear, and in the background the steady slap of flesh that meant he was still stroking himself.

"Oh babe, I wish you could see this right now. My cock is so hard for you, so thick, and the head is bright purple and pulsing... I wish I was standing right next to you, so you could take me into your mouth, sucking me deep... and then swirling your tongue around the head, the way you do, stoking me... Ohhhh..."

Kim felt another jolt through her center at the thought, picturing herself sucking him right there in the middle of the office. Jacking him off with one hand, playing with his balls with the other, all the while taking him deep inside her throat... she unconsciously licked her lips, trying to taste him.

"Oh Kim, oh God baby, I can't take much more of this. I want to come, now! I want to stand you up and rip off your blouse and bra, showing everyone your beautiful tits. And then I'll bend you over your desk, your hard nipples pressing into the wood while I slide your skirt up your legs. You feel the breeze, cool across your pussy, your wet, wet pussy... And then I'll brush the head of my cock across your lips, feeling how wet you are, mixing my juices with yours... can you feel it baby? Can you feel my hot, hard cock as it slo-o-owly slides into you? Oh God, your pussy is so hot, I can't stand it!"

Kim could barely stand it herself. The images in her head, Carl's voice in her ear... she wondered if she could actually come without touching herself.

"I'm pumping into you, slowly at first, but then faster, and faster- "

"Hi Kim, have you got a second to look over this report I- Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you were on the phone."

Looking up, Kim saw her friend Sharon in front of her desk, holding a small stack of papers. Slightly dazed, she wasn't sure what to say. 

"Sorry, what-?"

"I said I didn't know you were on the phone. I'll come back later."

In Kim's ear, Carl was saying, "Hey, is that Sharon's voice I hear? Ask her to wait, will you?"

"Are you serious?"

"Yeah, I got an idea. Trust me."

Putting her hand over the phone, Kim said "Wait, Sharon. Have a seat. This shouldn't take long." It better not take long, she thought, I was so close to finishing...

Carl's voice breathed sensuously into her ear, "You remember that threesome fantasy we talked about a few weeks back?"

"What? Are you... I mean, I'm not sure I follow that reasoning."

"And do you remember how Sharon looked at your office Christmas party? You yourself said she was the sexiest woman there, in that slinky black dress, so tight and low-cut, showing off all that gorgeous skin..."

"Well, yes, I did say that..."

"Well, OK then. Let's back up a bit. I pull you out of your chair, You can feel me standing behind you, feel my breath on your neck. Feel my hard-on pressing into your ass, feel my hands brush across your nipples, lightly, stroking..."

"All right..."

"I pull open your blouse, buttons popping, and everyone can see your beautiful breasts, hard nipples poking through your bra. I slide my hands down your arms, taking your wrists and pulling them behind your back. Not hurting, but strongly enough that you can't move your hands. Then you see Sharon, in that same black dress, stepping in front of you. Her eyes look over your body, your face, your breasts... she sees the wetness seeping down your thigh... and she steps closer. She leans toward you, and just before her lips touch yours, you feel her breasts press into you, your nipples brushing together."

Kim risked a quick glance at Sharon, who was leafing through her report, politely trying not to listen in on the conversation. God, she does look good, Kim thought.

"She kisses you, and it's so soft and strong at the same time. Her tongue brushes across your lips, and you part them, letting her inside. She steps closer, one hand taking the back of your head and pulling you into the kiss. You wonder what she's doing with her other hand, and a second later you feel it caressing your hip, and then sliding up to your breast. Breaking off the kiss, she leans back to take a look at your bra. Freeing the clasp, she pulls it aside as she licks down your collarbone, down your cleavage, until finally she's circling your nipple with her tongue."

Kim had crossed and uncrossed her legs twice during Carl's recitation. She stopped when it occurred to her that Sharon might actually hear the sound of her wet flesh, her lips opening and closing. My God, she wanted to touch herself so badly...

"Taking a step back, Sharon unzips her dress, and it falls to the floor. She's naked underneath, and you can see her incredible body. Full breasts, with hard pink nipples. Narrow waist. Black pubic hair that she keeps trimmed, and it looks like she's just as excited as you are. Her hands reach toward your skirt, and she unzips you and pulls it down your legs. With your panties already off, Sharon can see your hot pussy clearly, your excitement covering your pubic hair with a soft dew."

"Yes, please go on. I'm listening..."

"She falls to her knees in front of you. She seems mesmerized by your smell, and she leans in and breathes deeply. Pulling your legs a little farther apart, she licks at the juices on your thigh. She pauses, as if considering your taste for a second, before continuing where she left off. She moves from one leg to another, cleaning you, working her way closer and closer to your center. But she keeps avoiding your pussy, circling around it. You want to grab her head, force her tongue where you want it to go, but I'm still holding your arms tight. It feels like torture, but Sharon finally relents. She sucks on your clit while at the same time sliding two fingers inside you. You gasp at the feeling, it's so intense, and then she starts flicking her tongue, driving you crazy. You're on fire, you're so close to coming, when suddenly she stops."

"What? No, no, I don't like that part of your plan at all."

"Hold on. She steps back to your desk and sweeps all the papers onto the floor. She sits on the space she just cleared and beckons to you with one finger as she spreads her legs."

"Oh. OK, that might work..."

"I let go of your arms as you lean forward. You kiss Sharon deeply, tasting yourself on her lips, and on her tongue. With your hands free, you run them over her body, feeling how similar it is to yours while at the same time so different. Eagerly you move down her body, licking her nipples, dipping your tongue into her belly-button, and finally resting when you reach her pussy. Remember how she teased you, you lightly lick up on lip and down the other, carefully avoiding her clit poking out at you. Her groan is music to your ears. As your fingers slide over her wetness, you feel the head of my cock do the same to you. When you lean forward and slip your tongue inside her, my cock performs the same action on you. We start moving with the same rhythm, your tongue in and out of her pussy, and my cock in and out of yours. For a second we're so much in sync that you feel like you're fucking Sharon with my cock. We both move faster and faster, reaching toward our orgasms. You want all three of us to come at the same time, so you start moving even faster, adding your fingers to your tongue... Fuck!"

Kim was almost jolted form her chair by the sounds coming from the receiver. A loud buzzing followed by various thumps, and faintly in the background Carl cursing a blue streak.

"Hello? Are you OK?"

"Shit, sorry honey. It was the alarm going off, and I was trying to hit the button and I dropped the phone... dammit."

"That's OK." Turning to Sharon, who had looked up in concern, Kim mouthed Dropped the phone to her. "We can just continue with that... idea you were presenting."

"I'm sorry babe, but I can't. I've got an early meeting with a client, and I have to run. I wish I could stay, but it's that Pembrook account I was telling you about, and we're finalizing things today."

"Oh." Disappointed didn't begin to describe it. Kim was more turned on than she could remember being, and to be interrupted, not once but twice... she wanted to scream so badly she could taste it. "Well, I guess there's nothing we can do about it now." 

"Well, there is one thing we could try."

"And what would that be?"

"I'm going to be in the shower in two minutes, and about thirty seconds after that I'm going to be coming harder than I've ever come in my life."

"Hmm, go on."

"Well, if you run off to the little girl's room, and if you're as turned on as I think you are, then you could do the same thing. That way, even if we're not coming together, we'll be coming at the same time, and we'll be thing of each other as we do it."

"That sounds like an acceptable compromise."

"OK, great. Two and a half minutes from... Now!"

Kim smiled as she hung up the phone. Standing up, she looked over at Sharon. "Oh, I'm sorry, but could you excuse me for just a..." She paused as an idea occurred to her. "Say, Sharon, would you have a few minutes to... discuss something with me?"

"Why, sure. What is it?"

"I'd rather talk in private. Let's use the boardroom, I think it's free this morning."

As she turned from her desk, Kim had a broad smile on her face. Let's see, Carl's meeting should be done in a couple of hours, and I can call him on my cell... and this time, I'll have more than just a fantasy to share with him.

It was, she thought, turning out to be a most interesting Monday morning.