 The night began unremarkably enough. I was at work at The Star, the newspaper where I'm a police reporter. I was pounding away at my keyboard on some mindless feature story when my phone rang. 

"Hello, Jeff. This is Beth," said the voice on the other end. 

Beth? Beth who? Do I know anyone named Beth? Then suddenly it dawned on me. Could it be Beth? Online Beth, the woman who had fueled so many of my recent fantasies? 

"Wow, Beth this is quite a surprise. But a good one. How's everything?" I manage to say. Am I smooth or what? Sheesh. 

"Everything will be a lot better if you leave work right now and meet me in Room 1123 at the Hilton. How soon can you be here?" 

My mind spun out of control. Beth and I had been chatting online for several weeks. And most of those chats got pretty hot and heavy. I was now going to experience the real deal. 

"I'm on my way now, baby. Don't move," I practically shouted into the phone. 

I grabbed my coat and sprinted for the elevator, yelling to my editor that I had a source who was giving me some good information for an upcoming weekend story. Editors love to hear that kind of stuff, so he just waved to me as the elevator door closed. 

My heart was pounding as I drove across town for the Hilton. I was finally going to meet Beth. She is petite, about 5-1, with the most gorgeous blue eyes I have ever seen. In a picture, anyway. Her brown hair falls to her shoulders and I have often dreamed of running my fingers through it and having her wrap it around my cock. Beth was my total fantasy. 

I finally arrived at the Hilton and flipped my keys to the parking lot attendant. I ran to the entrance and nearly fell down in my rush to get to the elevator. I couldn't wait to get this sexy angel into my arms. 

After what seemed like the longest elevator ride known to man, the doors opened and I scanned the hallway, looking for room 1123. Finally headed in the right direction, I found the door. I straightened my tie, took a deep breath and knocked. 

The door opens slowly and she appears. What a goddess. She is smiling and wearing nothing but a short, sheer black robe. We look into each other's eyes, neither of us moving. She finally moves to me and kisses me, standing on her toes to do so. There is nothing at all tentative about this kiss. It is hard on the lips and our mouths are open, tongues playing with each other. 

She pulls me into the room and slams the door while we manage to remain embraced. Our tongues entertwine about longer, until finally, Beth speaks. "I've wanted you since that first night we chatted online." And with that, she slowly opens her robe and lets it fall to the floor. The goddess of my dreams is naked before me. And what a sight she is. 

Her breasts are perfect, about a 34B which fit her petite frame exquisitely. She has a narrow waist, gently rounded hips and a small but trimmed patch of hair around her pussy. And she has a gleam in her blue eyes that seems quite familiar, because I can tell I have the same look. We are both aroused beyond belief. And I know from one of our earliest chats that she loves to be naked before her fully dressed lover. Which is also a huge turn on for me. 

I move closer to embrace her again and feel her against me, but she stops me and tells me there is something she'd like me to do first. Who am I to argue with a beautiful naked woman? She takes me by the hand and leads me to the table in the hotel suite. On the table, there is a basin of warm water, some shaving cream, a washcloth and a razor. She sits on the table, licks her lips and asks me to shave her pussy smooth. 

"What do you think, lover? Do you think you can help me with this?" she asks. Such a question. I reply by squirting shaving cream into my hand and rubbing it onto her mound. She shudders at first because the shaving cream is cold, but her smile tells me it feels so good. Her pussy is dripping, trailing juice down her thigh. I feel like I have a tree trunk in my pants, I'm so hard and turned on. 

I take the razor and remove what little hair is around Beth's pussy. I take short, gentle strokes, being careful not to nick her and also to watch her squirm and get even more turned on. Her pussy was already closely cropped, so it takes just a few minutes to shave her clean. I take the washcloth, soak it in the warm water and wipe away the excess shaving cream. Her naked pussy is a sight to behold. Her juices continue leaking down her legs when I pick her up from the table and carry her to the bed. Our tongues interlock again as I gently lay her down. 

I stand over her and watch her as she begins to finger herslef with one hand while pinching her nipples with the other. I can stand no more. I must have her. So I spread her legs and crawl between them and begin lapping at her delicious pussy. I move my tongue tantalizingly slow, up one side and down the other, before taking aim on her clit. I extend my tongue out as far as I can and begin to stab at her clit with my tongue, making her jump and writhe in ecstasy. I also massage her newly smooth skin, a movement that makes her tremble with every touch. 

She has the most delicious pussy I have ever tasted and I feel like I could feast on her for hours. I take her clit between my lips and flick my tongue back and forth against it. Her moans become louder and louder and she pushes my head even closer to her clit. I continue my tongue work and slowly insert one, then two fingers inside her. She is steaming and so warm, and oh so tight. 

The combination of my tongue and fingers finally becomes too much for her, and her body convulses and she shrieks with a shattering orgasm. I gently massage her thigh allowing her breathing to return to normal. My cock feels like it will rip through my Levis. 

Beth reads my mind and says "we gotta get you out of those nasty clothes." She pulls me down beside her and loosens my tie and then slowly unbuttons my shirt. She begins to kiss my chest teasing my nipples with her tongue, taking quick darting licks at my nipples. She knows how I love those from our previous chats. I shudder and hiss through my teeth as she unbuttons my Levis and pulls down the zipper. Her urgency is evident when she practically tears the jeans from my body, quickly followed by my silk boxers and finally, my socks. 

"Oh baby, that is the most beautiful cock I have ever seen. It's huge. I can't wait to taste it," she exclaims when my cock is finally freed. Now, I never thought of myself as being that big (about 7 1/2 inches long and 5 inches around) but again, who am I to argue? 

My cock feels like a battering ram, drooling precum from the tip. Beth begins to massage my balls with her fingers and licks her way around the shaft. She slowly, agonizingly, licks up the shaft until she reaches the head. She looks at me and smiles and licks the precum from the tip. All I can do is tilt my head back and moan. Her tongue is like velvet. She savors the taste of my precum and then wraps her lips around the head, and begins to suck. As she sucks, one of her hands massages my balls while the other strokes my cock. 

"Jeff, you're so big, I'm not sure how much of you I can take. But I will give it my best," she tells me. Her mouth moves up and down on my cock, and with each stroke down, she takes a bit more into her mouth. I begin to fill her mouth up with my cock and smile as I stroke her hair as she takes more of me, bit by bit. 

She begins to suck harder and faster and tells me she wants me to cum in her mouth. She can't quite take me all in, but I can feel the tip of my cock in the back of her throat. I moan something incomprehensible, the pleasure having turned me into a babbling idiot. She moves up and down my cock with increasing speed. My balls tighten and I erupt. Finally, gloriously, I am coming in my lover's mouth. I blast jet after jet after jet of cum into her mouth, both of us moaning, oblivious to everything except this moment. 

My orgasm finally subsides and Beth smiles, gulping down as much of my cum as she can. Some cum leaks out of the side of her mouth and she giggles, takes it on her finger and rubs it onto her left nipple. I collapse in a heap, spent and thankful for the phone call at work. 

To Be Continued...