 I was sitting at my computer checking out my auctions for phone sex, when one of the auctions ended. I contacted the winner and he got right back with me. I called him up, took his credit card number then while we chatted I went to my bedroom.

"What are you wearing," he asked. 

"I have on a white T-shirt and white thong panties"

I could hear his breathing get heavier. "No bra?" he asked. 

"No, I like feeling my nipples while I sit at the computer. I like to touch them under my shirt when I am bored or on the phone."

I asked him, "Are you stroking your cock right now?"

Huskily he said Yes. I took my shirt off, and slid my panties down my thighs, and left them around my ankles. I laid on my back and slid a finger into my pussy.

I found out he only lived an hour away. After some very intense phone sex, we decided to meet in person. I went to shower and put on a little black dress and a sweater, no bra and no panties. We met at an Italian restaurant with little round booths, and long table clothes. We sat next to each other and began to chit chat, both of us horny as hell. After we placed our order, I slid my hand down into his crotch, feeling his already hard cock. I rubbed it a little. Our drinks came so I had to behave.

I felt his hand running up my thigh, pushing my dress higher, until he felt my smooth, clean shaven pussy lips. He slid his finger up and down my pussy lips caressing my clit and pussy. I was sopping wet, and truly hot. The restaurant wasn't crowded and we faced a fireplace, no one could see in our high-backed booth except for our waiter when he came to the table. I pulled his dick out of his pants and rubbed my palm against his warm pole. I bent over and took the head into my mouth running my tongue along his shaft. I sat up to get into a better position when our food came. He put his napkin in his lap and acted like nothing was out of the ordinary, while I saw the napkin twitching in his lap.

Our food arrived, and I dove in.. into his crotch. I moved the napkin and began sucking, moving my head up and down, his cock growing harder and bigger in my throat. He pulled my head up telling me he didn't want to come yet. He slid his hand down the top of my dress and rubbed my tits, pulling gently on the nipples. With his other hand he went up my dress and rubbed my cunt, sliding a finger in and out while he kissed my neck and ears. God, I was turned on. This felt soooo good. Just when I thought I couldn't take it anymore, he stopped. Just dead stopped, and started eating his food. I couldn't believe it. He told me more would come later.

We ate and talked and kissed. He suddenly went under the table and I felt his head moving between my legs, and his tongue on my pussy, licking and slurping on my cunt. My eyes rolled back, I was so close to coming and he stopped again. He sat back down next to me and kissed me. I could taste myself. I see what kind of game he was playing ... the waiter came to check on us and "Nick" asked for the check. When the waiter disappeared I pulled my Nick's cock out and began sucking it for all I was worth. While I was in the middle of the best head I had ever given, the waiter appeared. I sat up and my date started shooting his cum all over the table. The waiter, who turned red, left the check and walked away with a hard on.

Nick and I left, leaving our waiter a large tip (in more ways than one). We decided to go to a dance club and have a few drinks. On the car ride over, nick's hand was up my dress for the whole ride. We entered the dark club and got drinks then found a place to sit in the back. We drank and teased one another, then went out to dance. 

I grinded against his dick and he pressed into me. I felt him grow larger and harder, while I kept getting wetter and wetter, I started to feel a trickle down my thigh. The dance floor was crowded, men and women grinding and bumping all over each other. I turned and faced Nick, placing one thigh between his legs so we were groin to groin, and began thrusting into him. I felt someone dancing behind me as everyone was smashed together. I felt a had against my ass, and I knew where Nicks were and they weren't on my ass. I enjoyed the touch, so I let it continue. Soon I was smashed between Nick and another younger man, he smelled good, he was sweaty and hard against me, we had a sort of threesome on the dance floor. I was being ravaged in public. The dance floor was dark with only a strobe light to light us up, we were off to the back side of the dance floor near the wall, surrounded by people. I felt the man in back slid his fingers under my dress and hear his groan when he felt I wasn't wearing panties. 

Nick was aware of what was happening and he put his hand under my dress and rubbed my clit with the palm of his hand while our new friend finger fucked my pussy. I pulled out Nicks cock, and stroked it between us. Nick was in the corner, then me then our rather tall hunky friend was behind me blocking everyone from our little games. Another large man was dancing with his back to us...we were in our own little world, I reached behind me and massaged the strangers dick through his pants, feeling how large he was. I kissed nick and the stranger licked my neck. I undid the strangers pants and pulled his cock free...a lot of cock to free too. I felt it against the small of my back, and he dipped and ran it over my ass, grinding it between my legs through the dress.

If the dress had not been there he would be inside me, as it was I felt him at the entrance to my hot hole. Felt him pressing into me. While I kissed Nick and whispered into his mouth I wanted this man to fuck me, Nick kissed me harder and reached around and pulled my dress up over my ass, and the man slipped into the warm, sopping wet fuck hole. I nearly came just from that. I was leaning heavily against nick while this man slowly slid his Rock hard, thick pole inside me. I squeezed his cock as he slid further into my depths. Soon we had a rhythm going between us all. The man would grind into my pussy, I would stroke Nicks Dick and we would all tangle in a sweaty mass.

I was in heaven being fucked and smashed between these two handsome men. Nick dipped his head and pulled my tits out of the top of my dress and began to suck and pinch my nipples. My friend was starting to fuck harder. Nicks cock was throbbing and about to explode. Nick slid his hand down and rubbed my clit while this man was fucking me from behind for all he was worth... I was cumming!!!!!!!!! Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!! Cumming, yes!!!!!!!! Oh God. I clenched his dick in my cunt and squeezed him until he was squirting inside me...lots of gooey sperm filling me so nicely. My hand held nick's throbbing cock and filled with sperm as he shot out onto the dance floor. We made ourselves presentable again and went back to drink winking and thanking our friend.

After a few drinks we decided to head to a hotel. After we checked in we were all over one another kissing and sucking, licking necks and breasts and he slid his hand down to touch my drenched pussy. I was soaked from cumming and sperm. Slowly Nick, licked down my belly to my cunt, and licked around it down my legs, down to my shoes, where he slid one of my black high heels off and licked my toes, and popped one into his mouth and sucked my toe. While he sucked my toes I took my other foot and ran my heel up his pant leg to his already hard dick. I massaged it with my foot. He licked back up the other thigh and circled my petal with his lips, finally diving in and sucking my clit into his mouth, he swirled his tongue around my swollen clit and sucked it into his mouth. He flattened his tongue out and licked me from my asshole back to my button and down again. He fingered my pussy with one finger, then two, and I was sooo wet he had to add a third. He tongued my lips and sucked my pussy good, while fingering me. he soon was running a finger from his other hand from my wet pussy down to my puckering asshole. He ran juices from my pussy down into my ass...making it easy to slide a finger into my asshole while he continued fingering my hot fuck hole and licking me into heaven. He started talking dirty to me...

"You like that don't you my little slut?"

"You want me to take you in your asshole don't you?"

I cried out, "Yes, take me there."

He ripped my dress off, and flipped me onto my stomach at the edge of the bed, like a rag doll. He tore his own clothes off and laid on top of me holding me tight against him sliding his cock in the crack of my ass, teasing me. He grabbed my hair and forced my head back so he could kiss me. Slipping his tongue into my mouth, he drew back and plunged his nightstick into my asshole. Showing no mercy, I cried out into his mouth. This was my first time taking it up the ass. He fiercely fucked my bunghole while kissing me. He reached around and fondled my tits, pinching the nipples and arousing me further. I was on fire, a whore, just for him. He put his hand under me and grabbed my cunt, rocking me with his thrusts into his palm. The friction was outstanding, I was almost there. He was like a racehorse running at full steam, pounding his meat into me. His cock swelled in me and he yelled out he was cumming..I felt his final thrusts which set me off, I creamed all over his hand and screamed in pleasure. We passed out, dead tired, me filled in every hole. it was beautiful.

xoxoxo

Hope you enjoyed.