 I had awakened that morning and didn't feel like working. It was Friday and I decided to start my weekend early; they wouldn't have missed me, so I called in sick. I proceeded to take a hot shower and make breakfast. Still wearing only a towel from my shower, I walked about the house pondering what to do with my day. Walking over to the fridge I glanced at the calendar, and taking a second look I realized- "Oh shit. Christmas is in two weeks and I still haven't gotten anything." 

I went off to my room to throw on a few things before I left for the morning. I threw on some boxers, a gray t-shirt, baggy jeans, and a blue and red flannel shirt with the buttons missing. It was my day off and I didn't care how much of a bum I looked. Grabbing my jean coat and a hat I left my house. It hadn't snowed yet which was odd for this time of year, so I decided to bike over to the mall.

* * * * *

I had been walking about the mall for two hours now, still unable to find anything for anyone on my list. Then again, it did not help that the place was packed. "Screw this," I thought to myself and headed off to the food court for a bite to eat and to rest a bit. After waiting 20 minutes in line just to get a shake, I turned to see every last table, booth, and stool had been taken. All, that is, except for one in the corner. A beautiful young girl sat at a table alone with two chairs. She sat there reading the paper; her long red hair blew about from a wind coming from the corridor, occasionally wiping the hair away from her glasses.

I walked over to the girl and asked her if she had a companion or if she minded my sitting with her. "No, I'm alone. You can sit if you want.". Her voice rang out like an angel to me, and I pulled back the chair to sit.

As I ate I pulled a pencil from my pocket and started to draw on a napkin, and she continued reading her paper. After a little while I felt as if someone were staring at me. I looked up and sure enough, this girl had her eyes set on my hands as I drew.

"I'm sorry," she commented as she saw me look at her. "That is just so good; it looks like one of those new dolls my niece wants."

"That's alright," I responded. "It most likely is. My niece wants one too but I cannot find them anywhere; in fact I can't find anything for anyone."

After talking with this girl for a while I had found out her name was Stacie and the two of us had much in common. She wasn't reading the paper after all. It was the comics she was looking at. The two of us were both looking for the same type of people and decided to go about our shopping together.

When we left the table, I watched her as she grabbed her coat and threw it over her shoulders. It was long, down to her knees, and covered up the skirt she was wearing. From behind it looked as if the coat was all she had on. I felt weak in the knees as she arranged herself, getting ready for our stroll through the mall.

We walked from store to store looking at toys, lamps, china, just about anything there was as we walked. We took a stop in a lingerie store because she said she wanted to get something for her sister. She looked about the place at this and that, as did I, trying not to make it obvious. I stopped a second and looked at a black and navy blue outfit; blue stockings held with a black garter, blue panties and bra with black straps and a lace coat to match. Stacie had seen me looking. "Yeah, it's nice, isn't it? Not very Christmassy though." I turned and looked at her face and smiled. "Wouldn't you like to see me in that." I didn't answer, just smiled as my cheeks raised and turned red. "Oh, I see." She said taking it off the rack. "Maybe I'll just have to try it on for you." My entire face turned red and I could not say a word. Was this really happening? This beautiful red head I had just met was heading for heading for the dressing room with an outfit that would floor me. Turning back to me she had seen my pitch red face, "Oh, too cute." She smiled and continued. "I'm just pulling your chain dear." She put the outfit down and grabbed me by the arm to head off to another store.

We walked around the mall for another half hour aimlessly, Stacie hanging onto my arm the whole while. She was leaning her head of soft hair against my shoulder. As we passed people we casually talked and commented on the things we saw. We walked into the area of the mall where all the candy machines, video games, and coin operated rides were. It was afternoon by now and all the kids were still in school so the area was absent of all but Stacie and I. We sat together, removed our coats and talked, her sitting on a small fire truck and I on a giant duck. In the middle of our talk, Stacie jumped up and pointed. "Oh look!" I turned to see her pointing to a photo booth. "Let's go, she said excitedly and pulled me off my duck. Running like a child towards the booth she tugged me by my fingers.

Stacie flung me into the booth and followed behind to shut the curtains. I lay there on the floor of the booth, my legs still hanging outside. "Silly boy," she said to me as I looked up at her standing over me, one leg on either side of me.

"You must really like these things." I said to her as I looked up at those eyes looking down at me. Her smile almost turned devilish.

"Oh trust me, you'll like these in a few minutes as well." She knelt down and sat on my stomach, her skirt pushing itself up as she did. I propped myself up onto my elbows trying to get myself into a sitting position and my legs slid farther into the booth. Stacy leaned in and kissed me to which I embraced it. Her hands moved back along her body and down her legs. When she reached the bottom of her skirt her hands disappeared underneath and she slowly removed her panties. To do this she had to stand up which allowed me to stand as well.

I grabbed her by the hips and pulled her into myself to kiss her again. She jumped up into my arms and wrapped her legs around my waist, launching me backwards. The back of my legs hit the bench behind me and we plopped down sitting on it. I could feel her tongue enter my mouth and I met it with my own. My hands ran over her back and untucked her blouse, while her hands ran over my chest and did the same to my t-shirt. 

Though I wanted to hurry her top off, my hands shook as I slowly unbuttoned the front of her. In one pull, Stacie had removed both of my shirts over my head, breaking our kiss. She ran her hands through the hair on my chest and started to kiss me along my collarbone. I leaned over and kissed the back of her neck as the blouse slowly slipped down her silky arms and floated to the ground. Placing my hands on her shoulders, I peeled her bra straps over her arms and she reached back to unclasp it. Her breasts sprang loose as the bra dropped, my hands attracted to them as if magnets. They were just the right size to fit my hands. 

Pulling her towards me I kissed between her breasts, then wandered my way from one to the other, up her chest to nip at her neck and back down. Stacie held on to my shoulders arched back, whipping her head, her hair flowing in the air like flames from a fire and she let out a long low moan. Her hands ran down my chest as I kissed her, then over my stomach and to the bulge in my jeans. She rubbed it through my pants and leaned forward again. 

Again we kissed and her hands worked my pants opened, my hands trailed over the skin of her back and then over her ass, I reached up under her skirt and massaged her cheeks, one in each palm. She freed me from my pants and started to stroke me slowly at first, then upped her rhythm every 3 strokes. The faster she went the harder I got. My hands still worked away at her ass and moved down her legs, I could feel the dampness and heat from her pussy. My right hand moved to play with her almost hairless mound and my left went up to squeeze her breasts again. I worked away at her left one and she caressed her right breast while still stroking me.

Running my index finger down between her lips, it slipped into her. I pushed in another finger and pushed in at the same rhythm. Stacie worked her hand down my shaft, and pulled out when she pumped back up. Both our bodies were covered in sweat by now, neither of us knew how long it had been and didn't care. We were lost in each other's bodies and spirits.

Stacie reached down and pulled my hand, my fingers slid out and dripped. She raised my hand to her mouth and sucked on my middle finger. She closed her eyes, as she tasted herself on my finger. I leaned to kiss her neck and she pulled away mouthing to me "NO". Unwrapping her legs from around me she knelt on the bench upon which we sat and raised herself over me. Working her way down she positioned my rod so it would enter her. As the head entered we gasped in unison, and she stopped for a second. Taking my hand again she placed my middle finger in my mouth. "Good isn't it?" she asked and impaled herself the rest of the way on top of me. 

Both our eyes closed and Stacie pushed with her knees to move herself up and down. Laying my head on her chest I kissed at her breasts again. She laid her head on my shoulder and kissed at my neck. My tongue twirled around her nipple and then, sucking it into my mouth, I pulled at it with my teeth to which she gave out a moan of pleasure. She sat up fast, pulled my head up and stared into my eyes. "You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen," I said and she attacked my mouth with hers. Our hands met each other's while we kissed. 

Together out hands went down between our bodies. Her right to massage my balls, my left grabbed her ass, and as one, our other hands moved over her mound and played at her clit. I rubbed her ass and moved my finger between her cheeks, without realizing it I was fingering at her ass poking with each down stride. "Is that alright?" I asked because I felt her body shiver.

"Yes... mmmm... YES! Don't... Stop..." she panted to me and squeezed my balls. I felt ready to blow and kissed her. Stacie tilted her head back and released our kiss "Ohhh!" she moaned again this time getting louder, she pulled my hand away from her clit and bit down on it till blood drew, to stop herself from screaming in pleasure. I knew there was pain but could not feel it. 

She bounced up and down faster and faster until I felt Stacie's thighs close against mine, her eyes shot open, her vagina squeezed me tight, her hand still going at her clit. Biting down harder on my hand, she shook her head no when I stopped fingering her ass, telling me to continue, so I kept at it. Gradually her eyes closed again and she let out a sigh, letting go of my bleeding hand. Her hand slowed, she let go of my balls and started bouncing on her knees again. Wrapping her arms around my neck she kissed my chest and neck. "That was wonderful". We kissed again.

I felt ready to shoot and the look on my face told her so. "No no no..." she said with a smile and stopped her rhythm. Kissing down my chest she got off of me and knelt on the floor. She kissed down my stomach to my cock. Stacie ran her tongue up then down my shaft. She licked my balls then sucked one into her mouth covering it in saliva then went to the other. "Play with my breasts," she said in a quick breath, letting go of my balls and continuing to lick up the shaft again. I reached down and rubbed her nipples as well as I could as she sucked on the head of my dick. I watched as her head bobbed up and down on me. 

I was ready to blow before she went down on me, so it did not take long. "I'm gonna cum," I told her. She paid no attention to me and kept at it. I shot my load deep into her throat and she sucked every drop down. I lay back against the wall behind the bench in the photo booth spent. I stayed there not moving as I watched Stacie dress. The two of us did not say a word but knew what the other was thinking. All dressed, she kissed me, then the tip of my now softening cock and walked out of the booth.

A few minutes later, I had finally recovered and changed back into my clothes. Emerging from the photo booth, I looked around and there was no trace of her. My jacket was still draped over the duck and hers was gone from the fire truck. I put my jacket on, ready to go home and found her red pair of panties sitting on top. Inside was a note with her number and it simply said - call me.