 When I first saw her, it was like nothing else I'd ever felt, I'd been turned on before but this was something else, something more. I think it was two things about her, one of which was the two gorgeous things under her tight grey top, just bursting out of an obviously too small bra and grabbing my attention like nothing else. But surprisingly the first thing that captured my attention was her bright, flame red hair, framing her face. She wasn't stunning, but there was an innocent sexiness about her and she certainly caught my attention.

I'd recently taken up a job as a photographer on a boat capturing all the tourists memories of the lakes cruise, and then selling to them at an exorbitant rate after of course, but that was the boat company's idea, it was just a job to me. I'd gone on holidays one year a while back and never gone home, finding work as a photographer in a tourist town was easy, and I could practice my hobby at work so it was good for me.

My job was a good enough excuse to get a photo of her, one that I would definitely have to keep for myself. She was with her mum and dad, 17 or 18 and she didn't look too impressed at being here, but I managed to get a smile out of her using my bad jokes I get all the tourists to smile with, and got a few good snaps of her and her family, zooming in on her a couple of times unbeknownst to her or her family. 

It was natural progression to start talking to the family after that, found out they were staying at the B&B right next door to my modest cabin on the lake, and a very exciting idea formulated in my head. First of all I got really chummy with the family, I have great people skills from working in the tourism industry, so before too long I had invited the family over to to my cabin that evening for a BBQ. After that I left them alone, and actually did the job I am paid to do for a while. When I eventually saw the girl had gone off by herself I made my way over to her and struck up a conversation, making her laugh was easy and eventually we had quite a good little flirty conversation going on. Her name was Tegan and it turned out she was 18 and this was the last holiday vacation she had to go on with her family and would much rather be at home partying with her friends, I am only 27 so the age gap wasn't too much and we got on quite well, after a casual conversation I had her smiling and saying she was looking forward to coming over with her family tonight.

Now the groundwork had been lain, I thought about what I wanted to do next. I set up my house and formulated my plan. This girl was absolutely captivating, and I had to see more of her, I really wanted to see those beautiful tits bursting out of her bra, and I had my plan to do this. 

When they came over I chatted with the family, had beers with dad, complimented mums dress, but my eyes were all for Tegan, she was wearing a yellow dress that showed off a healthy amount of cleavage, and the bottom finished mid way up her thigh. The weather was quite warm so her mum let her get away with the sexy look. After the food had been devoured, we relaxed by the lake with a drink or two, and I got a chance to really talk to Tegan.

"I haven't had a chance to say this yet, but you look amazing!" I said to her

"Really? Thanks! I bought this dress the other day thought now would be a good chance to show it off, do you like it?"

"Yeah it's stunning, helps that the model that's wearing it is simply gorgeous"

She blushed, then laughed and as she did so her breasts bounced up and down and her whole face lit up, it took all my will power not to just grab her and start fucking her right then and there. We continued talking for a while along those lines and finally I broached the subject that would lead us in the right direction.

"You know I've done a fair bit of glamour photography with beautiful models, and you would just make a great model, you are so photogenic, here, let me show you" I made sure her parents were otherwise occupied, they were, they were still relaxing by the lake, and I grabbed my camera. I took a couple of natural shots of her smiling and laughing and showed her

"See, you just have this beautiful smile and amazing body that the camera loves!"

"Really, I don't think so, my hair is ugly and my boobs are too big"

"No way, your hair is what makes you unique and fascinating, and your boobs, well they are just simply perfect." She blushed and smiled shyly

"Thanks, Michael" She said, it was the first time she'd said my name, and as she said it, she looked at me with those amazing green eyes and I almost blew my load. I was doing well as it was to hide my growing hard on, and not wanting to rush things I changed the subject and we got to talking about her family and her life back home.

A while later, I mentioned to her parents the beautiful views to be had from a spot on the beach just a short walk around the lake from my cabin, and they took the bait and went off for a walk, they asked Tegan if she wanted to go but she said she'd prefer to stay and chat with me if that was alright, her mum smiled and said of course.

I was just about to broach the subject of photographing her again, when she beat me to it,

"So you really think I'd make an good model?"

"I really mean it, Tegan, you have so much going for you, maybe I could convince you if I took a few shots of you?"

"Now, you mean? I'm not wearing my make up and I'm sweating in this heat!" 

"Well in my opinion the sweat dripping down your neck and into that amazing cleavage would make a very sexy photo, Tegan." She blushed again and gave me those eyes with that smile again, I really had to see her in less clothing. I took a few photos of her like that, got some great angles, and the last light coming in off the lake through the open doors made it a really classy and sexy photo. I showed her and said,

"See, hot hey?"

"Yeah, actually, I look good!" She said and laughed 

"But you are right, to get a really good range, I'd have to take a few photos of you in different outfits, to show you how amazing you are." Now that she'd seen how good she looked with the right lighting, the right angle and a good camera, she seemed more confident.

"I'd love to do that! I don't think my parents would appreciate though! Haha! They like you but probably not that much, we only just met you" She laughed

"You're probably right," I sighed "Well for what it's worth I would love to take those photo's you are really beautiful"

"Thanks, maybe we could work something out" She said with a hint of a cheeky smile. My dick got hard almost immediately with the thought of how close I was to getting alone with that slamming body and my camera.

"If you really want to do this Tegan, I'll tell you what, I've got an empty memory card in my camera bag, you come over with a few outfits you like, I'll take the shots, and when we're done you keep the memory card so there's nothing sleazy going on yeah?" I said this knowing full well that it was very sleazy what my motives were, just getting to take these photos would be orgasmic for me.

"Oh I really want to Michael, I'll think about it, there'll be a way" She smiled and jumped up and kissed me on the cheek "You're really nice, Michael, thanks!" She got up and walked to the door as her parents came around the lake. They thanked me for a very nice night, and said we'd have to catch up again before they finished their holiday here. Tegan smiled and said thanks for dinner, and flashed me those eyes and that smile again, and followed her parents out the door.

The next day I had my day off, there was no lakes cruise going out, so I relaxed and played around with my cameras, secretly hoping Tegan would come around. At about lunchtime, my wishes came true, and there was a knock at the door, I practically ran to the front door,

"Tegan, hey" I almost stuttered, she was looking as good as ever, wearing short white shorts and a grey singlet top, and her long, red hair was hanging out as usual. Underneath the grey top was a push up bra that looked a size too small, I could see enough of it to know it was blue with a red lace trim around the cups. She smiled at me, those green eyes lit up and she said,

"My parents have gone off on another touristy thing, I told them I'd rather stay and sunbake and swim in the lake, so are you still up for that photo shoot?"

"Definitely, you look great!" She had put on make up like she promised, and it served to accentuate her beautiful face, giving the impression that those innocent green eyes had a dirty side to them, but maintained the innocence.

She came in through the door and kissed me on the cheek again, giggled then took her shoulder bag off and started pulling out some outfits.

"I brought this nice dress" she said pulling out a beautiful, long flowing black silk dress, "And I thought we could do some casual shots as well, with these clothes I've got on, and I brought my bikini too, my parents think I'm swimming today anyway, so we might as well take some shots of that as well" She giggled and pulled out a skimpy yellow bikini top and bottom. I offered her a drink, which she took and sat down sipping at and looking around, she asked "Where do we start?"

"Why don't we get that classy dress of yours on first, Tegan, I have a room I use for my shoots, so we can start in there and see what we come up with" She agreed and after finishing her drink, went to check out the room. I had begun to formulate a plan, now that I had seen what clothes she had brought along I had an order I could use, I reckoned I could get her to show me that body in more detail. I already knew I would see her in that bikini, but I knew I could get her to go further, I just had to play it right.

"You can get changed in my room if you like, I'll set up in here" I said pointing towards my room which was next to the modeling room

"Thanks Michael, I'll be back in a sec" She flashed me the eyes and the smile again, and I grinned back at her. As tempted as I was to follow her into that room and take her on the bed, I knew I had to play this cool, I was surprised I had gotten this far at all.

She came back in dressed in the long black dress, it had a plunging neckline that showed off her nice DD cleavage again, and it was clear that the bra was no longer on her, indeed, when I looked over her shoulder into my room, I could see it lying on my bed, I got a little excited by that sight. 

"Wow" was all I could say. She had done up that bright red hair into a complex little bun, and the length of it caused some of it to cascade down the side of her face and onto the straps of her dress.

"You like?" She asked

"Very much so!" I replied snapping a few shots of her as she walked towards the blank wall I used as my backdrop. I adjusted the lighting in the room to suit her hair, dress and the shots I wanted, and started snapping away, trying to get the best angles and poses out of her. She simply looked stunning, I would love to have taken her to a fancy club in that dress, then taken her home and left the dress on the floor all night of course.

"When we're done with these photos you could easily send them to a modeling agency as your portfolio, you'd be amazing as a model you know" I said this with the greatest sincerity, I really meant it, I'm sure it wouldn't just be me to find her beauty overwhelming, but I was going to be the first to get a piece of it.

"Wow, thanks Michael, I might do that when I get home, I'd never thought about that as an idea before, but these photos are making me think I could do it, thanks heaps!"

"I mean it, you could do it" She smiled at me, then came over to look at the photos I had taken. She was impressed with how they had turned out, she looked a million bucks and she knew it. 

"What next Michael?" She asked excitedly. I had my plan in place still, so I put the next piece of my it into action.

"Well how about the casual look next, put on what you were wearing when you got here and take that hair out, it is very beautiful like that, but it's hardly casual"

"Great!" She said and ran back off to my room. This time she left the door of my bedroom open a bit, and as I packed up my tripod I could see her slide the dress of her shoulders and it cascaded down her back and onto the floor. The sight I got then nearly stopped my heart, she was wearing a blue g-string with red lace around the top, a matching pair to the bra I would say, and her back was completely naked. I looked all the way up her legs onto her beautiful, round ass, up her back with her long red hair flowing down her head. It was this sight I wanted to keep in my head for a long time. She then moved out of my eyesight and I continued to pack up my camera and moved into the lounge.

I'm not sure if she'd left the door of the bedroom open on purpose and put on that show for me, but she had a cheeky grin on her face as she came out dressed in the casual outfit. Like she knew what she'd done to me, like she knew she'd stirred a monster in my pants. But being the professional I was, I didn't let it show on my face and I got my pants monster under control as I asked her what she wanted to do for the next shoot. Plenty of models had turned me on before, and I'd had sex with plenty of them too, but something about Tegan stirred me in a different way, with these photos I was capturing an essence of a very natural and innocent beauty, and I was now hoping very much I could get more of a taste of what I got from the crack in my bedroom door.

I set her up in my living area on the couch that backed onto my lake frontage, and took some cool and casual shots there. She was very keen to show off that ample cleavage in her tight singlet top to the camera, and I took full advantage of that. I got some great shots in the early afternoon light coming off the lake, but after a while the glare from the sun off the water got too bright for the camera, and it became hard to get any good shots of her. 

"Where would you like to go next?" I asked. With this question I hoped to set up the next phase of my plan. You see; my house is very modest, it has lovely lake frontage but is not that big, it has the living area backing onto the lake, with the kitchen off to one side of the living area. But other than that, it only has the bathroom on the other side of the living area and the room that we had taken the first lot of shots in. Other than that, there was only my bedroom, which had my bed, a window and that was all. My bed had been made that morning on purpose in pristine white sheets in the hope that she would come over, and see how nice and inviting the bed looked.

It was with this question that I hoped would make her come up with the next location herself, as then she would not be suspicious of my motives, despite the fact I had set it up so that there were little other options; the kitchen and bathroom were hardly photogenic, and it was too bright outside and in the living area at this stage for any good photos there. Like a carefully prepared trap, it worked;

"We could get some shots in your bedroom, it faces the other way so the light should be right, and I like the look of that bed" She said innocently, and I hid my grin well.

"Sure, sounds great."

When we got into the bedroom, I went over to the curtains and drew the blinds 3/4 of the way, so that the light was just right for a bedroom shoot. As I was doing this, Tegan shut the door behind us, and jumped on the bed giggling, lying on her stomach, facing me with her elbows on the bed, and her fists tucked under her chin, she gave me a great angle, and I got an epic shot, I looked at it and wolf whistled, she giggled,

"Show me!"

"No way missy, too sexy for your eyes!"

"Naw, c'mon, show me!"

"Oh ok, if you insist" 

I jumped on the bed beside her and showed her the picture. I had gotten her perfectly framed by the white sheeted bed, and her bare legs were kicked up behind her, the shorts were too short to be in the picture, and her DD cleavage was hanging at the perfect angle, showing all of it in its glory with the lace of her bra showing just enough above the line of her tight grey top. Her bright red hair had caught the light at just the right angle and it shone bright like a star, and the piece de ristance of the photo was that her mouth was hanging open in mid sentence, and caused a sexy as hell pout that stirred my loins yet again. 

"Ooooh that IS hot Michael"

"You look damn fine right there Tegan"

"Yeah that's my favorite so far, I look sexy as!"

"You really do look sexy! Got a few more poses like that for me?"

"Oh I don't think I could top that," She'd set me up perfectly for what I wanted to come next

"Well there is only one way you could top that, young lady" I said half jokingly,

"Really? I don't think it's possible Michael" She laughed "Unless..." She said hanging it out there, flashing that now famous cheeky grin.

"Unless of course there is less clothing involved" I finished for her, with my heart in my mouth, hoping she went for it. She stopped to think about it and then smiled, 

"Why not, sounds like fun, and I'm feeling really sexy right now thanks to you and that camera Michael." She looked at me and knelt upright on the white sheets and crossed her arms, peeled off her top, I took rapid shots at that point, half expecting her to change her mind, and photos of someone stripping is very hot. After she removed her top her breasts bounced around in her tight push up bra.

"Wow..." was all I could manage. I snapped a few photos, but could no longer stop my erection from finally happening for real, professionalism be damned. She didn't notice and kept posing for me, before stopping to have a look at what I had gotten of her amazing body so far. She leant in close to me, and her amazing tits rubbed up against my arms, causing my blood to race. I was like a giddy schoolboy again, there was just something about her. I had got this far, I must see her completely au natural I thought to myself.

We took some more shots on the bed, from different angles with different poses, and she came over again to look at what we had gotten.

"Told you I could get sexier Michael" She grinned that cheeky grin again, and I stepped back from the bed, and snapped a shot of her from the waist up, in just a bra and flashing that amazing smile, with her beautiful hair framing her face. I looked at that last photo in awe. No matter what I ever did with a camera in my life, it would never be as good as this, I thought to myself.

She laughed in surprise after I took the shot and I got back on track to plan the next move.

"Then I don't think you could get sexier in a photo anymore than this, I think the camera is about to explode!"

She laughed and took up the challenge.

"All right then mister, sexier it is, and lay down on her back, hoisted her legs in the air and pulled off her shorts, revealing the g-string I had seen earlier in the crack of the bedroom door. She grinned seductively and I snapped that,

"OK, I stand corrected, sexier, and sexier still!" I said after a few more shots of that ass in a g-string and those beautiful tits bursting out of her bra. At this time I reminded her that I was not keeping these photos for myself, so that when I suggested the full monty she hopefully wouldn't object.

"Your computer will not know what's hit it when you put these on, and I hope the guy that develops your photos at the pharmacy doesn't blow his load when he sees these" I said in jest, and she laughed some more giving some great shots of her face lit up with a smile.

All this posing and moving around on the bed, had caused the blankets to be very messed up, just as I expected, and so it was with this that I played my next move.

"Why don't you jump under the covers, we'll get some sexy bedroom eyes shots"
