 I got an email from her two days ago. She said her husband was out of town and she needed some pictures taken. We’d been talking on the phone for a few weeks now, and thought it would be the perfect chance to finally meet. We were only three towns over from each other.

April and I have been talking online for a few weeks now. I stumbled upon her pictures on a website and couldn’t help but stare. The first thing I noticed on her was her eyes. She had a cute little round face, and soft lips. She had a few extra pounds on her, but to be honest, it made her look even better. She was a very sexual person, even in the pictures where she wasn’t intentionally trying; I tell you it’s her eyes.

She knew I wasn’t a professional photographer, but I took photographer very seriously. Most people think you need a good camera or a tripod to take great pictures, but I think it all depends on whose hands the camera is in. 

I grabbed my point and shoot camera and the directions to April’s house and headed for the door. It was a short drive, as expected but I was really nervous about it. I had only met one woman from the Internet before and she turned out to be a complete psycho. But April seemed different from her, so I figured it might be fun. This would be an especially difficult photo session, but I had no idea just how hard things would get. But I figured I could get through it in a professional manner. I did one day want to become a professional photographer, and not just with beautiful models. This would be first foray into working with a model.

I pulled up to the apartment complex, and it was just as she had described it. I sat in the car for a few minutes, checking myself in the rear view mirror and just getting my courage to go in there. I kept telling myself nothing would sexual would happen, and you were just doing her a favor by taking these pictures for her. I had no idea what she wanted with them. It never occurred to me she was going to post them on her site. I guess I was too nervous to think this one out.

I went up to the door, camera in hand and rang the doorbell. About a minute later, the door opened and I got the shock of my life. Instead of being in regular clothes (like I expected), April opened the door in a naughty little school girl outfit, including the white dress shirt, plaid skirt, white knee high socks and even more realistic was the hair in two pony tails on the sides of her head. She looked so incredibly sexy.

“I saw your car pull up. I was wondering how long you were going to sit out there before you rang my door”, she grinned. I still thinking I was speechless, trying to take in the sight I held before me. I just kind of shrugged at her, still speechless. “And why did you bring your camera? We’re going to be using my digital camera. This is for the website, silly. And I don’t think you want to go into the pharmacy with these kind of pics. Now get in here, I’m starting to get cold.

Blindly I just nodded my head. I would have walked off a cliff and not thought twice about it. Her house was nice and quaint. She gave me a quick tour through the living room. I set my camera down on the coffee table and found my voice again.

“Well, where would you like to do this? I mean, the pictures.” I asked.

“Believe it or not, the lighting is best in the bedroom. Come on, it’s down the hall and to the left.” We walked into the bedroom. She had set up small lights and a white sheet against the wall. “You know, it’s nice to finally meet you face to face. I already know you pretty well for our first meeting,” she smiled.

Stunned as I usually am, I was able to regain my senses. “Yeah, it’s great. I’m glad you asked me to help you out”.

“Me too”, she smiled again. “I wanted to get these pics done earlier, but my husband had to go out of town. You know how it is sometimes”.

“Yeah, I guess”, she sat on the bed.

“Have you ever directed a photo session before?”

“No, I’m sorry. I haven’t”, but now I was really wishing I had. 

“Well, there is a first time for everything. So tell me what you want me to do?”

“Um, hmmm”, I thought about it. I really had no idea what I was doing now, and I was trying to hide a mean hard on too.

“You are in charge. Whatever you think is a good pose, I’ll do. Don’t be afraid to tell me what to do. Besides, I like a guy in charge”, she gave me a seductive smile. 

She handed me the camera. I took a few seconds to get used to the focus and zoom buttons as April pulled a chair from the hallway into the bedroom. Soon I was ready. I sat down in the chair and focused on the camera on my model. “Okay, April. Turn your head a little to the side, give me a grin”. She did it. “Okay, before we take a picture, I want you to unbutton a few buttons on that shirt. Show me some cleavage”. She nodded her head as two buttons opened. The lacy bra she had on did little to hold her in. I took a few pictures of her. “Play with your hair”, she did this as well. I will admit, I was starting to get into it. I think she was too. Next I had her get on her hands and knees, squeezing her breasts together. April started crawling on the floor, her breasts hanging out of her shirt and bra.

“How’s this?”, she whispered, crawling closer to me.

“Look up at the camera like you are hungry for something”, I say as she slides to my feet.

“I am hungry for something, for someone. For you!” Her fingers trace up my leg and inner thigh. She reached for my zipper, quickly pulling it down and reaching into my pants. I started taking a few pictures as my pants dropped around my ankles and she fished my cock out of the hole in the boxers. With my cock out, she brought her hot mouth to it. I snapped more pictures of her pretty little face bobbing up and down, deep throating my man hood. I couldn’t concentrate on the pictures with the way her lips and tongue felt on me though. Slowly I lowered the camera down to the ground and stared down at her. She looked up at me, my dick in her mouth. I reached down and cupped her tit through her bra. 

April moaned as my cock moved in and out of her mouth. Instinctively I started moving my hips into her. “That’s it, baby. Fuck my mouth”. I pulled her tit out from her bra, pinched at it 

She climbed up on my lap as I fully removed her shirt and bra. We started kissing deeply, I could taste my precum on her tongue. I didn’t care. I started kissing her neck as she ground her hips into mine. She raised my arms and lifted my shirt off my chest. She started rubbing her bare tits against my chest. It was driving me absolutely wild. I couldn’t take it anymore. I bend down to kiss her tits, sucking them into my mouth. I stuffed my mouth full of her tit as she started bouncing up and down on my lap, her fingers wrapping around my cock. April shook her tits around my face. 

She got up with a look on her face. She laid back on the bed, and spread her legs wide open as her panties made their way down her legs to the floor. 

“I’ve had enough of this teasing. Get over here and fuck me”, she reached into the small table by the bed and pulled out a condom. . I watched as her hand slid between her legs, probing her pussy as I unwrapped the condom and slid it down the shaft of my cock. “Yeah, baby. Come on. I want you so bad” she whispered as I climbed on top of the bed towards her.

I laid down on top of her kissing her lips hungrily. I quickly repositioned myself in between her legs. “I wanted you from the moment I saw your first pictures online”, I moaned to her. 

“Then do it. No more talking, just fuck me with your big hard cock!”. I took my cock in hand and drove it into her, splitting her in half. “Oh yeah, baby. That’s it! Give it to me nice and hard now!” she screamed as my hips lifted up and slammed back down into her pussy. April lifted her legs into the air around my hips, tracing the crack of my ass with the heel of her foot. I squeezed her tits in my hand as I pounded into her. She screamed for more. Our tongues danced as I slid in and out of her, moving harder with each entry. We moved in perfect rhythm of each other, her hips meeting my thrusts with each shift of my body. She loved it. I know I did.

It felt so good to be inside her now, the woman I had fanatazied about fucking, I finally was. And she loved every inch of my cock. I watched as my cock disappeared into her body, then I looked deep into her eyes. April arched her back as I bit down on her neck. I did it again, as we both seemed to be enjoying the activity. She drove her nails into my back, leaving scratch marks on the small of my back. I didn’t care. They were souvenirs. 

Her pussy clamped down on my cock as I drove down deeper into her. April moaned for me to fuck her with each thrust. 

“You make me so absolutely wet, baby. I love your cock in me. It feels so incredible.” She screamed. Instead of a vocal response, I pounded harder into her.

I lifted myself over here, staring into her eyes as my cock disappeared into her pussy repeatedly. She was incredible in bed. I knew I was getting close. I grabbed her tits, squeezing firmly in my hand.

“Oh baby, right there… I’m going to CUMMMMMMMM,” I felt a rush of warmness around my cock as her body bounced with delight. She began to calm down. I gave one last push into her as I started to cum.

“Oh God, April. I love fucking you,” I moaned as my cock erupted warm cum into the condom. Sweat beaded off my brow as I caught my breath. I slid off her, pulling her into my arms. 

“You were incredible, baby”, she said as she closed her eyes. We snuggled closer together. 

April and I must have fallen asleep. I woke up a few minutes later. I looked at her, completely out of it. I walked over and picked up the camera. Excited, I looked at the pictures I had taken. I was there for four and a half hours, I only took six pictures worth a damn. But what I got was better than any picture could be.

I decided to wake her up. I could have tapped her shoulder, or called her name. But I had a better idea. I crawled to the foot of the bed and looked up at her. Yeah, she was still asleep. But not for much longer. I started tracing small kisses up her leg to her thigh. Still no movement. I pressed my face against her pussy, sliding my mouth open and my tongue slowly snaked inside her. She began to moan. Her eyes were still closed though. I sucked her clit into my mouth. April’s eyes burst open. I definitely caught her off guard with that. Her hands went through my hair as she pushed my face into her warm pussy.

“Such a naughty boy! How’d you know that was my favorite way of being woke up?” she said as I licked her pussy. I couldn’t respond to her though, I had a mouth full of pussy. I breathed her sweet aroma. My chin nuzzled against her as she started humping my face. I slid my hand to cup her breast as I was rewarded with an explosion of cum in my mouth. 

I crawled up on the bed and kissed her deeply. We laid in bed, kissing and fondling for a little while longer but we were both too tired for sex. Soon after, I left.

I had a feeling this wasn’t going to the last of our photo sessions together.