 "Oh my God, I can't believe that you took these. I know her. What are these pictures?" said Carla my girl friend. I was in another part of the house.

"Gary you have some explaining to do," Carla said in a voice loud enough to reach me. 

I rushed up stairs to see what was going on. Carla my fiancé was seated at my computer looking over a set of pictures that I thought was behind a password, 

"How did you get in that folder?" I asked.

"Well you gave me the password to your password keeper so I could trouble shoot your hard drive. You have been holding out on me mister. You have some very suggestive pictures of people I know," said Carla.

"Look it is a side job; I put an ad in the back page of the weekly saying that would do sensuous photo shoots and several women called, even women that we know. That's the way I financed that fancy rock on your finger."

"Why didn't you offer to do any of me?" asked Carla as she was admiring the object on her left hand ring finger.

Carla would you allow me to take some sexually suggestive photos of you; didn't seem like the best way to start an engagement." I said.

"Why? You bang me like a teenager most nights; you didn't think I would like to have kinky photos taken?" said Carla.

Like most arguments she got the best of me and I sat down to wait until she finished. Carla continued flipping through the portfolio of the photos. She got to one and stopped.

"Oh my God that is Vickie; she looks so good, and positively suck able," said Carla. 

"I will tell her you said that when I see her tomorrow," I said.

"Why will you see her tomorrow?"

"She want's to do another session to update her Special Holiday party invite. She said something about it is an annual party that she has with some intimate friends and each tries out do the other. From what I gather each of her friends has a party on the same night and it is some kind of progressive party with a different theme at each location. So she is coming in for another session with me tomorrow," I said. 

"I think you mean when we see her tomorrow," said Carla.

"Carla my clients expect that I will be discrete, I can't have guests when I shoot."

That quieted Carla for a few minutes and after she looked over a few more photos she closed the file and the app and started poking around other parts of the system. She figured out why the second hard drive would not mount; changed a few settings and after rebooting the machine the drive mounted. It was nice having a computer support person in-house. 

Carla spun around in the chair and faced me. Her hand slipped under her shirt and pulled her top off. Carla was beautiful; even covered by her bra you could see her breasts were full. The vision started my cock to stir out of its slumber. 

"Well what are you waiting for an engraved invitation?" said Carla

Her hand slipped behind her back and suddenly the back straps of the bra let go and her breasts revealed themselves. Carla finished pulling the under garment off and sat back in the chair; twirling the bra with one hand. I reached up and grasp her wrist and brought her over to where I was sitting. She quickly took my wrist and placed my hand on her breast. 

I started to massage her full globe while we kissed. Carla stood and let her sweat pants fall to the floor; reveling her close cropped black as a coal mine pussy. As I was also dressed in sweats her hand invaded my crotch and she soon had my cock in her hands. I stood and finished getting the pants off she pulled my top off. Carla still had her hand around my shaft and was gently applying pressure to my hardening manhood. 

"And what are we doing tomorrow?" asked Carla as she continued to squeeze my cock.

"Your coming to the studio,"

"I am glad that we have that straight," said Carla

Sucking her pussy was her favorite so I went to my knees after she let go of my cock and brought her pussy to my face. My tongue found her clit and I gently sucked on it bringing it to a full erection. I moved down and my tongue invaded her love hole. 

"I love your cock," said Carla relaxing after some spirited lovemaking. We moved to the bedroom away from the computer and were in the king size bed. I rolled over and kissed Carla. My hand found her pussy again and we both fell a sleep.

There was a gentle poke in my ribs, and I felt Carla climb on top of me. I could not see any light coming in the windows, so I knew that it was early.

"You can get up and make my coffee or your can make love to me," said Carla.

Her hand found my engorged member and guided it into her love hole. My lips found hers and we engaged in a long kiss. Carla rose up on her arms allowing me to see her beautiful breasts dangling scant inches from my face. She started to jog up and down on my pole. I was about to inundate her pussy when she got off and replaced her pussy with her mouth. After she cleaned my cock she found my mouth and we continued the broken kiss. She slipped off to sleep and I maneuvered out of bed. 

Down at the other end of the hall was a small kitchenette that I had built to serve us both as we worked from home. I dropped a pod of Carla's favorite coffee in the machine and hit the heavy brew button and watched as it filled her cup. My peripheral vision caught the image of a ghost. But a non-ghostly hand snatched the cup when the machine finished brewing. 

Carla was standing in a translucent gown drinking what would become several cups of coffee. She even joked about main lining the stuff. After putting the cup down she gave my cock a slight tweak, "Just to see if you were still interested." She said.

I walked back to our bedroom and into the attached bathroom and continued my morning duties. When I returned there was a large goblet of orange Juice on the table. 

"I have always liked this picture," said Carla pointing at a black and white photo of a tree with interesting bark. 

"Shot that in college when I was camping with some friends."

"Any female friends I should know about?" 

"Yes there were women with us and no I was fairly celibate when I was in college," I said.

"Well you have made up for it lately," said Carla.

"I've had help, darling."

We both went down to the main kitchen and made breakfast. Carla then went up and dressed. I followed and dressed and grabbed some props that I thought might work well with the shoot. I was still nervous about having Carla in the studio during the shoot. But if I wanted some peace she was going to come.

We agreed that Carla would wait until the end of the shoot to come out. She stationed herself in the studio office watching on the security camera. Vicky arrived dragging an enormous suitcase filled with her costumes. 

She showed me a translucent wrap and I thought it would work well with my concept for the shoot. She moved to the dressing area; when she returned I was blown away. The wrap left nothing to the imagination. I should have remembered how beautiful Vicky is. I marveled at how her breasts seemed to defy gravity. I shot a series of test exposures. Then found her a stool and arranged her with her back to me. I had her pull the fabric tight over her butt and shot several poses emphasizing the crack in her butt cheeks. I then shot a series of poses from the side giving just a hint of her tits. My cock was straining to get touched; I needed to relieve the building pressure. 

Vicky left to change and returned dressed in a full-length faux Leopard coat. After adjusting it to show one of her breasts I shot several more photos. She put on white arm length gloves and allowed the coat to open showing her breasts. She crossed her arms under her tits in an Excuse me post. She then dug up an eighteen-inch French cigarette holder with out the cigarette and held it in a provocative pose with the coat open at her waist showing her pussy. 

Again it was all I could do to stay professional. Vicky was standing at the big monitor reviewing the shots when I walked up and whispered, "Would you be willing to do some girl on girl poses?"

"Do you have someone available?" asked Vicky.

"Yes I do, she is in the back."

"Great but I have a condition, I want to be blindfolded so I will not know who it is."

I had several lengths of black out cloths sitting around the studio and got one and tied it around her eyes. Carla was monitoring the action on a closed circuit camera and walked into the studio. I motioned for her to take her clothes off and stand by me. 

"Vicky, you can't see her but Madam-X is here; are you ready?"

Vicky nodded her head. I came up beside her and moved her to the laboratory stool. I arranged her coat to show her pussy and one breast. Carla moved to her and let one hand massage her pussy while sucking on her breast. I shot several pictures again some how keeping it together. 

Vicky embraced Carla and the pair posed in an extended kiss. I needed to change the battery and memory card in the camera so I went off in search of the items. Vicky and Carla seemed to have made plans while I was away. We continued to shoot with Carla becoming more at ease and trying more poses. There was on with Carla sucking on Vicky's breast while holding her pussy open. Realizing that I had these images of my fiancé making love to a woman almost made me cream. 

The women were telling me that they needed a break and Carla got up from sucking Vickie's pussy and pulled the blindfold off.

"Don't freak out Gary it was planned when you went to the bathroom," said Carla.

She walked up to me and took the camera out of my hand and Vicky dragged me on to the set. A very quick hand undid my belt as the strobes fired multiple times. My briefs were at my ankles revealing my hard cock.

"See Vicky I told you that he was hard. She said that you would not get a hard on," 

"I did not," said Vicky as she stroked my erect manhood. 

Suddenly I felt Vicky's warm wet tongue on my shaft as the strobes continued to fire. With just a few licks I shot across the room. Vicky took my cock in her mouth milking the rest of my cum. 

"I knew who it was when you suggested doing the girl on girl. Carla told me how she found last years photos and demanded that she appear at this year's session," said Vicky.

Carla directed me to the couch on the set and began to shoot more photos of my naked body. "You see all those photo lessons were not wasted," said Carla as she shot even more photos. Carla put the camera down and lay beside me. We kissed and the strobes went off again. This time Vicky was operating the camera. 

With two beautiful women in the room my cock soon began to get hard again. Carla got up "Vicky I will get him tonight I think that you should have some fun."

Vicky replaced Carla and I maneuvered my cock to Vicky's pussy. "Do you know how long I wanted to have you fuck me, Gary?"

The strobes continued to fire as we fucked each other. Sensing my climax coming on Vicky moved down and took my cock in her mouth. "Come on big boy I know that you can do it," said Vicky.

Just as she finished and got her mouth on my cock I unloaded what felt like a gallon of cum. The strobes quit firing and I heard what sounded like aerosol paint cans being shaken. Carla was behind the bar mixing Martinis. She brought two glasses for us and went back to get hers. 

"Just remember I want a copy of all the photos shot today. I might use one of me getting fucked by this wonderful man" said Vicky.

There was a knock on the studio door, "The pizza that I ordered is here," said Carla.

The young woman could not get out of the place fast enough after seeing three mid thirties people stark naked and not trying to cover up. Carla made her wait while she got her purse to give her a large tip. When she left we all had a laugh "We probably traumatized her, I said. I hoped that the police would not visit us. 

Vicky finished a couple of slices of pizza and a second martini and got up to get dressed. Carla and Vicky kissed a long sensuous kiss. That was followed by a long hug with me. "Same time next year guys, put it in your book," said Vicky.