 You gazed out on the deserted beach and watched the sea come into the shore. The sun was beating down on the white sand and the heat seemed to shimmer in the air. You did not even think but just felt the energy in the air that made you feel hot and excited. You felt the heat seep through your oiled skin as you allowed your skin to turn a golden honey colour. You had taken off your swimsuit to avoid tan lines since there was no one here in the steep sand dunes that were the backdrop to the deserted beach.  

Your body was feeling very hot and horny now and you found yourself playing with your nipples without thought, Your hands slid over your shaved pussy and felt the dull throbbing that meant you needed something in it. Then you heard a sound near you and watched as a young man wearing shorts left the protection of the dunes and walked along the shoreline, his eyes covered by sunglasses.  

You watched him look around and then thinking himself alone lay his towel down beneath the sandy ledge you were lying on. You had turned onto your front and you watched him peel off his clothes until he was naked like you. You smiled as you saw his well-toned body and your hand slid between your legs again and parted your wet lips, you rubbed your clit hard feeling a little satisfaction to the dreadful arousal that coursed through your body. You quickly came sating your desire for only a little while. 

You looked at him as he oiled his body, his skin gleaming gold in the sun. He looked like a young god, his muscles stood out and his black hair was shining. Between his legs you saw a beautiful cock not too long or too short but perfect to thrust into your pussy.  

As you watched him you had the glimmer of an idea and you smiled to yourself. Waiting until he seemed to be in that half sleep that can steal on someone tanning in the hot sun, you packed your beach bag and walked softly to the shore where you placed your towel and bag on the sand near to this young man you wanted, then naked you walked up to the man. 

You examined him with your eyes and felt the familiar heat stir in your loins as you feasted your eyes on his buffed body and lusted for it. Your throat felt tight as you came closer and you wondered if this was a good idea but just looking at his lovely cock made you want to do this, he stirred as he he heard the soft whisper of the sand being walked on, then you were above him.

"Excuse me, but can I join you I would love some company." 

The sound of your voice startled him and he sat up covering his half-hard cock with his hands. He seemed so young.  

"Please don't worry. I am sorry that I startled you but it is boring being by yourself."

He looked at you and ran his eyes over your naked body. You could see that he was interested in you and he was as needful of a fuck as you were. 

"Of course I would love some company," his voice was soft and deep and with the answer you quickly settled next to him touching him by accident with a breast. You began to oil your body letting him watch you and become excited.  

"Isn't it a lovely day. I am glad that you enjoy going naked isn't it a wonderful feeling? Could you oil my back?" you said this as you concentrated oiling your breasts in front of the man who tried to hide his erection unsuccessfully.  

At his nod you lay down and turned over as you gave him the oil. Soon you felt the oil drip on your shoulders and back. That was followed by strong, gentle hands that touched and spread the oil over the skin, he was so gentle and firm and you sighed softly. As he touched you, you felt your pussy grow hotter and wetter and you opened your legs so that he could see your pussylips wet and glistening in the sun.  

Before he could stop you asked him to do your legs and buttocks. He did so but he was less assured with his touch as he moved to such intimate areas of your body and you wondered if he was a virgin, certainly he had the air of inexperience. You moved suddenly and you caught the hard cock that he sported in front of his body. You were impressed with its size and girth but gave no opinion on it as you sat up.  

"You know you are very beautiful, you really should be a model, " you said and at your statement he looked embarrassed and looked to his feet as he tried to cover his erection again but only drew your eyes again to it.  

"I am a professional photographer and I would like to take your pictures young man," He seemed to be unsure so you continued, "What have you to lose?" 

He looked at you and you saw his eyes light up with the thought of fame and that his body would be admired. Gently he agreed to your proposition. 

"Well we need you oiled up young man." 

With that he oiled his body once more and you helped him with oiling his back and shoulders promising silently to yourself that he would be oiling you with his body. Of course you oiled his hard, firm buttocks and revelled in the feel of his hard muscled flesh.  

"Turn around, hmmm there is one problem. All models are shaved, that means my dear we need to remove your hair around your cock. Fortunately I have a razor. So get your legs open and I will fix up that problem."  

He seemed a little unsure but your confidence did not allow him any escape. As you knelt between his legs you wanted to kiss his cock but thought that you would do that after some lovely teasing to bring back his erection that had fled with the fear of embarrassment. Taking your oil you applied it liberally to his groin and then taking nail scissors you trimmed the hair from his cock and balls until it was only stubble. Finally you took the razor that you used to shave your own pussy and began to shave the young man, of course taking his cock in your hand so you could move it out of the way when necessary. 

Using smooth, firm strokes you uncovered the skin beneath his pubic hair and around the large sac of balls, lovely soft silky skin that had not been exposed for many years. He shook with the pleasure of your hand as you masturbate him almost as though by accident moving his cock this way or that as you shave him, he holds still with difficulty as his cock grows hard and aroused in your hand. Then you are finished and he is smooth looking even more like a Greek God. You run a finger along his pubic area and his balls marvelling again at the feeling of silk skin and the sight of is hard, straining cock.  

You want to take the shaved cock into your mouth and make him cum in your mouth but you torment him and yourself even more. Reaching into your bag you pull out your camera and told him to go into the sea and face you. The photos started with shy poses not showing much at all but as the sun and the excitement of being a model takes hold of him he becomes more uninhibited and does not try to cover his cock which had again shrunk. Realising you had him firmly hooked you stopped and looked at him.  

"There is something not right with this. Ah you really need to be more excited. Could you stroke your cock a little to get some length there?" you spoke calmly but watched his reaction. 

He looked at you surprised but without hesitation his hand took his cock and he began to stroke the flesh that grew quickly, you watched as his fingers slid across the oiled skin at his cock. You licked your lips unconsciously as his cock grew before your eyes. Now you wanted him and you walked closer to him and spoke softly,"No let me help with that."  

With that you sank to your knees and allowed your face to move near the fully erect cock. You pushed his hands away and replaced them with your own as you sank to your knees between his own as he sat on the sand before you. You began pulling gently on his balls and he sighed and closed his eyes. The sea suddenly rushed between your legs and through your swollen pussylips exciting you. Unable to control yourself your other hand began to rub between your legs. As you felt your fingers find your clit and rub at it, you thought that the cock in front of you seemed to breathe and grow as you touched it. You leant forward and opening your mouth the cock slipped past your lips and rested against your tongue.  

He growled with the pleasure that your mouth brought him. You allowed your tongue to explore the cock that was in your mouth. Your tongue ringed the head of his cock and licked the precum from the surface of his silky flesh. As you gently sucked at his cock your hand circled the base of it and stopped him from cuming yet though pumping up and down on the throbbing flesh. You other hand flew across your clit and thrust in and out of your pussy with one and then two fingers. Your pleasure spread through your body and he thrust back and forth with his hips and his cock pushed in and out of your lips.  

Unable to cum you barely controlled this young male beast and you pulled away from his cock and lay down on the mattress of sand. The sea sometimes touched your body as though trying to cool off the fire that burnt deep in your breast and you allowed your hand to pinch your nipples and still rub between your legs. The man rose to his feet with his cock prominently thrust out and then he fell to his knees between your legs as you lay on your back facing him. Reaching out with your hand you guided his cock to your pussylips and felt him thrust it deeply home into your pussy once he realised where it was.  

You screamed with the pleasure of his cock thrusting hard into you, you came and felt his body thrusting against your own in hard desperate movements. Your clit was hard and swollen and each thrust seemed to be tripping off orgasm after orgasm deep inside your body. As that happened your legs climbed onto his back allowing him to thrust his marvellous cock deeper into you.

"Ohhh fuck that is good. Harder hun harder. I want you in deep," you growled deep in your throat as he grunted and thrust harder and faster into your pussy. Pleasure rushed through you and you gasped your pleasure into the air as you came with incredible passion. 

"I'mmmmmm cuminggg. God I'm cuming. Push, hard , I need you in me, fuck me, damn you."  

You bit at his ear and the sea seemed to rush alongside your body as his cock thrust into you. You felt orgasms float you across the ocean. The man thrust harder and faster and you knew he would cum soon. Your pussy tightened and loosened as your body pulsed with the pleasure that it was feeling. Then he cried in triumphant ecstasy and then finally he came inside you washing your pussy with his cum and he seemed to never end. You felt your pussy flood with hot cum and you clawed at his back as you again came with his thrusting cock shooting cream into your pussy.  

Slowly he finished unable to cum again and softening he rolled back into the rising water. You rose and pulled your body closer to his and then kissed his shoulder gently.  

"Hmm that was nice lover. You ready for some more." 

Your laugh echoed in your throat and your fingers circled his flaccid cock that was beginning to rise at your touch.