 Sandy was nervous as she sat in the waiting room of Frederico, one of New York's finest photography studios. It was a week before her husband Dean's birthday, and she had decided to surprise him with a set of sexy "Boudoir" pictures that he had been hinting at wanting for a number of years. She had heard that this photographer was renowned for eliciting from people their very best and sexiest spirits, without resorting to nudity or graphic sexual expression in the portraits that he took. He apparently had contracts with a number of magazines such as Vogue, Playboy and Elle, and he reportedly studied under Francesco Scavullo, the photographer who made Cosmopolitan magazine so famous for its sexy front cover models. Sandy did not feel particularly sexy that day, in fact feeling self-conscious for even having the nerve to pose for a sexy shoot.

While Sandy was waiting, the receptionist showed her two books of portfolios. She explained that the first book contained samples of what Sandy could expect for a fee of $300.00, and that the second book contained samples of what she could expect for a fee of $3000.00. Surprised, Sandy first examined the photos in Book One, and she noted that they were indeed sexy photos that did seem to bring out the best in the women when comparing the before and after pictures. Sandy had mentally made up her mind to go with the $300.00 shoot, but when she opened Book Two, she was stunned. She had never seen anything like it. From the "before" pictures emerged the sexiest most alluring and attractive "after" pictures of women she had ever seen. They were not dressed any differently from the women in Book One, nor were the poses much different. There was no nudity, but the pictures were definitely very erotic. She could not put a finger on it, but something in their faces, the spirit in their eyes and something in their flesh tone and posture seemed to make the difference. For some reason it was as if she could sense their excitement. As Sandy looked at the pictures she decided she would splurge—not only for Dean, but also for herself—what a memory for life and for her later years –it would definitely be worth the $3000.00, which given what she saw no longer seemed so exorbitant.

The receptionist announced that Frederico the photographer was now ready to start the shoot, and Sandy said she would choose the Book Two options. The receptionist told her she would not regret it, adding that she herself had spent her entire savings last year on that shoot and had not regretted doing so for even a single second. Sandy went into the studio and Frederico introduced himself while preparing the cameras, the lighting and the set design. It was sumptuous. The lighting, the textures, the music and the huge overstuffed bed with rich colors and satin sheets was already making Sandy feel sensuous. Sandy was then taken to an adjoining room where a Hollywood studio-trained make-up designer, wardrobe specialist and hairstylist were standing by to prepare her for the shoot. She felt immediately comfortable with them as they were very friendly and chatty, and they were all women. They told her how sexy she would be as they had her try on various items of lingerie, and as they experimented with a variety of hairstyles and make-up. When they were finally done, Sandy marveled at how seductive and alluring they had managed to make her look. She felt transformed and eager to pose for the shoot.

On entering the studio again, Sandy was met by Frederico who led her to the bedroom set, all the while telling her how sexy and gorgeous she was. He had a demeanor that was honest and sincere, making Sandy feel special and immediately at ease. Frederico told Sandy that he was glad that she had chosen the Book Two options because he felt that her sensuous beauty deserved to be captured on film. He commented on how lucky her husband was to have such a gift prepared for him. Frederico then told Sandy that she would have to be open-minded about the process of the shoot, as what made Book two options so different from the cheaper option was determined by the inner state of mind of the model. That required some innovative techniques, and was not something for the prudish. The methods also had to have a surprise element to them in order to work, thus he told Sandy that he could not reveal in advance what would happen. He asked Sandy to sign a consent form if she wished to continue, and much to her surprise, she did just that despite having no idea about what was to unfold.

That having been accomplished, Frederico said that the shoot would involve four photographs. The first would be one showing Sandy in a contemplative but "thinking about sex" pose—a pose that would show her as being receptive—a pose that would make the observer of the picture see her as magnetic because she would appear "erotically obsessed". Sandy asked him what she should do, but Frederico told her to relax on the bed and to allow whatever unfolded to happen, and to react in whatever natural way seemed most pleasurable to her. Sandy climbed on the bed, and on the ceiling mirror she saw her reflection—My God she did look sexy—the negligee chosen for her was drop-dead stunning, a dusty light purple, baby doll style, and made of pure soft silk at that. It gave Sandy's skin a glowing, healthy color and texture, and her blond hair appeared silky and soft as it reflected the pastel colors of her lingerie. For the first time in ages she felt confident about her attractiveness. As Sandy settled on the smooth satin sheets, a curtain suddenly parted and a handsome hunk of a young stud was sitting on a couch with a beautiful curvaceous model. They were both naked and locked in a hot passionate embrace. His body was muscular and sculpted perfectly, and he had an erection that was being stroked by the woman while he felt her breasts, teased her clitoris and kissed her on the neck and behind the ears. Sandy was shocked, but she watched transfixed, feeling her own passion rising rapidly at the sight before her. She unabashedly became aware of wanting this handsome man to do all the things to her that he was doing to the model. As she watched and lusted, she began unwittingly to stir on the bed, squirming and adjusting position. She was unaware of the click of Frederico's camera motor drive, which captured Sandy's hunger and sexual interest frame after frame. After Frederico had finished the roll of film the curtains closed, and Sandy was jarred back to reality. A little embarrassed, she asked when the photography session would begin, and was surprised to hear that one roll was already shot.

Frederico asked Sandy to relax again, as they were now ready for the second photo that was to show Sandy in a pose that reflected her eagerness to be touched and fondled. The photo would be seen by the viewer as a look that suggested invitation to sexual foreplay and would be experienced as extremely erotic. Sandy settled back on the bed and once again the curtain opened. This time only the handsome young man appeared—still naked he approached the bed and to Sandy's shock, he gave her a deep and passionate French kiss. He ran his hands over her body, caressing her breasts and feeling down to her legs where he slid his hands under her negligee and started to caress her pussy. It was already soaked and Sandy squirmed under his touch. She responded by kissing him back deeply and running her hands over his gorgeous body. He tweaked and manipulated her clitoris until she thought she would explode, and at that point he backed off. He went back to the curtain area where the young woman reappeared. Sandy was on fire, but what she saw next left her stunned. The man pushed the female down on the couch, spread her legs and began to lick and suck her pussy for all it was worth. The woman moaned and sighed in sheer delight. Without thinking Sandy started to feel herself above her clothing as she watched, wishing that it were her who was getting that treatment. Suddenly feeling on the verge of orgasm, Sandy pulled her hand away and breathlessly continued to watch the sexual feast in front of her. As she watched, she was unaware that Frederico's motor drive fired through another roll of film as the curtain once again closed on the scene. 

Frederico told Sandy to relax again---tall order given her hot state of passion she thought--- because they needed to shoot photo three. This photo was to reflect Sandy in a state of readiness for intercourse. It was to be seen by the observer as a state of extreme arousal that suggested she could only be satisfied by a hot throbbing session of sex. As Sandy settled on the bed again, the curtains opened and the young stud once again approached the bed. His body was beautiful and his penis was hard and erect. He pushed Sandy back on the bed, pushed up her negligee and pressed his face between her legs. He began to lick Sandy's clitoris up and down the shaft, sometimes in a circular motion, and at times stopping to suck on her now swollen button. Sandy swooned, as her head pressed back into the pillows, her pussy grinding into the young man's face, enjoying the sensations and approaching close to orgasm again. Just when she thought she would go over the edge, the young stud got up, gently pulled her negligee back down over her again, and retreated to the curtain area. The young female model appeared again. Grabbing the male's penis and stroking it while they walked, she led him to the couch. She spread her legs wide for him and they went into a furious bout of intercourse, all in front of Sandy's sex-starved eyes. Sandy wanted that penis to be inside of her—every ounce of her ached for what the female model was experiencing—and all the while Frederico's motor drive clicked off the frames.

Frederico announced that they were now ready for the fourth and last photo. This one would show Sandy in a different light. There would be an aura of sensuousness and texture, but also of serenity. Frederico explained that the object was to leave the observer with a sense of wanting to hug and caress, but softly. The aura would also reflect an "after-glow" that captured the spirit of the subject. Sandy could not fathom how she would pose in this tranquil manner, as every nerve in her body was raw. But as before, the curtains parted once again and the young male came to her bed. He had a rock-hard erection that Sandy could not help but grab. As she stroked and pumped it, the young male got up onto the bed, parted her legs and plunged his firm hot penis into her. Sandy gasped, not believing this was really happening. She thought maybe the whole thing had gone too far, but the sensations were so incredible that all she could do was to give in to the feelings and to enjoy the ride of her life. As her tension mounted Sandy was now lost in a dream world, no longer connected to reality. Sandy's passion rose with every stroke of this gorgeous man's penis until she felt that she was reaching the point of no return. With a loud moan Sandy felt the crashing arrival of her first orgasm, an all-enveloping feeling of both intense almost unbearable sensation, and at the same time incredible erotic pleasure. This was followed by wave after wave of contractions and further orgasms, until Sandy lay on the bed depleted but feeling completely fulfilled. A feeling of sensuous serenity swept over her, and she lay there with her eyes closed basking in the dreamlike quality of her mental and physical state. As usual, Frederico's motor driven camera went unnoticed as it captured these precious images of Sandy.

The next awareness Sandy had was of Frederico waking her. She seemed surprised, as Frederico had told her she must have really relaxed into the photography session if she had fallen asleep. He told her that it was good that she had fallen asleep, as he felt that for whatever reasons, he managed to get some phenomenal shots as a result. He smiled, winked at her and asked if she had had any "interesting" dreams. Sandy just lay there in a daze. Frederico told her that the photos would be ready in one week, just on time for Dean's birthday. He promised that he would select the four very best shots and put them in an album format that would leave no doubt in anyone's mind of Sandy's seductive beauty.

Dean's birthday worked out as perfectly as Sandy had planned it. After a wonderful dinner out, Sandy and Dean came home. Sandy opened a bottle of wine, toasted and kissed Dean and gave him his present. He unwrapped the package and removed the photo album with the four pictures in it. Dean was taken aback. He was overwhelmed by the sexiness of each picture, and most pleased at how beautiful and alluring Sandy was. It was really strange, but despite the fact that there was no nudity nor any sexual actions being depicted, the pictures were highly charged with eroticism. The backdrops were lavish and the negligee Sandy wore was exquisite. Dean thought that the pictures were on the surface modest enough to show his male friends, yet the arousal they induced would make him think twice about doing so. He could not understand why, but as he flipped from one picture to the other, he could almost sense Sandy's inner state, rising from curious sexual excitement to an almost absolute desperation in wanting sex. Dean had never felt so turned on by a picture of his wife, or for that matter any picture of any woman. He knew he wanted her right then and there. Dean told Sandy that this was the best gift she ever could have given him. Sandy smiled and said that as far as she was concerned, she enjoyed the gift every bit as much as he did—maybe even more. With that, Sandy eagerly took Dean to the bedroom for a night of the wildest sex they had ever experienced.