 "Have a seat Alan, and the doctor will be in to see you," the nurse told him as he took a seat on the examination table. It was his senior year, Alan had just turned 18, moved to a new town, and in order to play for his new school's baseball team, he had to get a physical. He looked around the ordinary looking doctor's office and wondered to himself what exactly Doctor Olin looked like. His questions were answered when the door opened and a tall, hot blonde woman stepped into the room. She was wearing a lab coat that came down to her knees, and under that a white blouse that showed a lot of cleavage.

"Hi Alan," she said as she moved over to the examining table. "How are you doing today?"

"Okay, I guess," he managed to stutter out as he took in his lovely new doctor. What luck! Alan thought at having a physical performed such a hot, young blonde doctor. He couldn't stop his hands from shaking a little from just looking at her. With blue eyes, a pretty face, and stunning measurements of approximately 36C-26-38 by Alan's judgment, who couldn't stop their hands from shaking?

He couldn't stop staring as she seemed to float around to the room, taking his blood pressure, listening to his heart beat, and taking his pulse. Her ass was firm and tight, and her breasts were full and voluptuous. His eyes never left her body and she didn't seem to notice, and if she did, she didn't mind the attention of the handsome 18 year old. He was beginning to get turned on by the beautiful woman examining him, and before long his 7" dick began to make a tent in his shorts.

"Okay," she said, "I need you to lie back on the table for me...that's it. I just need to check your stomach here." When Alan lay back, he knew she could see his hard-on. It was sticking straight up in the air at the ceiling, but Doctor Olin acted as though she didn't even see it. She just continued checking his stomach and chest for any problems. She walked over to the small desk in the room and made a few more notations on her chart and took her lab coat off complaining that it was getting a little warm in the room. Underneath the coat, she had on a white blouse that allowed Alan to see the lace of her bra very clearly. She also had on a small black skirt that was probably only a few inches lower than her panties.

"All done there, I need you to stand up for me now...good. Very good," she said as she bent over and began to undo his belt and the button on his pants. After she had undone his belt and pants, she hooked her finger in the side of his pants and slid them down past his knees, boxers and all. His cock was now sticking straight out at her face, but she continued to act as if nothing was happening. She took hold of his balls and said, "I need to you to turn you head and cough...good, now the other way...good." Just as Alan thought she was done and he could pull his pants up and save his embarrassment, she moved her hand up and gripped his cock!

She slowly began stroking it and looked up at him. Alan was in ecstasy. Getting a hand job from his new hot young doctor on his first visit to her office. He closed his eyes and his mind reeled at the sensations he was experiencing from the young woman. He nearly shot his load when he felt something warm and wet engulf his prick. He looked down and the doctor had taken his cock between her hot, pouty lips and was slowly sucking him off.

His cock was in absolute ecstasy as she manipulated his shaft with her nimble tongue. She swirled her tongue around the head and then licked his shaft up and down, over and over again. She slowly backed off and then took his balls into her mouth one at a time, slowly rolling each one with her tongue before moving to the next. After each had received a tongue bath she slipped his head back into her mouth and began to pump back and forth.

All while this was happening, Doctor Olin was playing with her tits and rubbing her mound through the fabric of her panties. She was constantly moaning onto Alan’s dick in her mouth due to the immense pleasure she was inflicting upon herself. When the doctor began sucking on his dick once more, Alan reached down and placed his own hand on the doctor’s breasts and began fondling them. This freed the doctors other hand and both immediately moved down to her hot pussy which needed urgent attention.

Through all of this, Alan managed to remove the doctor’s blouse and he massaged her breasts through her bra. The blowjob was starting to get to him and he felt the tingling down in his balls that foretold his coming orgasm. Doctor Olin recognized what was happening and started deep-throating him hoping to have him cum in her mouth. Alan felt his balls contract and he started spewing cum down the doctors throats for what seemed like an eternity. 

When he had finished cumming, the doctor rose up and pushed him back down on the examining table. As he was laying down, she unsnapped her bra and let her voluptuous breasts spring free into the open air. Alan let out a gasp as their wonderful beauty engulfed him. He reached up and began fondling her nipples on her firm and wonderful breasts. As he was feeling her up, Doctor Olin took off her skirt and panties, exposing her shaven cunt to the open air. 

"How did you like your blowjob?" she asked. "I like to teach teenage boys about sex. It helps them learn and have a more healthy sex life."

"The blowjob was great," he replied, "but I really want to fuck you."

"Of course."

She climbed up onto the table and straddled his erect penis and slowly sat down on him. Alan groaned as he felt the hot, wet tunnel engulf his member like a velvet vise. It was absolutely incredible how he was feeling. She began to ride him and he reached up and massaged her tits as she bounced up and down on his rod. After the blowjob, he was so hot he didn't last long, and he felt the familiar tingling once again.

"I'm cumming!" he yelled.

"So am I!" the doctor screamed right back.

Alan felt her pussy grip his prick like a vise and he couldn't stand it any longer. He began rapidly spasming into her hot cunt. Spurt after spurt, he came inside of her. She began her orgasms right after and fell exhausted on top of him. They lay there for a while catching their breath and fondling each other in post coitus bliss before the doctor got up and began replacing her clothes.

"I'm pronouncing you in excellent health, Alan," she said as she began to make marks on his chart. "Put your clothes back on and I'll see you during your next visit." After she had finished dressing, she left to attend to her other patients. Alan shrugged, replaced his clothing, collected the form to turn in to his coach and noticed another piece of paper underneath it. It said, "Be sure to come back soon for your in-season 'performance evaluation.'"

"You bet I will," Alan said to himself as he collected his things and started home.