 MONDAY

Rachel crawled under the piano and read the back panel labels carefully. Thinking for a moment, she grabbed the power cable and pulled it partially out. Testing it to ensure it would stay in the socket she backed her way out from under the piano and then stood. She looked at the display and saw it was lit and showing the standard welcome screen that it always showed after turning the power on. She frowned and jiggled the piano a bit and then gave a satisfied smile when the display went dark. 

She checked the clock and her smile grew wider. Brian was due to arrive any minute and she rushed to the window to watch for him. She looked outside but did not see Brian's car. She then looked at herself in the mirror, forcing the smile from her face and frowning deeply; she furrowed her brow trying to make an angry expression. She tried again a couple of times and then grinned to herself in satisfaction.

She went to the window once more and then smiled brightly as Brian's car pulled up outside. She watched him approach the building and licked her lips in anticipation as she waited for the call button to buzz.

"Yes?" she said into the intercom.

"Hi it's me," she heard him say, his voice sounding tinny and thin through the cheap intercom system.

She buzzed to open the door and then went again to the mirror to practice her angry face. When she heard the knock she put on her sullen expression and then opened the door.

"Hi," Brian said, his own expression uncertain.

"Hi," she answered, "come on in."

She stood aside to let him enter and extended her arm to point at the piano. Brian nodded and went quickly to the instrument looking decidedly uncomfortable.

"I just don't understand why it doesn't work!" he said as he pulled one side of the piano away from the wall. 

"Well," she said quickly, "it doesn't!"

He checked the power button and made sure it was in the "on" position; he made sure the power cable was connected; then he checked to ensure the speaker cables were attached. He straightened and frowned, putting his fingertips to his pursed lips. 

"I don't' get it!" he said in a troubled voice. "Listen Rachel, I'm really sorry about this! I never thought this thing would give you so much trouble."

Rachel allowed herself to smile and then once more assumed her angry face as she sat on the couch. She watched him puzzle over the piano and admired his physique as she did so. She couldn't help but remember all the pleasures that physique had given her over the past three days and she smiled to herself as she replayed those days in her head.

She glanced at the window to make sure she had drawn the blinds closed; just yesterday she had been mortified when, after making love to Brian in that window seat, she had seen an elderly woman watching them in fascination. She had no wish to repeat that incident!

As Brian continued to study the piano she continued to study him. 

"Would you like a drink?" she asked him.

He looked at her in a distracted way and nodded, then went back to studying the piano. 

She went to the kitchen and poured some lemonade. As she returned to the living room he heard his triumphant call.

"Ah-ha!" he said. "That was the problem. The power cable wasn't all the way in so the power supply wasn't working. I must have knocked it loose when I came to install the speakers yesterday."

Rachel smiled and walked toward him, the two glasses of lemonade in her hands. She stopped and placed the drinks on the table beside the piano and then dropped to her knees.

Without saying a word she undid Brian's pants and pulled them to his ankles in one motion. She grabbed his boxer shorts and whisked them to his ankles as well. She then grasped his flaccid cock in one hand and, with a look of pure hunger in her eyes, popped it whole into her mouth and began sucking on it. Brian gasped and put his hands in her hair. She swabbed her tongue over it and around it, flexing her cheeks in and out with her sucking and hummed to herself in satisfaction as it grew in her mouth.

She looked up at Brian, her eyes half closed with lust as she sucked him. She mouthed his cock, reveling in the feel of it as she slid it in and out of her mouth. Brian stared at her in amazement, his mouth open wide and his own eyes half closed as the feelings of pleasure washed over him. He gasped and grunted; now beginning to thrust his hips in time to her sucking motion. 

"I'm going to cum!" he gasped.

Rachel moaned and redoubled her efforts; sucking him into the back of her mouth and then pulling him almost all the way out. She unbuttoned her blouse and pushed it back on her shoulders, revealing that she was not wearing a bra. Brian smiled when he saw her tits and then moaned softly as she continued to suck him. She let the blouse fall back over her shoulders and to the floor then looked directly into Brian's eyes. With a devilish grin she held his cock just inches from her lips and stroked it with one hand.

"I'm not wearing panties either," she whispered. "I want you to fuck me after you cum in my mouth."

Brian groaned in reply and put his hands firmly on either side of her head. She opened her mouth wide and allowed Brian to pull her face forward until his cock slipped between her lips. With long slow strokes, he fucked her mouth, thrusting his hips forward and back, holding her head between his hands and sighing and gasping his pleasure. With a desperate grunt he began to cum. She closed her lips around the head of his cock and hummed in pleasure to herself as she felt his semen spurt into the back of her throat. She took hold of his ass, placing one hand on each of his buns and held him still as he shuddered through his orgasm. She could feel his legs tremble as his cock erupted into her mouth, once, twice and then a third time, the salty fluid coating her tongue and gums. 

She giggled softly as his cock began to shrivel and then began to nurse it with her mouth and hands. Brian fell back onto the piano bench as she ministered to his cock, unable to stand any longer and fearful he might just fall to the floor. She was relentless. She pulled at it, stroked it and suckled on it as Brian gasped and moaned. She gave a gleeful cry when his cock at last began to respond, gradually hardening in her hands and mouth as she toyed with it. 

She ignored his pleas to let him rest for a moment; she continued to work on his penis until it was once again hard and ready for her. She got up from the floor and straddled his lap, pulling her knee length floral print skirt up until it was bunched around her waist. As promised, she was not wearing panties. 

She held his cock head to her opening and then sank down on to it with a grateful sigh. She looked him in the eye as he penetrated her, her mouth curled into a slight smirk. She inhaled deeply and looked down for a moment, savoring the sight of his cock buried inside her. She looked him in the eye again and then began to ride him.

He leaned forward and kissed her, trying at last to take some initiative. She met him halfway in a desperate kiss that threatened to suck the breath from his lungs.

'So much for trying to gain some control!' he thought to himself.

She held him with both arms around his neck and continued to kiss him. She pushed herself up and down on his cock in a frenzy until she was gasping for breath and winded. She gave him a pleading look and sank down on him one last time.

"Please fuck me!" she said in desperation. "I need you to fuck me!"

Brian got to his feet with his hands wrapped around her back and her legs wrapped around his waist. He held her tight with his cock still inside her and walked with short quick steps to the couch. He let her fall to the couch, still buried inside her, and then started pounding into her. His hips were pistoning back and forth and Rachel was thrashing underneath him and whispering her cries into his ear. He nuzzled into her neck and thrust again and again, knowing that she was close.

With a breathy whimper she clasped her arms around his neck and held him still, a low groan escaping her lips as her orgasm overwhelmed her. She kissed him passionately and sighed and moaned as she climaxed. Tears began leaking from her eyes and streaming down the sides of her face as she came and came and came. 

Her body, taut and rigid just a moment ago, suddenly went limp. Her arms flailed to her sides, one of them dangling to the floor and the other reaching up to the back of the couch. Her legs released their grip on his hips and fell with a thump.

Brian, still hard and pumping in and out of her kissed her tenderly.

"Do you want me to stop?" he asked.

She smiled and shook her head between gasps for breath. She looked him in the eye and her smile widened.

"I never want you to stop!" she said.

She held him close again and kissed him, the waves from her orgasm finally beginning to subside. Brian returned her kiss and continued to fuck her, his strokes beginning to quicken and become more powerful. He pulled back and smiled.

"I'm going to cum too." He said.

Rachel cooed and nuzzled into his neck.

"Cum for me!" she said as she kissed his throat. "I want to feel you cum."

After a few more strokes Brian held still and squinted his eyes as he came. This time when he came it slowly dribbled out of him and into Rachel's pussy. She couldn't feel him spurt but she could tell by the expression on his face that he was cumming. She kissed him softly and moaned in response.

