 I had been sitting at the bar for about twenty minutes sipping a cold one and checking out the action. Women were sitting in groups of twos and threes, some even solo enjoying their cocktails and unwinding after a hard week at the office or job or whatever they did to earn their keep. Laughter mingled with the cigarette smoke drifting lazily around the tables. All together a pleasant atmosphere where the trials of the outside world melted away. Because tonight was Saturday night and I felt strangely exhilarated. 

My eyes scan the room looking for that special someone to spend the evening with when I saw you leaning against the bar while sitting on the stool. Calmly smoking a cigarette and taken leisurely sips from a frosty Margarita. You turned around and studied the crowd tasting your cold drink. I watched as you brushed away the advances of several men. But I’m intrigued. You were beguiling me from a distance. And as sure as the moth is drawn to the flame, I had to try my luck with you. 

Before I set forth I looked you over. Hmmm! Perhaps late thirties, early forties. Sort of a dark blond hair. Nice solid body. Even sitting on that stool I could see you had the kind of ass that a man would love to get his hands onto. I also noticed and appreciated the solidness of your thighs and calves. Now I know many males like the big boobs, but for my money the best part of a woman’s body outside of her mind is the derriere. So stirred up and with nothing to lose but a bruise to my pride I ambled my lanky frame towards you. 

“How ya doing?” I asked. 

“Not bad. How about you?” you replied. You then raised your glass and took a long swig of the Margarita. 

I almost stumbled over my words. Seeing your eyes for the first time took my breathe away. They are this beautiful blend of gold-green and brown overtones that are absolutely stunning. “I’m fine, thanks,” recovering from my surprise. 

“Nice to know. ”you answered taking another deep draught from your Margarita. Draining the drink you set the empty glass on the bar. 

“Care for another?”

“Sure why not. ”

I ordered another round of drinks from the bartender. When it arrived you suggested that we might be more comfortable finding a table instead of standing at the bar. 

You led the way. The sway of your hips, an erotic beacon, guiding me through the crowd. “This looks fine. ” Then you sat at a secluded table in the dimly corner just off from the main flow of traffic. 

We sat together with a view of the dance floor and engaged in small talk while we drank. It was shortly after our conversation had begun that you first stroked my crotch with the back of your hand. My immediate reaction was that it was just an accident. Then it happened again this time with a more insistent pressure. Turning your hand palm down and firmly rubbing my now hardening cock you asked how I was doing. 

I was near speechless. Here I was in a secluded, though public, area with a foxy woman feeling the growing lump in my jeans. “Just fine. ” I stuttered. “How about you?”

You grinned slyly. “I have this spot right here that needs some attention.” You then guided my hand to the slit at the front of your dress, parted your thighs and slid my fingers to your waiting pussy. 

I moved my finger under the dress and to my amazement you were not wearing a stitch. My heart began pounding harder as I stroked your silky pubes. I was a little nervous about being spotted, however my fermenting lust overcame any inhibitions I may have had and I proceeded to gently finger your moistened labia. 

Your eyes took on a radiant appearance as you began subtlety shifting your hips to the rhythm of my finger fucking. You whispered, “Go a little faster and rub my clit more. ”

The combination of your coarse language and your mounting pleasure at the semi public display cause my hard cock to strain against the fly of my jeans. Unzipping my pants you released my cock and continued to rub my erection. The effect was incredible. If this kept up I would cum in a few minutes. 

Just as I was trying to maintain my composure you began to close your eyes and take sharp breaths. 

“Oh, I’m going to come!” you whispered hoarsely in my ear. “Ughhhh, Ughhhhh!” Then you quickly pushed my hand away from your very wet pussy. 

You leaned back into the seat still with a firm grip on my engorged member. “I really needed that. ” Then you reached for your cigs and the remains of your Margarita leaving my neglected pole all alone. 

I sat still for a few moments with my member exposed under the table. I tucked my penis back into my pants figuring that you were done for the evening. 

“Let’s get another drink before we leave,” you said demurely with no hint in your voice to suggest you had just had an orgasm. 

“Sure, why not!” Who the hell could figure where this was all going. 

The small talk continued as we played with the ice in the drinks. between pauses in the conversation. We flirted and kissed each other the way lovers do. 

“I think it’s time to go. Why don’t you come home with me, honey?”

“How can I say no to you? Sure, let's go. ”

We left the bar and headed to our autos. “You can follow me in your car. I only live a few blocks away. ”You laughed and turned on your heel. 

Within a short while we arrived at your place. I was out of my car in a flash and horny as hell. 

No sooner had you turned the key, opened the door and stepped inside, we were in an impassioned embrace. Scrambling hands and nimble fingers soon had the clothes stripped off and on the floor in an untidy pile. 

Your hands grabbed my shoulders and pushed me down to your waiting pussy. “Eat me now...I’m so fucking hot for your tongue. ”you ordered me. 

No encouragement needed here. I breathed in the musky wetness of your cunt. Beginning with licking your labia I worked my way towards your erect clitoris and applied tongue lashing after lashing. The juices of your pussy covered my face and I continued to inhale that wonderful fragrance of a woman in full heat. 

Both your hands pushed my face harder into your sex. “That’s it...yes that’s it...Ohhh...Ughh... Then came your second cum of the evening. It smashed against your psyche like waves on a storm strewn beach. And again you pushed me away. 

Taking me by the hand you pull me down the hall and enter the bedroom. Scrambling up onto the bed you assume the doggy position. 

Now I must say that this was a magnificent sight to behold. Your ass is perfection. Wide and solid. I’ve never seen one that is so appealing. The crack of your pussy exposed the puffy pink engorged lips framed in blonde pubic hair. I’m in heaven. This is truly a turn on. I can smell your sex and it is an aphrodisiac. I can’t wait any longer and thrust my hard dick into your waiting cunt. 

You shove back with every plunge forward. Now I’m hammering your pussy for all it’s worth. I grab both your ankles and continue to fuck you harder. 

“UUUGGggggghhhhh...”You begin your climax. “OHHHHhhhh... Oohhhhhhh!”

As the orgasm runs it’s course your pussy clamps down on my harden dick and now I’m cumming also. “OOHHhhhh...GGOooddddddd!”It feels like I’m shooting buckets. 

We collapse on the bed. That post coital calm descends on us as we lay wasted side by side. 

You roll over to me and kiss me. “Good night, Honey.”

I kiss you good night also. “Sleep tight dear.”

And now the husband and wife fall soundly asleep.