 James sat back in the cramped seats of the airliner. His long legs made flying uncomfortable. But in spite of is discomfort he could not help smiling to himself. He was finally going home. It was the longest time he had been away; he missed her terribly. Even more he had remained faithful. Not that it was difficult, he only had eyes for her, he sighed. The worst part was that his dorm style accommodations made it impossible for him to even relieve himself. 

His thoughts were centered on her. She had insisted he wear his tuxedo for tonight. He got a number of looks going through the airport but still he complied. At least partially. He had his jacket and tie in the hanging compartment waiting to be put on before he left the airport. He pulled out the envelope containing her last letter and sniffed her perfume still lingering on it. 

He read the fantasy she had written once again and felt himself stiffen reading her words. He imagined her in the bath as she had written and how he surprised her with wine and a rub. 

James was startled from his revelry by the captain's announcement that they were preparing for landing. He soon found himself in the airport with his bags collected. He saw a vendor selling roses and thought a single red one seemed a nice touch for whatever she had planned. 

As he walked towards the taxi area a uniformed chauffeur approached him. "Are you Mr. Smith?" he asked. James said he was and the chauffeur proceeded to explain that he would be taking him to his destination. 

"Nice," James thought as he was lead to the waiting limo. He was soon settled in the soft leather interior while the driver put away his bags. James saw the chilled bottle of champagne already opened and poured himself a glass in the elegant crystal beside it. 

As they left the airport he began to wonder where they were going. He recognized the area but did not know the destination. The driver was totally silent. Soon he began to relax from the hustle and bustle and finished his glass. He pulled the scented letter out again and reread it. The anticipation of seeing her combined with the setting soon made him aroused again. He adjusted himself and waited. 

Soon they pulled up in front of a night club. He was not familiar with the place but it appeared to be an upscale Jazz club with lots of chrome and glass. The driver moved to let James out while he asked if he could take his glass. Hearing that he could James filled two and got out. 

He moved toward the door a single rose and two glasses of champagne in his hand. The driver opened the door for him and he walked inside. 

As he stepped from the daylight into the dark building he was temporarily blinded. James paused to allow his eyes to adjust. As he began to see he saw a dimly lit piano in the back of the room. What he saw then took his breath away. She was there on the piano dressed only in a men's shirt, black stockings and heels. Her long blond hair cascaded down her shoulders. 

She watched him enter and the look on his face as he entered. She could not help feeling her own breath quicken as she watched him move toward her. His tuxedo was accentuated by the dark room and the single rose he carried. Then she saw the champagne and smiled. 

Seeing her in the soft floodlight on the piano with soft music broke down his control. He rushed to her set down the glasses on the piano and took her in his arms. She melted in his arms and they kissed. All of their longing flowed through their lips as they locked in their embrace. The kiss went on. 

Finally they broke their kiss. James took a deep breath filling his nostrils with her scent and stood up. Lust filled him as he gazed upon the scene she had so carefully set. 

He looked longing into her eyes and saw the same lust as was in his. He reached for her again and kissed softly on the lips then nibbled her neck as his hands found her breasts, straining to be free of the shirt. He caressed her as gently as his passion would allow. She moaned softly into his ear and he felt himself beginning to lose control. 

He ran his hands down her body while he kissed slowly down her neck then her cleavage. One hand undid the straining buttons as his lips kissed gently down her full breasts. 

His hands easily opened the buttons of her blouse as his lips continued their hot trail down her heaving breasts. He stopped to squeeze them together with his hands as he began to lick the nipples. She moaned in pleasure as he sucked them into his mouth. She moaned again as he abruptly stopped and began to move slowly down her stomach. He kissed her thigh softly then plunged hungrily onto her wet lips. He savored her scent and the taste as she laid back and allowed him to eat her in earnest. 

James felt his tongue causing the desired effect. She began to moan and her heels dug into his back pushing him closer. He could feel her getting closer and knew it was time to reluctantly stop. 

She moaned in protest as he pulled away from her. But watched him hungrily as he unzipped his tuxedo trousers and pulled out his manhood throbbing and glistening in anticipation. She pulled him close as she scooted to the edge of the piano. Then he entered her and together they were finally whole time seemed to stop as they joined in the intensity of passion delayed. Both gasped as the pleasure took hold and slowly they ground against one another. She looked away and saw the image of him taking her on the piano him in his tux; the flower framing the photo as they were locked together in ecstasy. The erotic image of the scene burned in her minds eye, and she knew she would replay it for many years to come. As they continued their rising passion, her attention was drawn back to the task at hand. 

James felt his pace quicken and her moaning was putting him over the edge. The whole scene was so erotic he knew he would not have much time left. At least he knew it was not going to end with just this one time so he relaxed. Just as her pace quickened and she pulled him deeper into her. She began to moan as she squeezed him tightly. The rhythmic contractions of her vagina began and James knew it was all he could hope for just to hold on as she set of the chain reaction starting deep in his balls. He could feel the heat pulsing through him as her contractions became more intense and her moans turned into passionate screams. He exploded the force of six months inside her filling her with his desire. Pulsing and spewing the hot cum and pent up passion as they grabbed one another in ecstasy then collapsed on the piano in joy of satisfaction.