 As his hand moved down her belly and slid under the elastic of her panties she knew that there was no stopping this now. Of their own mind her knees spread apart, and she pushed her pelvis slightly toward his warm seeking fingers. The rational part of her mind reeled wondering how she had gotten here so quickly with this man she had only just met, what fifteen minutes ago?

She started to laugh but just then the tip of his finger brushed gently across the skin covering her clitoris. She sucked in a breath and held it in eager anticipation of more. The touch was electrifying. His hands were so warm and so inviting. 

She shuddered as his lips nuzzled the skin behind her ear and pleasure raced down her nerves to pulse in her pussy. She could feel how wet she was. She could feel her pussy lips swelling with desire. Who was this man and why was he having such an effect on her?

A short while ago she had entered a piano store. It was a place she never went, but a good friend was having a birthday party, and it was suggested she pick her up a piece of sheet music for her. And so she had googled this place and strolled in unsure of herself. She heard wonderful music playing over what must be the store's speakers, and she spun around looking at all the black pianos that filled the place. Grand pianos, baby grands, uprights. 

She was surprised she knew all the types but as she turned to stare at them all she spotted a small rack of piano music over by a wall and so she wandered over. As she started to go through some of the music she noticed that the music she was hearing was coming from the room that was joined to this one through an opening. 

Curious she had peeked around the corner and was stunned to see a man playing a digital piano in the corner. This was where the music was coming from! Before she knew it her feet had carried her over to stand near the man. She first watched his hands playing over the keys. Wide hands with long fingers, meticulously manicured and gentle in their touch. She raised a hand to touch her breast bone and finally looked at the man himself. 

He was older than her, but it was hard to say just how much. He was one of those men who aged so slowly. He was startling bald, but it suited him. He had one of those heads that were just meant to be bald. He was clean shaven and well dressed in designer jeans. He was completely engrossed in his beautiful playing and hadn't yet noticed her. He wore glasses and she could see that his eyes were half closed enjoying the pleasure of playing. He was slight of build but fit.

And she wanted him.

The thought rocketed through her like a thunder clap.

She wanted this man to have her. He looked so ... so ... right. 

Brazenly she reached out and touched his shoulder. The man jumped in his seat and a discord of notes filled the room. She laughed in embarrassment.

"I'm so sorry!" she exclaimed. "You play so beautifully, I just wanted to tell you that." She left her hand on his shoulder and opened the fingers to touch more of him. He turned slightly and smiled up at her.

"Umm, thanks?" he replied. "I don't usually do this in a place like this, you know?"

"No, I don't it's my first time in a piano store." She answered and she moved her hand on his shoulder slightly down in a tiny caress. The man's eyes fluttered and she knew she was having an effect on him.

"Heh," he laughed and he leaned back into her hand a little. "Would you like me to play something for you?" He grinned up at her in a mischievous way and she decided right then that this man would be hers for a little while at least. As she gazed down at him he shifted on the small bench he sat on and patted the seat next to him. 

"Have a seat, " he said and waited for her reply.

Before she could think she found herself moving into the seat. She glided her hand down his back until it rested in the small of his back, right above his waist. Her thigh pressed up against his and the intimacy of the moment was not lost of either of them. She watched as he placed his hands on the keyboard and started playing a soft wonderful melody. 

She sat enraptured by the music and closed her eyes. After a long moment lost in the music she suddenly realized that he had stopped playing and had placed his hand on her thigh. His fingers pressed between them and only about two inches from the top. She fluttered her eyes open and found herself staring at his deep blues, his face only inches from hers.

She didn't know what to do next. She held her breath. Her hand on his back slid slightly lower and the tips of her fingers found themselves under the waist band of his jeans. And then he leaned in slowly, he parted his lips and she parted hers. Their faces tilted slightly and then their lips met.

He kissed her so softly. His lips full warm and open to her. She felt his tongue nip out and touch her lower lip, and she responded with the same. The kiss was melting. It filled her and lifted her. A hunger started deep within her, and she found herself pressing harder against them. His tongue darted in and touched her tongue, and she was lost in it. 

The kiss had such heat and such passion. She pulled him in with her hand on his back, and she gloried when his other arm reached around her and pulled her in. His hand between her thighs caressed gently and she parted her legs a little to see what he would do. Tentatively he reached a little higher. Their kiss was now the kiss of two people starved for affection. 

His mouth was wet and warm and he tasted faintly of cinnamon. She gasped as his fingers brushed her mound and she suddenly needed to be naked with this man. She wanted him to have every part of her for whatever he desired.

Which is how they ended up in the small storage closest in the store. The store was empty she knew and wasn't worried about being caught. This man had expertly steered her here and she had grinned when he had locked the door from the inside. They had both thrown packing material on the floor to cushion them and had fallen down onto it. Their jeans were off and discarded and she lay on her back with him lying at her side looking down her body. 

His hands had slowly made it's way down her stomach to stoke the elastic of her panties and she loved every tantalisingly slow movement of those wonderful hands. He was so slow, so controlled. There was no rushing. No pressures. She knew that she came first. This man was really, really good at this.

His finger slipped down her pussy lips and she moaned at the touch. Her pussy was on fire. She could feel her pulse beating through her veins. His touch was electric. He gently caressed her lips and pressed ever so slightly into her pussy. He would tease her clit, with soft rapid touches and descend back into her folds and touch deeper. He was driving her crazy. She wanted him to plunge his fingers into her but he wouldn't do it. She needed it harder. His teasing was expert but maddening! 

She reached out and grabbed the tip of his penis where it stuck out from his underwear. It was slick with pre-cum and she desperately wanted to taste him. This was hers. She gently stroked him and he moaned in her ear. In response he plunged a finger deep into her pussy and she arched her back as the wonderful feeling of penetration enveloped her. She squeezed his cock and panted. He drew out his finger and drew circles around her clit. She could feel her pussy lips swell and part. It had to be now. She needed him inside her now.

"Condom," she managed to say and felt him nod. He released her and fumbled in the dim light for his pants and pulled out his wallet and found a condom inside. His hands were shaking and he tried to open it and failed. She laughed and grabbed it and tore it open with her teeth. "Stand," she ordered and he did on shaky legs. He stood before her and pulled his underwear down. She watched in mirth as his cock bobbed up and down in front of her. An average dick but thick and more importantly hers to play with. That made it the best cock in the world. 

She reached out and pulled it into her mouth and ran her tongue over the head loving his taste. He gasped and thrust involuntarily into her mouth. She let him and loved the feel of his powerful thrust into her mouth. She released him from her mouth and slipped the condom over the head and ran her hand down the length to push the condom all the way down. It was a tight fit -- this was a thick cock and she couldn't wait to have it inside her.

She lay back, pulled her panties off and wantonly spread her legs for him. She grinned up at him and chewed a finger nail. He slowly lay down but by moving his face between her legs and even knowing what was about to happen she almost screamed in joy when his mouth covered her pussy. His tongue swirled over her clitoris and then down to her lips and then he penetrated her with his tongue. 

She was absolutely lost in the feeling. Gently and firmly her licked her clitoris. She moaned and felt the first stirring of an orgasm flutter through her. He knew exactly where to lick and how firm and how long. She felt him sucking hard on her clitoris and expertly inserted a long finger into her pussy and slowly moved it in and out. OMG now, she thought. Do it now! 

And almost like he could read her mind her rose and started to rub the opening of her pussy with the tip of his cock. The condom added more texture and her excitement mounted. He rubbed her clitoris with his soft head and she almost sobbed with desire. She stared down and watched as he slowly slid his cock inside her. She could feel herself stretched with his girth but she welcomed it. He slid all the way in and she reveled in the glorious feeling. It was over too soon and she felt his pelvis grind into hers. She wanted that feeling of him penetrating her again and again.

He then started to slowly move in and out. So gently and so slowly. She could see his concentration. She could see that he wanted nothing more than to bang away as a younger man might. But this man was experienced, she could see that now. He was playing her so expertly -- like the piano he played before. 

He kept the pace unerringly and the minutes flew by. She could feel the wave building inside her. She matched his rhythm without trying, its movement so natural. She felt his length sliding tantalizingly out and then so welcoming back deep inside her. She squeezed her pussy around his cock and was rewarded by feeling him falter in his rhythm. Ha! She thought with glee. Who's playing whom?

She meant to laugh then. She wanted to. But then his thrusting suddenly increased in speed. She could feel his cock swelling even larger inside her. He was breathing heavily and quickly and she knew that soon he would come. This increased her own passion and her orgasm started to come closer. She was lost in the feeling of his thrusting, his breathing, his eyes boring into hers. 

This was their moment. It was coming so quickly. She saw his eyes widen and then with a loud rush of blood in her ears her orgasm hit her like a truck. It lifted her back off the ground and she reached out and pulled him down on top of her, loving the feeling of his weight pressing her into the ground and when she thought she wouldn't survive the orgasm she felt him shudder and then his cock spasmed deep inside her as he came. The spasm throwing her into yet another orgasm. He was buried as deep as he could inside her and she felt him spasm hard once, twice, and three times. Each spasm lifted her orgasm to higher heights. 

He had stopped breathing. He had his arms wrapped tightly around her cutting off her own breath but that didn't matter. All that mattered was the orgasm and the feeling of complete connection.

His orgasm lasted a surprisingly long time and she found it wonderful. Wonderful that she had such an effect on him. Wonderful that he had such an effect on her.

They relaxed and started breathing again, lost in the afterglow. She expected him to fall asleep or something but was surprised to see him smiling over at her as they lay on the ground. She smiled back.

"That was wonderful," he said simply.

"Yes," she replied. "Yes it was."