 Steve was restless. He hadn't got laid in over a month. There was always some excuse; I'm tired, it's too light, I need a shower, and you name it. Tonight had been no different so he headed out for a bar he knew. He needed a drink and some time to think. This bar would be dark with an anonymous crowd. It wasn't Cheers, that's not what he was looking for, he just wanted to sit in the corner and have a few drinks, alone.

When he got there the place was already crowded, but he was able to find a small booth that had just been vacated. Cindy, the barmaid came over and cleared the table and took his order. He ordered two drinks, he knew Cindy would be busy and he didn't want to wait.

Cindy came by and he ordered two more. He was finishing his second drink and looking around the bar when he saw her. She was new here, sitting at the bar. It was obvious she was here for just one thing. She was built; and dressed to show it. She was wearing a low cut top with her tits trying to fall out, a short skirt with fish-nets and a pair of Fuck-Me pumps with at least 4-inch heels. She was tanned with blond hair, but what stopped him in his tracks were her lips. She was wearing bright red lipstick, his weakness, and it changed his plans. There was already two guys hitting on her, but she didn't seem interested.

Rita was bored. The feeling had been growing for some time. She knew there had to be more and she wanted it. She had always been the "Good Girl", but there was a wild side she had kept buried her whole life. She couldn't keep it buried any longer. If she didn't let it out she would go crazy.

She had driven by "The Rendezvous" twice a day going to work for the last two years and had wanted to go in. It looked like the kind of place where she could let her wild side out. She decided if she were going to do this, she would do it all the way.

Rita started planning her first "wild" night out days before she would do it. She went shopping for the clothes she would wear. She went to a lingerie shop she knew to start. Rita had nice breasts and she wanted to show them off. She found a purple push-up bra that would put the "girls" right out front. Then she found a pair of matching French-cut panties and finished with a garter and fish-net stockings. Then she headed for the mall and found a low-cut light purple sweater and a short, tight skirt. Finally she hit the shoe store and found just the right pair of pumps to complete the look.

She decided the first time at the bar would be Thursday when the crowd would be smaller. She had been distracted all day at work thinking about her night out and couldn't wait to get home to get ready. She started preparing as soon as she got home; pouring herself a glass of wine and settling into a hot bath. As she sipped her wine she couldn't help but run her hand over her breasts and tease her nipples as she imagined how the evening would play out. She lay in the warm water with her eyes closed as her body tingled from her touch. Too soon the water cooled and she got out and dried herself off. She applied a very seductive perfume, then took her time getting dressed and putting on her make up, imagining each piece of clothing she put on coming off later that evening. When she was done, she looked at herself in the full-length mirror; she knew she looked good, if maybe a bit "trashy". Just the look she was going for.

Rita pulled into the parking a little past nine and headed in. The place was more crowded then she expected so she took an open seat at the bar and ordered a drink. It didn't take long for a couple of younger guys to come over and put their moves on, but neither of them interested her. Still, they were persistent and wouldn't take no for an answer. She just wished they would leave so she could look around and get a better feel for the bar.

Cindy brought Steve's drinks; he gave her a big tip and asked her to hold his booth for him for a couple of minutes. Steve got up with his drinks and walked over to Rita.

"Hi, sorry I didn't see you come in. I have your drink and a booth over there."

Rita looked at the stranger and hid her surprise. Deciding he was much more what she had in mind: "Sorry boys." She said as she followed Steve to the booth.

"Hi again, I'm Steve."

"I'm Rita and thanks I guess. That was pretty bold, pulling me out from those two."

"You didn't look like you were having fun and besides, if I see something I like, I tend to go after it."

"So, you like what you see?"

"Yea, I do. You have beautiful lips and I like that lipstick."

This caught Rita by surprise, the lipstick had been an afterthought, and she just thought it looked right for her outfit.

"What are we drinking?"

"Dirty Martinis"

Rita smiled at the answer and drank hers. "I think I'd like another."

Steve slid his over to her.

"What, you're not drinking?"

"I've already had two, you need to catch up."

"Are you trying to get me drunk?"

"No, not with just two drinks; I haven't seen you here before."

"It's my first time here, but I drive by the place on the way to work. Order me another drink and dance with me."

Steve caught Cindy's eye for the drink and led Rita to the floor. There was a slow number on the juke box and Rita put her arms around Steve's neck and held him close. He could feel her tits pressed against his chest and he knew the way she was rubbing against him, Rita could feel his hard cock. He leaned down and kissed her hard and she kissed him back. As they kissed he ran his hand over her ass and could hear a soft moan from her lips. Too soon the song came to an end and he pulled her back to the booth.

This time she slid in right next to him and started rubbing his cock through his pants. He slid his hand up her leg and felt the top of the stockings and the garter; "God, this woman knows how to excite a man." He thought. As he slid his hand further and found her wet panties, Steve was trying to figure out where he could take her.

"I've got a room at the hotel next door." She said.

"I love a woman that knows what she wants." He said as he threw 40 bucks on the table to cover the bill and tip. They practically ran across the parking lot to the hotel. When they got into the elevator, they were all over each other.

"I want to see these tits you're so proud of."

"You will" she gasped, all the while stroking his cock through his pants.

They were kissing each other hard when the door opened on her floor. She broke free, grabbing Steve's hand and pulling him down the hall to her door. She had a hard time getting the key from her purse with Steve all over her, but she found it and they stumbled through the door when it opened.

As soon as they were through, Rita pulled the sweater over her head and Steve pushed her bra up over her tits. He pushed them together and sucked on each in turn. She reached behind and un-hooked the bra, then pushed Steve toward the bed. He fell back and Rita held him there when he tried to get back up.

"I want your cock" she said as she looked him in the eye.

She quickly undid his belt and pants. Then she pulled his shoes off and slid his pants and shorts off. His cock was right in front of her face, already hard and leaking pre-cum. She took it in her hand and looked at it for just a moment before she ran her tongue around and over the head. She liked the taste and swiftly slid her lips down the shaft. She looked up and saw Steve watching every move she made.

"God" Steve thought, "This woman is HOT"

He couldn't remember the last time anyone had sucked his cock like this. She was pumping him and running her tongue over the head of his cock. He sure didn't get it like this at home. He knew if she kept it up he wouldn't last long.

"Damn Darlin' if you keep sucking on me like that and I wont be able to hold back."

When Rita heard that, she just started jacking his cock faster and sucking harder.

"Oh Baby, I'm gonna cum!"

Steve arched his back and emptied himself into her mouth. She swallowed most of what he had, but a little still leaked out. She continued to stroke him as she lifted her mouth from his softening cock. She looked up at him and smiled.

He started to rise up, but Rita quickly pushed him back down and crawled up his body. She stopped over his mouth, reached down, grabbed him by the hair and pulled his head up to her waiting pussy.

"Oh man, she's shaved" he thought

"It's your turn now, you know what to do."

Steve knew what to do.

He reached up and grabbed her ass with both hands, he squeezed hard and pushed her pussy hard against his mouth, he ran his tongue between her lips and got his first taste of her. Steve loved to eat pussy. He loved everything about it, the taste, the scent, and the feel of the bare lips against his face. He was already hard again, but all he could think about was her pussy. He slid his thumb inside her and felt her jerk as he found her clit with his tongue. 

Rita let out a small moan when Steve found her clit. It felt good, he was good. She kept sliding her lips across his mouth in a steady rhythm and started the slow climb to her peak. When she started to go she pulled him harder against her and held him there as she rode out her orgasm until it subsided and she slid down next him.

Steve slowly ran his hands across her body as they were lying next to each other catching their breath. He just loved the way the curves of a woman felt in his hands.

He turned and whispered in her ear and she rolled over and got up on her knees. Steve climbed behind her and filled his hand with her hair as he entered her. 

Rita was still keyed up and she started to come again as soon as he entered her. She couldn't tell if she were having multiple orgasms or if it was just the same one going on and on. She loved the way he pulled her hair and the way he reached around and grabbed her tits as he fucked her.

Having came once Steve thought he would last a long time, but with the way she was whimpering as she came and the way her pussy was squeezing his cock he knew he would be done soon. He pounded into her for a s long as he could, then he pulled out and pushed her over on her back. He grabbed his cock with one hand and her hair with the other.

"Look at my cock." He told her. "I want you to watch."

Rita's eyes were glued to Steve's cock as he stoked it. She watched the head swell as he started to cum. She watched every drop as he covered her tits. She reached up and spread it around her chest as Steve relaxed his grip on his cock and her hair and lay down beside her.

They lay next to each other covered in semen and sweat. There was a smile on both John and Sheri's faces as they both thought about how much they loved to play these games.