 You picked me up mid afternoon and we drove into town making polite conversation about the weather, family and assorted projects you had on the go. I fidgeted with the hem of my skirt. Blushing a little when I realized I'd been unconsciously hiking it up, I smoothed it back down over my knees. 

We stopped at a pub for lunch. I sipped a beer and nibbled calamari rings while you consumed a burger and plate of fries, washing it down with coffee. I ordered another beer to prolong our stay and let you digest for a bit. I had bad intentions and didn't want an upset tummy in my way. I chuckled inwardly at my scheming. 

I watched your hands as you prepared another coffee and played with the cup. I watched your lips moving and the smile that kept playing across your face as you recalled stories from younger times. Occasionally glancing into mine, your eyes flitted about the room as you searched your memories for more stories to tell. 

I reached across the table and touched your hand. I'd wanted to do that for some time and only just now worked up the courage to do so. You stopped talking. 

"You know, I was somewhat disappointed the other evening when I sat in your lap," I said loud enough for you could hear but quiet enough that my voice didn't carry. 

"Oh? Why?" You had a look of concern on your face. 

I smiled reassuringly and said, "All that talk about how much you love boobies and the girls never got mauled. Even when I placed your hand on my chest, you seemed to freeze up. Why is that?" 

"I dunno, I..." You looked nervous. 

I sat back in my seat to give you more space but didn't let up. "I want to go for a drive when we leave here and find a nice secluded place to park your truck." Your lips pressed together in a tight smile. "I want you to push the passenger seat back and climb in. Then I want to sit in your lap." 

"Play with boobies." It cracks me up how childish you are. Such a contrast to the beautiful mind I know you have. 

I sat back in my seat and took another sip off beer. Under the table I reached across with my toes and nudged your ankle, slowly sliding my foot up to your knee and back down. It was just a silly gesture, playing footsies under the table. It used to mean so much more when we were young. On my second pass up your leg you grabbed my foot and rested it in your lap, your hand wrapped tightly around it, your fingers digging into my arch. 

"Mmmm... that's nice, " I murmured. "I wish I could reach over there right now and tease you hard." 

"What makes you think you haven't?" 

The waiter brought the check, it was paid and we left. I exaggerated the swish of my hips as I walked, enjoying the play of my skirt around my knees. I glanced over my shoulder to see you following, walking a little more stiffly, and chuckled. 

I stood between you and the passenger door so that you couldn't simply let me in. I waited for a kiss. It was swift. I suspect you are nervous about being seen around town with me, not being your wife and all. Fair enough, I climbed in. 

"Where to?" I asked. 

"South I think," you said. Yay! We were going for a ride. 

I watched the countryside slide by as you drove. You felt the need to fill the silence with conversation about a quad you were tinkering with, a construction project, family tales. I smiled, listened and nodded appropriately, occasionally glancing at your face, trying to memorize the contours. 

You turned down a gavel road off the main highway and we drove a bit farther before we came to a partially developed driveway that went nowhere. "I'm thinking about buying this section," you said wistfully. Hmmm, nice. It was secluded. 

You sat awkwardly for a moment. I removed my seat belt and reached down between my legs and found the seat adjustment lever. I pushed the seat back as far as it would go. "Come here," I directed you and climbed out of the truck to wait. You did as you were told and came around to the passenger side. 'Good boy,' I thought and followed you in. 

I straddled your thighs with one knee on the seat and the other foot braced against the floor. I leaned forward for a kiss, soft and tentative, than sat back, my elbows resting on the dash. You must think I'm some sort of brazen hussy the way I've been acting so aggressively. This is not easy for me. I'm really quite accustomed to being the one who is pursued. I wish you would make an effort and take what you want. I know you want something. Your silence speaks volumes. 

I took one of your hands and tucked it under my t-shirt between my breasts. "The girls missed your attention the other night. They prefer the attention of strange hands to my own. I'm not fragile." You still hadn't moved. I took your hand and slid it over my right breast and squeezed your hand around it. "Yes please." I leaned forward for another kiss. I took your other hand and placed it on my left breast. Your thumbs began to play lightly across my nipples and they began to stiffen. "Much harder," I whispered. 

I rested my fore arms on the back of the seat and ran my fingers through your short hair. I started to grind my pelvis into your thigh, moaning softly as I got worked up. "Please," I begged. I really wanted you to let go with me, just be carnal for a while. 

You lifted my shirt, pulled down my bra cup and squeezed my right breast before pulling it towards your mouth. Your tongue played lightly over the nipple at first then you wrapped your lips over it, sucking and nipping lightly. I moaned encouragingly. You sucked harder, kneading my flesh with your strong fingers. The sensation was electric. My back arched for you and a wave of moist heat washed between my legs. Having lost your inhibition, you turned your attention to my other breast. "Yes," I whimpered. 

You pulled your mouth away so that you could watch my expression. "Ahh!" I gasped as you pinched my nipples hard. My mouth fell open in a silent oh as you applied more and more pressure. I ground myself into your thigh. Even through your jeans you could feel the heat radiating from me. 

"Do it. I want to see you lick it," you said and released my breast. Your hands fell to my hips. I grinned and leaned back cupping my breasts, pushing them together. I flicked my tongue over the left nipple and then the right. You smiled at the show you were being treated to. I leaned in a little further and sucked my nipple into my mouth. Mmmm... it was tender. I bared my teeth so you could see the grip I had on it. "That's hot." 

I let go of my breasts and reached for your waistline. "May I?" It's always polite to ask. "Um, no." You paused for effect while I pretended to pout. "I'm kidding! Hell yes." You assisted me in undoing your jeans, releasing your huge cock. 

I sure do like playing with that. I love how big it is and how far my hand can travel as it slides up and down it's length. I love the smooth texture and that heat that comes from it. I love the solidness of it and the sheer weight in my hand. Your cock is such a treat and I'm a lucky girl to be allowed to fondle it. I tried to wrap my fingers around it's girth but couldn't. I squeezed it and leaned forward so I could whisper in your ear. 

"Tell me what to do. Anything you want. I want to please you. I want to get you off." You started to laugh. I put my fingers to your wonderfully soft lips and sat back a bit so I could look you in the eye. I held your gaze for a moment while I wet my lips, then leaned forward to steel a kiss. "Tell me'" I whispered. 

"I can't... decide," you hesitated. 

I invited you to imagine... "I'm already doing it. Tell me what you see." 

"You're sucking it." 

I scooted back off your knee and settled down between your legs. It was a snug fit but I'm quite flexible. You lifted your hips so that you could work your jeans down lower, your cock stood up free and inviting. I stroked it for you a few times before lowing my lips to it. You smelt fresh and manly, not perfumed or soapy. I like that. I inhaled your musk as I took the head of your cock into my mouth. 

It was full, soft and sweet. I swirled my tongue across your big round head and moaned softy with delight. I let the saliva build in my mouth and coat your shaft as I took a little more of you in with each pass. My hand gripped the base firmly and pulled up to meet my descending lips. Opening my mouth a little wider, I went down as far as I could, my tongue playing against the bottom of your cock, until you were pressed against the back of my throat. I waited a moment until I became accustomed to the sensation, holding my gag reflex in check, then started to move. Up and down my mouth traveled. I ducked harder than you expected so that your cock repeatedly landed with a thud against the back of my throat. Surprised at the sensation, you groaned and grabbed a handful of my hair. 

I increased the vacuum pressure in my mouth and hummed so you could feel the vibrations move through you, then slowly drew my mouth up to focus my attention on the head again. I slipped my lips over the tip, kissing it and tongued the slit. Your pre-cum was slick and sweet. I placed my lips over the tip and sucked more fluid to the surface - so good. 

"More?" I breathed while steadily stroking you. 

"Fuck," you gasped. "Get up here and ride it." 

I reached for my bag and pulled out a condom. The foil tore easily. I made sure it was right-way-up before resting it on your cock and rolling it down. You took over the process as it got lower, making sure the fit was snug. 

I got up and fit one knee between you and the door. The other leg was thrown over your lap, my foot found purchase on the floor. With my legs spread wide I leaned back with my elbows resting against the dash again. I hiked my skirt around my waist and showed you my lacy blue panties. They were stretched tight over my swollen, moist pussy lips. Barely contained, they peaked around the edges of the panty. 

Your mouth fell open as your attention was lost on the view. With your left hand you pulled the fabric aside to reveal my lady parts. They glistened. My sweet musk rose and you inhaled deeply before running you finger over my small pink inner petals. "Mmmmm," I moaned encouragingly. You pressed one finger into me at first. A second followed and I gasped. They curled forward under my pelvic bone as you began to jerk off with your free hand. You pressed the head of your cock hard against my clit as you shook your cock aggressively against me. It was delightful - a feeling somewhere between soft oral and a rubbing fingers. I closed my eyes and couldn't refrain from gyrating on your hands, fucking your fingers. 

When you stopped stroking I opened my eyes and looked into yours as you aligned the head of your cock with my opening. It was so much bigger than the two fingers you just had in me. I bucked until I felt the head push through and gasped. You held my hips as they began to roll, each movement causing me to sink a little farther down your shaft. The sensation of being slowly stretched - filled - was intoxicating. 

I was very slick. It wasn't long before my tight pussy was sliding up and down as my hips rolled back and forth. You started to press your thumb against my clit. "No," I whispered and directed your hands back to my breasts. "Don't be gentle," I breathed huskily. Obediently you crushed both breasts in your big strong hands, squeezing them together. You pinched both nipples in a vice like grip and pulled. I bit my lip and fucked you harder. You met my gyrations with a few thrusts of your own before stiffening. Your body planked under me, lifting me right off the floor for a moment before you curled inward with a throaty growl. 

"I'm cumming," you announced as though I couldn't feel it in my core. Your fingers dug into my hips and I bore down hard, squeezing your cock tight with my pussy and began to shake with my own orgasm. I barely moved as the pulses began to fade, afraid that if I did you would fall away. I enjoyed the feeling of you slowly retracting within me. It took quite a while, we both sat back, smiling and sighing when the little movements tickled us. 

"Mmmmm. Thank you." I breathed as you finally pulled away, carefully extracting yourself from the rubber. Grabbing a napkin from the console you discretely wrapped it up and tucked it into a wastebasket behind the seat. 

"You're a nut, you know," you joked. 

"Maybe. Got lucky!" I said with a mischievous grin. 

I grabbed the athletic pants I'd brought along from my bag and climbed out of your truck to change and right my clothes. You followed. I put myself between you and your truck again and extracted another embrace from you. You gave me a polite, tight-lipped but lingering kiss. 

"What now?" you asked. 

"Show me this hiking trail you were talking about." I do so love the out doors. I patted my pocket to ensure the extra condom I'd stashed was there... just in case.