 I was getting ready for a business trip. My wife, Rebecca, was in the sunroom, enjoying a cup of coffee while I got myself dressed and packed. Going through my routine was almost automatic now, so I was daydreaming about the previous evening.

It was one of those special evenings, when everything was clicking and we were so in-tune with one another. Dinner, a movie, some flirting on the way home had led to a romantic drink by the fire. Soon we were cuddling in bed, making the kind of passionate love they describe in those paperback romance novels. I know, sounds kinda cheesy, but that's how it was.

And now I was getting a hard-on. A quick glance at the clock told me I wouldn't have time for a quickie and make my flight. I decided I would set the table for some wild and crazy sex on my return. I found our old, trusty Polaroid camera.

We have never really been into taking pictures of ourselves in the bedroom, but I thought a few well-placed pics of my cock in its current condition might just light a fire. I quickly removed my pants and stroked my cock up to a full erection. Holding the camera in front of me, I took a few pictures of my purple-headed cock and tight balls. I even thought of trying to catch my orgasm on film, but decided against it. She would be coming back to the bedroom soon and I wanted this to be a surprise.

I set the old-style pictures off to the side to develop while I redressed and finished packing. I wished that I had thought of this sooner; I could have used my digital camera and gotten better quality. I guessed, though, the point would be made.

Reviewing the now developed pics, I decided they would work and stashed them under my wife's pillow. After a long goodbye, I was on my way.

It was a short trip, three days. Rebecca and I spoke several times, but she never mentioned the pictures. I would hint around at them with things like:

"Anything new around the house?" 

"No, usual stuff" was all she'd say.

The business trip went well and I returned home, anxious and a bit perplexed. Had she found my gift? Was she mad? It was beginning to occur to me that my bright idea might not have been such a bright idea after all.

I pulled into the driveway to see the house was dark. Not so unusual, I thought. Entering the house, the only light came from under our bedroom door. I dropped my bags, stumbled through the dark and opened the door.

What I saw will be burned into my mind forever. There was my beautiful, normally demure wife, laying spread eagle on our bed. She had found my gift, and they were spread around her as her hand was flying roughly over her clit, her wet pussy lips swollen with excitement. She changed her stroke and started fucking herself with two fingers. She threw her head to the side to look at me, dumbfounded as I was. Sparks shot from her brown eyes. 

"Get over here, NOW!" she demanded.

As I neared the bed, unbuckling my belt, she met me, roughly jerking my pants open and forcing them down to my knees. Next came my underwear, which caught on my fast-hardening cock. It sprang up and hit Rebecca in the chin as she was forcing away the unwanted fabric. She didn't miss a beat, though, her lust guiding her efforts. Rebecca popped my cock into her mouth, sucking roughly, trying to will the blood to complete my erection. She stroked it in her fist, then opened her mouth and tongued the tip to capture the first bead of precum.

Once satisfied with the state of my erection, she pulled me back and on top of her, guiding my cock into her wet folds. I was still mostly dressed, shirt and tie on, pants around my knees and for all practical purposes, immobile. In her current state, this would not do. I did try, though, to buck my hips and give her the fucking she was demanding, but looking into those eyes I saw lust mixing with anger and tried to roll us both over. Rebecca quickly got the idea and helped me along and soon she was where she needed to be, on top of me riding my dick.

The next twenty minutes or so is a blur. My beautiful wife fucked me with an abandon I hadn't seen in awhile. Any impending orgasm on my part was staved off by her sharp nails raking my chest or near blood-drawing bites on my neck and shoulders. It was clear this was all about her. Her hips pounded me as she slammed herself up and down on my dick. She grated her clit on me, rocking her hips back and forth as she climaxed over and over again. I could feel her juices running down my balls and the crack of my ass. My cock, hard and anxious for relief, filled her until she was at satisfied. She collapsed onto me, her breathing ragged and heavy into my neck. 

It took her awhile to recover. I stroked her back as she lay over me. I could feel her cunt contracting around me from time to time, little spasms hitting her as she came down. I tried to thrust my hips into her, trying to get the relief I still needed. 

"Uh-uh" was all she said.

I figured she just wanted to catch her breath before we started again. Boy, was I wrong. When she came back to earth, she matter-of-factly moved off of me and went in the shower. I finished undressing and lay back down, stroking my now-straining dick until her return. When she came back in the bedroom, she lay down behind me and spooned up against me. Replacing my hand with hers, she gave me a few strokes.

"Wait." She whispered, then she stopped stroking me and held my dick fast while drifting off to sleep.

That night, and the next couple of days, was murder on me. Some hours after she fell asleep, with me still awake and frustrated, she rolled over and released her grip on my cock. Not wanting to blow my load, I tossed and turned the rest of the night, recalling the exquisite feelings of being buried inside her hot pussy, of her sucking my cock deep into her mouth, of her...

The next morning came with no relief. Rebecca went about her routine in mostly usual ways. She dressed more provocatively, giving me glimpses of her small, firm tits through her loosely buttoned, almost sheer top. Her hard, brown nipples poked through that blouse most of the day. Or she would bend over, more often than usual I thought, making me drool over her pretty ass encased in tight jeans. Any advances I made were rebuked, with her making excuses of being sore from the night before or not in the mood at the moment. Maybe later...

I decided to take a (cold) shower and try to clear my head. This was a terrible bit of teasing I was getting. Perhaps I shouldn't have left those pictures for her. Or just perhaps not before I took a trip. It was obvious I was going to pay for getting her horny and not being there for her.

When I stepped out of the shower, she was waiting for me. Nude, on her knees with her legs spread, fingering her wet slit. She beckoned me with her free hand, and once close enough, opened her mouth and sucked in my flaccid cock. My dick didn't take long to respond, quickly hardening under her ministrations. She put on a show for me, taking my cock into her mouth until I felt it hit the back of her throat. Her moans created vibrations at the head of my dick that made me shiver. I could hear the sweet, sticky sounds of her fingering herself, mixed with the wet, slurping sounds coming from her mouth, lips and tongue. I wrapped my fingers in her hair and guided her head back and forth over my dick, forcing her head deep into my crotch. Just as I was feeling my balls tighten up, the phone rang. Rebecca quickly jumped up o answer it.

"But...what?!?!" I stammered.

"Don't worry, you weren't going to cum anyway," she replied with a wink. It was her sister on the phone. They talked for hours. They probably planned it.

That's how the next couple of days went. Rebecca was doing everything she could to tease me without mercy or release.

She would turn on porn videos we have and leave them for me to find. She would give me glimpses of her body here and there. She would rub, touch or suck my cock, making me hope the torment was over, then pull away to do something else. At one point, she called me into the bathroom to talk about something. She was shaving her pussy at the time. Half of her pubes were gone, and she kept rubbing her pussy, spreading the cream around and stoking away the unwanted hair. I don't remember the conversation.

As the evening of the second day approached, I was near my end. Rebecca, however, seemed very pleased with herself. Smug, even. We were on the couch, snuggled up watching some mindless show.

"Give me a half hour, then meet me in the bedroom," was her sudden announcement. "And don't be late. I wouldn't want you to miss your chance."

And she was off. That half-hour seemed as long as the previous two days. I tried to busy myself, but that didn't seem to help. I sat in the kitchen watching the clock. At the appointed time, I opened the door.

Surprise again. All the lights were on. My wife lay on the bed. Her long, black hair was pulled back into a braid, her sexy brown eyes covered in a haze of lust. She was wearing her makeup, accentuated by slutty red lipstick that really showed off her full lips. She was also wearing my favorite lingerie, a shear black bodysuit with an open crotch. My eyes traveled down her body slowly, to find her nipples trying to push through the flimsy fabric. Past her stomach, between her open legs, and through the open crotch, she was slowly sliding a dildo in and out of her already wet pussy.

"You like?" she asked.

"You are so sexy," was all I could say.

"Don't move a muscle," she instructed. 

She released the dildo, leaving it lodged inside her, and reached down on the side of the bed. Bringing her hand back up, she revealed a camcorder. She fumbled with the controls a bit and finally turned it on. She focused it at me.

"I really liked the pictures you left me," she started "but I thought it so unfair that you left them for me when you were going away. I was so horny the whole time you were gone."

"You really liked them, then" I asked?

"Of course I did, silly," she replied "but it wasn't just the pictures, it was picturing you standing there, stroking your cock, making it harder and harder. I guess it was all of it, really. And thinking about you doing that made me hornier and hornier, and that's why I teased you so since you got back. So you could feel what I felt."

"Tit for tat then, huh" I asked?

"If you're gonna be a smartass, I'll stop right now. If you do what I say and be a good boy, you'll have the time of your life."

"I'm sorry, I'll be good" was all I could say. I really needed to cum.

"Good, now get out of those clothes!"

Quickly, I was out of my clothes and standing nude before Rebecca and the camera. My dick wasn't buying it, though, and hung limply between my legs. I guess it needed to be convinced that this would be the real thing. 

"Come closer," she instructed "stroke your cock slowly."

I did as I was told. I slid my hand down my stomach, grabbing as much of my cock and balls as I could. I then released my sack and started stroking my limp dick.

"That's a good start," Rebecca said, resuming her slow stroking of her pussy with the dildo "Make that dick hard for me, Baby, I wanna feel you in my pussy."

That got my dick's attention, and as I stroked and watched Rebecca, my dick jumped to life. Blood rushed in and soon my hand traveled from my solid root to my bulging crown. Precum began to form at the tip of my cock, lubricating my efforts. At this point, and after all the teasing, I was afraid I would cum soon. I slowed my stroking and loosened my grip on my cock. Meanwhile, Rebecca removed the plastic phallus from her hungry pussy and was dangling it over her mouth, licking the tip, swirling her tongue around its crown. All this time, the camera was trained on my dick.

"This will make a great movie for me next time you are away," she said "now, come lay down on the bed, on your stomach. I want to see your ass. I continued to do as I was told. I was a little nervous about the camera, and about where all this was going, but I knew if I wanted to cum, I had to go along. I was also turned on by this whole new attitude of Rebecca's. It did thrill me that she could be so controlling in bed. It is something we had talked about from time to time, but she had never acted on it. I crawled up on the bed, pulled my cock up to my stomach and stretched out on the bed.

"Mmmm, nice ass", she said as she reached out to stroke it. Her caresses felt great, sending electric tingles up and down my spine. My insistent dick was getting jealous though, and demanded attention. I ground my hips into the mattress to relieve some of the tension, tightening my ass in the process.

"Oh Baby, that's great" Rebecca exclaimed! "Fuck that mattress, pretend I'm under you, I wanna see how that ass moves!"

It was turning me on to be putting on a show for her. I found any last inhibitions were in the wind, so I let my imagination run loose as I pretended to fuck her slowly, clenching my ass, building a rhythm, while Rebecca was behind me, egging me on. I was getting close to soiling the sheets when I got my next order.

"Now, on your knees, spread your legs."

I pushed back up on my knees and spread my legs, just as I would if I was inside her and I wanted to drive m cock deep inside of her.

"Keep going Baby, this is making me so wet, keep on like your fucking me!"

Now I rocked my hips, but my cock and balls were flapping around in open air, just bouncing with the rhythm. Rebecca kept on chanting about how sexy it was to see me from this angle, how wet she was, and since I really wanted to please her (and myself), I really got into the show I was giving her. Before long, I felt her wet finger playing with my backdoor, so I slowed my pace for her. She pushed her finger in to the first knuckle.

"Now, fuck my finger," she demanded. We have occasionally played around with anal sex, but this was a little different than normal. I pushed my hips back against her, feeling her fill me up for once. The feeling isn't exactly describable, but I did like it, and soon had developed a new rhythm. This was getting to be too much for Rebecca, who now began to demand some relief for herself. She popped her finger out of my ass and had me roll over.

Once on my back, she straddled my face and planted her sopping wet pussy on my mouth. Her juices were running freely as her excitement had grown to a fever pitch. She was so excited that her thighs were wet almost to her knees.

"Eat me, make me cum" she demanded.

Being well past the preliminaries, I stuck my tongue as far inside her pussy as I could. She tasted sweet as honey. I tongue fucked her, alternating with long licks from her excited clit to her ass, or swirling my tongue around her clit. Her juices continued to poor out of her wetting my whole face as her hips bucked back and forth.

"Ohh, that's good, suck my little clitty!"

I found it and sucked it hard into my mouth. Rebecca bared down on my face, practically forcing my nose inside her. I held my breathe and sucked harder until I felt her body convulse and heard her moans. My face was showered with more of her sweet juice as her climax burst through her. 

After a few minutes, she pulled away, leaving my mouth empty and wanting more. She continued to straddle my face, her dripping slot hovering above me. I could see her clit, swollen and hard, peeking out from its hood. 

"Now, I want to see you stroke that dick again," she said breathlessly "you like taking pictures for me. Well, now I want to see you jack off. I want to see you cum."

I moved my left hand down, grabbing my balls and pulling on them. My sac was tight and I knew I was ready to cum from all the teasing she put me through. With my right, I found the pool of precum I knew would be on my stomach. Wetting my fingers, I started stroking my entire length as fast as I could. 

"Slow down, I want to get all of this" she instructed.

Easier said than done, I thought. Here above my eyes was her wet pussy, occasionally dripping on my face. So close, well shaved and out of reach. Sometimes, she would rub her clit or slide a finger inside of her. She knows how I like to watch. And after all this time of her teasing me. I did my best to slow down for her. I made a tight fist around my dick and bucked my hips. 

That wasn't working too well for me, so I resumed my handjob, gliding my fist over my smooth seven inches. I could feel myself getting closer, my hand stroking the crown of my dick faster and faster. I tugged hard on my tight balls, my body tensed and I felt the first pulse of my orgasm rip through me. I screamed out loud as I finally got the relief I needed. 

The first jet of cum landed on her thigh, the next few on my chest and stomach. I felt like I had cum a gallon of spunk. Rebecca ohhed and ahhed throughout my climax, working the camera to get everything she wanted. 

As I was nearing the end of my spasms, Rebecca pushed her pussy back down onto my face. I couldn't lick her like she wanted so she just humped my face, rocking her hips back and forth, using my nose and chin for friction.

Later, when we watched the video together, I saw that she had pointed the camera at a mirror so we were both in the frame. She had taken the top of her bodysuit off her shoulders; it was bunched up around her waist. She pinched and pulled on her tits while she continued abusing my face for her pleasure. A couple of times, she bent over and scooped up my cum with her tits and made a big show for the camera of rubbing it into her tits and licking her fingers clean.

Finally, she bent over and took my now soft dick into her mouth.

"Come on Baby, I still need your cock," she begged "get this dirty dick up for me, I need you in my pussy, I need to feel you deep inside me..." 

Her dirty banter combined with her sucking soon had the desired effect, my cock pushing down the back of her throat. She hummed with excitement. As she sucked me, she snaked a wet finger back into my asshole, fucking me in time with her mouth. As she sucked me deep, her finger would pull almost all the way out, and then as she pulled he mouth back to he tip of my dick, she would push her finger in deep and hard. All the while, I was nearly drowning in her juices.

Finally, happy with my hardon, she slithered her body down and onto my cock. I could see her back and her tattered braid sweeping over it. She impaled herself on my hardness, squirming down to get all of me inside her. Her hand reached down to alternately play with my balls or her clit. 

After a few minutes of this heaven, she bent over towards my feet. I was rewarded with the sight of my dick splitting her open, watching her suck me into her cunt then back out until just the tip of my cock was touching her lips. I had to hold my dick down for her, but what a wonderful sight seeing her take me in. She continued to impale herself on my cock this way until I started trying to buck my hips to speed the pace. I was going crazy with the sensation of her velvety smooth pussy stroking me and the vision before my eyes.

When she could feel my need building again, she popped up off me and spun her body around. Easing her cunt back to my crotch, she didn't take me inside her. Instead, she sandwiched me, like my dick was a hotdog and her lips were the bun. She smiled and grated her hips back and forth, up and down my dick. Another impressive sight, I thought as I watched my dick disappear and reappear between her lips.

As her climax was nearing, she lifted herself up just enough to take me inside of her again. She leaned forward and her tits swung above my face as she rocked on my dick. Up and down she'd ride, then switch to rubbing her clit on my groin while I was buried deep inside her.

Rebecca was on autopilot now, bucking and grinding, her moans getting louder as she neared her peak. I was trying to hold back from mine, biting my lip and thrusting my hips up to meet hers. 
