 I pull up in the car park. It's empty as hoped on this warm, sunny weekday. I have called in sick with work but my wife thinks I am still there. I am taking a big risk for hopefully a rather special sexually charged first encounter. An encounter with a special online friend, someone I have talked to but have only seen in photos. The photos though, wow, they show an amazingly sexy mature women with large breasts and perky nipples. A clean-shaven pussy with lips I am looking forward to maybe playing with at least.

This car park I am in is on the edge of a national park, one that has been chosen to be empty of visitors today. Normally it's a place to bring your family for a picnic, where the kids can run free in the picnic area but most people don't go deeper into the forest. But today I hope to take my friend deep into the empty forest for a picnic of a different type.

A second car pulls up right next to mine and I look up nervously to see her smiling face. It was Sandy, my online friend. My heart starts racing instantly, a nervous sweat breaks out. My mind races to the conclusion that this is going to happen.

The nerves are from having never cheated on a girlfriend or my wife before in my life. Chatting online about sexual relationships, interest, taboos and sharing a nude photo or seven I don't really count as cheating. That's just a bit of flirting online. Cheating is when you take real action with someone in person and I was about to do that for the first time today.

I get out of the car just as Sandy does, we both slowly and shyly walk around to greet each other. With a shy "hi" from both of us we embrace in a hug and kiss each other on the cheek. I take in her perfume as a lovely floral smell and feel her warm body against my own. Where I showed up in shorts, jocks, and a tight t-shirt, Sandy came dressed in a light summer dress just to her knees. It was tight around her chest that showed, quite obviously, that she was not wearing a bra. What made it obvious was her amazing nipples pushing hard at the material. That only left the question of whether or not she had panties on.

Sandy was less nervous than me. Her husband has passed away a number of years ago and she was quite ready to engage and explore more of her sexuality now. Myself being the first guy she has been interested in playing with.

I try to break my nervousness by asking how her drive was, no problems finding the place etc. Sandy just smiles at me, answering my questions simply but then fires back her own with confidence; Are you going to fuck me today?

I blush hard, feeling a rush of blood through my groin and pause. Then I look over at her confident smile, her sexy body and remembering what we have talked about and what each other wanted from today and answered; Yes.

It helped that I was super horny, my balls felt heavy and my cock pulsed every time I thought about this encounter. My cock was pulsating now, wanting to escape my pants. My sexual wanting, drive, lust, whatever you like to call it was my driving force for doing this. To be unfaithful and fulfill some of my sexual desires with another woman. Just as it had been a long time for Sandy to have had physical contact with a man, it has been some time for me too. The usual boring wife excuse, not her fault just my desires are more than hers. Meeting Sandy online and now in person was how aligned our sexual desires were.

She gives me a cheeky grab on my bottom and tells me to get the picnic blanket. She opens her car boot and gets out a basket of food and things. Me with the picnic blanket in hand we start off down through the picnic area.

I tell Sandy how nervous I have been up till now but know that I would regret this chance to play with her. She tells me she was nervous to meet up with a stranger in a remote park car park but was happy to see me in the car looking nervous too.

We walk through the normal picnic area and start down one of only a few tracks into the forest. We walk for about 10 minutes before we come to a grassy area where the warm sun is beaming down between the trees. We both agree this is a perfect spot for our picnic affair.

We sit down together on the blanket and start to eat the food Sandy has packed. Making small talk about normal topics like food and work. But then as we start to relax more with each other we nervelessly start some erotic small-talk about who might get nude first and joke about who might cum first. I knew that I wanted to cum last so Sandy could feel my fully erect penis the whole time. From our conversations online I know that Sandy can have multiple orgasms and well, it had been a long time since I had been so sexually charged enough for that. Maybe this would be the day.

We both finish up the food and in doing so I move closer to Sandy on the blanket. She is sitting side legged, with one arm holding herself up and her legs outstretched together. With her dress not particularly pulled down over her legs, I could now check if she was wearing panties or not. I move close enough to her to reach out and run my hands along the side of her leg, our faces close enough to kiss. I am shy at first but wanting to know what's under her dress, I keep my head looking down. Slowly running my hand along her soft skin, dancing my fingers up her inner thighs lightly. Slowly pushing her dress up her leg, I expose a simple pair of gray cotton panties that I had requested once while chatting.

Why these panties? I wanted to see how this sexual encounter made her pussy react. I wanted to see if I made her pussy grow wet and if a wet spot would show up on her panties. I know from my own pair of gray jocks, the same I had on now, that when I was worked up and made lots of pre-cum it made a clear spot on my gray cotton jocks. I was hoping to make and see a nice wet spot on Sandy's panties today.

I smile and look up at her. She is smiling back at me while she lifts her hand to my chin making me move my mouth closer to hers. Sandy shifts closer to me and kisses me on the lips. It was a simple kiss at first but as the blood flooded through both of our bodies it becomes more passionate. Tongues flick between mouths and I take my hand off her leg and place it behind her head to hold her closer.

As we kiss I feel her shift her body closer to mine and her place a free hand on my hip. Her fingers slowly finding the edge of my shorts and with one finger under my shorts band she moved her hand around to the front of them. My cock was already firm in the car park seeing Sandy's nipples and the anticipation of today, but with this kiss it was now fully erect. I am sure it was trying to poke out of the top of my shorts and I think Sandy was checking for it. As her hand came to the front of my shorts her finger under the band found the tip of my cock. I jumped at the touch but Sandy just kissed me deeper at the discovery. Her hand moved over and press down over my shorts, feeling the hard outline of my cock from under them.

My reaction to this was a growing desire to take her then and there. To throw myself on top of her, pull her panties to the side and push deep inside. But that would not fulfill both of our desires today. Sandy and I had talked about this day for a long time and we, I, had many false starts. I debated many times if I should go through with it. I had to consider my marriage and the risk of meeting and having sexual relations with someone other than my wife. This day I had decided I had to do it, to miss this experience and miss a chance to explore this amazing woman, Sandy; I would regret it.

This meeting was based on our mutual sexual desires and kinks. Ones we both wanted to help each other achieve and enjoy. For Sandy it was about having a renewed physical sexual experience and to explore new areas she had always fantasized about. The first was about being physically restrained while a man explored, teased and used her sexy body. The second was about experiencing someone licking her pussy to orgasm, no one had focused enough on that for her to have one. For me it was about exploring a few different kinks, being nude with someone outdoors, being sexual with a stranger, about exploring a female's body without restriction (her being physically restrained). This all adds to why we are in a public forest, becoming slowly nude and using some soft rope Sandy had packed into her basket.

With her hand squeezing and firmly rubbing the outline of my cock, I wanted to feel her body too. I was not going to miss out on touching a sexually charged women here in the open. As the warm sun filtered down on us through the trees I took my hand down from behind Sandy's head and started moving it down her chest. Slowly moving my hand over her breasts, finding her hard nipples and pressing them into the palm of my hand. I cup and squeeze one of her amazing breasts, flicking my fingers over her nipple as it pushed at her dress. The kiss still lasting and driving us both crazy with erotic passion. My feelings of nervousness and cheating disappearing, being replaced with arousal and sexual desires.

Sandy slowly raises her hand from my shorts and starts pushing up my t-shirt, indicating for me to remove it. For the first time we release from our kiss and I sit up to take my t-shirt off. At the same time Sandy starts to unbutton my shorts and pushes down my zipper. She gives me a happy dirty look as she sees my reaction to her touching and kissing, my jocks having a clear wet spot where the tip of my hard cock hid. I throw my tee to the side but before I take my shorts off on request of Sandy's action I start to push up her dress. She shifts her bum up to help me release it from under her and raises her arms in the air waiting for me to remove her dress.

As her dress moves up over her body, my eyes locked to the bottom of the material slowly revealing her skin. First revealing her hips and bum cheeks as her cute cotton panties came into view. Her legs closed at this point, not giving away any secrets just yet. I keep pulling the dress up and up, slowly her tummy is exposed, then, just as the bottom of her dress reaches her breasts I slow, allowing them to be pulled up high with the dress at first. The round bottom of her breasts just showing, confirming no bra and how round and plump they are. As I pull a little more her breasts jump from their confines and bounce down in the warm sun. Sandy's nipples reveal her level of excitement and erotic state. I quickly pull the rest of the dress over her head and lay it down with my shirt.

I give her a big smile and tell her how amazing they look in person. The photos shared online did not do them justice. They were round, perky, plump and then there were her nipples, pointy and begging for attention, with cute areolas surrounding them.

Sandy, now more exposed and naked than me, embraces her own breasts. Grabbing them with both hands, squeezing them and pushing them together in the open. Like she was embracing them in the open for the first time, taking in the slight breeze that blows through and the sun shining down. I checked myself, looking down at my shorts still around my hips but wide open revealing my pre-cum stained jocks. My cock rock hard at the stimulation and sights of Sandy. As she holds her breasts, I removed my shorts and throw them on our pile of clothing.

With us both sitting on this picnic blanket in just our jocks and panties, the sun warming our exposed skin and our sexual areas on fire with anticipation, Sandy holds out her wrists. Have me, is the look she gives me and without hesitation I quickly dive into her basket and retrieve the rope she had packed.

I tie her hands together firmly in front of her body and then helped her lay down on her back. She looks amazing with the sun brushing over her body, her breasts resting each side of her body, nipples pointing at me, her legs still together for now.

I move up next to her, kneeling at her side. I lean up over her and kiss her deeply again, an arm on either side of her body, my chest just resting on her breasts lightly with her nipples pressed into my chest. I release the kiss and sit up next to her, pausing to take in the view of her body. I now had a female body I could explore without restriction. My cock pulsed at the thoughts of what I could do now. Sandy looking up at me with excitement and anticipation.

I am sure she just wants me to touch her body all over, giving in to our sexual desire to touch and fuck each other like horny teenagers. But I don't want to give her that right away, I want to expose her more, to make her feel a little more vulnerable. To explore what her reactions are to my touch and teasing.

I get up off my knees and step back to my shorts, pulling out my camera. I wanted a photo of this moment, a female at my begging, a keepsake to use on the cold nights. I take a few photos as Sandy watches me, I walk around her, my cock pushing hard on my jocks.

Standing next to Sandy's head, her looking up at my groin, I put my hands on the sides of my jocks. She gives a happy nod, she tells me we should be nude together and I agree. I push my jocks down firmly, releasing my hard cock with a flick. It jumps free and bounces around in the sun. The light breeze refreshing on my balls. I let my jocks drop around my feet next to Sandy's head. She has a perfect view of my balls and hard cock now. I see her shift with excitement on the blanket. She asks if she can suck on the pre-cum laced into my jocks. I agree as pre-cum has a lovely sweet taste. I hold up my jocks to her mouth as she licks and enjoys my taste for the first time. My pre-cum sticking to her face and lips as she laps it up.

When she is finished sucking I throw my jocks to the side and step around her. I walk up to her feet and bend down, holding her feet I slowly start to part her legs. Slowly spreading them and revealing the crotch of her panties. I find a lovely line of wetness that has formed along her pussy, from her clit to vagina. It looks sticky and delicious. It was my turn to taste her for the first time and get to see her pussy in person for the first time also.

I step up between her legs and grab at the sides of her panties. Sandy offers herself and lifts her hips while I slowly peel the panties away from her. The crotch of her wet panties sticking to her lips as I pulled slowly. It was a delicious sight, the wetness of an excited pussy, lips that were pink and plump, trimmed pubic hair. An erotic scent of horny pussy juice filled my nose as I paused and took in the sight. Now I was really looking forward to eating her out.

With her wet panties in my hand, I raised them to my face with Sandy watching eagerly, like a chef that just cooked a cake to judge. The scent and texture of Sandy's juices were thrilling. I licked at the inside of the panties with excitement. Sticky and warm, it drove me crazy. Once I had finished my face and lips were covered with her sticky pussy juice.

I stand up and throw her panties over with my jocks. I take one more photo with my camera of her exposed pussy in the sun and put it away for now. Then, I had an idea. I knelt down next to Sandy again, lent over and kissed her deeply. I wanted to kiss her again and have us both taste each other's juices at the same time. It was a wet and sticky kiss, with an amazing taste of sweet pre-cum and salty pussy juices all mixed together.

It was now time to embrace, explore and tease her body. I had put off touching her naked body until now. With Sandy exposed and vulnerable now I started with her breasts. Grabbing with both hands I squeeze at her breasts, pushing them together and taking in their size. Sandy lays her head back and closes her eyes, starting to let herself go. Giving out a little squeak from my first touch. I work her breasts in circles, letting her nipples flick between my fingers. I start to squeeze each nipple between my fingers, rolling her nipples and giving them a firm twist as Sandy raises her body in reaction to my stimulation.

I bend over and lift a breast to my mouth. I tease the nipple with the end of my tongue, flicking at it and rolling around it. Then I bend over more to suck her breast into my mouth, sucking and licking vigorously. I feel Sandy's body shift and beg for more under my control. Her breathing becoming heavy, with little hums and groans of enjoyment escaping from her mouth.

With my mouth firmly still sucking and playing with her nipples and breasts, I move one of my hands down over her tummy. Slowly making its way down over her mound. Over her trimmed pubic hair, then over the outside of her moist pussy. I rest my hand over her wet lips, just letting her calm down as she tries to thrust her hips at my hand. Her body begging for more from me, more contact, more stimulation. My fingers can feel her juices spread down and along the insides of her thighs. I push my hand down a little further, feeling her juices dripping down over her anus. I give her anus a little rub and push but leave it all as a tease.

Bringing my fingers back up over Sandy's pussy lips I start to tease at them and spread them just a little wider. At the same time I lift my head from Sandy's breasts, leaving a hand pinching one nipple. Now I start to move down her body, ready for exploring her pussy more. I want to look over her pussy, play and playfully pull at her pussy lips. Touch and tease at her clit, exploring how she reacts to stimulation.

I raise up from her body for a moment as I spread her legs wider and move to kneel between them, forcing them open with my legs. Kneeling between her legs I run my fingers along her slit, feeling the wetness on my fingertips. Pushing at her pussy lips, I spread them, finding the hood of her clitoris. I give it a quick rub as Sandy swirls her hips in enjoyment. Teasing at the entrance of her vagina, but not going in at all. All I want to do now is tease and explore her. She tries to move her hips at my fingers, trying to make me touch harder and rub her clitoris. But just as she becomes more desperate for more stimulation, I stop.

I sit up and take in where we are, forgetting up till now that we are in a public place. Sun shining down on our exposed naked bodies. With Sandy bound and sexually exposed to anything. I look down at my own cock, still rock hard and pre-cum now starting to drip from the tip. I stand up and allow more sun to warm my body, looking down at an exposed female. I walk over to the picnic basket and get a drink for myself and offer a drink to Sandy. Just taking a moment for us both to calm down and take in this experience, because I think I won't be able to restrain myself the next time I touch Sandy's body.

Starting again, I kneel next to Sandy's head and offer my cock for her to suck. I want to remember what it's like having my cock sucked again and offer her a chance to taste my pre-cum directly as it drips from the tip.

She eagerly takes it into her mouth, giving the tip a quick lick as I push it in her mouth. I hold my hips up close to her head, allowing only me to control how my cock goes in and out of her mouth for a start. Enjoying the sucking sensation she is giving me, I start to move my hard cock in and out. Sandy slurping and trying to take in as much of my cock as she can, sucking all the pre-cum from me. As the pleasure grows in my cock I start to grab and play with her breasts again, looking down at her as she takes my girth and length into her mouth. When I think she is enjoying it too much and my cock becomes super stimulated I pull out. I don't want to cum here.

I step up and move quickly back to between Sandy's legs. Having to open them wide again with my hips and hands. As I do so, I watch her pussy lips pull apart again, with strings of pussy juice being formed between them. It was time to make another desire of Sandy's come true, having her pussy licked and eaten out.
