 Fabiola quickly reviewed the list of things she needed to do before tomorrow. "Everything is set, I hope everything turns out as I planned," she thought to herself with a sigh. "Now if only the weather would cooperate with me" she whispered. She quickly glanced at the kitchen clock, "2:30 am....better get back to bed before Russ notices I'm not there."

Quietly Fabiola returned to the bedroom and slipped into bed with Russ. As if sensing her presence, Russ rolled over toward her and wrapped his arm around her. Instinctively, Fabiola snuggled close to him, feeling his warm body pressing against her bare bottom. Russ, as if on cue began tracing circles on her body with his fingers, gently massaging her side and thigh. Slowly he slipped his hand around her front and cupped her breasts. His fingers began to tease her nipples, making them hard. Fabiola began to feel warm and tingly all over. She quietly moaned as Russ's hand began to wonder to slow and teasingly down to her pussy. His finger slowly parted her lips, mischievously dipping his index finger in her wet mound. Fabiola opened her legs to give him more access to her dripping wet pussy. Russ continued his feverish movements and felt Fabiola's pussy grip his finger, as it released a splash of her juice.

By this time Fabiola had reached behind her to caress and pump Russ's manhood. Russ continued to use his fingers to bring his wife to another orgasm, suddenly he gripped her hips and lifted her legs and entered her forcefully. Fabiola moaned as she felt her husband's cock stretch her pussy. Russ slammed his cock into his wife, gently pushing her body to lean forward, allowing him to enter her at a deeper angle. There was no need to speak; the quiet rainy night was the sole witness to this erotic scene. Russ thrust hard and fast into his wife. Both moaning as they came closer to their climax. Russ felt his impending orgasm and leaned forward to kiss his wife's neck and shoulders. His pace quickened and he gently bit Fabiola's shoulder as he emptied his seed into her. Fabiola felt her husband's cum gushing into her and felt her own orgasm explode as Russ's cum filled her. Their hearts continued to beat fast as they lay together and drifted slowly back to sleep with Russ's cock still inside Fabiola.

At 5:30 a.m. the alarm went off, Russ was always the first to get up in the morning. He leaned over to kiss Fabiola, as she opened her eyes and smiled at him then covered her face with the bedcovers, not wanting to get up.

Unbeknownst to Russ, Fabiola had arranged to have the day off. She had a little adventure planned and as she was thinking of what lay ahead for herself. Just then, the phone rang.

"Hello? Yes, he's here...Russ, telephone..." she called out to him. He picked up the phone and she could only hear a few 'ahs and okays'. He walked back to the bedroom, with a look of disappointment. "Honey that was the principal, apparently last night's storm caused some damage to the school and classes have been canceled so maintenance can do some clean up. I get to stay home." 

Fabiola acted surprised, "Oh really? must be nice to have a day off, while your wife has to go to work" she said looking a little mad. He responded with "it's not my fault..." and climbed back to bed. To Fabiola --- the day had started out as she had planned. Fabiola got up and quickly showered; picked out a nice skirt and blouse as not to arouse any suspicions in her husband. But underneath her 'professional' appearance she wore a new corset with a garter belt and stockings.

She kissed her husband goodbye and made sure she had her cell phone and all the things she needed for her day. As she walked out the door, she noticed that it was a bright and beautiful clear day, unlike the last few rainy days. "Thank God," she thought "so far so good.... now I hope the rest of my plan will play out just as easily." About 20 minutes later, she arrived at her destination. She looked around making sure that there was no traffic or people there. She had arranged to have the whole area reserved for her. She picked up her cell phone, dialed and waited.

"Hello?" the voice answered.

"Russ, it's me...umm, I think there is something wrong with the car. It was making a funny noise and then it stalled on me. I got it to start again but as I began driving the noise started again too. I had to pull over and now it won't start again."

"Where are you?" he asked.

"I was on my way to visit MVCC and of course I took the scenic route...I am at the Lake Tampier parking lot."

"Okay, I will be right there, in the meantime call a tow truck to come get the car..."

"NO!" she managed to say to loudly, "why don't you look at it first and maybe you can figure it out what's wrong with it and if you can't, we'll call the mechanic...I just hate to spend money on a tow if you can get it started..." 

"But, aren't you going to be late for your college visit?" he asked.

"I called the counselor to see if anyone had scheduled an appointment to see me and no one has as of yet. I told her my car died, she said not to worry if I have to reschedule." 

"Okay honey, I will be right there.... and don't talk to any strangers!" he managed to say jokingly.

"That was close," she thought. 

While she waited for Russ to show up, she unpacked what she had brought. She looked around to make sure that there were no cars or people. She was getting a little excited as she waited for her husband. Without hesitation, she lifted her skirt a little bit and began to touch herself. She was wet with anticipation, "mmmm...." was all she could say as she brought herself to a small orgasm. She saw Russ's car in the distance, casually rearranged her clothing and waited for him to park near her car.

"Hi honey... okay...let's have a look...pop the hood...and start the car," he said.

Fabiola got into the car and turned the ignition key and the car started right up as if nothing was wrong."Well, I'll be damned, it didn't start after it died here in the lot," she said, "it was making a weird noise when I was at the light, then it died. When it started up again, I continued driving until it began to make the 'thump thump' noise, that's why I pulled in to the parking lot."

"I don't hear anything," Russ said. He closed the hood and let the car run for a while. Just then, Fabiola's cell phone rang.

"Hello? Oh hi...okay...when I get into the office I will call you...bye," she turned to Russ and said, "that was MVCC calling to say it was okay if I didn't come in, they lost power in the building. I guess now I have a day off too."

Russ wasn't paying attention to Fabiola, rather his concentration was on the car. Fabiola looked at her husband and said, "Honey, why don't we stay here and make sure the car is drivable?"

"Okay...hey....there's no one here...isn't this place normally full of people fishing and on picnics?" he asked as he looked around the forest preserve area.

"Maybe it's because of all the rain we've had the last few days...even so...it's such a beautiful day for a picnic don't you think?" she asked him.

With that she walked over to her car and turned it off, then she walked over to the trunk and pulled out a picnic basket and a blanket. Russ just stared at his wife in astonishment. "Where did that come from?" he asked. 

"From our house," she replied, "I always carry a picnic basket with me.... you know...in case of an emergency...and today qualifies as an emergency..." she giggled and started walking toward a picnic table near a weeping willow tree. He walked up right behind her and followed her to the semi-secluded area. Russ laughed as he watched his wife take out a tray of cheese with fruit, small sandwiches, and a bottle of wine. By this time it hit him that his devious wife planned all this.

"You planned this didn't you?" he asked her.

"No, of course not.... like I said, I always carry a picnic basket in the trunk..." she said trying not to laugh.

They sat there and ate some of the goodies and watched the ducks swim by them looking for some food. The picnic table was in a semi-enclosed area with a small wooden canopy tent...usually reserved for small picnic parties. It was a perfect location for their romantic picnic...right by the edge of the lake. They drank some wine and Fabiola began to feel its affects... her face flushed with excitement and warm sensations began to flow down to her womanhood.

"I have another surprise for you," she said in a seductive whisper. 

"Really...what kind of surprise?" he asked.

Fabiola slowly began to unbutton her blouse giving Russ a peek at the corset that flashed just enough of her cleavage and emphasized her ample bosom. Then she slowly hiked up her skirt to reveal the stockings and garter belt. And to seal the deal as she raised her skirt higher, she proudly displayed the fact she was not wearing any panties. She moved toward him and stood in front of him with her blouse unbuttoned, her tits peeking at him and her skirt around her waist. 

Fabiola moved the remaining food towards the end of the table. "There is one more thing you didn't get a chance to eat," she said as she sat on the table. Fabiola lay back on the table and scooted her ass to the edge of the table to give him better access to her hot wet pussy. Russ could only nod in agreement, moved over, and got between his wife's legs. He began to kiss her inner thighs, softly kissing his way up to her honey-filled hole. 

Russ continued to plant small kisses on Fabiola's inner thighs working his way upward, only teasing her with gentle licks. Fabiola moaned as she felt his hot breath and tongue on her clit. 

"Please...please..." was all she managed to say.

"Please what?" he asked her with a smirk on his face. 

"Please tongue fuck my pussy, I want to cum all over your face" she said. With those words Russ no longer needed any more coaxing. He began to lick Fabiola's pussy, sucking her clit and watched it grow from all the attention his tongue was giving it. With one hand he began to finger his wife like he had done the night before. With his free hand he pinched her nipples, until she moaned from the pain and pleasure she was feeling. Fabiola began to moan louder and he knew she was about to cum. With his whole mouth pressed against her pussy, Russ swallowed all of Fabiola's love juice.

Fabiola's whole body began to tremble as she came. Russ continued to suck and lick her sweet pussy, fingering her to a second orgasm. He loved how his wife reacted to his tongue and fingers, loved her taste and couldn't get enough of it. Fabiola buckled as another orgasm hit, completely soaking Russ's face. Russ stood up and unzipped his jeans, pulled out his hard cock and was about to enter her. But Fabiola stopped him, and motioned for him to lie on the table with her. As he lay down, she positioned herself just above his face, and with her mouth she engulfed his hard cock. Not being able to refuse the lovely sight of his wife's pussy, he began to lick and tongue fuck her as she licked and sucked his cock. Fabiola loved sucking Russ and did her best not to disappointment him. She licked his cock from head to base, swirling her tongue around the head. His cock was like a big lollipop that never went down. She leaned forward a little, so she could pay attention to his balls. She softly kissed them and ran her tongue gently over them, causing Russ to moan into her pussy. Fabiola couldn't hold in her orgasm any longer and let out a low guttural moan, as she came again in her husband's mouth.

She finally tore her pussy away from her husband's mouth and just rotated her position. Now, she was riding his hard cock, his hands holding onto her hips and lifting them as they moved. Her tits swung in his face and he would lick one and then the other as they bounced in front of him. He knew Fabiola's body so well, that he could see it in her face when she was about to cum. He gripped her hips and thrust into her, meeting her movements. As she thrust down unto him, he thrust up into her; that was enough to cause Fabiola's pussy to contract and squeeze his cock. It wasn't long before Fabiola's moans got even louder, and his own moans began to amplify as well. Fabiola's face was flushed with excitement, her eyes closed as she felt her body release her sweet nectar, and with a few more forceful strokes, Russ's own love juice mixed with hers. They came together both crying out in ecstasy.

For them it was as if the world around them did not exist. Fabiola lay on top of Russ, still panting from her unbelievable orgasms. After a few minutes they realized it had been raining on them, their clothes were soaking wet. Their lovemaking had left them oblivious to the world, the rain had only added to their pleasurable moment. They dressed and packed away the food. Holding hands they began to walk back to their cars, when it began to rain harder than before, they ran as fast as they could. Giggling, they ran to the parking lot, kissing one last time before they got into their different cars. But before Russ got into his car, Fabiola yelled out "I'll meet you back home...you didn't even get the chance to taste the dessert." 

"What kind of dessert is it?" Russ asked. 

With a sly smile Fabiola answered, "Whipped cream and my nipples..." 

"Well, what are we waiting for...let's hurry home before the whipped cream melts," Russ said and hurriedly started his car and followed his wife home.