 "It's the perfect place for a picnic, I promise you," she said as she grabbed the lunch she had made and stuffed in a grocery bag at home.

"Won't the church mind us using their parking lot?" he asked as he glanced toward the church going stragglers chatting by the front walk.

"Nah, I'm friends with Pastor Robertson," she said with a cheeky grin as she slung the blanket over her shoulder and turned to wave. A black suited man and his wife waved back cheerily. Then she turned to Glenn and stared into his eyes for a moment before handing him the bag of food. She stood on tiptoe and gave him a quick kiss.

"Come on," she said as she grabbed his hand and pulled him towards the woods.

They walked past the old graveyard, down a little hill and entered a grassy valley. They jumped the tiny stream and followed it uphill to the verge of the forest. Still following the brook they walked past moss covered boulders and ventured deeper into the woods. 

After fifteen minutes or so they emerged into a grassy hollow clearing, with the creek babbling over a few rocks down the middle of the stream. The little meadow was surrounded on all sides by thick woods. The creek continued uphill towards it's source. Glenn smiled with approval, this was truly an idyllic spot.

There was a little waterfall and pool formed by a fallen trunk and packed with years of accumulated debris. 

She spread the blanket out on a level area near the small pool, kicked off her flip flops and sank down, patting the spot beside her invitingly. Glenn set the food bag at the top of the blanket and plopped down beside her. They giggled and chatted as they ate the ham sandwiches, chips and bottled soda.

There was a sudden huge clap of thunder that made then turn to look back down towards the church. Thick dark clouds had gathered while they ate, and a line of solid rain was visible quickly advancing.

"Oh no! It will ruin my new silk blouse!" she exclaimed. 

There was no way they were going to make it to the car before they were soaked to the skin. Thinking quickly she looked around at the thin, hole ridden blanket and the remains of lunch. The hiss of the pouring rain was getting louder as the white line advanced through the trees. 

Glenn held up the plastic bag that they had carried lunch in. There was no way it was big enough for a raincoat, so Kathy made an impulse decision and with a resolute sigh, pulled her blouse off and stuffed it in the bag. Then she looked at her thin white pants and thought, "What the heck, he's seen me naked before." Mumbling under her breath she shucked them off and stuffed the pants in the bag, too.

Glenn lay on one elbow watching spellbound, mouth slightly open as she slipped out of her undies and added them to the bag. 

"Well," he said, rising, "I don't want to wear wet clothes either." 

He yanked off his t-shirt and shoved down his jeans as the rain began to fall. He stuffed them in the bag on top of her clothes, then put the empty sandwich bag and chips bag across the opening and tied it shut.

Kathy was still standing there, stark naked, looking down at him as he knelt to tie the bag shut. The pouring rain plastering his hair down, running down his chest and arm, dripping across his thigh. 

He looked up at her standing there like a pagan goddess in the pouring rain and saw her breath quicken. He stared for a minute at the drops hanging on the tips of her nipples, then reached up and touched his finger to one. She gasped and stared down at the muscles rippling in his shoulders as he put his finger to his mouth and licked the drop off, then reached back up to circle her nipple with the finger wet with saliva. 

"Ohhh," she said.

"Mmmmm, Kathy," he said.

He slid his hand down the side of her full breast, around her waist and down to her buttocks, as the other hand slid up the other thigh to grab the other cheek. He pulled her close and kissed just below her belly button. She melted against him then slid down to kneel on the blanket with him, each with one knee between the others thighs, bodies slippery with rain. She felt his erection grow, throbbing and twitching against her thigh, as he kissed her. 

He deepened the kiss then slid sideways down onto the blanket, pulling her down with him, then rolling over on top of her to kiss and nibble down the column of her throat, across her collar bone, over the top of her shoulder, tracing a zigzag path down to her nipple, as big cold drops splattered on her face. 

She arched up to meet his mouth and threw her head back as he laved her nipple with his hot tongue, then licked the rain from her cleavage in a burning path to the other. He sucked it into his mouth, swirling his tongue around and around, barely grazing it with his teeth, tugging slightly with his lips as it shriveled up into a rock hard nub. 

He ran his warm tongue along the soft underside of her breast, then slid lower to kiss her ribs, his damp chest dragging across her mons and sticking to and pulling the hair slightly, eliciting a sharp gasp as the shocks ran through her body. 

She whimpered softly as he licked the accumulated rainwater from her belly button, then he exhaled as he pressed a long, tender kiss on her fur, making her moan loudly as he nibbled further down her inner thigh. He slid his hand down her waist and cupped his hot palm over her mons as he licked the inside of her knee. 

She squirmed and raised her hips into his hand, silently begging for more, reaching to touch his hair. He rubbed the flat of his palm up and down on her a few times, then slid it to the side and gently brushed his thumb back and forth across the wet hair.

"Oh! Glenn PLEASE!" she begged, bucking her hips. 

He wiggled his thumb between her nether lips and she gasped, "Oh God!" 

He bit her knee and she pulled his hair to try to draw him up to her. He pulled away and sat back on his heels just out of reach as he wiggled his thumb in deeper and watched her face as he circled his thumb slowly on her button. Her hands clawed at the wet blanket and the beads of rainwater gathered in a river between her breasts to pool in the hollow at the base of her throat, rippling and overflowing in time with her breathing. He slipped a finger inside her hot, slippery wetness, then two fingers, and massaged the little mass of her g spot as well as her outer bean.

"Oh God, oh God, oh my God! Yes, Glenn! Yes! YES!" she said as her body spasmed and shuddered with the power of her orgasm, lifting alternately her shoulders and her hips from the blanket with its intensity, her hot cum squirting out all over his hand and wrist. 

He shook the rain from his eyes and slid down to taste her juices, his fingers continuing to work inside her while his tongue took over where his thumb had been. She almost immediately began to gasp and squeal as another smaller orgasm over took her. 

She gasped for air then began to find her voice again. "Please Glenn, please, come to me!" She pulled his hair and stroked his ear, he moaned and growled deep in his throat, and then crawled up her, kissing her belly, then nipples as her hands twined through his hair and around to claw at his back, her legs wrapping around his thighs and butt to hurry him home. He stared at her face for a moment as she lay there squirming, waiting for her to open her big blue eyes. He held her gaze as he slowly entered her, one inch, two, back out, two inches, three, and out again, slowly, slowly, a little more each time.

She writhed and clawed at his butt, wanting it all. He pulled almost out then pounded it home, sheathing all seven inches deep inside her, the slap of their bodies indistinguishable from the BANG and flash of a nearby lightning strike.

She opened her eyes wide and looked around, a little worried, but he seemed not to notice and pounded into her harder than ever. She had a sudden terrifying image of lightning striking him on top of her and causing him to explode inside her in a horrible way instead. She shuddered and kissed him, then rolled them both over as one so she would be on top and the lightning would hit her instead.

She squirmed and ground on him, biting his lip, nibbling his earlobe, sucking just the smallest hicky on his neck as her hand played on his muscular chest, her palm rubbing circles on his little nubbin nipple, as he cupped and rubbed her breasts too, greatly enjoying having both hands free. He bucked and rose under her as she bounced and ground, then she threw her head back and sat up straight to take him all the way, deeper and deeper, forgetting all about the storm and the danger of lightning.

He saw her head begin to thrash and roll as yet another orgasm over took her, so he grabbed her wrists to steady her on top of him, watching her face, feeling his balls tighten as she pulsed and squeezed around him . "Oh, I'm gonna cum!" he said as she thrashed ever harder. 

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" he groaned as he threw his head back and filled her with his hot juices. 

She took a breath and opened her eyes to watch his face, loving the grimace and the veins bulging in his neck, bouncing and squirming on him until he gave the last gasp that signaled he was done. She laid down on his chest, straightening one leg along his, kissing him passionately, then more tenderly as they both started to catch their breath. 

"Oh Kathy, that was incredible" he breathed into her hair as she nestled into his neck. He stroked long slow strokes up and down her back with both hands, pushed her hair off her face and neck so he could stroke her cheek. His eyes began to clear and he looked around, realizing that the rain had stopped, and the sun was out, but getting low. 

He looked at his watch and gasped "Your parents!"

"Oh... mom will be mad if we are late for dinner, and I want you to make a good impression the first time you meet them!" She looked at his watch and her eyes got huge. "Oh! No time to go home to clean up!" She hopped to her feet and pulled his hand, then tiptoed down the into the knee deep pool in the stream. 

He joined her and they splashed each other clean, then sat down on a boulder to soak up the last of the afternoon sun as they dried.

He combed his fingers gently through her hair as the last of the rain water dried, leaving it softly curling, then looked at his watch and said "We better go". They quickly dressed, finding that only his shirt had a few spots of water on it, and stuffed the soaked blanket into the plastic bag.

When they emerged from the woods they saw that people were arriving at the church for evening services, and they laughed like crazy, thinking "if only they knew", as they waved at Pastor Robertson and drove away.