 Hugo Dawson stopped in front of the block of brownstone apartments & sought out the advertisement he had seen earlier. "VACANCY FOR POLITE WELL MANNERED GENTLEMAN."

He smiled to himself as he knew he could be polite and well mannered when the occasion demanded it but a gentleman he most certainly was not. 

He rang the old fashioned bell of the apartment and heard the tinkle of the bell in the depths. After a few minutes the door was opened by a handsome woman of generous proportions around forty years of age, wearing an apron over a knee length skirt and a loose fitting sleeveless blouse buttoned to the neck. Although loose fitting the blouse failed to disguise her ample breasts but was no surprise to Hugo as he had ascertained the occupants of the lodging house previously.

"Yes? Can I help you?" She asked in a soft, quiet voice.

"Well I hope so Ma'am, I am looking for lodgings in this area as it's close to my workplace and I'm hoping that the room isn't taken, the rent isn't a problem and I can pay a month in advance if need be." 

He replied in his best tone of voice, soft but firm, questioning but not pleading.

"No, the room is not taken and you look respectable enough but I would like some kind of references if you have any." The woman replied after looking him over and seeing a tall well built man of similar age to herself, clean shaven and well dressed in a suit which was slightly shabby but fitted him well.

"Certainly Ma'am, I have references from my previous employer and also from my previous lodgings in Baltimore." 

Handing over two envelopes containing the references he had so painstakingly written himself in different handwriting before his release from prison two weeks previously. The prison where he been incarcerated for the past six months for pimping.

She took the envelopes and tucked them in her apron pocket.

"You had better come in and see the room before you commit yourself, I'll take a look at your references while you inspect the room." 

Standing to one side and beckoning him inside.

"Why thank you Ma'am, mighty gracious of you."

He replied with a wide smile and edging sideways past her as he entered, the tips of her breasts brushing against his chest in the narrow doorway allowing Hugo to press against her all too briefly. Hugo felt rather than heard her sharp intake of breath as they made brief contact. Just as he thought, she was a widow or divorcee trying to make ends meet and being forced to take in lodgers, probably having no social life and missing all its pleasures, just as he had for the past six months.

Hugo followed her up the steep staircase at a distance so he had a perfect view of her pert round ass, her skirt stretched tightly over the roundness of her butt. He was tempted to stroke her rounded ass but thought better of it as she glanced round at him giving him a cute half smile. It crossed his mind that she didn't realise what was on display and was teasing him unconsciously.

They reached the room he was to view and once again she stood in the doorway so he had to squeeze past her, this time he was even closer and her breasts and hips were pressed against him and he held her slim waist as he squeezed past. 

"Excuse me Ma'am."

He muttered in a soft seductive voice and he felt her pelvis twitch against his rising bulge.

"If you like the room and take it you can call me Emma." 

She whispered huskily with a catch in her voice. Emma hadn't been this close to a man in almost two years and as she felt his hands on her waist her skin tingled from her head to her .......... well, to her core.

"I'm sure I will like it and all that comes with it.....Emma." 

Hugo replied with a suggestive edge to his voice, implying that he had his own ideas as to what came with the room.

"My name is Hugo,,,,, Hugo Dawson."

"Well ,,,,,,,,,,,,,Hugo,,, we will make every effort to make you feel at home here."

"We?"

Asked Hugo in surprise raising an enquiring eyebrow.

"My daughter, Tina, and I, didn't I mention it? She will attend to all your needs whilst I see to the basics." 

"I see, so I will be getting a personal service eh? I'll look forward to being pampered by BOTH of you."

Emma looked at him oddly and replied,

"Don't be getting ideas in your head about living under the same roof as two women, the roof is the only thing either of us will be under with you."

Hugo held his hands up in mock surrender.

"It was a joke Emma, in poor taste perhaps, considering we have only just met but a joke all the same."

Hugo surveyed the room, it was small but clean and comfortable with a washstand and fresh towels, a decent sized bed, not a single but neither a double but it would accommodate two people. The covers were turned down and two large pillows adorned the head of the bed. In one corner was a large comfortable looking armchair, somewhat old fashioned but in good condition. On the floor, at one side of the bed was a thick woollen rug covering the bare wooden floor.

"Very nice Emma, small, but adequate for my simple needs, just one thing, what about bathing or showering?"

Hugo commented as he looked around noticing that Emma's face was flushed, why? He was not quite sure.

Emma looked a little flustered and held her hands to her chest and Hugo's eyes followed them, drawn to Emma's prodigious breasts. 

"Yes, of course, I should have mentioned it, there is a communal bathroom for us all at the end of the landing, with a shower. Tina and I are both up and about by five thirty each morning and we shower then so you have no worries about bursting in on either of us, in any case there is a lock on the inside."

Emma explained all this a little breathlessly and she looked around as if looking for some way to escape.

"Well, I am sure that I will be very comfortable here, providing of course that my references meet your expectations."

Hoping that Emma would go no further than reading them.

"I am sure that they are excellent Mr.er Hugo, of course I will read them but I don't think I need to take it further."

Emma replied quickly, looking at the floor & moving to the door.

"I'll leave you to settle in and then if you would like to join me in the lounge for coffee and we can sort out the fine details."

"Wonderful, I will need to collect my belongings and then I will be back within fifteen minutes, I don't suppose you could supply me with a key? I don't wish to keep disturbing you with my comings and goings."

Hugo asked quite reasonably.

"Of course, here, take mine for now, I'll get one cut for you tomorrow."

Emma handed him a key that she had hanging round her neck & dangling between her breasts.

Hugo took the key, holding her hand just for a moment and looking into her eyes he saw a momentary flicker of panic. As his hand closed over the key he felt the warmth of her breasts on it and wondered how long it would be before he was holding them in his hands. 

Emma left him alone and practically ran to the privacy of her own room where she flopped on the bed hitching her dress up around her waist and thankfully dipping her fingers into her sopping wet pussy. It was so unusual for Emma to feel this way as she had a very strict almost puritanical upbringing and it had been drummed into her by her mother that what went on in the bedroom between husband and wife was not to be enjoyed but endured and it was a wife's duty to please her husband not the other way round. Deep down though Emma was a very sexual woman and had discovered at a very early age how to pleasure herself, but that was in the past now and only rarely did she feel the need to indulge herself. 

"FUCK, what is he doing to me? I don't even know him but I want him like crazy." She thought to herself as her juices flooded over her hand and she lay bucking her hips on the bed.

Hugo smiled in satisfaction as Emma hurried from his room. He hadn't lost it, in spite of being rusty, he could still charm a woman without really trying. He imagined that even now Emma was confused & undecided what she should do, whether to let Hugo have his way with her or if she should try to ignore his magnetism. Hugo shrugged his shoulders, it was of no concern to him which path she chose but she was an attractive woman & convenient for when he needed her so perhaps he should find out a little more about her & use his charm on her.

Dinner that evening was interesting, in that, Hugo, through carefully chosen questions discovered that Emma was indeed a divorcee of two years and had been left penniless by her philandering husband, with a daughter who was now nineteen and was going off the tracks a little, staying out late and sometimes not returning home until the next morning without a word of explanation.

"Where is Tina tonight? I haven't had the pleasure of meeting her yet."

Hugo asked casually although he really wanted to meet this girl who was almost out of control, she would be an interesting challenge.

"Oh she's out with some girlfriends at a party, she won't be home until late so it'll be morning, when she comes in to change the sheets."

Emma replied quietly, not sounding convinced.

Hugo reached across the table and covered Emma's hand with his own and reassured her in a friendly tone.

"Don't worry Emma, I'm sure that she'll settle down, it's just the teenage hormones acting up." 

As he finished speaking Hugo gave her hand a squeeze & felt a timid squeeze in response. Hugo left his hand holding Emma's but she didn't take it away so they sat holding hands across the table.

Hugo sat looking intently at Emma until she dropped her eyes, her cheeks reddened and she took her hand away saying almost hurriedly.

"I had better get these pots washed, they won't do themselves."

Clearing the table and disappearing into the kitchen.  

Quietly, Hugo stood and watched through the partly open kitchen door. Emma was standing at the sink bowl her hands tightly gripping the edge and her shoulders heaving with her head bowed. Hugo knew she was crying and guessed that it was to do with Tina so he opened the door and crossed the floor to stand behind her and hold her shoulders & whisper quietly in her ear.

"There, there Emma, don't cry, Tina will be home safe and sound in the morning." 

As he spoke his hands slid slowly down her bare arms, stroking over the warm, soft silkiness of her skin and he felt her shudder slightly and goosebumps appeared on her arms. 

Slowly she turned around to face him her tear stained eyes looking up at him. 

"It's not Tina i'm crying about, it's us, not that there is an 'us', I have known you just a few hours and I feel,,,, OH GOD, I don't know what I feel." 

Pressing herself against his chest gripping his arms and lifting her face to him inviting a kiss. Hugo bent his head and kissed her softly, just brushing his lips over her hot wet mouth. 

"Emma, don't distress yourself, I understand that you are confused, talking about your marriage must be distressing, bringing back memories of those intimate moments that you shared."

"Thank you for that Hugo, what must you think of me? It's just that I've not been this close to a man in over two years and I thought that we might,,,,,,,,,,,,,, well you know, just this once."

Hugo knew well enough what she meant and was determined that it would not be a one time thing. He looked down at her and smiled. "If you are sure Emma, I would be honoured, you are a very attractive woman and I don't wish to take advantage of you,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, BUT."

Even as he spoke he was unbuttoning her cream silk blouse until her bra was showing with the upper part of her full plump breasts quivering as her breathing quickened, she shrugged off her blouse letting it fall to the floor and Hugo reached around her to unsnap the lacy bra & slowly released her full breasts, her nipples hard and taut like organ stops surrounded by dark circles of dimpled areola. Hugo hungrily fastened his lips on one and caught the other between finger and thumb, rolling the hard nub in his fingers. Emma was panting hard and fast and unbuttoning his shirt.

"HUGO, HUGO, OH FUCK , that feels so good, take me,,,, here,,,,, now."

Emma cried out, her head rocked back as she thrust her breasts out and her hips jerked against the increasing bulge in his pants. Hugo found the zipper of her skirt and moved it down, sliding the waist of the skirt over her slim hips and letting it pool at her feet. Hugo held her by the waist at arms length admiring her body, slim and tight, well kept, topped with a pair of knockout breasts. Emma was wearing lace topped holdups and a modest pair of dark blue panties which now had a telltale wet patch at the crotch.

"You look amazing Emma." 

Said Hugo admiringly in a husky voice.

Emma didn't really hear him as she was struggling with his belt buckle and zipper both at the same time. Finally Emma had his buckle undone and his zipper down and her hands delved eagerly into his pants.

"Let's see what you have hidden in there, I hope it's worth the wait."

Emma whispered, a naughty glint in her eye, a complete transformation from the shy woman of just a few minutes ago. 

"JEEEZUS ALMIGHTY, WHAT DO WE HAVE HERE?"

Emma cried in delight as she pulled the whole nine inches of thick stiff man meat from Hugo's pants, falling to her knees and cooing over it, rubbing the purple swollen cock head over her face and lips, leaving a snail trail of precum on her glowing, smiling face.

"I hope you're going to fuck me good with that humdinger of a cock MR HUGO." 

Emma laughed looking up at him happily.

"Certainly Miss Emma, if you'd be so good as to sit on that counter and open your legs we'll see if it will fit."

Hugo chuckled in reply entering into the spirit of the game.

"It'll fit alright even if you have to stretch me wide open."

Giggling, Emma slid her hand along the thick meaty pole.

Emma slipped her panties off tossing them aside and climbed up to sit on the counter and leaned back on her elbows watching as Hugo stepped between her widespread legs and stroked her soft silky thighs sending tingles right into her eager hole.

"Please Hugo, don't tease me, fuck me good and hard, it's been so long, I need it, I want it NOW."

Emma begged him.

Hugo's cock head opened the lips of her tight hungry pussy and slid into her wet hole. Emma gasped & began babbling incoherently as he stroked his way deep inside her. Her pussy gripping and releasing his shaft with each penetrating stroke. Hugo held her waist firmly when she began squirming and bucking, swearing and cursing in a way that surprised even Emma. Her ex husband had never made her feel this way and he was no wimp in the cock department but Hugo made her feel so good, he had a way of fucking her that she never thought possible. Each thrust sent tingles through her and the way he handled her breasts and nipples made them ache with need. Every touch made her tremble. Her skin felt so hot that she felt that she was burning. 

Hugo used all his skill to release Emma's inhibitions, turning her from an almost mouse like prude into a wild wanton woman who wanted him to take her to a sexual crescendo. The finale was inevitable as Hugo grunted loudly and his sperm jetted into her, filling every corner of her pink silky hole. Emma screamed loudly, 

"OH FUCK YESSSS, HUGO, FILL ME UP, YESSS, YESSS, OH GOD YESSSS."

Her orgasm ripped through her body, an orgasm that she had suppressed all those long, lonely tormented nights. She went limp, exhausted but so very happy and Hugo pressed tight against her, holding her, calming her and stroking her hair gently.

"I do believe that you were in need of that Emma, it must be some time since you have allowed yourself such pleasure."

He smiled at her softly. 

Emma smiled back, her fingers dipping into her wet slippery hole feeling the wetness of her core as she stirred her fingers inside herself, the sticky cream adhering to her fingers. She had never tasted herself and a partner's cum together but this seemed so natural, she put her fingers to her lips & sucked on the sticky goo, sighing at the slightly salty taste of Hugo's seed and the honeyed taste of her juices. 

"Yes, I didn't realise just how badly I wanted it."

Emma murmured dreamily.

"Will you take me to bed and fuck me again?,,,,,PLEASE." 

Looking at Hugo with a wild lustful look in her eyes.

"If I do I'll be all night, what if your daughter finds me sleeping with you, or, even fucking you silly?"

Hugo grinned to himself at the thought of being found with his cock deep inside Emma's wet hungry pussy. There would be a lot of explaining to do even though Emma could sleep with and fuck who the hell she liked.

Emma giggled, she wondered what Tina would say, probably "Good on yer mom, about time." Or she would go ballistic.

"Don't worry about that, I'll lock the bedroom door."

"So I can't escape I presume." 

Hugo laughed.

"Don't flatter yourself Hugo my dear, but I'll make sure you don't want to escape."

Emma wondered at herself, exchanging banter loaded with sexual innuendo with a man she had only met a few hours previously and who had just fucked her so expertly. She didn't recognise herself, one thing was certain, she wasn't the same woman as she was this morning, she was now a sexually confident woman with needs that had to be satisfied and Hugo was the man to do it. 

Five minutes later Hugo was laying propped up with pillows his hands clasped behind his head, watching as Emma rode his cock, undulating her hips over his meaty shaft, her breasts bouncing and swaying as she bit her lip in concentration.

"Keep going Emma, you're doing great."

Hugo encouraged her with a satisfied smile. Their lovemaking was less frenetic than before, taking their time to explore each others bodies. Hugo brought Emma to the very edge before allowing her to relax and enjoy the unfamiliar sensations that her body was feeling. Emma wasn't idle either she felt the contours of Hugo's body, rubbing the palms of her hands over his chest and pulling at his nipples then flicking her tongue over his dark protruding nipples, luxuriating in the dark curly hair around his areoles. 

Hugo sighed, so many women ignored their partner's need to be teased but Emma seemed to know just what he wanted, his nipples swelled to hard points on his chest and his cock twitched against her clit. Moving his hands to clasp the back of her head he tangled her dark hair in his fingers, holding her soft sensual lips to his chest, enjoying the sensation of her sucking his nipples, first one then the other and her large soft breasts pressing on the tops of his thighs.

"I guess it's about time we fucked, after all that's why we're here isn't it honey?"

He whispered softly sliding her up his body until they were face to face, their breath hot on one another's face. Emma coloured slightly as she knew that this is what she wanted more than anything but to be told in no uncertain terms that she was going to be fucked was so surreal.

"Please Hugo, I DO want you so bad, but please take it slow, I want to savour every moment, every thrust."

Emma practically whimpered, pressing herself against Hugo's firm muscular body. Hugo lifted Emma's hips up & snuggled his pulsing cock head snugly against the wet thick lips of her slit, rubbing his meat against the slippery lips and lowering her gently so his cock eased into her little by little until he was as deep as he could without pushing. Emma cooed and moaned softly, enjoying the the thickness and texture of his cock as it impaled her then gasped as it twitched inside her, grazing her G-spot, gliding across her sensitive nerve endings, sending bolts of pleasure to her core. Her hands gripped the bed tightly and she rocked her hips to match his relentless rhythm. 
