 Wednesday and Beyond 

I woke up the morning after my exhausting night with Sarah and Maggie and was amazed to find I wasn't hard. Sarah had already woken and was dressing for work. For a few minutes, I wondered if I would suddenly revert to a dud now that the pills were out of my system. That fear abated when Sarah walked into the room in the midst of dressing. The site of a pair of black pants clinging to her curves and a black shirt distended by her ample bust got me hard again. I felt good -- better than before the pills -- but I didn't feel like I was about to explode. She came over to kiss me goodbye and rubbed my hard cock through the sheets.

"Hold that thought until tonight," she said.

I showered, dressed and went into work, wondering what was going to happen with Jessica. She was wearing a conservative dress that day and smiled quickly at me when I walked in. About lunch time she came into my office.

"Tom, can we have a minute?"

"Sure."

She closed the door behind her. "Listen, about Monday night." She paused and then grinned. "It was great. I needed that sooo bad. But it can't happen again. I like you a lot as a friend but I just can't have an ongoing affair. My life is complicated enough."

I came around the desk, put my arms around her, gave her a little kiss. The press of her big tits into my chest got my cock growing but I ignored it.

"You don't know how relieved I am to hear that."

"Really?"

"Yes. Don't get me wrong. You were incredible the other night. And if I thought I could do it, I'd want to repeat that scene every night."

She hugged me back. "So would I."

"But like you said, it would just make our lives too complicated."

We kissed and I let her out of my office with just a little playful tap on her round ass. She grinned and stuck her tongue out at me.

I returned home that evening to find Sarah waiting in bed for me, eager to make sure she was pregnant -- and make sure as many times as we needed to. Perhaps it was the traces of the pills left in my system, but I managed to get it up three times -- each time ending with a massive blast of cum into her climaxing cunt.

———

Two weeks passed quietly. I saw Maggie each weekend when she came in to clean our house. We talked a little bit and stole a few quick kisses. A few times, when Sarah wasn't looking, she would turn to me with a little smile, pull her pants down and her shirt up just enough for me to see her pretty panties and flat belly. But nothing else happened, despite the palpable sexual tension between us. Without the pills coursing through my system, I was able to see some sense and make sure we were rarely alone. But I did find myself so aroused by Maggie that, after she left, I would attack Sarah like an animal.

Jessica and I settled back into our routine of harmless flirting. It was like that wild night hadn't happened. Well, almost. She seemed to go out of her way to give me little peeks down her shirt.

A the end of the third week, Sarah greeted me at the door with a shower of kisses. She had missed her period and the pregnancy test was positive. We celebrated that night with a mind-bending fuck on the floor of the living room. After we had finished and lay there in the afterglow, she asked:

"Are you still taking those pills?"

"No. I stopped the day you got back from Dallas. I was going out of my mind."

She reached down and squeezed my soft dick. "You sure? The last few weeks have been great."

Despite the absence of the pills, they HAD been great. Sarah and I had fucked every other night. Each time, I got rock hard and came abundantly.

"I'm certain."

"I wonder," she said. "Rachel said those pills cleared up channels of sexual energy. Maybe they've been opened for good."

"I certainly hope so. I couldn't go back to before. I felt like such a failure."

"You were still pretty good. But I can't lie. You've been an absolute stud since those pills."

We lay there for a while. Finally, she said.

"Could you take one tonight, though?"

"What?"

"Well, like I said, you've been a stud. But the day I got back, you were an animal. I know you can't do that all the time -- you have to work. But could you take one tonight -- just for me? It won't be long everything changes. And I'd like you to spend at least one night fucking my brains out before that happens."

I quickly agreed and took one of remaining pills before we went to bed. I went to sleep wondering if I'd wake up in that state of frenzy again -- somewhat afraid of it but somewhat thrilled too.

————————————

It was like deja vu when I woke early that Friday morning to find my cock hard, full and throbbing. I looked over at the sleeping form of my wife, admiring the sloping curve of her hips under the thin sheets. I wanted to wait until she woke up but I was gripped by an urgency I'd hadn't felt since I stopped taking the pills. It was as though my cock knew it was only going to have a single day of doing whatever it wanted and was determined to get the most out of it.

I reached around my wife's sleeping form and closed my hand over her heavy right breast. I kneaded it gently, rolling the nipple between my fingers. She breathed deeply and rolled toward me. I crawled down the bed to her feet and began kissing her legs, moving up to her thighs and big hips, closing in on her panties -- already moist with excitement. She moaned and parted her legs, like she was having a sex dream.

I trailed my kisses up until I made contact with her cunt. I pulled the panties aside and licked the full lips, pushed my tongue into her wet vagina, nuzzled her clit with my nose. She began to respond in her half-sleep, moaning and moving her legs apart. Finally, she raised herself up, looking down at me with bleary eyes.

"Do you want me to go on?" I asked, placing soft kisses on her lips.

She nodded and laid back. I continued to eat her out. Her moans began to get louder and more frequent. After just a few minutes, she had a long slow orgasm, her pussy milking my fingers with slow wet contractions. When she finished, she sat up, now wide awake, and looked me in the eye. She pulled the nightie off, exposing her delectable body.

"I need you," she said. "I need that big penis inside me."

I had planned to take it slow but my cock was dying to get inside her. I crawled up her body, spending a time kissing and nuzzling her big breasts, sucking on her tender nipples. Finally, I got on top and slid smoothly into her wet cunt. She gasped as her lips parted, then raised her legs up and moaned as I slid all nine inches into her. She wrapped her legs around my back and dug a heel into my butt, spurring me on like a horse. I started stroking into her slowly.

"No, not like that. Fuck me. Hard. Fast."

I put her legs over my shoulders and began to plunge deep into her. It was a perfect angle, letting my cock touch her clit on the downstrokes and letting me penetrate all the way into her until I bumped her cervix.

"Yes, just like that!"

I wasn't going to last long. My gorged cock was quickly filling with a big load. I began fucking her more and more frantically. She squeezed me hard as she came again. Her orgasms set me loose and I pounded her like an engine, exploring every little square millimeter of her cunt.

After nearly ten minutes of superhuman restraint, I finally came, gushing ten thick ropes of cum into her. I thrust frantically as it surged out, setting off her third orgasm. This time she cried out with pleasure. Cum leaked out of the snug connection, rolling down her ass and onto the sheets.

We lay there for a few minutes before she spoke.

"Oh yes," she said. "That's one hell of a wakeup call."

"I could probably get it up again soon," I said.

She smiled and kissed me. "We have to work. Save it for tonight."

"I don't know that I'll be able to hold out that long. You don't know what this is like. The minute I'm exposed to anything sexual, I have to cum."

"You're an accountant. There's nothing remotely arousing about numbers."

"You'd be surprised."

She considered. "If you have to relieve yourself, feel free. But save something for tonight. I have big plans for that big thing."

——————

Deja vu all over again. I came into work to find that Jessica had decided to wear a sundress that day. She looked amazing. The thin yellow fabric did little to conceal her succulent figure. I could easily see her lacy panties and bra through it. They looked suspiciously like the pair she'd worn the night of our encounter. It was cut low in front. I was hard as a brick by the time I'd crossed the waiting room.

By lunchtime, I was going crazy from the pressure in my pants. I decided to go to the bathroom and relive the pressure so I could at least try to concentrate on work. Going there necessitated walking past Jessica again. She stopped me to ask a question. While talking, she leaned over to get me to read something. Once again, I got that amazing view down her dress. The dress clung tightly to her tits but I could still see her bra peeking out. It *was* the same one she'd worn the night we'd fucked. Her tits looked they were going to burst it apart. I noticed her gaze drift down to my bulging pants and she blushed a little. Finally, I managed to get free and into the bathroom.

I checked that the bathroom was clear, got into a stall and released my aching cock. I didn't want to waste time but started stroking it right away. I was on my knees, aiming it at the toilet. After a minute, I heard the door open. I quickly hopped on the commode, pretending I was using it and waited. I heard someone walk toward the stalls, hesitate, then walk back to the door. I heard a click and then the footsteps approached again, stopping right in front of my stall. I looked down and was surprised to see a woman's feet in high heels.

"Tom, open up." It was Jessica.

I awkwardly stuffed my cock in my pants and opened the door. She was in my arms in a second.

"Feel like a quickie?"

"Jessica, we agreed-" 

She reached down and grabbed my cock through my pants. "I know. But I need it today. I've been so horny the last few days and Joe won't touch me. I need a cock in me; I need your cock in me."

"Jessica, we can't." But even as I said this, my hands were caressing her through the sundress, paying particular attention to her massive tits.

"Just this once. Just today. I'm so horny! And you fill me up so well!"

I knew it was a mistake but I couldn't help myself. The feel of her bra, filled near to bursting by those lovely breasts, was rapidly draining the blood from my brain. I pushed her out of the stall, kissing and fondling her, until we were up against the wall. She parted her legs and I ground my cock into her crotch. She moaned into my mouth and melted into me, her inhibitions quickly vanishing.

"Let me see your tits," I whispered. "I have to see them again. They're so beautiful."

She smiled and pulled aside the shoulder straps of her dress, exposing the tight bra and deep cleavage. She quickly undid the four hooks and the bra popped free. If possible, she seemed even bigger than I remembered. I grasped them and she gasped.

"Gently this time. They're a bit sensitive."

It was difficult to restrain my enthusiasm but I slowed down, kissing, nuzzling and caressing them. She leaned against the wall, basking in the attention, a strange smile on her face. She finally pushed me away.

"I want to try something," she said.

She pulled me over to the lounge area of the bathroom where there was a bench and laid down. She licked her hand and rubbed the saliva into her cleavage. Then she squeezed her big tits together and looked down at them significantly. I knew what she wanted but had never done it before, despite my wife's considerable décolletage. I straddled her chest and placed my big prick between her breasts. She pushed them together, enclosing my cock in a valley. The head was just below her mouth.

"Your cock and my boobs were made for each other," she said. "We have to do this at least once."

I started stroking. To be honest, it was a little awkward but we quickly settled into a rhythm. She held her boobs tight together and stroked the nipples while I slid slowly through her cleavage. Each time my head got to the top, she sucked on it. It felt nice, but it looked amazing. With the support of her hands, her tits looked like coconuts, almost separate from the rest of her body. I felt like a voyeur watching someone else slide a huge prick between those mounds. She started really getting into it, squeezing her breasts together when I stroked upward, pinching the nipples. After a few minutes, to my utter astonishment, she crossed her legs and moaned deeply.

"Did you cum?" I asked.

She nodded. "Just a little bit. I've never done that before. But you turn me on so much."

I said, "I'm not far behind. Do you want me to cum on them?"

She bit her lip. I could tell she wanted me to -- wanted to see those big mammaries covered in my cum. But she slowly shook her head. "I still have to work. I can't walk around all day with cum on my tits -- especially with you being such a fountain." 

I got off her and she stood up and kissed me, letting me fondle her breasts for a little while. Then with a mischievous smile, she walked over to the sinks and bent over the counter. I strode up behind her and raised her dress to the waist, then lowered her panties to her ankles, all the while massaging her round ass. I placed my cock at her wet entrance and parted her lips slightly.

"Quickly. Before people get back from lunch."

I pushed past her lips and she moaned as they stretched to encompass my girth. She was incredibly wet and my cock slid smoothly into her. Her vaginal walls stretched as I drove in, welcoming me into the depths of her pussy until I was balls-deep. I waited for a second to let her get used to my size again while my hands kneaded her full hips.

"That's perfect," she gasped. "Fuck me. Fill my pussy with your cum. I want to feel it drip out all afternoon."

I started stroking deeply, grazing her cervix on each downstroke, bumping her clit with my balls. I had a perfect view of her pussy lips, stretched wide as I stuffed my fat cock into her.

"God that's good," she said. "I'm going to cum soon. You're making me cum so fast!"

I sped up my strokes, now impatient to flood her pussy with my load. I looked into the mirror. Her pretty face was contorted with her building orgasm, her tits were pressed against the cool surface of the sink counter, their bulk spilling out to the side. Her round ass was up in the air and rippled with each impact as I plowed deeply into her. The duality of participant and voyeur pushed me over the edge. I started fucking her as fast as I could, my hips a blur as I slammed my big cock into her. She reached behind her and grabbed her hips, holding on for dear life, intertwining her fingers with mine. Her moans turned into short gasps of passion.

"Oh Tom! I missed this. Fuck that pussy. Make it cum. Make it cum!"

Her pussy began to spasm, squeezing me hard, getting wetter and hotter. At the same time, my balls emptied and my cock swelled. I went through an ecstatic moment as I crammed my spasming cock as deep as I could and let go with eight or nine big spurts. Her vagina grew slick with my cum and I heard two or three heavy drops hit the tiled floor. I fell forward on to her and we lay there, letting our orgasms subside.

"You cum so much!" she said. "You feel like a garden hose inside me."

"What can I say? You turn me on that much."

"I needed that," said Jessica, after a minute. "I feel so neglected sometimes. Do you know what it's like to have a strong sex drive and a husband who only wants it once a week?"

"Not really."

"I just need someone to treat me like a sex object. And it was driving me crazy knowing your cock was just down the hall. Some days it was all I could do not to run into your office and take it!"

"I've felt the same way. And I don't know a man alive who doesn't wish we has in my place right now."

She smiled and squeezed my subsiding cock.

"This has to be the last time, though," I gasped. "We both know that."

"I know. It'll be hard though. I get so horny when I'm pregnant."

It took a moment for those words to settle in.

"What?"

She smiled and nodded. "Don't worry. It's not yours. Joe and I have been trying to get pregnant for a while."

"When's your due date?"

She told me and I ran the numbers backward in my head.

"Um, Jessica, you got pregnant right about when we had sex."

She shook her head. "I ovulated a couple of days before then. Trust me. A woman knows her body."

I wasn't going to argue. But I wondered silently if Joe could compete with the tidal wave of cum I'd unleashed into her. I pulled out and a thin rivulet of semen ran down her leg.

"Clean me up?" she asked. I got some paper towels and wiped off her legs and pussy until she wasn't leaking any more. The cleaning got her giggling.

"Keep that up and I'll get going again."

We dressed and kissed. Then she unlocked the door and left. I waited a few minutes so it wouldn't look suspicious. My head was spinning. I only hoped I could make it to evening.

----------------------------- 

The afternoon dragged on. I tried to work but my mind was not on numbers at all -- except for maybe contemplating the steep slopes and curved topology of Jessica's cantilevered figure. She did not help with this, popping in several times with questions or papers to sign. At least, that was the excuse. I think it was more to tease me glimpses down the scooped front of her sundress and prolonged stares at her curvy ass. Every time I made out the shape of her panties through the dress, I couldn't help by think about my cum oozing into them. But nothing else happened. She left at 4:30. At 5:00, I hopped into my car and drove home like a maniac.

Sarah's car was in when I got there. I was so eager to get out of my car, I almost strangled myself to death when I tried to jump out with my seatbelt still on. I stumbled to the back door, tried about seventeen keys on my six-key ring before I finally got it open. I took off my pants the second I got in the door and my cock swelled in relief from the lack of pressure. But it needed to cum. And it needed to cum inside Sarah. I hurried through the house looking for Sarah frantically but she couldn't find her. My cock was about to explode by the time I finally located her in the laundry room.

Just the sight of her almost made me cum. She had her back to me and was loading up the washer. She still had the black shirt on but had removed the pants. Every now and then, she would bend down to the laundry basket and the shirt would ride up, exposing her curvaceous ass, clad in tight sheer silver panties.

I crept up and put my arms around her, grabbing her big breasts at the same time I rubbed my swollen prick against her bottom. She jumped a bit then giggled then moaned as I forced my dick lower until it was rubbing against her ass.

"Is that for me?" she asked.

"It's always for you," I replied.

I put my arms around her and removed her shirt, leaving her standing in bra and panties. I took off my underwear and slid my erection between her legs, sliding it over her panty-clad pussy until it stuck out between her thighs. She reached down and rubbed the head while I closed my hands over her breasts and squeezed them. We stood like that for many minutes. I kept sliding my big cock over the slick material of her underwear, going slowly as my swollen head rubbed against her lips and clit, eliciting little spasms. Each time my head poked out, she massaged it. I kept manhandling her breasts, now kneading them slowly, now pushing them together, now pinching the nipples, now just rubbing them lightly through the flimsy spandex. Fairly soon, I could fell her wetness through the panties. She started moaning in pleasure, squirming to get away from my attentions, wanting to get to the more intense parts of our love-making. But I held her still. I'd had two quickies already. Despite the urgency in my balls, I wanted to take my time.
