 Tuesday 

I was woken from my dreamless sleep by the ringing of the phone. I rolled over to get it. The bed felt very empty without Sarah . . . or without little Maggie.

It took me a few seconds to clear my head and answer the phone. It was Sarah. Her flight plans had changed. She was on her way to the airport and would get in at around 10:30 am. After relaying this info, she said:

"So what were your plans for today?"

"The usual - work."

There was a pause. "Why don't you call in sick this morning?"

"Huh?"

"I want you to pick me up."

"I was going to pick you up, anyway. But I don't need to call in sick. It'll just take an hour."

She laughed then lowered her voice. "No, you need to call in sick. I want you to . . . pick . . . me . . . up."

"Uh-"

"And then maybe put me down. Repeatedly. Maybe on top of something."

"Oh," I said, finally catching on. My cock jumped in my boxers as it finally woke up.

"You know," Sarah continued. "Put me down on top of something very big?"

"OK, I think I might be able to work that into my schedule."

We said our goodbyes and hung up. I glanced at my watch. It was 8 am. I called into the office. I had hoped to get Jessica but our office manager answered the phone. I told her I was ill but would be in that afternoon. By the time I hung up, my cock was at full mast and my balls were tingling again. It had been over twelve hours since they'd blasted a load into Jessica and they were letting me know that that was far too long. I did the math in my head: If Sarah got in on time, we'd get her luggage around 11, maybe get home at noon. That left a full four hours - 240 long minutes - before I could relief. I groaned. By then, my balls would be so tender, I'd be lucky if I could walk.

It was hard not to masturbate as I showered. My mind, now fully awake, was quickly filling with fantasies and memories - Jessica grabbing her jiggling tits as she rocked back and forth on my desk; Maggie's tight ass squeezing as my big cock drove into her; Karen's pussy overflowing with our combined juices. By the time I finished, I was getting antsy. My cock was swollen and pulsating, my balls ready to unleash the load they had replenished while I slept.

It was the longest morning of my life. With no work, I had nothing to do. I tried to read a book but would get about a sentence into an article before I'd think about Jessica's bulging bra. I had my morning coffee over memories of pounding Maggie's wet body in the shower. I watched some morning talk shows while thinking about how hard Karen had pulled at the scarves when she came. Even dressing was trauma. Stuffing my cock into my boxers made me think about Jessica's underwear stained with my cum - how she might have spent the whole evening with my load rubbing against her big soft nipples and the swollen lips of her cunt. I thought about the way Jessica's tits jiggled when she walked and how each jiggle rubbed my cum even more thoroughly into her flesh. That got my cock jerking up and down. I was seconds away from cumming. But it stepped away from the precipice just long enough for me to stuff it into my pants.

Finally, 10:00 am rolled around and I got into my car. I had to adjust the seatbelt strap off my bulging sensitive prick. I drove in and parked. My situation was even worse in public. Every woman I saw was turning me on. The ticket girl at the parking lot was pretty redhead about Maggie's age, with a lowcut shirt that displayed her young medium-sized tits. As I walked in the front door of baggage claim, two stewardesses left - tall, slim with every curve of their bodies accented by their uniforms, the lace of their bras visible through their white shirts. While I scanned the board to see if Sarah's flight had arrived, a middle-aged woman stepped in front me. Her perfume filled my nostrils and I looked down and ogled her curvaceous bottom. I was getting scared that I would cum right in my pants.

Just as I got to security, Sarah appeared. She looked even better than I remembered - like she'd walked out of a catalogue. She was dressed in my favorite outfit, a short dark pleated skirt that just seemed to hover around her womanly legs and clung to the steep curve of her hips and waist, a matching business jacket that was supposed to conceal, but really emphasized her high firm bustline (emphasized even more by the push-up bra she liked the wear under it). The jacket was unbuttoned, its flaps thrust aside by her breasts, which filled her pink blouse. Her blond hair was up, displaying her beautiful smooth face and emphasizing her big green eyes. I fell for her all over again as he saw me, smiled broadly and hurried over, burdened by her rolling carry-on, walking awkwardly on her high heels. As amazing as the last few days had been, this was the woman I was supposed to be with.

She threw her arms around me.

"I missed you so much!"

It had been months since she'd greeted me so warmly. We kissed quickly and I put my hands on her waist and just looked at her, savoring her, smelling her familiar enticing feminine scent. She blushed a little and looked down at her outfit.

"It's your favorite, right?"

"Yes. By far. It's too bad."

Her grin faded and her face opened up in full sad little girl mode. "Why?"

"You're not going to be wearing it for long. And it might get damaged when I rip it off you."

She grinned again and gave me another light kiss. I took her bag and led her out, relieved that she hadn't checked anything. Another half hour of waiting would have killed me.

In the parking lot, she spotted our car and hurried ahead. I followed, watching her full ass sway back and forth. She looked over her shoulder, caught me looking, grinned that little girl grin again and slowed down, swinging her hips even more. My cock reasserted its primacy in my mind as it lurched. It was like it wanted to burst of my pants and chase her down.

Her baggage stowed, we got in the car and started kissing for real. I couldn't remember the last makeout session we'd had that was so good. My hands roved over her body, grasping her big firm tits, running over the smooth material of the skirt encasing her full ass. Her hand eventually found its way to my cock and it surged, ready to blast away. I broke the kiss and moved her hand away.

"I'm so turned on you'll make me blow if you keep going," I said.

She sat down in the passenger seat with a sigh. We hit the road. Thankfully, the interstate was clear. I couldn't make much conversation, my cock was demanding so much of my attention. It didn't occur to me until later that Sarah was equally quiet.

She fidgeted in her seat and took her jacket off. I almost drove off the road, watching her arch forward as she removed it, her C-cup tits threatening to rupture the material. She then stretched and breathed deeply. Between that and the push-up bra, she looked as big as Jessica had the day before - only firmer.

She sat back in the seat and raised one leg, letting the skirt slide down her silky thigh until it stopped just shy of displaying her panties.

I reached down to maneuver my cramped cock into a more comfortable position. She looked at me and smiled. She leaned over to see my very obvious bulge. She licked her lips and looked back up at me.

"Need some help there?"

"I'm all right," I moaned.

She leaned back into her seat, then propped her right leg on the dashboard, exposing her leg all the way from the tender ankle to the pinkness of her underwear. My cock started throbbing again. Sarah had never done anything like this before. If I so much as touched her breast while we were driving, she'd pull away, worried about people seeing us.

She bent over and ran her hands up her smooth legs until she reached her pantied cunt. She started rubbing it through the panties, watching me all the time, licking her full lips. Then her hands moved to her big hips, slid upward to her narrow waist, met at her belly and crept upward until they enclosed her breasts. Her thumbs rubbed her nipples, now clearly visible through the material of her bra and shirt.

"Sarah, I'm already on the verge of cumming. You don't have to turn me on anymore."

"I know," she said. She glanced around to make sure no one was near us, then slowly unbuttoned her bursting shirt. She pulled it open. She was wearing a pink pushup bra that made her tits look amazing - two perfect orbs with a deep rich groove between them. She sucked her right index finger into her mouth like a little cock, then rubbed the saliva-coated digit into her cleavage. Finally, she raised both legs, reached down again and pulled her panties off. She slid them gracefully down her smooth legs and then placed them in my right hand. I don't know what was driving me more crazy - the damp patch of silk in my hand or the thought of her steaming pussy exposed beneath the swirling folds of her skirt.

I was driving on instinct now. I had no idea if we'd been driving for ten minutes or two hours. I could have passed my exit and not noticed. Part of my mind was on this task, keeping us from getting killed. But the other 90% was focused on Sarah. I was seconds away from letting go of the wheel and attacking her like a wild animal.

She leaned over toward me and bent into my lap. At first, I thought this was just to give me the incredible view down her bra. Her breasts looked stunning from this angle, full fleshy mounds covered in thin spandex. I could actually just make out one nipple. It was so hard, it was actually raising the spandex off her tit just enough so that I could see it. I enjoyed this view for what felt like a day before I realized what she was doing. She was licking my cock through my pants.

"Sarah, no."

This only seemed to provoke her. She started undoing my pants. It wasn't easy as the material was strained by my massive erection. But eventually she got the zipper down. I sighed in relief as my big cock popped out.

"Wow," she breathed into my lap. "I've never seen you this hard."

She put her mouth over it and breathed warm air down the shaft. I felt it bob and pulse.

"I'm going to cum!" I shouted.

She quickly grabbed it with one hand and squeezed hard. At the same time, she put her head down as far she could get, getting five inches into her hot mouth. I moaned, then howled as I felt my balls jumping, trying to send out their load. But I didn't cum. She held me like that for a while as I felt my orgasm subside, despite the relentless pressure of her mouth on the tip.

She released me and started really going at it. One hand stroked me while the other massaged my nuts, now very heavy with the load they'd been forced to hold on to. She licked the head furiously, grazed her teeth on the urethra, then closed her mouth over the top and sucked hard.

She'd never been this wild. Ever. And she'd never been this good. Only once had she been anywhere close: on our honeymoon. During dinner on the cruise ship, she'd ducked under the table and blown me to not one but two rapid orgasms. This topped it. My delayed orgasm just stayed there. I felt like I was continuously two minutes away from cumming. She started to get a little sloppier, letting me hear her slurps and kisses.

Somehow, my conscious mind picked up our exit.

"Honey, I need to drive again."

She sat up, not closing the disheveled shirt over her heavy breasts. I steered off and drove rapidly down the streets of our neighborhood. All the time, she kept her left hand on me, stroking me rapidly - a process that would normally have gotten me saturating the steering wheel with my load, but now just kept me in that frenzied state - knowing the orgasm was out there but not being able to find it.

I turned into our driveway and drove around to the back of the house. I was frantic to get inside but Sarah grabbed my arm as I reached for the door. Without a word, she reached around and tilted my seat back. My cock laid down on my belly, hard as steel.

She crawled on top of me. The pleated skirt was billowed out over her big hips and I could the wet warmth of her cunt against the underside of my prick. She rubbed up and down my big prick, letting her hard little clit run from my head all the way down to the top of my balls. 

I looked down to see that my cock was slick with her juice. She kept it up, gliding smoothly up and down my cock like a train car on a greased track. I was desperate to be buried in her. My cock was aching, waiting to be enclosed by her flesh, needing to be.

She raised her hips, bringing my head right to the entrance, then sat back down with me underneath her again. She resumed her back-and-forth motion. I was frantic. Finally, she raised up and my head lodged into the cleft of her lips. She stayed like that for several seconds. My cock throbbed with my pulse, each beat driving it just a little bit into her tender cunt. She raised herself just a bit more and then lowered. I felt like I'd jumped into a swimming pool on a hot day. A sigh that I'd been holding in for twenty minutes came out of me.

"Oh, God, that's so good," I said.

My cock slid all the way up in one smooth glorious stroke. The bumps and ridges of her cunt matched up perfectly with the veins of my cock and my head stopped right in the opening of her cervix. We were like a matched lock and key. When she bottomed out, she moaned and grabbed her breasts, then pulled the cups of her bra down. Her tits popped out, held up to impossible levels by the bra. I began kissing and nuzzling them.

She rocked back and forth on me, rubbing her clit. Then she squeezed me tight, her cunt getting even wetter as she came silently. She held her breath for almost a full minute as her cunt continued to spasm on me. She let out her breath with a gasp.

"God, I've needed that for four days."

"Huh?"

"The whole time I was in Dallas, I needed you in me. You think you were on the brink of orgasm on the road? I've been like that since Sunday morning."

I sighed. I should have been grabbing her hips and ramming her violently down on my prick. But this stillness as her warm cunt gripped me felt just like we were fucking. I could feel my tender swollen balls against the material of the car seat, waiting to find relief. But I was content to lie there, with the only motion the occasional squeeze of her pussy, answered my the throb of my cock. 

"I can't imagine what it's been like for you," she said.

"Huh?" It was my best expression.

Her eyes opened and she looked down at me. She smiled and started to rock back and forth again, letting my cock in and out of her a few inches at a time.

"You know those pills?"

"Yeah."

"Well, I called Rachel when they got here. I don't trust herbal remedies and I wanted to know what was in them. She told me something about how it cleared up channels of sexual energy in your body. I didn't believe her but asked if they would work on a woman and she told me she'd taken them when she was trying to get pregnant with no problems.

"So I snuck one out before you got home. She'd told me women needed a much smaller dose since they aren't as sexually repressed as men. So I cut it into four pieces, one for each night, took the first when I got to Dallas."

Her strokes started getting a little longer and I put my hands on her hips and stated squeezing the fleshy curves. She had always loved that and this was time as no different. She closed her eyes and her strokes got longer. She kept talking with her eyes closed. As her story went on, the strokes got longer and more frantic.

"I didn't feel much Saturday - just a little tingle in my clit when I went to bed. But Sunday I woke up very wet. The whole day, just about anything would get me wet. A cute guy. A little sex on TV. A prominent bulge in someone's pants. By that night, I was so turned on I had to masturbate myself to sleep."

Sarah almost never masturbated. The thought of her doing so sent my excitement up another notch. I squeezed her hips even harder and started bucking my hips, driving my cock harder into her cunt. She stopped and I cried out in agony. She started again, brought me close to cumming, then stopped. She kept this up for five minutes. I was totally in her power, begging her to let me fill her with my sizzling load. But she wouldn't let me. Finally, she squeezed hard on me again, driving me right to the edge, then stopped as her climax faded. My balls screamed in protest but there was nothing I could do. She had me pinned into the seat. Then she started slowly riding me again.

"Oh Tom, that feels good! I'm so sensitive right after I cum! Where was I? I woke up on Monday so horny! I masturbated right when I woke up. I spent the whole day turned on. I had to skip lunch to go home and masturbate again. Oh yes! You're hitting all my special spots!"

She started tossing her head, her hair coming out of the arrangement. Suddenly, she stopped again.

"Do you promise not to get made at me?"

"Not unless you keep teasing me like this!" I gasped.

She started the slow rocking again. "I went out with some of the girls last night. You know how wild they are. They took me to a strip club."

Normally, this would have bothered me. For some reason, it only turned me on more. She gasped as she felt my cock throb against her tender clit.

"Oh yes! Just like that! I was so hot all night. These men were dancing. And it was full stripping, not just to underwear. Seeing those huge cocks got me so wet. And when the girls talked about how they'd never had anything that big, I got even wetter, thinking about how I was going to get something that size when I got home. I could have screamed I wanted to be back so bad.

"These guys were really bold and they kept taking girls up on the stage, dancing with them, rubbing those big cocks on them. And before I knew it, they had me up there. The guy was almost your size and I could feel my panties getting soaked as I watched him. Then he rubbed that big cock on my butt and grabbed my tits. Between the drinks and the pills and the excitement and the way his cock felt so much like yours, I came right there!"

She stopped again and looked at me like a lost little girl. "I'm sorry, honey. I feel bad."

I would like to say that it was my commitment to not being a hypocrite that kept me from being angry. After all, I'd spent the last three days fucking every skirt I could get my hands up. But that wasn't it. The thought of my beautiful wife on stage in front of all those people, getting her big tits felt, having a huge cock rubbed against her and creaming her tight little panties got me harder than ever. I pulled her close to me and kissed her face.

"To be honest, it turns me on."

She kissed me and smiled. I suspected and still suspect there was a bit more to that story that she wasn't telling me.

"Anyway, I could barely sleep this morning. And I had to go masturbate in the airplane bathroom on the way here. If that's one just one pill did to me, I can't imagine what you've been going through with four pills!"

That did it. I couldn't lie to her. I started to speak but her finger touched my lips.

"I don't want to hear. Whatever you did - whether it was nothing or whether you fucked a whole squad of cheerleaders, I don't want to hear. All I know is you're here, you're hard as a fucking brick and you're going to knock me up this second."

She sat back up, the sunlight catching her hair and turning it golden.

She resumed her stroking. I returned my hands to the tactile fullness of her hips and kneaded them again, loving the way the supple flesh moved beneath my hands. She starting stroking faster and deeper. She quickly came again, squeezing her breasts, her mouth open in a silent scream of pleasure. Her treatment now had me to the point where I felt like I would never cum again for the rest of my life. Her stamina did not waver. She just kept riding me, sometimes fast and frantic, sometimes slow and deep.
