 Continuing the tale of Hugo, Tina and Emma. I would suggest that if you have not already done so you read the initial story first as this continues from where that left off.

*****

As soon as Hugo stepped through the door Emma threw herself at him, wrapping her arms round his neck and kissing his face and neck in a cascade of slobbering, needy wet kisses, her body pressed against him and her hips ground fiercely against his crotch.

"Oh Hugo you've come home to me, I was hoping you would, I had all sorts of thoughts, wondering if you were with another woman." She babbled incessantly and then she suddenly stopped and began to apologise.

"I'm sorry Hugo, I didn't mean that you shouldn't, we aren't really together are we? I mean you can do as you like but I need you in my life, in my bed, inside me, please Hugo take me to bed and fuck me."

Emma sank to her knees clawing at his bulging pants with tears misting her eyes.

Hugo grinned to himself, this was going better than he dared to hope. He had the goods on a horny teenage daughter and her mother was on her knees begging him to fuck her, life couldn't get any better. 

Acting the concerned lover he pulled Emma to her feet and asked in his soft voice,

"Where did you say your bedroom was my dear?"

Emma gasped her thanks and relief, she took Hugo's hand and led him up the stairs to her room. Once inside she sank to her knees again and took out his thick erect cock and mewled around the thick heavy meat, smothering it in saliva before taking it eagerly into her hot pink mouth. Her head bobbed and weaved as she devoured him, opening her throat to take every inch of him as she lovingly caressed his aching balls.

Hugo wrapped her hair in his fingers and rocked her back and forth on his cock as Emma tasted him with her tongue and then her throat as Hugo had taught her, sometimes losing control and coughing and spluttering as he roundly fucked her face.

When Hugo splattered his cum over Emma's face she looked adoringly up at him and proceeded to clean her face with her fingers alternately sucking on her own fingers and feeding them to Hugo as he lay facing her with her pendulous tits pressed up against him.

"I love you Hugo." she said suddenly without any warning, "Do you think we should tell Tina?"

Hugo was completely unprepared for this turn of events and stumbled over his reply.

"Are you sure about this honey? I mean we barely know each other apart from in the bedroom, how is Tina going to take it? I don't seem to have the same effect on her as I do on you."

Emma giggled and said "Ok so we have only fucked here and once in the kitchen, if you want to get to know me better outside the bedroom why don't you carry me downstairs and have me on the dining table?" Her eyes twinkling at the thought of Hugo banging her on the dining table.

"Emma you are a naughty dirty woman and you know that is not what I meant at all, however it does have a certain appeal."

Sweeping Emma up in his arms and carrying her naked down the stairs kicking her legs and giggling uncontrollably, Hugo deposited her face down on the dining room table and spread her legs wide. He held her down with one hand on the middle of her back and ravaged her pussy, clit and ass with the other as Emma gave out giggling screams of pleasure. 

"please Hugo, please, fuck me now, I want to be yours, you can have me wherever, whenever you like but fuck me hard,now!" 

Emma bucked and squirmed under him alternately screaming and giggling, Hugo took her to the very edge of orgasm and then stood back to admire the wet gushing pile of womanhood sprawled on the table in front of him.

"You know Emma if we do this I'll think of this every time we sit down to eat, I swear I'll taste nothing but your pussy."

Emma giggled again and looked over her shoulder at Hugo and waggled her smooth round ass at him.

"I don't care darling, just don't leave me like this, do it, please!"

Hugo smiled wickedly, then relenting he stepped between Emma's wide sprawled legs and cracked his palm down on the tenderest part of her ass, making Emma yelp loudly, he then slapped her again so she yelped a second time.

The pain from Hugo's slaps was unexpected and hurt, really hurt, but it was so intense it devoured her and she inwardly craved more. Hugo had promised that he would never hurt her so this had to be his way of showing his love for her so she lifted her smooth fleshy cheeks up to him in acceptance.

Hugo held his thick, stiff rod in one hand and took aim at Emma's tiny brown rosebud and drove it into her, three or four inches and held it there for her to adjust then thrust his hips forward to claim her ass as his, grunting as he took her. Emma slid across the table her tits flattened on the polished table, her nipples burned with the friction and she grasped the edge of the table with both hands, her knuckles white and her teeth biting her lip, hurting with the amount of Hugo's meat inside her bowels but she felt such pleasure that Hugo loved her enough to hurt her in this way. She knew that it was a paradox to be hurt with love but this seemed to feel so right, she was his to be used, she had said that herself only a few minutes ago.

Hugo's spunk arced in the air and landed with a splat in the middle of Emma's arched back, then it started again like white oil from an oilfield, arcing and shimmering in the half light from the lamp in the corner, when it finally subsided Hugo slipped his semi erect cock into Emma's dripping hole. Emma lay still on the table gasping for breath after being pounded so thoroughly. Her heart beating so fast and she couldn't help the blush covering her whole naked body.

"Where's your sister?" Hugo asked suddenly.

"I. I don't have a sister." Emma replied, bemused by the question.

"You must have, she's a twin, I met her yesterday, a quiet decent woman, a real lady she was, now I've got a horny, wanton, oversexed slut who can't get enough cock that'd satisfy a harem."

Hugo's eyes twinkled as he teased Emma but it was still some moments before she realised that he was talking about her, the difference between yesterday and today.

Determined to get in a riposte she replied with a smile,

"Oh yes and we both know which you prefer."

Hugo put his head back and roared with laughter,

"TOUCHE, but which would YOU prefer to be?"

Emma blushed furiously but replied

"Well I'm here aren't I?"

Again Hugo exploded into laughter,

"Indeed you are, let's hope that your sister isn't in your bed tonight, whatever would I do?"

Picking her up and cradling Emma in his arms he carried her back up the stairs and into her bedroom as Emma clung to him her arms round his neck. As they lay together in an embrace Emma was still worried about Tina finding out and voiced her fears to him. 

"I wouldn't worry about Tina I think she's got plenty to occupy her for now."

TINA

After Hugo left, Tina lay on the big bed idly fingering her hot wet pussy that Hugo had recently filled, occasionally she found a spot of his cum that had hidden in the depths of her cunt and she licked her fingers silently thinking to herself 

"How could a man that she hated so intensely make her feel this way and taste so good, he hadn't forced her to fuck him, dammit, he had practically talked her into begging him to fuck her."

She had made three thousand dollars tonight, more than she had ever dreamed about and Hugo had said that she could earn that every night.

Tina's thoughts turned to how she would spend her windfall, some new clothes for sure, she could afford to take a cab home instead of running the gauntlet of the streets, but she wanted people to know that she wasn't a poor hard up girl struggling to make ends meet but a woman of substance so she dressed and reapplied her makeup before making her way down to the bar and as she looked every inch a woman of at least twenty two, she daringly ordered a cocktail from the list on the bar giggling to herself as she ordered 'Between The Sheets.' Thinking to herself, 

"If only the others in the bar knew."

As she sat on the high stool listening to the buzz of conversation going on around her she felt the need to announce herself in some way, to become the centre of attention. The exhibitionist side of her nature took over and she turned to face the room and it's occupants, her eyes sweeping over the rich and famous clientele, spotting several people that she recognised. Discreetly she crossed one knee over the other showing an expanse of milky white thigh above her stocking tops and suspenders.

With some delight she saw several of the men look in her direction and then move their seats to face her so they could watch her without making it obvious they were hoping for more than a view of her shapely legs and stocking tops. Fixing her gaze on one particularly rich looking guy she leaned back on the bar on her elbows and pushed out her boobs, wishing that she could show a little more cleavage. As a form of compensation she took a leaf out of Sharon Stone's book and recrossed her legs but taking about five times longer than Sharon did in 'Basic Instinct'. 

As she recrossed her legs Tina realised with a shock that she was wet, very wet. It had all been such a turn on for her. The man she had fixed her eyes on smiled broadly and moved his hand to his groin apparently to adjust himself then he sauntered over to Tina and asked,

"May I buy you a drink or do you want to go somewhere more private?"

Tina didn't understand why she was so surprised by his assumption that she would go anywhere with him, after all she had made the invitation but he was so certain that she would.

"I think you can buy me a drink first while we discuss terms, I'll have a, erm, Harvey Wallbanger please." Picking a cocktail at random.

He grinned broadly and said.

"So you like a good Wallbanger do you? How many do you reckon on having in a night?"

Tina was quick enough to realise that he wasn't referring to a cocktail but something much more personal and decided that she might as well play the game.

Oh, probably four or five, but they're not all called Harvey."

She replied with a pouting smile and placing her hand provocatively high up on his thigh as he took the stool next to her. He laughed and grinned at her, 

"You're quite the little minx aren't you? I like a girl with a sense of humour, now to business, how much for an hour of your time?"

At least he knew that she wasn't giving out freebies and he looked as though he could afford a decent wad so she said,

"An hour you said, that's not long enough to go through my repertoire but two hours will cost you two and a half grand including the Wallbangers."

She added the remark about the Wallbangers with a mischievous twinkle in her eye.

"DONE, you have a room here?" 

There was no argument, no haggling.

Tina's heart leaped, this was to be her very first John who was going to pay her an absolute fortune for two hours of fucking. The juices began trickling down her thighs in excited anticipation.

"Room 559." She whispered huskily, "See you in ten minutes."

Then Tina almost ran to the powder room and wiped between her legs in a vain attempt to stem the steady flow of juice from her pussy. Eventually she calmed herself and went back through the cocktail lounge to the elevator and rode to the fifth floor. Her John was already there waiting for her and his face broke into a beaming smile when he saw her. He couldn't wait to push her up against the wall in the corridor her dress pushed up around her waist and her tits laid bare, his hot mouth suckled on her right engorged nipple, he lifted one of her legs onto his hip and pulled her tiny panties to one side.

"This Wallbanger had better be on the house." 

He murmured quietly. Again Tina's sense of humour came to the fore as she giggled back,

"Of course it is, so long as you promise me your name isn't Harvey, by the way I'm Ti, erm, Tania."

He chuckled throatily at Tina's reply, 

"Definitely not Harvey, It's Douglas and you're wet, Tania. Hot and fucking wet." 

To prove his point he dragged his fingers slowly along her slit then fed his wet fingers to her scarlet lips, Tina almost fainted with shock as no one had ever taken the time to bother about her except maybe Hugo but he didn't count anyway. The assault on Tina's aroused pussy didn't last long and Tina was as limp as a wet rag when he finally pulled his fingers from her wet snatch and replaced them with a firm, thick length of meat that impaled her like a lollipop then moved in and out, in and out, varying the pace so Tina clung to his broad shoulders to keep her balance although he had his hands clutching her firm, round butt. He finally released her, gasping for breath, doubtless saving himself for later.

"Wow! Douglas, that was really something, now I owe you."

She gasped breathlessly, adjusting her dress and slipping her wet panties off and dropping them into her clutch bag and fumbling for the key card to her room.

"Yes you do,big time."

He grinned at her with a big smile on his face. Tina slid the key card through the slot to open the door but the light remained on red, cursing under her breath she tried again but the door stubbornly remained locked. Douglas stood patiently behind her his hands running over her firm round ass and the soft silk of her dress.

"Here let me try."

He whispered huskily and took the card and tried for himself but stubbornly it remained on red. Tina began to panic as she was so damned horny and wanted Douglas inside her as quickly as possible.

"What are we gonna do? Can we go to your room?" 

She wailed plaintively.

"No that's out of the question Tania, looks like we need some help."

They took the elevator down to reception and told the receptionist Tina had seen earlier about their problem.

"I'll just check." 

She said with a knowing smirk and a few seconds later looked up from the computer and almost purred.

"I'm sorry Miss but your occupancy has been terminated."

"But why? It's all paid for, my friend, Mr. Dawson, paid for it for the night."

"Yes, subject to the Hotel's terms and conditions which you have contravened."

The receptionist smirked again loving every second of humiliating Tina.

"Why? What have I done wrong?" 

Tina wailed in desperation.

"I'm afraid I am not at liberty to tell you that Miss but you can discuss it with the night manager if you wish." 

The receptionist squeezed every delicious moment of humiliation she could from the situation.

"Yeah, get the jerk out here." 

Tina lost her temper and with it any chance of regaining the room.

"May I help you Miss?"

A suave immaculately man intervened.

"Mebbe, this jumped up little tart says I've broke some Hotel rule and it's cost me my room but she won't tell me what godddam rule I'm supposed to have broken."

"Well I am Liam Fox, head of security and I am afraid that she is perfectly correct, you and this 'Gentleman' were seen outside room 559 in a very compromising act and on checking further back we found you to be exhibiting yourself in the cocktail lounge, now we do allow certain things to go on, but discreetly, if you wish to have a sexual liaison you have to inform the management of the names of the people concerned so there can be no embarrassing mix ups, in other words you need to arrange an appointment, so there can be no whores, hookers or soliciting on Hotel premises, now I must insist that you leave immediately." 

Tina blushed as he first revealed that they had been seen outside her room and then she became angry that she had practically been called a hooker or a whore, she wasn't sure which was worse.

"I am not a hooker, I am a legitimate Escort, I was invited here by Mr. Hugo Dawson and I just wanted to make use of my room for the remainder of the night after he left."

"Ah yes, Mr. Dawson, he is a regular here and always uses room 559, he will have to be informed and the management will decide if he is to be allowed to continue."

The security chief's words sending a chill down Tina's spine.

"Okay, okay I'll leave but please can you not tell Mr. Dawson?"

Tina pleaded, batting tear stained eyelashes at Mr. Fox. 

"I'm sorry but it's out of my hands now, I would suggest that you make your apologies to Mr. Dawson in person as soon as possible."

Tina shuddered at the thought of telling Hugo what she had done. True he had never threatened her with violence but she guessed that he would not be too pleased with her. She imagined all sorts of things as she sat in the back of the cab on her her way home and finally decided to be as quiet as possible when she got home and face Hugo in the morning, he wouldn't be able to do much as her mother would still be home.

The house was in darkness except for a faint glow from her mother's window and Tina crept up the stairs and paused outside her mother's door and could just her the faint slap, slap, slap of flesh on flesh and the sound of her mother moaning,

"Oh fuck yes, Hugo please, aarrgh, yes, yes, oh god, yes!"

Tina clenched her thighs together as the wetness trickled down her legs, she bit her bottom lip and continued to her room.

Tina didn't sleep at all well and got up around four A.M. and decided to take a shower before anyone was awake. Slipping on a thin robe to cover her naked body she crept to the shower room at the end of the hall and dropping her robe she stood under the shower relishing the hot water coursing over her naked body. 

"What the fuck did you think you were doing last night at the Hotel?"

The words took her by surprise and the tone was harsh. Tina spun round to see Hugo lounging against the doorway in just his boxers and sporting a huge erection. Tina's tits followed her, swinging in an arc and bouncing on her body with a soft wet 'smack'. 

"I, I, I don't know, I didn't know it was against the rules."

Tina stammered, standing naked and too nervous to cover herself.

"If you had listened to me you would have known, I told you that no whores or hookers are allowed in The Plaza to tout for business, but then, once a whoring slut always a whoring slut, I imagine you just couldn't help yourself could you?"

Hugo sneered at her, each word cutting into her.

"I was horny and needed some company." 

Tina mumbled defensively.

"Huh! More like you thought you could make some more money, look, I told you that you could make at least three grand a night if you let me arrange your Johns, not only that it's safer, you have a bodyguard on hand in case you need help. Instead you go and put it all at risk. For that you gotta pay."

"Pay? Pay how? You gonna slap me around some?"

"Oh no, I'm not Jonny, something far more subtle than that. You don't like me 'cos I'm screwing your Mom do you?"

Tina shook her head, wondering where this was going.

"Good, so for the next week when I'm finished with your Momma I'm going to come to your room and you can suck me clean and taste your Mom's cunt juice then I'm gonna fuck you and go back to your Mom and let her suck your cunt juice off me thinking it's her's. Quite an irony there don't you think? Daughter drinking her Momma's juice then Momma drinking her daughter's cunt juice."

"NO, I couldn't do that, it's gross."

Tina declared.

"Yes you can and yes you will, starting now, I've just had your Mom so get on your knees and start sucking."

Hugo sneered and forced Tina to her knees and pushed his swollen cum covered cock head between Tina's lips. Tina wanted to protest and spluttered as Hugo began fucking her mouth but her body had a mind of its own and soon she was gratefully licking Hugo's member, hungry for the taste of cum on her tongue and sliding down her throat. Her hands held Hugo's muscular hairy thighs and she willingly took him deep into her throat not caring that the taste and musky scent came from her mother's cunt.
