 This is the fourth in the series, I'm afraid there has been a long gap between submissions, real life commitments having intervened. For those of you who haven't already done so I would recommend that you read the first three before reading this fourth but hopefully not last in the series. Please enjoy.

*****

Emma was so disappointed when Hugo called to say he wouldn't be back tonight as he had to work. It was worse because she had planned a special surprise for him, for too long he had made fun of her ultra conservative underwear, each time they had made love it was Hugo who had told her what to wear. Sure she loved the racy panties and thongs, the silk against her sex and the bras that lifted and moulded her forty year old breasts but she wanted to choose for herself, wear something that would excite Hugo, really excite him so he would take her hard again and again, so hard, so often that she would barely be able to walk next morning.

Ruefully she looked at the lingerie and dress that she had bought that day. Not having tried everything on at once she wondered how she would look, so she decided that she would dress up just for herself, she stripped naked and showered feeling how smooth her pussy felt after the very expensive Brazilian and manicure and at the girl's persuasive manner she had plumped for a pedicure as well. Emma carefully rolled the sheer silk thigh high stockings up her legs so they hugged her thighs and stroked the silkiness with her finger tips, next was the tiny thong, she snorted to herself it wasn't tiny, it was miniscule and hid next to nothing. She decided after several attempts that it was impossible to wear a bra with her dress, It was an electric blue satin gown with no back and two narrow strips from her waist that tied behind her neck and separated her voluptuous breasts, the skirt of the dress was full length in two lace and satin panels slashed to the hip, one at the front and one at the back. Emma finished her make-up and ruby red lip gloss, she slipped on her four inch heels and stood in front of the full length mirror, staring disbelievingly at the vision staring back at her, she looked easily ten years younger. As she turned sideways the skirt part of her dress swirled and gave a brief tantalising glimpse of practically naked ass and white creamy thigh from her stocking tops upwards. Emma giggled to herself, Hugo didn't know what an eyeful he would be missing out on. 

The meal was ready and Emma lit the two candles on the table that had been meant to provide a romantic setting for her and Hugo, now she would have to eat alone and dream of what might have been.

She was about to serve the meal to herself when the doorbell rang, not having time to cover herself she answered the door as she was.

"Hugo! What are you doing here I thought you were working?" she asked in surprise "And why didn't you use your key?"

Emma's skin tingled as his eyes swept over her and she knew he was mentally undressing her, she began to throb between her legs and her miniscule thong was already saturated.

"The work was actually nothing to do with me and I wasn't needed, as for the key I'm afraid I lost it, now are you going to let me in or shall I ravish you on the doorstep?"

She stepped aside to let him in as she was sure he wouldn't hesitate to carry out his threat to ravish her in public, Deep down she almost wished he would. As he brushed past her his hand slid into the slit in her skirt and between her legs feeling her throbbing and soaking pussy, she almost sagged as her legs turned to jelly.

"I'm starving, let's eat first."

Emma laid out two plates on either side of the table and sat down feeling Hugo's eyes on her the whole time. She tried to eat slowly so as not to give away her desire, her need to drag Hugo to bed and have him fuck her into next week. They were only halfway through the sumptuous steak and kidney pie when Hugo put down his utensils and said in a voice that made Emma tremble,

"Emma I do wish you would remove that ridiculous wet thong and give it to me for safe keeping."

Emma almost choked on her food. Hugo wanted her to take off her thong and give it to him in the middle of dinner?

"NOW EMMA."

His tone of voice was so commanding that she began to wriggle it over her hips.

"No Emma, not like that, don't be shy, come and stand beside me, I will assist you."

Emma stood on shaky legs and using the table for support she edged round to stand beside Hugo. Emma had to lift her skirt to reach her thong and her stockings and bare thighs were on display. She felt his hand on the back of her thigh, stroking it gently before moving to her bare ass . He helped her slide her sodden thong down to her ankles and she bent down to pick it up for him, she sighed blissfully as his finger slipped into her wet pussy. This is what she wanted.

"Give me your thong Emma." He demanded, she held it out dangling it teasingly from her forefinger .Wordlessly he took it and lifted his arm above his head, put his head back and squeezed the sodden thong until her juices dripped from it into his open mouth then he smiled,

"On your knees Emma, now it's your turn."

Without a moment's hesitation she was on her knees, her head back catching her juices from her own thong. Golly, this is so, so erotic and naughty she thought to herself. 

"Finish your meal Emma we can play afterwards, what would you like to do? Play Little Red Riding Hood and the Big Bad Wolf come to ravish you? No, that's no good, why don't you pretend to be an escort turning her first trick. Emma considered it and found the thought of fucking Hugo as though she had been bought and paid for so exciting and stimulating.

"Ok I'll go upstairs and wait for you."

Emma rushed up the stairs and into her bedroom, she had no idea how an escort would behave when meeting a John but she guessed that she should be lying on the bed alluring and available, that was certainly how she felt, available for Hugo, her lover who was going to sink his wonderful thick cock into her wet, needy hole and fuck her all ways into Christmas.

Emma arranged herself on the bed with one knee drawn up and the front panel of her dress pulled to one side so the first thing Hugo would see when he came in would be her bare, freshly waxed and extremely wet pussy.

She heard his measured tread coming up the stairs and pause outside her door, then she almost jumped out of her skin as he knocked and she heard his voice, 

"Can I come in Miss Emma?"

"O... O... Of course," she replied her voice trembling.

She watched the door handle turn so excruciatingly slowly, the door swung open and Hugo stood in the doorway, tall and handsome in tight black leather pants and a black fishnet vest, in his hand he held a black leather belt about an inch wide. His pants were tight around his crotch and moulded themselves to the shape of him. Her stomach clenched and she had to stop herself from moaning at the eroticism of it all, this was far better than she had imagined it would be and he hadn't even touched her yet.

He moved slowly and silently towards her and she held her breath as he loomed over her, CRACK! The pain on her mons made her gasp as he smiled at her and drew the thin belt through his hands and again her mons was throbbing. Hugo bent his head and his tongue traversed the length of her slit, his lips rested on her throbbing inflamed mound and he began to suck the flesh, gently soothing the pain away, Emma clutched at the sheets balling them into her fists and arching her back, thrusting her head back into the pillows.

His tongue found her clit and he teased it into a hard throbbing nub of pleasure that had her gasping and pulling his head harder against her sensitive groin. A drawn out moan of pleasure fell from her lips as he feasted on her and drank her juices from her eager aching hole. When he had drank his fill from her pussy he untied the ribbons behind her neck that held her breasts and used them to bind her wrists together then he pushed her legs up so he could tie her wrists to her ankles. She was now in the perfect position to take his cock in her pussy or her ass. Emma was in heaven, being controlled like this, she felt that she belonged to him, he could do whatever he wanted with her and she wouldn't complain although he hadn't yet let her touch his cock. 

Being in the position she was in she was like a ball and Hugo was able to roll her round and round on the bed and even spinning her like a top until she was dizzy. Hugo loomed over her and her nipples hardened further, aching for him to use them for his pleasure and ultimately her own.

"PLEASE HUGO,,,I,,,,, I,, WANT..."

"You want nothing, Emma, nothing more than what I give you, do you understand? Asking for what has not been offered can lead to disappointment, you don't want to be disappointed do you?"

Emma shook her head.

"Good, then just be patient and enjoy yourself."

He twirled her round and round on the bed a ball of semi naked erotic pleasure just waiting to be used. Eventually he slowed her so that her head was directly under his ball sac, like two satsumas in a bag. her head was pulled right back and he ordered Emma to open her mouth and then lowered his sac into her wide eager mouth.

"Suck my balls Emma, be a naughty dirty girl for me then when I think you're ready we can fuck, you DO want to fuck don't you?

Emma couldn't answer with her mouth full of hot testicles but she just managed to nod her head slightly and sucked in her breath and his heavy balls dropped further into her mouth as Hugo's fingertips grazed over her hard aching nipples, his hands grasped both of her voluptuous tits and rolled them in his hands like two mounds of dough, rolling and squeezing them together as she sucked on his balls. His fingers squeezed both nipples hard, really hard so she screamed, partly in pain and partly in the exquiste knowledge that he was preparing her for the fucking of a lifetime.

"OW! OH HUGO!" She gasped out breathlessly, feeling her pussy growing wetter as his hands roamed over her body, tiny bolts of electricity shooting from the point of contact to each burning aching nipple and to her hungry yearning hole. Emma's whole body was hot and tingling as she waited, becoming more and more eager for his hot thick rod to scorch her wet slippery tunnel.

"You are so desperate to fuck aren't you my dear Emma?"

His voice was soft and seductive in her ear and she could only reply weakly,

"Yes Hugo, I'm ready, Please do it, fuck me please."

He rubbed the leaking tip of his cock along the furrow of Emma's thick plump labia listening to her gasping her need out to him.

"Yes Hugo, do it, do me, please, I want that fat thick cock inside me, PLEASE, FUCK ME."

With an audible sigh of relief Emma felt her pussy lips being pushed aside and the heat of Hugo's hot meaty cock slid inside her. Emma adjusted her position so she could get all of his meaty manhood inside her. Her insides fluttered around his cock, alternately gripping and releasing it as he moved smoothly in and out. Emma was in heaven as he fucked her thoroughly while muttering lewd dirty remarks in her ear, remarks that just a few short weeks ago would have had her running screaming from the room with her hands over her ears, but not now, she welcomed them, craved them even, as they stimulated her senses and sent tingling sensations to all parts of her body. Hugo had done this to her, for her, she now knew what it felt like to be a complete woman, a slut beyond compare in the bedroom ready to do anything for her Hugo.

"Cum Emma, cum for me, as hard as you can you dirty, whoring, slag."

His words filled her with so much pleasure, she had pleased him tonight. Her body shuddered and shivered as she came, endeavouring to give him what he enjoyed most. Then the squirting began, a long high sparkling stream that splashed on them both.

They lay panting for several minutes then Emma kissed him and whispered.

"Thank you Hugo, that was wonderful, the best ever." 

He looked at her strangely for a moment,

"Why do you keep calling me Hugo?"

Emma looked at him nonplussed,

"Because that's your name."

"No Emma, it's Caspar, Hugo is my twin brother."