 ~The first shovelful of dirt hits a maple casket with a thud and spreads out over the glossy finish and a bouquet of flowers.~ 

Friday, quittin' time. I pulled my eyes from my monitor and looked around the room. Most agents went home early on Friday, since the companies they did dedicated support for were also going home early. I stayed though, cause I always felt bad about not working my full 80 hours. But I was tired, and ready to go. I stretched, waiting for my computer to power down, and thought about what to do for the evening. I quickly picked up the phone and dialed Judy. 

Judy and I had been friends since grade school. We hung out quite a bit and talked even more, but never got to a dating or even messing around stage. I could tell her anything. 

After a couple rings, "Hey girl, whatcha doin." 

"What do you think? It's Friday, and this bar isn't gonna get ready on its own." Judy inherited Stomping Pit from her dad, who passed away a couple years ago. Every now and then I would help bar back, just to have something to do on a Friday. Her staff could handle the busy nights even when she wasn't there, but it was kinda fun. 

"How 'bout I join you tonight?" I asked, already knowing the answer. 

"Sounds good, shit kickers as usual, darling." She disconnected, and I returned the receiver. I wasn't gonna bring kickers this time though. I wanted to talk, to muddle through what happened last night with Bethany, because before Bethany, I hadn't really had sex in awhile. And I just wanted to hang out with Judy. 

I pulled open a file cabinet drawer that I kept under my desk and to the left of my legs, and found Bethany's black lace croch less thong laying there at the bottom. I quickly looked around, and finding nobody, I picked them up. The scent of her perfume mixed with what had to be her sex juices reached my nose and the memories of last night flooded into my head. But Bethany didn't work today. She must have snuck them in while I was away from my desk. I was definitely gonna get seconds of her. I put the thong in my suit pocket to show to Judy. Proof of my success. 

I grabbed my keys from the file cabinet, closed it, shut off my desk light, grabbed my coat and walked out to my car. Stomping Pit wasn't too far away and when I pulled up, I could see Judy through the front glass window standing behind the bar. The Pit had a great location, and everyone knew about it. Its big selling point, of course, were the beautiful girls who bar tended. Wearing big boots, cowboy, steel toe, whatever, you name it, that boot has been worn there, and skimpy outfits, the girls would serve drinks, dance, hoot, holler, and smile as they took your money. Judy being the owner didn't make her any less beautiful. And she knew it. 

Getting out of the car and locking it, I glanced back into the window and Judy flashed her red glossy bra at me with a smile. Walking in and sitting down at the bar, Judy, who had pulled her t-shirt back down, welcomed me with an unusually seductive smile. "You know, Peter, you make me melt everytime I see you in a suit. I take it you aren't in the mood to work tonight?" Without waiting for an answer, she pulled the rubber band that was holding her shoulder length brown hair in a pony tail. 

"I could just sit here and watch you work all night," I said with a smile, watching her message her scalp and manage her hair. 

"No, we should get out of here. My place?" I nodded and got up to follow Judy to the parking lot. At the door, she yelled out, "Hey I'm leaving, you guys are in charge." Then halfway to our cars, "You know Mindy has been askin about you. When you going to pop her?" 

Unlocking my car door and opening it, I said jokingly, "Tonight?" Mindy was this hot little red head that worked at the Pit for Judy. The whole bar knew that she had a crush on me and wanted to jump me, but was too shy to make the first move. I guess Judy was now on her side and trying to help her seal the deal. 

"Hell no. Tonight you're mine." Another strange gleam in her eye, she got in her car and took off. 

I followed her to her apartment. She didn't want to get a house, even though she could afford a nice one with ownership of the bar. But she enjoyed a small living space, and sharing it with a roommate. A hot roommate, I might add. Judy and Jasmine shared a two bedroom in a complex on the side of the mountain that overlooked downtown. It was a great view, and no one close by to peak in. Judy often talked about how she and her roommate could walk around the apartment naked, and not worry about people seeing them. Then again, they wouldn't care if people could. They even fooled around with each other in front of the window, the idea of people possibly watching turning them on further. Judy didn't have a boyfriend at the time, and Jasmine's boyfriend would often watch. 

I got out of my car after parking it, and followed Judy from her car into her place. The front door cut a hallway in half, leading left to the two bedrooms and bathroom, and leading right to the living room, which was adjacent to the dining room and kitchen. 

"I'll be right out." Judy retreated into her bed room and I watched her ass move side to side in her brown corduroy, full length dress. After losing site of her, I moved to the living room and looked out the balcony doors to observe that grand view. It really was a nice place. 

A few minutes later I felt arms wrap around me and a head press against my back. I looked down at Judy's strong freckled arms and wondered how I didn't hear her walk up to me. I loosened her arms and turned around to hold her to me. She had changed into a black silk evening dress, I assumed to match my suit. The dress reached to just above her knees, had a low v-neck that showed nice cleavage from her B-cup breasts (we knew things like that about each other) and thick straps that crossed in the back. 

"I've missed you," she said to me, looking up at me with large brown eyes and a small smile. Her hair was left down, and I reached up to run my fingers through it, leaving my other hand at the small of her back to keep her pressed to me. 

"I've missed you, too." Her smile grew bigger and she held me a little tighter. Then her hand darted into my pocket and pulled out Bethany's thong. 

"So, what's her name?" she asked, with one hand still holding my back and her other twirling the thong around her finger. 

"Bethany. How did you know they were..." 

"I could smell them when you walked into the bar, silly. Is this a prize?" She asked with a grin. 

"You proud of me?" I smiled back at her, trying to hide my blushing cheeks. 

"Of course, look at these. Full of cream, she must of really wanted you." She tossed the thong onto the couch, and her grin lessoned for a moment. 

"You aren't jealous are you?" I said, pulling her chin up to look into her eyes. I always thought Judy was beautiful, but I never thought that she wanted me sexually at all. We were good friends. 

"Silly boy." She stepped back and looked at me up and down. "Of course I'm jealous. I've been wanting your six inches in me for years now. And I know you think I'm hot, but I just figured I needed to wait, to give you time. But now that I know you're back in the market..." her sentence trailed off at the same time her dress fell to the floor. 

Judy wore a white satin bra with straps that also crossed in the back, and white satin bikini cut panties. Like Bethany, Judy was fit, but a little leaner, and a little shorter, her eyes the same height as my chin. Seeing her body in lingerie was different somehow than the multitude of times seeing her in a two piece bikini, and my dick responded like clockwork, bulging my dress pants. With an open hungry mouth, Judy walked to me with a saunter and started unbuttoning my dress shirt, 

"Of course this changes nothing of our good friendship. This is strictly an exercising of our benefits." Her business talk mesmerized me as her fingers very quickly removed all my clothes. Then she stepped back and slowly circled me, studying me up and down like she owned me. 

"Peter, Peter, Peter. You do have a great body. I always imagined you would turn me on so quickly, and I'm glad to tell you that I was right." She was panting now, her cheeks flushed. She slowly removed her bra, freeing her plump breasts that now sported hard nipples. Still circling around me, I had to crane my neck around and around to keep my eyes on her beautiful body. With her eyes on my hard on, she then swooped to remove her panties, revealing a cleanly shaved cunt, then continued to circle me. As my hard on grew, so did her smile, until my shaft couldn't grow any bigger. I stepped towards her. 

Judy stopped circling and squared off with me as I approached. We locked lips and our tongues wrestled each other has our hands felt up each others sides and backs. Her breasts and hard nipples pressed into my chest and my dick poked into her belly. 

Our saliva ran back and forth between our mouths as our hunger grew, till finally Judy pulled away from me and pointed down. I laid down on her carpeted floor, and she walked up to where my head was and sat down on my face. My tongue met her shaved pussy lips and started licking up and down, digging in deep. The smell of her cunt filled my nostrils, and the satisfaction of eating my best friend's beaver made my hard on throb. Lick after lick brought on more and more heat, her cream starting to ooze onto my face. 

Judy met my throbbing cock with her full lips and took me into her mouth, her fingers massaging my balls. Her tongue licked my cock head and her hand stroked me as I pulsed at her touch. Then she dived, her nose poking into my balls, and my shaft reaching deep down into her throat. This was better than Bethany's deep throat, Judy's angle allowed deeper penetration. My concentration on Judy's cunt kept me from cumming, and we sucked each other with fury. 

She pulled up and looked back, my shaft in her hand, "Did you eat Bethany like this?" she asked while grinding her crotch into my mouth. I plunged my tongue deep into her and moaned a negative. 

"Did she shove your cock down her throat like I just did?" I put my lower lips on her clit and hummed an affirmative. 

"Did you go this deep down her throat?" She turned back and swallowed me again, her throat tightening around my bulging prick. Her nose stabbed me deep, my balls almost reaching her eye sockets, and she hummed, creating a tingle from my balls to my brain. My urge to cum stacked so quickly with her vocal vibrations. I exhaled deeply, trying to control myself and brought my tongue to just under her clit, massaging it with my lower lip and tongue. 

"No." I whispered. Her throat somehow massaged my dick without her head bobbing, and the humming didn't' stop. I came hard, thrusting my hips but Judy didn't have to swallow cause the cum shot practically into her stomach. Judy's entire body moved back due to my hip movement, and her cunt shoved into my face, her clit still trapped between my lower lip and tongue as they rubbed in unison. My moaning from her making me cum must have created a similar tingle cause she started wiggling around my mouth, and whimpering around my dick. A few more thrusts and I was done squirting into her, but Judy was starting to shake, vibrate and stiffen, grinding her pelvis into my face, until finally, with a long soft inhale around my cock, she slowly dropped onto me, her body fluttering and my dick still in her mouth.