 I laid there with my dick in Judy's mouth, and her pussy in my face. My dick started to go limp a little as her fluttering died away. She unstraddled my face and grabbed my cock with her hand. A couple more pumps with her hand and lips and I was pointed again. Then she straddled my hips and lowered her wet self onto me. With a moan I realized she wasn't loose like I had expected. Her firm grip made me breath a little harder and her small hip gyrations made me long for more. 

"So, where do you know Bethany from?" she breathed. 

"From work..." I hissed, a little stunned that she would return to that subject. She had always talked about her conquests of sex, I guess her interest applied to my conquests as well. What a friend. 

"And was she this tight?" Her girlish voice ended the sentence with an innocent rise in tone. She was still gyrating in small circles, knowing it was driving me crazy. 

"No. You feel great," I moaned back. I watched Judy ride me, her nipples puckered, her shaved mound pressed against me, her small motions making me shiver, her fingers rubbing my ribcage. 

"You should have let me re-pop your cherry." She frowned at me with cute pouty lips, which turned me on even more. I was ready to fuck her hard, but she kept on with small, teasing motions. 

"I... didn't know... that you were interested..." Speaking was difficult, with my heavy breathing and my lusting desire building. Judy was beautiful, her hair swaying as she rocked slightly and her broad smile returning. 

"It's too bad, you've been going to waste. Your six inches has been most welcome for awhile now. As for Bethany, you should punish her for me for sneaking in front of me. Next time at work, make her suck your dick in a storage room" 

The glimmer in her eye made me smirk. Judy was always super flirty, but having her say that while riding me like a tease was just blowing my mind. I put my hands on her hips, ready to force her to increase her agonizingly slow pace. She smiled at me and put her hands on my hands and moved them up her torso. 

"Search me with your strong hands, Peter. Discover your prize. And fuck others so that you know how great I am as your prize." Her confidence was addictive. My fingers lingered over her ribs and stomach. 

"It really is too bad it took you this long to get over the death of your wife." 

My hands paused. Silvia died a couple years ago, when I first started at CommNet. But all this time I tried not to think about it. Somehow nobody brought it up until now. Bethany and Judy knew, which is probably why they waited soo long to make their moves on me. Thinking of Silvia while staring at Judy naked and riding me made me feel a little guilty. The pain didn't return, but the mystery did. Silvia was raped and murdered, and the leads had dried up. The cops didn't know where to go with the investigation and so the case was put on the back burner. There was nothing I could do or offer, so I just went along with it, getting mad and blocking the whole thing out. Silvia's beautiful body was punctured and bruised when found, indicating she was tortured bodily as well as sexually. Judy leaned over to wipe the tear from my eyes. Not realizing that I had been crying, I leapt out of my thoughts back to the moment. 

"Peter, I'm sorry. Is it still too soon to talk about? Here let me bring you back to the moment." Without waiting for my response, Judy grabbed my hands and slapped them on her breasts, her nipples poking into my palms, and started rocking gently again. My half staff found its way up deep into her again, juices still running down onto my pubic hair. Her eyes looked deep into mine and with rosy cheeks and pouty lips, Judy swept all thoughts of Silvia out of my mind. 

Soft rocking turned into pumping motion as I started thrusting my pelvis up as Judy's pelvis rocked forward. She oooo'ed at me and licked her lips as my hands squeezed her soft breasts. Her hands rested on my pecks with her French tipped nails barely digging into my skin. Her look was mesmerizing, and her soft voice calling my name engorged my member more and more. 

From rocking, Judy switched to pure up and down fucking, and I started to build my climax. Her juices kept her very well lubed, and the sliding was easy. I had to cease my motion to keep control but she began to quicken her pace, knowing the action was prepping me to burst. Faster and faster, she moved up and down my shaft, harder and harder she slapped down her ass on my thighs. I looked up into her eyes to see a lust building. She threw back her head, her hair falling down her back, her hands raising off my chest and coming up to play with her hair, and my hands moved to her waist when her chest was out of range. Pulling her hips down onto me, each drop drove me deeper inside her. She closed her eyes and her mouth opened to allow a moan to escape. Her hands still played with her hair as her spine appeared to snap, and her body convulsed again and again. The image was breathtaking, and my efforts to hold off from cumming were worthless. I squirted up into her, my torso lifting off the carpet with each contraction, setting off another series of convulsions and moans as she felt my seed reach deep. 

Judy's arms came down as her shakes ceased, with her hands resting on her thighs. She looked down and locked with my eyes, and small grin created dimples in her cheeks. "I think this is the beginning of a very fun benefit."