 After the incredible sexual experience with Racheal (and Justin), there was no stopping any of us. We all wanted more...we all wanted to explore things further. The sex was amazing. It was right out of a movie. So, Justin and I met over beers to discuss something extra special for Racheal. We both wanted it to top the first rendezvous. We decided to meet at their house for dinner and offer our services as "dessert"...just for Racheal (and us). She could have anything she wanted...We decided to go old school and start things with a massage, using this really cool oil she loved. Our goal was to give her a night of pleasure. Over a couple hours, I felt like Justin and I really enjoyed the conversation and each other's company. We talked at great length about our need to please women and how it turned us on...when we were giving a women pleasure, hearing them moan & squeal, watching them shudder! We talked about all the things we like, even exploring bi-fantasies. It was just a damned nice conversation between two guys...Justin was a nice guy to hang out with. 

As we were finishing up, Justin was tasked with going home and confirming the details of our plan, specifically, how to position & tie Racheal on the bed. As we discussed this re-enactment, I was very turned-on by the thought of Racheal (or Justin) tied with legs spread. Justin with that nice firm cock, thick, upright and exposed...ready for some action. Racheal, with that tight little pussy spread just enough for a tongue...hmmm...I could taste it already...fuck! Later, he said he got so horny during there-enactment, he had to stroke out a load...guessed it took him all of three minutes. Anyway, he had staged everything by getting the ropes placed and ready for her ankles. He got out the oil and toys...things were set. He called to confirm everything with me; and I, too, had to jerk out a big load as I thought about our plan. Fuck this was going to be amazing.

Finally, the evening arrived; we had a wonderful dinner& conversation that started with prosecco. Racheal & Justin wanted to keep it light, so we grilled pizza. With all the sexual tension surrounding the evening ahead, I think we all helped with the dinner to increase the pace. While Justin monitored the pizza, we stood around the grill sipping Malbec. It was a brisk conversation that went from politics to neighborhood gossip to gardens and wine. We thought that next time we would keep it Italian, with a Chianti or even a Brunello. It was just a damned good discussion that we all enjoyed. We, again, delved into bisexuality and the feelings that we all felt, on occasion.

Justin jumped into it by expressing how he enjoyed every moment of our last encounter. "Yeah, man...I really loved taking your cock and holding it in my mouth...Racheal's encouragement...it was incredible and it still makes me hard!" "I've sucked cock before but I always go back to pussy...and shit I love seeing Rach being fucked hard...it's like a dream to watch." "She is so fucking hot" Looking at her, he reaches out to pat her butt and she blushes from the show of affection (or the thought of being fucked hard).

He broke the ice...so, I went on to describe the fantasies I've had about them, both. I think, we all knew where this was going...everybody was going to be very satisfied this evening. 

Nevertheless, our conversation eventually moved towards a higher plane that was met with a resounding agreement. Racheal remarked that "We live with so much homophobia." "And, if there are any indications of bisexuality, they are buried...only to bubble up as something taboo and even more exciting. Denial or repression only leads to awful problems with marriages and relationships; it's really shitty what people have to endure."

"Rach, I agree; everybody is different with unique DNA, unique desires...it all defies our need to neatly label people with gay, lesbian or hetero...black or white..." "I have always considered myself to be heterosexual with some bisexual tendencies..." "That said, I've rarely had the courage to act on the any of these thoughts/desires." I usually satisfy myself with porn, stroking to bisexual or gay videos...especially JO scenes.

Racheal, "And is that entirely healthy?"

"I know...I know, human interaction...contact...would be more satisfying...healthier."

Justin announced "Those do it for me too...Rach and I even masturbate together with JO porn." "I do think we need to stop the fucking labels...let people be themselves!" "Umm...on a less controversial, but important note...the pizza is done! Get your plates."

We sat down at a candle-lit table, enjoyed the pizza and continued to converse with eager anticipation for what was coming. The conversation was cool because it better defined what we were all feeling and that we weren't alone. We were among friends that understood. As we wrapped up dinner, Justin and I went over the ground rules (there weren't any) and what she could expect from us (anything she wanted). It was a Racheal Night!! 

With a little sip of wine, Rach smiled at both of us and placed herself in our very capable hands. "I'm ready now, boys!" Justin and I took over. Both horny as hell! We slowly disrobed her, kissing and licking our way over her body. 

She demanded that we remove our clothes, too, "I want to see my naked men." 

No problem...I thought. 

Justin "Oh sorry...yeah, we will be doing that right now."

Again, awkward dorks, but our clothes were on the floor, within a split second.

With everybody stripped, I could feel, both, Justin and Racheal sizing me up...a great feeling that I hoped would be there. Just like the last time. I even felt it a little when Justin and I met for a beer. It's always exciting and exhilarating to sense someone lusting for you, but Racheal and Justin, together, was amazing! Both seemed to wander lower with their eyes to focus on my cock. It had been stiff since I arrived, but now it was rock hard and upright. For them, I think my cock was something new...it was like candy or a new toy. I was so turned on by it all!! It made me so fucking horny!!!

Anyway, we laid her out on the bed and started to massage her neck, shoulders and back, working with the oil. I could see she was enjoying the two pairs of hands rubbing her, kneading her muscles and exploring her body. It was amazing for us, too. A gorgeous athletic body, she and Justin would run together and it showed. She was so toned...fuck, this was hot...I could close my eyes to sense that amazing athletic body with my fingertips. Of course, I couldn't begin to close my eyes...I couldn't take my eyes off that tight little ass. It was incredible! You can about imagine what my cock was doing...it was almost pulsating. We both worked her butt and thighs, spreading her legs to graze her lips with eager (yes, horny) fingers...teasing her a little. I put a lot of effort into her ass, working it hard. She was softly moaning and Justin and I looked at each other with great satisfaction...hey, we were just getting started.

Together, we flipped her over and worked her for a long time, eventually stroking her with our tongues, as well....sucking her nipples, kissing her and sucking her clit. Fuck, it was hard & bright pink...it was amazing...we both worked it with our tongues often licking her together, in unison. Justin rubbed his tongue over my lips a couple times and this seemed to enhance Racheal's moaning. She was watching and enjoying every moment. Justin & I continued to work her clit with our tongues...nibbling, sucking and flicking. 

Through her moaning she said, "I want a cock...I want it in my throat...please...please give it to me."

Justin continued to work her pussy while I began to stroke my cock into her...she raised her head from the bed to meet me....she needed it bad. We had her at a really good place and things were moving fast.

The pace of her breathing increased with Justin's focus. She was close and we both knew it. I bumped her throat a little harder with my strokes and she started to shudder & groan. I pulled out and drug my cock over her lips and face, rubbing it hard so she could feel each ripple on her face. She loved it...she loved feeling my cock this way; and Justin never let up, working her clit even faster. Rubbing it hard on her lips, I nearly lost it when she frantically licked & sucked. Justin kept going till she was finished and my cock quivered with her lips as she shook from orgasm. 

It felt so good to satisfy her. With her orgasm, both of us almost shot our loads; I think guys, at least these two, love to see a woman reach that point of sexual satisfaction. I don't know? Maybe its ego, maybe it's an accomplishment...a good job...I don't know? Some men may be more receptive or sensitive to it. Whatever, we were enjoying every moment.

Justin softly kissed her face and calmed her down by rubbing her body. "That was incredible, Honey." "We are here to please you." It was obvious that he really loved her. 

She said "Honey, I love this, but I'm nowhere near done." She was totally into it and taking control, "Now, I want my two boys to stroke for me." "Show me what you can do with those cocks...I want to watch...show me."

Hard as hell, we were both so fucking horny...her words were exactly what we needed. We started to stroke over her and she was clearly enjoying it...almost squealing at times. Encouraging us further (like that was necessary), "Rub your dicks for me! Stroke'm hard! That's what I want to see! Look at those cocks....they're mine...both mine...I love it!!"

Instinctively, she began to work her clit and I certainly enjoyed watching. Fuck, I really wanted more of that clit...it was gorgeous. I watched her push herself closer. Thinking how lucky I am...damn, I want that pussy, too. I could still taste her on my tongue and my cock just got harder. 

I looked over at Justin, who seemed to be more focused on my cock...how could that be? Racheal was so hot? Why is he not watching her...? I loved it...he wanted my cock! And, I really wanted to try his...so, I reached over and replaced his hand. I wanted to hold it. I wanted to stroke him...it was my turn to satisfy him. I could almost feel his cock grow harder with my touch!

After a few minutes of spirited service to his cock, I decided to really give her a show and leaned forward, taking his cockhead between my lips! That beautiful cockhead...I have it in my mouth...fuck! Yea, it wasn't just about Racheal; I wanted to satisfy my curiosity. I wanted to satisfy my need to suck that cock and I definitely liked it! He had some heavy pre ready to drop, but I caught it just in time. On my tongue, it was so fucking sweet...sweet as Rachel's tasty little pussy. For a moment, I had thoughts of moving back and forth, between his cock and her pussy! That was a fantasy waiting to happen...but I need to focus on this cock...fuck! This was pushing me close.

Justin was now moaning with Racheal. His big head was slippery with precum; it slid in & out of my mouth. He started to thrust it a little harder and I took it into my throat, gradually...a little deeper. 

Proud of my effort, I could hear Justin and then Racheal "Take it deep...please take it deep...yea, deeper...I love it...you need this...I know you want it" 

"Honey cum for us. Spray it on us! Shoot it! Shoot it! Shoot your load!"

Justin couldn't hold it anymore, shooting a huge, hot load in my mouth & down my chin. He pumped out a big one and I could feel the force of his groans. Fuck! I just took a man's load...or some of it! Look...I had taken mine before and even lapped up some facials/bodyshots, but never had I taken a man this way. This is some heavy experimentation, a whole new experience that I was really enjoying. WTF! How does this fit? I didn't know whether I should enjoy it, but I loved it. It was okay to like it...I was among friends that understood. Taking Justin's load was a huge change or shift in my identity; almost an affirmation of my sexuality...hetero, bi...whatever. It didn't fucking matter...it was me and I'm bi! Fuck it! I'm bi!

Rach and I shared the moment of his hard body pulsing, cum and spit dripping from his shaft. With Justin's satisfaction running down my chin and pooling on her body, I started to jerk my own cock very hard. I really needed to cum...now. Justin was a little lost in a haze of orgasm...he was probably fucking lightheaded after that big load. 

Racheal raised up from the bed to lick cum from my face and say "I want you to cum on me! Please, spray it all over me! Spray me! Give me your cum!" Racheal really loved it...she liked to feel it in her mouth, rubbing her tongue through a coating of warm cum. She loved to feel it on her body. She would take it anywhere. She kneaded her breasts and rubbed her nipples, as if she was preparing them for my load. 

I was there...fuck I was there! I obliged her request and covered her breasts...fuck it felt good to finally release! As she felt it on her skin, she smiled and squealed, "Yesssss, I love it...it's warm all over me!" Then she rubbed it over her breasts, outlining her nipples with her fingers...her nipples glistened with me!! Looking at me, then Justin, she licked every drop from her fingers. Justin finished things up and leaned in to suck out the last drops. He acknowledged it with a pleasurable moan and Rach followed with, "Its good isn't it?"

After all this, we finally we made it back to Racheal...she had been rubbing her clit throughout our little show. We glanced at each other to confirm the next move. As planned, we placed her at the edge of the bed with her legs spread wide. When we tied her legs to the bed, she grinned and noted that things just kept getting better. Later that night we all laughed when we told her how Justin tried things out to see if it would work....and how we called each other to confirm things were a go. 

In this position, we could work her pussy good...and again, we asked what she needed? It was totally up to her. We could give her anything at all...a tongue, a toy, a vibrator, a hard cock or, better yet, two hard cocks! As expected, she chose all-of-the-above and we were ready...we did everything. We both worked her pussy...tooling it with a vibrator...sucking her clit... and eventually fucking her. 

It wasn't too long before, we heard her again. "Keep it up...faster...harder; I love this!" "I love...going to cum...fuck me, hard!" She came again, while Justin was sucking at her clit and I fucked her. Her pussy sucked and grabbed at my cock...Justin loved watching all this, close-up, occasionally licking her from my cock. If I could reach it, I would have done the same and sucked it clean.

A little exhausted, Rach wanted to switch gears a little; we had given her pussy a heavy workout and it was a little sensitive.

"Honey, what can we do?"

She thought for a moment, while we lightly and affectionately rubbed her limp body. "Will you let me watch you both, again...I want to watch you both!" "Fuck, the two of you are so hot...so hot together!" 

She wanted us to entertain her again! Justin grinned and reached out to brush my swollen head (just to clarify, the one between my legs).

"Fuck that felt good," both anxious and knowing there would be more. After a quick, but telling, glance between us, we both wanted to grab some hard cock. But first, we tried untying Racheal to make her more comfortable, while we did our thing.

"Stop that, I like being tied!"

Justin, already on the job, was running his hand over his hardon...working that purple head. 

We moved in closer to her on the bed, stroking and rubbing our cocks over her face. She licked and suckled them as they passed over her lips. 

"Shit! I want to do you, this time!" Reaching over and stroking me...Justin squirted some lube down my length...laughed & said it looked like he was putting mustard on a dog. 

"Hope you're hungry?" 

"For what you got...I'm starving." 

The two of us stroked for a good, fifteen minutes or so, enjoying the scene of Racheal tied to the bed and, now, stroking her pussy with a vibrator. We worked each other, off & on, caressing and stroking each other. It felt good to hold his hard cock in my hands. I watched his eyes travel back & forth from her pussy to my cock. Finally, he bent over to take me in his mouth. I loved to have my cock in his mouth! As a man, he seemed to know exactly what I needed.

I felt things were perfect this time...I had a man sucking me and it felt so good. I had no apprehension. This was it. Damn it...you like a good cock. Everybody likes a good cock! You're clearly not defined as gay...you love pussy too much. You are bi! Enjoy it...its normal!

Justin pulled off and Racheal, "Honey, give me Veiny (a vibrator with a name?)...put him in me!"

We laughed as Justin lubed and stuffed him deep into her, "He's part of the family."

She was getting close, now, working her pussy with two vibrators (one inside and one on her clit). She would be cumming soon.

I directed Justin to lie down next to her. I straddled his face and plunged my cock into him. He moaned and Racheal squealed...she could see every detail of my hard cock pumping into her husband's throat. My cock could feel how much Justin was enjoying things. He was really into it, taking me deep and sucking me hard.

Another fantasy flashed through my head...this would be some great porn, I would've given anything to have this scene on film! We'd be stars! So fucking hot!

Racheal was cheering us. "Take him, Honey...take him. You can take it all!"

I found myself in a position to watch both her pussy and his cock. I could certainly get used to this! More of that fantasy porn scene, things just kept getting better. I made a decision...I wanted another taste of Justin! I dropped my head to engulf his cock.

Racheal squealed again and Justin started to pump it hard into me. We were all in sync...very close...Justin & I were working with each other and fucking each other. My throat was loosening and I was able to take him deeper than before...a thought that pushed me to orgasm...I was done, shooting it into Justin and all over his face. 

Fuck! That was another big load! Where is this coming from? 

Justin and I quickly repositioned ourselves so Rach had a better view of her husband stroking into my mouth. I laid flat right next to her, with Justin driving his cock into me, from above. She was getting the show she wanted...I sprayed my load all over her husband's face and now he was about to do the same. 

She was really starting to close the deal on a third orgasm...I bet her toys were a blur. I know Justin was watching her...I was enjoying the view of Justin's cock fucking my face. 

"Fuck him deep I know you're close Honey...I want you to shoot it all over me, please, shoot it on me!!!"

He continued to fuck me for few more minutes and eventually, he pulled off and scrambled over to spray his wife with one last cumshot...he barely made it but he hit the target. With her hot body, the shiny droplets scattered over those breasts were breathtaking. I think both of us got harder, even after all the satisfaction the two of us could ask for.

Wearing his tiny jewels on her tits, She let go and shook violently, focusing on Veiny and shoving it deep into her pussy. She was panting and breathing real heavy; she was cumming again. She screamed this time with, barely discernible gibberish, "Fuck.....cumming!" It was one of those porn vocals that demands that you stroke faster to shoot the load you were trying to hold back.

Rach was done!! She was satisfied!!

Exhausted, we just laid there for a while with our eyes closed and savoring the warm feeling of being completely satisfied...this was some evening! Coming back to earth, we kissed and snuggled Racheal. She kissed her husband and licked a sheen of cum from his face. Certainly we weren't done...we were all more sexually alive than ever before! I went on to explain that I had two sexual lives, one with my wife and one with others. Maybe at a crossroads in my life...is this where I buy a cheesy sports car and a younger wife or husband? Fuck No! I love Tina! Tina and I have always had an open marriage, albeit one-sided, when it came to sex. We have a very healthy, happy, loving marriage, but I always need more. That said, she loves sex, too; and over the years we have experimented a lot. She loved to watch but not always participate...Tina was a voyeur and loved to masturbate while others acted out their fantasies.
