 I was standing outside the local pizza place when I saw a young girl come out and light up a Camel. Other than the smoking, she was entirely too wholesome to be working at this place, which had a reputation for its wild employees and customers.

She looked about 18, with short blonde hair, blue eyes, and a cute little nose. Her tight black tee shirt barely stretched all the way over her impressive tits, and her black pants showed off a very tight ass. I enjoyed my cigarette as I watched her and surveyed her terrain.

As I watched her, I could tell that something was wrong. Her expression was one of concern, her face wrinkled with worry. Tears soon followed as she half-heartedly puffed away. I approached her, ever vulnerable to the damsel in distress.

I learned that her name was Nicole, she was a senior at the local high school, worked at the pizza place for three months and had just found out she was pregnant. The father, her manager at work and a married man, denied all responsibility and had just fired her for trying to cause trouble.

“I was so stupid, giving up my virginity to an asshole like that. He told me he was fixed, but obviously lied to me. What a prick!”

“Well,” I said. “You learned a valuable lesson. Guys will do anything to fuck a cute young girl like you.”

“Yeah, but now what am I going to do? I have no money and now no job. I can’t have a baby!”

I looked at her and my cock started to stir. Here was a hot, obviously sexually active legal teenager practically in my arms. 

“I don’t know.”

She looked at me and my expensive jacket, my gold cigarette lighter and smiled. “You’re kind of cute. Will you help me out?”

“What do you mean?”

“I saw you checking me out. How about I make you feel good and you give me some money?”

“How good do you mean?”

“Name it. My parents are out of town, so we could go to my place. I have to earn money for an abortion, and I can’t think of any other way.”

“Okay. Let’s take my car.”

In a few minutes we were at her house, a nice suburban ranch-style in a good neighborhood. It was obvious she was from a good family and was just dumb in her choice of sex partners.

She took my hand and led me to her bedroom, which obviously belonged to a young girl. Stuffed animals covered the bed, pom-poms and a cheer pennant hung on the wall. Everything was pink and feminine and obviously a couple of years out of date.

I sat down on her bed and she joined me. Her hands went to my crotch, awakening my sleeping penis. I leaned over to kiss her, and she met my lips with passion. As she continued to rub my cock I reached up to caress her swollen melons, firm from a push-up bra and youth.

I disengaged from her and pulled off her shirt. Her breasts were barely contained in a red-lace bra. I pulled down the cups and went to work on them with my lips. Her pink nipples quickly became erect. The oohs and ahhs she emitted told me she liked what I was doing.

After awhile I told her to take off her clothes. There is nothing more erotic than watching a hot young female disrobe and I was not disappointed. She reached around and unhooked her bra, releasing those beautiful 34D tits. They were so firm they almost completely held their shape in freedom. Next, she kicked off her shoes and unbuckled her pants. Slowly she lowered them, revealing a skimpy pair of panties that matched the bra. Her stomach, washboard flat, showed no signs of her pregnancy. Last to come off were those panties and, once around her ankles she kicked them off.

Thankfully, she was as wholesome looking as I had thought. No piercings, no tattoos, and a full bush of curly blonde pubic hair a couple of shades darker than the hair on her head. She sat down on the bed and bid me to join her. I kissed her hard, fondling her oversized jugs and working my way down to her pussy. Two fingers went in easily, as her juices were flowing with anticipation and excitement.

“Why don’t you take off you clothes so we can get down to business?”

I shook my head and dove for her young, pink, teenage twat. My tongue danced over her womanhood, from clit to outer lips to her asshole. She squirmed with delight as I stimulated her, bringing her to orgasm quickly and violently.

“Jim never did that for me. He just fucked me a couple of times in the back of his car after work.”

I nodded, knowing that this young girl was mine for the taking. I quickly shucked my clothes, standing naked before her. Though I am over twice her age, I am still in pretty good shape. I took my cock in my hand and guided it toward her mouth.

“I’ve never sucked a guy’s cock before.”

“It’s easy. I’ll teach you.”

I told her to begin by licking the head and, in no time, my penis had grown to its full nine inches. Little by little she worked it into her mouth, those beautiful blue eyes looking up at me in innocence and lust. I taught her how to stimulate my balls, how to jack off the shaft, how to finger my asshole to increase stimulation. She started to gag after getting about half of it down her throat, so I broke off and laid her back on the bed.

“Since you’re already pregnant, I guess I don’t have to worry about birth control, huh?” She managed a giggle.

“Jim’s cock is like a pencil compared to yours. Promise you won’t hurt me, okay?”

“Promise. You ready to get fucked?”

She nodded. I had lied to her, and shoved all nine inches into her in one thrust. This took the breath out of her but, before she could complain, I was pumping the hell out of her. Her pussy was so tight that I believed her when she spoke of her only other lover’s organ. The walls of her cunt gripped my invading member like a vice, but soon loosened up and I continued my assault. 

Nicole was a loud one, crying out and moaning as I did the job on her. I looked down to see our genitals meet, my thick prong obscenely stretching her pussy lips, and my thick black bush meshing with her blonde curls. I started coating my fingers with her juices and finger banging her tight little asshole. This added a whole new level of pleasure to both of us.

When I sensed my impending orgasm, I slowed down and flipped her over so that she straddled me. It didn’t take much for this natural slut to get the message and started riding me like a prize horse. I gripped her ass as it went up and down on my shaft, and leaned up to suck those beautiful nipples as the flopped around with her gyrations.

“I…think…I’m cumming!!” she screamed. I knew I wasn’t far behind, and as I felt the orgasmic contractions of her pussy, I unloaded my sperm into her already pregnant womb. When we were finished, she collapsed on top of me, pressing those globes of flesh into my hairy chest.

After taking a minute to catch my breath, I lit two cigarettes and handed her one. We smoked in silence until her hand found my cock and she started to rub it.

“I wish I had waited to lose my virginity to someone like you, Joe. I never knew fucking could be that good.”

“Thanks. Considering I have been fucking since before you were born, that’s a very nice compliment.”

“So, what was that worth to you? I need the money, even though it was so good I should be paying you!”

“You tell me. What do you want?”

“Is twenty dollars okay?”

I laughed out loud at her obvious naiveté. “Twenty bucks! You sure don’t think much of yourself, do you?”

“Well, what would be fair?”

“Listen, honey. If you really want to fuck for cash, fairness has nothing to do with it. First of all, get the money up front.”

“I wouldn’t normally do this, but…”

“I know. Are you really serious about this?”

“Yes.”

“Not just doing it to pay for your abortion, but really making some money?”

She thought a minute. “What do you mean?”

“Well, if you are serious about it I have a lot of middle-aged friends who would pay a lot of money to fuck a hot young piece like you. Most of us didn’t get the really hot girls when we were teenagers, and want to make up for it now. Interested?”

“What’s in it for you?”

“Well, I would keep part of the money as a finder’s fee, say twenty-five percent. The rest is yours. But I have to warn you, not all of them would be like me. I really care about getting a girl off. Most of them would only be interested in getting their own rocks off.”

“Say I’m interested. How would we do this?”

“Well, first thing is I would pay for your abortion and get you on the pill. I have a couple of rental properties we could use to conduct business. I will find the guys and bring them to you. They will give me the money and I’ll pay you out of it.”

“Why do you want to do this for me?”

“Two reasons. One, I genuinely like women, and I think you like to fuck but aren’t too good at picking guys. Second, I love to make money.”

“Is that all?”

“No. I would like to continue to fuck you myself.”

Nicole thought about it a minute, then said she was interested. We went down a list of sex acts and she was willing to try many, such as multiple partners and anal, but had no interest in bondage or pain or other girls. I told her I would respect this.


“How about once more? If you have some Vaseline, I’ll introduce you to anal sex.”

With that, we started our second bout of the day. After a wicked sixty-nine and some straight missionary fucking, I took her doggie-style. I loved the way her huge young tits swayed and bounced as I pounded her. When the time was right I withdrew my penis from her pussy, lubed it and gently inserted it into her ass. After a few in and outs I had buried my nine-incher all the way into her bowels. Slowly I fucked her until finally she bade me to go faster. When I came I withdrew and pulled my cock until I sprayed semen all over her tiny ass. Again, we collapsed and smoked a post-coital cigarette.

As promised, I fixed up one of my apartments for our use. After arranging her abortion and for her to get on the pill we took a trip to Frederick’s and Victoria’s secret to outfit her with a wide range of sexy underwear, from push-up bras to crotchless panties to bustiers. Our business continues to go well, and I get all the legal teenage pussy I want.