 I have always had a very heavy sexual appetite. Even with a hot, sexy wife willing to do anything; I always seem to need more. Thus, the old adage that reality is stranger than fiction comes to mind. It is so accurate when applied to relationships and sex; it is wild what people will do, especially behind closed doors. The following is one more episode of my life, cluttered with sexual adventure. Amazingly, everything is true, except the names and some minor details that I just don't remember. The series of stories act as a sexual biography. On the surface, I have such a normal life...I go to work every day. But a couple years ago, I established an online presence; which in many ways is a more accurate portrayal of me and my sexual realities. It has been healthy and restorative to finally be myself in this public forum. 

It all starts with a surprise visit from our former neighbors, Racheal and Justin. I explained to them that Tina was gone out of town, again. Always on the go, she had a meeting in Chicago. I then proceeded with a neighborhood update of who was still there...who got divorced...who had kids. You know the drill. They both seemed a little chatty, which was unusual for him...he was usually very quiet. I was thinking I should offer them a drink or something. Maybe later. Racheal was very cute...yes, she was hot. Yeah, I noticed her, especially when she was sunbathing in the backyard. She was maybe 5'-6" with long hair, thin and shapely, with big, full breasts. Her husband, Justin, was similar to me, lean, muscular and a little bit of a nerd. I always thought they made a good couple; I am happy they got together. We small-talked for a while, discussing their marriage which was already four years past and they were looking forward to their upcoming anniversary. They had decided on a cruise to celebrate. 

Technically, Racheal was really our neighbor, but she & Justin had been dating for about a year and he moved in, maybe, six months before they moved away. I remember they wanted a house with a bigger yard for their dog. They went on to mention that they had always admired the work I did with the garden. Overlooking it from their kitchen, they loved it because they could watch the season's progress...so, I offered them a tour. As we entered the backyard, they continued to gush over the garden and how they always had their morning coffee, with a garden view. They missed it so much. Maybe, I would take them in the house after a little tour...that's good...I want to be welcoming. Tina is always so much the entertainer. She would have had a drink in their hands by now. Oh well. They were a nice couple and really good neighbors and I still thought Racheal was very hot. It's not like I thought anything would happen because they are happily married. I was a little nervous. Maybe it was just because I thought she was hot and I was thinking with my penis. I would never do that...no, not at all...never.

Ten minutes into the tour (I can talk for hours about plants), I was doing my botany thing and explaining some of the plants. Racheal got unusually close and became very focused on what I was saying. Dismissive, I decided she was just into it...cool...always love a receptive audience. Out of nowhere, she noted that she was enjoying the tour so much and she really admired my body. 

Without hesitation, she blurted, "I miss you and sometimes fantasize what you would be like."

I thought...WTF! Say what? 

I really thought she meant to phrase things differently. So, not knowing how to respond, I stumbled around and said "uhh thanks...I don't know what to say." But before I could finish, she had placed her hand on my crotch and began to rub with long, deliberate strokes. 

She quickly unbuckled my belt as she declared "I have to taste that cock...I have to." I just stood there and let her do as she wanted...god damn...she was hot and moving fast. I was out of my pants and she had my hard cock in her hands, thoroughly admiring every detail. We both seemed to be breathless, but I was very confused.

Finally, as my head caught up with the moment, I looked over at Justin, only to see him with his pants at his knees and beginning to lightly stroke his cock. It was stiffening. 

She went on to say, "He enjoys watching me satisfy other men."

Awkward as hell and never at a loss for words, I replied, "That's cool." Fuck...I can be such a damned dork!

At this point, Justin was stroking a hard 8-inches...I thought to myself how hot that cock was. I, sort of, sized him up and compared cocks...what a fucking male thing to do. I decided I might be slightly bigger...maybe an inch more and a little wider, but he had the most beautiful cockhead. It was swollen, deep purple and perfect. All this occurring within split seconds; my mind was just racing and Rachael had already engulfed the tip of my cock, aggressively working it in & out of her mouth. I quickly lost track of Justin as she pushed most of me into her mouth, only to be stopped short by her throat...she was gagging a little but doing an admirable job and working me over really good. I was enjoying this so much, my head was spinning with pleasure and she kept it up for a long time...long enough for me to really enjoy the unfolding scene. I alternated my focus between an incredible blowjob and Justin's stroking. I loved watching my cock passing between her lips. I pushed my cock just a little deeper by meeting her strokes and pulling her face closer to my groin. 

I became very confused as she suddenly pulled off me and Justin was moving a chair closer. As they looked directly at each other, she declared that she had to have me and bent over the back of the chair and grasped the seat with both hands. 

She spread her legs wide, exposing her pussy and demanded that I fuck her..."give it to me...please, give it to me...please. You have to fuck me! I need it and Justin wants to watch you!!"

I can be pretty slow sometimes, but now it was more than obvious...I was part of a plan...a plan that was beyond my control...a plan that I wanted to complete. Fuck this was hot! I need to fuck Racheal! I am going to fuck Racheal!

I layered some of my spit over the top of hers, rubbing it over my cock. I slid the length of it over her swollen pussy, gradually working the tip into her and enjoying her coaxing moans. Finally shoving it all the way, as deep as it would go, she squealed! The moans got louder as I worked it in & out of a very tight, but very wet pussy...a dream pussy. Shit, a dream girl! 

Meanwhile, Justin seemed to enjoy every minute; he knew the plan and he knew his role. He pushed her head back to receive his cock, gradually stroking it deeper into her mouth; a mouth that I had primed for him. He was moaning, too. We were facing each other as we both pumped our dicks into his subservient and very hungry wife. She was satisfying both of us. We fucked for a long time, enjoying her tight holes and muffled moans...after all, Justin's cock was stopping most of the sound.

Finally after some very hard action...long powerful strokes, she pulled off Justin and choked out "Stop!"

I heard it very clearly and it wasn't at all what I expected to hear from my moaning woman...and I thought she was mine, or she was ours. Fuck! What is going on, now? 

She said "I have to taste my pussy." She flipped around and licked her juices from my cock, plunging it into her throat, yet again. 

Justin stood and watched, stroking as if he was on cue. He was an actor on his mark...it was his role to watch her satisfaction...but...he was really enjoying the sight of a cock feeding his wife. Who wouldn't? I know I was enjoying it. 

She pulls off and looks directly at him. Their eyes met and that's all it took; he was on his knees with her, sharing my cock. They licked me and traded it back & forth...sharing it...always loved sharing, especially when it involves my cock. They were a husband & wife team with a plan...the plan was to satisfy me!

They both worked my cock over. I was fucking both throats...and Justin seemed to take me even better than Racheal...he could deep throat like a seasoned hooker. I guess...really never been with a seasoned hooker but it sounds good. She promised him that she would share it later, but she had to have it in her pussy, again. She assumed the position, over the chair and being fucked from both ends. 

Thrusting hard and starting to sweat, I asked Justin if he wanted some. Nodding yes, he was really enjoying her throat...who wouldn't? She gave a great blowjob, a skill I think she may have developed from his tutoring. Anyway, we switched sides and I began stroking her throat deeply, in sync with Justin's opposing strokes. Racheal was rubbing her clit feverishly and it appeared that they were both breathing heavier. 

Racheal moaned deeply around my gorged cock...I felt the increased intensity of her moans and breathing. Yeah...she was cumming! She was cumming hard! I shortened, but quickened, my strokes into her throat; I wanted to hear her moaning...I love to hear a woman during orgasm. It's amazing. Her whole body was shaking...it was a good one. It pushed me closer to mine. 

Then, Justin looked at me, "I'm going to cum, too!"

In reply, I said "Make it a good one...shoot it hard!"

Justin pulled out with a big grunt and a breathless, muffled "Got to cum, gonna cum...gonna shoot it...spray it all over you Rach!" 

It sprayed all over Racheal's ass and up her back...looked like a couple days' worth. It was a fucking pornstar cum! A pornstar cum! I found it very sexy and thrilling. 

Again, moving in unison, they dropped to their knees and begged me "Please, cum...give us your cum...we want your load. Shoot it! Shoot it!"

It didn't take long because I had been holding it back for some time...I couldn't believe this was all happening, but I knew it was part of the plan. Love the plan! 

I exploded with a huge load, a couple strands for each. Fuck, it was a big load! 

After the last big shot, she lunged forward to take my dripping cock in her mouth and sucked every last drop from me. She even stuck her tongue in the tip to extract it all. 

Exhausted and sweating, I watched them as they swallowed every last drop that they held on their tongues. Again, they moaned with satisfaction, as they enjoyed every bit of my cum. 

Still horny as fuck...Justin and I turned Racheal over that chair again and licked up the remainder of his load, still coating her back. 

All three, savoring incredible sex, orgasms and the taste of cum, we looked at each other and smiled. 

Justin then declared, "Well, I think we need to plan another visit."

I said, "Let me offer you a drink and we can discuss that."

Racheal smiled at me "I hope you're trying to get us drunk."

I reply "Maybe, but I think I am outmatched by the two of you...but I do want to plan a rematch?

"Absolutely, we want that too!"

We walk into the house for that drink and a new plan...

I told them that I wanted to have a closer look at Justin's cock. He smiled with pride, "Okay! It's a plan!"