 ~A maple casket is slowly lowered into a freshly dug grave.~ 

I jumped straight into a sitting position when the alarm went off. Mel and Steph spent the night on either side of me, but the bed was vacant. I rubbed my eyes and wondered who set the alarm for early Sunday morning. The giggles came from the bathroom as I stood up. 

"Peter, you need to get ready for church." It was Mel, not as commanding as she was last night, but still insistent. I hadn't been to church since Silvia died. Back then I went with her family, and I wasn't too sure I wanted to deal with their mom this morning. 

I pulled a pair of boxer-briefs out of my drawer and walked naked to my bathroom, occupied by the two sisters dressed in semi-formal dresses with spaghetti straps and mini style skirts that reached just above their thighs. Mel was in a navy blue and Steph in red. I walked to the shower and turned on the water, still groggy eyed. 

"Shower fast, we're late." The two left, their hair done up and their makeup applied, and shut the door. 

After a quick shower, I threw on slacks and a polo. We drove out to St. Vincent's, a huge cathedral of a church. I locked the door as Steph ran ahead. Mel waited for me, and we walked up the stairs and in the door together. Mel then guided me to the left and we entered on that side, instead of the center. I couldn't see where Steph or their mom were sitting, but the place was pretty packed. Such a long time since I had been in there, it was a weird feeling. 

I followed Mel blindly as we approached the confessionals, which were islands not attached to the walls. The doors faced the walls so that those who entered them weren't seen by the general audience. Of course it was Mass so nobody was in them, and Mel walked straight for them, opened the door quietly and motioned me to enter, making sure nobody saw. 

Mel put her finger to her lips as she let the door close. Some light came through the mesh in the window of the door. Mel leaned close to me to whisper in my ear as she started pulling up her dress. 

"I want you to fuck me from behind like you did my sister yesterday. Watching you got me all excited." I reached for my fly and undid my pants. Pulling down my boxer briefs and letting them rest around my ankles. We had to remain standing cause of the size of the confessional. Mel was holding her dress up around her waist, and I turned her around to face away from me as I reached under to move panties that may or may not have been there. I found a thong and moved it to the side. 

My dick rose to meet Mel's ass checks and I slid it between her legs to rub her lips. Her left arm came up to brace herself against the wall, her other hand still holding up her dress and holding her thong to the side. My left hand gripped her hip, with the dress held up by my forearm, while my right hand was wrapped around and fingering her clit. 

My hard dick entered her dripping pussy, and Mel bit her lip to not let out a gasp. Knowing that hundreds of people were just outside those thin confessional walls made the whole encounter terribly wrong. I pumped and pumped hard, not really waiting to build up from slow loving strokes. Her stance made her pussy clench on my shaft so hard. 

We fucked hard and fast, careful to make sure that the confessional didn't vibrate to alert anyone. My finger on Mel's clit kept pace with my thrusts, and her breathing was getting heavy and fast. 

"Fuck me like an animal, like you fucked Steph." I swore people must have heard that, but I had to get my sperm deep inside her. I needed to shoot my load, the whole experience driving me crazy with lust. Mel's back started to spasm and I lost it, unloading into her. Bells rang outside, a part of the Mass. 

A few more pumps and I pulled out, almost falling back against the wall. Mel squatted down on the bench that came out of the wall opposite the door, and I realized that we were in the chamber where the priest sat. I pulled up my undies and pants and zipped and buckled. Mel was still squatting, but she had a gleam in her eye. I took a second to catch my breath, still amazed that we fucked in the middle of Mass. 

Mel finally stood up, fixing her dress, and walked out of the confessional, the light blinding us momentarily. No one saw us exit, so we continued down the isle to find Steph and their mom. As we sat down I saw Mel lick off some of my jizz that found its way to her finger, just before kissing her mom on the cheek. Then their mom smiled at me and her eyes got misty. I nodded and smiled back to be polite, not sure what else to do since I hadn't really talked to any of them since the death of Silvia. 

And out of the blue, it hit me. Mel squatted on the priest's bench to let my cum drip out of her and onto his lofty seat. Steph's eyes popped and she giggled as Mel whispered into her ear.