 I developed this story from an idea I had some years ago.

I'm still a novice writer so once again all constructive comments are welcome.

I'm also British. I have used some British dialect. If you have not heard all the words before I think the meaning is obvious from the context. It also means the spelling is British as well. I was accused of not spell checking my previous story :-)

*****

I came out of the shower, feeling refreshed after a long day in the office and a journey on the very hot tube. London could be so hot and sticky in August. I dried my hair first with a towel and then the dryer. Though the plan had risks, these were no higher than I had faced before and the alternative was much worse. I appraised my body in the full-length mirror. Much depended on it, or to be specific for tonight, how one man saw it. I make my tits bounce then squeezed both hard. With some pride watched how they settled standing out, not drooping at all and still firm in their fullness. My discipline in exercise and careful eating had continued to pay off. Tracing my body with my hands starting from my tits then moving to the sides as my body narrowed at my waste and then over the hips. There had been a time when I thought my tits were too big for my five and a half foot height. It was not how far they projected but their other dimensions - easily filling a C cup and sometimes having to resort to a D. 

Laughing now at my attempts to diet them away and ending up like I was a cancer patient or something. Life had bit me in the backside since, and taught me that my titties were items to be used to my advantage. Right now, having dug myself into a big hole, my tits might at a minimum buy me some time, and perhaps more. I very much hoped so or this problem could land me in the Accident & Emergency unit down the road. Tonight might just mean a little flaunting and flirting, maybe a blowjob or worse case a good fucking might buy that time. It was a while since I had a good fuck in any case. I was horny and thinking about a good fuck made me even more so. Dave I guessed as the sort who might be a little rough when fucking, not necessarily considerate, but the big positive was that I did not judge him the type to be deliberately sadistic or cruel. Lets hope I was right about him!

Deciding how to dress for Dave was difficult as my sole contact with the man had been over the apartment I was renting from him. Sure, I had flirted a bit to ensure it was me and not that other bitch he rented to, but still we had not really shared that much personal information. I sensed he was street-wise and no one's fool. He sounded local to this part of London. He had gone on to make something of his life. I remember him saying that he now owned six apartments. He was maybe 30 or 35, no wedding ring or indication of a partner. He looked fit. Thinking about the little I knew I decided he was not one who would cream his pants when presented with fishnets, micro skirts , scooped halter tops and highest heels. For what I wanted from Dave I decided my sluttish items could seriously backfire. Deciding to go the opposite extreme I chose country girl style from my wardrobe. A simple white lowish cut bra and shirt that when not buttoned up too far showed off the tops of my tits nicely and simple white panties. Then hip hugging jeans, and sandals with modest heels. That should work well I thought. I dressed and applied minimum makeup and a small dab of the best perfume. 

Looking in the mirror I buttoned my shirt up except for two buttons, no need to attract attention from the wrong men on the way there as I was taking the Tube. It was just after 7 in the evening I walked towards his house unbuttoning three buttons on my shirt as I approached. That was bound to get his interest, whilst hopefully appearing accidental. 

It was a hot early evening and I had just stepped out of the shower when the doorbell rang. I was not expecting anyone to call and hurriedly finished drying myself and grabbed the nearest clothes. Rushing to the door still buttoning up my shirt.

Standing there was Eve, red hair shining in the sun, the most gorgeous looking woman I had seen in a very long time, maybe ever. Striking was that she had a shirt less buttoned up than mine showing the tops of her perfect, shapely breasts, and part of a white lacy bra. The site the more alluring by the oh so pale skin. I did not get many tenants visit me at home. What made her appearance even more of a surprise was the fact that Eve was overdue on her rent by almost two months. Most tenants were highly skilled at avoiding me when overdue and most definitely did not pay me home visits. I decided to play innocent, to start with at least.

"Eve, hi, how're you? Is there a problem with the flat? Come on in."

I saw that she looked slightly flustered, a bit of extra colour in the cheeks that were normally so pale and tension in her eyes.

Eve looked from side to side then straight at me with her beautiful big green eyes, unspoilt by the ridiculous make up so many of the women of her age wore. She said quietly, "The flat's really nice and all is working, I came about the rent. I seem to have caught you at a bad time I can come back some other time."

The last thing I wanted to do was let her go now and have to chase her later. It was not that uncommon for tenants to be a week or two late with their rent in the part of London my properties were, but at close to two months this was around the time I stopped the gentle reminder texts and letters and started to explain the seriousness of their situation and the legal process I would undertake if they did not pay up. 

"Come on in, Eve, take the second door on the right." 

I opening the door wide for her to pass and spent a few seconds admiring the tight waste, shapely hips and nicely formed derriere, outlined by tightly fitting hip hugging, expensive looking jeans as I directed her into the sitting room. Following her in I gestured for her to sit down in the nearest chair. She declined the offer of a drink and was looking increasingly uncomfortable.

I had built my little empire of six apartments to rent based on one inherited house left to me by an uncle and a lot of hard work. He was the only family member that had shown me any interest or kindness, and the only one that had any money to speak of. I did not know my father and lost touch with my mother in my early teens. My uncle died when I was 22 and had left me a hand written letter with good advice I had tried to follow. I was completely self-taught regarding the managing, decorating, repairs, vetting and all other aspects of this business. Along the way I had learned a number of hard lessons for this was not one of the better areas of the big city. I had rubbed shoulders, and other parts, with the good, the bad, and the seriously criminal. 

My experience was telling me that Eve was not one of those where a genuine crisis had stopped them from paying their rent. She was one that had chosen to put some other spending first and got herself into the mess. I occasionally had sympathy for those in genuine crisis and would give them time to come up with the rent. As for the rest, I was not about to subsidise a decision to spend their rent money on other things - I had a business to run. Plus if you became known as an easy touch in this part of London you became an attraction for other undesirables.

I was only mildly interested in the lie she was about to spin as to why she was behind with the rent. It did seem a great shame that I might have to lose such a drop dead gorgeous tenant who until now had caused me no problems. One of the tricks I learned some while ago was that you often gained more of the truth through the power of silence making the other person talk rather than let them simply respond to what you said.

Eve looked around the room nervously as I waited for her to speak. Then looking me up and down and finally focusing on my face, said quietly, "I don't have the rent I owe and am not going to have it this month end. Please don't throw me out on the street. I will get the money next month, I swear, just give me another two weeks."

Yep, as I thought, I gave her some grudging respect for not telling me it was all because her Gran/Mum/sister had died/ had cancer, which were amongst the most common stories told to me by those who had blown their rent money.

"Tell me Eve, have you been sick? Are you still employed at the same warehouse?"

"No, I have not been sick, and yes I am still employed in the same place. I just had some sudden bills, I needed my car fixed and I must have that for work. I have to dress to impress on the directors' floor. They expect you to dress up so as to impress any guests."

"Eve, is the warehouse not on the tube line? I can see you have a good eye for fashionable clothes but I don't see this took up all your rent money. The rents I charge may not seem that low but they are lower than most others. They are only that low because everyone pays their rent or gets out."

There was silence for a while. I did not feel the usual words for tenants seriously late were necessary. Eve understood the consequences of not paying. Eve then asked, "Is there anything I can do to change your mind?"

Was this a flirtatious innuendo? I was not 100% sure though the mere thought it might be caused a further stirring of my sex-starved cock. 

She then made a show of looking sad, getting up slowly and walking towards the door of the room. Something else occurred to me, Eve had almost certainly chosen her half unbuttoned state deliberately - maybe even undoing a couple of buttons as she came up my path? I decided I had nothing to lose and said, "Unless there are any assets you can show me?"

Eve paused, stood straighter, turned and said, "I have two Grade A assets you might be interested in." As she spoke she ran her hands down herself slowly with the palms just down the edge of her breasts and her fingers digging into the fronts, hard over her nipples. Moving down again to trace her waste and hips with a half smile, and an all-knowing look as to the weaknesses of men in her eyes.

"I would have to examine those assets, check they are genuine and ensure no flaws." I added.

"I assure you, the assets are genuine, no flaws and 100% natural home grown," she replied giving it her best sultry voice and looking the best, most beautiful woman I could ever recall meeting.

Eve walked back to where I was sitting undoing one further button as she approached. Then bending over to let me see a small white lacy bra and a large part of those beautiful white full tits even closer. The proportions looked perfect for her body and fully formed. They would be so good to tease and lick and suckle and squeeze and see bouncing. A fact she knew all too well.

"So, are my assets acceptable to you?" she purred.

"You can't be too cautious, a close examination is required."

I reached forward and undid the last two remaining buttons. The shirt gapped open whilst still held at the bottom tucked into her jeans. I tugged the shirt out.

"Now take the shirt off," I requested. She did slowly but confidently and let it drop to the ground behind her. Bending down again to give me a good view.

"Now the bra." Eve hesitated momentary then did as requested, again confidently.

She was stunning. Her breasts were a snowy vision of perfection that I could never imagine tiring of. The skin was so pale as to be almost translucent with the blue veins showing through. Protruding out firmly, whilst looking entirely natural as she had said. The areola were small and like her nipples, a very light pink. The nipples already stimulated, were now starting to grow and darken as she stood in front of me. I really wanted to ravish the woman, entering her pussy from the front with her below, her on top, I wanted her from behind, from the side. I could not remember a time I was so desperate for a woman I had met. My prick hard to the point of pain constrained inside of my trousers. Now for haggle time! I hoped she was not so over confident that we would fail to make a suitable arrangement.

Eve had dropped the little girl lost pretence too. "So, I can see that you like what you can see. Suppose I was to release that big prick of yours and give you a blow job that you will never forget will you agree to wait a couple of weeks for the rent?" Eve had a big smile on her face.

"No. Your offer will have to be a lot better than that," I replied quietly.

"So, to get a deal on the rent you're saying I have to let you into my cunt, to fuck me today. Then we have a deal?"

"No," I replied.

"So, this was all a game just so you could see my tits and jerk off to the memory tonight! I'm done, do your worst over the rent," she spat out in a low voice full of anger. 

"The way I see it is that if I were to fuck you, as a one off fuck then come next month you still would not be able to pay your rent which would make it the most expensive fuck of my lifetime."

Eve flushed, very angry, put her shirt on and buttoned it up , stuffed her bra in her bag and started to walk out the door. I said quietly, "I did not say we could not do a deal, just not that one. Eve, supposing I could offer a way that you could earn your rent, and back rent?"

She stopped and turned, "Oh, yeah? What would I have to do for that? Get it in my ass, spit roast with your friends, work on the street?"

I cursed and looked at my phone. "People always phone when you are right in the middle of something, don't they?" I tapped the screen a couple of times and returned the phone to my shirt pocket.

"My proposition involves you having sex only with me, the last thing I want to do is share you with anyone else and I promise no pain, no humiliation. The difference is that to earn your rent you need to spend two nights and one full day with me per week. Every week of our agreement would be equal to two week's rent."

I took a breath watching her face carefully. There was still anger there, but not outright rejection. I continued, "I am mainly interested in relatively straightforward commonplace sex. Different positions for sure, as many of them as possible. I would like a little bit of light bondage, nothing severe, different places including a few times outdoors. Either of us can end the agreement at any time and you rent will be calculated pro-rata if that happens."

"Where is the contract in triplicate for me to sign?" She replied dryly.

"Eve, I like you..." I started.

Eve interrupted, "You like my big tits, and can't wait to cum in my tight cunt is the real truth. You sound well practiced in doing this with your tenants. Sorry to disappoint, but I'm not going to be you whore every week just to cover my rent."

"Eve, I have got to be able to judge people fairly well. You came here planning to use sex to get off paying your rent. You perhaps hoped you might get off with a blowjob, maybe with the promise of another to come. You were more than ready to fuck me though. So lets not pretend you're the innocent and I'm the big bad devil. The only thing we are discussing is the financial value of each fuck."

Her face was red with anger. By calling her out I thought I had odds of about 3 to 2 we would do a deal. If I was wrong this was where she would storm out. She continued to stare at me, flushed and breathing a little heavily. After a few moments Eve relaxed a little saying, "Just for the hell of it, tell me all those details you have worked out as to how this would go down, especially about no pain, no humiliation. Then tell me about those sexual fantasies you expect me to fulfil and those money terms again."

I saw in her face that she was seriously considering the deal. My thoughts were carnal in the extreme. I'm going to have her in every room in the house, stair as well. I wanted to start now, to rip her clothes off and start this second. The thoughts showed on my face and I was certain elsewhere on my body. I forced myself to slow down. Let's make sure of our understanding my experience warned me.

"The sex I want is consensual," I said. There was a dry laugh from Eve. 

"Let me be clear then, I am not into inflicting pain or controlling. I would ensure the sex was enjoyable for you."

"That's big of you. Salve's your conscience does it when you blackmail me like this? What else, you want me to cry out like those porn stars?" Eve imitated a high American female voice, "Oh Dave you're so big you make me cum like no other man ever has." 

Ignoring the taunt, I continued, "How can it be blackmail? I am offering you choices. You signed a contract agreeing to pay me rent. You can keep to your original contract, you can end it and pack, or you can agree a variation on it, agreeing to pay me by means of personal services rather than hard cash. The choice is entirely yours. "

Eve, still flushed, making her look hot in both senses, shot back at me, "You know I don't have the money so that's a lie, there's no choice."

"Eve, you are an adult, it was your choice to spend the rent money on other things. It is your choice now whether you give up the apartment, you work nights in McDonalds, you work on the streets to pay me off, you take out a loan, or you take me up on my offer - entirely your choice. It does bring up one other matter though. If we are to do this, your active co-operation is required in full. If you act as a spoilt, sullen lifeless body, then the deal will be off immediately."

Eve tensed and for a moment I thought she was going to slap my face. The tension eased a little then. Eve had been standing for some time and now flopped down on the chair. She studied a point on the floor between us for some time thinking, then looked at me with those gorgeous green eyes, studying me, assessing me.

"Just supposing I was to agree, tell me more about my expected duties?"

"When you are here then as we have discussed I would like sex with you several times each visit in different places, the floor the chair, the bed, wherever. It would be as many times as reasonable - I do not propose some Viagra sex marathon or gymnastic marathon, just natural sex. Maybe it would amount to perhaps 3, 4 maybe 5 orgasms for me. I don't know your body yet but I would hope it might be more for you. In between I would expect us to do some normal things together, eat, drink, talk, watch movies. I like the company of women. No pain, no humiliation is my promise. Oh, also, because I like women's bodies, I would determine what you could wear, I'd expect a lot of the time you would be entirely or mainly naked. No clothes in bed is an absolute rule."

Eve stared at me, I think trying to imagine this in her mind. After a long pause she said, "OK. Now talk some more about working off the rent."

"A quick question first, is there a significant other. A lover who may become jealous, who may demand to know where you are at any time?" Eve confirmed there was not anyone recently.

"OK, here is what I suggest. We start right away as a trial for both of us. Tonight can cover the part week at the beginning of last month. Then at the weekend, we can either do Friday night all of Saturday and Saturday night or do Saturday night, Sunday and Sunday night and that will be half of last month paid."

"Hold on though, by the time I have covered the six weeks I owe you another three weeks will have passed so I'll owe your more weeks of sex." Eve was correct for in a few days time another month's rent would be due and she had already confirmed she did not have the money. By the time she finished working off her debt we would be close to a further month's rent due and who could tell her position then? 

"I guess I have no choice, so OK then", Eve said and pouted.

"I want to hear you say that you agree to settle your rent by coming here for two nights and one day and consenting to have sex with me whilst here," I responded.
