 MF, Interr, Oral

My 3 year old daughter, Donna has been going to pre-school for a little over a year and she really looks forward to going. We do not have many kids near her age in our neighborhood. Her best friend at pre-school is another girl her age named Jessica. Jessica is African-American. At first I was concerned about them being friends. I grew up in a small town that only had one black family and none of them were close to my age. I admit that I was a little prejudice. But as I watched them enjoying playing together and met and talked to her mother, my opinions and attitude changed. 

I am a single father. My wife left us almost two years ago to be with a rich man that had taken a liking to her, given her a job that had her traveling around the world with him, then seduced her and stole her from us. Jessica's mother, Yolanda had never married. After some time she had told me some about her life as we waited for our kids at the pre-school. Jessica came from her senior year in high school. She was a cheerleader and after a big win she had let one of the first string players talk her into having sex with him. She got pregnant from that only time with him. They never talked about getting married.

Now she was about seven months pregnant with her second child. She had been dating this guy for a couple of months when he found out that she was pregnant he disappeared. For the last several months when I would see her at the pre-school her belly was getting bigger and so were her breasts which were not small to start with. A couple of times she caught me staring at her body. She just gave me a little smile and I looked away.

Today we had set up a play date for the kids at my apartment. Jessica and Yolanda arrived at 3pm and I expected them to stay for a couple of hours while the girls played. They went straight to Donna's room where her toys were and started playing and giggling and having a lot of fun together. Yolanda and I sat in the living room and talked as we listened to be sure everything was good in Donna's room. Mostly we talked about the girls.

Maybe ninety minutes went by and then it got quiet in the bedroom. We got up and went to see what the reason was. When we looked we saw that the girls had fallen asleep. We smiled and went back to the living room. After a few minutes the conversation took a turn. It started with Yolanda asking me if I had a steady girlfriend. I told her that I got a chance to date sometimes but that there was not anyone special. I don't remember how it got to it but Yolanda was telling me about how many pregnant women get extra horny and that it happened more with her than most. She looked in my eyes and slowly opened her legs to where skirt opened and I could see all the way up to her crotch and there was no doubt that she was going commando.

When she saw that I was looking, she pulled her skirt up a little further. The first time I ever heard Yolanda use a dirty word was when she then asked, "Have you ever fucked a pregnant woman?" 

My reply was that the only one was my wife when she was pregnant with Donna. Yolanda laughed and said that she should have thought of that. Then she asked, "Have you ever fucked a black woman?" My answer was no. "Have you ever thought about it?" 

"I'm thinking about it right now" I replied. 

Yolanda got up took my hand and sat us both on the couch. She smiled and pulled her skirt up further as she sat down. "The kids are sound asleep. If you want, we can spend some adult time with each other. I'm super horny right now."

I bent over and gave her a kiss. She didn't really return it. I guess she was thinking more about fucking than making love. Her hand went to my crotch and she squeezed my hardening cock. "Mmmmm, that's a nice piece of man meat." Yolanda unzipped my slacks and worked my prick out of my pants. It wasn't easy with me already having a firm erection. 

After it was out she wasted no time in bending over and slipping her soft thick lips over it. I reached inside her blouse and started squeezing her pregnancy breasts. She was a D-cup before getting pregnant but I was sure she had to be a double D now. She paused long enough to say, "Harder. Squeeze them harder and pinch my nipples." She didn't have to ask twice.

Yolanda was bobbing rapidly up and down the length of my seven inch shaft, keeping her lips tight around it and licking around the head each time I was mostly out of her hot moist mouth. On the down stroke her nose would be buried in my pubic hair. I noticed that my hand on her tit had gotten wet with her colostrum or early milk. I was close to coming so I pulled her off my cock and told her that it was my turn. 

I slipped down onto the floor and positioned myself between Yolanda's legs. With her skirt up around her waist she spread her legs as wide as she could to give me unfettered access to her pussy. I leaned forward and started kissing the insides of her thighs, then worked my way up to her mound. She did not shave down there. I gave her labia a first lick. It was apparent that she had thought that this might happen as she had applied strawberry flavored lube on her inner thighs and her cunt. Yolanda grabbed my head and pulled me tight to her mound. My tongue parted her lips and found her strawberry flavored inner folds. She was soaking wet. She kept holding my head and started rocking her hips as my tongue slid from her fuck hole to her clit and stabbed into her opening. I could hear her making very happy moaning sounds. She had such a tight grip that she was almost pulling my hair out.

It didn't take more than a couple of minutes for me to bring her to her first hard orgasm. Suddenly she exploded and washed my face with girl cum. She bit her arm to help muffle her orgasmic scream so as not to wake the kids. "Fuck me. Fuck me now. I want you in me." I moved up and slid my steel hard cock easily into her dripping pussy. "Yessss!" 

I knew that it was still OK to give her a good fucking from what our doctor had said when my wife was pregnant. I started pounding deep her pussy. We were both moaning and grunting with pleasure. I pulled her blouse neckline down to release her huge tits and started sucking on them as we fucked. Her nipples hardened and grew to almost an inch in length. I was enjoying feeding on the little bit of mother's milk that came from them.

We had been at it for several minutes when there was a noise in my daughter's room. I quickly pulled out without having gotten my rocks off and with Yolanda on the edge of another orgasm but not reaching it. We quickly redressed just as the girls came out of the bedroom. Yolanda and Jessica thanked us for having them over and left for home.

The next day Yolanda called and told me that her sister would babysit both girls for a night if I wanted her to come over for an adult sleepover play date. We agreed on the next Friday night.