 Last night of the show, final pack down, flowers and champagne on stage, everyone emotionally shattered. It was a great run and playing to a packed house each night was amazing. Tiring, but amazing. The girls had been fantastic and we couldn't have picked a better, more cohesive, enthusiastic and social group, especially considering our ages.

Jeff was 42 and I took the role of elder statesman at 46. We'd known each other for years and spent a lot of time acting in each other's plays. Slowly and surely they'd received more critical acclaim and the desire to be part of our productions, especially the collaborations, had grown and grown. When the opportunity for young, talented actresses to audition for a play set in the highlands of Scotland we were inundated with beautiful young Scots with soft, sensual accents. Many turned up baring as much as they dare in the hope that we weren't as professional as you might hope and would employ them to get a cheap screw.

It was tempting, but for me at least those girls' images went in the bank and those lonely evenings after the auditions were filled with dreams of young girls and old man's fantasies.

Spirits had been high on stage as the girls, all 8 of them, had brought the show to a close. Brea had grasped Jeff as the final curtain call was taken, pulled him close, gave in an intense kiss and shouted

"The producer"

Rapturous applause.

I'd looked across at Isobel who raised her eyebrows theatrically at Brea and winked at me. Isobel was pretty, deep red-haired and always wore a mischievous smile. The nicest girl you could possibly meet, she was resolutely happy with her size 12 figure, a confident tease, and the owner of the most amazing shapely bust.

Isobel's role in the play meant she'd had to dress in a loose fitting strappy top, with no bra. She'd worn denim hot pants to boot and her perfect figure had given me too much to think about on too many occasions over the past 8 weeks.

She was often the last to be dressed and out, not because she was slow but because she was always sorting everyone else out, heling with their hair, finding their lost phones, knickers and makeup and generally being the mum of the group despite her young age of 23. I had often spent time chatting to her at the door to the dressing room as she pulled on her jeans or gathered the last of her bits to take home and more than a few times we'd whiled away the hours in the bar.

But tonight was the last night. It was unlikely I'd see her any time soon and I was going to miss her company. She was being slower than ever tonight, having taken photos of the girls for each other, made sure everyone had all of their stuff and that hers, at least, was in a pile ready to bag up.

The corridor was empty and everyone else was already out on the town. They'd text Isobel to let her know where to head when she finally emerged so I knew they wouldn't be on their way back. I entered the room, still chatting to her. Close by now she bent over to lace her long leather boots. I was fixated by the site of her shapely ass sticking up in my direction. I moved closer. It seemed as if she was poised, waiting for my touch for what seemed like hours.

I lightly connected with the waistband of her denim shorts and traced a line around to the soft but jagged protrusion of her hip. She didn't move. A second hand etching its way towards her left side and as I made contact I realised she had all but stopped lacing her extraordinarily high-heeled boots. With the smallest of movements I felt her soft ass push against my crotch and I edged almost imperceptibly closer, aware of the gently hardening rod inside my pants.

With the faintest of quivers she shook the loose top from the friction holding it to her body for gravity to reveal the pale, freckled expanse of her back. Still caught against the mass of her invitingly copious bosom I traced a line up her spine, breaking away to gently release the fabric of her top and allow the enormous bulbs of swaying flesh to hang clear of her pert belly.

Softly forcing my hands in under the remaining fabric I lifted it over her head to allow it to fall to the floor. She stood, now taller than usual in her heels, and slid her back against my chest feeling behind her for the thick rod now clearly evident below my waist. Expertly she undid the clasp of my jeans and let them fall to the floor. I kicked them away whilst keeping this beautiful young Scottish girl's trembling flesh as close to as I possibly could. Spreading my hands out over her abdomen and slowly allowing them to glide up to the overhang of her gently swaying breasts I cupped them in my hands and pulled her closer. The overflowing flesh worked its sensual way between my fingers and I squeezed tighter as I felt her hardening nipples and huge puffy areolae against my palms.

The sound of her moaning at the mercy of my touch sent me into overdrive. I ripped away my shirt and forced her shorts down to find she had spent all evening without underwear. My hands mapped a smooth line up her white thighs to moist conjugation at their peak. My finger broke her heated seal and she moaned as I slid one, then two and three fingers a small length inside of the pulsating folds of her tender pussy.

She struggled to stand as her legs pleaded with her to be allowed to give way and as she won the battle of wills she bent at the hips to offer me her soaking vagina. I poised my cock hungrily between her legs and inching closer and closer to the desire of my sexual intent I slid between her warm, well lubricated legs. Bending further over, allowing her enormous breasts to swing clear of her body she opened her legs and her body embraced my waiting cock.

Grasping at her flesh I pulled her closer, pushing deeper and deeper inside her and working my throbbing member hard into her sweet, young body. Harder and harder I thrust into her as she dragged my hands from her hips to her belly to her pendulous tits. A shudder ran deep through her body as I grasped at the swaying mounds of flesh and pushing deeper I pinched at the thick nipples perched atop her incredible assets. She tensed, her whole body electrified by the sensation, connected from breast to intruding bone. She moaned deep and hard as she ground her pussy hard into my crotch before shaking violently, screaming in ecstasy as my 10 inch rod speared her most intimate parts. Pain and pleasure mixed in unison to lead her to tense her whole body. The waves of pressure rode down my shaft and the feeling exploded into my balls as I burst firing thick creamy pools of cum deep into her so hard I was surprised she could still stand.

Her sexual allure caused an almost unimaginable climactic force inside of me and I pump her full of every last droplet of seamen inside of me. Loose from the onslaught of my passionate lust her body became limp and I slid from the folds of her aching pussy letting a trickle of our intertwined juices to make its way gently down the insides of her legs. She allowed the flow to continue to her boots knowing that she would soon be in the club with the sticky feel of the night's action against her leg. She gave a dirty wink to me before dropping to her knees and lapping at my half-limp member to clean me of any intimate juices and, sucking one ball into her mouth, then the other she fed on every available part of me.

With a long, drawn out final lick of the length of my flaccid cock she sat back on the old carpet. A small trickle of juices pooled on the floor between her legs as she sensually ran her fingers up over her belly to cup her massive, fleshy tits. Her dark nipples poked out through her fingers and her palms barely covered her areola. She closed her eyes and smiled.

"Take it in. I want you to remember this and know that you'll never cast anyone like me again" she said.