 "The kids are at Kyle's," my wife said, picking up the keys and heading out of the door. "Can you pick them up? I have to go back to the office."

Kyle's, okay. A couple of blocks away. I left the car in the drive and walked over. It was a warm day, typical for Sacramento in June, and I was wearing my usual summer rig of shorts and a Hawaiian shirt. 

Kyle's mom answered the door. 

"Uh, hi," she said. "My husband just took them downtown to get an ice cream. They'll be a while." 

"Oh, well..." I hesitated. She smiled and opened the door wider. "Come in anyway." She offered me her hand. I took it. Her fingers were long and cool. 

"I'm Lisa. Drink?" 

"Hugh...Sure." 

I'd met Kyle's mom...Lisa... a couple of times at school events and kids' parties. She was medium height, shoulder length black hair tied back. Late thirties, I would guess, but in nice shape: slim, smallish boobs, shapely ass. Especially as this afternoon she was wearing some jeans shorts and an old t shirt. Too loose to be Daisy Dukes, but fitting enough to look nice. I could imagine a firm, compact body under that shirt. 

She turned to walk to the kitchen and threw a smile over her shoulder as she did so. I admired her ass as she walked away. Interesting, I thought. 

There was a bar counter between the kitchen and the rest of the room, which opened onto the patio. She was standing by the bar, holding a bottle of margarita mix. "There's some ice tea, too..." 

"A margarita is just fine." 

We chatted as she finished mixing the drinks and handed me one. Our fingers overlapped again. I perched myself on a barstool and she leaned on the counter next to me. We got to talking about fitness and workouts. She was standing close to me, the air thick with tension; I could smell her hair. She put a fingernail lightly on my knee, and traced the muscle a few inches up my thigh. It was all the signal I needed. I put my hand on the small of her back and pulled her gently in and we kissed softly once, twice on the lips, then her mouth opened and sought mine and we kissed hungrily, deeply, tongues moving together, lips finding each other. 

Her hands were on my chest, and I slipped one hand inside the back of her shirt, feeling her spine, another on her firm butt. I broke from her mouth to kiss her face, her eyes, her neck as she moved her head, sighing with desire. 

I shifted a little on the stool so my legs were apart, Lisa was standing between them, as we carried on kissing each other with abandon. I felt one hand travel down my chest, over my hip and down my thigh, stop at the knee and stroke it in circles. Then it started to move back up again...this time along the inside of my thigh, until she was cupping my tight balls through my shorts, then running her fingertips along the length of my rigid cock as if she were trying to measure it by pressing fabric around it. 

Our tongues probed each others mouths as Linda stroked and squeezed my cock and I felt her ass. Then she stepped back and started tugging at my belt, loosening it. I leant back against the bar and let her unzip me and pull down my shorts. 

"Mmm...I like those..." she said, rubbing the bulge in my fitted boxers. She kissed me slowly on the lips again then slipped her fingers into the waistband and pulled them down. My cock sprang free and I sighed as Lisa lightly stroked it with her fingertips. 

"mmm does that feel good?" she whispered in my ear. 

"Oh yeah...that's great..." I whispered back. 

Then she was down on her knees, teasing me with little kisses on the insides of my thighs before planting her tongue on the base of my cock and slowly running licking all the way to the top. Her tongue swirled around the head then slipped between her lips and she sucked me in, long and slowly, her lips peeling me back (I'm uncut), taking me as deep as she could. Then she slowly pulled back, until her lips ran over the ridge of skin around the head. 

"Oh, that's so good..." I moaned as she slowly sucked me in and out, spreading and swirling her tongue on my cock, sometimes pulling out to flick tip with her tongue. 

Lisa pulled my cock all the way out of her mouth, then kissed the shaft, giving it some playful nibbles before turning her attention to licking and sucking my balls. I've always loved ball play...so sensual and at the same time, you're putting your life inside someone's teeth...literally. Lisa gave them some gentle treatment before going up to kiss and nibble my stomach then back to my cock. 

By this point I couldn't hold on much longer and my body stiffened...she picked up the cue and pulled back so her lips where just around the head as I gasped and let fly a jet of cum into her mouth. I shuddered and held her head as a second then a third wave came through, while she gently cupped my balls and swallowed. As I faded she sucked gently up and down, then took her mouth away and milked the last drops by hand into her open mouth. 

Lisa sat back on her heels, licked her lips and smiled at me. Then she stood up, and leaned into me, a hand on my still-firm cock. I could taste my cum as we kissed again. 

A car door slammed in the driveway. Lisa stepped back and took a sip of her margarita, watching innocently while I hastily pulled up my shorts and stuffed myself back inside. 

When the kids burst in we were sitting by the bar, chastely apart, sipping our drinks and chatting. Linda's husband came in with a "Hi" and a handshake to me, then kissed his wife. Then he paused, looked her in the eye and kissed her again, full on the mouth. For a moment they shared some private joke. Lisa looked over his shoulder at me, and winked.