 My new basement has just been completed and I'm eager to use it - for my own pleasure - with you. So, I send you a text at work that morning saying that I want you to come home an hour early. While you're seated at your desk, a photo arrives on your phone. It's me, dressed in lingerie, wearing impossibly high heels, bold red lipstick and holding a blindfold in my hand. Then I send you a second pic, of my feet, freshly pedicured with harlot red polish......both pix make you incredibly excited and nervous at the same time and despite both, your cock instantly rises and remains stiff all day - a heady reminder of what lies in store for you later. You can barely contain your excitement as the day just seems to drag from one slow moving meeting and conference call to another. You are eager to get home to your naughty baby and all that she has planned. 

Finally, it's quitting time and you jump in the car and head home. As you walk up the front walkway, you see that the door is slightly ajar. You push it open and you can hear the strains of Lakme's "Flower Duet" playing on the stereo. Its haunting, lilting melody is erotic and tingle-inducing, setting the stage perfectly. You close the door behind you and follow the trail of rose petals and softly burning candles I've left for you. They lead you into the bedroom and ultimately to the master closet's secret door that guards my sexy secret....the playroom! 

Cautiously, you descend the steps but I am nowhere to be found. As you reach the bottom step my voice commands you to stop. You look over and see me emerging from the shadows from behind a wall of flickering candles. I am wearing my high black heels, garter belts and stockings, a black lace thong and skimpy black lace bra that barely conceals my hard, rosy nipples. Your breath catches in your throat at the sight of me and I can see your gorgeous cock hard and proud beneath your work slacks. There's no denying that you're incredibly turned on and that you want me. I smile, revealing my straight white teeth framed by crimson lips - you're frozen on the spot, unsure of what to do next. I walk languidly over to you and pause before you, kicking off my shoes so that you can see and admire my soft, slim feet. I lean up to your mouth and pull your head down to savor a warm, insistent kiss. I love the feel of my lips on yours and we stay locked in that embrace for what seems like hours. You groan and move to pull me toward you, but I stop you and stand back. "Take your clothes off," I command and you willingly oblige. Once you're naked, I step back to admire your tall, lean and muscular body. Beautiful shoulders, strong arms, perfectly shaped pecs, hard sexy nipples and that delicious, ramrod straight cock.....all begging for my touch. 

I order you to drop to your knees and you do. I step behind you and fasten a blindfold to cover your eyes. Instantly, your senses are heightened and you're stock still, listening and sensing for what may come next. While you're kneeling, I lean down to pinch and tug on your nipples, making them harder and more sensitive. The feeling is divine and you moan, registering the pleasure/pain as it travels down to the tip of your now pulsating cock. You are a sight to behold - naked, wanting and all mine - mine to command, mine to use....and I want to ravish every handsome inch of you. 

I take your hand and pull you up and lead you to the bed and have you lie down on your back. Silently, I fasten your wrists above your head to the headboard and do the same with your ankles to the footboard. Once you are securely bound, I open the bedside toy drawer and remove a pair of adjustable nipple clamps. The feel of the cold metal against the sensitive tips of your nipples makes you groan out loud, but I clip them on anyway, knowing how aroused they will make you as they pinch and pleasure your sentsitive nubs. By now your cock is raging and practically begging to be sucked. But before I do, it's time to tease you a little first. I bend down over your parted lips and kiss you, slowly at first, then building to a more intense kiss where our tongues entwine and devour each other. You are straining against the bonds now, trying desperately to pull me to you....but you can't. I break the kiss and pull away and you lay back, frustrated. I smile to myself at how much I am enjoying the exquisite torment of my man. Next, I sit back and slowly touch my feet to your chest, gently caressing your skin, rubbing my soles and toes across your clamped nipples, down your stomach, to your sides and just below your belly button. Your mouth parts and your head falls back as you enjoy the feeling of my soft feet painting your skin with pleasure. 

After a few minutes, I then straddle your chest and dip my breasts down to hover just above your waiting mouth. I tease your lips with my hard nipples, brushing them across your mouth and chin. You strain upward to try and reach them but I pull away and frustratingly, they are always just out of reach. I go on teasing you this way until you can bear it no longer and I lower my breasts to your waiting mouth and allow you to get your fill of my hard and throbbing peaks. Greedily, you nip and suck at them, loving the feel of them growing ever harder in your mouth. This feels amazing to me too, and I let you worship them for a while longer. When I finally pull away, you seem sad, almost bereft at their absence. Shifting higher on your chest, I position my now dripping pussy over your face, letting you take in the warm, honeyed scent of me. You open your mouth to accept my clit and I allow you to pleasure me with your tongue and lick my glistening slit until I am bucking and moaning with desire against your hungry mouth. I ride your face for a while, grinding my pussy against your beautiful lips, and letting you search and taste me with your impatient tongue. Before you can get too into it, however, I pull away, frustrating you even more. 

I look down the entire length of your prone, sexy body and can no longer ignore the glorious cock that has been begging for attention for what seems like eternity. You hear the squeezing of a bottle of liquid as I apply a generous amount of lube to my hand. Warming it first, I soon grasp your throbbing cock at the base and begin to work my firm hand up and down your shaft - from root to tip. I know you don't like it too rough and I give it to you gently at first - sliding my slick fist up and down, up and down and occasionally over the crown, eliciting sharp moans and gasps from you as I do. I work agonizingly slowly, prolonging the build up and stretching your every nerve taut as I take you up, up, up towards climax. When I sense you're close, I stop, releasing your cock and you let out a deep growl of displeasure. I laugh out loud, thoroughly enjoing your pleasure and discomfort at your stinging nipples and pulsating cock. After a minute, I take your cock in hand again and slowly begin moving up and down, starting the process all over. This time, I rub my thumb on the underside of your deliciously shaped head, working the underside of the crown with deliberate slowness. Your hips buck and lift off the bed as you try to make sharper contact with my hand, but I pull back and let you come down a bit before starting up again. I edge you like this for a while, taking you right to the brink, stopping, and then bringing you back again. Your breath is coming in short gasps and you are panting now, every fiber of your being wanting desperately to cum. But I'm not finished with you yet. 

After a few moments, you hear the squeezing of the lube bottle again preceded by the snap of a latex glove. Your whole body goes still until I grasp your rockhard cock and begin my slow up and down movements once again. As I'm stroking your cock, you suddenly feel a finger enter your tight ass and you inhale sharply at the new sensation. You relax immediately, however, as my stroking continues unhurried, but with a firmer grip this time. As I slide my slippery hand up and down your shaft, my finger moves slowly and rhythmically inside your ass, pressing on your prostate. You are overcome with sensations - tight, burning nipples that blaze a trail down to your cock, my hand relentlessly stroking you and taking you to the edge, and the unbelieveable pleasure that my finger is creating in your ass. You are moaning uncontrollably now and I gaze down at your handsome face, thrilled at your response and how much this is turning you on. 

After several minutes of bucking, and writhing and struggling against the shackles, I begin working on you harder and faster. Your breathing is ragged as I take you up again, up, up, building you toward your ultimate release. With my finger working your ass and my other hand rhythmically jerking your swollen cock, you finally release your hot load - shooting high into the air over and over as you cum violenty, loudly and liberally in my hand, your ass clenching around my finger as you climax. 

When you return to Earth, I unfasten the clamps, and shackles, kiss you and curl my body next to yours and stroke your face. You snuggle up behind me, wrapping me in your arms, and we both gratefully sink off to sleep, warm, entwined, and very very satisfied.