 Golden light shone through glass onto Matthew's face as dawn ushered in a new day's beginning. With one squinting eye, Matthew met it with annoyance and turned to face the other side of the bed. Slow and groggy, his mind took time to establish his surroundings and process his vision. Underneath the soft duvet, his head resting on a large fluffy pillow, he could make out the bare shoulder blades of a woman and her short blonde hair. Memories made their way through his thoughts; the drive home from work, the greeting from Jessica upon arrival the sight of his wife pleasured by another man, and the mind-blowing sex he had with her eager best friend who now slept right beside him. He watched her body rise and fall while her breathing cycled, recalling all the things she had done to him along with the things she led him to do. Despite the common occurrence of morning wood, his early rise hardon was a result of thinking about how it felt to pin Jessica down and fuck her; how it felt to unleash that raw animal side of him he now knew he possessed. It made his stomach flutter, just thinking about the nature of his orgasms. 

Lying comfortably whilst letting one's mind race was natural and even irresistible at times. But a man such as Matthew tended to feel guilty wasting that time past a certain limit. He pushed himself up on one elbow and stretched his arms high and wide as the covers fell away from his upright torso. His attention turned to somewhere outside his confined space; through Jessica's picture windows, beyond the estate's garden, past the fences separating House Vargo and House Turnback, onto the curtained windows that hid away lovely Natalie and her supposed new boyfriend Kevin. Matthew smiled, remembering how much his wife hated the morning sunlight waking her up. On generic days, he would tiptoe down the staircase to the kitchen and make himself a small breakfast, maybe even one for her before he left. Sometimes she would wake up, too, and turn his dull routine into a playful mix of banter and mischief. It felt off not to have her body cuddling his before starting his day. 

Minutes passed and Matthew remained sitting on the edge of the bed looking out the window while he pondered his options. He could go home and confront his wife, but Kevin would be there and he would either interfere or make things awkward, plus there was the well known fact that Mr. Turnback wasn't very adept at physical confrontation. No, he would not be the one to make the first move. His wife must play the conciliatory role this time. 

When he looked at his phone and read the time the urge to push himself up and get moving engulfed him. It was getting around the time he would be quite ready to drive to the office, and Matt wasn't known for tardiness. Feet touched warm, sunbathed carpet as he paced the room, silently searching for articles of clothing familiar to him. His host shifted slightly in her sleep, sighing delicately, curled up like some innocent housecat. In truth, he didn't care if he woke her; he had more pressing matters on his mind, one being that he must ignore everything to do with his cuckolding until he was done fulfilling his duties as Mayor's Assistant. The professional in him opted to clear his head of any distractions while on the job and deal with all the bizarre drama later, when he returned. Hopefully, his new sexual rival will have departed by then. 

Pulling his pants up and buckling his belt, his peripheral vision noticed more movement from the bed. 

"I like you with just pants." The voice was fragile coming from a dry throat. 

Head tilted to one side, biting her lip, Jessica smiled and stretched in the same manner her guest had earlier. She was bare nude under the sheets. 

"I have to get to work," He replied sternly, fixated now on the buttons of his recovered shirt. 

In the corner of his eye, elegant legs found their way to the side of the bed and painted toes met the floor gracefully. Seamlessly, Jessica walked into her bathroom and turned the tap on. The best thing to do was to be out of her bedroom, out of her home, as soon as possible so he finished buttoning his shirt up, grabbed his jacket, and decided to put his socks and shoes on downstairs. 

"Matty!" she called out, suddenly. 

"What?" 

"You aren't going like that, are you?" 

Matthew pondered a second before responding. "Like what?" 

"You haven't showered yet!" 

It had already crossed him that this was not going to be a normal day. There was no way he was risking running into Kevin on his way out from ploughing Natalie in their bedroom. He had two choices; he could shower here, which he was uncomfortable doing for more than one reason, or he could go to the office looking and smelling like a homeless wall street broker. Jessica had appeared before him again, and she looked like she was measuring him up with those two blue gems of hers. 

"You were going to go to work without changing? Nooo, silly, I have some spare clothes if you want..." 

"No, it's fine," He said nervously, his hands trying to signal her to stop. 

"I'm sure Jeff wouldn't care!" 

Before he could ponder who Jeff might be, she grabbed his arm and pulled him towards her bathroom door. As Matthew entered, he took in one of the most lavish bathrooms he had ever been in. The size alone rivaled the bedroom's, with a large ceramic tub in the middle resting on tile flooring. On both sides of the bathroom were furniture made from some exotic wood Matthew probably couldn't even pronounce; to his right a dresser, with it's vanity mirror and storage cabinets, and to his left the glass shower unit and the toilet. The sink, wide as it was, was on the same wall as the door, next to the dresser. The two ends of the bathroom seemed to oppose each other thematically, divided in the middle by different coloured tiling. Light came in from a lone slider that faced the entrance directly. He wondered why there were no curtains, but then again, there were no houses across from the view overlooking the backyard, its greenery and all. Besides which, somehow he couldn't imagine a woman like Jess caring about the likelihood of peeping toms. 

Jessica let go of his arm and closed the door behind her. "Go on. You don't want to be late. I will fetch you those clothes," her slightly muffled voice proposed. Matthew stripped, placed his garments on the sink countertop, stepped into the shower and braced himself for a wave of cold water hitting him top to bottom. Eventually, his body adapted to the temperature and he began scrubbing and washing himself as well as possible within a reasonable time period. The bathroom door swung once more and an arm dropped a fresh new outfit for him on the bath rug. To his surprise, his wife's naked best friend then walked and naughtily snuck to the shower unit. 

"What are you doing?" 

"I have to get ready too! It'll save time." 

"Jessica, please, I don't have time for this." 

Completely ignoring his wishes, she stepped into the cold water which quickly dampened her hair and made her gasp. 

"Jesus! That's cold!" 

She was awfully close to him now; calves brushed against his, nipples tickling his chest, hair poking his neck, she hugged him like she sought shelter from rain. All these mixed sensations clouded his head and he gave up suppressing the erection that now poked against her stomach. Instinctively, her hands fondled the boner while her eyes penetrated his, hot breath tingling his chin as she murmured seductively. 

"Still want me to leave?" 

Knees were shaky. Heart thumped in his chest. Matthew froze but not as a product of icy water flowing down his back. He made no objections when Jess teased his lips with hers and rubbed her body against his. As he became more accepting of the situation his hands landed on her firm ass and pulled her closer. Her lip play turned into sensual french kissing. It felt different this time. She wasn't displaying cold, hard lust and the need for pure physical satisfaction. Her touch felt warmer, more caring; like they were familiar lovers. Maybe they had become so. The way her tongue danced around with his was soft and playful, not aggressive and dominating. One of her hands wandered off, feeling its way down to his balls. Her mouth abandoned his and teased his cheeks and neck instead while she moaned in delight at his fingers rubbing against her; some on her left nipple, some at her clitoris. Matt was infatuated, at that moment, with how perfect Jessica's body was. His gaze circled her slender form and found next to no flaws; an abdomen that was muscular and slim, breasts that were not large but just the size to compliment her stature, and toned thighs and glutes that showcased hours of calisthenics.. 

"Turn around. I'll be quick, gotta get you to work." 

At first, he hesitated. Then, as she maneuvered his waist, he obliged and faced the wall with the shower head on it, water streaming down the top of his head. Her arms came around his sides and her pelvis pushed up against his ass. His senses burned anew when her left fingers touched his nipple and her right hand stroked his wet penis. His torso bent forward and he felt her follow his motion, pressing as close to him as she could till she could rest her head on his back. 

"Mmm. Does that feel good?" 

"Yes," he breathed. Her finger lightly flicked his nipple, distracting him from her other motives. Matt felt alarming stimulation near his nether region. "Relax." She whispered, kissed him one last time on his back and knelt behind him clutching his ass cheeks. His anus was now vulnerable to her, and unexpectedly his level of discomfort only subsided as she traced his backside with her delicate fingers. To her surprise, he was very much clean shaven down there; a few people must have poked around here before her, she thought. Pushing her index finger inside and stroking his cock with her other hand earned her an initial groan. His grunts turned to moans, as he acquainted with the pleasure of cold penetration. For a moment worry overcame him when he realised he would be very late to his job. But all anxiousness surrounding his responsibilities faded in an instant, as they lately have when Jess was involved. Dizziness threatened to break his balance and cause him to slip as she overwhelmed him with bliss. Knees on the hard tile, ass resting on her feet she pressed deeper now with her index and middle fingers whilst eagerly sucking on his testicles and jerking him off. 

Loud moans came, noises Matthew never heard himself make; noises not normally heard from a man. After a minute or two, Jess stroked faster and reconsidered where her mouth should be. Icy and wet, her tongue plunged inside him and licked his walls. It was strange how, at times like these, random thoughts plagued him. His mind wandered and thought of Natalie and how she had never done anything like this to him before. In fact, this was the first time anyone had given him a rimjob and it felt heavenly. His wife had made love to him, made him feel happy. Jessica, it seemed, was more likely to push him, instill in him filthy desire and passion he never thought possible. In some ways, they both provided things the other did not. He felt as though he might be going through what she went through as well, when she was satisfied by Kevin; he couldn't help but compare his only two sexual partners. Perhaps as well, women like Jessica and Natalie could not be confound to one lover. Matthew would be fine with that, except he feared how it would feel to him in the long run to be in such a relationship. Being monogamous with Natalie was all he knew; he did not have a promiscuous past like she did. 

He felt his boner twitch and a familiar feeling; the expectation of sweet release. Quickly, he turned around and interrupted Jessica's licking. She let out a gasp and her hands knowingly grasped his buttocks. With some force he grabbed the back of her head and drove his erection inside her mouth, guessing she might appreciate his assertive action. His fingers ruffled through her short blonde hair when she took him deeper, down to his balls and back to his tip, spurring the seconds to climax. 

"I'm... gonna..." He looked down and the sight of her was enough to trigger his orgasm; eyes narrow with insatiable lust, mouth accepting his cock fully, and hands grasping his wrists as if to pin them in place, his dick pumping down her throat. At some point he felt his legs getting weak so his back rested against the wall, eyelids closed and mouth open. She pulled it out early and let fluid land on her face and hair as she stroked it further till the last drop. 

"I love making you come." She smiled briefly and licked around his shrinking shaft. 

"God... You are amazing," he panted. 

"I know. Now go, let me wash all this off." 

After she rose to her full height and exposed herself to the cool drizzle, he departed the shower unit and dried himself with one of the towels hung behind the door. The chill of exposing his wet skin to air faded as the cotton rubbed against his waist, then his lower half. Significant time had passed, alluded to by the fact that light in the bathroom seemed to protrude through at a steeper angle. On his way out, he grabbed the pile of clothes Jess had left out for him and chose to put them on inside her bedroom instead. They were a 2 piece suit, a white shirt and dark blue tie that matched. Judging from the material and brand, Jeff was no stranger to extravagant attire. Either that, or Jessica liked to dress people up. When he was finished dressing himself, his morning angel emerged with a similar towel round her hips. He was determined to ask her something he had sought answered desperately. 

"Hey... You are on the pill, right?" 

"Mhmm." Her reply accompanied a smirk. "Worried?" 

"Not anymore." 

She approached him and caressed his face gently. "I love getting creampied. And you liked creampieing me. So it's very convenient for when I really like a guy." 

It was quite obvious, from the way Matthew stood motionless and quiet, that he might have been picturing an example of the scenario but with other characters involved. He also, for some reason, was curious as to how she came to know she was turned on by her lovers ejaculating inside her. 

"Thought you'd be in more of a hurry." Her voice snapped him back to reality. 

Ah, right. His cell had a dozen texts he did not wish to read. Understandable, since he was 2 hours late and had missed many meetings. Matthew felt like his chest was being stabbed by invisible daggers, and the anxiety made him want to sit a while and calm himself down. 

"What's wrong?" 

Baffled by her reaction, he stared at her in bewilderment as he realised how oblivious she was to the responsibilities of a government position. 

"Jessica, I've caused the mayor a lot of inconvenience by being this late." 

"Matty," she cooed, stepping around him to look at herself in the mirror hung on the far side of the room. "You don't regret letting me please you, do you?" 

The screen in his hands displayed dangerous frustration: 

Turnback, you had better have a good reason. Are you ill? I was left unprepared for Senator Arthur. Call me now. 

He couldn't move. Having maintained professionalism and reliability all his career, it made his stomach turn to know that he would be depended on less just for one irregular morning. Was the joy he felt during that time worth it? Hell yes. But would the mayor see it that way? Probably not. 

"You could just call in sick. Natalie's always on about you never doing that," she spied him through the mirror as she leaned in and adjusted some of her split ends. "It's a Friday, is he really that busy?" 

That much was true, he had his sick days saved up. For now he remained seated, eyes fixed on his phone, attention somewhere else entirely. He had a lot of thinking to do still, not counting how he would tackle the mess he was in. His gaze turned towards the window and he tried to make out his own house, again. The curtains were open, but there was nobody to be seen. Perhaps he could go home now. God only knew what his wife was doing with that bastard at this very minute. She hasn't texted or called him, which was unlike her. Even so, he wondered what she would say. The bed shook and Matt became aware of Jess planting herself next to him, sitting with one leg crossed and playing with his still moist hair like a mother comforting a child. It must've been clear to her he was distressed, as his hands were clasped together and his head was low between his spread legs. 

"You don't look like you want to go," Her empathetic tone almost sounded genuine. 

"What should I do about Nat?" 

Her hand fell to his shoulder, an affirmation of her compassion. 

"Why are you overthinking happiness? Yesterday, you got off on seeing her with someone else. If you liked it, just accept that." 

"Great point, except that doesn't mean it shouldn't bother me. I might have some fucked fetishes, but that doesn't make it right to cheat on me". 

"She didn't cheat on you. She found out you had cheated on her with Kevin and she wasn't even mad. She was happy you were open-minded. She told me she had an idea you might be bi but she never confirmed it till Kevin came over and told her about you two. He even said you told him you'd been with guys before." Her hand was off his shoulder now as she reclined back away from him, uncrossed her legs. 

"And another thing. This guy is a psycho. I think he stalked me or something; how else did he find out where I live? He came to my home..." 

"I told him!" Jessica was a few inches further from him now, fearing some kind of backlash. He turned to look at her, betrayal in his eyes. 

"What?!" 

"I knew him from my gym! He told me about you and somehow I recognised the description, so. He kind of just asked nicely". 

"Asked nicely?" Matthew noticed his voice was beginning to sound hysterical. Usually, he liked to keep his voice calm and collected so he did just that. "How long have you known him and how close are you that you are comfortable handing out my address to someone like that?" His efforts to keep quieter failed towards the end. 

"Well, I just introduced him and Natalie. I wanted her to know you had been unfaithful, which by the way you seem to be in denial of." She was on her feet now, walking towards her bedroom door. Not allowing her a chance to drop the topic, he got up after her. A glimpse of her ankle told him where to follow as she walked through the hallway right into the room next door. If not for how agitated he was, jeering comments would have been made on how Jessica had converted an extra room into a nearby walk in closet. 

"I found out I liked men, and I wanted to try men. That's not the same as me going out and having sex with other women." 

She ruffled through her hanged outfits, almost unaware there was someone talking to her. "Well, cheating is cheating. I should know. Besides, you tried men for quite a while from what I gather," she said, giggling slightly. Behind her, a sound of irritation caught her ear and so did the footsteps of her guest leaving. 

"Just don't overthink it! She loves you!" 

With fury enveloping him, his pace was quick. Hastefully, he put on his socks and his shoes and made his way through the hallway, down the stairs in loud fashion. He ignored the looks he received and left the house as fast as he could. No sooner had he planted a foot on the pavement then the call from Mayor Bannivan arrived: 

"Sir, I can expl..." 

"Turnback where the fuck are you? You realise I had to reschedule two meetings, one with the guys from AMCOR? Goddamnit! What is it? You sick? I don't wanna hear..." 

The phone barked and barked while he swallowed his pride and held his rage in. Something deep inside him stirred. It was that other side of him; the side that had seen Natalie take a dick and felt craving instead of treachery. The side that turned Jessica into his bitch when she begged him to. At first, he was weary of that side, thought it would only cause him turmoil, make things worse for him. But as time went on, he became more familiar with it and embraced it as a growing part of him. 
