 I'm a believer in the idea that if things happen a certain way, there's a reason and you should just go with it. Say a girlfriend cheats on you... that's pretty shitty, right? Well, say she doesn't cheat, maybe you two get married and she becomes this nagging bitch who drinks and has a shit career.

The point is, there's always a silver lining. I don't believe in soul-mates, fate or any of that crap; my philosophy is much, much simpler. You only have one shot at life, so why waste it? Forge your own path, taking every opportunity that you want, letting lifes trials bounce off you. 

It was the middle of December and Dean, a school friend I had known for over a decade, was throwing a Vegas-themed birthday party for a friend of ours. He insisted we all dress up in our classiest outfits, so being a suit guy, I threw on a tailored grey Hugo Boss suit and headed over.

When I arrived, the first thing I noticed was the two girls greeting me at the door. Both tall, one blonde and one brunette, both in two inch heels, both with decent sized tits. Their outfit, if you could call it that, consisted of a tiny silver tube top that barely covered their breasts and an equally short matching skirt that covered their ass and not much else. I'll be honest, the obvious stripper look clued me in that it was a costume to match the theme. 

"Can I take your coat?" asked the blonde, flashing her brilliant white teeth at me. I chuckled as I very openly eyed her from head to toe. I handed her my jacket and brushed her hand with mine. 

"Let me guess..." I began, taking a moment to examine every inch of her body. "Vegas strippers?" The brunette reached over and placed a set of beads around my neck, smiling at me. 

"I'm Cinnamon," she replied and gestured to her blonde friend. "This is Kandy. We'll be your bartenders and entertainment for the evening!" They were both fairly bubbly and quite obviously a couple years younger than the rest of us. Something about the blonde just wouldn't let me move on from her, so I kept my gaze on her. She started blushing a bit and I raised an eyebrow, but just as the question was forming on my lips, she cut me off.

"Selena, Deans sister. You'd have met me a few years ago when we were both pretty young." My jaw dropped, as cute innocent Selena was here dressed in almost nothing and I was gawking at her. She giggled and I couldn't help but smile, sizing her up. 'Flirtatious, probably single, not entirely sure I care either way.' I thought to myself. 'Shit, why not swing for it?'

"Well Selena, you definitely grew up," I winked at her. "You went from a cute little girl to a tall, slim and sexy woman. I think I'm going to enjoy having you serve me!" The brunette, Cinnamon, was glancing between us, clearly embarassed or uneasy, when a guy I didn't recognize walked up behind her. His hands came around and groped her tits as he said,

"Hey stripper, where's that rum and coke I asked for?" My first reaction was to hit the guy right between the eyes, when I saw Cinnamon push him off and she grunted. "Ugh, at least call me Cinnamon, you ass. Enjoy it while you can, cause tomorrow, I'm back to being YOUR boss!" 

They shared a quick kiss before she was pushing him off, she glanced at me then quickly hurried off to the kitchen. 

"Dating, I assume?" I asked Selena. We watched Cinnamon storming off to the kitchen, bickering with her man. Selena laughed, guiding me towards the kitchen. 

"Yeah... you could say that. I'm not sure why they're together, really..." she commented. "I feel like they could both do better, you know?" I nodded, having a hunch at what she was alluding to. I was trailing behind Selena, thoroughly enjoying the view of her bare, long legs and her perfect, round ass. She turned around and I assumed she caught me staring as she had a smirk plastered on her face.

"What about you?" I asked, drawing attention away from my obvious staring. "Any boyfriends?" She scoffed, placing her hand on my shoulder.

"Now just what kind of woman do you think I am?" I glanced down at her outfit and her gaze followed mine. I sort of shrugged a bit, and her smile turned into a giggle. "Okay, fair enough, I had that coming. In all seriousness, no boyfriend. Just broke up last week, in fact, because he was a lying, cheating scum bag!" I gave her a sad smile, but not wanting to settle on the negativity, looked around quickly. 

The kitchen was filled with a variety of cups ranging from empty to filled with various types of alcohol. On the counter nearest to us, I spotted shot glasses and a bottle of tequila. Selena raised an eyebrow at me and I grinned at her, then quickly poured two shots full of tequila. Handing her one, I toasted,

"To cheating scum bags! Men every where thank you for not holding on to your amazing girlfriends!" She blushed, laughing, but her eyes were locked with mine and I could see the playful look on her face. Feeling particularily confident, I clinked my glass with hers and we downed our tequila. 

The night progressed like all parties do: every one getting so completely hammered that they make bad decisions, say stupid things and laugh about it all. I watched Cinnamon, whose name I later found out was Sam, give the birthday girl a lap-dance. Her and I shared a bit of banter, but otherwise all my attention was on Selena. I danced, drank, laughed and nearly fell down a flight of stairs with her, but the night was nearing it's end. 

I made a few subtle passes at her as the night wore on, but Selena was resilient. I never flat out asked her to come home with me, but she knew I was interested and she wouldn't give in. I think part of her wanted to, but she was still wounded and vulnerable. I resorted to just friendly chatter with her, as she was still an extremely intriguing woman to talk to.

As we were talking, Selena's friend Aubrey approached us.

"Hey Leena, we're heading to McDonald's. You coming?" asked Aubrey. I smiled at her, turning my head to Selena. She locked her eyes with mine and replied, 

"Yeah, I think I will. Meet you outside in a minute?" Aubrey nodded and went to go wrangle up the rest of their entourage. Selena glanced around to see if any one was watching, then moved in close to me and whispered, "Stick around, Kyle, I'll be back soon. Maybe I'll show you how good of a stripper I really am...?" She pulled away, her eyes sparkling with mischief and before I could return with any kind of witty banter, she kissed me full on the lips. Her tongue pushed past my lips, jockeying for position with mine as I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her into me. I don't know how long we kissed for... five seconds? Fifteen? Maybe thirty? 

Aubrey finally returned, pulling Selena off of me. She had an exasperated look on her face, her arms on her hips. I glanced at Selena and we both grinned, not really sure what to say. I straightened my shirt and tie then, looking at Aubrey, said,

"Alright, you can have her back, but I think Selena owes me a dance still!" She winked at me and took off behind Aubrey through the door. I had a permanent grin plastered on my face, happily drunk and enjoying the prospect of a private strip show when Selena returned. 

I went back to the party, socializing and just having a good time, patiently waiting for Selena to return. Eventually, Selena's stripper friend, Sam, caught up with me and dragged me over to the beer pong table. 

"Come on Kyle! Two-on-two, you and me?" she shouted over the music, giggling. I eyed our competition, two beefy guys I had never met, before grabbing a six-pack and filling our cups. 

"Let's do it, it'll be fun to see these guys lose to a girl!" I joked and we all laughed. As is always the case, our beer pong match drew a good crowd as every one piled around the table to watch, cheering us on. I had the advantage since I was paired with a "stripper", though she had an outstanding ass and she was showing plenty of cleavage. She lined up to shoot first, standing in front of me and pushing her ass against my crotch as she bent over, then tossed the ball. I think every guy in the room was too busy staring at her chest, including our competition, as their reaction to her shot was a bit delayed. The crowd cheered as she sank it, making our opponents take a drink.

She sunk the ball and grinded into me a bit as every one was focused on the other side of the table. She slid to the side, catching my eye and giving me a little grin, as the other guy threw the ball. It hit off the table, bounced off the rim of a cup and shot away from the table. Our game continued back and forth, till finally we had 3 cups to their 1. Sam lined her shot up, as she always did, with her ass pressed firmly into my crotch, then threw the ball. It bounced, rimmed a cup and we watched it spin around the edge of the cup like it was trapped in a whirlpool. 

The house rules stated if a ball was spinning inside of a cup, the defenders could blow on it to try and get it out. Our competition, however, had their jaws dropped and their eyes glued to Sam. I glanced over her shoulder, and could just barely see the edge of a pink nipple potruding as she lowered her top just a bit. The cheers from the crowd mixed with the laughter as the guys across from us were crying foul, claiming we cheated. Of course, nobody took them seriously and every one went back to the partying, waiting for another team to step up to challenge us. I wrapped my arms around Sam from behind, lifting her up in celebration.

"We won! I suppose I should thank you for your skills, hm? Even if you did cheat just a bit..." I teased, setting her back down on her feet. She whipped around to look at me, leaned in close and whispered in my ear, "I think you're just upset that you didn't get to see them." I chuckled, raising an eyebrow. She was playing a dangerous game, trying to provoke me while she had a boyfriend. I wasn't the type of guy to typically back down from a challenge and I believed that if a girl chose to cheat, that was her decision, not my fault. 

"Of course!" I replied, not letting her win. "Every guy in this room wanted to tear both you and Selena's clothes off since the moment they walked in." I squeezed her ass, enjoying the squeak she made, then maneuvered through the crowd to get some more beer from the kitchen. She trailed behind me, apparently not satisfied with letting me have the last say. Reaching down to grab a beer from the bucket on the floor, I felt hands wrap around my neck and then a small person jump on my back. 

"Sam, you really don't want to test me," I said, chuckling. I tried to shake her off but she held on tight. I carried her, with my beer, across the house and down the hall to where I saw an open door. I stumbled into the room, the beer taking it's toll on me as Sam was laughing hysterically. She was fairly drunk, so when I finally flipped her off my back onto the bed, she could do little to stop me. Her eyes had a blazing look of determination, then she hooked her bare legs around my waist and pulled me into her. I set my arms down, bracing myself for the fall, glancing down to see that her silver skirt has bunched around her waist. Now, skirts weren't meant for this kind of bending, so as her legs were spread wide to wrap around me, that left me a clear view at her red lace underwear.

"Red? I figured you to be a pink kind of a girl..." I teased, drawing a light slap across the cheek. Not enough to hurt, but enough to make me laugh. I looked her in the eye and saw that her playful smile, the one she had worn all night, had been replaced by a look of determination. I wasn't naive, I knew what that look meant. 

"Sam... I thought you had a boyfriend? In fact," I mused, "isn't he just twenty or so feet away from us?" I kissed her neck, running my hands up and down her sides then trailing my fingers lightly across her hips. She inhaled deeply, eyes closing shut, as she enjoyed the way I felt her up.

"What he doesn't know, won't hurt him..." she whispered, her eyes closed. I chuckled again, deeply amused with this girl. I assumed they were having problems, otherwise why would she be looking for a hook-up? I wasn't one to judge and even though I wanted her friend, there was no reason I couldn't have both of the sexy bartenders in the same night. 

I pulled my hands off her and stood up, shutting and locking the bedroom door. I took my vest and dress shirt off, revealing my bare chest. She had peeled off her small top, revealing those mouth watering little pink nipples that I caught a glimpse of earlier. She opened her eyes and gasped at the sight in front of her, clearly impressed. I wasn't a male model, but I guess it was nicer than what she was used to. She ran her hands all over my abs and chest, feeling the muscles, no doubt getting herself worked up. I finally unzipped my dress pants, letting my boxers fall to the ground with them.

She reached down and wrapped her small fingers around my soft cock, slowly stroking it. "Jesus, Kyle..." she moaned. Chuckling, I took one of her nipples between my finger and thumb. I gave it a light pinch and she moaned, squeezing my cock. Blood rushed to it and I hardened almost instantly, growing further. She loosened her grip as she tried to wrap her fingers around my cock. Gasping, she looked up at me and whispered,

"You're definitely bigger than I'm used to..." Sensing her nervousness, I realized she might not be such a big slut after all. Either that or she was just used to small guys, as I was fairly thick but just a bit over six-and-a-half inches long. I don't have the longest or thickest cock, but I would say its somewhere between average and a little bit bigger than average. 

"Please don't tell my boyfriend?" she whispered, her eyes locked with mine. She had a fiery, wild look in her eye and I knew right then that we would be here for a long time. She sank to her knees, so that my hardening cock was right in front of her face, as she continued to slowly stroke me. The music playing all throughout the house was a good electronic beat, loud enough to drown out most noises. She kissed the tip, smirking up at me as she grabbed the base of my cock firmly. 

I moaned involuntarily as she took the head in, lightly sucking on it as she stroked the shaft. She pulled me out of her mouth, giggling while I moaned quietly, and then she started lapping at my cock like it was an ice-cream cone on a hot summer day. She licked all the way up from the base to the tip, circling her tongue around me, driving me wild with desire.

Sam slurped my cock, taking the whole length down her throat noisily. She was so damn good at sucking cock, she completely distracted me from the reason I sought her out to begin with.

She pulled me all the way out of her mouth, then began sucking on the tip, stroking my cock with her soft, little hands. She was so skilled, I couldn't do much other than completely give in to her. I glanced down her body and saw her ass in the air, one hand was pinching her nipples while the other was stroking my length. Giving in to the lust, I took a deep breath before grabbing the back of her head and holding her against my balls. I could tell she was caught by surprise because she let out a little moan, and her body jolted forward. I reached down with my long arms, grasping her ass. She moaned again, her ass rising higher to give me better access. The lust was swirling through me like a storm; I spanked Sam's tight, little ass and she moaned even louder onto my cock, thrusting the whole length in and out of her mouth so fast. 

I reached further down, beneath her skirt that barely covered her ass cheeks, and slowly stroked her already wet folds. She pulled me all the way out of her mouth, gripping my hard cock in her hand as I brushed her clit with my fingers. 

"Mmmmm fuck," she muttered, her eyes fluttering shut, savouring the feel of it before she realized what she was doing. Her eyes snapped open and she locked them with mine. "This wasn't part of the deal..." she whispered as she continued to jerk me off. Chuckling to myself, I realized she might have a conscience after all. 'Maybe she draws the line at blowjobs?'

"Suck my cock like the naughty little slut that you are!" I whispered in her ear, sliding two fingers knuckle-deep inside of her. I felt Sam shiver as she let out a loud moan, but the angle wasn't good enough for her. She adjusted her position, climbing onto the bed side-ways, my cock right in front of her mouth. She immediately went back to work and the moment my fingers brushed against her wet hole, she sank herself on them. Her moan vibrated against my cock, making me grab her ponytail so I could hold her down on my throbbing member. In hindsight, we were lucky the music was blaring throughout the house, because with all the noise we were making, someone would definitely have heard us otherwise.

"You're such a dirty little slut, aren't you Sam?" I asked, savouring the feel of her warm mouth on me. "Mmmhmmm..." came her muffled moan from around my thick cock. She was sucking it obediently, losing herself in our moment of wanton lust.

"Where do you want my cum you bad, bad girl?" I asked, fingering her while using my thumb to rub her clit. She pulled her head off my cock, trying to look at me as her eyes rolled to the back of her head. She squeezed me, moaning, so I sped up my pace. I was finger fucking this 18-year-old little slut and she was going to cum hard for me. 

"Fill my mouth, cum in my mouth, watch your naughty slut take your cum!" she moaned, completely lost in the moment. My smirk must have been a mile wide, but in her defense, it was one of the hottest experiences of my life. I pulled her head back down onto my cock, and it took only a few seconds of sucking before I started to cum. My cock pulsed, shooting my load deep into Sam's mouth. She gagged as the first shot hit the back of her throat, then she began swallowing. 

I had never cum this hard before, or this much. Sam was slowly pulling my cock forward, letting the cum shoot onto her tongue. She was grinding so hard into my fingers, and the second she could taste my cum on her tongue, her body was rocked with her orgasm. She was moaning loudly, vibrating all along my cock, and I was moaning loud as well. I shot again and again into her mouth, each time sending a wave of pleasure through my body. 

As Sam's orgasm abated and she finished swallowing my cum, she pulled her mouth off. She bent down to lick up the drops she had missed, her small orgasm clearly not getting rid of her appetite. When she was done, she turned her gaze to me, intently staring at me. She was practically begging me to fuck her with her body language and I was more than happy to oblige. We were both fairly drunk, mind you, but that probably wasn't a big factor.

I stood up, raking my eyes over her naked body, enjoying every detail. There's something so incredibly hot about fucking someone you just met, while there's a few dozen people just feet away from you. 

Gripping her legs, I spread them wide open, her eyes widening.

"I... I have a boyfriend!" she whispered, offering a protest to no doubt appease her guilt. I flashed her a grin, and as I stripped the last of my clothes off, I kneeled in between her legs. Pulling her head next to mine, I whispered, 

"Yeah? Where was he when you swallowed my cum and came all over my fingers like the bad girl you are?" I latched onto her neck, ravaging her.

"Ohhh my godddd..." she moaned, her nails digging into my back. The pain jolted through me, lighting me on fire with desire for her. I gripped her thigh hard and bit down on her neck, causing Sam to whimper and grind her body against mine. I pushed her down onto her back and, looking her straight in the eye, sank my cock inside of her. She was tight, I could tell it hurt by the look on her face. Being the cock hungry slut that she was, however, she got used to my girth pretty quickly and started riding it beneath me. 
