 So firm, and yet simultaneously so supple, your man-flesh fascinates me. I've googled the biology, just to see if it's a wonder at the engineering -- but it's not.

It's sensual.

Even when you're small and flaccid, I love to touch you. I like the way your penis flops, lifeless; just a mass of skin and tissue, never hinting at the vivacity it will take on as my fingers coax it, running over the folds and wrinkles, pushing in to the soft sponginess. 

I want to feel those textures on my tongue.

My wet, firm, lingual muscle caresses your sac. The texture here is almost ribbed. There is a moistness, a certain clamminess even, born of confinement. I like that. I like knowing that I am privileged to see them, to feel them, to taste them, to inhale their scent. I like to feel their fullness with my tongue, to pull one slowly into my mouth, to feel it resist as I draw it past my lips into the warmth. I am conscious that it has a certain solidity but, at the same time, it is so fragile. I suck a little more firmly to remind us both of this fact.

You have swelled slightly now, I think. Perhaps it is the way I am holding you. Like those balloons the clowns twist, if you squeeze at one end, it gets bigger at the other. You wince as I tell you this and I laugh wickedly. But the texture is not a balloon. Swirling my tongue around you, I use my whole head to get up underneath, pull you up, and then... let you drop.

I smile.

My tongue comes underneath you again, this time to lift you into my mouth. I hear you sigh quietly. My eyes are closed; I savour the tofu-like silken smoothness that I know will soon be replaced by a different texture as I tickle you with the tip of my tongue. My lips begin to squeeze you, joining with my tongue to massage your short length, augmenting it as I go.

Nothing can compare to the smooth tautness of an erect cock. You marvel at the silkiness of my lower legs, but they are rough when contrasted with the lustrous sleekness of your shaft and crown. Your veins emerge, creating relief in the velvet terrain as I wrap my tongue around you, breathe hot, moist air upon you and caress you with my lips.

Once dormant, once inert, your dick becomes more animated, twitching, bobbing. I watch its reactions as I gently stroke the inside top of your thighs, digging my long nails into your flesh when you least expect it, trailing one fingernail down towards your balls. My feather-light touch elicits a sharp intake of breath and a matching jerk from your cock. I repeat the performance and try to catch the tip of your manhood with my tongue.

I have played with you enough, my love. Now it is time to pleasure you seriously. I want to feel your thighs and abdomen contract, see your head drop back, watch you fight with yourself not to push me down and fuck my mouth. My tongue traces down one side of your shaft, now hard and well defined. My lips attach themselves to the base of your cock and slide around and up the other side. For just a second, I let my lips brush against the tight, smooth skin of your crown before they close gently around it and my tongue works up and down, drawing you deeper and deeper inside. But not too deep. My head rises again, my tongue moving laterally now and my lips gripping you harder. Now only the crown is still in the warmth. I suck it hard and descend again quickly, gobbling you, pulling on you. A little further this time.

I hear you moan.

As my lips and tongue consume you, I moan too. God, I love sucking you. I love to pleasure you. I love the power I have. I love the taste and the textures. It is not a chore, nor a duty, nor an expectation I feel I should fulfil. It is as much a delight for me as it is for you.

I begin to gently massage your balls against your shaft as I pump up and down on you, sucking, tonguing, raking my teeth gently on your skin. I can taste your precum now, mixing with my saliva. Mmmm, the taste of you, the taste of your desire. I know the time will soon come when we will have to choose which pleasure we pursue. To feel you hard in my hands and my mouth makes me ache to have you inside me. But I also want to taste your cum on my tongue, to share it with you.

For now I continue to feast upon you. My mouth is open, my tongue swirling around your length, my head circling to accomplish the movement. Now, my lips are clamped firmly around you, sinking down, down, down and down, pulling firmly up, up, up. I look at you through my lashes as I sink down again, further, further, further. Your head falls back as I reach the bottom, and my lips squeeze you as I smile.

Faster now, I pump your piston. Your hips begin to move rhythmically. You have made your choice. My right hand strokes you, twisting slightly, moving up and down in time with my mouth. I pause to wet my left forefinger and resume my ministrations to your cock as I work my finger round your anus and gently push in.

You tense and groan.

I glance up at you. Your eyes meet mine. This is no porn-movie moment. I want to see you cum. I want to share in your moment of ultimate pleasure. But I cannot hold your gaze just now. A little more coaxing, a little more beckoning, a little more stroking. Yes, I can feel your balls contracting now, can feel you start to swell. I look at you again as I hold my lips tight around you and continue to pump my hand. Your eyes are wide, your pupils climbing higher, your mouth muttering obscenities before you roar, as I know you will.

MMMMMM!!!!!!! Oh yes! Yes! Yes!

Kiss me, lover. Kiss me deeply and taste yourself on me. Let's share this pleasure as we do all others.