 All characters portrayed are over the age of eighteen. Conditions of demeanor need not be implied or questioned -- no pregnancy, STD or acts against consent are written about. Please enjoy and, as always, constructive criticism is welcome.

This is a continuation from a previous series -- "He Was Always There." If you've not read it please give the series a try to catch up with the characters and, hopefully, have some more enjoyment.

So, our hero is recovered, mostly, and he's got to get himself helping again. The B.U.S.H. Foundation can't run itself. But what happens when he gets back to work? Or, at least, getting his life back together and the work that entails. Perhaps a couple of friends are willing to help or, mayhap, get in the way for a little while.

It's been a few weeks since Brad collapsed, spent a little time in the hospital, was thanked very interestingly by many woman from all over the town, nursed back to health yet more at his mother's house where the four Sintec women explored him thoroughly -- and he them -- and helped him get back to strength and to work.

Brad Sintec ran the B.U.S.H. Foundation. A philanthropic organization that helped residents of the city get their lives back. The foundation had been running since Brad was fifteen years old but really only gained traction and ability after Brad convinced his now CEO of the foundation, Molly Graness, to fund him his first successful expedition of assistance when he was twenty. Since then, many people have found themselves helped without realizing who their benefactor was.

Finally, Brad was able to leave his mother's house, not that he wasn't having a good time, and get back to his own apartment and get back to work. He had several activities happening in the next month and he really needed to get control of all that was going on. His CEO had managed some of the happenings but now he was back and after a short phone call he took everything over again.

The apartment he didn't have to pay for was still a dusty wreck from his absence but he figured he'd get around to cleaning it soon enough. Of course, all of the food had gone bad both in the fridge and out of it. The bread was trying to grow a brand new organism, the milk seemed to have solidified into some kind curdled sludge and caused the fridge to need a napalm explosion to purify the smell, and everything else was stale and uneatable. Despite the work that needed to be done for the foundation Brad needed to really get his life back together.

Beginning on the removal of spoiled foods was first and while that was easy enough he still needed to go shopping to get everything replaced. He'll figure it out, he thought. Too soon, though, he realized that the stuffiness of the apartment was too much so he opened all of the windows and let the air run through and slowly got back to work.

Brad still tired very easily but everyday seemed to allow him to last longer than the previous and he took advantage of it. Today, he lasted a couple of hours cleaning his apartment and giving up on closing the windows or putting anything away he sat upon his small couch and let his head fall back and closed his eyes.

An uncertain amount of time later Brad woke with the sensation of someone next to him. His mind started before he opened his eyes so he only felt the body but he also felt that the air flow had lessened considerably. When he opened his eyes he looked to his right and a woman was leaning onto him with her head resting on his right shoulder. Her arms clung to his right arm as if afraid to let go. He wasn't overly surprise that he didn't wake when she arrived, or even sat, but it was something he'd have to think about in the future.

Brad craned his head to try and look at who was here with him but as soon as he moved she moved. Terra Bloomington sat with him and she gave him a warm smile and squeezed his arm in excited recognition. Brad also noticed that all of the windows were closed and the apartment was much darker, even than when the blinds were drawn.

It must be evening now. How long did I sleep, Brad questioned.

"Hi, Brad," Terra said sweetly.

"Hello yourself, Terra," Brad returned. "What's going on?"

"Well," Terra began, "I got home from work and saw your front door open and came to say hey but you were asleep so I closed up shop and just sat with you. You're not mad, are you?"

Brad looked at Terra with some affection and small smile. "No, of course not. Just a surprise is all."

Terra sat up as Brad did and then slowly rose with him, keeping her hands on his right arm in an effort to keep him steady. Brad figured that was probably a good idea since he still had an issue now and then with his balance.

Brad looked around and was not satisfied with how little he had completed in the cleaning of his place. "Well, I didn't get much done and I need to go to the grocery store sometime soon," Brad mentioned absentmindedly.

"I can help," Terra offered. She always offered to help with whatever he may need. Since he saved her life and pride she always seemed to be willing to do just about anything for Brad, her personal savior. There was an excitement in her eyes that Brad enjoyed but he wasn't sure how far he could let this woman go in his life. If she got attached more emotionally than she already was and he made a mistake he could really hurt this sometimes fragile woman.

"What time is it," Brad asked.

"Almost nine," Terra responded.

"Wow, I didn't realize I slept that long."

Terra looked embarrassed for some reason but quietly said, "Yeah, you've been out for a while. I got home at six and you never moved. I was worried." Her face trailed off to one side as she wiped something away from her face.

Brad didn't say anything to that but he did wrap an arm over her shoulder and drew her in for a quick hug. Terra reacted by wrapping both of her arms around him and holding on for dear life.

"What's the matter, Terra?" Brad really was concerned for the current emotional outpour but he wasn't sure where this was going to go.

With a sniffle and a small sob Terra shakily replied, "You can't leave, Brad. You can't leave me, Brad. I need you here."

Oh shit, Brad thought. Here comes the tough stuff. How was he supposed to handle this? He'd never had a girlfriend for any length of time so this kind of emotion was not something he was knowledgeable about. So, of course, he said the exact wrong thing.

"Terra, I'm not leaving you and I'm here. I'll always be here when you need me."

Terra lifted her face and looked Brad in the eye and then used her hands to grab the back of his head and bring his mouth down to hers. Brad gave no resistance in the beginning but soon realized what might happen here and tried to pull away but Terra's insistence was slightly difficult to break. Finally his slightly more capable muscles broke her grip and he stepped back.

"Wait, wait," began Brad with his hands in the air and taking a step back. "What is it you're expecting here Terra? We aren't going to be a couple or anything, you know that, right?"

Brad never let the bullshit fly. He said it to get it out so the discussion can move forward. It wasn't always the most levelheaded thing to do but no one ever didn't know what his stance was.

Terra's eyes teared and she took a half step away from Brad. Her chin dropped down and she let out a long breath. "I know," she said dejectedly. "I was trying, though. Can we still be friends?"

This conversation went in a completely different direction than Brad thought it would. His mind told him he was about to lose a decent friend and the respect of a good human being. Thankfully that's not where it went.

Brad let a smile cover his face as he said, "Of course we're still friends. I'd rather not lose a good person like you as part of my life." Brad opened his arms and Terra rushed the small space and melded into them and this time it was a nice hug and lasted for only a few moments.

When they parted Brad asked Terra if she'd had dinner and upon the negative response Brad asked if he could take her out and then maybe she could help him shop for groceries. Terra jumped with excitement at the spending of time together and doing domesticity with this man, whom she idolized and wanted to bronze and do many other things with.

Out they went for a quick bite and then Terra nearly wifed Brad to craziness with her grocery shopping. Fresh meals and ingredients, no processed anything and when she tried to convince him of gluten-free anything and the removal of bacon he put his foot down and simply shopped for essentials and immediate needs. Very simple. He was an accomplished cook but when you remove bacon you may remove yourself, Brad joked to himself. He might need to eat better, that was a certainty, but some things, like bacon, just do NOT go.

Returning after eleven that night Brad put everything away while Terra watched with dreamy eyes. Having slept for several hours Brad was not overly tired but as it had gotten something late he could see that Terra was looking a little worn down. "Terra, I'm sorry but you're looking a little drawn. Maybe you should go to your apartment and get some sleep."

The nod of her head helped Brad breathe a little easier as the night wouldn't be the loss of a friend. But then Terra, always having some kind of other thought in her head, stopped from her rising and said in a very distinct and sharp voice, "Look, Brad, let's cut the bullshit."

Brad's eyes rose in great astonishment at this small outburst.

Terra continued, "I've been trying for quite some time to fuck your brains out. I want to feel you inside of me and I would really appreciate you letting it happen right now."

During the small expression Terra had removed her shirt and dropped her slacks to the floor. Brad had seen her naked many times and she even got to suck his dick a little at his mother's house but she'd never been this forceful before.

"Look, seriously," the young women continued, "you don't even have to do anything. You can lay there like a wet rag." The bra was thrown over there and the panties were halfway down her legs. "I want you and if I can't have you for just me then I want a little piece of you. Do you understand?"

The woman was beautiful in a rough way. While her body was in shape, her breasts were a good size and the skin all over was clean - there was a certain biker-chick type of presence to the woman. Plus, she was naked so Brad wasn't completely immune. Terra's nipples were rock hard and pointing right at Brad's face. Brad felt like he could almost see the wetness between her legs and it made him even more excited.

Rather than answer vocally Brad took off his own shirt, kicked his shoes away, unlatched his belt and let his shorts fall to floor. His eyes never left hers and held no inordinate expectation of the moment.

He didn't need to remove his underwear as Terra was there nearly ripping them off of his body. Brad's manhood was quickly swallowed by a wet mouth and he was reminded of his time of recuperation at his mother's house where everyone seemed to want to blow him. He was really enjoying this now.

Terra had swallowed his cock for a few strokes during a multi-person thanking party but had never done any more than that. When Terra took him in this time there was a gentility coupled with a rush -- as if that makes sense. Her fingers were wrapped around his shaft and stroked him as she moved back and forth, letting the mushroom head tickle her uvula and threaten to enter her throat. Terra's gag reflex was too powerful so she couldn't get it all the way back but she kept him wet and moving for several minutes.

Brad's hands were reaching down past Terra's face and grabbing her tits. They were just large enough and had enough looseness that he could lift them up a little and cup them. He dragged both hands back, letting the smaller sized mammary orbs glide across his hands, and when her nipples reached his palms he took a firm hold of them and gave a squeeze. Terra didn't react overmuch in pleasure but neither did she complain of discomfort.

All of a sudden Terra stood, letting the wet organ fall from her mouth. When she was at her full height with the shaft of the man's cock in her hand she grabbed Brad's face and kissed him. When her tongue stabbed into his mouth Brad's hand felt down her stomach and lower and his fingers found her wonderfully wet sex where he stabbed his middle finger into her. At this Terra moved, almost jumping. She stroked, he fingered and they just stood there naked and having a little fun.

With a slow release Terra removed her tongue from Brad's mouth and leaned into his left ear. "Brad," started her heavy, wanting voice, "please fuck me. Please, oh please, please fuck me right now."

Brad's small apartment was not amazingly furnished. He did not possess a coffee table in front of his small couch, which was more like a settee, so he did not have to do much to guide Terra to it. He guided her to sit and knelt and then dove forward between her legs. The hairy, unkempt and out of control bush held and emitted a deep muskiness which excited Brad. The wetness covering the pubes and buried lips forced Brad to dig a little to separate the outer lips to find the pretty pink skin beneath. His tongue attacked that pretty pink skin with gusto and verve.

Brad licked up and down the slit that opened a little wider with every pass he made. When he paused his tongue's fencing he moved up and sucked on Terra's clit. She went berserk and threw her legs into the air and started to breath so fast and heavy that Brad thought she might pass out. He kept up his attack, however, so she would have nothing to complain about. It wasn't that he didn't want to have sex with this woman but she was not, unfortunately, at the top of his list of sexual partners.

He was, though, giving and if there was anything he was excellent at it was giving. And so he gave all he had.

After another few minutes of Terra jerking about above him Brad rose from between her legs and brought his still hard manhood up to the entrance of her sex. Terra eyes opened and pleaded with him to do it -- to do her. Thusly, then, he did.

With no slow kindness or sensual gentility Brad rammed his hips forward and buried himself deep into Terra. With only brief pause and a decrepit type of largess Brad pulled his hips back and then moved forward just as fast.

Again and again he moved back and forth into her and Terra's head seemed to be trying to leave her body the spasms were so wild. There was a quiet recitation coming from her mouth and when Brad leaned his chest forward he heard, "Finally, finally, oh my god, finally." The singular shibboleth being repeated gave Brad a little pride that this whole thing was happening but he had no idea if Terra was even feeling good.

Too soon Brad felt his legs tire and his movements slowed and Terra opened her eyes and looked at him. In a husky tone Terra asked if he was okay. Upon the return that he was getting a little tired in this position Terra partly rose from her splayed out position and pushed Brad's chest away which caused his manhood to pull out of her.

The coolness of the air on his manhood was short lived as Terra extricated herself from the lain-back position and jumped up. Brad didn't know she had this kind of energy after seeing how tired she looked and when she guided him onto his back on the settee, though there wasn't really enough room as his legs were draping over the arm, he was feeling like he had been at his mother's house -- overly cared for with little return on his part. Regardless, when Terra draped her leg over his body and then slammed her pussy down onto his cock he cared no more for a few minutes.

Up and down, back and forth, Terra's movements were erratic and without rhythm. Brad tried a couple times to try and find a syncopation with her but she never let it happen. Wild here, crazy there, savage then, raving mad when -- all the time.

There were several times that Brad thought Terra might be having an orgasm but she was so rampant with her body the entire time that he couldn't tell. Terra's pussy tightened on him several times but there was no other inward or outward telling. When he felt his own release become pending she did seem to feel the increase in blood and pressure and moved even faster and more frenzied.

Brad stopped worrying for once and just let things happen. She wanted to give, he wanted to give -- a fight for gifting the other but Brad knew he was losing this little battle so he let himself go. And letting go he did...

Terra felt the change and leaned down so her tits smacked Brad in the face. She began a quiet wailing -- "Do it, Brad! Come on, do it! Fuck me, cum in me, give it all to me! Motherfucker, DO IT!"

The increase in profanity was a surprise but Brad did it in an almost anti-climactic way compared to her raising voice. His first shot into Terra caused her to scream. The second blast caused her to let out an "oohh" that was so long Brad was surprised she didn't pass out from lack of breath. The third and final shot, still rolling through the still mouthed and sounding word, induced a body freezing of the naked woman riding his cock. All of the muscles stopped moving for what felt like minutes but was probably only seconds. When the last vestige of release caused that man-shiver Brad relaxed and Terra collapsed onto his chest.

Seconds later Brad heard a quiet sobbing on his shoulder. "Terra? Are you alright?" He brought his hand to her back and gave some soft rubs with his fingers.

With a sniffle and a snort Terra sat up and looked down at Brad, their bodies still connected. "It's just...," she began through tears and snotty sniffs, "I know I can't have you but I want you and to see anyone be able to get you would hurt so bad. You saved me, you know."

Terra looked down at Brad with a wistful smile trying to show through tears and red eyes. "You saved my life and I wouldn't be here without you. I couldn't smile until you showed up and made everything better...sniff sniff...and I want to be able to make it all better for you, too, you know?"

Brad was pensive in his thoughts of Terra's proclamation. He helped her because she needed the help, not because he wanted something out of it. This stream of want and the declaration of need tripled with her knowledge of incapacity set Brad's heart back a little. While he would generally give just about anything he never really thought of giving himself to anyone. At least not until his family showed their want for him. The crux of that situation was changed by how his sister Karol felt about him but he couldn't let himself be given to or tied down by anyone just now.

Brad feared he was going to have to be a poor man about this. Interestingly, though, he didn't even have to speak.

There was a small bounce on his lap which brought Brad completely back into the conversation. Terra leaned forward and pressed her hands to his chest and said, in a severely hopeful tone, "How about you just let me care for you once in a while, okay? I'll take whatever time with you I can whenever I can get it," she said in a slightly exasperated tone, dropping her head to one side in a day-time drama type of way.

Brad slid his hands up along her arms to Terra's shoulders and said simply, "Sounds good to me." He smiled up at the pretty woman still riding his semi-hard cock, feeling a wetness leak from between the two of them and down between his own legs.

"Now, then," Terra quipped with a severe change in her tone and lack of tears, "I'll just clean you off for a while." As she spoke she slowly rose from Brad's impaling member and fell to her knees beside the settee. Taking Brad's member in her hand she leaned forward and took him in her mouth and began sucking, licking, edging, stroking and loving the good-sized member for all she was worth.
