 For many years I was a manager of several apartment complexes. The basic facts of story below were told to me by one of my most experienced maintenance men. Whether it is true or not is of no interest to me. I loved hearing about it from the source. Naturally I have "fleshed" out the plot and action making the event more plausible. 

The maintenance man for an aging apartment complex was kept busy most days, answering calls for disposals that don't work, air conditioners that don't cool, drains plugged up, you name it. Freddie Murphy had worked in this complex for nearly eight years. He knew most of the tenants by name and everyone liked and knew "Murph." Although a number of apartments were occupied by single women, Murph the bachelor was careful not to get sidetracked by the number of "offers" that came his way. When he got a call from the office that Mildred Webber's kitchen drain was leaking, he just assumed it was another routine job and headed to apartment 45D at 8:00 AM. He knocked on the door and when it opened he was more than a little surprised. Mildred Webber was dressed in a nearly transparent night shirt, fluffy slippers and her hair was messed up as though she had just crawled out of bed. 

Mildred was a rather shy person, not very attractive by most standards. Barely five feet tall, mousey looking hair and sad eyes, she attracted little attention. No one ever saw her in the company of a man and she had virtually no visitors. For sure none would have thought that beneath that calm exterior there lurked a predatory sexual animal. Even so when a handsome young repairman came to her door with a sack full of tools, she was totally unprepared. She seemed shocked at first and was obviously unaware that she was naked under her gown. 

She said, "I didn't think you were coming so early. I'm sorry, I'm not used to a man coming to my door but I know who you are so come on in." Murph followed her into the kitchen where she tried to open the cabinet door under the sink. It was stuck and she bent over to pull on it. Murph did not miss the chance to gaze at a perfect pink bubble butt.

"See, the sink is dripping every time I run water," she complained. Murph looked under the sink and saw that the P trap was old and rusty. He said, "I'll have to replace the P trap. This is an old original one. I'll have to crawl under the sink and try to get the main nut off without ruining the sink."

He crawled on his back, half in and half out of the cabinet and inspected the old P trap. He was suddenly aware that Mildred was squatting down and watching him. The top of her night gown fell open and by just glancing over his chest he could see two marvelous round tits peeking out at him. Murph tried to redirect his concentration.

"Mildred, there is a large blue slip wrench in my tool kit. It has a blue handle. Could you hand it to me?"

She reached into his tool kit and pulled out the wrench. She straddled his legs and handed him the wrench. She squatted with her hands on her knees and was now staring at the maintenance man as he tried to loosen the main nut. Several tries later he cussed. The trap was so old and rusty that there was a danger the sink would be ruined if he put too much pressure on the nut. 

Mildred leaned forward and said, "Is there anything I can do to help?" 

"Well, said Murph, you could hold the blue wrench to keep it from turning while I try to get the nut loose and get it off."

She inched forward and reached in a little further and held the wrench. Murph began to work on the main nut. His wrench slipped.

"Damn it!" he said. Then he realized that by Mildred's squatting on his middle with her knees bent up, her night gown had slid back and he had a perfect view of a soft, fuzzy pussy. Worse, it rested right on the crotch of his jeans, right on his cock. He shook his head, trying to get that image out of his mind and he tried to twist the nut once more. Mildred's pussy was now rubbing on his crotch and his cock was stiffening. Murph tugged and tugged on the nut and, as if on cue, Mildred began to rock forward and back on his fly in rhythm with his efforts. Although Murph could not see her face the way he was lying, if he could have seen her he would have seen raw lust in her eyes. Neither said a word. Mildred reached down and opened Murph's pants. His efforts stopped. His voice cracked with surprise and he said, "Mildred, what the Hell are you doing?" She said nothing. Her hand slid into his shorts and she grasped his now slippery cock. Murph said, "We should not be doing this, it's strictly against the rules." Half in and half out of the cabinet, there was little he could do to stop her. His elbows were stuck in the maze of old plumbing parts under the sink. She placed his rigid cock right at the entrance to her cunt and slid forward then back again as the fat cock slid easily into her pussy and she began to rock back and forth. Mildred leaned forward and placed her hands on Murph's shoulders and lowered her head under the sink cabinet. She thrusted and grunted for several minutes and then with a loud moan Murph unloaded a huge amount of cum in Mildred's cunt. Balancing on one arm, she reached between her legs and rubbed her clit. Her breathing increased and grew louder. Finally she cried out with an orgasm of her own. She lay on Murph's chest, breathing heavily. Trying his best to regain his composure, Murph said, "I think we should try to get the nut off once more."

Still connected the two of them worked their combined wrenches and suddenly the nut came loose and the old P trap fell on Mildred's head. They both had a good laugh. Mildred slithered backwards out of the cabinet, leaving Murph's slimey cock wilting. She grabbed a dish towel that hung on the inside of the cabinet door and wiped up the sticky mess that puddled on Murph's abdomen. She rubbed his cock a little and then bent over and took it into her mouth. Murph moaned, "Not again baby, I can't do it twice like that." She continued sucking on him and his cock began to stiffen once more. Mildred increased her speed and pressure and soon a small amount of cum squirted on her tongue. By now Murph was nearly in a coma. He just lay there under the sink wondering what was coming next. Murph eventually regained his senses and installed the new P trap. As he packed up his tools Mildred said, "Thank you for fixing the leak. Next time you need to get your nut off, just give me a call." He smiled and kissed her on the cheek and staggered down to his truck.