 Each spring as the wind turns warm, the trees start to bloom and you hear the birds begin to sing again, thoughts turn to summer activities. In our neighborhood one of those thoughts is the pool. 

Since our pool is larger we have to have lifeguards and each year there is usually 1 young lady out of the handful that work at the pool that catches your eye. But then they are younger and you just know that you are looking, not touching… this year that would turn out to be different…

Her name was Beth, she lived 3 doors down from me and I had started to notice her last summer as she was growing ‘up’ shall we say? She was petite with a nice curvy bustline and gorgeous eyes that sparkled to go with an enchanting smile. I often saw her walking down to the pool in the mornings as I would sit in my office in the front of my home. She wore the basic lifeguard bathing suit… but thank god times had changed because it was now a bikini, and usually a pair of shorts. Her legs were defined and led so nicely up to her tight ass… which I often found myself fantasizing about. And it was just my fortune that the pool was only a few more houses down the road and for the most part I had a clear view through the iron fence of Beth as she would prep the pool each morning for the days activities.

As she hustled about I would sit at my desk and try to focus on my work but I instead would begin to fantasize about Beth. I would watch her as she busied herself around the pool, as she bent over I would watch her ass, or stare at her cleavage. My cock would harden and I would end up unzipping my shorts and just feeling the warmth from the blood flowing through my shaft, stroking slowly thinking if only it was Beth in front of me on her knees.

That previous summer passed with only my fantasies to play out alone, but then all was to change. 

On the weekend the pool opened I went down around noon, took the standard towel, lotion and also a cooler with some drinks in it. I tried to act like I was there for the sun and cool water and talk to some of the other neighbors but more than once I found myself lost staring at Beth as she worked and not hearing what the person next to me was saying. That day passed and I made up my mind I was going to get to know Beth better. Where it would lead I would just let fate take us.

On Monday I returned to the pool in the early morning, bringing with me a book to pass the time as nonchalantly as I could. There were a few mothers there with their kids and I said my hellos then I found a chair to lay out on where I could watch Beth.

I lotioned up as best I could then I made what was to be the best decision all summer. I couldn’t reach some parts on my back so I got up and went over… “Beth” I asked… almost startled that I knew her name she looked up at me. “Yes, Mr. Jackson?” she responded… now it was my turn to be surprised for I did not think she knew me. Recognized me of course, but knew me… my mind was racing as I stared down at her pretty face, eyes falling towards her heaving breasts, thinking of one day soon freeing them from that suit as I was going down on her. 

Beth, I was wondering if you would mind putting some lotion on my back for me. Sure Mr. Jackson she responded… “Eric, please call me Eric darlin” I said, Mr. Jackson is my father. With a little bounce she came down from her chair and took the lotion from my hand then and began to apply it to my back. I made some small talk with her and then we she finished I returned to my chair. 

The rest of the morning passed uneventfully until around noon when commotion started up with the hungry kids whining for food. I took special note of how kind Beth was in helping some of the mother’s get their kids food out but more than that I was thinking of having her for lunch. I watched closely as she bent over a few times, looking straight at her pussy and wanting so badly to be able to move her bottoms aside and slide my tongue deep into her. It was a good thing I was laying down when I thought such things for my cock would harden immediately.

I was just about to doze off as the kids quieted down finally with their mouths full of food when I felt a shadow come over me. “Mr. Jacks… umm Eric?” I looked up and saw Beth standing over me, the slight mound of her pussy just barely definable with her so close to my face. “Would you mind lotioning me up again?” she asked. Sure Beth I said. Great, the lotion is in the office, do you mind coming in there to do it? I stood up and followed her in, trying not to think too much sexually but I couldn’t resist.


The door naturally closed behind us as we walked in and once Beth handed me the lotion I began to apply it to her body. First to her shoulders and neck, then on down her back. When I got to her legs I took my time, firmly rubbing the lotion in and getting as close to her pussy as I could. As she turned around to face me for me to keep lotioning I moved my hands up her legs and acting naturally my fingers slid very closely to her pussy. Beth let out a soft moan and that is when I looked up to see her eyes were closed and her lips pursed. 

I kept rubbing right next to her pussy then and being on my knees I moved in closer. My lips began to kiss on her thighs and she responded by spreading her legs just a bit wider. I reached up to her hips and wrapped her bottoms around my thumbs and pulled them down to her ankles, and as she stepped out of them I lifted one thigh up onto my shoulder and then my tongue went to her pussy. 

She was smoothly shaven and her scent was driving me crazy. I dove into her pussy with a hunger that was months in the making and as I penetrated the folds of her pussy for the first time her moans escaped, louder this time. I continued to lick deep into her pussy for the next several minutes, my hands cupping her ass and pulling her tightly to me and then I finally moved up to her clit where my tongue wrapped around her swollen knob. 

I quickly flicked my tongue on her nub, sucking it in and holding it softly between my teeth, humming as I did so. At that moment when I began to hum Beth’s hands came down to my head and she dug her fingers into my head and her pussy began to pulsate. I continued to suck and hum on her clit as her hips gyrated slightly and at the same time slipped a finger up into her. A gasp escaped her mouth and she came furiously at that point. I continued to finger fuck her through her orgasm to the point that her knees started to weaken.

As her pulse slowed down I ran my tongue the length of her pussy, tasting her sweet cum and wanting still more. Time had passed quickly though and I knew that if we did not step out soon then some mothers would talk… hell the jealous ones were already talking. I stood up and handed Beth her bottoms at the same time.

I bent over and took her cheeks in my hands and kissed her long and passionately. Why don’t you stop by my house tonight, say 9? Darling? I think we should continue this in a bit more privacy.

I then ran my hands slowly over her breasts, dying to finally free them and knowing I would do so tonight. Then once she had her bottoms on I turned and walked out of the office, casually of course to attract as little attention as possible, but licking my lips coyly with the freshness of Beth’s pussy still on my lips.

To be continued…