 He Was Always There – Back To Work – Pt. 02 

Getting back to work is harder than it should be but our hero is going to keep trying... 

There seemed to be no way for Brad to keep his dick in his pants. After so many people learned about what he did and what he did for them they couldn't seem to stay away and many of them wanted to give a physical thanks. Not that Brad was completely against the thanks as they were given but he was really unable to get back to doing what he loved to do – help people. 

He had just left the house of the CEO of the B.U.S.H. Foundation, Molly Graness. He was drawn there on the pretense of getting information about the upcoming auction for the hospital. While they did do some work and information gathering Molly ended up wanting to have sex. Well, that's not entirely true. She just wanted to get a peek at his manhood like her niece, Brigitte, had but it ended up getting out of hand. 

Doing a slow drive back to his apartment Brad was uncertain how to obtain a little privacy so he could complete the details of the auction. This auction would raise money for the children's portion of the hospital and he still had many contacts to attend to. Companies across the country had been getting word-of-mouth about what Brad was doing for his relatively small city and everyone seemed to want a piece of the charity. It wasn't meant to be expanded because while he enjoyed helping people he possessed a certain selfish demeanor that it should be where he was. 

An idea presented itself for some kind of privacy so Brad changed the direction of his small car and went to the east end of town. There rested a small but thriving motel/diner called The Bearly. This was a nice little place that Brad was able to help reinvent itself to attract more patrons and the name was actually the identity of the owner and proprietor, Jack Bearly. There was a small issue with the name since Jack's name was actually pronounced "burly" but everyone called him "barely." No one knows where the name came from but there is a Favre in the world, which has letters in the wrong position, so; the name became The Barely but spelled in Jack's name. Bearly. A little silly, maybe, but it helped to draw folks in especially when the food in the connected eatery got so good after Brad had run into a man who had been down on his luck but was a wonderful cook. 

Pulling into the very full parking lot just after noon, for it was coming onto lunch, Brad began to question whether he should attempt this. Sure, Jack said he could stop by any time if Brad needed something but Brad was not generally one to take. There were times he had, sure – his apartment, his car and some other small sundries – but he always felt an uncomfortable knot in his stomach whenever he asked for anything. Still, it had to be done. 

Finally finding a spot Brad took his knapsack with all of this work and headed to the front office of the motel. There was small dingaling as the door was opened and Brad spied Jack sitting behind the reservation counter. The entryway and office of The Bearly was homey and decorated with some small stuffed animals from the woods out beyond the motel and one giant, completely fake, growling with an odd wink, brown bear in the far corner. 

Jack turned at the sound and said with surprise, "Brad! My, my, boy, it's so nice to see you." Jack wore a loggers outfit complete with a red flannel shirt underneath dark blue coveralls and mountainous Wolverine work boots. Jack rose from the chair and walked around the counter and gave Brad a short hug, which Brad returned. 

"Hey, Jack," Brad said quietly but solidly. "I was wondering if I could ask a small favor." 

"Wait, what?" Jack's face, covered in a silvery gray beard and moustache, smiled wide and his eyes had the always friendly presence that let people relax in his state. "Brad Sintec is asking for something? I can't believe it." 

Brad smiled back and was, as always, immediately at home in Jack's company. "I am sorry for it but do you have a room available? I just need a quiet place to work for a little while. I will pay for the room, of course." 

Jack's good natured face softly turned down into negative tension of sadness. "I'm sorry, Brad, but I can't accept your money. It's no good here..." 

Brad went immediately to what he may have done wrong to warrant such a response. Being as literal as he sometimes was he didn't immediately see Jack's frown turn upside down. 

"Come on, now, Brad, we've talked about this," Jack continued easily, almost fatherly. "You've made several lives better here and if you need something to help you all you had to do was ask." 

Relief flooded Brad's face and he breathed a little easier until Jack spoke again. "Unfortunately, though, I don't have any clean rooms. I just had someone leave a little while ago and neither Mary nor Janice have been over to clean the room." 

"Did they destroy the table in there," Brad questioned. "Because that's all I need. That and the chair. I'll try not to get in the ladies' way should they come in to clean up." Brad's face was smiling but there was a pleading in his eyes. 

Jack threw a hand towards Brad, as if brushing any inconvenience away, and said, "Sure, if you don't mind then I don't. Here. Number eight. The only room facing the woods directly so it should be pretty quiet." Through the air flew a heavy key on a tapered keyring stylized to look like the room number. 

Brad caught the key easily enough and thanked Jack profusely as he left the office. Jack sat back at his desk and got himself back to work while Brad grabbed his things and headed around the outside of the country-styled twenty rooms and easily wandered around to the back to number eight which almost sat by itself as if an afterthought at the time of its construction. 

The woods beyond the view of the room were breathtaking in their early afternoon light with the sun shining through the trees, causing a glare of indistinct shapes through the sunlight and the loam. Brad stopped for a moment to enjoy the glory before him. 

When the moment ended Brad finished the short walk to room eight and opened the door. Upon stepping in he saw that, indeed, it had not yet been cleaned up. The bed's sheet were strewn about and the top covering was partly on the floor. There were towels thrown to the floor in front of the bathroom and there was still steam escaping from that same bathroom. Almost like night's tenant left only minutes ago. 

Brad cared for none of these things as he found the table near the big window next to the door, sat and set down his paperwork, phone and pens. He took another moment to open the curtain and stare outside at that beautiful wood. It really was nice. But, it was time to get back work. 

The door to the room stayed open and Brad was able to get many things completed before a shadow fell through the window and forced Brad to turn on the lights of the room. There was no realization for how long he had worked. Brad shut the door and sat back down at the table, glancing at the clock near the bed. Holy smoke, Brad thought, I've been here for nearly four hours! 

With a grumble in his belly Brad packed up his papers and sundries and placed the bag on the chair and pushed the chair under the table. Closing the drapes and then the door, verifying it was locked, Brad made his way to the diner. 

Stepping into the relatively small establishment Brad had to wait a couple minutes before getting a seat. He knew the waitress by name and she him and he was able to order his food fairly quickly. Only a few minutes later Brad's food arrived and was interestingly scarfed down without prevalence or ceremony – a simple fare but very good. He rose from the chair without even waiting for the receipt and approached the waitress, Glenda, dropped a twenty in her apron, kissed her on the cheek and left the diner. He didn't make a lot of money, as a matter of fact he made almost none, but when he could he'd give a little more to someone who needed it more than he did. 

Back to the room Brad moved, wanting to waste no more time. Yes, he did get quite a bit done in those hours when he first entered the room but there was still paperwork to do and many stages to set for the program in two days. 

When he rounded the corner he saw that there were lights on within the room. That must mean that either Janice or Mary were doing their thing so he guessed it was time for him to leave. The curtains were still drawn but that could be just for the privacy of the job. The only problem was that he needed his knapsack, left in the room, in the chair, slid under the table. Hopefully whichever lady was cleaning the room didn't take it out yet. 

Brad lightly knocked on the door and keyed it open. What he saw when he entered surprised him greatly but he entered quickly and closed the door with the quick look back to see if anyone else was outside. Thankfully there was no one that he could see. 

With cart in the room full of the normal janitorial items – cleaners, towels, sheets and pillow cases, TP, brushes and whatnot – stood a young lady in the full nude clearing the sheets from the bed and tossing them to the floor. Her body had no tan lines over the earth three-four* color of skin that held a very nice sized set of breasts with dark brown areolae and nipples. The neatly trimmed landing strip of hair between her wonderfully toned legs was a simple marvel of personal engineering to Brad – how do women get that so straight down there? – and arms that just threw the bed sheet to the floor showed a simple but powerful strength within their movements. 

For the life of him Brad could not remember which of the women this was at The Bearly, Janice or Mary. He'd had very little dealing with them in the past even though Jack spoke of them frequently and with admiration. 

The woman's hazel eyes speared Brad with an "I caught you peeking" look coupled with the smirk from her mouth and cheeks. 

"I'm sorry," Brad began, "Jack said I could use the room until you needed to clean up. I'll just get my things and get out of your way." Despite the fact that Brad's eyes never left the gorgeous woman's body the tone of his voice was calm. 

"It's okay, Brad," the young woman returned. "Jack told me you were working here, too. I thought I'd put on a show a little for you." 

Brad was flabbergasted that his name seemed to make people want to show him things these days. Geez, he thought, maybe I should've let what I did be known earlier – wait, what am I thinking? he screamed at himself. I didn't do this stuff for sex and nudity, I did it to help people. 

A battle began forming between the Angel and the Devil sitting on his shoulders. He couldn't pay them attention right now as the cleaning woman was speaking again. 

"Do you like the show, so far," she asked seductively. 

"My goodness, yes," Brad said easily, shrugging. "The show is amazing..." As he said that he felt a stir between his legs. "...but would mind if I sat to enjoy the rest of the show? You're making me dizzy." 

The woman smiled and stood easily in her nudity. How can so many women be so easy in their bodies, Brad considered. There really weren't that many women that have shown him their bodies but, boy, it sure felt like a lot. 

"Sure," she replied with a bright smile with beautiful lips that Brad, all of sudden, wanted to kiss. 

Brad pulled out the chair with the knapsack from the table and set the bag in his lap as he sat down and just stared at young woman's movements. The thought of rolling under the table to hide his growing erection never even occurred to him. 

Not more than a few moments later the door opened and in walked the other cleaning professional for the motel – Mary or Janice. She brought in her cart and whether she noticed Brad sitting in the corner or not she made no sign. She didn't even speak to the darker skinned woman who still held most of Brad's attention. The newly arrived young lady was of Latin descent with starkly wavy, shoulder length black hair surrounding a very pretty face and light pink lips with dark brown eyes. 

"I'll start in the bathroom," said the new one with a slight accent frequently connected to those where English was a second language. Her diction was clear and powerful, though. 

Brad could care less about where she came from, she had her work to do. Interesting, though, was that she made no mention of the naked woman's state of, or lack of, dress. 

At a single nod from Naked, who was beginning to wipe down the dresser after clearing the bed, Dressed grabbed a few things and went right to the bathroom at the back of the room. 

Brad was caught by the silence of wonder at the ease with which these ladies were doing their job. Neither of them seemed to care that he was here. Well, he thought, and despite the hard-on I've got going, if they can work then so can he. So he pulled his knapsack from his lap and brought it back to the table and pulled some work out and began making notes. 

He noticed after only a few notes that what he wrote made little to no sense at all. Yeah, he was caught, again, in that ambiance of mental contrition for what he was seeing and the thoughts he was having. He wasn't ashamed of the thoughts but they kept getting in his way. 

"Mary," obviously Janice called, "Can you help me with the sheets, sweetie?" 

"Be right there," came the reply. 

Since there had been no speech for many minutes and the doodles Brad was drawing were getting more creative in a third grade sort of way the voices broke his broken thoughts back to reality. When Mary exited the bathroom she was also naked and just as remarkable as Janice. Mary also had no tan lines and her breasts were only just smaller than Janice's. Though shorter than Janice by several inches Mary's lithe frame was carried by straight shoulders which pushed her breasts out. Brad also saw that she was clean shaven and a tattoo covered her abdomen below her belly button and just above her still hidden pussy. A quick look gave Brad the impression of a butterfly or something but he couldn't be completely sure. 

The two women spread the sheet out and over the bed. Neither made any eye contact with Brad, they just kept doing their job. Their movements, though, changed a little. When Janice and Brad were alone in the room she just moved with precision, in perfect control of routine and the rote of the job. When the ladies were together, however, they seemed to extend movements. The drop of the sheet took far longer than it needed to and they bent over the bed in such a way as to show Brad their southern goodies. 

Mary draped the sheet around one corner of the bed while Janice did the opposite corner, which was pointing toward Brad. Janice bent over and her ass cheeks split apart enough to give Brad a peek of her star and pussy. She made no move to check that Brad was watching. She knew he was. 

The ladies moved to the next set of opposite corners and followed the same type of extended movement. This time, though, Brad could see all four tits hanging in free space and moving when the ladies moved. 

Watching the ladies' tits dangle like that caused Brad to fumble his pen and it slipped from his fingers and onto the floor where it did one of those no-one-can-explain bounces and ended up over by the bed, near Mary's feet. She ignored it. 

The ladies then draped the top sheet over the bed in the same movements and drawn campaign as the bottom. This was followed what seemed to be quite some time later by the comforter and pillows with new cases. Brad was awed and struck dumb by these ladies' beauty and show. 

When the bed was finished being made Janice said, "Thank you, Mary, I really appreciate the help." She began walking around the bed toward Mary. 

Mary walked around the bed from the opposite direction while responding with, "It's my pleasure, Janice." 

When they reached each other Mary and Janice embraced in strong arms and kissed. The tongues of each found the other and they closed their eyes and let the kiss take them where ever it might. Naked bodies pressing into one another Brad just threw his hands up in surrender and watched these women continue the show. 

Brad scooted his chair out from the table and turned it toward the naked, making-out women. For reasons few can even try to explain most straight men rather enjoy watching women get it on. Brad was no different. He slid down a little in his chair to let his legs draw out from him and watched. The consideration to pull out his erected manhood and start beating off was strong but for a reason he didn't understand just then, he didn't. 

Janice's hand dropped from Mary's back to between her legs and began a serious rubbing. Mary started squirming and was seriously failing to keep her lips to Janice's as she was taken advantage of. Janice, though, let their lips part as she brought an arm up and over Mary's shoulders, holding her close, and increased the fingering dance. 

Mary's legs quivered in response and she quavered into Janice's neck a series of completely incomprehensible sounds. When her knees began to fail Janice guided her to the bed, to her back, with her legs hanging over the edge. 

Janice looked at Brad and said in a sultry request, "Brad, please go lock the door." Her eyes gave away every piece of want for the sex that was happening and it made Brad nearly jump to the task. 

Brad followed orders and pushed the swinging door bar guard into place and then turned the deadbolt to the locked position. Sure, if anyone had the security latch opener their privacy wouldn't last long but the only person who might have that was Jack...well, what would he do? 

When Brad turned back to the bed he saw Mary's legs over Janice's shoulders, the middle of her thighs resting on Janice's shoulders, and Janice's head deep into Mary's pussy. Mary's eyes were closed and her hands were trying to remove the covers and sheets the ladies just put into place. Oohs and ahs were plentiful from Mary's mouth and Brad felt his cock grow even harder. 

There was little for him to as he was completely locked in what might be appropriate. Should he force himself into the show? Is this the show, as well? Is this beyond the show? The women didn't say anything so his ignorance was complete. Would they invite him in if he pulled himself out and started jerking off? Would they ignore him or, even, quit what they were doing and run? 

At the moment Brad could care just short of less and he unzipped his pants and pulled his very hard manhood out and began to slowly stroke himself. He stared at the naked women and just about drooled. 

Janice had her tongue running up and down Mary's slit and, as always, was enjoying the flavor of her coworker and friend. Janice happened to raise her eyes and saw Brad standing there in a state of complete dumbfounded-ness. She saw that he had a very large dick in his hands and was slowly stroking himself. Janice made a decision right then to do something she probably shouldn't but if everything went well then all would be well. If it didn't go well, however, things would become extremely difficult. 

Brad looked down at Janice and tried to see her tongue dancing across the pretty pussy. What he saw instead was Janice's left hand raise and beckon him over. When he was close enough Janice reached out for his hand and guided him just inside Mary's spread legs by having him hold up Mary's right leg from under the knee. Janice's left hand attacked Mary's clit while her face turned and her mouth moved right over Brad's cock, swallowing him as far as her body's position would allow, which, unfortunately, wasn't that far. 

Janice thoroughly enjoyed the taste of Brad's large cock. She wanted to stay there. Brad had helped her by helping the motel which allowed Jack to give her a raise because the place was doing so well. Her idea, though, was a little different for the moment. After damn near slobbering Brad's hard member with her saliva through the zipper she motioned for Brad to drop his pants. 
