 Stephanie awoke to the sun peeking through the upstairs bedroom windows. She was glad to be back in her own bed. The conference in London had gone wonderfully. Jake had spoken on the political consequences of colonialism on the African continent, such as civil wars, the Rwanda genocide, and apartheid. Stephanie had spoken specifically about how education had suffered due to the consequences of the Colonial Era. The weekend had flown by, and before she knew it, they were back on the plane flying home. She hadn't even gotten to show Jake her newest sexy lingerie, but there would be another time for that. It had been a fun, but exhausting few days. Then Stephanie remembered what day it was.

"It's Monday, isn't it?" she groaned.

Jake stirred next to her.

"Yep," he said groggily. 

"Shit."

Stephanie reluctantly got out bed and went to take a shower. Unlike her husband, who was now on summer break now that he was finished with faculty meetings, Stephanie still had to go to work. She finished showering, dried her hair, put on her makeup, and got dressed. She donned a dark blue pencil skirt, and a short-sleeved black button-up blouse. As she left the room, she looked over at Jake.

"I know you're on break, honey, but try to do something useful today."

"Don't worry, I won't," Jake mumbled.

"That's what I'm afraid of," Stephanie said.

Half an hour later, Stephanie entered her office and lit her computer. She was checking her work email when there was a knock on her office door. Stephanie looked up to see her boss, Eva Masters, standing in the doorway. Standing at 5'11", Eva was an intimidating woman. She had jet black hair, amber eyes, and a smooth caramel complexion. She had a reputation for being tough as nails, but, as Stephanie found out, she was very nice once you got to know her. Eva was from England, and Stephanie loved her accent.

"Morning, Eva," Stephanie said.

"How was London?" Eva asked.

"Wonderful, thank you. The conference was great. I really got a chance to spread the word about what we do."

"Wonderful," Eva smiled. "Speaking of spreading the word, I have someone to introduce you to."

Eva poked her head out the door and motioned. Stephanie watched as a lovely young women, college-aged, entered the room. Stephanie sized her up at around 5'5" and about 120 pounds. She had wavy reddish-brown hair down her shoulders and lovely light brown eyes. She wore a navy blue sleeveless jumpsuit.

"Stephanie, this is your new intern, Ella de Clerk," Eva said.

"Since when I did I get an intern?" Stephanie asked.

"Since this young lady was accepted into our program last week," Eva said. "This is what you get for missing staff meetings. I'll leave you two to get acquainted."

Eva left the room, closing the office door behind her. Stephanie walked over to Ella and took her hand.

"Nice to meet you," Stephanie said, gently shaking Ella's hand. 

"Thank you," Ella said. "Nice to meet you, too."

Stephanie noticed an accent.

"Are you from South Africa?" Stephanie asked.

"How did you know?" Ella asked.

"I am good with placing accents," Stephanie smiled. "Have a seat."

Stephanie motioned to the two red plush chairs to the left of her desk. Ella sat, and Stephanie poured her some water from the pitcher on the small table next to the chairs.

"So, Ella, tell me about yourself."

"Well," Ella began. "I am originally from Johannesburg. My family lived there until I was thirteen, then my father was named ambassador to the United States, and we've lived in Washington, DC since then. I am currently a junior at George Washington University, majoring in economics."

"What made you decide to apply for an internship in the education division of UNICEF?" Stephanie asked.

"I like to study all aspects of economics," Ella answered. "And I think it will be interesting to see how economics affects different areas of life, such as education."

Stephanie could see why Ella had gotten the internship. She was polite, genuine, and intelligent. Stephanie saw something special in Ella. She wasn't like other interns she'd had over the years. Ella had drive and knew what she wanted. Stephanie knew that, given the chance, Ella would prove herself and could find her niche within UNICEF. 

Stephanie stood and walked to her desk. She picked up a thin folder and handed it to Ella.

"As you probably already know, UNICEF builds schools throughout the world. We just finished finalizing the budget for two schools in Mozambique. We're looking at building an all-girls school in Burundi. We need government support and funding for building these schools. We also have to ensure that the nations where we build the schools have enough money to keep them running."

Stephanie pointed to the folder.

"This is the economics report for Burundi, and it's also your first assignment as an intern. I want you to analyze it, and have a report to me on whether or not a school can be supported at this time. I want it on my desk Wednesday morning. Can you do that?"

"Yes, miss," Ella said with a smile. "Thank you, miss."

"You may use the adjacent office as your work area," Stephanie said. "Do you have a laptop?"

"Yes, miss, it's in my bag."

"Very good. Why don't you go in there and get started. Your computer should automatically connect to the WI-fi."

Three hours later, Stephanie looked up from her computer. Ella was reading over the report and making notes on her computer. Stephanie stood and knocked on Ella's office door. Ella looked up.

"Ella, ready for lunch?"

"Yes, miss."

"Since it's your first day, I'd like to take you out to lunch. Is there anywhere in particular you'd like to go?" Stephanie asked.

"No, miss," Ella replied.

"Have you ever had Chipotle?"

"No, miss. My friends have told me it's amazing."

"There's one a few blocks from here. You don't mind walking, do you?"

"Not at all, miss."

Ella saved her work and closed her laptop. Stephanie held the door for her, and they walked to the elevator. They walked west on K Street, then made a left turn on 20th Street. Along the way, Stephanie asked Ella about life in Johannesburg. Ella's father had been in government service during apartheid, but had been one of Nelson Mandela's strongest supporters. After Mandela had been released from prison, he had risen quickly through the ranks, becoming Mandela's Deputy Foreign Minister and eventually the ambassador to the US. They arrived at Chipotle. They had just beaten the lunch rush it appeared. 

"You get to create your own meal," Stephanie informed Ella. "Just get whatever you want."

Ella's eyes went wide. Clearly she had never been to a place like this before. Stephanie noticed she seemed slightly overwhelmed. When it was their turn, Stephanie went first to give Ella an idea of how the process worked. Stephanie ordered a carnitas bowl. Ella went through the line, deciding on a steak bowl. After paying and getting their drinks, Stephanie and Ella made their way to a booth near the back corner. 

"So, what do you think?" Stephanie said after they'd had a chance to eat a little.

"It's delicious, miss," Ella said. "I could eat this every day!"

Stephanie laughed. 

"Some people do," she said. "Now that we're not in the office setting, I want you to know we can be casual. You may call me Stephanie if you wish. I'm not big on formality. And we can talk about anything. So, do you have a boyfriend?"

"Yes, miss, I mean Stephanie," Ella said. "But he doesn't live in Washington. He's going to school at the University of Michigan to become a doctor. He is on summer holidays now, but he has returned to Capetown to help with his father's construction business."

"They have a fine medical program," Stephanie said. "So, do you live around here?"

"Mhm," Ella said, swallowing a piece of steak. "Some friends and I from university are renting an apartment in Alexandria. We live near the Huntington Metro Station."

"Easy commute to work then?" Stephanie asked.

"Yes, very. Your metro system is very efficient."

"My husband Jake and I live in Virginia, also near a metro station. We walk there pretty much every day."

"You're married?" Ella said. 

"Yes, we met in college and got married shortly after graduating from Georgetown."

She pulled out her phone and showed Ella a picture.

"He's very handsome," Ella said. 

"Yes, he is," Stephanie said. "It must be difficult, being away from Max like this."

"At times it is hard. But I have my friends, and I am busy, so that keeps my mind off things."

"Well, if you ever need to talk or need advice, I am here, ok?"

Ella blushed a little. She thought Stephanie was very nice and very pretty. Her husband was also quite attractive. She thought they were very lucky to have each other. It was her first day, and already Stephanie had made her feel welcome. 

"Thank you."

They finished eating and headed back to the office. The rest of the day flew by. At three o'clock, Stephanie let Ella leave. They bade each other a good evening, and Ella headed home. An hour later, Stephanie called it a day, packed her things, and left. She arrived home to an amazing smell. Jake walked in from the kitchen with a glass of red wine and handed it to her.

"How was work?" he asked, kissing his wife on the cheek.

"It was good," Stephanie said. "Apparently I have an intern now. Her name is Ella de Clerk, and she's from Johannesburg. She seems like she's going to be one of the best interns we've had in awhile. She's intelligent, ambitious, and pretty."

"You sound pretty taken with her," Jake teased.

"Stop, Jake," Stephanie warned. "What is that amazing smell?"

"I'm cooking dinner. Stuffed shells. It'll still be awhile until they're done. How about a nice hot bath and massage?"

"Sounds lovely," Stephanie said.

They headed upstairs. Jake started the water in their large soaking tub and Jacuzzi. That was one of the amenities that had sealed the deal on the purchase of this home. Stephanie walked in, totally nude. She stepped into the tub.

"Aren't you going to join me?" she asked.

Jake peeled off his clothes and joined his gorgeous wife in the tub. He sat behind her. He gently pooled the warm water over Stephanie's shoulders and back, then began to massage. He pulled her hair aside. He started with the back of her neck, gently rubbing in circles. Stephanie groaned as she felt her husband working the tension out of her.

"What all did you do today?" Stephanie asked.

"Went shopping, got the car cleaned, and did some general cleaning around here. And I cooked dinner," Jake replied.

He moved his hands to the base of Stephanie's neck. He could feel a knot. He pressed his thumb against it. Stephanie winced. Jake lessened the pressure. He moved to her shoulders. She groaned again as his hands worked the tight muscles. He leaned in and kissed the nape of Stephanie's neck. Stephanie shuddered and giggled.

"Did you like that?" Jake whispered in her ear.

"Yes," Stephanie whispered back.

Jake placed his lips again on her nape and gently kissed. Stephanie gasped. Jake's lips caressed the back of her neck. She loved when Jake kissed her like this. She felt something poking into her ass.

"Are you hard?" she giggled.

"For you, always, baby."

Stephanie scooted back. She felt her husband's erection pressing against her. She spread her legs a little and lowered herself onto him. She felt him slide right in. She moaned as his manhood penetrated her. Jake moaned with her. She gyrated back and forth on her husband. Jake continued kissing her neck as she moved on him. Stephanie leaned her head back, giving Jake full access to her neck. Jake's lips moved to the side of her neck; he kissed her harder. Stephanie gasped and began to grind harder on her man's rock-hard cock. She loved the feel of fucking him in the hot water. She got up off him and turned around, then straddled him, now facing him. This was much more intimate. She pressed her lips to Jake's and continued riding him. They kissed passionately, tongues swirling around each other. Stephanie's clit was grinding against Jake's body; it felt amazing. She began to moan in Jake's mouth.

"Are you close?" she asked.

"Very," Jake gasped.

"Good, because I don't think I can hold back much longer," Stephanie moaned.

"Don't hold back," Jake groaned as Stephanie rode him harder. "Cum."

Stephanie rode her man as hard and fast as she could. Jake was now licking and nibbling her neck. Stephanie was whimpering as she felt him pounding inside her. She gave one final moan.

"Oh, Jake!"

Jake felt his wife shudder. Then he felt her wetness soaking his cock. He groaned and began to spasm inside her. Stephanie gasped as she felt Jake's seed shoot deep into her pussy, filling her. She stayed on his cock even after they had finished. She enjoyed feeling his hardness inside her. Jake stood, picking her up and kissing her hard on the mouth. She pulled off him and stood on the floor. Jake handed her a towel. He pulled her close.

"I love you so much," he said, caressing her cheek.

"I love you too, Jake."

"Ready for dinner? It should be done by now."

"Ready?" Stephanie said. "Starving."