 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

Preface

The following is a work of "fiction" by my coworker Lauren. 

Lauren was my partner in the adventures described in the story "The Business Trip".

She found one of my manuscripts on a thumb drive I loaned her and pestered me relentlessly until I told that these were part of a series of "adventure" stories about some of my sexual adventures. She decided that she wanted in and asked me to help "ghostwrite" her story. I reluctantly agreed and the result is before you. We hope that you enjoy the collaboration and if it meets with some acceptance I may see if my wife Heather and some of our lovers would like to contribute their tales as well.

Enjoy and please leave comments if you would like to see more stories from Lauren or our other lovers.

Chapter 1 - Getting it together

After we got back from Las Vegas, James and I kept trying to find a free weekend to get the four of us together. The four of us being myself, Rick my husband, James and his wife Heather. 

It seemed like it took forever. If Rick and I were free, he was going somewhere to pick up those stupid video games he collects and if they were free, we had something going. Finally, we hit on a free weekend for both of us. 

It was just two weeks away and James said, "Heather has the day off the Friday before. Why don't you take a day off and go shopping with her?" 

I said I would think about it, but I knew my mind was made up. I dropped an email off to the boss about taking a vacation day and I then called Heather and she said it was a great idea and I should swing by early. I think the operative word was swing.

Friday finally came and I pulled into the driveway and saw James' car was still there. James met me at the door and the look on my face must have said it all, because he just laughed and said, "Don't look so worried. The boss called last night and said he was supposed to go to a seminar today but his boss wanted to meet with him, so he asked if I could go. So I said yes. It turns out it's at a hotel about 5 minutes from here. So I don't have to leave for a while."

As he closed the door behind me, he folded me in his arms from behind and I could feel his cock start to become erect and press against my ass. Just the thought of that hunk of meat made my panties start to get moist in my shorts. Ohhh, he smelled so good. Rick didn't have time this morning and I was starting to get horny in his arms.

Then he released me and said, "Heather is in the kitchen, why don't you go on in. I'll be there in a few minutes." 

And he gave me a swat on the butt. 

When I walked in, Heather was in the kitchen and she was wearing this stunning white lace nightgown that just flowed and hugged her curves like a coat of paint. She was just closing the refrigerator and it seemed like she glided across the floor as she came over to greet me. 

"Lauren, I am so glad you were able to get the day off and play hooky with me." 

She folded me up in her arms kissed me very soundly and then just held me for a minute. Damn, she smelled good too. Just then James came in and grabbed both of us and began to nuzzle my neck. My nipples were sticking out so hard they ached and that moist spot was rapidly becoming a wet spot. 

Heather started to rub her breasts against mine and James started to dry hump my ass while I played the meat in their sandwich. 

Finally, I couldn't take it and screamed, "Either stop teasing me or strip me naked and both of you fuck me. Because you guys are driving me nuts." 

Working together like a well-oiled team, Heather reached up and unhooked my bra and pulled my shirt over my head and dropped it on the floor. James pulled my shorts and panties down and I stepped out of them as miraculously he stood up and buried his dick into my waiting pussy. I have no idea how he got out of his pants so fast. 

By then, Heather had one of my nipples in her hand and the other in her mouth and her free hand was tickling my clit. It was like being attacked by a tentacle monster in some bad Japanese anime porn (yes, Rick likes that shit too). And just like the heroines in those movies I was helpless before the wave after wave of orgasms that were building and crashing through me.

After a few minutes of this, James picked me up with his dick still in me and walked me into the living room. There he laid me down on the couch with my head hanging off the end. The watcher in my brain wondered why this part of the couch had no arm on it. But that was made clear a moment later when James slid his pussy juice coated dick into my mouth and straight down my throat without effort. No arm meant that my head was at the perfect angle to sword swallow a dick. Got it.

While he was doing that, Heather had positioned herself and was licking my pussy furiously while playing with my nipples. I was helpless in the wake of the pleasure the two of them were providing me. 

A few minutes later I felt Heather leave my pussy. James pulled his dick out of my mouth and moved back and then Heather's pussy was over my face as she positioned herself kneeling on all fours down the length of my body. James positioned himself behind Heather and then took his dick and stroked it up and down on Heather's pussy making her moan and shiver. 

I took advantage and returned some of the licking she was providing to me and getting an occasional lick in on the head of James' cock.

After teasing her to his satisfaction, he slid his cock into Heather up to the balls, which I began to lick. 

Heather stopped licking my pussy for a moment and I heard a "Fuck yeah! Oh that's nice" from her before she resumed exploring my coochi with her tongue.

It didn't take long and I could see James' balls start to rise up and his strokes became faster and faster. 

So I wet my thumb in my mouth and slid my hand around to insert my thumb in his ass. He stopped his stroking for a second and I could feel his sphincter muscles contract and pulse and I knew he was coming. I felt one pulse, two pulses and then he pulled back and I grabbed his cock and directed the next spurt of his come into my mouth and then managed to get the whole head of it into my mouth to suck it dry through the rest of his squirts. 

When James was done, I gently rolled Heather off of me, sat up and then bent over to share James's come with her. We had a long slow tongue kiss, savoring the flavors of her pussy and his come from my tongue and my pussy juices from hers. It felt so good and so right to be holding Heather and sharing the product of our love. 

Then James exclaimed, "Holy shit, I have to get rolling. I'm sorry my angels but I have to go." 

And we heard him run into the kitchen and quickly wash up before running out the door.

"Pity," said Heather, "I would have cleaned his cock off, if he had waited a few more seconds." 

That triggered a fit of the giggles from both of us that broke the mood. I leaned down again and gave her a quick smacking kiss and said, "We should follow suit, I guess you said we had some shopping to do before the pool party."

"Yes we do," she replied. "Why don't you go retrieve your clothes and join me in the shower?" 

I walked into the kitchen and retrieved my shorts and panties and found my shirt but no bra. I looked but couldn't find it. I finally gave up and followed the sound of running water to the bathroom off the master bedroom. They had a beautiful house. I was really jealous.

"Hello," I called out, "Knock. Knock."

"Come on in," Heather yelled back. "I'm just about to get out. I'll leave the water running for you."

"Thanks," I said as I stepped into the shower and gave Heather a big hug. We hugged under the pelting rain from the shower for a minute and then Heather gave me a quick kiss as she left. The shower felt good and I emerged feeling well fucked and refreshed.

Chapter 2 - Girls on a Mission

Heather was just finishing up getting dressed when I stepped into the bedroom drying my hair off. 

"Shirts and shorts are definitely the attire for today" she said giving a little twirl. 

"I seem to have lost my bra" I said. "I looked all over the kitchen, but I couldn't find it."

"Well it has to be there," said Heather perplexed. "We can find it later. Where we are going today it would just get in the way anyway. Just toss your clothes on and we'll go." 

I did, but I felt really self-conscious. I haven't gone out in public without a bra since I was 12. 

I told Heather that and she said, "No problem. Since I don't have a bra that will fit you, I'll just do this," as she pulled her shirt off and unsnapped her bra and took it off. 

Oh how I envied those big breasts of hers. 

As she pulled her shirt back down she said, "Now we are twins". 

I looked down and my big fat mouth shot off, "Not while you have those magnificent tits and I have these mosquito bites." 

A second later I found myself wrapped up in her arms and both of us sitting on the bed. As she smothered my face with kisses she told me that was part of what James found so attractive about me. 

She said that guys love variety. If we were all tall skinny blonde amazon women with large breasts that men would get bored and go fuck sheep. The image of Rick out fucking a sheep set me off with another giggle attack which started Heather giggling and we couldn't stop.

I finally cupped her face with my hands and kissed her long and slow and said, "Thank you." 

She just hugged me and said, "Now let's go shopping."

It wasn't until much later that I found out my bra was in James suit jacket pocket all day. He thought it would be funny. Ha ha.

The first stop was a butcher shop that had the most amazing meats. They had exotic meats like antelope steaks and buffalo and a sign that said lion steaks were the special of the day. As we looked around, the butcher's eyes kept following us. He was just staring at our breasts. This made my nipples stand out even more. We picked out some really great looking rib eye steaks and some T-bones, "for variety," Heather said. 

"What, no sheep?" I said and we both started giggling all over again. 

The butcher just stared at us. So I pulled my shirt down which accentuated the nipples poking through my shirt. I was really enjoying being a tease. 

Heather paid for the meat and we put it out in her car. She had prepared ahead and there was an ice chest with plenty of ice in the back. 

My eyebrow went up and she said, "The butcher shop will be sold out of decent steaks by noon so I always go there first." 

Made sense to me.

Next stop was the grocery store where we picked up some potatoes to go with the steaks and some lettuce and other stuff for a salad and an apple and a pecan pie for dessert. When she picked up 5 cans of whipping cream I asked why so many? 

"Because, you can put whipped cream on a lot more than pie, my apprentice," she said in a deep voice.

Despite repeated requests she wouldn't say more and I dropped it.

We paid for the groceries and headed out to her car. She put a towel down over the steaks and we put the things that needed to stay cool in the cooler. Heather looked at her watch and declared that it was lunch time. 

As we were driving she confessed, "I've never eaten here before, but I have always wanted to go. It's a little tea room and you have to make reservations in advance. I could never see James going with me, as the pictures kind of make it seem a bit too girly. But I thought we might enjoy it."

"Sounds like an adventure to me," I said. 

We got there a few minutes early for our seating and I felt really underdressed and I could tell Heather did too. But we were here and we were going to make the most of it. The rest of our seating finally showed up just before it was time and I didn't feel so bad. 

There were several other young women dressed in shirts and shorts. Two of them were seated with us and it turned out they were sisters. 

"I'm Mel and this is my sister Belle," the smaller of the sisters said. 

We introduced ourselves and over the next hour we chatted like old friends and found out that Mel was short for Melody and she was single. Belle had just gotten married and was looking to get out. Her new husband was not very experienced sexually and it was killing her. Heather caught my eye and shook her head, so I kept my story to myself. All in all it was a lovely lunch but I could see that James and Rick would both be dying by the end of it. 

"Now that we have been suitably fortified," Heather said, "It is time to go swimsuit shopping."

"I have a swimsuit," I said. 

"Not like these, honey," Heather replied "These are drop dead, make their eyes pop out of their heads, eye candy swim suits."

We drove to a nearby strip mall and parked in front of a relatively unimpressive storefront. The mannequins in the window seemed to be wearing pretty ordinary bikinis until I noticed that what I first took to be material was just paint and the real material was just 3 small triangles of cloth held together with string. 

Oh my. I was blushing just looking at the mannequins. 

We opened the door that had a discrete, 'You must be over 21 to enter' sign. 

As my eyes adjusted to the relative darkness, a very sexy contralto voice said, "May I see your ID please?" 

My highly intellectual response of ,"Huh?" was met with, "Your ID? I need to verify that you are over 21." 

As I dug my driver's license out of my purse I had flashback of going to bars and getting carded, but that hadn't happened in years. 

After checking my ID, the young lady said, "Thank you. Sorry but it is policy that if we don't know someone and if they look young we have to card them. Please feel free to browse and I will be around to answer any questions." 

As she turned and headed back to the front desk I saw that what I had taken for a patterned top and capris were really her tattoos and she was wearing one of the bikinis from the window display. This really hid nothing, especially from the back.

Heather called to get my attention and I walked over to where she was looking at some displays. 

As I got closer I whispered to her, "Why the ID check at the door?" 

Heather turned and said, "Oh, you got carded? Sorry dear. They sell more than bikinis here. They sell lingerie and sex toys and they have a whole back room full of dungeon equipment you can special order." 

My jaw dropped and my eyes must have bugged out. 

Heather continued, "If we have time, I'll take you back and you can see if there are any toys you'd like to use on Rick. They have some lovely whips and paddles back there. But first, let's focus on killer bikinis."

With that last statement, I know my mouth was hanging open in shock.

We did finally settle on a couple of bikinis and some sheer swimsuit cover ups that enhanced rather than covered up. And I did get my tour of the back rooms. Wow. I still have a lot to learn. I did buy a vibrator with two rubber penises, one big one for my pussy and a smaller one for my ass. But I guess that I could flip it around. I also bought a butt plug with a horse tail whip. I don't know why, it just amused me.

We took our purchases to the front and now that my eyes had adjusted to the dim light, I could see the girl who carded me was gorgeous. Tall and slender with full breasts, if she had normal clothes on you would still stare at her as she walked down the street. But with just the tiniest of bikinis on you could see her tattoos following the outline of a shirt and shorts. 

I had to ask and I found out that they had taken almost 4 years to do. Her boyfriend was a tattoo artist and she was his canvas. They actually covered her areola as well inside the lips of her pussy (she showed us). I couldn't imagine how much the tattoos on her breasts hurt but the ones on her pussy lips. No. Just no. 

So we paid and left stepping back out into the blinding sun. 

"Let's go home," Heather said. "I'll make up some cabernet fruit slushies and we can sip them out by the pool".

So we did.

Chapter 3 - Friends Don't Let Friends

James found us completely drunk and naked in the pool when he got home later. Fortunately he had arrived just before I was going to attempt to drive home. That would not have been a good move on my part. 

Instead, he suggested I stay in their guest bedroom and have Rick come over in the morning. I called Rick and at first he was pissed off that I wasn't coming home but when he listened to me, he asked if he needed to come get me because he could tell I was drunk. 

I told him no. That they had a guest room and I was going to crash there tonight. He could come over early, but he said he had an early golf game so he would be there in the afternoon. We kissed and made up over the phone and I went back out to Heather and James by the pool. 

James reached into his pocket and pulled out my bra and apologized for running off with it. I stared at it for a minute and then realized what it was. I started laughing. I was drunk after all and it seemed hysterically funny that I had searched high and low in the kitchen and he had it in his pocket the whole time.

"Thank you kind sir" I said taking my bra from him, "You deserve a reward." 

I unbuckled his pants and pulled out his cock and sucked on it until it was nice and hard. Then I let it go and walked over to the pool and jumped in.

"You are just going to leave me like this?" he whined. 

"I never said I was going to finish you off," I said over my shoulder. 

Heather, sitting in the hot tub started to laugh, and then said, "I'm sorry but you look so pathetic over there with your dick hanging out. Just get naked and join us and maybe we'll have pity on you."

I don't remember much more of that night except a couple more smoothies and at some point we were watching videos of the two of them having sex with a farm girl that they knew. And it was pretty hot sex we were watching, considering I was sitting in James lap with his dick up my ass and Heather licking my pussy with a couple fingers inside me. 

Eventually, I did find my way to the guest bed after a quick shower with Heather. And I woke up just after noon with a much milder hangover than I deserved. Heather attributed that to the fruit in the smoothies. 

My clothes had been freshly washed and dried and I threw them on, including the bra this time, and headed towards the sounds of activity in the kitchen.

"Good morning sleepy head," Heather called out when she saw me. 

"Good afternoon" I said. "I'm sorry I slept so long. What can I do to help out?"

"Well, the steaks are marinating. I just finished scrubbing the potatoes. I decided we are going to have margaritas so I need to get the margarita maker set up and we need the salad stuff washed and put together."
