 The crew at the pool store spent more than forty hours out of their weeks with each other. During that time they helped customers, stocked shelves, and cleaned the store. These are normal duties for retail employees. But on days when it rained the store’s climate completely changed. Who goes to a pool store when it’s raining out? The summer that Marie joined the pool store staff was a particularly rainy one, giving her lots of time to get to know her fellow employees. Marie seemed quiet at first. The seasoned members of the staff figured that she wouldn’t have any great impact on any of their summers. It wasn’t until the last few weeks of that season that one integral member of the staff would find out otherwise… 

There were display spas set up on the property, specifically used in selling the product to customers. A few of them were filled and maintained so that interested buyers could test out the product before they invested in it. Marie had learned very early on in the season that many of the employees used the spas for their own personal pleasure after work hours. She naively approached her manager Dave and asked if he would take her in the spa one night. “I have not been in a spa since I was a kid,” she claimed, “I want to use it before the summer is over and I miss my chance.” 

Dave was reluctant to let her use the spa, but the invitation sent questions racing around his head. He began to think of things that were extremely inappropriate in his position. He was her manager, he was 26, he should stay professional. She was only 19 years old. Nonetheless, he wondered what it would be like to kiss her, to touch her body, to fuck her. Realizing that it was not professional to be thinking these things, Dave tried to let the subject disappear. He never gave her an answer and he figured that he would never have to face his questions. But Marie naively persisted. She really wanted to use the spa before she had to leave for college.

Finally Dave gave in, and one night when they were closing the store alone together, they planned to take a dip. While she went into the bathroom to change into her bathing suit he quickly changed next to the spa. A thousand thoughts were racing through his head. The hot water from the spa was already making the room steamy. Dave wasn’t sure what to do. He had been fantasizing about this since she first asked him to go with her. But he was still unsure that she wanted the same thing he did. They worked together so much, and there always seemed to be an unspoken desire between them. But he was seven years her elder, and her manager.

His mind was full of questions and ran a mile a minute. Suddenly, Marie emerged from the bathroom wearing a red two-piece bathing suit. It was a bra-type top and short bottoms. He looked up and saw her approaching. He realized that he had never seen this girl in anything but her work uniform. Her usual timid and plain exterior definitely was stripped away. Her body was small and tight, yet still curvy. Dave’s thoughts stopped. His body told him that he had to at least try.

Marie was so happy to be using the spa. As she got in she was asking Dave all kinds of questions about the special features. Dave was slightly annoyed at this, but he knew he had to be nice. He wasn’t quite sure how to handle this situation because he assumed that Marie was inexperienced. Everyone in the store thought so. But he wanted her just the same. As she tried to sit down in the water she realized that she was too small. The water was filled so high that she could not sit in the seats or it would be over her head. Dave figured that this was the perfect opportunity to make a move. 

He reached over with his strong arm, grabbing her around her waist and pulling her down onto his lap. “You can sit here,” he said. She was shocked. She truly had not been expecting what Dave was planning. Before she had time to think about what was happening Dave pressed his mouth to hers. His kiss was firm yet tender. Although it was unexpected, it was not unwelcome. She responded by licking his lips and then slowly parted them with her tongue. He was surprised at her sensual response. It turned out that she really had wanted this all along, she just didn’t know it. She grabbed the back of his head and forced him to continue.

Excited by the positive response he caressed her arm, and then moved his hand around her back and undid her bathing suit top, letting it fall to the water. Her tits were small but perky. He lightly pinched her nipple as he continued kissing her. “Is this really happening?” he thought as he slid his other hand down her wet stomach and into her shorts. He was surprised to find that her pussy was clean-shaven. As he pushed two long fingers into her she pulled her head away from his and gasped in ecstasy. She felt him begin to get hard. She began to kiss his neck and ears in hopes that he would continue. 

Dave fingered her tight pussy until she began to arch her back and moan loudly. She was distracted how good it felt that she had not yet touched him. He decided to take matters into his own hands. He picked her up and put her on the edge of the spa. The hot water ran off her body as he pulled the shorts down and over her ankles. Dropping his own shorts, he stood up between her spread legs and pushed his hard, waiting cock into her. Her back arched as she dug her nails into his arms and looked him straight in the eye. His cock felt so good inside of her. With every stroke he hit the right spot. She had never had sex like this before.

His strong body was supporting her from falling off the edge of the spa. He was huge compared to her petite frame. It made her feel small and vulnerable, and that turned her on. Feeling the strength of his body against hers, she grasped his back and moaned loudly, “Oh Dave, fuck me!” He never expected that this would be happening. She was so young and tiny and there she was commanding him to fuck her. 

“Do you want to get out of here then?” he asked as he pulled out and picked her up off of the spa wall. They got out of the spa, and laid on the display decking that was surrounding it. Dave laid on his back and let her climb on top of him. He did not expect her to kiss him back in the beginning, let alone let him fuck her, so he decided to see what else she would do. Marie climbed on top of him, and grabbed his still hard cock. She put two fingers from her other hand into her pussy and fingered herself for a minute while she teased him with the idea that he would soon be in there. 

Pulling her own fingers out and licking them, she replaced them with Dave’s cock and began to ride him. She went slowly at first; trying to make sure that he could really feel her. She kissed him as she moved up and down on his cock. He let out a quiet sigh of pleasure as she began to quicken her pace. She sat up and reached around to grab his balls. As she pressed her body back against his, his breath got shallower, he began to lift himself up to her as she came down, pressing his cock even farther into her cunt.

He was going to cum. She could tell. Everything about his body was telling her. She rode his cock hard for a minute, looked him straight in the eye….and stopped. “What are you doing!?!?” he yelled. 

“I don’t want you to cum yet,” she said, “I’m not done with you.”

“What!” he exclaimed.

“I want you to fuck me from behind so I can feel you all the way inside of me,” Marie told him. 

And with that she stood up and turned around on the stairs of the display deck. He got behind her, following her cue, and looked at her ass and dripping wet pussy. His cock was throbbing. He had wanted to cum before, and he planned to take out his frustrations on her. He began to fuck her hard. He reached around to grab one of her tits and pinched her nipple as he rammed into her. She screamed! She loved his cock. It filled her just the right way. He fucked her harder and harder. She began to squeeze his dick with her pussy. She wanted to milk him dry.

Dave watched her tight ass as he fucked her. He knew he was going to cum soon. He listened to her moaning, he never suspected that she could be this dirty. It made him so hot. The little girl he had worked with all summer was a slut that loved dick. Not just any dick, but HIS dick. He brought up his hand and brought it back down hard on her ass. “Ahh, I’ve been so bad,” she yelled, “spank me again.” He grabbed her by her hair with one hand as he spanked her with the other. She loved having his cock inside her and he knew that. 

“I’m going to cum,” he warned her.

“Do it on my ass,” she commanded him. Just then he pulled out and came hard all over her ass. He could not believe the release. He had not had sex like that in…well, ever. Still on her hands and knees, she turned to look at him in the eye as she ran a finger through his jizz and brought it up to her mouth, licking it off. 

“I was waiting for that all summer,” she told her boss. He could not believe that this sweet 19 year old girl had just completely transformed in front of his eyes. He almost wanted to laugh at himself for worrying so much about visiting the spa with her. 

They got back into their clothes, and he remembered the quiet girl that he had worked with all summer. It was almost like Marie was a completely different person once she took off her work clothes. She looked up at him with her innocent blue eyes and asked him, “Did I do ok, boss?” 

He laughed and told her, “If you ever need a reference for another job you’ll get a great one from me!” 

They locked the doors for the night and headed toward the parking lot. As he drove home he couldn’t help but wonder if he would ever have the chance to fuck her again.