 I had been out drinking with Jim the night before but, since I was home on break from college, I didn't have to get up and go to work. Unfortunately for Jim, he did, so I wasn't surprised to wake up alone in his room. My head wasn't feeling too bad, but I was parched, so I headed down to the kitchen. I could hear the aerobics instructor on the TV as I entered the kitchen and glanced into the family room as I opened the refrigerator. I froze in my tracks as I spotted Donna's ass aimed directly at me. Donna was Jim's sister, about 6 or 8 years older than us. I hadn't seen her in a while, but she'd obviously been doing a lot of aerobics since I'd been away at college.

I managed to grab a bottle of water without taking my eyes off of her, then closed the fridge and moved to the doorway. Her ass looked amazing and was barely covered by the bottom piece of her aerobics outfit, the top half of which looked to be made up of a tube top and something like suspenders. Remember those stylish outfits? Thank you, Jane Fonda!

As she continued to bend forward, I swear I could make out the groove where the spandex was tucking into the cleft of her pussy. My cock was in danger of bursting out of my jeans. The next exercise required Donna to lie on her back on the floor and raise her legs. I couldn't see her ass anymore, but it didn't bother me because I was now staring at her cleavage. The top was indeed a tube top, which her large tits pushed out allowing me to see the sweat gathering between them. By this time, she knew I was there in the doorway, but I don't know whether she was assuming I was ogling her or the instructor on the TV. As the show wrapped up, I decided to hang out and see what happened, despite the obvious rise in my Levi's. I thought maybe if she headed up to use the shower, there might be a chance I could sneak a peek at her, either before, during or after.

Donna got up and shut off the TV, then leaned over to roll up her workout mat, giving me another spectacular view of her cleavage. She smiled and said "Hi" as she approached me, then, looking down, she reached out and grabbed my bulge, remarking, "Maybe my workout isn't over yet." Standing there, our faces about 12 inches apart, looking into each other's eyes, I could smell the sweat on her as she asked if I'd like to join her in the shower. I nodded dumbly and managed not to say anything stupid, following her as she walked away. Her ass was at eye level as I followed her up the stairs, looking firm and sculpted. She turned right at the top of the stairs, going into her parents' bedroom and straight into the master bathroom.

She turned to face me inside the bathroom, taking the bottle of water from me as I stared at her. She started to drink, letting some of the water run out of the corners of her mouth to drip down onto her chest. I reached out and slid the tube top down, exposing her large, firm breasts. The water dripped right onto her nipples, causing them to stiffen even more, pulling her large areolas taut. I leaned down and began to lick up the water cascading over her chest, running my tongue over her nipples and areolas in the process. When Donna had drained the bottle and the water stopped coming, I kept working on her tits, sucking her nipples between my lips. I let one of my hands drop from her waist down between her legs and gently rubbed her pussy through the spandex.

Donna enjoyed my attentions for a few minutes before taking my face between her hands and bringing it up where she could kiss it. I put my arms around her and pulled her against the straining bulge in my jeans as we made out passionately, slipping my hands down onto her ass. As I was about to slide my hands down into her bottoms, Donna pulled away and dropped to her knees on the bathroom rug. She quickly unfastened my jeans and yanked them down, discovering that I wasn't wearing underwear as my cock sprung out in her face. She wasted no time in deep-throating me, her nose soon touching my pubes. I was in heaven, feeling her hot mouth engulfing my raging tool. She ran her tongue over the base of my shaft before sliding it back out again. Gripping my tool at the base with one hand, she pumped it as she slid her mouth up and down over and over. Her free hand would fondle my balls or squeeze my ass.

Her oral skills were quite amazing and, given the worked up state she'd already put me in, I was quickly on the verge of shooting my load. Somehow she drew out the pleasure I was feeling with a combination of oral and manual techniques, making me long for the impending climax. Her warm, wet mouth traveled up and down my shaft, which seemed to continue to engorge with blood with each pass. Finally, I felt as though I was approaching the brink as her hand maintained its rhythm at the root of my shaft. With a groan of relief, I exploded into her mouth. She kept sucking, milking my orgasm out of me, until I had nothing left to give. As I recovered, she stood and turned on the shower.

I stepped out of my jeans as she pulled my shirt over my head, then, as she let the suspenders drop down her arms, I grasped the waistband of her bottoms and began to slide them down. Lowering myself to the floor, I was at eye-level with her pussy as I exposed it. Her bush was trim and light brown, though currently matted with sweat. I helped her step out of her bottoms as the tube top dropped to the floor beside them. I looked up at her firm, fit, naked form above me, still in disbelief that this was actually happening.

Donna stepped away from me and into the shower, gesturing for me to get up and join her. I stood and followed her, moving into her outstretched arms under the warm spray. I pushed the door closed behind me then wrapped my own arms around her, bringing my face to hers in a passionate kiss. Our tongues explored each other's mouths as I slipped my hands down to hold her tight, muscular ass while my flaccid cock pressed against her flat abdomen. We started by washing each other's hair, then I took the soap and washed her entire body. I started by lathering her ripe, firm tits, teasing her nipples and gently stroking beneath them. I then worked over her arms and shoulders, down her back and around to her stomach. I skipped over her pussy, going to her feet and working my way up her legs to her ass. I massaged her ass and slipped a finger between her cheeks to also massage her anus. All that was left was her pussy, so I slipped a soapy hand through her bush and began to slowly slide it up and down between her lips and over her clit. Donna clung onto me and moaned as I stimulated her, pushing her hips toward my hand. She was pretty worked up herself, so it was only a few minutes of continuous stimulation before she let out a moan and shuddered against my shoulder, experiencing a nice orgasm.

Once she'd caught her breath, Donna started to work on soaping me up. Her hands felt good on my body and by the time she got to my cock and balls, I was starting to get hard again. We rinsed each other off and Donna turned the water off. She reached out for a towel and dried me off, paying particular attention to my rising tool. I then took the towel and worked on toweling her off. I made sure her tits were nice and dry and as I dried her legs, I kept brushing the towel against her pussy. After we'd stepped out of the shower, I handed the towel back to her but, as she wrapped it around her hair, I dropped to my knees where she'd been kneeling a little while earlier. Darting my tongue into her bush, I began to lick her pussy.

Donna leaned against the sink and spread her legs, allowing me great access to her hot pussy. After slurping up the juices collecting between her lips, I started tonguing her clit while slipping a couple of fingers into her. She gyrated her hips toward my face, moaning softly and fondling her tits while I ate her out. The taste of sweat had been washed from her skin, so all I was tasting was the sweet and pungent juices she was secreting for me. My cock was already waving from my lap, as rigid as a pole, but I wanted to give Donna another orgasm before I finally got to fuck her. I had a feeling fucking her was going to be outstanding. I worked on her clit with my tongue, licking and flicking, and occasionally sucking on it. With my fingers pumping in and out, I'd also twist them slightly back and forth. Donna dropped one of her hands to the back of my head, holding it while pushing her pussy toward my face. She was getting louder and louder with each passing second and, as I figured she was right up there on the brink of cumming, I slipped my fingers out of her and grabbed her ass with both hands. I pulled her against me, slurping on her clit as she continued to hump my face. Finally, jamming her pelvis against me, Donna froze for a second or two, then let out a long, low, guttural moan, convulsing a few times as she came.

I kept on slurping as she enjoyed her orgasm, but when she let go of my head, I stood, my rigid cock bridging the distance between us. Donna reached down, taking it in her hand and stroking it as I lifted her onto the counter. She guided me to her opening and I pushed my hips forward, slipping easily into her well-lubed pussy. She wrapped her legs around mine and her arms around my neck as I leaned on the counter and started fucking her. Her pussy felt amazing, so hot and slippery, as she whispered words of encouragement in my ear, my cock sliding in and out of her. I grabbed onto her ass to keep her from sliding away from me on the counter, continuing to fuck her slowly, enjoying the pleasurable sensations. After a while, I pulled out of her and pulled her forward off the counter. I gave her a quick kiss, then turned her around and, as she leaned on the counter on her elbows, rubbed my cock between her legs. Finding my slippery destination, I pushed into her again and, grabbing her hips, embedded myself fully. I felt one of Donna's hands briefly brush my balls before I started fucking her again and assumed she would be putting it to work on her own clit.

I stared at Donna's amazing ass as I fucked her, my hands on her hips. Eventually, I slid my hands up along her ribcage and around to cup her tits. Her hard nipples pressed against my palms, so I brushed them lightly with my hands as I continued to slide my cock in and out of her. I was fucking her a little bit harder in this position then I had been when she'd been sitting on the counter, wanting to get as deep into her as I could. Donna seemed to be enjoying this as she was letting out little grunts each time I pushed into her. I straightened up again and grabbed her hips so I could continue to fuck her hard, knowing that my orgasm wouldn't be very far off and hoping the case was the same with her. I got a little overzealous in my fucking and wound up pulling out too far, slipping free of her confines. Before I could slip back in, Donna asked me to wait and started to turn around.

She gripped my tool as she pushed me backward toward the toilet. I sat down, expecting her to straddle me, but was pleasantly surprised when she turned and backed toward me. I steadied her by holding her hips as she reached between her legs to guide my cock to her approaching pussy. Once we were aligned, she sat down on me and I again slipped easily into her. As she started bouncing up and down on my rod, I leaned back and held onto her hips. I could feel her fingertips on my shaft occasionally as I was sliding out and assumed that she was working on her clit with those fingertips as she was riding me. She was moaning and riding me pretty hard, so I started pushing my hips up and pulling down on her hips at the same time as she came down. I had been correct about fucking Donna being outstanding; I was loving every second of it. Her moans echoed off the tile in the small bathroom as I felt my orgasm beginning to arrive. From the sounds she was making, it sounded like Donna's orgasm wasn't too far off, either. Her riding was getting faster and faster so I continued pushing into her as deeply as I could while trying to delay my orgasm until she'd cum. Suddenly, her pussy felt as though it had been flooded with additional lubricant and I knew I would be in trouble if she didn't cum soon. Luckily, that flood was a precursor to her orgasm and just as I felt I wasn't going to be able to hold out long enough, Donna came. She slammed herself down on my lap and rode out her orgasm, delaying mine by halting her movements. The feelings of tremors coursing through her slippery pussy kept me on the edge until she finally started slowly moving up and down on me again. I pushed into her a few more times, her pussy more engorged and lubricated and, unbelievably, feeling even better than it had, and abruptly began pumping my cum into her.

Once I'd stopped cumming, Donna settled onto my lap again and we both tried to catch our breath. After a few minutes, Donna started to get up, saying that we had to get moving so she wouldn't be late for work and that she wanted to have time to drive me home first. As she bent over to pick up our clothes, I stared at all that she revealed to me and knew I wanted to fuck her again. Unfortunately, I had neither the time nor the stamina to do it at that moment, so I just got up and followed her into her bedroom. She tossed my clothes onto her bed but asked me not to get dressed just yet. Instead, I lay there and watched her as we talked and she got ready for work. She hung her aerobics gear on the back of her door, replacing her work uniform, which she took down to put on. She worked as a waitress at an upscale restaurant nearby, one that didn't go for that khakis and denim shirt look. She pulled a few things from a dresser drawer that turned out to be her underwear. She stepped into her panties and pulled them on, hiding some of my favorite parts from me. Next, she wrapped her bra around her waist and hooked it before spinning it around and pulling it up to cover more of my favorite parts. She pulled on some hose in some shade of tan, then pulled on the polyester uniform dress. The uniform was not all that flattering, but I still found her quite attractive.

Donna's demeanor was sort of giggly and giddy as she dressed and moved on to taking care of her hair and makeup. I took this as a good sign that she was happy about what had happened between us. Once she'd put the finishing touches on her appearance, she reluctantly had me get dressed and we each gathered our things. She locked up the house and we headed down to her car. During the drive to my house, Donna suggested that if I wasn't too busy, maybe we could hook up during her break for a quickie. I was absolutely in favor of that and enthusiastically told her so. We made plans for what time I would pick her up outside the restaurant. Outside my house, we made out for a few minutes until she was pushing getting to work on time. I watched her drive away and immediately started looking forward to seeing her again.

Later that day, I pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant just as Donna was emerging from the front door. She hopped into my car and directed me toward the back of the parking lot. It was already dark and the overflow lot was empty. I parked and killed the lights, then we both jumped into the back seat. Donna was on her hands and knees pulling her skirt up around her waist and sliding her panties and hose down to her knees as I was opening my jeans and pushing them down. I wasted no time in guiding my cock between her legs, rubbing it against her pussy before pushing into her. We both groaned with relief as I embedded myself to the hilt. I could already feel her hand working between her legs as I grasped her by the hips and started fucking her again. Donna had already indicated that she had a limited amount of time, so we both went to work furiously, in pursuit of individual and mutual orgasms. My hips were slapping against Donna's muscular ass as her fingers danced over her clit. Had it not been for the chill in the air outside the car, we'd probably have been working up quite a sweat.

It didn't take long before I felt my orgasm bubbling toward the surface and, judging by how wet and hot Donna had already been when I'd penetrated her, I didn't expect that she was too far off, either. I felt my cock beginning to swell and was hoping that was helping her along. By the sounds she was making, it seemed to be helping. The pleasure continued to build as I kept fucking her good and hard until I finally shoved my cock into her as deeply as I could and began to shoot my wad. With the first spasm of my cock, Donna cried out and I could feel her shuddering beneath me as we came simultaneously.

Once I was spent, I pulled out and sat down, working my jeans back up, as Donna got her panties, hose and skirt back into place. After checking the time, she sat beside me and we made out in the back seat of my car for a few minutes before we both hopped back into the front seat and headed toward the restaurant again. After another kiss, Donna was gone. My vacation turned out to be a very interesting one, what with sneaking around to see Donna without letting her family know about us. Going back to school was tough, but Donna promised she'd come visit frequently.