 I met Max at a party. He was there with a date, and I was with some friends. We were introduced to each other by the host of the party. We shook hands, said pleasantries to each other, and then we went our separate ways.

All during the party, I felt like someone was watching me. I would look around the room, and notice Max would be watching me while he was talking with people.

I would smile at him out of kindness. But I was thinking what the hell, you have a date here with you. I went back to mingling with other guests.

Every time I would turn around I would see Max watching me. It was starting to bother me. I went outside to get some fresh air. It was getting very stuffy in the house. While I was out on the back patio, Max approached me.

"Hi, Sarah, right?" Max asked me.

I responded, "Yes that's right'"

"Are you here alone?" Max asked.

"I'm here with friends, you?" I replied.

Max responded, "I am here with a date. But she seems to be more interested in someone else here tonight."

"I'm sorry to hear that." I told him.

Max shrugged his shoulders, "No big deal, we don't seem to mesh well together."

"Is that why you have been watching me all evening?" I asked him with a smile.

Max smiled back at me, and said. "Yeah, I would like to get to know you better." "Maybe we could go out to dinner together sometime?" he asked me.

"Sure, I'll go out to dinner with you. But you have to be single first." I told him.

"That won't be a problem." He said, then asked me, "Can I get your phone number?"

I gave him my number, and he gave me his. My friends then came out to collect me to head home.

Two days later...

I received a text for Max asking when I would be available for dinner. I text him back, and told him anytime. So, we made plans for this coming Saturday.

We starting texting back, and forth. We were getting along very well. So, I was getting very excited about our date on Saturday.

On Friday night, I got an odd text from Max. He was asking me if I was Sub or Dom?

I responded with, "I am dominant most of the time, but I would think that I could be sub as well."

Max then asked me, "Would you be willing to have some fun?"

Okay, how was I to take that comment? Finally, I came back to him with, "I always want to have fun."

Max replied back to me with some questions, "Do you have a corset, high heeled slut boots, and a long coat?"

I told him that I do have the boots, and coat. But not a corset.

Max just responded with, "Buy one. Tomorrow night I want you to only wear the corset, boots, and coat. Nothing else."

I then asked him, "Not even panties?"

All Max said was, "No."

"So you want me to go out in public with no clothes on?" I asked him.

Max responded, "That's right, so I can have easy access to you with no interference." Then he went on to tell me, "If you have anything on, other than what I told you. You will be punished!"

"Punished?" I asked him.

"Yes, whenever you don't listen to me, or my instructions. You will be punished." Max told me.

I could not believe this; I don't give up control easily. Then I figured why not it could be fun to not be in control for once. All I text back to Max is, "Understood."

Saturday morning...

I Know I had to find a corset for my date with Max tonight. I found a specialty shop online in the next town over. I knew that I would not be able to just go to any old place, due to being a bigger, curvy woman. 

I went to the shop. The woman running the shop was great, she measured me, and helped me find a sexy corset that I liked. Also, it was one easy enough for me to tie up myself.

I went home, to get ready. I shaved all over, I made sure my pussy was nice, and clean. I put lotion and powder all over my body to smell good.

I went to put on my new corset. After a few minutes of struggling, I got the damn thing laced up. I looked in my full-length mirror. I felt very sexy, hell my tits were about ready to burst out.

I slipped on my boots. I haven't worn them in quite a while, they make me very tall with them on. Again, I looked in the mirror. "Damn, I look hot!" I said to myself.

I still had about 30 minutes before Max was due over to pick me up. I so wanted to touch my pussy. But, my gut told me not to touch myself, because it might upset Max if I were to cum without him.

So, I got up, went out in the living room to wait. I was so excited, and anxious to see Max.

At 7:00 pm my doorbell rang. I got very nervous all of a sudden. I grabbed my trench coat, to cover myself up, and I answered the door.

Max was standing there, he was looking at me up, and down. I stepped back, and invited him inside.

When Max came in he turned around, and asked me, 

"What do you have on under the coat?"

I was leaning against the door, so I told him, "Just my corset, like you requested."

Max looks at me in the eyes, "Take off your coat."

I slowly opened my coat, I pushed off the door to take it off. Again, Max looks me up, and down. When he got back to my face he had a sly smile on his face.

Max walks over to me, he put his hands on my shoulders, and pushed me to my knees. I looked up at him to see what he wanted me to do.

"Open my pants." He told me. "I want you to suck my cock before we go out." He said.

I opened his trousers, and pulled out his cock. It was hard, and the tip glistened with precum. I licked the tip of his cock before I put the whole thing in my mouth. He was about 7" long, with a thick shaft, large mushroom topped head, and very large balls.

I was able to take all of his cock in my mouth. It touched the back of my throat, and made me gag a bit. I pulled off a little bit so I would not gag. Max grabbed my hair, and started shoving his cock down my throat. 

Max was fucking my face, I looked up at him and he had his head tilted back with his eyes closed. I started moving faster on his cock. I wrapped a hand around the base of his cock to stroke him, and to create a stop so I wouldn't gag. He started tensing up, I knew he was about to cum, then I felt his cum hitting the back of my throat. I was able to swallow all of it.

When Max was done, he pulled out of my mouth, and wiped his cock on my cheek. He pulled up his pants, and got himself adjusted. 

I was still on my knees, looking at him. He stepped back, and told me to get up. I did so, and I started to move to go to the bathroom to clean up. "Where are you going?" Max asked me.

"I was going to go get cleaned up before we leave." I told him.

"No you're not, leave it there." He told me. "Get your coat on, and let's go." He ordered.

I put my coat back on, grabbed my purse, and we headed out to the restaurant. When we got to the restaurant, Max gave them his name, and we were seated.

We were seated at a back table. The waiter asked if he could help me with my coat. "No thank you, I am chilled. So, I will take it off when I warm up." I told him with a smile.

He bowed, and stepped away. Max laughed, "Your learning your role. Good job, I would hate to have to punish you." He told me.

"Can I ask how you will punish me?" I questioned him.

"When was the last time you got a spanking?" He answered.

I squirmed in my seat. "It's been a long time." I replied.

The waiter came over to take our drink orders. We each ordered a glass of wine. Once he brought us our wine, we gave him our orders for dinner.

Max looked me in the eye, and told me move my coat off my leg. I did, and he put his hand on my thigh. He started rubbing his hand up, and down my inner thigh. He would get very close to my pussy, then back off. It was driving me insane. 

Max smiled at me, "Does this feel good?" he asked me.

I looked at him, and asked quietly, "Will you please touch my pussy!" 

Max looked at me seriously, "Beg for it." Was all he said.

I leaned in closer to Max, and whispered to him, "Please, will you touch my pussy. I am in dire need of relief." I told him. "I want to feel your fingers on my clit. Please help me." I begged.

Max moved his hand further up my inner thigh, He pulled my legs apart further, and started rubbing my pussy. I sighed, it felt so good.

Max inserted one finger into my pussy. He was finger fucking me under the table. When I was on the verge of an orgasm, he pulled out. 

I sat there stunned, "Why did you stop?" I asked him.

He just smiled, nodded, and said "Dinner is here."

I was very frustrated. I just wanted to cum. We ate our dinner, and talked more to get to know one another better. 

I will admit we have great chemistry. We laughed, joked, and told stories. Except for the sexual frustrations for me, it has been a great night.

Max asked me, "Do you want to go get a drink?"

I responded to him, "I have wine at my place." "Would you like to go back there where it's quiet?" I asked Max.

"I think that would be a really good idea." Max replied.

We drove back to my place. While we were in the car Max opened my coat, and put his hand on my leg. He told me to spread my legs. So, I did. 

Max ran his hand up my inner thigh to my pussy. He opened my pussy lips with his fingers, started flicking my clit. I started to pant, and breath heavy. Max put his finger in my pussy, but only about an inch. I tried moving my hips to make his finger go in further. He removed his hand. I whimpered.

We got to my house, and we went inside. I left the coat on, and walked into the kitchen to get us each a glass of wine.

When I came back to the living room, Max was sitting in the chair, leering at me. "Take off your coat." He demanded.

I put the wine glasses down, and took off my coat. I stood in front of him just in my corset, and boots. Max looked me up, and down with a smirk on his face.

"Turn around, I want to see your ass." Max told me.

I turned my back to him. I could hear him behind me saying "That is a fuckable ass!"

I smiled, and told him, "Thank you" Then I asked him, "Do you want to fuck it, sir?"

Max chuckled, and told me to back up to him. I did so, and stopped right in front of him. He took his hands, and starting rubbing my ass cheeks. Then he slapped my ass. I jumped because I was not expecting it.

Max leaned in, to kiss my ass where he had just slapped me. Then he slapped my ass again, and then stopped to kiss the spot he slapped. I was getting turned on by the spanking.

Max asked me, "Do you like getting spanked?"

I shyly replied, "Yes."

Max smiled while he was rubbing my ass. "Have you been a bad girl?" "Do I need to put you over my knee?" 

I put my head down, and I said, "Yes."

Max got up, grabbed my hand, and led me over to a dining room table chair. He sat down, then pulled me over his lap. He started giving me a spanking. My ass was on fire.

While Max was spanking, me he was talking to me. "Whenever I tell you to do something, and you don't do it, you will get a spanking!" "Do you understand what I am telling you?" He asked me.

All I could say was "Yes, I understand."

Max stood me up, and was rubbing my ass. He then leaned over, and started kissing my ass cheeks. It was very soothing. 

While Max was kissing the area, he spanked, one of his hands went between my thighs. He started rubbing my pussy. Then he started finger fucking me. I was pushing back against his hand. He moved his hand so that he actually hooked his finger inside my pussy, and was rubbing my G-spot. OH, MY GOD! It felt fabulous. Max kept moving his finger, until I had an amazing orgasm that caused me to squirt.

It was so much of a relief to be allowed to cum. I sagged against the table.

Max went down on his knees, he ordered me to spread my legs further apart.

I did, and all of a sudden I feel his tongue on my pussy, and clit. I immediately had another orgasm. I was breathing hard trying to catch my breath. Max kept licking my pussy. He moaned, and said to me, "Your taste is so sweet, and it's addicting!"

My legs were shaking from the intensity of the orgasms that I just had. Max stood up behind me. I heard his belt come undone, his zipper going down, and his pants falling to the floor.

He pulled me up against him. I started grinding my ass against his cock. I could feel how hard he was, and I wanted his cock inside me now.

Max pushed me forward until I was leaning on the table. He spit on his cock, and then thrust into my pussy. It felt wonderful. Max began a rhythmic rocking in, and out of my pussy, while I am meeting every one of his thrusts.

I knew I was getting ready to cum again. Max reached around the front of me to start rubbing my clit. I started yelling at him. "Thrust harder, I want it harder!"

Max grabbed both of my hips, and started pounding my pussy. I squirted again when I came. Max suddenly pulled out of my pussy, turned me around, and pushed me to my knees. He grabbed my hair, and shoved his cock in my mouth. I could taste myself on his cock. Max started fucking my face. I felt his cock get thicker in my mouth. After a few more thrusts, he held my head in place on his cock while he came down my throat.

I could not swallow it all this time so some of it dribbled out the sides of my mouth. When he was done, he removed his cock, and wiped his cock on my cheek again.

He helped me up, and asked me, "Where is your bedroom?"

"It is down the hall, in the back of the house." I informed him.

He pulled up his pants, grabbed my hand, and led me to my room. When we got in the room, he got completely undressed. He had a beautiful body, he was very fit, with muscles in all the right places. His stomach was six pack abs. He didn't have much hair on his body, just a little patch on his chest, and groin area. He was very clean, and smooth.

He sat me down on the bed, and lifted one of my legs. He started unzipping the boot. As the zipper went down my leg Max kissed the exposed skin. He pulled off the boot, and did the same with the other leg.

Max got on his knees, spread my legs open, and kneeled between them. He then started rubbing my tits. Max said to me, "This corset is very sexy on you." Then he asked me, "Do you like it?"

"Actually I really do like it. It makes me feel very sexy." I told him.

He leaned forward, and started kissing my tits. He then pulled down the corset so my tits popped out. He proceeded to kiss, and suck on them. He then stood up between my legs, and placed his cock in-between my tits. He squeezed my tits snuggly against his cock, and started fucking my tits.

I leaned my head down so that each time Max thrust up I could lick the head of his cock. I could taste his precum. Max started thrusting faster, and squeezing my tits harder. After a few minutes, he came all over my chest, and neck.

Max pulled away from me, then scooped up his cum, and feed it to me. I ate all of it.

I fell back onto the bed. I could not believe what was going on. Max went into the bathroom to use the toilet, and clean up. 

When he came back out he had a sly smile on his face. I started getting up off the bed to go into the bathroom. "Where are you going?" He asked me.

I stopped, and looked at him. "I am going to the bathroom." I replied.

"No, you did not ask me to if you can go in there." Max said to me.

"Excuse me?" I asked him.

Max raised one eyebrow, walked over to me grabbed my arm, sat down on the bed, and put me over his knee. He started spanking me, I was trying to squirm, and get off him. He tightened his hold on me, and asked me, "Do you know why I am punishing you?"

I but my head down, and replied, "Because I did not ask permission to go to the bathroom." Then my smartass self said under my breath, "Like I need ask permission to do that anyways."

Max smacked my ass so hard I screamed, then did it one more time. "Now what do you have to say to me?"

I had tears going down my cheeks, and told him, "I am sorry, I did not respect your position, and ask for permission to go to the bathroom." Then I asked, "May I please go pee, and get cleaned up now?"

Max let me up off his lap, and told me, "Go ahead, make sure to wash your face, and pussy really good." He then lifted my chin, and kissed each of my cheeks. "Please don't cry, I didn't mean to spank you so hard." "Please forgive me for hurting you?" He asked me.

I looked at him, and nodded my head. I then turned around rubbing my ass, and went into the bathroom. I decided to jump in the shower. I got the water prepped, took off the corset, and stepped into the shower. 

There was a knock on the door, "Yes?" I called out.

"Can I join you?" Max asked me.

"Yes, come on in." I responded to him.

Max stepped into the shower with me. He grabbed the soap, and started rubbing it all over my body. Paying close attention to my ass, and pussy. I then soaped him up, paying a lot of attention to his cock, and ass.

We each rinsed off, then we were standing under the water spray. Max leaned in, and kissed me passionately. I wrapped my arms around his shoulder, and returned the kiss with just as much passion.

After a few minutes of kissing the water started to turn cold. We got out of the shower, and dried each other off.

We both decided to remain naked. We went, and laid on the bed together. Max turned to look at me. "You are very beautiful, and very responsive." He said to me.

I smiled, and replied, "Thank you, and it is very easy to be responsive to great sex!"

Max laughed, I then turned to look at him. "Would you ever let me be the one in control?" I asked him.

"Sure, I would very much like to be your slut!" Max replied.

I laughed, and replied, "Good I have some fabulous things I want to do to you!"

Max smiled, and asked me, "Until then I am in charge. Do you have any toys here?"

I leaned over him, and reached into the bedside table pull out my toy box. "Do you mean these kinds of toys?" I asked him with a smirk on my face.

"Most definitely!" Max said as he was sitting up. 

He took the box from me to see what was inside.

He found my favorite dildo, and an ass plug. He put the rest of the box down on the floor, and turned to me. He got up on his knees, and instructed me, "Get on her hands, and knees now!"

I did as he asked, he started rubbing, and caressing my ass. He then asked, "Do you have any lube?"

"In the box." I replied to him.

He leaned down to grab the lube. I then felt his finger in my ass. Then he inserted two fingers. I was rocking back against his hand. He removed his fingers, and began to insert the ass plug. When he got, the plug seated in my ass, he then told me to lay on my back. 

When I did Max then inserted the dildo into my pussy. God, it felt so good to have two holes filled. I was thrusting my hips to the pace he set with the dildo.

Max moved so that he had his cock up by my head. I grabbed his cock, and started stroking, and sucking on it. He started thrusting his hips. He was hitting the back of my throat, so it was making me gag a bit. 

He pulled the dildo out of my pussy, and moved his cock out of my mouth. He moved down in-between my legs. He lifted my legs up to my chest, and pulled my ass plug out. He then thrust his cock all the way into my ass.

I screamed, and he then paused. Once I got comfortable with his cock in my ass I started pushing back against him. He started moving in, and out of my ass. He reached to the side to grab my dildo. He leaned over me, and inserted the dildo into my pussy. "Move the dildo in, and out of your pussy while I fuck your ass." Max ordered me to do.

I leaned forward, and grabbed the dildo. OH, MY GOD! It felt amazing getting fucked in both holes. Max started thrusting harder in my ass. He was grunting, "I'm going to fill your ass up with my cum!" He told me.

"Do it, I want to feel my ass get filled up!" I responded to him.

After a few more thrusts Max came, and came hard in my ass. It then triggered me to have an amazing orgasm.
