 This is the forth true story I have submitted to Literotica. They are not in chronological order or even in order of my favorite memories. In the first one I took time to describe much of my upbringing and how it contributed to my naivety and sometimes shyness. Without that background knowledge, you might find some portions of my stories difficult to believe. For the benefit of those who will read all, or at least more than one of my true stories, I will not repeat myself with this description. However, if you have not read "My Neighbor Jessica," I suggest you read at least the first 6 or 7 paragraphs before reading any of the others. 

*

The specific background for this story would need to start during the fall of 1989. The company where I was working went through several changes over a long period of time. I tried to take the first few in stride and be supportive to my company. There really was a period of time I felt ownership in the company, although I owned no portion and was only a loyal employee. The last few changes were more than I could handle, so I wrote my very first resume and started searching of new employment. I interviewed with a large retail chain and received a job offer to work in their design and construction division. I would continue to travel as I had for the past 6 years and represent the owner dealing primarily with the general contractors across much of the US that would be building their retail stores. Well this is where my naivety comes into play. Although they checked my references thoroughly, I failed to check with anyone about the integrity, character or personality of the company or to be more specific, the division I was to work for, within the larger corporation. 

I reported to this new job on October 31st, Halloween day. From the very beginning, I felt out of place. Even though I was 41 years old, I felt as if I was a part time employee/high school student, being trained, disciplined and watched all at the same time. That very evening, there was an "Employee Social" with free drinks and hor d'oeurves in an outside patio area. At that social, I learned a few things; one being that I was the 10th person to hold that position that year. That's 9 people gone in 10 months. Another, I learned from a person holding the same position and title as mine, who had (according to him) learned how to survive in the world of this particular company. According to this guy, a person in our position had to manipulate, disguise and shuffle numbers (meaning dollars) to satisfy our department head. Somewhat tongue-in-cheek I sometimes say "My integrity is greatly driven by the fact that I lack the intelligence to be a good liar." Needless to say, I did not last very long, however I almost doubled the average stay in that position for that year. I resigned on the last work day of '89 effective immediately.

That put me unemployed at the wrong time of the year for construction work. I was willing and able to do almost anything within my chosen field, so I started calling around to the people I had met and worked with during the previous 5 years. I still lived in my home State, which I have described as a "Gulf Coast State." In just a few days, I received a return phone call from someone I had worked with previously. He wanted to know if I would be interested in going to California, along with him and his brother-in-law to work, helping another contractor remodel a restaurant. The details he described were acceptable and the money offered was really good, so he and I agreed to try it. If nothing else, it would generate some cash while I continued to look. At that time, I had never worked in California or even seen the countryside there. I had, however changed planes at both LAX and the San Francisco Airport.

The restaurant was next door to a motel, so the general contractor arranged for the entire crew, consisting of 10 men to stay there during the remodel. We worked very long hours and straight through for 10 days while doing what was called a complete "color change" for this chain restaurant. During that time, I was somewhat impressed with the general contractor on the job and decided to leave him a resume, "just in case." Just as we finished that project, the man who had brought me to California, secured a project converting a large, but empty retail store to a very "high end" furniture store. That project was just north of the "Bay Area," also in California. He wanted me to supervise that project for him and since I had no other offers on the table, I agreed. Now this was just 3 months after the big earth quake that did so much damage in October of '89. By the time I got to the area, the Bay Bridge was restored and was open for traffic, but the freeway that had collapsed in Oakland was still in ruins. 

That project only lasted 5 weeks and just as I completed it and returned to my home state, I received a call from the general contractor from the restaurant remodel project, offering me a full time job. He needed me to start immediately on another "color change" for the same brand restaurant, but this time in Napa Valley. I explained that I could not possibly drive my truck, bring my tool and get there when the project started. He said that did not matter, I didn't need my truck as there would be plenty of transportation available, and for this first project, he would furnish all the tools I needed and he would pay my airfare to and from this first project. So, again since I had no better offer on the table, I accepted and headed off to Napa Valley.

He met me at the airport in Santa Rosa and although it was late at night, gave me the details of his job offer while setting in his truck. He wanted me to become his third project manager, which was the only position receiving a guaranteed weekly salary. While we were on a contracted project, like the color change remodels, we would work whatever hours and whatever days necessary to complete the project by the deadline. We would not receive any extra compensation for these 60 and 70 hour weeks, but when we were between projects, we would receive the same salary as if we were working. The compensation also included all temporary housing. That would be with the entire crew at the motel nearest the job site during these intense schedules. Also, since I and one of the other project managers were single, we could stay at his large, oversized home near Riverside, when we were between projects. He also offered to include one round trip airfare from California to my home each month. The salary alone was more money than I had ever made, so what did I have to lose?

I talked to Jeff, the other single project manager, who had quickly become a friend and received all the good points as well as the bad points about staying at this guy's home between projects. It didn't seem so bad, although he said HE felt more like an intruder than a welcome guest. It was actually several weeks before we were all back in the Riverside area, necessitating staying at this house. It was not really inconvenient, as there were two bedrooms and a full bath upstairs, where Jeff and I would stay as well as a huge balcony/loft area. The contractor's family, consisting of him (Robert), his wife (Sandra) and one 3 year old daughter (Jaime) and a well manicured poodle stayed downstairs. Both of the guests (Employees) were given a key and a code to the alarm system. The staircase was just a few steps from the front door and the only areas in between were a seldom used, small living room and a door leading to the garage. Many times either Jeff or I would come in and go directly upstairs without as much as stopping to converse with the host family.

They would offer to share the living areas of the home, especially the wide screen TV, but I think they also appreciated our decision to not intrude upon their privacy. Robert was a football fan like me, but Sandra didn't care at all to watch any games on television, so I did join him in watching Sunday afternoon football if it was a game that interested me.  

Downstairs, the master bedroom had a private bath and dressing area and was adjacent the smaller bedroom where the daughter slept. That area was removed from the living area and kitchen, providing sufficient privacy for the different people staying there.

Most of the time, our projects were planned and scheduled a few weeks in advance, so we would know ahead of time when we would be away on projects and when we would have time off. My trips back home would be planned during the time between jobs, so usually I could buy airline tickets at least two weeks in advance.

 First Introduction