 Jess inspected herself in the mirror, nodding her head, at 19 her firm young breasts looked perfect in her black lace bra, she ran her hand down over her left breast to her toned stomach, feeling the top of her matching lace thong, stockings and suspenders completed her look, she smiled to herself. Of course she didn't have to dress like this, she could make it all up, but that would be cheating and anyway she liked to do it, make the effort, it made her feel sexy and she loved the feel of the lace against her soft skin.

She looked at the clock, 7:52, nearly time, she lay on the bed and waited, wanting to touch herself, but she would wait, she was already tingling with excitement, her long brown hair falling around her shoulders, tickling the tops of her breasts, " come on " she said to herself, another look at the clock 8:00 and right on cue the phone rang, "hello..."

Jess and her mystery man had been having phone sex for a while now, she had only taken the phone sex operator job as a way of earning extra cash, she never dreamed she would enjoy it so much and never anticipated meeting 'him', she didn't know his name, he never gave it and she never asked, not knowing made it feel all the more exciting.

He was different from all the other guys, he wanted to turn her on as much as he wanted her to turn him on, and he certainly knew how to turn a woman on! It started off as once a week, every Friday at 8:00, but lately he had been calling every night, and Jess had to admit, she couldn't get enough either, his low sexy voice and the intimate way in which he seemed to know her body got her going every time!

"Hello, have you been waiting for me?"

"Yes" she could hardly breathe

"And what are you wearing for me tonight"

Jess ran her hand over her crotch and down her stockinged leg as she talked him through her chosen outfit, black lace was his favourite and she could hear him quietly moaning as she went through every item, how she loved to turn him on.

"Is that ok" she giggled, knowing that it was more than ok!

"Mmmmm" he moaned again. "Now imagine I am right there beside you, I'm sniffing your neck, and you smell so good, I kiss your neck gently, working up so I can nibble on your ear. I stroke your hair and tuck it behind your ear, it is so soft, I kiss your eyelids before going back to your neck and run my tongue up to your other ear before biting down on it and I hear your soft moans, I want to kiss your glossy lips, can I kiss them?"

"Yes, I want to feel your lips on mine, I open your mouth with my tongue and run it across your lips, slipping it inside so I can taste you, I feel you tongue meet mine, I suck on it and draw it further into my mouth, I feel your hands running down my back and get a tingle in my spine, your touch is electric and my heart beats a little faster.

"Your breathing is getting heavier too, is it because I've unhooked your bra and am brushing my hand over your nipple, feeling it harden, I place my mouth over it and suck it into my mouth, swirling my tongue around and around feeling it harden a little bit more, planting a kiss on it before moving over to the other nipple, taking that into my mouth, sucking and nibbling as that too hardens in my mouth"

"My nipples aren't the only things that are hard; I can see the bulge in your trousers and long to unleash it. I slowly pull down your zipper and ease your trousers to the floor, I lightly touch you through the fabric of your boxers and I feel you twitch, anticipating my next move? I run my hand up your leg, under your boxers and wrap my hand around your cock, its throbbing and I move my fingers around its head already feeling your pre-cum.

I remove my hand and bring my fingers to my mouth, tasting you, mmmmmmmm, I want more. I push your boxers to the floor and my eyes widen as I take in your cock for the first time, it is hard and so big I feel the wetness in my thong increasing. I slide my tongue around your balls, sucking them into my mouth one at a time feeling them tighten. My tongue glides up your shaft, over the head and back down again, I hear you groan as I repeat the motion, then finally taking you into my mouth all the way down to your balls, your cock is in my throat.

I move my mouth up and down, cupping your balls with my other hand, rolling them around with my fingers. I take out your cock and suck on the end, softly at first and then harder, I suck with the hunger of wanting you inside me, and I hear you moaning and know you are coming closer to that sweet release, I slow down, teasing you, taunting you, and knowing how much you want it.

I speed up only to slow down again, I torture you until you beg me to make you cum, and so I speed up, sucking with the passion that I feel for you until I feel you explode in my mouth. You have reached your sweet release, and I drink it down, swallowing everything you have, savouring every drop and licking my lips"

"Now it's your turn, I want to feel how wet you are, I slip my hand between your legs and instantly feel that you too are very turned on! I slide my fingers up and down your pussy, they glide with ease, I hear you catch your breath as my thumb comes in contact with your clit, I rub it gently and u moan, I swirl my fingers around it while my other hand enters you, pushing two fingers deep inside you, holding them there for a second before withdrawing them then plunging them back in.

Your moans get louder as I insert another finger and continue to fuck you with my hand, I thrust them in and out of you, quickening my pace, your pussy is wet and tight and clings to my fingers, your are moaning in rhythm to my fucking and I pinch your clit, your getting wetter by the second and I know now that you are close, but I am not finished with you yet!

I take out my fingers and release your clit, I taste you and you are sweet, I spread your legs and gently blow on your pussy, I feel you shiver, I know what you want and I lower my head to your wetness, running my tongue along your outer lips, then up to your clit, circling it, lapping at it, then gently biting down on it, your breathing hard now and I enter you with my tongue, diving in as far as I can go, deep, deep inside of you, your pussy clings to my tongue as I thrust it in and out, I know you are on the edge and I'm desperate to taste you on my tongue, I plunge it back in, then out, back in and I hold it there, I feel your pussy contract, and there it is, your climax, you scream and I feel your juices spilling down my tongue, and I drink you in, you are ready to be fucked..."

"I want you inside of me, I need you inside of me, I am burning with desire for you! I'm taking your cock and guiding it to my entrance, pushing it up and parting my lips, teasing myself as well as you, I cannot last long, I must have you, I position you at my opening and you thrust forward, you are inside me, and I moan, you are filling me up and I love it!

Your teasing me now, slowly drawing your cock almost all the way out, then pushing it back in, I let you tease me because I know you cannot last long like this either, you want what I want, you need what I need and I smile as you slam yourself into me, fucking me with all your strength, your long thick cock, covered in my juices thrusting in and out of me, we are both sweating, screaming, your holding down my arms and your so strong, pushing into me so hard, I'm thrusting up to meet you and your breath is coming in short gasps.

You release my arms but only to flip me over, I'm face down on the bed and I can feel your chest pressed hard against my back, I'm biting down on the pillow trying not to scream, you are thrusting even harder now and I know neither of us can last much longer, you pull on my hair forcing my head back, I loose my grip on the pillow and my muffling screams become loud and echo around the room, you are pounding me from behind and I am in heaven.

You keep pulling on my hair as you ride me and we are gone, in our world where there is just us, and we are screaming, getting closer to that moment of ecstasy, wanting it, knowing it is coming, you pull hard on my hair, I buck to meet your final thrusts, as we scream, we have reached are finale, we are there, and I feel you, pumping inside me, and I can feel my own cum running down your cock. We stay that way for a while, wanting to make this moment last..."

"Wow as always Jess that was amazing"

"Yes, as always it was! Same time tomorrow?"

"Same time tomorrow..."