 She loved giving men pleasure.

Her long hair spilling over her shoulder, she looked down at the man feasting between her legs and ran her fingers through his hair.

It always made her feel powerfully sexy at the sight of a man, helplessly moaning into her dripping slit as he gave into his lust for her.

His moans made her feel empowered and she loved every minute of it!

"That's right baby," she purred, rubbing her juices all over his tongue, "drink in that sweet part of me you love so much."

Placing one perfectly manicured foot on his shoulder, she closed her eyes and threw her head back, leaning against the dresser and widening her legs to give him more of what he wanted.

"Do you want me baby?" She whispered, secretly smiling to an answer she already knew.

Of course he did.

The man moaned his response, pulling her hips even closer, sucking on her harder than he was before. 

The potent musk of their heated bodies filled the room and made her feel strong because she knew it was due to the effect she was having on him.

One hand dropped from her hip and the women knew that the man had begun to pleasure himself, and she could never have that. 

That was her job. 

"Get up baby." Gently moving away from his mouth, she slowly pulled him up from the floor and kissed him lightly on the mouth. 

She could taste the whiskey he'd had at the expensive restaurant he'd taken her to earlier, mixed with the musky juice he'd just sucked from between her legs. The man's hardness moved against her slippery mound.

She gazed into his eyes, glassed over with lust. "Let me please you now."

Slowly moving him backwards towards the bed, she ran a finger down his stiff rod. It jumped at her touch.

Never losing eye contact, she lay him back on the bed, "Are you ready baby?"

"Y-yes," he began moving against her juicy fold. "I want you so bad baby." He let out a long moan.

"Then, put your dick inside me." She marveled at the strength in his hips as he grabbed her ass, spreading her wide as he entered. 

'You feel so good." His moans grew louder and his ass rose off the bed as he pushed himself deep inside her. "I love you baby!" His desire heavy on his contorted face.

"Yes baby, I know," pushing down to meet his own thrust as she began to move in unison with him, both riding the waves of pleasure she was providing.

All her clients told her that when they were in their throes of lust.

Gazing into his eyes, she worked her hips and basked in the register of total bliss on his face. It was the same mixture of agony and beauty that moved her to please him even more. 

She began to ride him harder.

"You're so fucking beautiful. " He rose up to suck on one of her engorged nipples and she held him close, picking up the pace as she rode him. 

They always told her that too. 

"FUUUUCCCCKK...I'm cumming!" 

She could feel his whole body tense, as he began emptying himself deep inside her, and she held him even closer as the sweet waves of his release rippled through her pussy.

She couldn't help but feel empowered by the look of exquisite pleasure on his face. 

He opened his eyes, and ran his fingers through her hair "No woman makes me feel as good as you do. No amount of money will ever be enough for what you give me. I would pay any price."

They always do.

She gently kissed him on the cheek then, rising off his body to reach for the silk robe he had gifted her with earlier that night, "I will always be here for you baby, and you know that, right?"

He gave her the sweetest smile and she let him hold her, burying his head into her soft stomach until she moved away, signaling to him that it was time to go. 

Later, as she made her way to the shower, she glanced at the thick pile of money he had left for her and that powerful, sexy feeling she'd always experienced afterwards returned in a rush.

She loved being a woman. Being able to give men pleasure and receiving it in return. It was a powerful position to be in...

...And she loved every minute of it!