 I was brought up as a strict Baptist, yes, I know look at me now. I can remember how different people acted on Sunday, than they did during the rest of the week. I mowed lawns for extra money after school and my Dad had gotten me a job doing the church's grass and our pastor's who lived directly next door to the church. He was an older man, probably in his later 40's or early 50's. His wife was a bit younger than him. She was a fairly attractive woman, and was always very friendly towards me. One day I was mowing their lawn, and it was exceptionally hot outside. I was sweating profusely, and she came outside and offered me a cold glass of tea. I happily accepted the tea and she told me to come inside and enjoy the air conditioning and cool off a little.

I entered their house and she sat me at the kitchen table. I was drinking my tea. She kept staring at me. I was pretty muscular, and my wet tank top stuck to my chest. She was wearing her usual. A conservative dress, and panty hose, and heels. I knew that she probably had a killer body beneath her clothing, but she never showed any of it at all. I called her Mrs. Brown, or Sister Brown. That day as I called her Mrs. Brown, she asked me if I would call her Bonnie. 

As Bonnie and I talked it was quite obvious that she was pretty lonely. Her husband was always gone, visiting shut ins, going to the hospital to see sick members of the congregation and so on. I noticed that she kept staring at my chest as my soaking wet tank top clung to me. She made a comment about how muscular I was for my age. I thanked her for the compliment. "You are quite a nice looking lady" I replied to her. She blushed as I complimented her.

She continued staring at me. "Would you like a clean t-shirt?" she asked me. "Ok, sure that sounds great" I replied. I started to go to the rest room to change, but she told me she had just waxed the floor and it was still wet. So, I took my tank top off there in her kitchen. As I stood there shirtless, she came up behind me. "You look so tense" she said. Her hands rested upon my broad shoulders. She began rubbing my shoulders, giving me a massage, and quite a hardon I might add.

Her breathing became faster and quite erratic, as she rubbed my shoulders, and her hands slid down my wet chest. She softly moaned as she rubbed my firm young chest. I grabbed her hand and pushed it towards the large bulge in my shorts. She gasped as her hand touched my swollen crotch. "Go ahead and touch it" I told her. "No one will ever know" I added. Mrs. Brown began gripping the bulge with her hands. I undid my button, and unzipped my levi shorts. I pulled my large, throbbing hard cock out. Her eyes got very wide and she smiled as she looked at the 9 inches of my hard cock.

"Go ahead and stroke it, you know you want to" I told her. Mrs. Brown gripped my cock with her soft hands. She softly moaned as she began stroking my hard pulsating cock. I stood and faced her. She continued stroking my hard cock as I pressed my lips to hers. I slid my tongue inside of her mouth. She was shaking as I began french kissing her. "Mmm" she moaned. Her own wet tongue began circling mine as we passionately kissed.

I cupped her large breasts through her flowered dress and gave them a firm squeeze. I could feel her nipples harden beneath my fingers. I slid one of my hands lower, and up inside of her dress. I rubbed her hot pussy through her cotton panties. She was very wet. She moaned softly as I rubbed her hot pussy through the cotton material. Her hand never missed a stroke on my hard cock. I began to unzip her dress from the back. I let it slip to the floor. She stood before me in her bra, panties, and hose. I undid her bra and removed it from her. Her breasts were probably a 36 d and her rosy nipples were quite large. I took one of her erect nipples into my mouth. I gently nibbled and sucked it. 

Mrs. Brown moaned louder as I sucked her beautiful breasts. I quickly removed her wet panties and hose from her body. She had very long, pretty legs. I looked at her very hairy bush between her legs. My hand quickly found her clit. I rubbed the swollen bud with my thumb as I slid a finger inside of her. She moaned very loudly as my finger entered her hot pussy. I knelt between her legs, and pulled her wet pussy lips apart with my fingers. As my tongue darted inside of her, she yelped. Her body began to shake wildly as she climaxed. "God, you are so hot" I told her. "Jesus, the Reverand has never kissed me there" she said. "Do you like it?" I asked her. "oh yes honey, I love it" she moaned. I quicky took her swollen clit between my lips and sucked it for her. Her juices were flowing quite freely into my young mouth.

She climaxed again very intensely. I held her to keep her from falling. I stood up, and pushed her to the floor. My long thick throbbing cock was only inches from her mouth. I pushed her mouth against the big pulsating head. She opened her mouth and took me inside. It felt wonderful. She swirled her tongue all around my big cock head. I moaned as she continued taking me deeper into her mouth. She licked the hot oozing precum from my cock, hungrily. I knew she needed fucked really bad. So, I pulled her from the floor. "Where's your bedroom?" I asked her. "Over there" she whispered, pointing at a door down the hall.

I led her to the bedroom and tossed her on the bed. I pushed her pretty legs widely apart and began pressing my swollen cockhead against her wet pussy. She moaned as I slowly entered her tight neglected pussy. It felt so hot, tight and wet. I slowly fucked her. My cock slid deeply into her. She quickly wrapped her long legs around my back, pulling me deeper inside of her. It felt as if my cock hit the back of her pussy as I thrust forward. Mrs Brown came furiously as I slowly fucked her, keeping my dick buried deeply inside of her. I bit her large erect nipples and squeezed her big pretty breasts with my hands. 

She bucked her hips wildly beneath me. "God, I'm gonna cum" I moaned to her. "Oh, yes, baby, give it to me, I want it all" she yelled. My cum erupted deeply into her hot pussy. She grunted and thrust against me. As my hot cum began squirting inside of her, she came. I pressed my mouth over hers, and passionately kissed her as we both came. She wiggled beneath me like she was on fire. I continued pumping my cum into her tight pussy. As my last drops of cum dripped into her, she kissed me passionately. "Oh, my Gosh" she said, I have never felt like that before.

I was still rock hard as I looked at her pretty naked body. I rolled her to her stomach and entered her from behind. She grunted as I fucked her doggy style. My cock was embedded very deeply inside of her extremely tight pussy. I could feel her pelvic bone as I thrust into her with great fury. I fucked her hard and fast this time. She came quickly as my large cock pounded away at her pussy. The tightness, and thrill of what was happening kept me from lasting very long, I grunted and came. Once again, I emptied my hot cum deep inside of her wonderful pussy. She thrust her pretty ass against me, keeping me deeply inside of her. I firmly squeezed her pretty breasts as I pounded away inside of her hot pussy. As my last drops of cum oozed from my cock head, I withdrew it from her.

"Oh, Baby, she moaned, thank you so much" "You don't have to thank me" I told her. "It was incredible and I liked it to" I told her. "Can we do it again?" she asked. "Whenever you want" I said. She pulled me to her and passionately kissed me again. I quickly dressed and finished mowing her lawn for her. She kissed me before I left. "Please, come back soon" she told me, "I need you so bad" she added. I fucked her all summer, and no one knew besides me and her, and God. You always hear about how hot preacher's daughters are, well, you should try their wives...