 The Preachers Wife. (Young wife escapes suffocating life.)

I was carrying a load of cloths on hangers, the final trip until tomorrow morning when I was leaving in the RV for warmer climates. As I left the garage I spied Lee walking down the road, hands in her jacket pockets, head down against the cold breeze. 

"It's a cold walk today." I commented.

Startled, she looked up. "It is cold. I noticed you loading your RV these last couple days. When are you leaving?"

"First thing in the morning. This is the last load."

"It's a big RV." She said, "The one we had fit on the back of a pickup. It must be nice to get away for the winter."

"It is! Come on and take a look inside."

"Oh, I better get moving…."

"You look cold," I interrupted. "It's warm in the RV. I'm testing the heater and everything I can think of before leaving."

She hesitated and then moved toward me. I opened the RV door and followed her in.

"It IS nice and warm in here….. My gosh look at how big this is. I never realized how much room there is when it slides out."

"I'll just hang these in the closet and give you the deluxe tour."

I went back to the bedroom. When I closed the closet door I realized Lee had followed me. She was reaching up, touching the TV over the bedroom window. Her jacket was unzipped, hanging open. A faded blue T shirt outlined fantastic breasts & erect nipples. She was braless! 

She blushed and crossed her arms over her chest. "I didn't expect to see anybody. I just got out of the shower and decided I needed to take a walk." Then she blushed even more.

I need to clarify who Lee is. Lee's husband is a preacher at a local fundamentalist church. She has been the dutiful preacher's wife so far as I could tell. The few times I saw her socially Lee was quiet, primly dress and let her husband do the talking. Therefore my reaction when I realized she was braless.

"I'm sorry if I embarrassed you. It's a guy thing. You know we can't resist looking. Please forgive my bad manners. Being braless is common now days anyway."

She uncrossed her arms, then pulled the front of her jacket together. I wondered if she would zip it back up. 

To break the awkwardness of the moment I quickly moved past her to point out the obvious features of the vanity and shower. Pausing at the refrigerator I took a quick look, she seemed O.K. The jacket was still unzipped and open.

Being careful to look her in the face I asked, "It's after 4:30 so I was thinking of having a drink. Will you join me?"

"I really need to get going……"

I stuck my head in the refrigerator, "Can I get you a Pepsi? I think I have some wine….. "

She wasn't moving toward the door so I continued, "I'm having a Martini. I see I have some orange juice. How about a Screw Driver? You know, orange juice with a little vodka." My pulse was way up. 

"Mmmm. I don't drink……. Well, uh, Caleb's gone until late tonight so I don't need to have his dinner ready…. Maybe just a little orange juice then. And, and just a touch of vodka since you are having some."

She sat on the couch while I put ice in glasses. Lee was struggling to get out of her jacket so I leaned over to pull on a sleeve. When her hand finally slipped out she looked up to thank me. I, of course, was looking at her breasts. About then I became aware my swelling member was obvious and only a few inches from her face. Our eyes met…. Her face turned a bright red.

"Are you getting…. Are you going to get funny?" she whispered.

I held her jacket in front of me. "God Lee. I'm so sorry. It's a natural reaction. Please forgive….."

"No. It's O.K. I'm not very worldly about ….. Well, I've never even gone braless out of the house before. I don't hardly ever get out in public any more. Caleb just won't allow it. He always worries I'll do some awful thing that will embarrass him or his church.

I tossed her jacket on the driver's seat and turned to finish making the drinks. This time I caught her as she glanced at my erection. Realizing I noticed she flushed red again. 

"Face it Lee. You ARE an attractive woman. Certainly you get hit on from time to time."

"No. That would never happen. Caleb's church is very strict about such things."

"Well, I hope you can forgive this sinner. I think you are class A attractive and not to be discourteous, but I would very defiantly hit on you…. given half a chance."

She smiled for the first time. "You would?" then frowned "I sometimes wonder….. well, no one has ever…. It's just that I doubt if anybody would see me that way." 

Looking up she asked, "Really? So you think I'm…. Well, you know…"

Leaving the drinks where they were, I moved to sit beside her. "My god yes!" I whispered." She was so earnest and desirable I had to touch her so I caressed her cheek. She closed her eyes and nuzzled her face into my palm. Throwing all caution to the wind I leaned forward to kiss her. She met me with a marvelous, soft, prim kiss. 

When we parted Lee sighed and sat back looking at her lap. "Oh. WHAT am I doing? That was… uh, very nice. Here I am, an adult woman and NEVER done anything the least bit out of line before."

"You're kidding." I ungallantly exclaimed. "When was the last time you kissed someone other than Caleb?"

"Almost nobody but him. I was a very shy, 15 when Caleb came along."

"Amazing!" I needed a moment to try and assimilate what was happening here. "Let me finish making those drinks."

My dick was thick and trapped in my shorts so while I had my back turned I adjusted it more comfortably down my pants leg. 

Neither of us spoke until I handed Lee her drink. I asked, "I'm confused Lee, you met Caleb in school? It can't be. He's a lot older than you."

"No. That's when he was pastor at our church down near Hanford where we were living."

Drink in hand I sat and turned toward Lee. I was about to say something when I realized she was checking my pants again.

Tilting her head indicating the huge bulge she said with a smirk, "You look at my chest and I'll look at that."

We took a nervous sip of our drinks while avoiding each other. 

Looking up Lee said, "This is awkward. I'm totally lost out of my tight little world." Meeting my eyes she asked, "What is supposed to happen now?" 

"After looking comes touching." I ventured. 

Her eyes never left mine as she replied, "Who goes first?"

"Guests always first." I answered.

Her eyes still locked on mine she slowly reached over and pressed her fingers to the bulge. I carefully cupped a breast, my thumb caressing a hard nipple. Her fingers tightened around my dick causing it to surge and harden.

"We are going to do IT then?" she asked still holding my dick. "I feel so out of it… I've never…. But I want…. Well, you'll have to clue me in."

"We can appreciate touching each other a while. You will know if you want 'the next step'." I said, lying thru my teeth. I was so READY for her but knew this was a very delicate situation.

"I…. We…. It has always been what Caleb wants and when he wants it…. Damn! I shouldn't be telling that. I feel so ….. well, dumb sometimes." 

Standing I reached out a hand "Come, I'm sure we'll figure it out."

She took my hand so I led the way to the bed. Lee hesitated. 

Sitting I said, "Please let me slowly undress you." She stood before me, waiting.

I reached for her jeans, unsnapped them and sliding my hands on each hip pushed my fingers inside the elastic of her briefs. Slowly I slid everything to her ankles. Not looking up yet, I lifted each foot to remove her shoes and pants. I ran my hands and eyes up her legs, thighs. I placed a palm across her butt. My other hand moved to lightly press the thatch of black hair before moving down to slide a finger between her warm, moist flesh. With a small moaning sound, Lee made an awkward, shaky move to open her thighs slightly, steadying herself by holding my shoulders. 

I slowly rubbed a bit, then entered her vagina with a well lubricated finger. Looking up her eyes were closed. She was trembling, gripping my shoulder very hard.

When she opened her eyes I sat back and gazed at her nakedness. Lee stood still, studying my face as my eyes roved up and down her lovely body. 

"I want to watch you take your T shirt off." 

Lee crossed her arms, grasped the bottom of the T shirt and slowly pulled it up over her breasts. She pulled the T shirt over her head, long hair falling to her shoulders. Lee slowly turned in a full circle for me. My heart was pounding with excitement.

My god but she is beautiful. A perfect ass, thin body and hard, dark nippled breasts.

"Oh," she whispered, "I do excite you, don't I?"

She sat on the bed beside me and lay back. "I want you inside me. Please do it quickly."

I was still dressed so I stood, kicked my shoes off and while Lee moved back on the bed. Pushing my pants down my dick swung out hard and ready. I struggled out of my shoes and pants thinking to pull Lee to the edge of the bed and entering her.

She lay back, arms and legs outstretched, eyes closed. Fighting my urges I moved over her, guided my dick between her legs and slowly slid it up and down, gathering lubricant and little "Ooh, ooh's" from Lee. 

I knew when I was at the right place and slowly entered her with the hard, purple head of my dick. 

She whispered, "Oh …my…. god!..."

Just two thrusts and I was full in. I held there, pulsing my dick. She made a small sound each time it jerked.

Lee was still in her original position, eyes closed, arms and legs out like a statue. I took a nipple between my lips. That caused a moan and raising of her chest to press into my open mouth.

She didn't move except for small gasps of passion. I raised my lips to hers, kissed her softly, while slowly moving my cock deep inside her. Her pelvis move against mine. Her arms moved up and down like a snow angel, but she otherwise lay like a statue. 

Her eyes opened and she gazed deeply into mine. The wondering, wanting glow deep in her dark eyes sent electricity down my body and to my cock. 

Staring at each other I began the fatal, hard, urgent pumping that quickly brought me off. She too began to gasp and grind her hips and then she began a high pitch squeal that changed to a gasping just as I came, blasting jet after jet of cum into her.

I slowly rolled to my side pulling her on top of me. She lay her head on my chest and shivered.

"What just happened? I NEVER went off when 'Doing-It' before."

She made a couple experimental pumps with her butt. "Eeeew. That's so good. I don't want you to ever take it out."

I lay one arm lightly over her back and with the other grasped a butt cheek, encouraging her to continue pumping. She obliged, moving carefully up and then a quick downward thrust to impale herself. Amazingly I was still hard as a rock. Her pussy clung to my cock with an unfinished urgency.

Lee whispered, "Do you think we can try and go off again?"

"Let's try." I answered giving my cock a hard shove upwards.

"Oooo…., eeee, Uuh! Wow!"

"Did I hurt you? Sorry."

"That alright. It was just for a second. You went really deep."

As she lay on me pumping her ass, I gradually slipped a finger between her butt cheeks until I found the button. Lee was on her elbows, face scrunched up, eyes closed, moving at a slow, deliberate pace. She emitted little humming sounds each time my finger tip touched her sphincter. 

I couldn't hold out. "Stop a minute! I'm going to cum if you keep that up."

"Uh ah." Was all she said and continued as before. I knew if I came again that would be it for a while. I pushed my hand, forcing her down tight on my cock.

"Oh yes, OH YES!" she hollered. Her pussy began pulsing and rippling on my fully embedded cock. 

"Ow. Oooh. It's too far in! ….. No, don't stop. Don't stop, Don't stop."

I wasn't moving. She was. Harder and harder, down tight on my cock, slapping my body with hers. Her head dropped beside mine, she grabbed my shoulders and pulled her breasts to me, breathing heavily in my ear. 

I went off again telling her quietly, "I'm Cuming, I'm Cuming."

"Me too. Me too.", she whispered and kept moving. I shot what I had and worried that I'd get soft before she was done. It was worry for no reason. My cock remained hard until she lay on me out of breath.

"Oooo. That one lasted forever." Eventually she rolled over to lay beside me, one leg over my hip, her wet, drooling pussy against my thigh.

  ….. ….. …..

Lee reached between us to cup my softening dick and squeezed it gently.

"I never thought of the male organ as anything to give such pleasure. I've been married to Caleb for 12 years and never got any real pleasure from him."

She began to cry softly. I stroked her hair and murmured "It's O.K. Lee, It's O.K."

"Oh NO. That's just it. IT'S NOT going to be O.K.!" and she released a torrent of deep sobs. I didn't know what to do other than continue to hold her until they subsided….. Her strong emotion was scary I must admit. 

The sobs abated, she became quiet. My arm was going to sleep so I tried to move it. She raised up on an elbow to look at me.

"My god. I'm so sorry. You don't need any of this…. I'm so sorry… It's just that I have finally come to the realization I can't live my life as it is any more."

"What does that mean?" We moved away from each other. Her hair was a mess, her eyes red a puffy. She was not a vision of loveliness… though I couldn't help a quick look at those superb breasts.

I knew she needed some reassurance and for once in my life I got it right. I pulled her back to me, holding her head to my chest. Some rare women are natural affection kittens and when they come into your arms they are all there for you. She's defiantly one of them.

Neither of us said anything for several minutes. Then I suggested, "Let's go finish our drinks and talk for a while. O.K.?"

"Mmm, THAT would be nice."

We got off our respective sides of the bed. She came around where her cloths had been tossed and bent over to pick up her panties. With my pants half way up I paused to admire the view as she deftly stuck one foot and then the other in her panties and pulled them up.

"Wait I've got a robe in the closet. You can wear that."

She stood hands on hips, "O.K." 

I grabbed my robe from the closet and tossed it to her, picked up my T shirt and pulled it on as I went to the kitchen. I dumped both glasses and started again. This time I made Lee's drink a standard shot of vodka and mine a double.

We sat again on the couch. Lee slid a knee up turning toward me and let the robe fall open which meant I could see one breast, the smooth inside of a thigh and panty covered crotch.

"I love the way you keep checking me out. It's exciting to feel attractive…. Wanted."

I started to reply but she put a finger to my lips.

"Shhhh. Don't speak, I might not say everything I want to tell you."

She sat back, folded her hands on her lap, unintentionally blocking my view of her crotch. 

"I've been thinking about getting away from Caleb for some time, but there seemed too many problems, so I did nothing. I have no where to go. My dad's dead and my mother thinks Caleb is a direct descendent of Christ. She can't see my problems. In fact she's the one who insisted I go to Caleb.

He only wants me with him for show at public events and to take care of his house. The house……It needs to be just so, all the time. I can't even be active in church anymore, he wants me to stay home.

We don't have TV or a computer at home. Caleb's against all such things….. although he has both in his office at the church. 'Needs to be aware' he says. I get so low sometimes that I hurt inside….. knowing my life has turned to shit.

What happened here just now, ……with you, makes me KNOW I need to change my life. Otherwise I'll just give up and my heart will die…..Like so many other women in Caleb's church."

She looked up, "The minute you spoke to me out on the street I felt something different…important would happen. My heart started pounding and I decided to experience what-ever. And WOW! Here we are. This is what happened."

Leaning back she said, "I don't know what I'm going to do, BUT I do know going back is impossible!"

I waited a moment to see if she was done talking before I said, "Do you have anything at home you really need? I mean anything you can't live without?"

She was quiet for a minute and said, "NO. Not a damned thing!"

I jumped off the proverbial cliff and offered, "Well if that's true I have a suggestion. Go with me when I leave in the morning. We…. ". I was in so deep now I couldn't go on. 

Both of us laughed nervously and sipped our drinks. 

"I'm serious.", I said, "You can stay here in the RV tonight and I'll leave just as planned in the morning. That way no one will know you are with me. When we get to Arizona we can figure out what you want to do."

"Are you REALLY serious?" Lee asked. "I will need some cloths. I can't just go like this." Laughing she flipped her robe open and shut.

"Why not! How much do you need? We can stop and get you ….."

"I can be your sex slave." She interpreted, then smiled with a coy smirk. "Based on what we've just done, I think I would be very happy doing that. I won't need any cloths."

"Great idea! However, I'm quite serious. I can afford to buy you cloths and what ever else you might want. At least enough for you to get a fresh start."

"I think you really mean it don't you."

We talked for another hour. It became dark outside but neither of us moved to turn on lights. Talk turned to my favorite subject. (Sex of course.) I found Lee to be naïve, completely open and interested in everything sexual. I'm quite sure she liked using filthy words, especially 'Fuck', 'Cunt', 'Cock' 'Pussy' and 'Ass'. 

"I've heard 'em but I would NEVER let them out of my mouth.", she said at one point.

Realizing we had decided on a course of action and talked ourselves out, I asked Lee, "Do you need something to sleep in? I'll set the thermostat and get you something to wear."

Lee placed a hand on my thigh, kissed me lightly on the lips whispering "Can we try your 'Farm Style' position first, after that I'll probably just fall asleep."

"You're ON!"

Lee jumped up, "… I can sure feel this drink!" 

Weaving a little, she let my robe fall on the floor. I followed her to the bedroom shedding my T shirt. I wasn't hard yet but reasonably thick. She knelt on the edge of the bed, raised her ass up and to my surprise pulled her cheeks apart!

I thought I should tell her that wasn't necessary but instead grabbed the Vaseline Intensive Care off the vanity. I squeezed a liberal blob on my fingers and spread it along her open crack. 

"Oooh." She squealed. "That's cold." I circled her ass hole and poked a finger in to the first knuckle. "Oooo. Eeee. You going to put your cock in there?."

"Not this time." I replied as I slid my thick, rubbery cock up and down her slit. I popped the head in and stopped. My cock quickly hardened and I slowly sunk it as far in as possible. She was still holding her ass cheeks apart so I got way in. Lee pushed back against me, sinking me deeper. I felt my cock press something marvelously deep in her cunt. 

"Oh my god." She hissed, raising part way up and back down with her face on the bed. "Don't move a minute! … There, …there. You went so far in it hurt, …but it's O.K. now."
