 Alyssa loved taking her time in a hot shower. The feel of the hot water trickling down her curvy, thick body was relaxing. However, relaxing wasn't on her mind today. The only other activity she loved more than relaxing in the shower was giving her husband Gavin a mind-blowing orgasm. Her mind raced with vivid imagination as soon as he stepped into the shower with her. 

Before Gavin could say a word, his wife's eyes met his and she held her index finger up to her lips to give him a clear indication that he was not to say a word. Alyssa reached out of the shower and turned off the lights. The room was pitch black and all Gavin could hear was the relaxing sound of the water against the tile. He felt Alyssa move closer and soon her hot body was against his. She leaned up against him and whispered into his ear, "Don't say a word... just enjoy." Then she kissed him fully and passionately on his lips. Alyssa knew Gavin liked the soft slow, romantic side of sex. It didn't mean that she didn't get the thunder pounding fucking from him that she liked, but she knew how to turn her man on. With no further explanation or indication, Alyssa took Gavin's thick, heavy, flaccid cock in her mouth. Just as slow and passionate as she kissed him on the lips, she showed his lovely dick the same attention. 

Alyssa's lips parted slightly as she enveloped his thick head into her mouth. She kissed and sucked lightly on his cock head, making love to his dick while her tongue swirled around and teased his dick. She took him slowly and deeply into her mouth, deliberately covering every inch of his dick with her mouth. She slowly took him in, and slowly sucked as she pulled her head to the tip of his cock where she slid the flat side of her tongue along the underside of his cock head. She quickly engulfed his now semi erect cock deeper into her mouth, sliding the cock head just past her throat over and over again. As she sucked his cock, she could feel him getting much bigger and stretching her mouth to the max. 

Alyssa loved the feeling of Gavin's cock getting harder in her mouth. The harder she made him, the less of him she could fit in her mouth. The more his dick stretched her mouth and the more he moaned, the more it made Alyssa wet. The wetter Alyssa was, the more she tried to fit that thick long dick in her mouth. 

Alyssa ran her tongue down the side of his long veiny dick, wetting it thoroughly as she slid her own tongue down the opposite side half of his cock. As she returned to the head of his dick, she parted her lips and slowly descended down his dick and meeting her threshold. Fully erect, she could only get him down halfway. This is the part that Alyssa had been waiting for. 

She began sucking his dick a little faster. Picking up the pace everytime she took him into her mouth. While one hand was holding his dick, the other massaged his balls. Alyssa then attempted to deep throat Gavin once again. While she was met with resistance from her throat, she had an insatiable desire to deep throat that beautiful dick. As she gagged, she pushed herself further onto his dick and withdrew before she passed out. A thick gob of saliva formed on his dick and she smiled deviously. She looked up at him and smiled as her hand instinctively spread her new coat of lube all over her man. Alyssa gasped for air and took a deep breath before going again. She gagged a second time and gasped for air before taking him into her mouth again and making her gag. On the fifth attempt to push him into the depths of her throat, she took him in and shoved her head into him, forcing his cock into her throat. As she felt the mushroom shaped head of his dick pushing the boundaries of her throat. Before Alyssa could reach his navel, she pulled back gasping for air. 

While there were tears in her eyes, there was lust in her voice, "Ready baby? Now I want you to fuck me in the mouth. I want you to fuck me in the mouth and then I want you to cum all over my face!"

A bit shocked, Gavin couldn't believe his sweet, innocent wife would say such a thing. But what she did next made him forget about the schematics.

"PLEASE baby," she begged him, "Please cum all over my face!" Between every request, Alyssa made sure to lick the under side of his cock, keeping his eyes on her. 

Gavin needed no more encouragement as he locked his fingers around the back of her head and began to pump his cock in and out of his wife's mouth. With each thrust, he heard the sound of her gagging as he hit the back of her throat. As Gavin looked down, he could see her fingering herself as she was getting fucked by her husband's massive dick. The sight of his wife fingering herself to such forceful sex pushed him over the edge. AS he announced he was going to cum, Alyssa quickly removed his hands from her head and began stroking Gavin's dick as she looked at him with pleading eyes, "Cum on me baby... cum on your little slut's face"

Gavin sprayed his hot semen all over Alyssa's face as she moaned and pumped his dick, getting every last drop. As his orgasm subsided, she began to lick and suck on his dick passionately. Ensuring she had every drop from him. Once his dick had gone softer, she took him deep into her, pushing the head of his dick past her throat and licking his balls as she licked his balls. The feeling made Gavin's dick twitch uncontrollably and Alyssa got what she was looking for: the last drop. 

Gavin laid eyes on Alyssa just as she swallowed the last of his cum. She looked up at him as proud as she could be and giggled, "Did you like that baby?!" Astonished, Gavin reached down and kissed her fully on the lips, tasting his cum on her lips and liking it. He kissed around her face and swallowed left over cum from himself before returning to her lips and sharing it with her. 

As they broke their passionate kiss, Alyssa smiled deviously at Gavin, "Go get ready for work baby and remember... this day isn't over yet!" She teasingly squeezed his cock and winked at him before exiting the shower. 

To be continued...