 I was carrying a load of cloths on hangers, the final trip until tomorrow morning when I was leaving in the RV for warmer climates. As I left the garage I spied Lee walking down the road, hands in her jacket pockets, head down against the cold breeze. 

"It's a cold walk today." I commented.

She looked up and came over to the end of the drive. "It is. I noticed you load your RV these last couple days. When are you leaving?"

"First thing in the morning. This is the last load."

"It's a big RV." She said, "The one we had fit on the back of a pickup. It must be nice to get away for the winter."

"It is! Come on and take a look inside."

"Oh, I better get moving...."

"You look cold," I interrupted. "It's warm in the RV. I'm testing the heater and everything I can think of before leaving."

She hesitated and then moved toward me. I opened the RV door and followed her in.

"It IS nice and warm in here..... My gosh look at how big this is. I never realized how much room there is when it slides out."

"I'll just hang these in the closet and give you the deluxe tour."

I went back to the bedroom. When I closed the closet door I realized Lee had followed me. She was reaching up, touching the TV over the bedroom window. Her jacket was unzipped, hanging open. A faded blue T shirt outlined fantastic breasts & erect nipples. She was braless! 

She blushed and crossed her arms over her chest. "I didn't expect to see anybody. I just got out of the shower and decided I needed to take a walk." Then she blushed even more.

I need to clarify who Lee is. Lee's husband is a preacher at a local fundamentalist church. She has been the dutiful preacher's wife so far as I could tell. The few times I saw her socially Lee was quiet, primly dress and let her husband do the talking. Therefore my reaction when I realized she was braless.

"I'm sorry if I embarrassed you. It's a guy thing. You know we can't resist looking. Please forgive my bad manners. Being braless is common now days anyway."

She uncrossed her arms, then pulled the front of her jacket together. I wondered if she would zip it back up. 

To break the awkwardness of the moment I quickly moved past her to point out the obvious features of the vanity and shower. Pausing at the refrigerator I took a quick look, she seemed O.K. The jacket was still unzipped and open.

Being careful to look her in the face I asked, "It's after 4:30 so I was thinking of having a drink. Will you join me?"

"I really need to get going......"

I stuck my head in the refrigerator, "Can I get you a Pepsi? I think I have some wine..... "

She wasn't moving toward the door so I continued, "I'm having a Martini. I see I have some orange juice. How about a Screw Driver? You know, orange juice with a little vodka." My pulse was way up. 

"Mmmm. I don't drink....... Well, uh, Caleb's gone until tomorrow so I don't need to have his dinner ready.... Maybe just a little orange juice then. And, and just a touch of vodka since you are having some."

She sat on the couch while I put ice in glasses. Lee was struggling to get out of her jacket so I leaned over to pull on a sleeve. When her hand finally slipped out she looked up to thank me. Of course I was staring at her breasts. About then I became aware my swelling dick was obvious and only a few inches from her face. Our eyes locked.... Her face turned a bright red.

"Are you getting.... Are you going to get funny?" she whispered.

I tossed her jacket aside and sat on the couch beside her. "God Lee. I'm so sorry. Of course I wouldn't do anything! Please forgive....."

"No, no. It's O.K. I'm just so dumb about such things. I've never even gone braless out of the house before. I feel so stupid. I guess I thought you would want to..... you know."

She glanced at my erection and flushed again when she met my eyes. It was my turn to be startled. It finally dawned on me what was going on.

"Jeeze Lee. How could I not be interested! You look fantastic braless."

She smiled for the first time. "Really? You think so?" She looked down, changing to a sad, serious look "I sometimes wonder..... well, no one has ever.... It's just that I doubt if anybody would want me that way."

Looking up at me she asked, "Really? So you think I'm.... Well, you know..."

"My god yes!" I put a hand to her cheek and moved to kiss her.

She met me with a marvelous, soft, longing kiss. Lee sighed and sat back. "Oh. WHAT am I doing? That was... uh, exciting. Here I am, an adult woman and NEVER done anything the least bit untraditional before."

"You're kidding." I ungallantly exclaimed. "When was the last time you kissed someone other than Caleb?"

"Almost nobody but him. I was a very shy, 15 when Caleb came along."

"Amazing!" I needed a moment to try and assimilate what was happening here. "Let me finish making those drinks."

My dick was thick and trapped in my shorts so while I had my back turned I adjusted it more comfortably down my pants leg. 

Neither of us spoke until I handed Lee her drink. I asked, "I'm confused Lee, you met Caleb in school? It can't be. He's a lot older than you."

"No. That's when he was pastor at our church down near Hanford where we were living."

Drink in hand I sat and turned toward Lee. I was about to say something when I realized she was checking my pants.

Glancing at bulge she said with a smirk, "You look at my chest and I'll look at that." She tilted her head indicating the huge bulge in my pants.

We both took a sip of our drinks while looking each other in the eyes. 

"After looking comes touching." I ventured. 

Her eyes never left mine as she replied, "Who goes first?"

"Guests always first." I answered.

Her eyes still locked on mine she slowly reached over and pressed her fingers to the bulge. I carefully cupped a breast, my thumb caressing a hard nipple. Her fingers tightened around my dick causing it to surge and harden.

"We are going to do IT then?" she asked squeezing my dick. "I feel so stupid... I've never.... Well, you'll have tell me what me to do."

"I doubt if you will need to be told." Standing I took her hand, "Come, I'm sure we'll figure it out."

I led the way to the bed where Lee hesitated. 

Sitting I said, "I want to undress you." She stood waiting.

I reached for her jeans, Unsnapped them and sliding my hands on each hip pushed her under pants and jeans to her ankles. I lifted each foot to remove her shoes and pants. I ran my hands up the outside of her legs, thighs and across to place a palm across her butt. My other hand moved to lightly press the thatch of black hair before moving down to slide a finger between her warm, moist flesh. With a cooing sound, Lee made an awkward, shakey move to open her thighs and steadied herself against the wall. 

I slowly rubbed and then entered her with a well lubricated finger, watching her face, eyes closed, and trembling.

When she opened her eyes I sat back and gazed at her nakedness. Lee stood still, studying my face as my eyes roved up and down her lovely slim body. 

"I want to watch you take your T shirt off." 

Lee crossed her arms, grasped the bottom of the T shirt and slowly pulled it up over her breasts. She pulled the T shirt over her head, long hair falling to her shoulders. Lee slowly turned in a full circle for me. My heart was pounding with excitement.

My god but she is beautiful. A perfect ass, thin body and very firm, large, dark nippled breasts.

"Oh Bob," she whispered, "I do excite you, don't I?"

She sat on the bed beside me and lay back. "I want you inside me. Please do it quickly."

I was still dressed so I stood, kicked my shoes off and while Lee moved back and spread her legs, I gazed at her glistening crotch and pushed my pants down allowing my dick to swing free.

She lay back, arms and legs outstretched, eyes closed. I moved over her, guided my dick between her legs and slowly entered her. 

She whispered, "Oh ...my.... god!..."

Just two thrusts and I was full in. I held there, pulsing my dick. She made a small sound each time it jerked.

Lee was still in her original position, eyes closed, arms and legs out like a statue. Holding myself full in I took a nipple between my lips. That caused a moan and raising of her chest to press into my open mouth.

I noticed that she didn't move except for small gasps of passion. I raised my lips to hers, kissed her firmly, while slowly moving my cock deep inside her.

I could feel her pelvis move against mine. Her arms moved up and down like a snow angel, but she otherwise lay like a statue. Raising my head I looked at her closed eyes and said, "Lee honey, please relax. Let go. Hug me. Let your body move as it wants to. Share this excitement with me."

Her eyes opened and she gazed deeply into mine. The wondering, wanting glow deep in her dark eyes sent electricity down my body and to my cock. Staring at each other I began the fatal, hard, urgent pumping that quickly brought me off. She too began to gasp and grind her hips and then she began a high pitch squeal that changed to a gasping just as I came, blasting jet after jet of cum into her.

I slowly rolled to my side pulling her on top of me. She lay her head on my chest and shivered.

"Bob. What just happened? I NEVER went off when 'Doing-It' before."

She made a couple experimental pumps with her butt. "Eeeew. That's so good. I don't want you to ever take it out."

I lay one arm lightly over her back and with the other grasped a butt cheek, encouraging her to continue pumping. She obliged, moving carefully up and then a quick downward thrust to impale herself. Amazingly I was still hard as a rock. Her pussy clung to my cock with an unfinished urgency.

Lee whispered, "Do you think we can try and go off again?"

"Let's try." I answered giving my cock a hard shove upwards.

"Oooo...., eeee, Uuh! Wow!"

"Did I hurt you? Sorry."

"That alright. It was just for a second. You went really deep."

As she lay on me pumping her ass, I gradually slipped a finger between her butt cheeks until I found the button. Lee was on her elbows, face scrunched up, eyes closed, moving at a slow, deliberate pace. She emitted little humming sounds each time my finger tip touched her sphincter. 

I couldn't hold out. "Stop a minute! I'm going to cum if you keep that up."

"Uh ah." Was all she said and continued as before. I knew if I came again that would be it for a while. I pushed my finger, forcing her down tight on my cock.

"Oh yes, OH YES!" she hollered. Her pussy began pulsing and rippling on my fully embedded cock. 

"Ow. Oooh. It's too far in! ..... No, don't stop. Don't stop, Don't stop."

I wasn't moving. She was. Harder and harder, down tight on my cock, slapping my body with hers. Her head dropped beside mine, she grabbed my shoulders and pulled her breasts to me, breathing heavily in my ear. 

I went off again telling her quietly, "I'm cuming, I'm cuming."

"Me too. Me too.", she whispered and kept moving. I shot what I had and worried that I'd get soft before she was done. It was worry for no reason. My cock remained hard until she lay on me out of breath.

"Oooo. That one lasted forever." Eventually she rolled over to lay beside me, one leg over my hip, her wet, drooling pussy against my thigh.

---- Chapter 1--- --- END ---