 One Wednesday night late in August we wrapped up a little earlier that usual. Mack still had not finished his duties so we did some busy work to pass the time. He seemed to be stalling too for some reason. Finally Rev asked if he was staying late he said that he would be leaving in about 30 minutes. We decided to go out for ice- cream and then return. When we got back, Mack's car was gone and the church doors locked. Rev found his spare key and we went into the building toward the back room. We finished our Ice cream and then started our usual "heavy petting". The Good Reverend was in rare form that night. As usual he sucked my puffy breast until they ached; but then he got a notion to fuck them. 

I thoroughly enjoyed being able to watch his fat dick up close and personal and I squeezed my tits together to make yet another mock pussy. I licked the head as it peeked through my tits with every stroke. He loved it; shortly afterward I was wearing pearls. The sight of cum dripping from my plump reddish brown, now tender nipples, made him crazy. I didn't really think he would come that way. I think he was surprised too. He had always been obsessed with my large tits and freakish nipples but it had never occurred to him to him to fuck them before.

The combination of him coming hard and the rich ice cream made him a little sluggish. So after I went to clean up, we spooned there on the cushions awhile and he started to doze. Suddenly I felt eyes and the heat of someone else nearby. Looking into the door we had only partially closed was Mack. I wasn't surprised at all to see that he was Masturbating. I sat up and Rev stirred a little. I was embarrassed but relieved that it was just crazy-ass Mack, and not one of the other church members. 

"Mack what you doing here?" 

"I forgot my tools." He said.

Then he brazenly opened the door. In an instant the Reverend was awake. He looked at Mack as if he were a ghost. 

"Mack close the door man!" 

"I need a taste Rev, just a taste." He said in an eerily, calm voice. 

"What you talking 'bout man get out!" 

"You know what I'm talking 'bout."

He reached again for his dick which was sticking out of his fly, then he began to slowly stroke it while staring at me. 

"Get out Mack I mean it."

"No I need a taste, Mr. Rev Perfect, Just a taste."

He looked at Rev with contempt but envy. The implication behind him calling Rev "Mr. Reverend Perfect" was perfectly clear. Mack was going to be a pussy extortionist. Rev continued to argue with him but Mack would only repeat over and over:

"Just a taste Rev, just a taste." 

In spite of all the drama his dick was rock Hard. He was actually stroking it the whole time he and the Reverend argued. Rev tried to physically push him out of the room, but he pushed back, and pushed hard. In a moment Rev's bare ass was on the floor and Mack was coming toward me. Mack was a very horny determined man. Rev was still on the floor and looked embarrassed, probably about being disrespected by the janitor but also at being caught off guard. I was actually getting more nervous than embarrassed, and I was growing really concerned for our safety. It looked to me like Mack might be cranking up to crazy. I had heard how volatile he could be and I just didn't want proof. So I decided to humor him. 

Mack what you wanna do? "

"I just wanna suck those fat tittles and put my dick in you for two minutes that's all then I'm gone".

He said it as if he felt once his mission was accomplished, all would be well in his world. 

"Mack" Rev said, "you can't do that brother"

"You doing it." He spat, looking over his shoulder at Rev. 

It was futile trying to explain that we never actually fucked. So again I decided to humor him. 

"Mack you have a condom? You know you can't be getting me pregnant "I said jokingly. 

Rev looked at me in a combination of disbelief, and then sheer jealousy. I loved it! 

Well apparently Mack had been a Boy Scout. He not only had the usual single condom, but three condoms in his wallet. He let go of his dick just long enough to fish them out for me to see. Oh shit! I thought. I told him to put one on. Then I lay back on the cushions and started to rub my thighs and play with myself like I had seen the porn queens do it. Just two minutes he had said, I could definitely make it short and sweet. Hopefully he would leave us alone and not tell since he too would be involved. 

Unfortunately The Good Reverend had not completed his homework that evening so I was genuinely kind of hot. I thoroughly enjoyed the titty fuck earlier but I decided that titty fucking was definitely a spectator sport. My pussy was hungry. It was at that moment I realized that though I thought I truly loved and wanted The Reverend, what I wanted as much was to take the leap into womanhood. My God! I was 22 years old. For once I wanted to feel a man hot and hard inside me. The titty fuck had only served to start a fire. Granted, raggedy mouth Mack was not my firefighter of choice, but his hose was starting to look pretty damn good. 

Mack's Dick also had a nice sized head on it. It was not as thick as Rev's but thick enough, and possibly a whole inch longer. He seemed very proud of it. Rev was obviously uncomfortable and embarrassed about Mack being in control, but he was strangely cooperative. I lay on the cushions and continued to play with myself and wiggle my hips a la Vanessa del Rio. Then I reached down and spread my pussy wide. Short and sweet I kept thinking. Oddly I loved the attention and I felt I was proving myself a woman. Mack looked at me hungrily then removed his pants and underwear. His bony legs and big dick seemed to be all about the same size. He put on one of the condoms and knelt down between my legs. I watched his dick bounce suddenly as he put his elbows under my knees and lifted my hips in the air. 

Slowly at first he slipped just the tip of his tongue between my slit. Then with light gentle strokes he licked my clit and watched for my reaction. I felt raging heat and my clit grew hard and tight. Suddenly he started to eat my pussy as if it was his last meal. He was ravenous. Damn! I had heard about it, and I had even seen it on cable, but that was the first time I had ever had my pussy eaten. I thought Rev was creative but that beat anything he had ever done. My pussy was throbbing my nipples were like pebbles and I was enjoying his tongue so much that I did not even realize that The Good Reverend was watching it all with his dick in his hand. I got even more turned on then. I pulled Mack's head down deeper into my pussy and started to push up as hard as I could into his face. Which only made him hungrier. Next he gently put me down and started to work on the tits he so worshipped. He proceeded to tell me that he often dreamt about my "bresses," and that it was his intention to milk my titties or suck them until they were twice their size. Well not quite, but he damn sure tried. I felt my pussy contract over and over from his expert tongue on my tits.

Mack's two minutes had long been up, but neither one of us was counting. The next thing I knew his dick was in his hand once again. He pushed me back on the cushions and in an instant he was working his way inside my welcoming pussy. He looked surprised to feel some resistance, I guess he was prepared for his usual smooth and easy entry. Suddenly I could tell from the look on his face that he realized I was a "technical Virgin." I was actually ashamed.

Now a gentleman would have backed away as the Good Reverend had done so many times; obviously Mack was no gentleman, but he gazed into my eyes in the most tender way, and gently whispered:

"Hold on baby, just hold onto me"

He reached down for his dick and carefully placed it at the door where the Reverend had stood so many times. He grabbed both of my hands so that I would brace myself. Then he pushed once, drew back, pushed again and drew back one last time and he was in. The pain was awful and I began to moan. Rev came over and tried to move him off me but Mack wasn't having it. I assured Rev I was OK and asked Mack to just give me a minute. He was still surprisingly tender and was making only small shallow strokes back and forth and round and round inside my hot, wet but sore pussy. The small strokes had the effect of loosening me up and also spreading my natural lube. I almost giggled at watching his wiry body rotate so sensuously, but I had to admit the "crazy man" had skills. He bent over to lick my breast again, then he blew on my neck as if to cool me off while I got myself together. 

Suddenly he withdrew all the way, lifted my knees as before and proceeded to feast on my clit and pussy again. Soon my hips were spinning and I was begging for his big dick. He then grabbed it and shoved in hard inside me. It hurt so good. He started to fuck me fast and hard, I begged for more and grabbed his ass to make sure he stroked every inch of my newly deflowered pussy. He gladly obliged and I fucked him back as hard as I knew how.

"Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh God! Ohhhhhhhh, Take this good hot pussy Mack, Take it Mack, Take it Mack. I been saving it just for you." 

He beamed at the encouragement, then stopped for an instant and bent to kiss me on the woman. forehead, and then just as suddenly, he went crazy again. He was fucking me so good hard and fast. I had actually forgotten about Rev in the room. I looked over to see him jerking off at the same frenzied pace and rhythm in which Mack was fucking me. Mack pulled his dick out of me once more and in a split second he was eating me just as vigorously as before. I thought I would lose my mind. Suddenly I exploded on Mack's face I was soaking wet and so was his chin. He grinned at his victory and put his big dick inside me again it went in really easy that time. He rode me until I came at least 2 more times. I begged him to stop but he was still maniacally horny and very determined. My pussy loved every minute of it. Finally I had been fucked I mean really fucked. I was a 

Mack left the "deflowering room" apologetically but buoyant. He kissed me on the cheek squeezed my ass and whispered that I made him a happy man. He was quite charming in his own odd way. Rev on the other hand had dressed quickly asked me if I was Ok, If there was anything I needed and apologized for everything. All without looking me in the eye. He then escorted me to my car and wished me good night. 

The weeks following the loss of my virginity to Mack were very difficult for me and the Reverend or I should say at least for me. He was sullen and distant and did whatever he could to avoid me. We normally talked at least three times a week usually initiated by church business, but I only got messages from him about work to be done. I called his home at hours I knew he'd be in and only got his answering machine. I felt hurt and lonely for my lover/brother/ father/friend with benefits. I had desperately wanted the reverend to claim my pussy, but for whatever reason he chose not to do it, I still had no regrets about loosing my virginity to Mack. He was at least tender and considerate and he made me feel good and complete for the first time. If Rev was jealous, it was his fault not mine or Mack's. I felt a woman should not have to beg to be taken.

I was head of, among other things the adult literacy campaign at church. There were a few seniors who did not read at all and some younger people who were struggling and needed help to apply for jobs. So we matched tutors with some of the members. Mack was the last to sign up. He said he wanted to take the Post Office test. After all the matches were made Mack was the odd man out, so grudgingly I volunteered to be his tutor. I knew Rev probably wouldn't like it, but it was the right thing to do especially because I headed the program. Mack and I had our first session and he never mentioned anything about that Wednesday night. I must say he kept his word. I listened for any whispering around the congregation there was nothing that got back to me, and I was grateful. 

Mack was a good student. He came every session and did his best. Occasionally I would see him staring at my breast of course but he was cool. In the meantime I really missed my Wednesday evening rendezvous with the Reverend. Though he and I never actually fucked, he still quieted my nerves and pussy with his very skilled hands. Now, since I had actually been fucked, I thought about sex all the time; or at least very often. Two weeks went by and Rev and I still had not really talked. I was getting antsy. Masturbating myself was my only option but it was never as good as the Reverend did it.

I went by on Wednesday night to help out and hung around a bit as usual, but for some reason, Rev had to leave early. As luck would have it I heard a rumor that he was actually dating someone. I had never heard about him dating before. The word was she was a teacher at a local High school. I was crushed, and still growing hornier and hornier. I was itching for more dick. I tried again to connect with him but he was overly stiff and formal with any simple interaction, so I dared not even hint that I needed him sexually. In spite of all the trouble I was still happy and actually proud that I was no longer a virgin but the sad part was I could not share it with a soul. Not even Angel my best friend. None of my girlfriends could even phantom why I would give myself to the toothless janitor at church of all places. At 22 our relationships were all about the guy's looks, car, or where he could take us. No one had really mastered fucking yet, so that wasn't even a consideration when choosing someone to date. But I had been to the mountain top. Little did I know I was already light years ahead of my girlfriends. 

Just for the summer I had started working part time in a local insurance office but there were no single men there at all. My pussy was hungry. I knew there were dozens of boys and men in town who would gladly do me the favor but I just did not have time to interview. I needed some dick ASAP. There was one guy Bobby who was near my age, who I had gone out with once or twice. He was fairly good looking but disgusting; always leering or groping my breast minutes after we met. I was so horny I decided to give the ever ready Bobby a call. We arranged to hook up 2 days later that Saturday night. 

We went to a movie and then came back to my new place. My parents had made a small apartment for me out of the garage which was on the far side of the house, so I had quite a bit of privacy. When Bobby came in he made himself comfortable right away and patted the couch for me to sit next to him, I did and he became the usual octopus. My tits desperately needed some attention though so even his hands felt good. I dimmed the light on the table behind us and just decided to make it easy for him I was so ready. I lifted my shirt and removed my bra. He was so used to me fighting him he couldn't believe he was finally looking at them for real. I rubbed and pulled my nipples to make them fatter, and then I reached for his hands and demonstrated how to stroke my tits. He was all over me before I could even finish the demo. He sucked, grabbed, wrung and slobbered until they were sore. Slow down I said impatiently. He looked hurt but did slow down. Then I had an Idea. 

"Take off your shirt. I said,"

And he did. He had a nice young firm hard body the kind I wasn't used to. I had grown accustomed to a bit of a belly and chest hair. 

"Let me show you how to suck a titty" I said. 

I rubbed his belly first then proceeded to suck and caress his nipples till they were rock hard. Then just to get him hotter I squeezed what I saw bulging in his jeans. I continued to lick and suck his nipples and he was starting to writhe and press my hand to his hard on. I unzipped his pants and dug for his dick, until it stuck out of his jeans and underwear. I stroked it for a minute until it too was rock hard. Then he grabbed my hand and pumped his hips trying to make me jerk him off.

"No, ladies first." First, you will suck these titties the right way and then we'll see what I can do for that nice hard dick."

And it really was quite nice. Not a monster cock like Mack's and the Reverend's but at least 7 inches and beautifully shaped with a nice mushroom head and tight silky nuts. He was more than willing to be my student. 

"Ok now every time you do it right I am going to work on your dick, you mess up I leave you high and dry Ok?"

"OK" he said "I like this game." 

"Hold on a second" I said.

I went to get some Vaseline from my night table. I rubbed a little between my palms and proceeded to alternately rub, and then jerk his pretty cock with both my hands until the veins bulged. He closed his eyes and starting to writhe again 

"Damn that feels good! He said."

The Good Reverend had taught me well. Then just for the hell of it I bent down opened my mouth wide stuck the head in and just blew on it hard. He went crazy. I did it two more times until his dick was dancing. Then I said:

"Ok, now get to sucking." 

And I pulled his head to my hardest nipple. He was very willing, but the poor thing was so eager he just bit and drooled all over my nipples again. So I gave up. 

"Ok Bobby, you want some pussy?"

"Hell yeah" he said.

I pushed him down on the couch pulled off his pants and underwear then l got one of my health department condoms and put it on him. I lay back on the couch opened my legs, spread my fat pussy lips and started to lightly massage my clit as he watched. His dick was dancing again. I beckoned to him to come close then I grabbed it and rubbed the nice fat mushroom head on my clit a few times. Then I held it at the entrance like the Reverend did and began to rotate my hips while my pussy tried to suck him in. I just rubbed the fat dick head round and round my slippery hole until I could feel him get even fatter. Just when he was getting to really like that I rubbed it fast against my clit like the Reverend always did; but when I felt myself winding up, I moved him back down to my hole and told him to push his dick inside me. 

Bobby was delirious and I was sooo damn horny. While he pumped and wiggled I imagined it was the Reverends beautiful fat black dick inside me. I grabbed Bobby's ass and started pumping fast and hard His dick slid in and out easily thanks to Mack. I could feel my pussy start to contract I was on the way. My hips were winding faster. My pussy was sucking him hard. His dick wasn't bad at all! . My pussy started to clench then Bam! Next thing I knew Bobby groaned, shook and shuddered like an epileptic, and it was s all over. 

"Damn! You got some good pussy I knew it!" 

He was already removing the condom and reaching for his underwear. 

"What you doing tomorrow?" 

"I'll call you Bobby" I said.

I would have gladly just settled for the Reverend's hands about then. He always got me off effortlessly. Damn, I was just leaning to fuck. I wasn't in any the mood to try to teach someone else. Bobby called and called I just ignored him 

I was still unbelievably horny all the time since I had been with Mack. Rev had all but vanished he avoided me so well. I realized suddenly that I had overlooked the obvious. If Rev didn't want me fine, I bet Mack would. My hungry authentic new woman's pussy was gonna be satisfied.

Vee (continued)

Our tutoring sessions were pleasant and worthwhile, and Mack still unbelievably cool. He never said anything or tried anything since that night just like he said he would. So it was me who got things started. I knew he had been painting some classrooms at church during the week, so on Sunday I told him that after work the next day, I would drop off some material for him to study. The next day I purposely wore a tight fitting spandex camisole under my jacket. The camisole smoothed out the layers nicely but there was no mistaking I had some interesting tits underneath. 
