 Ben sat in front of the TV, his face a mask of stunned arousal. There on the screen was his beloved Lin, gloriously naked and screaming in ecstasy as their next-door neighbor Michelle made love to her. This tape had been his idea. When Lin had lost a bet to him on a football game, he had decided to tie her up and leave her for their neighbor Michelle to find. He had also secretly taped the results. The result had Ben's cock so hard it hurt. Suddenly soft fingers were stroking his neck and he looked up to see Lin smiling down at him.

"What do you think, darling?" Lin whispered, as her fingers drifting down over his chest to tease at his nipples. Ben groaned at the sensation and swung his gaze back to the screen.

"It's incredible! The two of you are so hot, I can't believe it." Lin came around and knelt in front of him. She gently freed his pulsing cock from his pants and began to lightly stroke the length of it. Ben leaned back in the easy chair, watching the Lin being licked and fucked on the screen and the Lin playing with his prick in front of him.

"What was it like Lin?" he murmured. "Tell me everything."

"Mmmmmm, it was fantastic." Lin leaned down and her tongue bathed the length of Ben's straining cock. Then she took him in her small hands and began to slowly jack him off.

"There was nothing I could do...I was helpless and tied up. Michelle wanted to make love to me that way. She played with my tits forever, pinching and plucking my nipples until I screamed" Ben gasped at the combination of Lin's sexy words, the delicious pressure of her fingers on his cock, and what he was seeing on the screen.

Lin watched him as her fingers began to move faster. "I don't think I ever came so hard. Michelle was licking and sucking my clit while she finger fucked me. She even tongued my little asshole and I've never had anyone do that!"

Ben's hips began to rock back and forth, thrusting his cock faster through Lin's expert hands. He began to moan as he felt the juices begin to build up in his balls. "Oh God Lin!" he rasped. "Suck me! Suck my cock!"

Immediately Lin leaned down and took his hard meat into her hot mouth. "Yessssss! Oh yes, baby.... God! Watching you get your pussy licked while you suck me is making me cummmmmmmm!" Ben groaned. Lin hummed deep back in her throat in approval. The vibration shot through Ben, sending him over the edge.

"Ah God! Ohhh Fuck, FUCK! Suck me so gooood! I'm cumming! I'm cumming into your little slut mouth!" Ben's back arched as he jerked in intense pleasure, spurting string after string of jizz into Lin's waiting mouth. Finally he sank back, his chest heaving as he struggled to catch his breath. Lin smiled in satisfaction as she slowly licked him clean. She moved up and wrapped her arms around his neck as she kissed him lovingly. Ben nuzzled her neck and sighed in sated bliss.

"That was amazing, love...thank you," he whispered. His eyes grew heavy and he felt himself drifting off. He had played four rounds of racquetball that afternoon. Apparently the exertion and release of tension were taking their toll. He barely felt Lin taking off the rest of his clothes and setting a blanket over him before sleep overtook him.

It was dark when Ben opened his eyes again. He yawned and started to stretch, but his stretch was suddenly halted. He couldn't move his arms. "What the...?" he muttered and began to try to pull free. The sound of a match being struck caught his attention and he looked up to see Lin's face in the flare of light. She was lighting a candle.

"Lin? What time is it? I can't move my..." His words stuttered to a stop as the glow from the candle revealed Michelle, their neighbor and the woman who had ravished his lover. She smiled at him and took the candle from Lin to light several more. As the candlelight filled the room he saw that they were both naked. The two of them were a study in opposites. Lin, with her dark, petite looks and Michelle, blonde and tall, with generous curves and tapered legs, were so beautifully erotic they took his breath away. He could see a flush of excitement and arousal on Lin's face. Her nipples were hard and impossibly erect, standing more than an inch out from her full breasts. His gaze traveled down her body and skittered to a stop. Her plump pussy mound was bare! Lin saw his eyes widen and smiled at him as she lit more candles.

"Yes, Ben. Michelle shaved my pussy for me. Isn't it beautiful? I came twice while she was doing it." Michelle chuckled and reached to gently caress the newly shaven mound.

"Well the fact that I couldn't resist tasting my handiwork might have had something to do with it." She turned towards Ben, who was still speechless.

"I want to thank you for my wonderful present Ben. I don't know how you knew that I loved women as much as men, but I'm glad because otherwise I might never have gotten to enjoy Lin. She says she'd fantasized, but would never have had the nerve. As a matter of fact, " she said as she walked slowly toward him, "We have a present for you." She reached over and pulled the blanket off of Ben. Too late he remembered that he wasn't wearing anything, but that was nothing to the shock of realizing that he was tied to the chair. As he pulled to get free, he finally found his voice.

"What the hell is going on?" he demanded. Lin smiled sweetly as she moved to stand beside Michelle.

"Why darling! I thought you understood our present! I enjoyed it so much and I thought you would too. Besides," she said as she reached out to caress Ben's awakening rod, "Why watch a movie when you can see it live?"

Before Ben's amazed face, Lin pulled Michelle to her and hungrily kissed her. Michelle reached around and cupped Lin's ass to pull her closer as they devoured each other. Breaking the kiss, Michelle licked and lightly bit at Lin's jaw line and traveled down to her neck as Lin softly sighed.

Ben's cock began to rise as he watched Lin fill her hands with Michelle's ample tits. Michelle had large puffy pink nipples that responded beautifully to Lin's touch. Michelle murmured her pleasure as Lin gently rolled the eager buds to hardness. She gasped as Lin began to pinch them and pull at them.

"Yesssssssss baby. Play with my nipples. Mine are sensitive too Ben, but perhaps not as sensitive as Lin's." She bent forward to Lin's nipples and flicked her tongue across it. Lin immediately hissed in pleasure and arched forward, offering her tits to Michelle's lips. Ben, his cock fully engorged, was drowning in lust as he watched Michelle's tongue tease at Lin's tits. He badly wanted to reach his cock and masturbate at the sight before him, but was unable to.

"Please...ladies? Could you untie at least one hand? My cock is so hard from watching you two play with each other's titties, I feel like I'm going to explode," he implored.

The two women giggled and Michelle stepped behind Lin, her hands reaching around to cup and tease Lin's breasts. Lin moaned softly and smiled tauntingly at Ben and his obvious dilemma. "Ben....Ahhh that's so good darling...pinch them harder. Mmmm yesssss. Ben, you can only watch. We want to see if we can make you cum without touching you." She gasped as Michelle pulled her nipples out to points and rhythmically pinched the very tips.

"God! That goes right to my pussy!" Lin panted and she whirled around to face Michelle and began furiously sucking one of her nipples while she rolled the other. Michelle gave a feline growl in reaction and slid one leg between Lin's thighs and rocked it back and forth. She looked straight into Ben's eyes with such a look of feminine lust that Ben's aching cock jerked in response.

"I can feel her clit riding my thigh Ben. She's wet; her juices are running all over my leg. She tastes so sweet and tangy, doesn't she Ben. I'm already addicted to her pussy cream. I bet you are too."

Ben groaned in enraptured agony as his cock jerked against his stomach. He watched as Michelle lay down floor in front of him and pulled Lin down on top of her. His fists clenched tighter and tighter and his hips began to lift and thrust in a tortured attempt to find relief.

"I want to eat your sweet pussy Lin," Michelle said huskily. "Straddle my face facing Ben. I want him to see your face when you cum." Lin began to whimper with need as she straddled Michelle's expectant face. She looked at Ben with half closed eyes as she began to play with her tits, tweaking and pinching her nipples. Ben stared at those hard buds and made a decision. He whispered,

"She's going to lick your pussy, love. You look so damned beautiful playing with your titties like that. Talk to me baby...tell me what she's doing to you."

Lin felt Michelle's hands pulled her hips down, bringing her pussy to those waiting lips. As Michelle's hot, wet tongue made contact with her wetness, her breath hitched and she arched forward. "She's licking my naked slit Ben. Ohhhhhh Goddddddd! She's.... her tongue is playing with my cliiiit! Oh YES! Lick my clittie! Oh Ben, this feels sooo amazing with my pussy bare and shaved!" Lin moaned and started rocking her hips, sliding her cunt back and forth over Michelle teasing lips.

Ben was writhing in the chair, dying to get his hands free. He couldn't take his eyes from Lin, who was crushing her tits in her hands and becoming more vocal as Michelle licked and sucked her pussy voraciously. "Oh yeah, fuck me with your tongue! Ben, she's plunging her tongue in and out of my pussssssssssy!!! Ahhhhh! It feels so goood!" Suddenly she gasped and her eyes opened wide. "She's playing with my.... mmmmmm, she's licking my asshole!"

Ben's ass was slamming back and forth against the chair now in complete abandon as he moaned, "Fuck, Fuck, FUCK!" His cock was glistening with pre-cum as it speared through the air. His moans mingled with Lin's as she felt the rush of orgasm rising up to meet her.

"Ahhhhhhh, GOD! She's fucking her fingers into my cunt, Ben! Oh Michelle! Fuck my hot cunt! Ohhhhhh FUCK, YESSSS! Suck my clit! Oh harder, HARDER!" Her moans rose into a scream.

"I'm... Oh, fuck me, I'M COMING SO GOOOOOOD!"

Just as her scream faded, Ben's filled the room and his cock began to spurt.

"oooOOO! My COCK! I'm cumming all over you, my beautiful slut! AHHHH! Jesuusss!!

Ben's cum splattered over Lin, who rubbed it over her tits in abandon as her pussy clenched through the last of her orgasm. Drained, she looked up at Ben who was drenched in sweat and his own cum. She smiled in triumph and moved so Michelle could sit up and see how successful they were. Ben wearily opened his eyes and smiled dazedly at the two girls.

"I have never come like that in my entire life," he whispered.

Michelle moved to untie him and Lin brought a soft warm cloth to clean him up. Ben sighed in contentment as both girls snuggled in his lap. He turned to kiss his Lin and told her how much he loved her. Then he turned to Michelle, kissed her, and said in a low growl,

"As soon as I recover from your present, I have another one for you!"