 The blindfold was stifling. I had been here sweating for what felt like hours but what must have been about twenty minutes. The heavy black material chafed against my face as I struggled to try and remove it. 

A small noise alerted me to his presence, a slight scuff of his feet on the carpet. I struggled a little against the ties that had me bound spread eagle on the bed. I knew it was useless, but I had to at least try.

"Why are you so skittish my love?" he asked in a slightly mocking tone but I refused to answer.

I felt the bed dip as he say next to me and I could feel my muscles clench in resistance to the rocking motion of the mattress. I was tense and waiting for him to touch me when I felt the lightest whisper of sensation. I wasn't sure what it was, maybe he had just breathed on me.

Then I felt it again, and for a longer time. It was probably a feather and he was slowly whisking it across my stomach and up my ribs until right before my breast and then he would pick it up and restart. This continued for several minutes and the sensation caused my bare nipples to harden and wetness to pool at the juncture of my thighs. I moaned in frustration wanting him to use the feather on my breasts but he always stopped just short.

"What is it love? Why do you moan in such a way?" He asked curiously. 

I wasn't about to give him the satisfaction of begging for him to touch me so I gritted my teeth and ignored his questions. I began to become agitated with the lack of direct stimulation. He must have sensed my anger because just as I was working up a really good yell, he moved the feather and brushed my nipple. The wonderful and long awaited sensation caused me to gasp in surprise. 

"Ah, so that's what you were wanting then." He said and I could hear the smile in his voice. The blindfold was causing sensitivity in my skin that I had never known and the lightest touch was causing me to go crazy. After a few minutes spent on the nipple closest to him, he switched and made circles around the areola of the other one but not touching the tip. 

"Why are you teasing me?" I couldn't help but ask.

"Because it is the anticipation of what is to come that makes the act of making love so intense and wonderful." He replied in a tone that reminded me of the voice I used in my classroom when I was explaining something to a particularly difficult child. I felt something very wet and cold touch the nipple he had been teasing causing me to suck in a sharp breath. It was an ice cube and he was massaging my nipple with it.

"Feels good doesn't it?" He asked.

"It feels cold!" I replied in my best imitation of an annoyed tone because he was right, it did feel good. After a few minutes the ice cube had melted and I was wondering what new thing he would use on me when I felt him press an ice cube into my dripping pussy. 

"What are you doing?" I nearly hollered bucking as best I could with my restraints trying to remove the ice cube. He didn't answer me, just placed a hand over my hole to keep it inside me. Then he let his thumb slip into my slit and massage my clit gently while I fought the melting ice inside my hot hole. The contrast of sensations, hours of anticipation and love play had me extremely aroused and the touch on my clit was enough to push me over the edge pulling an orgasm from the depths of my body. 

I screamed and writhed against his touch as the best orgasm I'd had in a long time rolled through me. As I came down I realized my pussy was drenched in my juices and the water from the ice. He wasn't touching me anymore either.

When I realized he seemed to be gone I strained my ears waiting for a sound to betray his presence. I didn't hear him until after I realized he was climbing onto the bed between my spread thighs. I instinctively tried to close my legs but the restraints held and I blushed knowing he could see the entirety of my core. 

The sudden attack on my super sensitive clit surprised me when he leaned down and began eating me. I arched against his face. He sucked my clit, drew circles around it with his tongue and lapped at it with a flat tongue. I was so sensitive from my recent release that it didn't take much for me to come again. This time I knew it was coming and I fought it but my defenses had been breached once already.

This orgasm was less violent but lasted longer and I could still feel the aftershocks a few minutes later as I felt his penis touching me at my entrance. I was so caught up in my orgasm I hadn't noticed him moving up over me and he kissed my mouth as he pushed his huge cock into my body.

It was the thickest meat I had ever felt and he had to push slowly so my body would accommodate his size. After a few minutes he was in all the way touching my cervix and every button in my body. I couldn't stop the involuntary clenching of my muscles around him but he groaned in response then began moving. His thrusts were deep, powerful and designed to make me come again. 

This man knew his way around a woman's body. I knew I wouldn't last long and felt myself working with him in an attempt to make him come with me. I wanted to share this orgasm.

"I'm going to come!" I was breathing harshly and arching against him as I spoke.

"Me too. Give it to me love. Come for me." He replied accelerating his thrusts and going wild inside me. After a few moments he reached his hand down between our bodies and pinched my clit gently.

"Oh my GOD!" I screamed as I spasmed around him my pussy pulling him as deep as he could go. A groan from him and the hot liquid that filled my womb alerted me to his orgasm. The sensations and knowledge that he had found pleasure as well caused my orgasm to sharpen for a minute. 

He collapsed atop me and reached up to remove my blindfold while he kissed me. I kissed him back gently and then turned my face to catch my breath. After a few minutes we were significantly recovered enough to kiss again. I lay my head back down on the bed and looked into his beloved blue eyes.

"Happy Birthday baby." He said with a soft smile on his face.

"Thank you my love." I smiled in return. 

He kissed me again, untied my arms and legs, then proceeded to make love to me the rest of the night. We had been married for nearly two years and I had told him about my fantasy when we were still dating in high school. Remembering the awkward conversation made me smile happily as I held him close. The long past embarrassment was very rewarding, very rewarding indeed.