 Tom had been talking about shaving for such a long time that Lisa was getting sick of hearing about it. Really, Lisa thought to herself, she had trimmed, and shaved a little over the last few months. What more did he want? 

But Tom didn't seem to see it the same way she did. He wanted her pussy completely bald. He wanted her totally hairless 'down there.' And he was starting to think that he just really didn't give a damn how he came about achieving what he wanted. 

This night in particular, she had been particularly naughty. They'd had prearranged dinner plans and reservations at the swankiest restaurant in town. She had put on her stockings with the black lace band, which ended halfway up her thighs. Next she had put on the black little dress Tom usually liked so well. It was a low cut bustier style dress that displayed her 38 D breasts to perfection. At the last minute she put on a pair of red silk French-cut panties. She had been very secretive earlier in the afternoon though when she had called him up at work. She asked him to meet her at the restaurant for dinner, instead of coming home first to pick her up. 

Lisa had been waiting at the table when Tom arrived. She stood up so he could the short dress, and he could also see the lacy thigh tops as she eased the skirt up a bit so she could sit back down, since it was so tight. And then, as they ordered, she began playing with his foot, sliding up his calf with her foot. And when the waiter was pouring their wine, she eased her foot into his lap. Jerking in surprise, Tom nearly knocked the wine over. He had flushed somewhat when the wine steward looked at him, but he had apologized quickly, and then glared back at her. But she had just innocently smiled right back him, lowering one eyelid in a wink. 

After the waiter brought their appetizer, she excused herself to go to bathroom. He was beginning to wonder just what in world had 'gotten into her tonight?' A few minutes later, Lisa smiled as she started to sit down. Leaning over, so Tom got an eyeful of her bulging boobs, she asked him to hold out his hand. He did so, wondering 'what now?' A second later, she placed her red silk panties in the palm of his hand. Tom coughed, almost choking and nearly dropping the silky panties on the table in his surprise. And then, he quickly shoved the bright red silk into his suit pocket. He looked back at her again, but she just smiled at him. 

Through out dinner, Lisa kept teasing Tom. Her foot would creep under his pants leg, rubbing and scratching. She finished her entrée first. Pushing the plate away, she folded her arms on the table and then leaning over, propped her bulging boobs on them. Lisa was fully aware of how close her tits were to popping out of her dress. She didn't have to look down to know her nipples weren't far away from indecent exposure, or the impressive cleavage she was presenting. She also didn't need to see Tom's eyes bugging out because she could feel his hard cock with the foot she had eased up into his lap. That alone told her how effective her display was. 

Finally, it was time to leave. Tom had somehow survived the foot wanderings, the removal of her panties, her bulging tits and even the tempting way Lisa ate the dessert she insisted on. Rarely had he seen her take such a long time to eat a cherry dipped in whipped crème! Tom followed her into the parking lot. He had parked next to her car when he had arrived. Before he could say anything though about her behavior in the restaurant, she surprised him yet again. Lisa unlocked her door, opened it, and then turned back to face him. She hurriedly pulled her skirt up in front of him, and let him see her totally naked, and neatly trimmed, partially shaven pussy. She reached over with one hand, and rubbed his hardening cock. "If you beat me home, darling, I'll let you shave me completely, tonight." And then she turned again, hopped into her car, and sped out of the lot.

Damn her, Tom thought as he fumbled with his keys. She had at least a two-minute lead on him before he could get his keys out of his pocket, and unlock the car… and then head for home. All the way home, testing the speed limit of the city, he could just imagine laying her on the bed. She would move around, this way and that, the way she always did when she was in a playful mood like this. She loved to tease him. And Tom put up with her antics because he loved her, desired her, and at times got so hot for her body that it nearly paralyzed him.

He slammed his hand against the wheel though a short time later, when he saw her car already parked in the driveway. He thought to himself that she had had it planned all along, knowing there was no way he could really get home before her. He hurried into the house. The lights were out, except for the bedroom, up the stairs. As he made his way upstairs, he first found her shoes, and then one stocking, followed a short distance later by the other. God, she was driving him crazy tonight! And then her dress was lying across the entrance to the bedroom.

When he walked into the room though, he saw her bending over the bed, straightening the sheets he thought. She had put on a pair of dark blue cotton panties and an old blue sweatshirt that was stretched out, and washed out. She had also put on a pair of his white sweat socks. Not at all a sexy outfit, especially if you thought back to what she'd been wearing, and not wearing, such a short time earlier. And then, he realized… She wasn't straightening the sheets; she was starting to take them off the bed. "What the hell is she up to?" he thought to himself for the hundredth time since her phone call earlier in the evening. 

Suddenly, Lisa turned, having heard him, and sat down on the bed. She raised one leg, leaning back a bit, and pulled the crotch of her panties back. "I thought I'd go ahead and wash the sheets honey. Since you didn't get home before me, I guess you won't be shaving my pretty pussy tonight after all, now will you?"

Dammit! A man can only stand so much nonsense from a woman. And she had passed the point of no return. He pulled his tie off as he crossed the room. Before she could move, he grabbed her wrists, binding them with his tie. He then pulled them up over her head, forcing her flat back on the bed. He quickly tied her hands to the headboard of the bed.

"Untie me right now!" Lisa shouted at him. 

But Tom just shook his head. She continued to make demands and to rant at him as he stripped off his own clothes. He then left the room, to return a few moments later, with a bowl of hot water, a can of shaving cream, a small scissors and a razor. 

"No!" Lisa shouted again as he grabbed hold of her panties, and yanked them down her thighs, and then off her legs entirely. 

She tried to resist him, by squirming, and thrusting her hips on the bed. Finally, he leaned over and slapped her right thigh lightly, just enough to smart a little. She stared at him in surprise. 

"If you don't hold still, I might just decide to shave more than just your pussy! Now, spread your legs damn it."

She was so surprised, and more than a little worried he might carry out his threat that she quickly did as he said. Lisa had never seen Tom act like this before. Teasing him had become something she always did. It got them both hot, and added an edge to their lovemaking. Tom had never hit her, and he never would. But she also knew that she had spent the whole evening pushing his buttons, and perhaps she had gone a little too far. She had offered him something she knew he had wanted for a very long time. And she hadn't really played fair…

Tom moved to sit between her wide spread thighs. He picked up the scissors, and proceeded to snip at the little tufts of her pussy hair until it was all trimmed to about 1/4 inch long. He looked up to meet her eyes, which were watching him intently. He rubbed his fingers across the short, bristly fur. And when she shivered, he didn't smile, although it was difficult not to. He then wet a washcloth, and pressed it up against her newly, and very neatly trimmed pussy for a few minutes. Lisa jerked a bit, when he next applied the cold shaving crème. And then came the sound of the razor scraping away her pussy fur. It sounded quite loud in the quiet tension of the room. It didn't take long for him to shear away that last little bit of fur, continuing back and down, along her now swollen lips. He rinsed off the crème residue when he was done, using his wet fingers to thoroughly explore her now totally bare, completely shorn pussy. 

He touched her so softly, so gently, caressing her lips. Finally, he moved to her inner lips, and flicked her clit. Lisa cried out, jerking her hips in response. She couldn't hide her passion from him, no matter how hard she might try. And at long last, he lowered his head, and began to let his tongue show her how much he truly appreciated her pretty smooth pussy. It didn't take long to her surprise before she climaxed suddenly, with his hands gently cradling her hips. Tom moved slowly up the bed, untying her hands.

He wondered what she would do with her hands free. She just might scratch his eyes out! But after rubbing her wrists for a few seconds… she said in the taut silence of the room. "You give me a tongue bath like that every time, and I'll let you shave my pussy every day, buster."