 Tugging at my skirt, wishing I had worn the longer one. Damn wind! I had to pick today to try and make myself feel sexy and alluring.......ha! Cold winds blowing straight up my skirt to my crotch was doing nothing to help my mood.

Something is wrong with me. I am bored, restless and lonely. What mother and married woman tries to attract men while shopping? Me, I guess. 

I see the old Catholic church on my right that I pass weekly......it has been so long since I have gone to church, let alone confession. I laugh to myself, thinking of how long I would be there confessing my numerous sins.

Pausing I rest my hand on the cold cement of the steps. Thinking what a way to spend the rest of the afternoon. Quiet, warm contemplation of why my life sucks! 

I climb the stairs, wishing I had indeed worn the longer more appropriate skirt. Pulling the door open I quietly slid inside. Running my hands through my hair, I dip my finger into the holy water crossing myself I take the last pew.

Sighing I look around, well at least it is warm and quiet. I notice on my right the confessionals. I have never had the benefit of anonymity, my mother always made me go face to face. Thinking that would somehow make me confess more. 

Taking my coat off I cover my purse with it. My heart is beating wildly. I slowly walk over to the confessional, I open the door quickly, sit down and close the door.

Trying to catch my breath, I feel like I have run a marathon. I am thinking maybe I have come at the wrong time, when a disembodied voice says,

"yes, my child?"

It comes back easily, "forgive me Father for I have sinned, it has been many years since my last confession."

I made sure to emphasize the words years. 

"How have you sinned?" Now I am stumped, kicking myself I try to come up with a quick response. 

"Uh, I, Uh, I have fantasies of others that arent my husband" My heart is still beating rapidly and my palms become damp.

"What are those fantasies?"

"Sex with other men...." clamping my hand over my mouth, shit I didnt mean to say that.

"Why do you suppose you have those types of fantasies?"

"I, uh suppose because I want...uh I dont know" 

"Maybe it is because you are unsatisfied in your intimate life?"

"Maybe" I answer frowning

"Tell me of these fantasies"

"Father, uh, I dont think...." I begin to say

"Tell me" he said in a very husky, comanding tone. I am struck mute, I cannot believe I am suppose to tell a priest my wildest fantasy. 

I try to think of a generic one, so that I can escape this confining space. 

" Uh, I am in a bar and a man comes up behind me and begins to fu.... I mean have sex with me."

"Say the other word you were going to say"

"Fu...ck" I falter

"Now tell me the whole fantasy"

I begin to tell him.....

My back is turned to him, watching the people around me. I feel a slight presence, the hairs on the back of my neck stir... I feel a light line being traced down my spine, holding my breath I am scared to move. Then I feel a brush of his hand on my ass...I suck my breath in feeling a familiar tingle begin between my legs. He bumps against me, I can feel his hardness against my ass...fantasies are running thru my head, of him sliding my skirt slowly up...running his fingers between my ass cheeks till he finds my wet pussy, sliding in one finger, then two. All these people around and no one is noticing my skirt is up around my hips...then suddenly my skirt is being raised as if he is reading my dirty mind. He gently kneads my ass as if preparing me for what is to come...his fingers then dip lower and ease one finger into my already dripping pussy, as I let out a shuddering sigh, I lean back against him and spread my legs as far as I can without anyone noticing, to give him better access.

I pause....I can hear a rustle of fabric and I could have sworn I just heard a gasp from his side of the confessional. I realize in the telling of it I have grown wet and excited. I have got to get out of here. 

Just as I reach for the handle to escape, it flies open and a man steps into the darkness. I scramble to stand, a hand grabs me by the arms and pulls me towards him.

All that is said, was a quiet "Shhhh" by him. He pulls me close, touching my hair, fingering it, smelling its fragrance. His fingers touch my neck, sending shivers down my spine.

I tilt my head, he replaces his fingers with his mouth. He flicks his tongue out, as if tasting my flesh. My mouth opens, he covers it with his hand in time to silence the gasp. 

I let his hand travel to my breast. The instant he touches it, my nipple hardens. Rolling my nipple between his thumb and forefinger, I tremble and arch my back, wanting him to touch me, fondle me, violate me.

He moans into my neck as his hand continues on its fiery path. From my breast, to my ass, and then around to the front. My legs open almost under their own free will, allowing him access to my most intimate place.

I know he will find me wet, and willing. He slowly rubs me through my satin panties. They are so wet it is almost like there is nothing there.

I hold my breath waiting, silently pleading with him to touch me. He slips a finger into the elastic band of the panties, to find me soaking wet. I hear his sharp intake of breath as if he is surprised to find me so ready.

He fingers me......teasing me. I rotate my hips in hopes that he will find my hard clit. Mmmm yes he finds it, lightly he strokes it, small tight circles, driving me to the brink. Leaving my clit he lets his fingers slide down, inserting one, then two, into my wet pussy,then he whispers...

"How many can you take?" I mutter incoherantly as he slides in another. I groan and my hips buck towards his fingers in response. I am on the verge of losing my mind to the ecstasy, when I here a zipper. 

He takes my hand and presses to his crotch, my god the bulge is huge, I reach in to free it. As if blind, I see it with my hand. Feeling the soft flesh, feeling its heat. I am shocked to feel my fingers do not even meet to incircle it.

I rub the head of his cock, feeling the precious drops of pre-cum, I bring my fingers to my mouth to taste. He rumbles a groan and pulls me towards him and turns.

He sits down on the seat. Pushing my skirt up around my hips. In the struggle to rid me of my panties, they rip, he rips them the rest of the way and throws them to the side.

He urges me forward with his hands, I spread my legs and straddle his hips. My pussy is only inches away from his hard throbbing cock. Then slowly he guides me downward. The head of his cock pulsing against my flesh. I can feel its girth in the head alone. Gently inch, by inch, I take him into me.

Grasping my hips he pulls me down, taking my breath away. I feel like I have been impaled. We sit joined together flesh against flesh. Cupping my breast he pulls it towards his face. Lightly running his tongue across the nipple, making it harden. I arch my back pushing it deeper into his mouth. I raise myself and slowly begin to move. I can feel him moan through my breast. His pleasure spurs me on to raise alittle higher and faster.

His hand runs between our bodies and finds my clit, pressing on it sending chills shooting through my body. I can feel myself on the edge, I move faster, my breathing becoming ragged. I have no knowledge of where I am at, only the feeling of what is coming.

He grabs my hips, pushing himself deeper into my pussy. My nails digging into his shoulders, he whispers,

"Are you cumming?"

The only word I can utter is "Yesssss" I feel it coming, wave after wave crashing through my body. Throwing my head back, I bite my lip to keep from crying out. 

I feel his body tense and one last deep thrust pushes him over the edge. Burying his face in my breasts he groans aloud. He is still fucking me, letting my pussy milk every ounce of cum out of his throbbing cock.

It all slows, coming to rest on the base of his cock, I can feel his cum trickle out of me.

He pulls me off his cock and stands. My legs trembling I hear him zip his pants. Quietly before I realize it he has opened the door and stepped out shutting it behind him. Leaving me alone and in silence, I clean myself the best I can. Pulling down my skirt, running my fingers through my hair I take a deep breath.

I open the door and step out trying not to look guilty. I look around seeing two men and three women, somehow searching for the man of my encounter. None of them look like they are the one. I walk unsteadily to the doors, looking back I see a good-looking man off to the side talking to an old woman. My heart races....I know that that is him. To my horror he is wearing a priests' collar. I stare realizing it isnt him. He turns to look at me and and smiles knowingly and winks. I turn and walk out of the church, thinking I just might come back again.