 "As you can see, we have a pretty complete printing facility and can take on any job you give us!" said Karen, the tall, strikingly attractive owner of the quick printing shop.

"So you do," I said, taking a look around at the presses and computer-based printers. "This is a very impressive operation."

Karen smiled and her green eyes sparkled with pride. She was statuesque as they used to say; tall and shapely with nice full breasts, a trim waistline, and a firm ass that curved perfectly. Her shoulder length blond hair was brushed perfectly into place. She carried herself so nicely. When she walked past, every man noticed. It wasn't a flagrantly sexy wiggly kind of walk, but very elegant and womanly.

"We've tried to anticipate every need and meet it in the best way possible," she added.

"What if I have a tight deadline, or have an unusual request?" I asked.

"We'll work all night if need be, to make sure that our customers are satisfied."

"That's nice to know," I replied, and a sudden nasty thought dawned on me. How hard would she work to make sure I was really satisfied, you know, nod, nod, wink, wink, satisfied? Instead I go along with our polite, professional conversation. "I can see that you've got everything that I need right here."

"Well, thanks," she replied, her lovely green eyes looking down and away in an embarrassed sort of way.

I had been sending some odd print jobs to Karen's company ever since moving into our new headquarters several months before. Since her shop was nearby, she had made a "welcome to the neighborhood" kind of courtesy call after we moved in and I had tried her business out for a few minor projects. She had recently stopped by to see if there was anything else they could do for us and invited me over to take a look at her operation. Now, having seen their place, I knew there would be more work for them. Besides, it would be worth it just to see her smiling face and shapely figure around our office more often. 

"So, it's a little after noon," I said checking out the clock on the wall. "Would you be interested in having lunch with me?" I asked.

"Well, uh, okay, I guess," she replied, apparently surprised by my invitation. Her eyes narrowed for a moment as she gave me quick look up and down. Then she smiled and accepted my invitation. "That would be nice, Johnny. There's some pretty good places close by."

"Great! Let's do it!"

We went back to her office so that she could grab her purse and notebook. "I can't go anywhere without this!" she exclaimed.

I drove and she picked out the restaurant. As we walked up to the restaurant, I followed behind her and couldn't help but notice the sway to her hips as she walked. That and the fact that I could see she was wearing thong panties under her tight stretch pants that let the cheeks of her bounce delightfully. I had to remind myself that this was a professional business lunch and that I should keep my mind strictly on business.

After we were seated and settled into our booth she ordered a coke. 

"I'd order something stronger," she said with a knowing smile--a sweet, alluring smile. "But I have a lot of work to do this afternoon when I get back."

"Same here," I replied as I ordered black coffee.

She leaned forward and rested her elbows on the table. I tried hard not to notice how her nice full breasts rested just above the level of the table. Her top fit her breasts snugly, but not too tight, just enough to show off her ample curves. As simple courtesy and common sense I made sure that I looked at her eyes when I talked to her. This was proving a challenge as I dined with this pretty young woman.

"How many different projects do you do in a year's time?" she asked, trying to fill out our printing needs.

"Two newsletters on a quarterly basis; probably three or four new pieces of literature a year, and reprints for a couple dozen other brochures."

"Any of them in color?" she asked.

"Most of them, yes," I replied.

And so it continued, gladly or safely for me at least. She was all business as we waited for our lunch. From time to time she tapped a note or two into her notebook. But during lunch we began to wander into more personal territory. She mentioned that she was single and currently unattached. I told her that I was married, though not too happily. She loved to swim, play tennis, and go to shows and plays and movies. So did I, but my wife didn't so we didn't get out much. I liked to ski in the winter and so did she. She liked all kinds of music. Although I loved jazz most of all, there wasn't much I wouldn't listen to. She had no plans this weekend, and since my wife was going up north to her friend's cottage I didn't either. I managed to keep my eyes on hers as we talked and I noticed how she tilted her head and smiled every time we discovered a common interest. She insisted on paying the bill, despite my best arguments. As we were leaving, she paused just outside the restaurant door.

"I hope you don't mind my asking this," she said. "It's kind of personal, but if you aren't doing anything this weekend, would you be interested in getting together?"

"Uh, well, gee. No, I don't mind," I stammered, quite surprised at her invitation. "I mean, I would be interested. I mean, you know I could never take the lead. But I would love to get together with you."

"You said you had a pool at your house?" she mentioned with a casual interest.

"Sure do. Nice size with a cozy private yard."

"Great. Why don't I stop by around noon or so?"

"You realize that I'm married."

"I remember," she said. "What difference does that make? I have a lot of man friends who are married. One of my girlfriends says that I specialize in married men. Besides you look kind of lonely and that's the best kind."

I wasn't sure what to say as we walked to the car. I gave her directions while driving back to her shop. She offered her hand before slipping out of my car.

"About noon then?" she said.

I nodded and watched as she walked up the walk to her building, her sweet ass swaying seductively. My hand shook as I shifted into reverse and backed away. Specializes in married men? Sure, I'm unhappy and vulnerable. What was I doing?

Friday night I cleaned the house thoroughly and could hardly sleep from the anxiety and the excitement. Saturday morning I cleaned the pool and deck so that it sparkled. I had finished up and had started to put away the tools when the doorbell sounded. Karen stood at the door wearing a smile and a pair of little sunglasses. She had on a loose white t-shirt with blue jeans and was toting a large bag. I let her in and showed her around the ground floor.

"You have a nice home," she remarked.

"Thanks," I said as I showed her out to the pool.

"This is beautiful! Very nice!" she said looking around the yard. I took a lot of pride in keeping up the yard. It was sort of my oasis from the world. She slipped her sandal off a foot and dipped her toes into the water. "Ooh, this feels great! Should I change inside?"

"You can use the downstairs bath if you like. There are towels and suntan lotion and stuff so help yourself."

"Thanks, but I'm well prepared," she said slapping her bag.

She slipped back inside and I finished putting away the pool tools before going inside to change myself. What am I doing? I asked myself again as I quickly hustled up the stairs to my bedroom. When I stepped inside the room, I was startled to see Karen in the process of changing. Her t-shirt and jeans were tossed onto the bed and she stood over by the closet in a baby blue satin bra and panties outfit with her hands behind her back ready to unhook her bra. The straps had fallen off her shoulders and her nice breasts were ready to fall out of the dainty little garment. With the wardrobe mirrors behind her, it was like there were four of her in the room, all of them about to give me a real show.

"Oh, you're here," I stammered. "I thought you'd change downstairs."

"I know, but I decided to change up here. You don't mind do you? I wanted to see which suit I should wear and you have these great mirrors in here."

I looked down and noticed that she had laid out a couple suits on the bed. She scooped them up from the bed.

"I wasn't sure if I should go conservative," she said holding up a single, modest one-piece suit that was black with a multicolored splash of color across the front. "Or fashionable," she said holding up one of the new tankini two piece suits in a colorful tropical print. "Or downright sexy," she said now holding up a dinky little black string bikini. "What do you think, Johnny?"

"Whatever you're comfortable with," I said, looking down and away with embarrassment.

"That means I go with sexy. You don't mind, do you?"

"No, whatever you like."

"Before you go down the wrong road, let's get something straight, Johnny," she said, her smile narrowing, and setting her hands on her hips.

There was something about seeing her standing like that, with her breasts nearly falling out of her bra, the little shiny panties barely covering her delectable pussy, that made me feel as if I was going to shake apart. 

"I like you, Johnny," she went on. "I really like you. You're an attractive man who has always shown me respect and professionalism in our business dealings. But today we're not at work. I live an open life without attachments, without strings. I'm proud of my looks and don't mind flaunting them. Now, that doesn't mean that anything is going to happen between us. Then again is doesn't mean that it won't. So, let's relax and let things happen, okay? If you can't handle it, then let me know right now."

"I'm all right," I said taking a deep breath and straightening up. "I can handle it. It's just that I've just never done something like this and I hope you understand if I act a little uncomfortable at times."

"I understand," she replied. "More than you know."

"If it's all the same," I remarked. "I really would like to see you in the little string bikini thing."

She smiled again as I grabbed my suit from a drawer and went into the bathroom to change so she could change uninterrupted. When I came out, Karen had slipped the suit on and was trying to secure the top.

"Can you help me?" she asked fumbling with the string tie.

"Sure," I said, feeling the sweat building up as I stood next to her and struggled to tie the string for her. I knew she was just playing with me so I tried to relax and enjoy the scene.

"Just a single knot and not too tight, okay?" she said.

I could see in the mirror that she was arranging the cups in a vain attempt to cover her magnificent breasts.

"That feels great. So what do you think?" she asked turning around and holding her arms out.

"Wow! That's all I can say. Wow!"

She looked outstanding at maybe five-ten or five-eleven and was remarkably slender but with every curve in the right place. I felt a twinge in my cock as I gave her an appreciative up and down glance. Her full breasts overflowed the small triangles on top and the slim bottom was pulled tight against her pussy. I looked her in the eye again.

"Wow!" I said.

"Johnny," she said gathering up her bag. "You can look at my body if you want. I keep it in shape and am rather proud of it, so don't be so shy." She patted me on the cheek as she gathered up her bag and strolled toward the doorway. "Of course that is one of your charms."

As I followed her down the stairs, the slim strip of material that made up her bottom slipped up the cracks of her butt making it look almost as if she was naked. The way she walked made it clear that she was confident and self-assured and not ashamed of her body. I could feel a rising sense of excitement surging up inside of me. It had sexual overtones, but there was more to it than that. She was an exciting woman to be near. The ten years or so between our ages seemed to disappear along with the little backaches and shoulder pains that I had come to live with in recent years. I felt as if there was nothing I wouldn't do to please her, or make her smile.

Outside, we arranged the lounge chairs on the deck to get the best exposure to the sun. I asked if she wanted something to drink. Juice or water was her preference, so I went back inside and prepared a tray with fruit juice, ice bucket and glasses. She had seated herself on one of the chairs and was reclining as I offered her a drink.

"Is this fresh?" she asked.

"No, just from concentrate, but I hope you like it," I confessed. "It's passion-mango-apple-strawberry, or something like that."

"I'm sure that it will be great."

As we made ourselves comfortable, she pulled a spray bottle of sun block from her bag and lightly covered the luscious expanse of skin on display. I could see her nipples protrude through her top as she rubbed the lotion into her skin, particularly when she rubbed about her breasts.

"What a gorgeous day!" she exclaimed leaning back. "You know you should put some of this on too. This sun will burn you up."

"Sure," I admitted and began to protect myself.

"I'm glad we had the chance to do this," Karen remarked. "You're one of my favorite customers and I've always wondered what sort of person you were like outside of the workplace."

"Pretty ordinary," I said. "Just an average guy, you know. Not the sort of fellow I would normally think you spend your time with."

"And what sort of guy would that be?"

"Young, handsome, rich," I said thinking about the lifestyle I imagined that she would lead. "The kind who takes you off to Vail for long ski weekends; down to Grand Cayman for a week in the Winter; then off to New York to catch the latest premiere."

She began to laugh out loud.

"Well, I can see that you have a much more fertile imagination than I thought," she chuckled. "I have known a few rich, young, handsome guys, but more often than not, they turned out to be pretty big disappointments. They fell in love and wanted to marry me when I had no feelings for them, or vice versa. I usually have better luck at limited relationships. Sometimes a married man like you can be more fun. You aren't trying to marry me or sweep me away from what I'm doing. You want some fun, some companionship, maybe a hot steamy affair. Is that what you're looking for?"

"At this point, I not looking for anything," I replied. "I know I don't want to leave my wife and kids. I love this house and my toys and don't want to throw it all away and start over. But there are times when I feel like something is missing."

"Have you talked to your wife about the way you feel?"

"I've tried, but I don't believe that she will ever change. Don't get me wrong, though. She's a good mother to the kids. She keeps the house up real well. She's a hard worker at what she likes to do, but that just doesn't include being the lover she was twenty years ago. And I'm not about to force anything over on her."

"So you stay together, even though you're miserable?"

"She's not. She says she's content with the way things are. If I get an uncontrollable urge, she just dutifully pulls her nightgown up, spreads her legs, closes her eyes, and lets me have my way. But I just can't do that anymore. I want someone who wants me too. That's not too much to ask, is it?"

"No, Johnny," she replied, sadly. "Not at all."

"I know myself pretty well. I can accept my lot in life. And now, I find myself with you, the kind of woman who never seems to go for me and I feel like an awkward young kid. My palms are sweaty and I don't know what to say so I prattle on about stuff you couldn't care less about."

"Well, don't apologize," she said, reaching over to rest her hand on my arm. "I find that all you've told me is interesting. I feel like I know you much better and understand where you're at in your life as if I've known you all along."

"Well, enough about that, okay? I didn't have you over here to talk about my sucky marriage."

"No problem, Johnny. Let's just relax and enjoy the day. You know, maybe our meeting was just meant to be. For both of us."

We sat for a few minutes in silence. From time to time she would brush at herself, spreading the sunblock around her hot body. I found myself letting my gaze linger longer and more lovingly on her long slender frame. Suddenly she began to laugh.

"What's so funny?" I asked.

"I was just thinking about the last guy I was out with," she said shaking her head. "He was young and handsome enough, though not real rich. Everything seemed to be going fine, but it turned out that he loved his mother a lot more than he liked me. I could see it wouldn't work out and dumped him."

"And on to the next conquest?"

"Then that would make you my next conquest," she said, looking over at me.

"I can't believe that," I said returning her glance. "I mean a lovely young woman such as yourself must have a long line of guys hanging around."

"Hardly, Johnny," she remarked with a laugh. "I don't know what's wrong with me. Maybe I'm too forward and scare men off, or something. But I don't get asked out all that often. Only when I go to a bar with a friend and some drunken slob starts hanging all over me. Then it can get real embarrassing."

"For you or him?"

"Both."

"Say, how about I put some music on?" I suggested. "What would you like to hear?"

"What are your favorites?" she asked.

"I just got a set of Steely Dan re-issues."

"I love them, and this is perfect weather for it!"

I went inside to cue up some CDs and select the outside speakers. I paused at the patio door before slipping back outside. Karen had adjusted the back of her lounge chair and lay back down, this time on her belly. Back outside, I refilled our glasses and took a long drink.

"Can you do my backside for me?" she asked, pulling her hair over to the side exposing her shoulders.

"I think I can do that," I said, taking a seat on her lounge and reaching for the sunblock.

"You can undo my top if you'd like," she said with a devilish smile. "I know you've been waiting to get me naked."

"Like you're not half naked already," I said pulling the single knot apart with a light tug.

"I know. This suit is pretty small. But I knew you'd like it as much as I enjoy giving you an eyeful."

I sprayed the lotion over her back and let my hands gently spread it over her supple flesh. Her skin was so soft to the touch I didn't want to pull my hands away.

"That feels great! Don't stop!" she cooed.

I sprayed some onto her butt and thighs and began to rub. She spread her legs apart, perhaps to let me spread the lotion on the tender flesh on the inside of her thighs, or perhaps to give me a view of the cleft running between the cheeks of her fine ass. I let my fingers wander as far as the rim of her suit.

"Can I hire you to be my full time sunblock assistant?" she asked.

"What does the job pay?"

"Not much money, but I understand the fringe benefits are terrific."

I sprayed and spread some more on her back and shoulders, if only to give myself an excuse to keep my hands on her soft beautiful skin. I finally moved back onto my lounge and closed my eyes letting the smooth jazzy sounds of Steely Dan sweep over me. After a few minutes I felt my skin begin to tingle and realized that I had better turn over as Karen had. I rolled over onto my stomach and glanced in her direction. I could see her eyes peering over the top of her sunglasses.

"You look like you'd better wear some protection," she remarked. "And so now it's my turn!"

She scooted over to my chair and sat beside me. I could feel her hot flesh next to mine and she sprayed me down with the lotion. Her soft tender hands began to massage the lotion into me. From the corner of my eye, I noticed that her top was hanging down loosely around her neck and one of her precious boobs played hide and seek with me. Her hands worked particularly hard on my shoulders.
