 In the basement of my apartment block is a little used gymnasium that the developers had installed as a selling point, hoping to attract a certain clientele, thirty something professionals who had a desire to keep up a fitness regime that their busy work schedules would not allow. As far as I could work out I was the only person that, worked out. I can't believe that I just wrote that, sorry.

Back to my story. Last night I came down here to burn off some of my tensions following a particularly shitty day. I was giving the punching bag a pounding when she came in. I was immediately attracted by her feline grace. She didn't so much as walk, as glide across to a piece of equipment. She was wearing tight fitting gym shorts and a Lycra crop top that was not much more than a thin strip of stretch material over her breasts, her nipples thrust the material out in two points. 

She placed a towel and water bottle on the floor and sat at this machine, grabbed the handles and began to move her arms back and forth in a movement, designed to improve her upper body strength, that thrust her chest out, and each time her breasts tilted up in a way that halted my pounding of the bag. I just stood and stared, an unashamedly open mouthed stare.

She caught a glimpse of me in the mirrored wall and a smile of pure provocation crossed her face. She reached down for her water bottle and took a sip before lifting the front of her top away and pouring some water between her breasts. I didn't know how much more of this I could stand but my uncooperative legs wouldn't let me leave.

"Hi, I haven't seen you here before. In fact I haven't seen anyone here before."

"Zere nevaire seems to be anyone who use zis place." (I will attempt to write her speech phonetically to give you some idea of her accent.) "I am Amalie, and your name is."

"Peter. I haven't seen you around this building before, have you lived here long?"

"I have been 'ere trez, three months."

"You are French, yes?" Oh God, I was beginning to phrase my questions as a Frenchman would.

"Yes I am. I am from Paree, but soon I sink I must go back."

"That's too bad. Do you work out often? You don't look as if you need the exercise."

"Zere are many ways, Peter, of keeping fit, so zere is little need for this."

Nothing ventured, nothing gained I always say. Actually I don't always say that but it seemed appropriate for the occasion. I walked across and straddled the bench that she also straddled. We faced each other and my eyes were drawn to the seam on her shorts that cut a path between her pussy lips. She saw me glance down and tilted her hips forward in an act of extreme provocation. She looked at me and saw the centre-pole of my tented shorts being raised. That provocative smile again crossed her face. If I didn't know better I would think that I was getting the come-on from her.

She raised her water bottle to her lips and took a sip and then she offered it to me. I tasted her lipstick on it as I sipped some water before handing it back to her. "May I ask, what are you doing this evening?"

"Nussing, I am 'ow you say, as free as a bird."

"Would you like to have to dinner with me?"

"As you wish."

"Come, we'll go up to my apartment so I can have a shower and change, then we can go to your apartment so that you can change and then we eat."

"Very well." 

Very well? Very well? I can't believe this is happening to me, I can't believe that this incredibly sexy young woman is agreeing to come to my apartment.

I was in the shower lathering my chest when I heard the bathroom door open, then the shower screen slid back to reveal Amalie, naked, her small compact body stood there for a second and then she joined me, taking the soap from me and slowly running it through the mat of hair on my chest. Even this act had a sensuality that I couldn't believe.

She motioned for me to turn around and began washing my back. When she got to my bum she paid particular attention to the crack, running a hand between my legs, allowing her finger to penetrate, ever so slightly, my puckered hole. She lathered her hands with soap and put her arms around me, gathering my erect cock in her hands she began to stroke it while holding me to her. By standing on her toes with a leg either side of mine she was able to slide her pussy up and down on my arse cheek. I could feel her breasts pushing against my back. "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah," her soft voice kept time with her hips. Her hands had stopped stroking my cock and were just holding it gently between them.

I couldn't bear it any longer. Turning in her embrace I took her in my arms and kissed her pouting lips, my tongue hungrily searching for hers, it was easy to find. "Come." I turned off the water and took a towel and dried her. She took the towel from me and dried me, making sure that my cock received particular attention. I took her hand and led her to my bedroom and, as we reached the side of the bed she put her arms around my neck and kissed me, at the same time her legs had straddled mine and she was quite literally fucking my leg. I could feel the juices pouring from her pussy and leaving a wet trail in the hair. 

"Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh," She breathed as her hips tilted in time to her up and down movement

I picked her up and lay her on the bed and as I kissed her breasts she continued her sensuous movement on my leg. "Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh," She wriggled out from under me and rolled onto her knees, her upper body lay flat on the bed. I was reminded of, when I was a young kid, seeing my cat enticing a tom by crouching down and leaving her back in the air and by moving from paw to paw she was wiggling her hips in a seductive manner. This was exactly what Amalie was doing, by shifting from one knee to the other she was exposing her pussy to me in the same seductive manner.

I entered her, pushing my cock into her until I felt my balls against her lips. By rocking her hips she was sliding her pussy up and down my cock. "Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh," Again she was keeping time with her movements, then gradually her voice changed, "Aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah," slowly gathering speed, her hips and her voice getting faster and faster until, "Mon Dieu, I cum, I cum!" She pushed her pussy back against my cock and I felt a flood of her juices covering my balls.

She pulled away from me and turned so that she could take my cock in her mouth, at the same time sitting on the bed with a leg either side of me so that as she held me gently in her hand and barely touched my cock with her lips she was once more fucking my leg. "Mmu, mmu, mmu, mmu, mmu, mmu," Her muffled grunts kept pace.

Pulling away from her, I knelt before rocking back on my haunches so she was able to straddle me and feed my cock into her pussy. Taking her in my arms I held her close, feeling her breasts against my chest, her hard nipples pressing into me. Her hips began to rock back and forth as they had done when she was on her knees in front of me, and this time she was again sliding her pussy up and down my shaft. "Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh," I kissed her and the noise that she made became a whimper, Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm," She ended the kiss and her head tilted back exposing her throat to my kiss, "Aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah," I could feel the vibration of her throat against my lips, "Aaaaaah!" Her hips stopped moving, her pussy clenched my cock in its strong grasp, and her body slumped against mine.

I raised myself and laid her down on the bed, her legs still around me and began to slide my cock in and out of her pussy, "Aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah," She released her grip on my body so that her feet were on the bed and was arching her back, rising to meet every thrust. She must have sensed that I was about to cum because she pulled away from me, "Ma bouche, my mouth, cum in my mouth." The first spurt missed her mouth and ended up on her forehead, but, by the time that the second left me she had her lips around my cock and was hungrily swallowing everything I gave her.

We lay side by side catching our breath, "I think we should get something to eat, we can always come back to this later. We should get dressed and we'll go to your apartment so that you can change."

"I am sorry but I do not 'ave ze apartment to go to. I 'ave vacate it, my baggarge is in ze storarge room downstairs."

"What about clothes? Surely you have a change of clothes?"

"I can get some clothing from my baggarge in ze morning, but for now zis is all that I 'ave. It is also that my visa has expired and I 'ave to leave zis country."

"You can stay here tonight if you wish." If she wishes! Ha! It is my wish that she stay here tonight, and I don't really give a shit about eating.

"Merci, bonne, zank you, zis is good, No?"

"This is good, yes. Would you like a cup of coffee or something else to drink?"

"Café is good."

We went into the kitchen and I made us coffee and scrabbled around in the pantry for something to eat. All I could find were some dry cookies and cheese. It wasn't much of a meal but it gave me the opportunity to take a closer look at Amalie. She would have been 156cm tall and not much more than 55kg. She had a honey coloured complexion with no bikini marks, her hair was dark and cut short in a bob. Her breasts were not large but what they lacked in size they made up for with their perfect shape, the aureoles and nipples were much darker than the rest of her skin and were perfectly centred on her breast.

There was a small tuft of black pubic hair, trimmed into a narrow vertical strip. But the most striking feature was her mouth. Her mouth was the most sensuous I have ever seen, her lips were full and her top lip arched upwards revealing perfect white teeth. When she smiled it was enough to make any man weak at the knees, and when she laughed you could sense that it began deep in her belly and by the time it reached her lips it had taken on a sensuousness of its own. Amalie was the most sexual, the most sensuous, woman that I have ever met and I got a hard-on just watching her move, with that feline grace of hers, and listening to her throaty voice and her very French accent. It would take a stronger man than I not to fall under the spell of this woman.

I was seated at the table nibbling on the last morsels of food when she came and sat on my lap, putting her arms around my neck and kissing me, her tongue entering my mouth and helping itself to some of the food that I was chewing. "Come wiz me."

I did as I was commanded and she led me back to the bedroom which was redolent of our previous encounter. She led me to the bed and bade me to lie on my back. She then straddled my leg and began to tease my cock into life with that wonderful mouth of hers. As her tongue circled the head of my cock and her lips encircled the shaft she began once more to fuck my leg. It seemed as if her hips were incapable of remaining still for a second. . "Mmu, mmu, mmu, mmu, mmu, mmu," Her voice became more urgent.

She let my cock drop from her mouth and turned around so that her hips were raised and facing away from me, again she moved from knee to knee in that provocative feline fashion luring my cock to her pussy. "Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh," Her rhythm and mine were in harmony with her soft grunts keeping time. I leaned forward and kissed the side of her face and she turned to allow me to kiss her lips, her tongue protruding between her lips. I increased my speed, slowly building momentum and her grunting built in intensity. "Aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah. Cum Cherie, harder, harder."

I increased my speed still further, my balls were slamming into her at the end of each stroke and matching her grunts, "Aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah," her hips slamming back as I pushed forward, increasing the sensation, until, "Aaaaaah!" She collapse onto the bed with me still inside her, her legs apart allowed me to continue to fuck her. Slowly her hips began to raise themselves from the bed and she began that movement that gave me so much pleasure, I was reaching my climax, "Aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah," Our voices and movements in unison. "Please Cherie, please cum inside me, cum, cum, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, Aaaaaah!" I drove my cock into her as my cum spurted, filling her cunt and blending with her juices.

She pulled clear of me and turned around, pushing me onto my back she straddled my shoulders and covered my mouth with her pussy. I opened my mouth and scooped our juices from her, lapping all of them until no more seeped out. She didn't move her pussy so I continued to probe its inside with my tongue, stiffening it as much as I could so that I could penetrate further inside her. Sensing what I was doing she began to fuck my tongue, tilting her hips so that her clit was included.

As my cock began to stiffen she took her pussy from my tongue and again straddled my leg and began to suck my cock, her head sliding along its full length while her hips were rubbing back and forth on my leg. Amalie was insatiable, she had to have some sort of action with her pussy at all times, she couldn't seem to stop moving for a second. Now I knew what she meant when she told me that 'Zere are many ways of keeping fit." This was definitely her way.

She took her mouth from my cock and slid her body up mine, trapping my cock between her breasts, her saliva providing the lubricant as she fucked me with her tits. While they weren't large, they were close together and, by pushing down with her body, she was able to fully enclose my cock. The sensational was like nothing that I have ever experienced. While she was doing this her hips were still driving her pussy up and down on my leg.

After a minute of two she lay on her back with her legs wide apart, thighs at right angles to her body looking very much like a frog. I knelt between her legs and began to fuck her. From her cries and the fact that she clenched my cock hard at least three times I believed that she had cum at least three times before I finally unloaded another load of my cum into her eager body.

She turned around and lay beside me with her leg over mine and my cum oozing onto my thigh. "You are a vairy good lovair Cheri, now I think we 'ave a short rest." Her arm reached across my chest and she pulled me closer.

I couldn't have been asleep more than a couple of minutes when her hips began moving again and she reached for my cock, bringing it to erection.

She moved her leg across my body until she had straddled me, and then she fed my cock inside her once more. Her body began to move, sliding up and down my cock, "Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, Aaaaaah!" Her pussy clenched my cock and her body went into a series of spasms as she came again, and again. She was almost having one long, continuous orgasm. Is there no end to this woman's energy?

She flipped around and was on her hands and knees again in that cat pose that I found so appealing, rocking from knee to knee, inviting me inside her beautiful body. Again I pushed my cock into and she took over, tilting her hips and pushing back against me, , "Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, come Cherie, cum in me, cum in me, cum in me, Aaaaaah!"

This was incredible, I had just dumped a year's supply of cum in this woman in one night. I was beginning to wonder how long I could keep this up before I died of exhaustion. 

Amalie sucked my cock clean of our juices, and sucked him back into life, and sucked him until he shot a feeble jet of cum into her mouth. To her he was an ice-cream cone, she licked him, she sucked on him, she swirled her tongue around his head, and while she was doing all this she had straddled my body and the cum that I had left in her pussy was a sticky pool on my stomach.

It was around midnight when Amalie eventually ran out of energy. By this time I was thoroughly exhausted, happy that I'd been making love to this woman for at least 4 hours, much longer than I have ever made love before and definitely longer than I thought possible. "We sleep now Cheri."

I couldn't agree more and in minutes I was asleep with her purring contentedly in my arms. If I die tomorrow, I will die happy.

Tomorrow, today, it was, I was half awake wondering how I was going to tell Amalie that I didn't think that, much as I loved what we did last night, I could stand to go through this again. I just wasn't cut out for sexual marathons every night. As I became fully awake I realised that Amalie was not beside me. All that remained of her was the smell of her juices, now a dried stain on the sheets, and my dried cum on my leg, on my stomach, knotting my pubic hair.

I got out of bed hoping to find her in the kitchen or bathroom but there was no sign of her. Then I noticed a note propped against a vase on the coffee table in the Living Room. With some sort of trepidation I opened it.

'Cheri, I must leave you without I say adieu. It must be so, so be not sad for what cannot be. I have lie to you. I have apartment for this night but I did not want to go to it. You see I met my lover in Paris and he arrange for me to come here and he would give for me an apartment. But he began to stop coming to see me, (I wonder why? I said sarcastically) and I am furious, so I ring his house and the telephone is answer by his femme, his wife. He did not tell me that he was married, and that he was live with her.

His wife, she tell him that if he do not stop seeing me, she will, how she say, take him to the cleaners. Then he tells me that the apartment belongs to his ami from work who is on vacation and is coming home. I have to leave the apartment in less than one week. Do not look for me here because I am gone.

The reason that I did not want to go to my apartment is that I know the he will come to see me tonight to fuck me one last time, and I will not have that. So when I saw you go to the gymnasium and I follow and allow you to seduce me and take me to your apartment.

Do not be sad for me Cheri, you will find someone who is not so nymphomaniac as me. I have to have love all the time and that to me is a burden I must bear. I know I will never be faithful to one man, so I must not allow myself to fall in love at all. I say to you that with you I was wondering if it was possible, but alors, Cheri, it cannot be.

Be content in knowing that you are my best lover. If you make love to your new lover as you have to me she will be content.

Au revoir Cheri,

Amalie.'