 Damn, Buck thought, maybe he did need that rope after all.

This filly needed to be lassoed and trussed up to the bed right now and not be playing with a man's libido. He'd pick the brand with the softest feel against the skin and approach her slowly before tying her up. The image of her lying buck naked on the bed, her wrists tied up to the posts stiffened him up even further. Oh, she might squirm under the binds and might swear a blue streak at him at first but when he started kissing and licking every inch of that body including her pussy, she'd settle down and start purring instead.

Right up to that moment, when he slid his cock inside of her tight pussy and she became his woman if only for a short time.

She stood there watching him from across the room, breathtaking in her wild beauty, her hair cascading around her and her luscious body wearing only some sinfully cut panties. Buck was a patient man on the ranch, they didn't come any more so than him and sometimes the other ranch hands had to check to make sure he wasn't sleep on his feet. But no, right now his eyes never left her. She didn't look nervous or scared, but she didn't look like she was going to do what he wanted, when he wanted it. Her breasts stood up firmly, their nipples just aching to have a man's mouth on them, and she didn't bother hiding them.

"So what you going to do big guy..."

His mouth remained in a line, but his eyes harbored amusement.

"Get on the bed Melissa..."

She folded her arms covering those fine looking breasts. Oh he wasn't having that, and if he couldn't find any rope in the damn cabin, maybe he could just find a belt to tie up her wrists when he caught up with her. Really, he was barely holding onto his patience, his cock was rock hard and throbbing against his abs and his muscles tensed.

"Why...so you can go all Neanderthal on me and tell the other guys afterward?"

His face softened.

"Melissa, what happens in that bed is between the two of us," he said, "I'm not one to go bragging afterward what I've done with a woman."

She didn't look like she believed him. She'd just got the idea in her head that she might find what they did written up on the side of the barn because no doubt, she had heard the hands talk trash about the women they'd been with since she started working at the ranch.

"I'll bet that woman that Buck turned into a pussy cat with his cock," she said, "and I've worked my ass off trying to prove I'm as good at everything on the ranch as them."

"That's not going to happen Melissa."

"Sure it will and they'll see me coming and then stop talking just looking at each other," she said, "and I can't live like that"

He sighed in frustration.

"Look, I won you in a fucking poker game where we all played to see who'd be fucking you," he said, "so no matter what happens now, that's what they'll believe we did."

She knew that part of it was true, but she didn't come one step closer to him.

"It's hard being the only woman Buck," she continued, "I need the men to respect me or I won't be good at my job."

This coming from the woman who out rode, out lassoed and once hauled Slim two miles across tough terrain after he got bit by an irate diamondback rattler. But he got her point, because the stronger she looked in front of the men, the hornier they got around her and she couldn't miss that.

But damn, if he didn't grab her ass and throw her on the bed right now, his cock really would explode. She stood there looking at him, in her near nakedness, her skin already branded by his touch.

Her pussy by his mouth, which still tasted her.

He stood there naked as the day he'd been born with the worst case of blue balls since...he didn't even want to remember.

"You going to get a rope and tie me up Buck?"

He just looked at her inquisitive face. Damn, she had heard the stories about him and how he loved to rope up a woman before he fucked her.

"I'm considering it."

She digested that and he could tell her heart beat as rapidly as his did from across the room. He didn't know if she were seriously reluctant to slip between the sheets with him or whether she was testing him. But whatever her motive, soon enough she'd find out what it was like to play with fire.

Because one way or another he was going to have her.

"I'm not your filly to control...I don't belong to any man."

"Never said you did," he said, "but you were coming on me like a cat in heat and now you're all across the room after giving me a taste of that delicious pussy."

She didn't answer that because he thought he might accuse her of being a cock tease next but she just watched him. He had to at least even the playing field by getting those panties off of her. But then the sight of those pink rose petals between her thighs, he'd go crazy.

"Why don't you let me tie you up instead?"

Oh no, he thought, no way would he allow her that much freedom over him, that much control.

"I could truss you up in that bed and suck you off," she said, "Don't you want me to do that?"

Oh he did, but right now all he could think was about getting in between her legs and inside of her, to rut while he could still think. He took one step closer to her and she just watched.

He knew she wanted to be caught, she wanted him to approach her, to take charge and grab hold of that wiggling body of hers and put her in the center of the bed. She wanted him to pin her to the mattress and thrust his cock into her, making the springs squeak until he made her come...and for the first time that night, reach his own release.

Foreplay as they called it had proven to be an arduous task, harder than herding stubborn yearlings into a corral for sure. He'd just make sure all this work was worth it when he achieved his goal.

Because it wasn't just a great time in the sack he was after. No, the stakes were higher than that, higher even than the poker match he played to win her. But for now, he had to focus on getting her in bed.

So he took another step forward.

"Didn't you like having my head between your thighs tonguing you there?"

She took a step backward and found her back against a wall. Not a good situation but his words had begun to weave their spell.

"It wasn't...bad..."

"Liar..."

She folded those arms again, blocking his view of her breasts. Oh he had to break her of that habit quick.

"How so...?"

"Because I heard those little cries you make when you're trying so hard to keep from coming, you really shouldn't bother hiding it because when you do, your pussy turns a nice shade of scarlet."

She dropped her mouth open.

"I'm dying to taste it again but we both know what I got to do first," he said, "So I'm asking for you to get on that bed unless you want me to take you against that wall right now."

Oh her eyes widened involuntarily as she got a sense of what it'd be like to have over 200 pounds of raw power, all muscle picking her up by her ass and then he'd be inside of her, where she could feel all of him. Rocking her against the wall, the friction would just about kill her. They'd probably crack the damn wall in the process.

Oh, but the pleasure he'd give her. He might be a man who enjoyed dominating his women but he wasn't entirely selfish or stingy considering he'd gotten her off twice already and her...well she hadn't done anything for him.

Pretty damn selfish on her part, she realized. Maybe it was time to just take one step closer to him.

And then just like that, he was right up against her, his hands on her body and his mouth over hers, not allowing her any chance of escape. Pinning her in with his large hands on either side of her as he worshipped her mouth in that way he had that left her spinning.

Out of control...mustn't lose control or she'd have his cock inside of her so fast...would that really be so bad...no, it'd be so good....

"I'll take you right here if I have to but I'm not waiting any longer..."

She breathed against his chest, where she smelled his musk, it surrounded her and she found herself hungry for him too. Her mouth answered his by kissing him frantically, on his lips, around them and she felt his stubble tickle her chin.

"I need you too Buck...god...but..."

He spanned his waist with her hands and his cock pressed against the juncture between her thighs, riding the slickness there but not breaching her pussy. She quivered just from that...from the knowledge that one careful stroke, one flex of his powerful ass and that amazing cock would be inside her.

Where no man had been before but suddenly it became imperative that Jack be first, that the cock that her pussy grabbed hold of belong to him. But the realization of that filled her with fear too. No, she couldn't allow him to make her feel that way, how would she go out and do her work knowing she'd fucked her boss, the oldest cliché in the book. But...that's what the hands assumed anyway given that her boss had played poker to win her, to mark her with his cock.

Primal and seeping with machismo in a world that thrived on both...she'd always known that even as she struggled to find her way through it. Realizing that her biggest bargaining chip wasn't in between her ears but her legs.

She sighed against him as he thrust gently, just enough to tease her pussy with the promise of what he could fill it with if she'd just let him. She felt the tension of his body, of what could be unleashed any moment, and then he really wouldn't be able to stop. She caressed the tautness of his arms, corded with muscle that strained under his attempts to not take her hard against the wall.

"Buck...I need you..."

He kissed her neck, grabbing some skin in between his teeth, gently biting as his hands slid underneath the waistband of her panties and he began to lower them off of her pussy. She tensed then and looked at him.

If he removed him, she'd lose her edge over him.

His voice turned rasp.

"Enough to give me your cherry...?"

She pressed the top of her head into his chest as she pressed the nakedness of her pelvis against his for the first time and felt the hardness of his cock. His hands moved to cup her ass. He knew that she carried a lot of mixed emotions inside her of what she wanted, and what she feared. She wanted him badly enough to spread her legs for him, he felt the slickness of her desire as he rode the shaft of his cock against the lips of her pussy now. But she feared the unknown though she'd never admit it, she feared pain and all the messages society drummed down on women who fucked men without a wedding band first.

Men and women screwed around here as soon as their bodies grew up enough to come together that way. He'd lost his own virginity at 15 to the daughter of one of his boss's trainers. She'd been two years older and had taken the eager young buck under her tool age but he remembered how she urged him to keep quiet about it. Difficult considering it had been the landmark experience of his life up to then but he knew how society would crow over his accomplishment and frown in disapproval at her looseness.

He thought about that as he lowered his mouth on her full lips, caressing them, teasing them as he pressed her against the wall and slowly his thigh began to nudge her legs open just a little bit.

Then she shook her head at him then and pulled away.

"I can't do it here...the bed, it'll be better," she whispered, her eyes probing his and he nodded.

"You ready?"

She nodded slowly and took a deep breath.

"As ready as I'll ever be I guess."

He tilted her face up with a couple of fingers and looked directly into her eyes.

"No guessing here," he said, "either you are or you aren't and you'd better tell me now if you're not."

She looked at him and he saw her struggle with her decision. Not to fuck him but how to live with the action afterward.

He knew of a way to help her with that...and it didn't even involve using rope.

He caressed the hair off of her face, as she looked at him.

"You're so damn beautiful," he said, "I don't know how you hung onto it for so damn long."

She sighed.

"It's mine to decide and I wasn't about to raffle it off when I turned 18 to a bunch of horny men."

He chuckled at that, as he gazed down at the woman he had pinned against the wall.

"I remember the day you turned 18," he said, "When I saw you dancing at the independence party, I almost cut in."

Despite the sensations he elicited in her, she was curious to hear what he did instead.

"Well, why didn't you," she said, "In case you didn't notice, Carlton had his hand on my ass."

That made him frown and his muscles tense against her.

"I almost kicked his ass over that," he said, "You're still a young girl..."

"Not a girl...I'm a woman."

Oh yeah, he knew that, he knew that when he slipped one of her nipples in his mouth, ran his tongue over her ripened pussy and now, with his cock nudging that same pussy wanting to get inside of it.

"What would you have done," she said, "Would we have danced?"

"At first," he said, "Close enough for every inch of our bodies to touch...the slow songs only."

She considered that and nodded.

"You should have gone for it Buck," she said, "I never knew you to let an opportunity pass by to get what you wanted."

"You're too damn young..."

"I'm only a year older now and you've got me buck naked and I can feel how hard you are," she said, "so would we have just danced?"

He sighed.

"Nah...after we danced a couple of songs, I would have said something like we needed to go cool off with some iced sweet tea..."

She chuckled, despite the way her heart raced right now.

"Oh really, and you would have heated up things instead?"

He smiled, at the easygoing banter between them now, it all came down to how you handled a woman and he knew Melissa enough to know how to handle that.

"Oh yeah, you see we'd have gone inside the barn and if we had...this poker match tonight never would have taken place."

She got that stubborn glint in her eyes again.

"There are a lot of ropes inside the barn," she said, "Was that what you had planned?"

He stroked her face again, his fingers casually moving down the side of her neck.

"No actually, I would have just asked you to grab hold of that railing and taken you from behind," he said, "after sliding up your dress to get hold of your panties first."

Her brow arched.

"How do you know I'd been wearing any?"

He looked at her, his eyes widening slightly and she smiled.

"I got you...Buck, I'm not some trembling virgin like you think...and I'm not a tease."

He cupped her chin in his hand, stroking her lips with his thumb.

"I know you're not Melissa," he said, "but I'm done talking about how I would have taken you last year and I want to show you how I'm going to take you now."

If she looked taken aback by his firm tone, she didn't say anything. But when he grabbed hold of her, she felt his lips do a slow burn on her mouth this time as he pressed her against the wall and nudged her legs open with his knee. She struggled at that and his grip tightened.

"Hey, what are you doing?"

He interrupted his kiss enough to tell her.

"I'm making you mine...isn't that what you want...you want a guy to show how you how it's going down?"

She pressed against him.

"I never said that...I can't do that."

He pushed himself in between her thighs and she really felt him then. Her pussy throbbed with how close he was to just thrusting his cock inside of her right there and she wished he would...but she didn't want to be viewed as the boss's whore by everyone around her.

"You want me, I know you do," he said, "Well, you're getting what you want."

He grabbed hold of her then, and damn that pissed her off. She didn't atone to being dragged off into his lair so she tried to break free from his tight embrace, but he just held her tighter.

Then she realized he wouldn't have to tie her up, because he had raw strength to use for control.

"Stop it Melissa," he whispered at her, "Stop teasing me."

That made her see red and she struggled even harder, but it wasn't just anger that drove her but something more primal than that. She'd always been a fighter, struggling to survive; it was her first language from the cradle.

Somehow he knew that.

"Don't you fucking dare call me a tease or I'll..."

"Or you'll what," he said, "In a second, I'll have you on that bed and I'll have my cock inside your pussy so fast..."

The anger boiled in her but so did something much more raw and powerful, something that made her body tremble in his embrace. Something much stronger than fear, or passion or any emotion she had ever known. Before he lay her on the bed, he kissed her hard on the mouth, moving his lips over hers, then down her neck where he bit her.

She didn't feel any pain, she just felt...she pushed and she struggled but his grip, it bruised her and she still wanted to kick his ass.

"In your dreams Buck..."

He dropped her on the bed then and stood above her, much taller and much stronger, his muscular build dwarfing the light. His cock, long and thick, his balls tucked underneath. She just lay on the bed out of breath, but if he thought...but Buck didn't look like he was thinking at all.

What she saw instead was a man of action, raw power that could strip a woman bare while not even touching her clothes. She sucked in her breath at the reality that he would show her all that power, the dominance of an alpha male towards its mate.

She felt a thrill penetrate the wall of defenses she had erected around herself, but no...hell no would she ever be dominated by any man let alone the one standing in front of her.

He crawled onto the bed and she thought about sliding backwards out of reach but he anticipated that and he grabbed her wrists in one hand and so much for that. Then that massive weight, all male stretched out on top of her body, before she could wiggle away. He braced his arms on either side of her even while still holding her wrists over her head and looked down at her.

Her chest fell and rose with each labored breath, damn she had just let her use his strength against her in a moment of weakness. His naked body pressing her to the mattress enough to make it dip and only her legs kept him at bay. His mouth brushed against her lips leisurely like he knew he had her. His kisses coaxed, nursing her mouth carefully.

"You really think you're going to be able to keep me out?"

She heard the raggedness in his voice.

"Let go of my wrists," he said, "You don't need to hold them."

"You sure you're not going to fight," he said, "I know why you're doing it but I've got you where I need you right now and where you need me too."

The deep timbre of his voice betrayed a softness and she felt her body wanting to relax...and she wanted the pleasure he could give desperately.

"I don't want to be hurt..."

He kissed her softly on the mouth and then looked down at her.

"It'll only hurt a little at first," he said, "but if you relax and just let it happen and don't fight it..."

She bristled in his embrace.

"I can't...I don't want to hurt."

"It's part of being a woman Melissa," he said, "Life's filled with all kind of pain along with pleasure...but if you let me help you through the pain, I'll give you plenty of pleasure with it."

Her brow knit at his words. What the hell was he talking about...oh taking her virginity...which did hurt many women at first and after seeing what he would be putting inside of her, she expected some pain...because seriously how did he think that his cock would fit inside of her?

He looked into her eyes carefully just then, still being careful with his weight. Pressing hard enough to tell her that escape was futile but enough for her not to want it.

