 Susie ignored her phone as Flynn entered her for the second time that morning.

"Pinch my nipples," she said.

Flynn took her left nipple between his thumb and fore-finger and squeezed on it lightly. "No, harder, like you really want to hurt me," said Susie.

Flynn pinched the nipple hard. "Yes, that's it," exclaimed Susie.

"Since when have you been into pain?" asked Flynn.

"It was an article I read in one of my magazines," she replied, "it went into detail about how some pain during sex could be pleasurable. I tried it on myself first and found that I liked it but it's even better when you do it honey."

Feeling uncertain, and a little guilty about hurting his loving wife, Flynn bent down and sucked lovingly on the nipple he had just tweaked; licking and caressing it with his tongue as if kissing it better.

"Yes, that's good too," stated Susie, "it's the combination of pleasure and pain that seems to make it so much better!"

"You'll be wanting me to spank you next," said Flynn with a hint of a hopeful tone to his voice.

"Not sure about that," replied Susie. "Perhaps we'll try it sometime; but not on our anniversary eh?"

Flynn laughed and increased the tempo of his cock moving in and out of Susie's love nest. "You never fail to make me horny," he said, looking lovingly into the eyes of his wife of five years.

She smiled up at him and grabbed at his arse cheeks, pulling him deeper into her. "Never let that stop," she said.

Flynn was now pumping for all he was worth; he took his cock out of Susie's pussy and started to stroke it. He aimed it at Susie's breasts as the cum started to spurt out, coating first the right breast and then the left one before firing his last shot at her navel. "Your second present of the day," he said. He then reached down with his hand and started to spread the cum all over her body like some sort of massage oil.

"I love you so much," said Susie, as tears started to form in the corners of her eyes. She had started to think of how she had cheated on Flynn and was feeling guilty about betraying her husband.

"What's with the waterworks?" asked Flynn, "I prescribe plenty of sex with a small helping of bed rest to cure your emotional distress."

Despite herself, Susie laughed. Flynn had always been able to brighten up even the worst of moments with his sense of humour. It also helped that he had the body of a god with a cock to match!

"Let's get showered and down to breakfast before the restaurant closes," said Susie.

After showering and dressing they left their room and made their way to the hotel restaurant.

"I know what position I want to do when we return to the room," said Susie.

"Let me guess," smiled Flynn, "it wouldn't be anything to do with your star sign would it? They try to claim that you Cancerians have the sign of crab's claws but we all know it's a 69."

Susie laughed and then hushed her husband; they were nearing the breakfast check-in and she didn't want anyone over-hearing their lewd conversation.

As they waited for their breakfast to arrive at the table, Susie removed her phone from her bag to check the well-wishing messages they had received from friends and family.

She scrolled down them, reading an occasional one out to Flynn before exclaiming "Fuck!" rather loudly.

Some of the other patrons looked around at her disapprovingly as Flynn reached his hand across the table to take hold of her free hand. "What's the matter honey?" he asked.

She looked nervously at him before saying, "Not here. I'll tell you about it when we get back to the room."

She looked one last time at the message on her screen. "Ten-thirty. The Clinic, Danny," before returning the phone to her bag.

They ate their breakfast with Susie trying to remove Danny from her thoughts. "That little bastard isn't going to ruin my anniversary," she thought. Flynn had second helpings; "Building up his stamina," he claimed, while Susie nursed a cup of tea.

It appeared to Susie that her brief upset at breakfast had been forgotten as they walked back to their room, with Flynn trying to surreptitiously caress her bottom and her breasts as they walked along. Susie was giggling but also trying to keep an eye out for other people and security cameras.

Once inside their room, they quickly removed each other's clothing before getting on the bed in Susie's favourite 69 position. They spent the next twenty minutes with their faces buried in each other's groin, pausing occasionally to replenish their air supply before trying to get each other to come using only their mouth and tongues. Eventually Susie could take no more as Flynn's constant lapping at her clit took her over the edge and he was rewarded with a spray of her juices into his mouth, with some dribbling down his chin onto his chest.

Susie rolled off of Flynn and lay panting after all her exertions. Flynn got up from the bed and poured them both a glass of water from the bottle on the bedside table, handing one to Susie, who gulped at it greedily.

"So, what was that at breakfast?" he asked.

Susie took another big gulp of the water in front of her, trying to put together a story in her head. Eventually she turned to Flynn and said, "It was a message from one of my work-mates. She's been diagnosed with breast cancer. She's asked if I can go to the clinic with her when she goes for treatment."

"Well, of course you must," said Flynn, "first your mother and now your friend. It's not been a good year, has it?"

"Enough of that for now," said Susie, "come and lay beside me. I need a cuddle."

They spent the rest of the day in their room working their way through their own version of the Kama Sutra; ordering room service for lunch before emerging in the evening to return to the restaurant for dinner. Susie looked across the table at Flynn, sitting there in his best suit, looking as handsome as the day she first laid eyes upon him. Their five years of marriage seemed to have flown past and she seemed to love him more with every passing day. She just hoped that she could get through her present ordeal without him finding out; it could be the end of them.

The next day they were driving back home. Susie had worn a short skirt in the car as Flynn liked her to. She sat with her legs spread slightly apart and when his left hand was free, Flynn would reach across and stroke his hand up the inside of her bare thigh. She just loved the idea that some van or lorry driver going in the opposite direction might look down into their car and see Flynn's hand at play up her skirt. They were now on a particularly long, straight stretch of road and Flynn's left hand was redundant from driving duties for the foreseeable future; he glanced across at Susie and smiled as he worked his hand further up her thigh.

"Holy shit," he exclaimed, "Commando?"

"Thought you might appreciate a little treat," said Susie smiling.

Flynn's mind was racing as his cock started to throb inside his trousers. He noticed the sign for a turning half a mile up the road; upon nearing it he could see that it appeared to be a small road with no traffic turning in or out. He turned into it and drove for a couple of hundred yards before coming across what appeared to be little more than a dirt track off on the left. He decided to chance it and turned into this road, driving a little further until the car was out of sight of the road and then pulled to a halt.

"Okay you, in the back," he said to Susie.

"Oooh I love it when you get so masterful," she joked as she exited the car and got into the back seats, lying on her front.

"No," said Flynn, "hands and knees. I want you doggy style."

"Woof," said Susie as she did as Flynn had asked.

Flynn reached into the car and grabbed Susie by the waist, positioning her right on the edge of the seat near the door. He lifted her skirt up onto her back and then she heard him undo his zip and felt the tip of his cock against her labia. With one grunt he had entered her and was holding her arse cheeks as he started to pound into her.

"Oh yes, that's so good, so animalistic," said Susie, "you feel like a stallion taking his mate."

All she got back from Flynn was a number of grunts as he thrust his cock in and out of her little pussy; their juices were combining and creating a small rivulet of fluid down the inside of one of her thighs. With one hand Susie reached underneath herself and started to stroke her clit. "Oh yes, Flynn, that's so good. Keep it coming," she gasped between heavy breaths.

For his part, Flynn was already on the verge of coming. They hadn't had car sex since their courting days and never anything as spontaneous as this. His excitement got the better of him and he withdrew his cock as he started to spurt; unloading the bulk of his cum over Susie's alabaster cheeks with several spurts aimed deliberately at her anus. As soon as he had finished he started to rub his semen into Susie's arse cheeks and stroked closer and closer to her butt hole before starting to lubricate this with the copious amount of fluid he had aimed there.

Susie had collapsed her head onto the seat of the car and just stayed there wondering how far Flynn would take this; they had never even broached the subject of anal sex and this was new and, she felt, quite exciting.

With no objection coming from Susie, Flynn continued exploring Susie's butt and slowly started to slide a semen coated finger into the pretty little opening before him. When Susie still did not object, he pushed it further in until it was buried up to his second knuckle. It was warm and tight, and he was enjoying the sensation of exploring this new orifice. He was brought back from his thoughts when he heard the sound of Susie's voice.

"I hope you're going to clean me up back there," she stated.

"Of course, honey," he answered as he withdrew his finger and, with his tongue, started cleaning away the cum that had not already dried onto Susie's backside. He left the pool of semen around her anus till last and finally began lapping at her cute pink hole, sucking the fluid into his mouth while trying to work the tip of his tongue into the tiny opening.

When he had first licked away his own cum, several years previously, Susie had been quite shocked and unsure that this was the man for her; but having tasted the delights of it herself she could understand his desire not to let his tasty seed go to waste and she enjoyed the feeling of his rasping tongue on her flesh cleaning away his mess.

"Save some of that for me," said Susie, as she realised that Flynn had almost drained the reservoir of cum.

Flynn stopped licking and held the final pool of cum in his mouth as Susie turned to face him. She opened her mouth and Flynn let the mouthful of fluid flow into her waiting mouth; she swallowed hungrily as if drinking from an oasis in the desert.

Once finished they returned to the front of the car. There was no visible turning point in the mud track and Flynn had to carefully reverse down the "road", making sure to avoid the tree roots precariously lining the sides of the track.

When they were back on the main road Susie reclined her seat as far as she could and started to doze off, leaving her legs apart so that Flynn could let his hand wander when the opportunity arose. She awoke when the car came to a halt. Expecting to have arrived home, she opened her eyes and realised that Flynn had pulled into a petrol station. Flynn was stood at the side of the car with the pump in his hand re-fuelling the car. She yawned, stretched her arms and decided she needed the loo. Susie exited the car and went towards the shop to get the key to the toilet.

Charlie looked up from his newspaper when Susie opened the door and smiled immediately. He handed Susie the key when she asked and watched her cute backside sashay back down the shop aisle. As soon as she was out of the door, Charlie checked the forecourt for other vehicles, noticed there were none and flicked a switch next to a monitor underneath the counter. The screen sparked into life just in time to see Susie enter the toilet and make her way to the cubicle, where she sat down on the toilet seat.

"Come on baby, give me a show," he said, hoping to get a glimpse of Susie's pussy when she wiped herself. He glanced out to the forecourt again and noticed that Flynn was just about finishing up his refuelling. Looking back at the monitor he realised that Susie's position had changed, "Shit, she's playing with herself," he muttered. He quickly switched the screen off as Flynn entered the door.

After Flynn had paid and departed the shop, Charlie switched the screen back on and enjoyed the sight of Susie's fingers working in and out of her pussy. Occasionally she would remove them from between her legs and place them into her mouth, having a good suck on them before returning them to her love-hole. Charlie started to stroke his cock through his trousers, enjoying the scene playing before him. "Thank God for slow days," he said as he quickly brought his cock to arousal.

Flynn had returned to the car and sat awaiting Susie's return. After what seemed an inordinate amount of time he exited the car and made his way to the toilet to check that she was okay. He knocked lightly on the door and said, "Susie, love, you okay in there?"

"Come in Flynn and lock the door behind you," came Susie's reply.

Flynn grinned and entered the toilet.

"Get over here now," said Susie, her face slightly flushed from pleasuring herself.

Flynn approached where Susie was sitting. She undid his belt and his zip and yanked his jeans and boxers down. Grabbing hold of his cock, she started to stroke it to erection and slowly encircled the knob with her mouth.

Charlie checked the forecourt again and removed his cock from his trousers. "That's it honey," he said, "give my cock a nice long suck. Try to get your tongue into my pisshole." As Susie started to move her mouth up and down Flynn's cock, Charlie moved his hand at the same tempo, imagining that it was his cock that Susie was sucking on.

Susie had now removed Flynn's cock from her mouth and was stroking it with her right hand, moving her mouth to his balls and licking them before taking each of them in turn into her mouth and having a good long suck on them.

"Oh, fuck," said Charlie and Flynn almost simultaneously.

Susie was now licking up the length of Flynn's cock, coating it with her saliva. Her left hand moved behind Flynn and cupped his right buttock, before giving it a good hard squeeze. Flynn moaned, and Susie let her hand wander to the cleft between his cheeks, slowly letting her fingers trace down the crack until they reached his arsehole. Flynn jerked forward and Susie opened her mouth to allow Flynn's thrust to carry his cock into it. She began sucking again in earnest as she continued to play with his butt hole, fingering it and trying to work a digit into the tight opening.

"Oh my God, Susie love, this is incredible," he said.

Removing her mouth again she said, "Okay Flynn, time for you to take a pew." She got up off the toilet so that Flynn could replace her. Susie looked down at Flynn with his erection sticking straight up in salute. "Christ," she said, "you could fly a flag on that thing."

She parted her legs as she straddled Flynn and ever so slowly lowered her pussy onto the awaiting engorged meat, pausing as the tip entered her and squeezing with her vaginal muscles to tighten her passageway.

Charlie was stroking his member vigorously behind the counter, taking immense pleasure in the offering before him on the screen and imagining that he was the beneficiary of this sexy woman's attention. He felt on the verge of coming and looked around for something to catch his ejaculation in. While he was still searching for something, the door opened and all in the same moment he ejaculated with a fountain of cum spurting over the counter and landing on the chocolate bar display in front of the counter. He looked embarrassedly at the newcomer who was looking aghast in his direction.

Back in the toilet, Susie was working her pussy up and down Flynn's pole. Her pussy was sopping wet and her juices were flowing freely down his length and onto his balls and thighs. Flynn reached up and pulled the sleeves of her summer top down her arms, exposing her bra in the process. He then did the same with her bra straps and lowered the cups of her bra, exposing her breasts and sweet perky nipples to his gaze. Remembering her liking for it, he took hold of both nipples in his fingers and pinched them both hard.

"Oh God, yes," she said, increasing her tempo on his thick cock.

Flynn then bent forward and tried to suckle on her tits as she was rising up and down on him. Finding this too difficult with her increasing tempo, he contented himself with grabbing her breasts with his hands and squeezing them hard, flicking his fingers over the nipples every now and then to keep them nice and perky.

"Oh God, I'm coming," she said.

"Just a few more strokes, honey," said Flynn, "and I'll be joining you."

Susie re-doubled her efforts; her bottom was now pistoning up and down Flynn's slippery pole; she came almost instantly, and her juices poured out causing Flynn to erupt with a river of cum flooding her vagina. As she climbed off of her lover, a pool of cum gushed out of her and landed on Flynn's lap. They cleaned themselves up as best they could and exited the toilet.

"You'd better take the key back," said Flynn, "after all, you collected it and I can't go anywhere with this stain on my jeans."

Susie looked down at Flynn's jeans and noticed a large damp patch around the groin area where their juices had streamed down during the course of their love-making and ended up on his jeans on the floor. She smiled, took the key and walked towards the shop.

When she entered the shop, she noticed that the man who had given her the key was this side of the counter doing something with the chocolate display. She handed him the key and noticed what looked suspiciously like cum on several of the sweet wrappers.

"Someone have an accident?" she asked amusedly as she turned and walked back out of the shop.

Charlie stopped what he was doing and watched her walk away; not taking his eyes off her arse until she was sitting in the car.

"I think you've got a fan there," said Flynn, who had been watching Charlie ogle his wife.

They drove away from the forecourt and continued on their journey home. Susie was no longer in the mood for sleep and spent the next ten minutes dipping her fingers into her pussy and extracting cum which she then proceeded to lick from her hand; occasionally, driving permitting, offering Flynn a taste of their combined juices.

"That's another one we can cross off our list of places to screw," she said to Flynn.