 Danny was sitting in his car, parked a couple of doors down from Susie and Flynn's place. While he waited he was flicking through the pictures on his phone; his album of memorabilia of the women he had used over the years. Some of the pictures had him in them with his cock buried in a pussy or a mouth, some were just of the women and some had Carmen as a willing participant. His current favourites were the recent ones of Carmen eating Susie's snatch in the car park.

"Ahh Carmen," he thought. If he wasn't already married he would rush her to the alter. Her sexy, young, tight body and willingness to experiment were everything he looked for in a woman. He remembered the day she had arrived for the job interview; being a hot Summer's day she had been wearing a short, flowery, flimsy dress that, when the sun caught it, was almost translucent. Her CV was adequate; for a young woman he couldn't expect much experience, but her mannerisms were well suited to those required for the job. When he had called her back for a second interview it was only about five minutes before she was lying on the couch with her legs spread thanking him for the job offer.

Not that he could complain too much; with his wife being in the porn industry she was very capable in the bedroom department and as she was regularly having sex with men during filming she was not concerned about his dalliances with his "clients."

His attention was drawn to a cab drawing up outside Susie's house. Within a couple of minutes Susie and Flynn had emerged and got into the cab. Danny followed the cab into town and slowed down as it pulled over; having noted which restaurant the happy couple were going into he drove past and parked his car in a side street. Before exiting his car, he got out his phone and sent a text, smiled to himself and, leaving the car, walked towards the restaurant.

Susie could not believe her eyes when she noticed Danny walk through the restaurant door. He was unaccompanied, which worried her. "Am I being paranoid," she thought, "there's no way he could have known where I would be tonight."

She watched as he walked past, breathed a sigh of relief as he didn't stop he say anything and saw him disappear in the direction of the toilets.

About thirty seconds later her phone alerted her to an incoming message. It was from him - "Gents toilets NOW" was all it said. Susie gulped but knew this was what she had agreed to - "Any time, any place etc." She told Flynn that she needed the Ladies and, rather unusually he thought, asked him to look after her bag for her. 

"That'll prevent him from going to the loo," she thought, "there's no way he will walk around carrying a woman's handbag."

AS Susie neared the door to the Gents, she checked around to ensure that no-one could see before pushing it open and cautiously entering. Danny was awaiting her arrival and beckoned her to him. He took her into his arms and grasped her butt, enjoying the feel of the silky fabric as it slid across her cheeks. 

"You bastard," she said, "you know my husband's outside, right?"

"Course I do and I hope he enjoys his birthday as much as I am going to," he answered.

"Can we at least go into a cubicle?" asked Susie.

"No," said Danny, "I like the excitement of someone walking in on us at any moment too much. Now get down on your knees and undo my flies - I think you know what to do next."

Susie looked aghast at the floor. At least it was a restaurant's toilets and the floor looked as if it was cleaned on a regular basis. She lowered herself to her knees, released Danny's cock and started to suck on it whilst rubbing firmly with her hands. While she really didn't want a mouthful of cum before eating, it was preferable to Danny coming in her pussy on Flynn's birthday.

"Easy girl," said Danny, "you're not getting off that lightly. Stand up and get your panties off. As it's Flynn's birthday I hope your wearing a nice set for him."

Susie grimaced; nice wasn't the word, this was her best and most expensive set. A stylish but sexy combo in light grey with a floral pattern, the knickers being lacy at the back to expose her backside to anyone lucky enough to get a view. She removed them and handed them to Danny, knowing that was the last she would be seeing of that pair. Danny took them from her, had his usual sniff and placed them in his pocket.

Seeing the look on her face he remarked, "Come now, a few pairs of knickers will set you back a lot less then five and a half grand."

He then hiked Susie's dress up above her waist, exposing her pussy to him and her naked butt to anyone who entered the Gents. Just as he was doing this the door opened; Susie looked round and saw a rather sheepish looking young man glance at them and disappear into a cubicle.

Danny wasted no time and drove his cock into her surprisingly moist pussy; she must like this more than she lets on, he thought to himself. He knew that he couldn't take too long in case Flynn decided to get someone to check on Susie, so he decided to go full pelt at her pussy straight away.

The door opened again and this time a rather rotund man in his fifties walked in. He smiled at the sight before him and took up position at the closest urinal to the action, making a show of pulling his cock out of his trousers in the hope that Susie would catch sight.

After finishing peeing he left his cock hanging and spoke to Danny. "Any chance of me having a go when you're finished?" he asked.

"You'll have to ask the lady if she's made enough money for the night," responded Danny, with a huge smile on his face.

Susie turned to face the newcomer. She looked him up and down and said, "Fuck off and take that flabby cock with you."

The man held his hands up in mock surrender, placed his cock back inside his trousers and left.

The act of being caught having sex in the Gents excited Danny enormously and he pumped his cock even harder into Susie's wet pussy, enjoying the velvety feeling of her inner sanctum. He moved his hands to grope at her breasts through her dress, her nipples responded despite herself and he pinched and tweaked on them making Susie gasp out loud. With one final thrust he came inside her, with some of his load dribbling down her inner thigh as he withdrew his cock.

As soon as he was done he called, "Okay Stevie, now."

Susie looked around as the young man emerged from the cubicle he had been occupying.

"Susie, meet Steve, my younger brother. He is here to help you clean up."

Steve approached the pair of them and knelt on the floor in front of Susie with his head between her thighs.

"I'd rather just use some tissues if it's all the same to you," said Susie.

"Ah but it isn't, Susie sweet. You are going to let Steve do his job like a good girl, aren't you?"

Susie nodded as Steve began cleaning her thighs of the semen that was slowly making its way down her legs. Although hating the position she was in, it was turning Susie on to have one man eating another man's cum off of her bare skin. Her feelings intensified as Steve placed his mouth over her pussy and began to lick Danny's cum from inside her; Susie reached down and grabbed the top of Steve's head pulling the mouth closer to her. She hated herself for doing this but the pleasure she was experiencing had overtaken her moral senses and she was now a wanton whore whose body could be used by Steve, Danny, Flynn or all three of them at the same time.

Susie was disappointed when Steve finished cleaning her up and withdrew his tongue. He was just about to get up when Danny said," Now, now Stevie. Haven't you forgotten something?"

Danny turned around on his knees and took Danny's cock into his mouth, cleaning all the mess from that as well. It appeared to Susie that he didn't take any pleasure from this task but clearly Danny was in charge and Steve did as he was told.

"Okay Susie love, off you pop. I'm sure that husband of yours will be wondering what's taking so long," said Danny as he did his flies up.

Smoothing down her dress as she walked towards the door, Susie was concocting a story for Flynn to explain why she had been absent for so long. She decided to opt for the "Only one toilet working and a queue" excuse, even though there were hardly enough women in the restaurant to form a queue and hoped that Flynn wasn't being particularly observant tonight. He seemed to accept her story and continued drinking his beer as Susie perused the menu; Flynn had long ago decided on his meal.

Susie looked up from the menu as Danny walked past on his way to the door, he nodded to her as she glanced at him.

"Someone you know?" enquired Flynn.

"That's the doctor who's treating mum," she responded.

They enjoyed the rest of the evening together with Flynn getting quite inebriated from the number of beers he was putting away. Susie had decided to stick with spritzers so that at least one of them would be fairly sober for the journey home.

In the cab back to their place Flynn was getting quite amorous and in his drunken state didn't seem to care what the cab driver saw or heard. His hands were reaching under Susie's dress, caressing her soft skin and working their way up to her honeypot. He had reached his target and was caressing her bare pussy, trying to insert one of his fingers into her. The driver had repositioned his rear-view mirror so that he could get a better view of the action and with his free hand was stroking the bulge in his trousers. He slowed the car down to extend the time of the journey home, hoping to see more of a show.

Susie had noticed the driver adjust his mirror and initially was about to reprimand him. The idea of being watched, however, appealed to the new dark side of her and she lifted her backside off the seat of the cab, so she could hitch her dress up; she spread her legs as far as she could allowing Flynn total access to her honeypot.

The driver could now see everything that Susie had to offer; well he could when that stupid guy's hand wasn't in the way and he licked his lips at the sight of the moist pussy on display. He groaned out loud as Flynn inserted two fingers into the wet hole, causing Flynn to briefly glance in his direction before he returned to his endeavours. Despite driving the last few miles at crawling pace the cab had arrived at its destination. Susie pulled Flynn's fingers from inside her and told him to exit the cab as she went to pay the driver.

"Hope you enjoyed the show," she said to him as she handed him the fare.

He just smiled at her, dumbstruck, and watched her nice trim body walk along the path, supporting her husband, to the front door.