 It had been over two months since Flynn's birthday and Susie hadn't heard from Danny in all that time. She had stopped shuddering every time her phone indicated that a message had been received and was almost back to her normal self. Today was the day of her youngest sister's wedding and Susie was to be the Maid of Honour.

She had everything under control; the hairdresser and make-up artist were working their magic on the bride to be and her bridesmaids and everything was going to clockwork. Jayne, her sister, was having the usual pre-ceremony nerves which Susie was helping her through with a glass of prosecco and some big sister, been there -- done it, advice.

Part of Susie's duties was to meet guests as they arrived at the venue, so she left Jayne in the capable hands of Jenny, her mother, while she went outside to greet people and direct them to the bar for pre-ceremony drinks. Having just directed her distant cousins, Molly and Holly, in the direction of the bar she turned to face the next guest.

"Hello, Susie love," came the familiar sound of Danny's voice.

"What the..." remembering that a lot of people were within earshot, Susie changed her tone, "Hello Danny, Carmen, the bar is just through that door to the left."

Danny leaned forward and whispered into Susie's ear, "I need to speak with you privately, now."

"Give me a moment," said Susie, "I need to get my sister to cover for me."

Susie rushed back into where Jayne was getting ready and grabbed Miranda, her other sister, by the arm. "You need to cover me for a while, meeting the guests," she said.

"What's going on?" asked Miranda, "I was hoping to sneak to the bar and have a drink with Seb."

"Sorry, can't explain," said Susie, "something's come up that I need to deal with."

Susie hurried back to where Danny was waiting for her. "What the hell are you doing here," she asked, "It's strictly invitation only."

Danny reached into his pocket and produced an invitation, "Your mother was very grateful for her free treatment," he stated, "she almost begged me to attend. How could I refuse? Now, I want you to get the key to the honeymoon suite and meet me there in ten minutes."

"What the fuck!" said Susie, "That's not possible."

"You are the Maid of Honour," said Danny, "what would be more normal than you needing access to check that everything is as desired in the love-birds room for the night?"

Susie scowled at Danny and went to the reception desk to try to get the desired key.

As she approached the honeymoon suite, she saw Danny waiting for her. She put the key in the lock and turned it, as she entered into the room Danny rushed in behind her and locked the door from the inside.

The room was set up perfectly for the bride and groom and Susie felt a tear come to her eye as she imagined what was to happen to violate the sanctuary of her youngest sister's wedding bed.

"Nice outfit," said Danny, "now take it off."

Susie unzipped her dress and slid it down her body revealing a plain white bra and a pair of white knickers emblazoned with the words "Team Bride."

"How touching," said Danny, "now lie on the bed for me."

"Can't we do this standing up again?" asked Susie, "That's to be their wedding bed -- I can't soil that!"

"Susie, you're not getting this are you?" asked Danny, "I want to go where others do not dare! I want to christen your sister's wedding bed before she does and you are going to help me."

As the tears started streaming down her face Susie lay on the bed as instructed. "Can we please make this quick, the ceremony is only forty minutes away and I'm gonna be missed," she said.

"Well if you're making demands about how long this lasts we might have to add another session to your payment schedule," said Danny with a smirk on his face as he began to remove his clothes.

"Unless," he continued, "you can get sister Jayne to have sex with me today. In which case I will consider your mother's bill fully paid."

"There is no way I am getting her involved in this," declared Susie, "I will make all the payments for mum."

"Pity," said Danny, "that's one I still need to cross off my list; sex with the bride on her wedding day."

Once naked, he climbed onto the bed and buried his face into Susie's groin, pulling her knickers aside and lapping at her lips. Susie gasped; she had not been expecting oral as previously Danny had always been straight in for the fuck. Despite not wanting to, Susie began to enjoy the feeling of Danny's lips and tongue on her inflamed pussy and she ran her fingers through his hair. Danny pulled her knickers down her legs and tossed them into the pile of his clothing, rising up her body and thrusting his cock into her ready mound. With her legs spread wide, Susie used her vaginal muscles to squeeze the cock pumping into her, trying to make Danny cum as quickly as possible. It was a technique she had perfected at College, when she would have a quickie between classes, sometimes with a current boyfriend, others with a passing fancy, especially on a hot Summer's day.

The feeling in Danny's cock was that of being milked and he came much sooner than he had been planning or expected. He collapsed on top of Susie, panting for a short while before getting up and getting dressed. Susie quickly rose from the bed, "Can I have my knickers now please?" she asked.

Danny looked at the white keepsake knickers for her sister's wedding, "Nah," said Danny, "you know the rules, I keep the knickers."

"But you can't expect me to go commando throughout the service and the wedding breakfast!" she exclaimed.

"I will take great pleasure in watching you all day, knowing you are knickerless with the possibility of some of my seed dribbling down your thighs," replied Danny, "Now, you'd better tidy this bed up before you get back to your duties." And with that he was out of the door and gone.

Susie remade the bed the best she could. It didn't look professionally done as it had been before their intercourse, but she hoped that Jayne and Paul would be either too drunk or too full of lust to notice the state of the bed when they were in the room later that night.

As Susie returned to the room Jayne was getting ready in, Jayne called to her, "Where on earth have you been? I've had search parties looking for you! And what has happened to your hair?"

Susie checked herself in the mirror, "Shit," she thought, "I forgot to check that my hair was alright." She tidied it up as best she could and apologised for her absence, saying that she had felt a bit queasy and had been locked in a toilet for a long time.

As Susie followed Jayne down the aisle, she noticed Danny and Carmen sitting in a row next to Molly and Holly, Carmen gave her a big smile. She looked stunning in a mocha, low cut, backless, tight dress that showed off her beautiful body to perfection; it made Susie's pussy tingle just looking at her!

The ceremony passed smoothly and the guests gathered in the bar for drinks before sitting for the breakfast. Susie had a glass of prosecco and Flynn had a straight scotch as they mingled with the other guests, discussing how beautiful the ceremony was, how wonderful Jayne looked and what lovely weather they had benefitted from.

Among the other guests, Susie noticed that Danny and Carmen were chatting to her cousins. "Please don't get involved with him," she thought to herself. She considered having a quiet word with them but knew that if Danny found out he would punish her in some way or other. She continued to circulate and started chatting with Mary, Paul's mother, who seemed to be celebrating her only son's marriage a bit too well. Three o'clock in the afternoon and she was already well bombed and was slightly slurring her words as she spoke. She was letting all her angst out to Susie; how she had not recovered from her divorce nine months previously, how she still loved her James, her ex and then going into too much detail about how she hadn't got laid since the divorce. Susie made her excuses and carried on round the room, doing her best to avoid the lech Sebastian.

The meal and speeches passed without incident and the tables were cleared to make way for a dance floor. A live band started playing some background music while the guests waited for everything to be readied and then, at the given time, they started playing the intro to "A thousand years" which was Jayne and Paul's first dance. After a couple of minutes of dancing the happy couple encouraged others to join them on the dance floor and Flynn whisked Susie into the fray, grinding his hips against her pelvis as they moved to the music. At that moment Susie forgot all about her earlier encounter with Danny and felt totally happy and relaxed. The next few songs were more up tempo and they danced to a couple before exiting the floor to get a drink from the bar.

As Susie waited for Flynn to return with her drink, she was approached by Danny. "I must say you and your hubby make a handsome couple on the dance floor. Perhaps I could get a grind with you later?"

"Sod off, Danny," whispered Susie, "you've had all the fun you're going to have with me today."

Danny laughed and went back to join Carmen, Molly and Holly who were shaking their stuff on the dance floor to "Shake your groove thing." Danny enjoyed a dance, even more so when there were young ladies involved wearing tight, skimpy outfits that showed every curve as they gyrated on the dance floor. He was gonna get laid before the night was over; it was just a question of with whom.

Susie watched him walk away and was only aroused from her train of thought when she heard Flynn, "Susie love, here's your drink. What's got you so engrossed -- that's the second time I said it."

Apologising to Flynn, Susie said she was just entranced by how happy her sister looked. Flynn nodded in agreement and began drinking his pint as Susie sipped on her prosecco.

They danced intermittently after that, when one or other of their favourite dance tunes were being played; Susie joined in the line dances, but Flynn wasn't into them and retired to the bar to chat with other guests who were either not into dancing or had just had their fill for the time being.

As the evening turned to night, the music turned to slow, romantic songs and the dance floor thinned out. The lights were lowered even more to add to the romantic atmosphere and Susie was happy to see Jayne and Paul gyrating slowly to the love songs, gazing into each other's eyes and occasionally merging their mouths together for long, hot kisses. She surveyed the other couples on the dance floor, Miranda was dancing with the best man, Brian, as Seb, her husband didn't dance; she noticed that Danny had his arms around Molly and that Carmen was dancing cheek to cheek with Holly. At this last sight Susie felt a twinge of jealousy; "Get a grip girl," she thought to herself, "you're a happily married woman." She tore her eyes away from Carmen's shapely body and fixed her gaze on Danny and Molly; Danny's hand was drifting down Molly's back and reached her bottom only for Molly to take hold of it and return it to her back. It appeared to Susie that Danny tried this several times before giving up on his endeavours. 

At the end of the song Danny and Molly parted and Danny went off in search of fresh prey; he glanced over at Susie but carried on his search as she stuck one finger up at him. The band had just started to play "Sexual healing" and, as Susie continued to survey the dance floor, she noticed that Carmen and Holly were still together. Holly had her head on Carmen's chest as Carmen held her tight to her, stroking her hair with one hand while the other lightly caressed Holly's backside. Jenny came over to Susie holding two glasses of prosecco and offered one to Susie, "I noticed you needed a refill," she said. Looking around the dance floor her eyes widened as she saw Carmen and Holly's intimate dancing, "Do you think they are..."

"Oh mum, you really need to keep up to date with family gossip. Both Holly and Molly are gay; well, I think they're bi, they still share a double bed at Uncle Roger's even though he has two spare rooms."

Jenny looked shocked and gulped at her drink. "Oh look," she said, "that nice Danny has got Mary up. I hope he keeps a good grip on her, she looks about ready to fall over!" at which she laughed. Susie looked with pity at Mary; although she barely knew the woman, she wouldn't wish a tryst with Danny on her, especially in her emotional state. Having failed with the younger women in the room Danny appeared to have lowered his sights to this woman who was probably about twenty years his senior. Although she had looked after herself reasonably well, she had developed a bit of a tummy and some "love handles", her breasts had started to make their way South but her bum was nice and trim and Danny had two handfuls which he was fondling as Mary leaned her head on his chest.

Returning her attention to Carmen and Holly, Susie noticed that Carmen was whispering in Holly's ear. Holly lifted her head off of Carmen's breast and gazed into her eyes before moving her lips to Carmen's and kissing her. She then took Carmen by the hand and left the room headed, Susie assumed, to the chalets where Molly and Holly were staying for the night. Again, Susie felt that pang of jealousy; she wanted to remove that dress from Carmen's oh so shapely body, suck on her nipples and eat that gorgeous pussy again. "What is happening to me?" she thought, "One forced fling with another woman and I'm instantly a lesbian."

Out of the corner of her eye she caught sight of Danny manoeuvring Mary towards the darkest, least occupied part of the dance floor. Susie excused herself from her mum and followed them at a discreet distance, trying her best to stay in the shadows. She stopped when she felt she had a prime position to view what was happening and watched as Danny let his hands roam all over Mary's body. He checked that no-one was about and moved his hand to the zip of Mary's dress, undoing it all the way down. His hand slipped inside the dress and Susie could see that he was caressing Mary's backside; she couldn't work out if his hand was inside or outside of her knickers, assuming that she was wearing some!

Although Mary was not totally drunk, she had downed enough to loosen her morals, so whilst she was aware of the possibility of someone seeing her, she was so desperate to get laid she didn't want to lose this chance by rejecting Danny's advances. She shivered when she felt the cool air hit her back as her zip was undone and gasped as Danny's hand went inside her knickers to caress her bare cheeks. The feelings this was generating in her had been a distant memory, but her pussy was now springing into life, moistening and preparing itself to welcome a good length of man flesh. She was surprised when Danny's fingers started to stroke her anus; James, her ex-husband, had never ventured near it and she was not used to it being touched at all, let alone by a stranger. She flinched as Danny inserted a finger into her backside, but her mind was taken off this as Danny leant in to kiss her, forcing his tongue into her mouth as she sucked greedily on it.

As he had been "working his magic" on Mary, Danny had noticed Susie in the shadows and decided to put on a show for her. He removed his finger from Mary's butt and used both hands to work the hem of her dress up to her waist. He then pulled her knickers about half way down her backside, exposing the top of her cheeks to Susie's watching eyes. The effect this was having on Susie surprised her as she started to slowly stroke her clit through her dress; with no knickers on, this was extremely effective and she was soon leaking fluid from her pussy as she watched the scene unfold before her.

Danny continued with his show, returning his hands to Mary's arse and poking a finger into her anus, working it slowly in and out as Mary whimpered into his mouth. He whispered into her ear following which she anxiously looked to see whether anyone was watching them. Satisfied that they were all alone in this part of the room, she moved her hand to Danny's flies, undid them and after a little struggle removed his pulsing cock from his trousers. She looked at it longingly and started to stroke it with her hand, encouraging it to grow even more. Danny was now groping her tits with one hand while the other still had a digit plunging into her anus. He bent down and whispered to her again; she looked up at him and nodded as he replaced his cock into his trousers, pulled up Mary's knickers and lowered her hemline.

They left the room and walked in the same direction as Holly and Carmen had earlier, with Susie following in tow. There was to be no room for them, however, as Danny spun Mary around when they reached a trestle table outside the now closed external bar and somewhat roughly pushed her face down onto the table. He pulled up her dress again, removed her knickers, put them into his pocket and whipped out his cock. Within seconds he was shafting Mary in plain view of anyone leaving the reception to go to their cars or to make their way to their chalets. Danny didn't care about being seen, it appealed to the exhibitionist in him and Mary was, unfortunately for her, too eager to have a cock in her pussy that she had passed the point of caring.

As Susie stood behind a car watching Mary being taken roughly from behind she recommenced the stroking of her clit; the excitement was welling up in her and she felt an orgasm coming on. She looked around to see if anyone else was taking in the public sex display and noticed that two of the young receptionists were standing in the shadows of the reception area; as far as Susie could make out they appeared to be stroking each other's pussy.

Susie heard footsteps approaching and stopped fondling herself; looking around she saw James walking to his chalet with his new wife on his arm. They both looked at the scene on the trestle table and Amanda, Mary's replacement, made some comment that made James and herself burst into laughter.

Not being in the mood to satisfy a woman, not that he ever really was, Danny pounded into Mary's pussy like his life depended on it and it wasn't long before he was on the verge of coming. He withdrew his member, stroked it a few times and aimed it like a hose at Mary's buttocks and pussy as she remained on the table, coating her in a pool of semen. He turned, did up his flies, winked at Susie and returned to the reception.

Feeling incredibly randy, Susie rushed back to the bar at the reception and pulled Flynn away from the conversation he was in. "Let's go and say goodnight to the newlyweds," she said, "I want you so badly right now. I hope you're still up to performing after all that drink you've had."

They sought out Jayne and Paul and thanked them for a wonderful day, wishing them a wonderful life together and bade them goodnight. Susie then forcibly tugged Flynn into their room, removed her dress and yanked his trousers down, whereupon she took his flaccid cock into her mouth and brought it to life. She pushed him backwards onto the bed, mounted him and pounded her pussy up and down his stiff pole until she came in a flood of juices.

After resting for about twenty minutes, Flynn took Susie into his arms and made love to her more passionately, caressing each and every part of her body, and filled her with his seed a further two times before they drifted off to sleep.

In the morning on their way to breakfast they passed Carmen who was making her way to Danny's car. Carmen paused as they went to go past and Susie stopped to speak with her, asking Flynn to go and save them a table. 

When they were alone, Carmen said to her, "Had a wild night with Holly and Molly last night but was wishing you were there to join in the fun as well. Have you lost my number? I was hoping for a call."
