 There comes a time in your life when you really begin to take a step back and look at what you've accomplished. For me this happened when I was 36 years old. My life had been going well. Much better now than it had begun. I had a good job and ran a computer security business on the side, which brought in a fair amount of money. I had a great family. My wife was 40 and still hot but unfortunately sex between us was nearly non-existent. I went one period for a year without it. I still feel young and have a strong sex drive, but she suffers from depression among other things and sex isn't usually on her mind. I have an 18-year-old stepdaughter named Casey. I've been with her since she was 4 and even though her biological father is active in her life, I still feel like she is my girl. A man can't help but notice when his daughter begins to transform into a woman. Casey had developed very firm breasts and her body had become curvaceous, soft and feminine, a far cry from the boyish figure she had growing up. The nice thing about having a daughter this age is the she will have friends! And Casey had a slew of some of the hottest friends I've ever seen. 

At 36 I still look young, work out a lot, eat right, practice martial arts, etc. I'm built better than most men half my age. Some of her friends flirted with me and this is normal for women this age. They're testing out their ability to turn men on whether they know it or not. My daughter had one friend in particular that I was enamored with. Her name was Amanda. She was older than Casey and at the time of this writing was just getting ready to turn 19. I had known her since she was 6. We are good friends with her parents. I can remember when she was a toothless, clumsy 7 year old. At this time though Amanda is a completely transformed girl. She is about 5' 6", maybe 135lbs, long dark hair, dark skin and absolutely drop dead gorgeous. She has a body that nearly all men wish they could lay their hands on just once. She is so hot in fact that no guys will ask her out for fear of rejection and fear that their friends will look at them differently.

Amanda comes to our house quite often and swims in the pool. I'm not afraid to admit that I have watched as she sunbathed from the privacy of my bedroom all the while jerking myself off and imagining that I was cumming on her instead of on myself. Amanda knew she did it for me too because from time to time she would spread her legs just enough that I could get a peak or raise up quickly when sunbathing so I would see a little nipple. She never did this with anyone else. Still at this time, I didn't think it was anything more than me just being a pervert and desperately wanting to feel great sex again since she was so young. But, like Casey, I felt as if I needed to be her father as well. Besides she confided in me and looked at me as her second dad. I just wish she weren't so good looking. Oh well, on with the story.

Both Casey and Amanda play volleyball on a competitive women's league and sometimes I go watch and drive them home afterward since they are usually very tired. One afternoon they played a game 50 miles from home and I went and watched the game. There probably aren't any hotter women than volleyball players. It was great. I went out to pull the car around before the game was over. I sat in the parking lot waiting for them to come out. It wasn't long before I saw Casey come out, sweaty from the game but bobbing around with her usual boundless energy. Amanda brought up the rear. She was still in her volleyball uniform and her shorts were so tight they hugged her like paint. Let's just say her camel toe was very prominent and her rock hard, dark, smooth legs were almost too much to bear.

"I have to drive 50 miles with this?" I thought to myself. "Man am I lucky tonight?"

Amanda looked kind of sad and distant though, not as energetic as Casey. Both girls entered the car.

"Hi Dad!" said Casey. "We kicked their ass today."

"Yes you did, baby. You guys did great!" I replied.

"Hi Amanda." I said as I turned around to look in the back seat.

"Hi Greg." She said. I could tell she wasn't really sad but there was something on her mind.

"Tough time in the game?"

"No, just feeling a little tired."

I could tell however there was something else bothering her. I was going to say something but then Casey jumped in. 

"Can we get something to eat?" She said.

"Sure, we'll stop on the way."

We stopped and had dinner about halfway home. I sat across from Amanda and I swear she was getting more beautiful by the day. She had taken a shower at the gym and had put on a little make up during the drive. I found this odd because I never had known her to wear any makeup, and her toenails were painted. I couldn't help but question her a little.

"Going out tonight?" I said.

"No."

"Why would you be putting on makeup?" I continued.

An almost indiscernible grin crossed her lips as she thought about what to say.

"I just bought some new stuff and wanted to see what it looked like. Do you like it?"

I couldn't believe she asked me this and I couldn't think of what to say at all. So I just put together a real quick sentence. 

"Yes, of course. You're a very cute girl and the makeup looks great on you." I fumbled a little. 

"Thanks." She said still grinning a little deviously now.

"Oh, Dad I want you to drop me off at home before you take Amanda home if you don't care. I need to get to sleep early tonight, I've got to go help with conditioning in the morning." Casey said. 

I looked at my watch and saw the time was already going on 7 and night was falling. It didn't even register to me at the time that I would be taking Amanda home alone and she lived 10 miles from us. Would I be able to control myself with her? I was pretty horny and looking at her wasn't helping. A dad's gotta do what a dad's gotta do though. We paid the check and left.

I had Casey to the house by 7:45. She leaned over and gave me a kiss and said good night. As she got out Amanda got out of the back seat and into the front. I had not expected this since she had never done this before even with others in the car, but then again I had never been alone with her. Casey darted up the walk and disappeared into the house. I caught myself looking hypnotically at Amanda's legs and where her smooth thigh disappeared under her tight spandex shorts.

"Greg." She said. "Are you ok?"

"Yes I'm fine, just tired I guess. We should get you home before your parents get worried."

"Don't worry about that." She said. "They're out of town."

"Oh, ok. I didn't know that." I said as we drove away.

"I hear you're moving out soon."

"Yes, and I can't wait. I'm getting my own apartment over by the gym. It's gonna be great."

"Well that's good." I said.

Amanda didn't seem quite as excited about this, as she should have been. When I got my first place I was ecstatic. There was still something on her mind. She was just a little distant and not the typical Amanda.

The first part of the drive was very quiet. Now and again I would look down to see Amanda pulling at her tight shorts or massaging her thighs and of course wishing I was the one doing that for her. After a few minutes she spoke.

"Greg, can I ask you something?" 

I knew something had been bothering her and now the dad in me began to kick in.

"Sure. Ask away."

"Well I'm not real sure how to put this." She continued and I could tell she was tearing up just a little.

"Is everything ok?" I said. 

"Yes, I'm fine, but I have this problem and I feel like I need to talk to a man about it because none of the girls can seem to answer me honestly and I feel like they are a little jealous of me and I don't know why."

I really wasn't sure where she was going with this but I gave her the go ahead to continue.

"You know you can always talk to me."

"I know and that's why I need to ask you this. Greg, why do you think that no guys will date me?"

"I'm not sure I understand. I thought you had a boyfriend."

"No I never really had one. I just told everyone that I did."

"Well Mandy I'm not sure. Sometimes it's just difficult for boys. You're a very beautiful young woman and that scares some guys."

"You mean they're afraid of me?"

"I mean they're afraid of rejection and they figure that you're just unreachable."

She looked at me for a minute.

"Greg, do you think I'm pretty?" She asked.

Now it was getting a little uncomfortable and I was having a very difficult time trying to figure out what to say.

"I think you're...hmm..great. I already said you're a very beautiful young woman."

"Why did you clear your throat?" she asked.

"I just had a tickle in there."

She was getting teary eyed again.

"Greg, I need you to tell me the truth. Do you think I'm pretty?" 

When she asked it this time it sounded more like a wife asking her husband if she was pretty and I realized that Amanda didn't want a parents answer to this question since a parent will always say yes. She wanted a man's answer. I decided to play along and poke at her just a little to see how far this would go.

"You know Mandy you're really putting me on the spot now. I already told you that I thought you were beautiful and now I'm having a real difficult time understanding why you would care what I think. I'm twice your age for Christ sake!"

I think this line of talk and my ploy worked because what she said next was just what I expected. 

"I know that men, whatever their age, are still able to tell if a girl is pretty even if they're afraid to admit it. And the age of the girl shouldn't really matter either, as long as they're legal and I am. So what if you're twice my age. You do have the eyes of a man, don't you? Now please tell me if you think I'm pretty."

She was becoming a little demanding. Something inside me just snapped and I blurted out what I had been thinking this entire time.

"Amanda, I think you're one of the fucking hottest girls I've ever seen in my whole life!" 

She snapped back just a little surprised at my cursing. Her mouth was a little open and she was at a loss for words so I filled in.

"I'm sorry about that. What I meant to say was that no guy in his right mind would ever tell you no but a guy goes for a sure thing and like I said before I can see why a guy would be a little scared about you rejecting him. It would be a huge blow to his ego. They consider you unreachable and way above them because you're smokin' hot. I can tell you this though if I were closer to your age I would have you and I can promise you that."

The look on her faced changed from one of surprise to one of unsteady playfulness.

"What would stop you from having me now?" She said softly.

I thought I was dreaming. I honestly thought I was off somewhere in la la land and any minute the alarm would go off and I would have to go to work. This little hottie that I had been jerking off to is now asking me what would stop me from dating her or fucking her? I had to direct my questions in the appropriate manner.

"What would stop me?" I said, acting surprised. "You're like my own daughter and don't you know that fucking your own daughter is illegal. Plus I still look at you as being 12 or 13 not the woman you've become."

She reached over, grabbed my hand and placed it on her upper thigh. 

"You're under arrest." She said. 

I took a sharp intake of breath and couldn't believe she had done that. I jerked my hand away. I was trying to resist.

"Don't do that Mandy. I'm serious. I could get into real trouble with my family, YOUR family, Jesus Christ! People would call me a pervert."

"I'm not talking about you being my boyfriend Greg. You're married. I'm talking about you having me. You said it yourself. If you were my age you would have me. In guy lingo doesn't the word 'had' or 'have' mean to fuck? You know, like the big jock at school says 'Yeah, I had her'. Do you ever think about what it might be like? Touching me, holding me, kissing me, fucking me."

She smiled now.

"Well yes having someone can mean having had sex with them but not always." I started to respond to the second part of her question but she cut me off.

"Oh, it does mean that." She said. "I'm not that stupid. Why would my age stop you? That's a real cop out. I'm 19 for God's sake, well almost. Besides if you ever did want me you could have me and no one would ever know about it as long as I didn't get pregnant because I'm not on the pill. I wouldn't ever tell anyone. It would be our little secret."

"You wouldn't get pregnant because I'm sterile. I had a vasectomy years ago."

"You didn't finish answering my question. Do you ever think about fucking me?"

"Honestly. Yes I have."

What the fuck was I saying. Moreover what was I letting her do? Basically at this point I'm fucking her tonight and I know it and she set it all up, not me. One minute we're barely talking and 5 minutes later she's hitting on me. We were turning in the driveway to her house and she said, "Vasectomy huh? Well if we did anything I guess I wouldn't have to be worried the whole time."

She looked into my eyes as we stopped the car. She reached into the back and grabbed her satchel. I put the car in reverse ready to tell her goodbye. She reached for the gearshift and put it in park, shut off the ignition and took the keys. At this point I knew I had her, but how was I going to explain my tardiness to Casey. My wife was working the late shift and wouldn't be home until 9 in the morning. Amanda looked at me. "Don't you want to stay?" She said. 

"Yes, but, I'm worried about Casey."

"Don't worry about her. The only reason she wanted you to take me home was so she could get Todd in the house. She's probably fucking him right now. She won't know anything."

We got out of the car and went into the house. She threw her bag down on the couch and walked over to me. I towered over her by several inches. She was so small compared to me. She reached out and touched my chest.

"I can't tell you how much I've wanted you. I've wanted you since I was too young and barely knew what sex was. I know you used to jerk off watching me in your pool. It turned me on. I always promised myself that when I was ready to lose my virginity it was going to be to you and I want you."

"You mean you've never had sex?" I said.

"Of course not."

"But all the sultry talk and everything. Where did you learn to talk like that?"

"You can learn anything from TV and the internet today. Now where do you want to start and how do we do this? I feel just a little awkward."

"That's OK. I can help with that."

At that point the coherent dialogue stopped. She still had her hand on my chest and I decided that now is the time for the kill even though I still thought I was dreaming. I reached down and took her cheek in my hand and pulled her to me. I began kissing her gently. She reciprocated but did so in a way that surprised me. She began very hungrily probing my mouth with her tongue. I pulled away and she was panting. I told her to slow down just a bit. I mean my cock was already rock hard and I didn't want this to go too quickly. 

We kissed passionately and deeply for a very long time. She ran her hands through my hair and I did likewise. We soon moved to the daybed in the den. I picked her up. She was so small and light. I sat her on the bed with her gorgeous legs hanging over the side. I slipped my shirt off and knelt down between her legs facing her. I moved in close and she touched my chest and began to caress my nipples and run her fingers through the fine hair on my chest. She reached out with her bare feet and grabbed me just above my ass and pulled me closer. I felt her velvety smooth calves on my hips. We kissed again and she started kissing down the length of my chest. This time I could tell she was a little inexperienced but I didn't care. I could show her how to do it. She kissed and licked my nipples.

My cock was hard as granite and was throbbing. She was really turning me on. I pulled her head away from my chest and slipped off her tank top. I began gently nibbling on her neck. I ran my hand up her beautiful thigh and felt her skin erupt in goose bumps as I lapped at her neck. She was breathing harder and faster and was moaning softly while digging her nails into my back. I reached back and in one motion unsnapped and removed her bra. Her tits were perfect. They were just hand sized and very firm and her dark nipples stood long and erect. I made my way there as she watched intently to see what I would do.

I went for her left nipple like a hungry baby, biting and sucking with all my might. She gasped and moaned and bucked her hips in reaction to this. I made my way to her other tit and paid it some attention. She began to grind her pussy against me and I could feel how wet she was through her shorts. She pushed my head down her body. I kissed her tight flat belly and tongued her navel. At last I arrived at her crotch. I know she could feel my hot breath on her love box and she let out a sigh. Her tight volleyball shorts were soaked and I slid my hands just under the waistband and pulled them down slowly. She held her legs together as I slid the shorts over her feet. She didn't have any underwear on and I looked up at a very neatly trimmed dark bush. She started to spread her legs a little but I stopped her because I wanted to be in control of this one.

I kissed and licked each one of her legs from her feet all the way to her knees as she softly grunted in anticipation. Then I put my hands on her knees and eased her legs apart and paid the same attention to her thighs. I moved my way up her left inner thigh to the point where her leg joined her body. I moved over and looked at the most beautiful pussy I've ever seen. It was dripping wet and I was hungry for a drink. Her inner lips were very small but her clit was swollen and prominent.

"Do it." She said panting. "Please eat me."

I began in long licks starting at her little puckered asshole and moving all the way up to her clit. She shivered and moaned in delight at what I was doing. I settled in on her quite large clit and nibbled at it gently. At first she gasped and pulled away. I went at it again with less pressure. This time she ground her crotch against my face as I tried to get a finger in her. Her hymen was in fact intact and even getting a finger in her tight little box was hard but I got it. Soon she began shaking and moaning loudly. I could tell from experience she was about to come. I licked at her even harder.

"Just let it come baby." I said.

With that her entire body convulsed and she gasped and came all over my face and mouth. She moaned loudly and was short of breath. Hot liquid oozed from her honeypot as I continued to lick. She moaned in a way I haven't heard in a long time. This was a good indication that what I was doing was actually doing something for this girl. That's more than what I'm used to. Her young pussy tasted so good. I stopped and she sat up.

"I want to see your dick." She said.

I stood up. I had already removed my shirt and sandals. The only thing on was my shorts. My cock was about to burst out of them as I stood up in front of her. She looked kind of scared when she saw my still hidden erection but she pulled my shorts off quickly. She looked like a little girl who had just seen her first puppy dog. My cock was jutting out just in front of her face a few inches from her nose. I still didn't know how I was going to fit my manhood in her tight little hole but I would worry about that later. 

She reached her hand out grabbed my cock at the base. Her hand barely fit around it and she could have easily gotten 2 hands on the shaft. She began stroking it, looking up at me. It was a sure bet she had never touched a cock and I showed her how to do it. After a few strokes she moved her mouth closer to the head. She stopped stroking and put the head of my cock to her lips. I was oozing precum but she didn't seem to mind. She opened her mouth and gently put just the head inside her mouth. She began sucking like a baby but she needed some practice. I told her to wait and we would work on this later. Right now I wanted to fuck her. She agreed. 
