 This story really starts with The Problem Chapter 1. I hope you like the way this story is going. I haven't written any stories since I left college a long time ago. Helpful criticism will be appreciated.

*

How am I going to get to my car with my pants tenting out? I loosen my belt and pull my pants down on my hips a little until my dick is behind my belt and tighten it up again. It doesn't look very good, but what the hell, kids nowadays wear their pants with the belt at their knees now. I was a little self-conscious heading to my car, but fortunately I didn't meet anyone before I got there.

Driving home was interesting, when I was sitting in my car, every bump I went over, and my belt was rubbing my dick. I'm going to have to be careful or I'm going to have my belt jack me off before I get home. I finally made it without cumming in my pants. I walk in the door and yell, "Megan, I'm home." Then I remember it's Wednesday, she's at work. Well, that's good, now I can get cleaned up before she gets home. I can just imagine what would happen if she smelled Samantha all over me and my dick.

I head up stairs to the bathroom, turn on the water, take my clothes off and throw them in the hamper. Getting in the shower, I slam my dick on the edge of the shower door. "Damn, if that doesn't make it go down, nothing will. That hurts, a lot." I grab my dick and twist it over to inspect for damage. Only a red line on the side, but it didn't bring it down any. I start to shower and soap myself up good, being very careful of my sore cock. I lather it up good and it feels so good that I start to stroke it gently. Ah, that makes it feel better, but the head is a little tender from all the use it had at the doctor's office. I decide to stop and wait till Megan gets home. I rinse off, get out and dry off.

I can't believe I had so much stamina today. Usually I don't have much stamina, but I guess the medication the doctor gave me helps in that arena too. Being a little sleepy, which most men get after sex, I lie down on the bed and decide to take a nap and get charged up for her surprise. I roll over onto my stomach, which is the way I usually sleep and land right on my hard dick. Oww, I guess I can't sleep like that, so I curl up on my side and drift off. In my sleep, I must have rolled onto my back. Because after a while I hear a car in the driveway and it wakes me up and I'm laying there in all my glory with my dick sticking up from my loins. I'm thinking I'll just lay here and pretend to sleep and see what Megan's reaction is when she comes in and see's my surprise for her.

I hear something on the stairs and close my eyes until I'm just looking out of a slit so it looks like I'm asleep. The door opens quietly, and I'm thinking, "that's not like Megan, she would just come busting in here." There stands my 28-year-old daughter with one of her friends. 

"Oh my God." I hear her friend exclaim quietly. "Would you look at the size of that?" My daughter quickly closes the door, and I hear them both giggling. I can just hear my daughter say, "I didn't know he was hiding something that big in his trousers." As they go down stairs.

Well, let me fill you in a little. My daughter, Jewelea, is a good-looking woman. She's 5'5" with long red hair and freckles. She doesn't have a body that would be in Playboy, but she is put together well. I've seen her bras in the laundry, so I know she has 36C cup tits, and she looks great in a bikini. I've never thought about her sexually before, but she is real nice to have around. With a cute face, nice body and a great personality, I don't know why she never got married. Maybe she's waiting for a rich one to come along. She's had lots of boyfriends, because I had to throw some out when they were being ungentlemanly with their attitude around her. She got mad at me some times for that, but she always loved me for it afterward. She was living on the other side of the city, closer to her work as a Graphic designer, and only came over maybe twice a month. That's why I wasn't expecting her. 

I didn't get a good look at her friend, but she didn't look bad. I got a glimpse of blond hair over Jewelea's shoulder before the door closed. Now I'm in a pickle. Do I just lay here and wait? Or do I get dressed and go down stairs to greet them? I decided that the least embarrassing thing to do would be to just pretend that I was asleep and didn't' see them. 

I'm lying there for a little while, just wondering what to do, when I hear another car in the driveway. It must be Megan this time. Maybe I'll get to surprise her anyway. I hear Megan talking to Jewellea and her friend and hear Jewellea tell Megan to go up stairs and get something comfortable on. Megan then says, "Didn't I see your father's car out there?" Jewelea responds, "I haven't seen him since I came in. Maybe he's taking a nap."

I hear footsteps on the stairs and coming toward the bedroom. The door opens and she exclaims, "Stanley what is that?" Well, I couldn't pretend to be asleep now, so I opened my eyes like I was just waking up and smiled. "This is what I got at the doctors office for you. Isn't it great?"

"Jewelea and her friend are downstairs, how would it look if they had come in here and seen you like that?" 

Isn't that just like a woman, she complains that I can't get a hardon, then when I have one she complains that I have one? "Well I guess they would have seen your surprise before you then wouldn't they? Come over so we can do something about it. Then I can go see the girls without embarrassing you."

"But the girls are downstairs and they will hear us."

"It won't be something Jewelea hasn't heard before. Come here."

She looks at me, then at my big hard dick sticking up, and then starts to take off her clothes. "Well maybe a quickie then. We do have to get that thing down so you will be more presentable to meet her friend."

When she gets down to only her panties, she climbs on the bed and looks at my cock and reaches for it. "Can I suck it a little?"

I respond by crooking my finger at her. She leans forward until she has my dick against her cheek, and then rubs it all over her face. Sticking out her tongue, she licks from my balls up to the crown then engulfs the whole thing. She then leans back and says, "let me take my teeth out so I can do a good job and not hurt it. We don't want to take any chances and I know you like it with my teeth out. She hurries to the bathroom and I hear water running then the toilet flushing and back she comes. She jumps on the bed, grabs my cock and stuff's the whole thing in her mouth as far as she can. "What's happened, I used to be able to get the whole thing in my mouth at once."

"I guess that's one of the side effects of the medicine the doctor gave me." I say, "but I'll tell you all about it when we are done." I had no intention of telling her about Samantha and the test she administered or what we did together. Maybe I can just do the same to her and please her that way.

She sucked and licked my cock 20 ways from Sunday. She was even licking and sucking my balls. She's never done that before, maybe we can try some new things now that I have the problem licked. Now let me tell you guys, if you haven't had a blowjob from a woman without teeth, you have missed the best there is to be had. My wife is a great little cocksucker, and she likes doing it, but with the added dimension of no teeth to hurt, she can really go to town. She was really moving up and down now. I guess she was trying to get me off as fast as possible so we could go down stairs. I'm groaning, and thrusting and getting very close to cumming with her talented tongue work. Finally I grunt, "I'm cumming." And start shooting. She's not ready for what I have to offer. I grab her head and hold her there as I shoot and shoot, she's swallowing as fast as she can, but there's too much and it's rolling down her chin as I continue to shoot. Finally after 10 blasts, I stop and she looks up at me and says, "I've never seen that much spunk come out of you in a year."

She then looks at me in a quizzical way then looks at my rock hard dick, and say "Hey, why didn't it go down? Did I do something wrong?" She asked.

"Well, the doctor said it should go down within 24 hours, so we have to use it while we can. Why don't you lay down here and I can take care of you too?" She looked at me with a gleam in her eye and flopped down beside me as her answer.

I got between her legs and pulled her panties off. Then leaned forward so I could taste her juices. I licked her lips lightly, and then I spread the lips with my fingers so I could get in closer and found that she was already dripping. I asked her, "did you sucking me get you that turned on?"

She responded, "I've never seen you so hard and big, and it really turned me on. Now get back to eating me." I proceeded to dive in. I licked up and down her inner and outer lips nibbling on them and sticking my tongue in her hole. Then I put my arms under her knees and lifted her legs so I could lick down to her ass hole and back up to over her clit. Back and forth and side to side, I kept changing my strategy. She was really wiggling now and starting to breathe in short gasps. I reached my fingers up and slid her clitoral hood back to expose the little tip of her clit and licked it gently. She gasped loudly and reached down and grabbed my hair so I couldn't get away without finishing. I kept licking her clit and her hips were coming off the bed, so I figured I would administer the Coup de Gras, and took her clit between my lips and started humming Yankee Doodle. That's the only toon I could think of at the time, but it worked. She screamed and jammed my face into her crotch like she was trying to permanently attach me there. I just kept humming until she came down and released my head so I could breathe again. Then she said, "That was fantastic, you're going to do that again, Soon. Now stick that big thing in me. NOW." She was always a little demanding when she wanted her way, but I was ready to comply anyway.

I leaned up and kissed her passionately, reached down to grab my cock, lined it up with her heavenly entrance, and shoved it in to the hilt. She screamed again and flopped back like she was dead. I got scared. Did I kill her? I didn't think I was that big. "Megan, are you OK?" 

Her eyes fluttered open, and said, "That felt so good, you sticking that in so hard, I passed out for a minute. Now what are you waiting for? Fuck me." Well, that's what I was here for, so I started to pump.

I'm varying my rhythm, slow then fast, going in circles, and she's going crazy. Humping back at me for all she's worth. I've never seen her like this, bouncing up and down on the bed and all I hear is hah hah hah hah She sure didn't look like she was laughing, but she was enjoying it just as much as I was. She was getting louder and louder the more I pumped, so I pumped faster and harder. Finally she goes into this one long ahhhhhhhhhhhhh. She's finally cumming, I'm getting close now so I shove it in as far as I can and I feel the muscles start to contract. She's still going Ahhhhhhhhh as I start to squirt into her. 

My grunts are almost over powering her Ahhhhh's and I can't stop now even if the house blew up. Finally I'm empty, just little tremor left and I can still feel her vagina contracting around my penis. My arms won't hold me up any more and I collapse on her. I look at her and she is just sighing. 

"That's the biggest and longest climax I've ever had, "she said. I rolled to her side and we just lay there for a few minutes until she said I almost forgot Jewelea and her friend downstairs. I wonder what they think we are doing for this long."

"I've got to go down and talk to them. We've been very impolite ignoring them like this." She said.

"What do you think we should have done? Invited them in to participate?" That's when she slapped me on the belly hard.

"You smart ass. God, that thing is still hard. You're going to have to do something about that if you're going to meet her friend. I'm getting dressed." Megan said.

She got up and just threw a pair of panties on and a house dress and rushed out the door and down the stairs. What was I going to do with this mad, hard, one-eyed trouser snake? Ah ha, I've got an idea. I start searching in my drawers. I know it's in here somewhere. Yup, just where I thought. My back brace. You know one of those wide elastic bands that you put around your stomach and back to keep from hurting your back when you are lifting heavy objects. Now if I can just put it around my hips it might hold my hard cock against my belly, and wear a pair of baggy pants and a long shirt I should be OK. I slip on my jockeys, find my baggiest pants and a long Hawaiian shirt and button it up. That doesn't look too bad. Well, an orange print shirt with bright blue pants kind of clashes, but what the hell, I'm at least presentable enough to go down stairs.

Opening the bedroom door, I hear female voices in the kitchen so I guess I'll make a grand entrance. Down the stairs I go, trying to adjust my cock so it will be more comfortable, which is difficult with it being so hard. I peek around the door to the kitchen. There is Megan facing the door, Jewelea to her left and this gorgeous blond head with her back to me. Megan looks up at me and I stand up straight so she can see the cover-up job. She gives me a little smile and says "Sit down honey and meet Deanza, Jewelea's new room mate. 

I sit down across from Jewelea and stick my hand out to shake Deanza's hand and stop and stare. Deanza's is beautiful. She's got beautiful bright green eyes and long lashes, and a face that would make an angel jealous. Long blond hair half way down her arms, but it sure doesn't cover her most prominent feature. Her most prominent feature are her boobs. Beautiful perfectly formed sticking out like they were defying gravity. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra because her nipples were poking through her blouse and looked very hard. I would guess they were at least a DD cup. I'm thinking to myself. I'll bet she got excited looking at me, I'm going to have to get my hands on those puppies some day.

"Don't be so rude asshole. Shake her hand and quit ogling her. My wife said. So I sat down and shook her hand, licked the drool off my chin and smiled.

We sit and chat for a while and I find out Deanza is a very intelligent girl "I can imagine some men have a hard time finding out just how smart you without getting distracted by your looks, don't they?"

"Why yes, most men do have a hard time looking at my face and talking to me. Most of them are just staring at my tits the whole time I'm trying to have a conversation with them. It can be a pain in the ass some time, but it can be real comical too. Watching them try to recover from being caught. Some times I just like to bait them by wearing low cut blouses. But they do come in handy some times." She then picks up her can of coke and sticks it between then. "They make a handy cup holder." We all laughed like hyenas till the tears ran down our cheeks.

Jewelea suddenly stands up and announces, "Deanza and I are going shopping for some stuff. You want to come with us mom?"

Megan looks at me, winks and said, "I've got something to take care of here before I can go anywhere, but thanks. You girls have fun. Are you coming back here after your shopping trip?"

"Well, if you're not coming with us, We'll head straight home after shopping. I'll see you next week then."

Deanza and Jewlea head for the door and yell back, "see you later."

Megan comes around the table and pulls up my shirt so she can see how I was covered up. Reaching down, she rubs my dick and feels how hard it still is and says, "Lets go upstairs and take care of that big thing again."

I reach up and pinch her nipple and say, "there's nobody here but us horny chickens, lets do it right here." I slide my chair back and pull her ass down on my lap. "That feels good." She said. I than stand her up and stand up behind her. My fingers slide down her arms until I get to her dress. Gathering her dress slowly in my fingers I start to pull her dress up as I start to kiss and bite the back of her neck. Now the back of her neck is very sensitive and she starts to squirm against me and lifts her arms straight up so I can take her dress off. When I get the dress up over her head and her arms are trapped, I stop and hold it like that so she can't do anything. I then reach around with my other hand and start to fondle her breasts. I pinch her right nipple and roll it around in my fingers for a while then cup her breast and run my finger under it.

Then I start on the other one and give it the same attention. Megan is moaning the whole time. I then reach down and start pushing her panties down until I get them below her ass. My fingers work down until I can cup her ass cheek, I squeeze it and run my finger down the crack pushing so my finger slides against her anus and wiggle it there a little. Megan is pushing against my finger so I push a little harder, but I don't want to go in there yet, I don't have any lube here and I don't want to hurt her and ruin the chance on going in the back door later.

My finger continues past her anus to her pussy. Wow, she's dripping wet. Then I remember I deposited a big load in there about an hour ago. "Are you still turned on?" I hear a muffled uh huh. I stick my finger in as far as I can and wiggle it about. She's pushing against my finger and squeezing my fingers with her muscles. 

I take my hand away and Megan says, "don't stop."

I unbuckle my pants and let them fall. Push my jockeys down past my dick and pull the Velcro fastener loose and drop the elastic belt. Backing up until I feel the chair against my knees and I sit down. Pulling Megan with me, I push her panties down further so she can get one of her legs out of them and pull her down until she is against my dick. She spreads her legs and rubs her pussy over the head of my rock hard pole until she gets it in the right position and flops down hard all the way on my dick. Her ass cheeks slap against my thighs. "Oh God, that feels fantastic." She screams. She just sits there for about 30 seconds, and then she leans forward with her hands on my knees and starts to bounce on my shaft.

I reach around and take a breast in each hand and squeeze. She loves me to squeeze hard and twist her nipples, so that's what I start to do. She humps harder on my cock and says, "harder, harder, squeeze harder." So what could I do but I take her nipples in my fingers, and pull them as hard as I can and twist like I'm trying to turn them into pretzels and she screams "I'm cumming." That's a good start I think as she slows down until she just sitting still again. So I stand up with her still attached to my turgid member and bend her over the table for a change of pace and start all over again jamming my cock as deep and hard as I can as deep as I can into her pussy. The sounds are juicy and sloppy, it sounds great and turns me on more as I keep pumping. 

Megan's grunting each time I hit bottom then she reaches both hands back and grabs her ass cheeks and pulls them wide apart. That looks like an invitation to me. 

I take my index finger and slowly start at the back of her neck and trace down her backbone while I keep pumping furiously in to her sloppy pussy. All the way to the top of her cheeks then slowly down between the cheeks and slowly across her cute brown hole which makes her squeal and wiggle back harder on my cock. Since she's so wet and my cock is stirring more juice all the time, I take my finger and get it real wet with her juice and place it right on her anus and start to rub and press in. I can tell she loves it the way she is pushing back against my finger and me.
