 It was Jenny's birthday and she was hosting a gathering at her house for family and friends. Susie and Flynn were among the first to arrive as Susie had agreed to help Jenny with the preparation. She busied herself in the kitchen getting all the nibbles ready, bunging things in the oven and generally making sure that everything would run smoothly.

At around 2 p.m. pretty much everyone had arrived and the "party" was in full swing; the music was blaring out of the speakers, drinks were flowing, and the food was set out on the table in the kitchen should anyone feel peckish. Flynn was deep in conversation with Paul and Seb about the latest Formula 1 race, which Susie found about as interesting as watching paint dry. She made her way over to Jayne and asked how she was enjoying married life. Just as Jayne had started to chat, Susie's phone informed her of an incoming message. She had been expecting this, "Meet me at the South entrance to the park - 20 minutes."

Susie excused herself from Jayne, saying she was going for a walk as she needed some fresh air. She entered the downstairs toilet where she removed her knickers, placed them in her handbag and left this inside the hallway as she exited the front door.

On arriving at the entrance to the park she could see Danny sitting on a bench. As she approached he arose from the seat, took her arm and walked her towards a nearby copse. As they entered the trees Danny moved his arm around Susie and began feeling her arse. "You know, I don't think I've ever met a woman with such a nice arse as yours," he said, adding, "And I've had over a hundred women in my time."

When they were partly into the woods, but not so far that they couldn't be seen from the nearby open grassland, Danny pulled up Susie's skirt. "No knickers!" he exclaimed, "you know our arrangement."

"Sometimes I like to go commando," responded Susie, "It's not like you gave me advance notice that I would be seeing you today."

Danny grunted, clearly unhappy. He pushed Susie up against the nearest tree, spun her around and hitched up her short skirt. Susie heard the familiar sound of a zip being undone and felt the heat from Danny's cock on her right buttock. 

"As a punishment you are going to take it up the arse again," said Danny, "and this time there is no Carmen to help you get through it."

With that he parted Susie's legs, pulled apart her arse cheeks and pressed his cock up against the tight entry to her rear passage. He wasn't worried about how much pain Susie was to experience, he wanted to punish her for being commando while enjoying himself in her tight arse at the same time. He thrust into her and forced his way into the tiny hole, making Susie gasp. She bit her lip; she was determined not to cry as she was sure that was what Danny wanted. She hugged the tree tightly, trying to seek some solace from its gnarled bark as Danny began pounding her arse.

He slowed his pace and moved his hands to her breasts which were covered by a soft silk blouse. Running his hands over them, he located the nipples and pinched and tugged on them increasing the pain Susie was suffering, causing Susie to grunt.

A dog had wandered over to where they were and was trying to get between them, wagging its tail. 

"Sod off, stupid animal," said Danny as the dog interrupted his movement.

"Here Blackeye," came a woman's voice, as the embarrassed owner tried to get the dog to return without having to visit the scene herself. Susie recognised the dog's name as that belonging to her mum's neighbour and hoped the woman hadn't recognised her; she kept her face towards the tree so that the woman couldn't see her in profile.

With the dog having dutifully returned to its mistress, Danny continued with his pumping of Susie's arse, giving it an occasional smack to make it nice and red. He put his love of domination of women down to the bullying he had endured from the "popular" girls at school; if he ever met any of them again he would make sure they were sorry.

His hands now had firm grasps on each of Susie's tits and he was moulding them as he pumped her rear, "Oh Susie love," he said, "you're enjoying this as much as me, aren't you?"

"Get stuffed Danny. Just come and let me get back to my mum's"

"Now, now Susie, you know I don't like it when you rush me," he replied, slowing down his movements as if to emphasise that the timing of his orgasm was entirely of his choosing.

"Fine," said Susie, "but if you take too long I'm gonna be missed."

Danny resumed his regular pumping and had moved his hands to Susie's buttocks, which he proceeded to squeeze. The lovely soft, smooth skin felt heavenly in his hands and he closed his eyes as he finally came in Susie's gorgeous rear.

"Stay there for a moment, Susie," he said as he took his phone from his pocket. "Now reach around and pull your bum cheeks apart for me. That's it. Now turn your face and smile for the camera," as he took several photos of Susie with his cum dribbling from her anus.

"Okay, off you pop," he said as he replaced his cock into his trousers and walked away.

Susie returned to her mum's house, slipped back into the downstairs toilet, cleaned herself up and replaced her knickers. She then returned to the party as if nothing had happened and spent the day celebrating with her mother.

Two months had passed, and it was Christmas Eve; Danny received a message on his phone from Susie, "Old Market Car Park, tonight 10 p.m."

Danny sent a reply, "Missing me eh? This one won't count as part of your payment."

As he drove into the deserted car park Danny spotted a car at the far end with its headlights on. Someone, he assumed Susie, was leaning against the bonnet of the car. He drove up and parked opposite it, getting out of the car, thinking "This reminds me of those old gangster films I used to watch."

"Hi Susie," he said, "you want to do it here or on your back seat?"

While he was speaking, Susie made a gesture with her hand and the passenger door to her car opened. Out stepped a young male, early twenties, Danny guessed. "Hey," said Danny, "I'm only into threesomes when two chicks are involved."

"Danny, meet Scratch," said Susie, "It appears that you're not the only professional who will work for payment in kind."

"What the fuck.." started Danny.

"Only Scratch here is happy to meet when I say so and where I say. So much nicer than our little arrangement don't you think? And he's got a much nicer body as well."

"What has this got to do with me?" asked Danny somewhat nervously.

"Oh sorry, I didn't explain, did I? Scratch is a hitman. I've taken out what I think they call a contract on you," at this Susie smiled.

Danny went to get back to his car but Scratch stopped him.

Turning to Scratch, Susie said "Cock and balls, tomorrow 10.30 a.m. sharp. Oh, and lose his phone."

Scratch nodded and kept hold of Danny's arms as Susie got in her car to drive off. As she drove past Danny she said, "I wish I could say it's been nice knowing you, but you know I'd be lying."

In Flynn and Susie's place at 10 a.m. on Christmas morning the family had gathered to go to Church for the Christmas Service; Susie was staying behind to "finish the vegetables" and to keep an eye on the dinner that was cooking. As she closed the door on the last of them to leave, Susie breathed a sigh of relief. Flynn had almost been insistent on staying behind to keep her company and she had to persuade him that he should go to represent the pair of them at Church. She checked her watch, 10:10 - only twenty minutes to go.

She returned to the kitchen but was too anxious to actually do anything. Had she made the right choice? It was too late now; the deed had either been done or it hadn't. She would find out very shortly. She sat at the kitchen table and drummed her fingers on a place mat trying to recite the books of the bible in her head to distract her from watching the clock.

Eventually there was a ring at the door. She went to answer it and, upon opening the door, found no-one there. Looking down at the doorstep, there was a small parcel wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper; as she picked it up she felt a stickiness on her fingers which, she realised, was blood. Susie smiled, walked into the living room and threw the package onto the open fire which sizzled warmly upon receiving it.

Back at work on 2nd January, Susie looked at the new article she was preparing; "Local doctor found butchered" the headline read. She had attended the police press conference who had stated that they had little to go on and that their investigations were continuing.

Susie picked up the phone and dialled. When it was answered she said, "Hello Carmen love, I understand that you're on the hunt for a new job. We've got a vacancy here for a receptionist/ telephonist if you're interested and I can put in a good word for you."