 This is the third installment of this story. I appreciate all the feedback I have received. I hope to hear from more of you, and vote please and I will continue the story line. Don't forget to leave a comment for me, I enjoy reading your opinions. To fully enjoy the story, read chapter 1 and 2 first.

*

When I awoke the next morning, The first thing I noticed was an insistent buzzing in my ear. "Damn alarm clock." I mumble, then roll over and reach for the alarm and notice the second thing. Megan was gone, and my hardon hurts when I roll on it. I roll back over and sit up on the side of the bed to reach the alarm and shut it off. I then notice that there is brown on my dick and remember the wonderful fulfillment of my fantasy of my first anal sex with Megan. 

Well, it's morning again and I got to go to the old grind again. Don't get me wrong, I like most of my job. I repair copiers and office equipment at the customer's location. I like being out and about all the time, meeting different people every day and seeing all the good-looking women that work in the offices. The thing I don't like is when I have to get my hands black with the copier ink. It's worth it with the benefits. 

I'm not really a morning person, I have to have coffee and more coffee before I'm ready to face the world. Maybe a shower will help. Stumbling toward the bathroom with my eyes mostly closed, I run into the door to the bathroom dick first. I immediately reached for my dick and looked down and promptly hit my head on the door. Staggering backward, my knees hit the bed and I sat back down on it. Oww, this day isn't starting well. 

Well, that woke me up, but I still needed a shower. So I went in and did my 4 S routine. Shit, shave, shower and shampoo. Now I feel a little better, just coffee and I'll be ready. Going down stairs with just my shorts on I headed to the kitchen. Megan usually left the coffee on when she went to work, so I could have it when I came down. On the coffeepot was a piece of paper. "Out of coffee, please stop for some before you come home." "SHIT, that's all I need."

Needing coffee desperately, I hurry up stairs and get dressed. Then I realize I can't go to work with my pants tenting out over my hardon. Maybe I should call in sick today. I'm already dressed, I can put my back brace on again to hide my hardon. I need coffee so I'm going in. I'll stop at the convince store for my coffee. Well if I keep my jacket on, my hardon won't show much. Just a big lump under my coat.

Hopping into the car, I head to the corner convenience store. Good, it's not too busy. I fill up my cup and head to the counter. I have to unbutton my jacket to pay the girl, and I notice that the girl at the counter is staring at my crotch. I look down and there it is sticking straight out tenting my pants. "OOPS, I'm going to have to cover that up." I said looking at her. 

She licks her lips and responds, "I get off at 4 this afternoon if you need help with that."

She's cute and her name is Mary, but she's a whole lot younger than me. "Maybe some other time gorgeous, I'm busy tonight." I come in here all the time, so I said, "Let me get your phone number and I can call you when I'm free. How's that?"

"That will be fine, but don't forget to call me if you have that problem again. I have lots of ways to take care of it." She said smirking.

"Sounds like fun to me." She wrote her number and name on a piece of paper and handed it to me. "I'll call you soon, Mary."

I went to the pay phone to get my service calls for the day. My first call is at Jones & Jones attorneys. I like that place, there are lots of good looking women there, and one in particular. Her name is Jenene the office manager. We flirt a lot every time I have to go there. It takes me about 10 minutes and I find a parking space easily. 

I get out of the car and adjust my back belt so my hardon is held against my belly. It's tight and very uncomfortable, but it's the only way I can be seen in public without raising eyebrows. I grab by briefcase full of tools and head up the stairs. 

'Hi Ann, is Jenene in?' I ask the receptionist. Fortunately her counter was above my waist so she couldn't see the lump in my pants.

"Oh hi Stan, she's in her office and cussing at the copier again." Ann replied.

I head down the hall to Jenene's office, knock on her door and look through the window on the side of the door. Jenene looks up and waves me in. I open the door and start singing. "Here he comes to save the day, Mighty Mouse is on his way."

Jenene laughs, and says, "How come you can always make bad things seem better when you come in here?"

"That's what I'm good at. What's your major problem today beautiful?" I answer.

"It's my damn copier again, I've got a deposition to copy for court at 10 this morning and the copier is only putting out blank sheets. If you can fix it quick, I may be forced to kiss your feet." she said chuckling.

"My shoes are a little dirty, but I can think of something else I'd rather have you kiss. But your husband may frown on you kissing my ring." I say.

She throws a pencil at me and says, "Smart ass. I know what you want me to kiss. But first please, please fix my copier. I'll do almost anything."

"I noticed you said almost anything, what wouldn't you do? Or don't you want to tell me?" I said.

"Smart ass, just fix the copier for me, then we can talk later." She said.

"Well if you're going to be rude about it, I guess I'll have to go to work. I'll be buried in the closet with the copier if you want me. If I'm not out in 10 minutes, come rescue me from the evil clutches of the copier monster. TA TA for now." I turn and head to the closet where they keep all the paper and the copier.

It's a relatively simple problem, it just takes some time to get to it. I have to take the cover off the lower section and stick my head inside. This problem is usually just a loose wire. A real pain in the ass to get to for a 2-minute repair. I have to lay on my back with my head and shoulders in the machine to get to the wire that's loose. Of course, they wouldn't design these things so they could be easily worked on. I hear the door open and someone gasps quietly. The door lock clicks.

I hear, "you look like you've got a problem there." It's a soft and sultry voice.

"I'll be done in here in a minute, then I'll be out of this hole." I reply

"Do you need any help with your problem? I'd be glad to help you out." The voice says.

I look out the door toward my waist and notice my pants tenting out again. I guess the belt slipped again. Suddenly I feel a hand grab my dick. I don't know about you, but I'm not used to women grabbing my dick while I'm working on equipment. I try to sit up quickly. If you remember, I have my head and shoulders inside the machine, so as I try to sit up, I hit my head on the machine almost knocking me out. "Are you all right?" I hear.

"Ugh, Yes, I'm all right, just a little bump on the old noggin." I grunt.

"You've got a nice hard lump out here too. Let me do something about it." I feel my zipper being pulled down and my cock being released. Whoever it is out there, I like her forward manner. I feel a hand encircle my cock, and she pumps it a little, then I feel lips descend over my manhood. She's licking my dick up and down like a lollipop and twisting her hands around. Damn, she's a great cocksucker, I can feel my balls starting to boil. I guess she can tell too, because she stops her sweet talented ministrations to my hardon. I hear her say, "It's wet enough now. We've got to hurry, and I'm so horny."

I can tell she is standing up, soon I see a pair of panties fall to the floor and she steps out of them. Soon she's straddling my body and squats down, I see this beautiful shaved pussy lower down and then she grabs my fuckstick and rubs it back and forth on her pussy lips and sits down hard on it. "Damn, that's a nice cock you've got there mister. It's filling me up so good." She's bouncing up and down on my dick, and I can't even touch her with my hands and arms inside the machine. I feel my balls starting to boil again, and she's grunting everytime she lowers herself hard onto my cock. "Oh shit, I'm cumming." She says softly. I feel wetness suddenly cover my groin area and she sigh's and stops moving. I'm trying to pump my cock into her pussy so I can get off too. She suddenly stands up picks up her panties and stuffs them in my pocket and says "You can keep these to remember my by." She then takes my cock and pushes it up against my belly and zips up my pants. "I hope to have the pleasure of seeing your cock again some time." She says. Then the door opens and closes behind her.

Wow, I have just been royally fucked and sucked by a woman and I have no idea what she looks like. I don't even know what color hair she has. All I know is that she has a tan skirt on. I'm lying there with my blue balls and a hardon that won't quit and I hear the door open again. 

"Stan, are you done yet?" I hear Jenene ask.

"Almost Jenene. Just another second here and I'll be out." I reply. I quickly hook up the wire and start to wiggle myself out. Then I hear her say, "What's this sticking up here?" She flicks my throbbing dick with her finger. 

"Actually, I've got a banana in my pocket." I chuckle. "No actually I'm just glad to see you. Can't you tell?"

"I'm flattered." She says, "but I've got to get that deposition copied. Why don't you go in my office and have a cup of coffee. I'll be there in 15 minutes. Don't go anywhere. I don't want the girls in the office getting excited because there's a hard dick running loose around here that needs attention. That thing won't go down by then will it?"

"I'm sure it will stay up in anticipation of your return. I need another cup of coffee anyway. I'll be waiting for you in there." I say, then I lean forward and capture her lips with mine. She responds back with her lips and starts to reach around my neck. I back away and say, "Nope, you have to wait for more till you're done with your copying." I grab up my tools, close the copier and head to the door. I turn, wink, blow her a kiss and leave. 

The last thing I see is Jenene standing by the copier looking at me with her mouth open. In Jenene's office, She has a coffeepot on the sideboard with a full pot just waiting for me. Black is how I drink it, so I just grab one of the coffee cups on the counter and pour a half of a cup and sit down on the couch she has there. I'm just sitting there relaxing when Jenene comes in briskly, walks over to her desk and calls the receptionist. "I'm going to be on an important call for a while. Don't let anybody bother me for anything." Then she hangs up the phone and goes to the window by her door and closes the curtain. She turns toward me with her hands on her hips and says, "I had one of the secretaries do the copying and told her what to do with it when she was done. I see it's still up there waiting for me." She walks toward me and starts to unbutton her blouse.

I smile at her and unzip my pants and release my dick from its confinement. She licks her lips and heads straight toward it as she drops her blouse and unhooks her bra and drops that too. She has beautiful breasts. Not too large, but with bright red nipples jutting out almost an inch, hard as rocks. She reaches for my hard pole and sinks to her knees between my legs. She has both of her hands wrapped around my dick, one over the other, and the head is still sticking out. I've never been this big before. My dick must be growing longer the more it stays hard. She's looking intently at the head of my dick with a quizzical look on her face. Then she leans forward and licks the head and says. "I thought I smelled pussy, now I know. You've had this in a pussy recently, it's still wet with pussy juice."

"Well, while I had my head in the copier, some woman came in and fucked herself to orgasm on my dick and left without letting me cum. I have no idea who it was, but it sure was exciting." I replied.

"You mean you didn't see who it was? They just came in, fucked themselves and left you with this monster unfulfilled? She asked.

"That's right. Blue balls to the max. You are going to take care of it for me, aren't you?" I asked with a smile.

She didn't answer with words, just deeds. She engulfs my dick about half way down, then starts pumping up and down quickly with her hands and mouth. Soon, I feel my balls starting to churn again. I tell her, "I'm going to cum quick with your talented mouth on me like that. Damn, you're great at that. Here it comes." I grab her hair to keep her in place until I finish so I don't make a mess on her couch. She's swallowing for all she's worth. I'm cumming gallons and she's sure trying to get it all, but it's just too much for her, and it starts to leak out the sides of her mouth. Finally the spurts are slowing down, then stopping. She leans back and says, "I've never seen anyone come so much in my life." She looks down at my dick again and it's not going down. She smiles, stands up and hikes her skirt up and her panties down and turns with her back to me. Her pussy is delicious looking with its dripping wet lips. I lean forward and run my tongue up her pussy lips and over her puckered back hole. She moans and pushes back onto my face. She then spread's her legs and says. "We don't have time for that now, just fuck me."

"How can I refuse when you ask so nicely." I respond. Then I stand up and lean her over the desk. I take my rod in hand and rub it up and down in her juices, line up with her love opening and shove. It goes in most of the way in and she flops over on her desk.

"Nobody's ever been in that deep before." She gasps. "Keep it up, that feels so good."

I pull out about half way and shove it in again. This time I hit bottom and she grunts. In I push again and she grunts again and pushes back at me. I start to pick up the pace and start jack hammering into her over and over. Each time I go in, she grunts and when I pull out, she moans. I'm going to have to get this over with quick so we don't get caught. I'm pounding harder and harder into her pussy and soon my balls are boiling and she's panting and moaning constantly now. "Here I cum, hang on." I tell her. I feel my cock swell and I feel her pussy contracting around me as I start to blast stream after stream into her belly. Jenene's legs start to give out so I pull out of her and carried her over to the couch and sat her down. Her eyes are closed and her breathing is slowing down a little now. Jenene shudders, opens her eyes and looks into mine. "Stan, that was the best fuck I have ever had. We've got to do that again soon."

"I think that's a wonderful idea," I answered, " but we can't do it here. It's too dangerous and we don't want to be caught and fired from our jobs. Your husband won't like that very much."

"I don't care what that rat bastard thinks. I left him 3 weeks ago because he beat me up and went out to fuck some floozy." She told me.

"He sounds like a real bastard. But I'm sorry he hurt you. Obviously you are all right now. How could he treat such a wonderful and beautiful woman like you that way? Somebody should kick his ass." I said.

She looks at my crotch and says, "how come you're still hard?"

"Well, the doctor gave me a shot, and I've been hard ever since. He said it would go down after 24 hours. So about 2 this afternoon, it should go down again. But if it doesn't, I'll call you and we can set up a rendezvous. How does that sound to you?" I responded.

"Hey by the way, did you see what the woman that molested you while you were in the copier was wearing?" She asked.

"All I could tell was that she had on a tan skirt. I didn't notice her shoes or anything else. She did leave me her panties as a souvenir"

"Well, lets get dressed and see who those panties belong to. Can you hide that thing in public?" She asked.

"I have been using my back brace to hold it against my stomach till it goes down."

We get cleaned up at the sink in her office bar, get dressed and head for the door. "Do I look presentable to go out there?" she asks.

"You look gorgeous, how do I look?" I ask

"You look very aroused with that huge lump in your pants. You better button your jacket too." She said.

I button my jacket and open the door followed by Jenene. It looks like gophers popping up out the top of the cubicles. It looks funny. They pop up and see us looking and then they drop down again. We start to circle around the office, looking for a tan skirt. I think I spot the skirt in question and tell Jenene to go down an isle the other way away from the girl in question. I get closer and when I look over the wall of her cubicle, I see her with her head ducking down like she's trying to hide from me. She looks up and I wink at her. She smiles and holds out a small piece of paper. I look over toward Jenene and see she's looking the other way, so I reach and take it. Then I signal that I will call her and I walk away. I act like I'm still looking until I get over to where Jenene is. "I counted 18 women with tan skirts and none of them looked like the one I met Jenene. I wonder where she went?"

"Well they are all here, so I don't know who it was, unless it was one of the attorneys. I'm not going to barge into their offices to find her. I guess I'll just have to keep an eye out for her today. I guess she got away with it." 

"Well Jenene, I'm going to have to go to my next service call. Give me a phone number where I can reach you so I can go."

Jenene heads for her office. Soon she comes back out with my service ticket and hands it to me. I notice there is another piece of paper with it. I start to unfold the paper, and she stops me and says, "I hope that copier keeps working for a while now. I'll see you next time Stan."

"Ok Jenene, I'll see later." I say, and wink at her then I head for the door.

This is turning out to be a good day after all.