 I'm in my office, and it's 45 minutes before class, and I'm horny as hell. I've been playing with my cock on and off, thinking of how very nice it would be to have a nice young honey here to bend over my desk and play with. Finally, you knock on the door, wearing a very short skirt and a button-down blouse. You notice the bulge in my pants and flash a wicked smile. I smile back and take you in my arms, pressing your young body against me, and kiss you passionately. 

This is not be the first time... A few weeks before, you walked into the first day of my class eager to add in to what you'd heard was a demanding but very worthwhile course. You knew the class was full, so you wore a pair of tight, low-riding jeans and a snug t-shirt that showed off your body just perfectly. What man wouldn't want you in his class, even if it meant an extra paper to grade? Especially if you came to class dressed like that every day. You listened attentively on that first day, making sure to flash me your pretty eyes, to let the top of your full breasts show through, and to let your hair dangle down in just that way that you know makes you irresistible. You notice me noticing you, and watch as I make it a point not to stare. 

You hadn't heard that I was cute as well as a good teacher, and your mind drifts as you admire my package through my linen slacks. Class ends, you approach me, and I can't help but grin as you walk up to the front of the class. I take care of the other students first, saving the best for last. As the final stragglers file out of the room, you hand me the form I must sign for you to add into the class, making eye contact and grinning all the while. I return your gaze, and hold it longer than I know I should with a student. I grin back, and sign the form, wordlessly. You mutter a soft "thanks" as you take it from me, making sure that your fingers touch my own. You turn and saunter out, gazing over your shoulder as you walk through the door, just catching a glimpse of me, leering at your shapely ass. 

Now, it's weeks later and we cannot get enough of each other. We both know how horribly wrong it is. What would my wife do if she found out? What would happen to me if my colleagues discovered our affair? Every week in class, I struggle not to teach to you alone. I try not to think of you so I won't humiliate myself by getting hard right there, in front of everyone. You try to focus. You need the class for your major. You need to hear what I'm saying, take it down, think, respond. But your mind keeps wandering to what you know will happen that afternoon, well after class is over, in that hotel room on the edge of town that we've turned into our private world, that world where we've broken every rule, violated every taboo. You feel your pussy starting to dampen as my lecture becomes a distant echo, as you hear in my words the soft deep resonance that my public voice shares with my orgasmic moans. 

Now, things have gotten out of hand. We know that neither of us can concentrate in class unless we've had each other beforehand, so I've made it a point to come to the office early to meet you. You've made it a point to come to the building early, before all the others, so we can fuck passionately and furtively on my desk, on my reading chair, on the floor of my office. You can feel how hard I already am as I cup your ass with my hands and press you against my cock. I know that you're already wet, that you've gotten wet on the bus ride over, that you're dripping with anticipation. Quickly, you reach down and unbutton my pants, roughly, eagerly. They drop to the floor as I reach under your skirt and slip my hand under your moist panties. They drop as well, and you wrap your legs around me as you hang from my neck. I drop into my big leather reading chair and you straddle me. I look up at you, my fantasy incarnate, and see the lust in your eyes. 

You impale yourself on my cock and ride me desperately, grinding your clit against me hard. I thrust into you, grabbing your tits and trying not to moan too loudly as I feel your tight young cunt envelop me. You collapse onto me as we fuck, kissing me, invading my mouth with your tongue. We grind against each other as we press our bodies together. We can hear footsteps as your classmates show up, and we know we need to finish. We quicken the pace. Deeper, faster. Muffling each other's moans with our mouths. "Baby," I whisper, "I'm so ready to shoot. Cum with me. Cum!" And I explode into you. Streams of cum from deep inside me pulse through my cock and shoot hard into your pussy. Yet another hot load, adding to the many I've shot into your pussy, your mouth, your ass, in the weeks past. You feel the stream shoot against your cervix and it puts you over the edge. You grind wildly against me as your orgasm rocks through you. Your teeth dig into my shoulder to muffle your scream. 

Quickly, we reassemble ourselves, knowing that we've let a little too much time pass this morning. You pick up your books, kiss me quickly. "Can't wait 'till later, darling," you mutter, as you rush out the door. I walk into the small lecture hall, just a bit disheveled, and start to scribble on the board. I catch a glance at you in the front row, trying to look nonchalant, making it a point not to look at me. Your hand is in your lap, and only I can see that your fingertips are stroking your inner thigh. What is that glistening against your soft skin? You look around carefully, and then bring your fingers to your lips, discreetly licking them clean. I feel my cock throb a bit, coming back to life, and I look away, at the small crowd of bleary-eyed students. "Yesterday, we talked about the causes of the war," my voice booms out, "and today, we're going to look at..." You open your notebook and begin to scribble, but your mind wanders once again, to the drops of my cum that leaking out of your pussy as I lecture the class. 

(c) Copyright, 2003, realcitykid