 This is the eleventh installment of my story about a family with an interesting dynamic. His Baby returns, and a new Mommy joins the family, but something is not quite right.

*

Note to my readers:

This chapter contains references to certain religious practices that may offend some members of a particular Protestant Sect. I apologize in advance to anyone who is a member of the ACCA, if they are upset with my depiction of their Church. This is a work of fiction, so don't get your panties in a bunch!

*****

The Professor's Women

Chapter Eleven: Weddings, and Other Strange Things

Tuesday morning, they all left the house at the same time. The twins packed their belongings into Cousin Vinnie's old Mercedes, after making sure to both got a final load of Jackson's cum in their pussies, before they headed for Chicagoland. Traci and Audrey went to class at the college together, and Jackson and Kathy went to their respective offices.

The twins spent until Friday morning in Schaumburg with Saul and his family, and discovered that the lawyer, who had taken the week off, and his family were as freaky as the rest of their unusual family. Their cousins, Marcia and Madison, who were also twins, were polyamorous and bisexual as well. 

Saul and his wife Alice joined in on the fun, having orgies with Staci, Kaci, and their two daughters. While Saul was having three-ways with the cousins, his wife was doing the same with her daughters. Then they switched things around so that everyone had experienced enough of Saul's cock, and each of the ladies' tongues and pussies.

Thursday night's 'activities' concluded with a six person daisy-chain in the family room, where the ladies changed places several times, with Saul bringing up the rear, fucking the pussy or ass of whomever was at the end of the chain.

The twins left early Friday morning with their pussies full of a fresh load of Saul's morning cum, and stopped for the night in Zanesville. They spent the weekend with Kelley, at the motel next to the diner where she worked. The three ate and fucked each other into oblivion with toys and fingers. All of this Sapphic lovemaking convinced Kelley that she would never again want to have a man's cock in her pussy.

By the time they left Monday morning, both Kelley's pussy and asshole were sore, and the cousins were satisfied, at least until they stopped for lunch, outside Harrisburg, PA, when they picked a couple of college boys who were hitchhiking to Lehigh University in Bethlehem.

The twins got a motel room with two double beds in Allentown, and took turns with the virile young men. They tried everything with Joe and Fred, who were also cousins from Dayton Ohio. The thing that the girls enjoyed the most was having one boy's cock in the pussy, and the other boy's cock in the ass, while eating the other sister's pussy. They wore the boys out so much, that when the girls dropped them off at their dorm Tuesday morning, they were barely able to walk.

Staci and Kaci were a bit tired themselves, and after driving across New Jersey, and through NYC, they decided to stop in Bridgeport, Ct. at the same truck stop they where they ate lunch on their trip west with Traci. They ate a late lunch while they decided to press on or stop for the night. As they ate, Staci remarked how much better the food at Steak N Shake was. Just as they were finishing, two good looking guys wearing Harvard sweatshirts came in and sat at the booth next to them. 

Staci kicked Kaci's shin and winked, before she started in, loud enough for the guys to hear "I can't believe that Daddy expected us to drive all the way home to the cottage on the Vineyard today. I know that it would not be a problem for Georgio to drive us in the Caddy, but he expected us to drive this old heap that is such an embarrassment."

Kaci answered her, "Well Dahling, you should have hidden the weed better so that Father would not find it. You know he comes unhinged when he thinks his little girls are doing drugs or having sex."

That did the trick, and the two ivy leaguers got up from their booth, and sat down next to the girls. John, the taller one said, "Do you ladies need a place to 'crash' for the night? We're staying at Mummy and Daddy's Summer Cottage on the 'Sound'. There's plenty of room there, and you're welcome to stay."

The two sisters each grabbed the guy sitting next to them and after they planted a toe-curling kiss on each of the boys, Staci said, "Hi, I'm Staci."

Kaci said, "Hi I'm Kaci."

And together, they both said, "Nice to meet you. We're twins, and we love to fuck!"

John said, "Hi girls, I'm John, and this is my brother Jim. We're both horny too, let's go!"

The four stood up, the boys paid their bill, each boy grabbed a girl, and they walked out the door of the truck-stop. John led Staci to a bright yellow Corvette convertible, and she threw the keys for Vinnie's 'caah' to Kaci, and said, "Follow us sister." Kaci handed the keys to Jim and led him to the Mercedes. 

As they got in the aging sedan, Jim asked, "Is this yours?"

Kaci frowned and said, "No, it's a loaner from Uncle Vinnie while our Lambo is in the shop. Staci hit the guardrail on the Chappaquiddick Bridge last week, and Daddy said we needed to learn a 'lesson', so he's making us drive this, eewww."

The two couples drove south until they reached the coast, where they turned west, and soon pulled up in front of a 'Summer Cottage' that made their place on the Vineyard look like a tiny beachcombers hut. Staci noticed the name on the mailbox was 'Folger' as they pulled through the large automatic iron gates at the end of the driveway to the home the sisters would find to have six bedrooms, and eight bathrooms(one each for the indoor pool and gym). 

They pulled their cars into the empty four car garage under the house, retrieved their overnight bags, and took the elevator to the main floor great-room. After the four of them drank the blender full of margaritas that Jim had made, John said, "You girls up for a swim?"

The girls said, "Yes!" in unison, and the boys led them through the sliding doors to the pool room. After grabbing several towels from a cabinet near the door, the boys stripped out of their clothes and dove nude, into the pool. 

The girls looked at each other and both said, "When in Rome!" as they stripped out of their clothes and joined the boys in the pool. The two couples swam, splashed, and played with each other for the next hour or so, and ended up fucking, both in and out of the pool.

They had a lot of fun, because not only were these boys much richer that the college boys from the previous night, they had bigger cocks as well. At first it was John fucking Staci, and Jim fucking Kaci, and then they switched partners. It was Jim that first noticed their tattoos, and he said to Staci between licks, as he was eating her pussy, "Very cool, I'm glad you have these. I don't think I could tell you apart without them."

Staci grabbed his cock, and just before she swallowed it, said, "Thank you Jim, You're sweet, and you taste good too."

They fucked and made love in every room of the house, ending up in the master bedroom on a King-sized round bed. They had spent several hours trying every position the four knew, ending up with John fucking Kaci in the pussy as Jim fucked her ass, while she was eating Staci's pussy and fingering her ass. They kept up with variations of this until they all fell asleep.

They woke up together late the next morning, and all headed into the very large master bathroom. There they fucked, played and washed each other in the six foot by six foot glass walled shower 'room' that was equipped with fifteen shower heads on the walls and ceiling, as well as two 'special' jets on the floor that were designed to be used as douche's.

As the girls dried and dressed, the boys made brunch still nude, and all four ate on the veranda that faced the Long Island Sound. 

Staci took a piece of paper from her purse and wrote down the address of their beach house on the Vineyard, along with both of their names and their phone number, telling them, "If you guys are ever in the neighborhood, stop by at our 'little place'. There is a nude beach a short walk from the house."

The boys promised they would, and kissed the girls good bye, but before Staci and Kaci left, they knelt on the veranda decking, and gave John and Jim goodbye blowjobs. As the girls were backing out of the driveway, the boys waved goodbye from the deck with their now flaccid cocks, and Staci almost backed into the iron entry gate, as it opened.

When they finally made it to Vinnie's, late Thursday afternoon, he told the girls to keep the 'caah' on the vineyard, because he no longer needed it. When they finally made it home, it was dusk, and they collapsed, after calling their parents, and the Powell's in Illinois.

Traci and Audrey fell into a routine with their school work, with Audrey helping Traci understand the intricacies of college life, and Traci helped Audrey become more comfortable with her sexual awakening. They double dated, and occasionally shared lovers, but when Jake showed up at the house for Traci's birthday in December, he spent the night with the two girls in Traci's bed. It was becoming evident that Jake and Audrey had become 'an item', and Traci loved her friend enough to step aside and let the two 'lovebirds' have their fun.

The two professors were falling more in love with every passing week, and the first week of October, Jackson presented her with an antique engagement ring with a one carat marquise diamond, one night in bed. She asked him, "Jackson, is this the same ring you gave Elizabeth, the setting looks very familiar."

He smiled at her and said, "Yes darling, this is the same ring, but this is a different diamond. Since you wear the very same size ring as Elizabeth, I bought a new, much larger diamond locally, and had it put in the original setting that I bought in Chicago twenty years ago. I hope you don't mind."

She kissed him and said, "I am not offended my darling. I am honored to wear the ring that you bought for her. She is so much a part of our lives, and I feel her presence nearly every day. What did you do with the original stone?"

Jackson kissed her back, and said, "I had it set in the wedding band I will slip on your finger on our wedding day." 

They started planning a wedding over the Christmas holidays. All of the plans were complete by Traci's birthday, and since Christmas was on a Sunday that year, they decided on a Christmas Eve wedding, and leaving on a romantic honeymoon in the tropics on Monday the 26th.

It almost seemed like Deja-Vu to Jackson, as they were married by the priest at the Newman chapel, had their reception at the Student Center, and rode in the back of George's limo on their trip to Peoria for their stay at Suite 1018 of the Pere Marquette Hotel on their wedding night. 

The only differences were the Christmas decorations at the college and hotel, and the trip to a private island enclave in the Caribbean, courtesy of the US Attorney's office. You see, the information Jackson had provided them, through Saul, had led to the arrest and conviction of more that twenty-five people in the Twin Cities, as well as Chicago, St Louis, and Indianapolis.

The villa was on a small private island near St. Croix, originally owned by former drug kingpin Romero Valdez. It had been seized by the government as one of his assets during their investigation, and became government property after his plea bargained conviction. Jackson and his bride flew to Miami, where they changed planes and flew to St Croix. From there, they were flown by a private float plane to the small Island which only had a boat dock. 

The only structure there could be described as a large mansion that occupied the entire top of the hill that rose in the center of the island. The only residents were the thirty personal attendants (maids, masseuses, etc.), cooks, custodians, and maintenance workers. They were all native to the area, and only wore clothes when necessary for their jobs. The newlyweds were met at the dock by two beautiful dark skinned women and two tall dark muscular men, all totally nude. 

Jackson and Kathy undressed on the dock, handing their clothes to the men who had taken their suitcases from the pilot. The two ladies smiled when they saw Jackson's 'Monster' and the men gave him two 'thumbs up'.

They spent the next week, without wearing any clothes at all, while enjoying the island. They swam, walked along the beaches, ate exotic meals served by the nude natives, and fucked everywhere in full view of their new 'friends' who often joined them in their frolicking. Jackson 'sampled' some of the local ladies, and Kathy did the same with the local men, remarking afterward that Jackson was much larger, and more 'talented' than the local men were. 

They experienced a 'couples massage', complete with a 'happy ending' while lying side-by-side on the veranda, watched by several members of the staff (who sampled his sperm and her vaginal juices afterward). 

Their last night there, they were joined in their bed by Sylvia, the woman who was in charge of the island. They found out that she had been a madam at one of the 'establishments' in Boston's 'Combat Zone', and asked Jackson "Are you the same Jackson Powell who used to visit my sister, Enchantment, many years ago?"

Jackson said. "Yes I am; I learned so much from your sister. I have always wondered what happened to her after I left Boston, how is she doing?"

She replied, "I am so sorry to tell you that she passed away, five years ago. She never forgot you Professor, and talked about you often. She said you were the kindest, most non judgemental man she had ever met. She also never stopped talking about that monster cock of yours." She looked at Kathy and said, "Mrs. Powell, would you allow me to have that wonderful cock of your husband's in my pussy tonight?"

Kathy kissed the brown woman and said, "Sylvia darling, my husband has told me much about your sister, and I am sure that he would not have become the amazing lover he is today without her 'tutoring'. Please be my guest, and take your pleasure on his 'Monster'."

That night, Jackson and Kathy shared their passion with Sylvia, who was also able to take all of his 'Monster'. The three of them enjoyed erotic pleasures seldom reached by mortals. They lost track of how many times they came, and Sylvia shared things with the couple that they had never experienced before. 

When Jackson awoke the next morning, he watched quietly as his bride and their new friend were dining on each other's vaginas more intensely than he had ever witnessed before. As soon as they came, Sylvia grabbed his morning wood, and impaled herself on him. At the same time, Kathy climbed on his face, and rode his tongue, as she sucked on Sylvia's large breasts. After they came together, they climbed into the spa tub in the middle of the room, and relaxed together.

Much later, when it was time for the newlyweds to leave, Sylvia helped them get ready, and walked them to the plane. The entire population of the island, all thirty of them, were standing along the shore, all nude. They all waved goodbye to the happy couple, and there was not a dry eye to be seen. 

Jackson and Kathy sat quietly in the back seats of the plane, and dressed in shorts, tee shirts, and sandals, as their pilot flew them to St Croix. When they landed in Miami, and cleared through customs, they changed their clothes for the cold January weather in Illinois, and checked their bags through to BMI. George picked them up at the Bloomington airport, and dropped them off at the house that evening. When they got out of the limo, they saw Leslie's Japanese sedan parked in the driveway.

Jackson and Kathy walked into their home, and saw Traci, Audrey, Leslie and Brenda sitting at the dining room table, eating in the nude. As Mommy and Daddy were undressing, Jackson said, "Did you make enough for us, we're starved!"

Leslie said, "There's plenty pasta and marinara on the stove, help yourselves. By the way, Jackson, you never invited us over to try out your soaker tub and bidet, so we just decided to invite ourselves. We managed to get all four of us into the tub together, and Traci taught us how to give each other orgasms with that bidet." Jackson and Kathy looked at each other and laughed out loud. 

After dinner, the six of them spent several hours pleasing each other, with Leslie and Brenda taking turns riding the 'Monster', while Kathy and her 'daughters' enjoyed each other's Sapphic delights. 

After Leslie and Brenda went home, Traci asked Kathy, "Mommy, can I sleep with Daddy tonight?"

"Sure Baby, I'll sleep with my other 'daughter' tonight." Kathy said.

When Audrey heard this, she wrapped her arms around Kathy and started to cry. Jackson and Traci joined them for a group hug, and the four went upstairs together. As they stood in front of the bathroom kissing each other, the four of them realized that they were one family, and they loved each other equally, both emotionally and sexually.

Jackson and Traci went to bed in the front bedroom, and Kathy and Audrey went to bed in Traci's bedroom. The two couples made love to each other, until they all fell asleep.

The next morning, after Jackson and his daughter made love, Traci told her daddy that she was going downstairs to start breakfast. Jackson was standing in the bathroom holding his 'Monster" and peeing into the toilet when his new bride came in to the room. Seeing that he had finished, she sat on the toilet, grabbed his 'Monster' and started sucking on it.

He smiled at her and said, "Good morning darling." She continued to suck on him until he was hard and stood up, pulling him by his cock into his daughter's bedroom. When they entered the room, he saw Audrey lying on the bed nude, with her legs spread apart. 

Kathy looked into her husband's eyes and said, "Sweetheart, our little girl wants you to make love to her with your big cock."

Jackson looked at his wife, and then the nude young lady on the bed in front of him, and said, "Are you sure you really want this Audrey?"

She smiled and said, "Yes Daddy, I told Mommy last night that I wanted to feel your great big cock inside my little pussy. I told my sister last week what I wanted, and she said that she thought I was ready."

Just then Traci stuck her head in the door and said, "Daddy, my sister wants you to make love to her, and she wants Mommy and me to watch. Please Daddy, Audrey loves you, and wants your cock."

Jackson looked at the three women in the world he loved the most, and said, "Well, if this is what all of you want, I will do it. Traci darling, weren't you fixing breakfast?"

Traci giggled and said, "Silly Daddy, I just said that so that Mommy could get Audrey and you ready for this."

"OK then, I can't keep my other little girl waiting," and as he knelt between the young girls legs and started licking her vulva, his wife and daughter crawled into bed on either side of Audrey and started kissing and caressing the young woman. 

When he had her properly lubricated, he lined up his cock with her, and as his wife and daughter spread her labia open, he pulled back his foreskin and pushed the head of his cock into her very tight vagina. He held very still as she moaned loudly and started to squirm. 

When she opened her eyes and smiled and said, "Oh that feels so good Daddy, give me more."

He pushed in a little more, and when she got a pained look on her face, he pulled back. He hesitated, and pushed in a little further. He kept this up this slow progress, as his wife and daughter continued to kiss, caress, and reassure the young woman, until he had two thirds of his 'Monster buried inside her little vagina. When he felt her cervix with the head of his cock, he stopped and started to stroke out and in her vagina. He grasped his cock with his fist so that he wouldn't accidently drive into her too hard or too far and accidently do her physical harm.
