 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not. 

*

As the meeting was wrapping up and we were all gathering our things, Jane asked me if I had a moment. I lingered behind as everyone cleared out then followed her to her office.

"Am I in trouble?" I asked as she closed the door behind us. Jane was the project manager for a client I was working with and, though a few years older than me, I was definitely attracted to her. I thought I had been really careful not to flirt outright with her, especially in front of the rest of the project team, but I was wondering if I had slipped up.

"No, you're not in trouble," she replied, "but I think we need to be really careful with the flirting going back and forth between us."

I was relieved that she'd said "back and forth" because it confirmed that she'd been guilty of it, too.

"I think we just need to be really conscious not to do it in front of anyone," she continued, "although when it's just the two of us..."

She slipped into my arms and we started making out; two horny enginerds who'd realized that they couldn't resist each other. My hands went down to her ass and I was pleasantly surprised how quickly one of her hands found the growing bulge in my jeans. It had been stiffening quite well on its own but, with her help, I was soon completely rigid. She put both hands to work opening my jeans while we continued making out then took my cock out and stroked it in her fist. I brought my hands around to open her jeans, as well, and slipped a hand inside to caress the damp front of her panties, which made her moan softly. Rather than slip my hand into her panties, I just went ahead and started sliding her jeans down. I dropped into the chair behind me as they dropped down her legs, forcing her to release my cock. I caressed her ass through her panties then started to slide them down as well. Her brown bush was neatly groomed and I knew I'd want to bury my face in it if we had the time.

As she stepped out of her jeans and panties, I pushed my own jeans and underwear down, then leaned back in the chair as she straddled me. I guided my cock to her approaching pussy and she lowered herself onto it, both of us moaning softly as her hot, wet pussy engulfed my throbbing tool. We went back to making out again as she started to slowly ride me and I started to caress her tits through her blouse. I went ahead and unbuttoned it, caressing her tits through her bra and feeling her hard nipples, before reaching behind her to unfasten that. I slipped my hands up under the cups to caress the soft smooth flesh and gently stimulate her hard nipples. She had a decent set of tits that she kept pretty well hidden but, in the boys' club of the engineering world, that was not a surprise. I had definitely noticed them before so I was happy to have the opportunity to get my hands on them. Of course getting my tongue on them or my cock between them would be nice, too, but I didn't think her office would necessarily be the right place for that undertaking. Then again, we were fucking in her office, so who knew?

Her pussy felt fantastic as it continued to move up and down my tool and it seemed to be getting even wetter and hotter the longer she rode me. Her initial slow pace was also gradually increasing and it was starting to feel as though her orgasm was imminent. I was still not quite there but I was certainly enjoying the slow build and the pleasure I was experiencing due to her hot pussy. It also took a little bit of pressure off me if she came a lot more quickly than I had been expecting. I knew that it probably wouldn't be a good idea to hang out naked and fucking in her office for too long so, if she was satisfied quicker, I wouldn't have to try to hold out longer.

My hands gravitated from her tits around to her ass as I helped her move up and down on my cock while pushing up into her each time she came down. When she slammed herself down and stayed there, she pulled her mouth from mine and pressed her face against my neck. I felt her body trembling as she came and was pleased that I'd been able to help get her there. When she'd finished riding out what appeared to be a long and intense orgasm, she raised her head.

"I want to finish you off with my mouth," she told me.

"Okay," I replied, "but not quite yet. Your pussy feels so damn good."

She seemed to appreciate this compliment and went back to riding me hard as I continued pushing up into her. Her pussy did feel outstanding but I was sure that her mouth would, too, so I didn't let myself get too close to cumming before I indicated that I was ready to have her suck me off. She gave me one more quick kiss before climbing off of my lap and dropping to her knees in front of me. She pumped my cock briefly in her fist before wrapping her lips around it and sliding them down. I moaned softly and ran my fingers through her curly brown hair while watching as her lips slid slowly up and down my cock. Her oral skills left nothing to be desired and the level of pleasure that I was feeling had my orgasm continuing to steadily build.

I was kind of getting the impression as she sucked me off that she was enjoying herself almost as much as I was enjoying having her blow me. It wasn't that odd when I considered how much I really wanted to bury my face between her thighs, though I wasn't sure I'd have the opportunity before we adjourned this meeting. In a low voice I was letting her know how much I was enjoying her cocksucking and how good she was at it. As my orgasm drew closer, I couldn't do much more than gasp and moan softly while my cock grew even thicker. She never let up in bobbing her head up and down, even as I start spurting my load into her mouth. She swallowed my load as she continued sucking me off, then let my cock fall from her mouth once I was spent.

"That was outstanding," I told her as she sat back on her heels and looked up at me.

"Good," she replied, "I was hoping to entice you into a covert sexual affair. I think that, if we're smart and careful, we should have no problem pulling it off."

"Like coming up with a reason for this impromptu, closed-door meeting?" I asked.

"Exactly," she replied, "It isn't like we don't have plenty that we could be discussing if we weren't more interested in fucking each other."

She'd stood and was reaching back to refasten her bra when I stopped her. I grabbed my cell phone and took a quick photo because, as she was reaching back, her tits were jutting out and looking spectacular.

"Just make sure the only one who sees that is you," she suggested.

"Of course," I replied, "This one, too."

Her jeans and panties were still on the floor so I took a picture of her trim bush while she was still fiddling with her bra.

"Enough already," she chastised and turned away, laughing. This, of course, exposed her ass to me so I took a picture of it, as well.

"Don't worry," I said, standing with my jeans and underwear still at my knees, "no one will see those but me. I'll need something for the times when we can't manage to slip away for some of this..."

I started to kiss her neck and slipped a hand around to stroke her pussy as she was trying to button her blouse.

"Don't go getting me all worked up again if you can't follow through," she said.

"I don't think this meeting is over yet," I replied, "I think I need to take care of you with my tongue."

"Well, okay," she said, "if you insist."

She turned around and sat up on her desk while I took a seat in her desk chair. She spread her legs and I started kissing along her smooth inner thighs, alternating sides as I got closer to her trim bush. Once I'd reached it, I took a moment to admire it at close range, then ran my tongue up her juicy slit. She moaned and grabbed my head as I slurped up her abundant juices before slipping a couple of fingers into her and focusing my licking on her clit. It sounded like she was having a bit more trouble keeping her vocalizations in check while I was licking and sucking her clit and pumping my fingers in and out of her. Again, I knew this really wasn't the time or place to indulge myself too much in eating her pussy but it sounded like it wouldn't require too much to get her cumming again. I figured that, if I could accomplish that, then the chances of getting another opportunity when it would be more appropriate to spend more time going down on her would definitely improve.

The longer I ate her, the juicier and more engorged her pussy was becoming while, simultaneously, my cock was recovering admirably. As hot and wet as her pussy was, I was definitely looking forward to another opportunity of slip my cock into her. I certainly had not arrived for the initial meeting that day expecting or even considering that I might have the opportunity to not only fuck Jane, but to eat her pussy and blow a load down her throat, as well. I was definitely appreciating the position I found myself in, however, and was going to make the most of it even though I fully expected that this was only the beginning of a sexual relationship that we would both find highly satisfying.

She was tensing up a little bit the closer she got to cumming so I remained focused on getting her the rest of the way there with the greatest level of pleasure that I could provide. When she started to cum, she let out a soft gasp and the tension left her body as it started to tremble. I continued eating her through her long, intense orgasm, raising my head only once she'd let out a content-sounding sigh. I stood up, revealing that my cock was nearly rigid again, and she reached for it, stroking it and making it even harder before guiding it to her pussy. I slipped easily in and we both moaned softly. I started to slowly fuck her, then recalled that I really should not dawdle, so I picked up the pace.

Fucking her as she sat up on top of her desk didn't end up being the best position, especially as I started fucking her harder, so we changed positions not too long after we'd started. Once I slipped out of her, she hopped off of her desk and turned around, bracing her arms on the desktop and resting her head on her arms. I guided my throbbing cock back into her pussy from behind and took her by the hips as I admired her ass. I started fucking her with long, slow strokes initially until I had a good rhythm going, then I picked up the pace again. She'd managed to get her tits back into her bra and her blouse buttoned up, so I didn't reach up to fondle her tits as I fucked her. Instead, I slipped one hand down to her pussy and gently stroked her clit as I was pumping my cock in and out of her.

Despite having cum already not that long prior, I could feel my orgasm building again pretty quickly due to the pace I was setting and the feel of Jane's pussy. This, of course, was ideal for the situation we were in, though I was hoping that I'd be able to make her cum again, too. As she started pushing back against my incoming thrusts and her pussy continued to feel even hotter and wetter, I suspected that it wasn't any unreasonable prospect. I savored the building pleasure that I was feeling while doing my best to provide a comparable level of pleasure to her between fucking her and stimulating her clit.

When I found myself right on the verge of cumming, I was afraid that I was going to end up leaving her in the dust. Fortunately, as my cock was swelling even more in anticipation of shooting my load, it must have helped her over the edge, as well. Just before I exploded into her hot pussy, I heard Jane gasp and could feel her body trembling as I was filling her with my spunk. I continued thrusting as I was cumming as well as continuing to stroke her clit, not stopping either until I could no longer thrust into her. I slipped my cock out of her and she straightened up, then turned to face me. We made out again without saying a word to each other initially.

"Okay, we really need to wrap this meeting up or people will start to wonder," Jane finally said after pulling her lips away from mine.

We cleaned ourselves up using the box of Kleenex on her desk then got all of our clothes back where they belonged while discussing what to tell anyone who asked what had gone on in the meeting. We managed to come up with something that would definitely require follow up meetings on a regular basis.