 This is the ninth installment of my story about a family with an interesting dynamic. Herein you will see how, after all is said and done, things fall into place for the Professor and his family.

*****

The Professor's Women

Chapter Nine: The Pieces Fit and a New Love

Thursday morning before he left for breakfast, Jackson called Saul on his 'device', using his access code, and told his Chicago lawyer about his new phone. Saul congratulated him on his purchase, and asked him if he had any more information or concerns.

When Jackson told Saul what he had discovered in the local papers, and how he thought the pieces were fitting together, Sol told him that the Federal Prosecutors had come to the same conclusion but didn't have enough proof yet. Jackson asked Saul if the newspaper records would help, and his lawyer said yes. Jackson gave him the date and issue numbers with what section and pages they were printed on. 

Jackson told his lawyer that he had not revealed his device purchase to anyone else. Saul agreed that his decision was smart, and asked Jackson if the voicemail feature was activated. When Jackson said that it was, Saul told him to leave the device off, and only turn it on when he was alone, and to check his voicemail once every evening. He told Jackson he would have his 'Detectives' contact him if there was an emergency. Saul said that it looked that everything would finally be ready for all of the indictments to be filed on Wednesday the 27th, and the FBI would be sweeping down on the following Monday, so he should be prepared to 'sit back and enjoy the show'. 

He told Saul that the board would be meeting to approve his permanent appointment on August 10th, and the yearly installation ceremony would be held on September 5th. He was hoping that this 'mess' would be finalized by then so he could bring his daughter home. Saul said that 'all the dust should be settled' by mid-August, so he should be able to bring her home before Labor Day Weekend. Jackson thanked him, and they both disconnected.

Jackson turned off his device, and buried it under some papers in his briefcase, and left to grab some breakfast before going to his office.

Leslie had scheduled another full day of eight meetings with his staff, and she had received one resignation request from someone with the same sir name as someone on his 'enemies list'. He asked Leslie if she could squeeze in a meeting with Mr. Ryan, the young man who had asked to resign. After his third meeting, and just before lunch, Leslie informed Jackson that Gerald Ryan was on his way to his office to see him. He thanked her and told her to go to lunch when the young man showed up. 

After Leslie showed the young man in, she left. Jackson said, "May I call you Gerald, Dr. Ryan?" 

"Please sir, I prefer Gerry." the young assistant professor said. 

"Ok, Gerry, why do you want to quit? Do you not like me, or the university, or is it something else?" Jackson asked. 

"Professor, my family is originally from Alabama, and your views on diversity bother me. I was raised to believe that 'Niggers' were not the same as us white folks. Also women need to stay home and make babies, there is no need for them to go to college." The young man replied.

Jackson looked at the young man and said, "You knew I grew up in Cranston, Rhode Island, in a blue collar mixed neighborhood. What you don't know is that I went to school with Niggers, Pollaks, Jews, Spicks, and Chinks. Do you know what happened? We all got along because we had to. I got a chance to go to Harvard because I had excellent grades, but I was not good enough for grad school there. Back East the snooty Ivy League assholes never let me forget where I came from. That was how I ended up here, in the middle of Cornfield County Illinois,

He continued, "Now, This racist BS, is that you or your lawyer daddy talking. Yes, I know who you are. I make it my business to know the background of every one of my people. I know that your father is in the middle of a real shit storm right now, and he may end being disbarred before the end of the year, that is if they don't send him to Joliet first. Fortunately Gerry, what happens to your father will not affect your staff position here. You won't have to quit school and go to work on the assembly line at Mitsubishi Motors. So be strait with me, do you really hate Niggers, or is this just some lame excuse to save face?"

The young man broke down and started to sob uncontrollably and Jackson put his hands on the young man's shoulders and said, "Gerry, what I just told you is not common knowledge. No one here at the university knows about your father's legal problems. I am asking you to not tell your father that you know about his troubles. If he is pressuring you to quit school because of me, tell him that I was just blowing off steam about that diversity stuff to screw with people's heads. He should recognize it as an old courtroom trick and back off. You are a bright young man with good instincts and I don't want to lose you. Please hold onto your resignation letter until Friday morning. If you still want to quit then, I will accept it and write you a letter of recommendation that will allow you to go anywhere you want."

The two shook hands and the young man left with his resignation letter. A few minutes later Leslie came back from lunch with a sandwich and a root beer for Jackson. She knew him well enough to know he often got distracted and skipped lunch. He thanked her and finished the meal shortly before his first afternoon meeting. 

After his last meeting of the day, he gave Leslie notes from the meetings, as he had for all of his previous meetings with his new staff members. He had asked his secretary to edit the notes, and create profiles of all of the professors, and assistant professors who were the staff members of the department. This would help him to better utilize his staff's strengths.

As Leslie and Jackson were getting ready to leave the building, Jake the construction foreman stopped by to explain that there wasn't enough room in his bathroom for all of the changes he wanted. He did, however offer a few suggestions. They could use an oversized pedestal sink instead of double sinks. He said that Kohler had just come out with a combination toilet and bidet, and by utilizing that and a single larger sink, they could fit the large soaker tub he wanted. Jackson told Jake that would work perfectly and thanked him.

As Jackson and Leslie walked to the faculty parking lot she asked, "So, you're going to have a bidet and a soaker tub in your new bathroom?" 

"Yes Leslie, when we went on our honeymoon in Peoria the suites at the Pere Marquette had them, and I took Traci there last spring for her 'coming out'. I really enjoyed the soaker tub and both of my ladies really loved the bidet." he said. 

"Jackson, you have to let me use that bidet when you move back in." she said. 

"That's a deal." he said, "You can even invite Brenda to try it out as well. Tell you what, I'll cook you two dinner this time." 

Leslie hugged him and said, "I can't wait Jackson." and got in her car to leave.

On his way out of the Chinese take-out, Jackson grabbed a Pantagraph, and read it while he ate his dinner. When he was finished with both, he turned on his phone and checked for any voicemails. When he found none, and since it was only seven in the evening, he decided to take a walk around the perimeter of the Quad, taking in the mid-summer evening sights and smells. As he walked by the College of Visual Arts, a beautiful blonde woman dressed in a peasant blouse and bellbottoms, walked up to him and introduced herself as 'Dr. Katherine MacKenzie, Chair of the Visual Arts College, and Professional Photographer, Extraordinaire'. 

She told him that she was working on an 'Artistic Photographic Project' and asked if he would like to 'sit for her'. Having nothing else to do, he agreed and followed her to a small studio in the attic of the Arts Building.

She showed him a small changing room, handed him a robe, and asked him to undress. When he stepped out of the room, he saw that Kathy, as she asked had him to call her, had changed into what looked like a lightweight poncho that barely covered her slender body. 

She directed him to a posing stool in front of a grey muslin background flanked by two large photographic strobe lights with large reflector umbrellas, and one smaller strobe with a colored gel pointed at the background. She had him pose wearing the robe as she took several shots with her Hasselblad, before asking him to lose the robe. 

She shot the rest of the first film back before changing to the second, and by the time she was ready to change to the third, she had lost her poncho, and they were both nude. By this time, she had him posing on a large quilt on the floor, and she had changed lenses so she could take close-up photos of his now completely erect 'Monster' as it was starting to leak pre-cum. The last six shots were of him holding his foreskin in its fully retracted position. 

She put down her camera, and attempted to swallow his 'Monster'. As she was gagging on his girth, he grabbed her by the hips, and placed her on top of him in the sixty-nine position, and drove his tongue into her leaking vulva.

His excellent oral skills brought her to an orgasm like none she had experienced in her forty-nine years, and as she lay on the quilt, he looked at the beautiful lithe beauty in front of him. Her skin was fair, and her eyes were sky blue. She had small breasts, A or barely B cup, with tiny nipples and areolas that were barely darker than her skin. Her hips were slender, like a young boy's, but her ass was perfection, and her legs were shapely and long, just like his Elizabeth's were. Her vulva was covered with soft, downy looking fuzz, and was totally tucked inside like a teenager's. 

When she opened her eyes, she grabbed his cock and said, "Put that in me, now!" He nodded, and as he got into position, she spread her legs apart and parted her lower lips, revealing a dripping cavern, ready for him to impale her. He pushed in about one third of the way on his first thrust, and she let out a loud moan. He backed out and drove in again, this time about two thirds of the way in. On the third thrust, he went all the way, and felt her cervix with the head of his 'Monster'. She wrapped her long legs around him and had a squirting orgasm under him, as her eyes rolled back into her head and shook like she was having a seizure. 

When she stopped shaking, they kissed, and he started slowly pulling it out, until only the head was inside her and then totally buried to the hilt. He slowly increased his speed until she was moaning louder, and finally screaming like a banshee. He kept up his assault on her vagina, and by the time she was experiencing her fourth mind blowing orgasm, he came, filling her so completely that it looked like her stomach was swollen.

When he finally softened and slipped out, it made the same obscene slurping noise that had only happened with his bride and daughter before. They both watched as her distended stomach shrank, and a river of their combined juices drizzled out of her forming a puddle the size of a garbage can lid. 

They both started to laugh at the sound their uncoupling had made, and both stared transfixed at the amount of ooze their lovemaking had produced. Jackson was the first to speak, saying, "I haven't cum that much since Elizabeth!" 

Kathy said, "I have never cum that much, or as many times in my life. I was always jealous of the life that you and Liz had together. She was so beautiful, and the way you two looked at each other with so much love, it made me cry. Now that I have experienced your 'Monster' first hand, I will never be satisfied by anyone else." 

Jackson took her face into his hands and gave her a passionate, toe curling kiss, and said, "Kathy, my Elizabeth was the only woman who ever truly owned my heart and soul. Since I lost her, I have not felt anything like this until tonight. No one but you has made me feel the same love and passion that I had with her. I'm not sure, but I think I may have found someone to take Liz's place in my life. I don't want to rush into anything, but I would love to spend more time with you to make sure what I feel is real." 

She looked at him and through teary eyes asked, "Do you think Tracy will accept me, or will she be jealous of your feelings for me?" 

"You know about us? How many people know that I've been having a relationship with my daughter?" he asked. 

"Only those who truly love and care about you two know, Jackson. Leslie and I have been best friends for years, and we were both very close to Liz. When I talked to Leslie the other day, she told me about what happened during your 'dinner' at her house. She encouraged me to 'go after' you, because she said you needed someone in your life to 'take care' of you, because she knew it could never be her."

She leaned forward and kissed him, and felt his 'Monster' coming back to life. She pushed him onto his back and climbed aboard for another 'ride' on the 'Jackson'. After two more of her orgasms and one more of his, they fell asleep in her studio until early morning. 

They both woke up with a start, and Jackson noticed that it was 5AM. They both dressed quickly and she invited him to 'dinner' Saturday night at her condo. She gave him her card after writing her address on the back, and they parted company. He got back to his apartment, showered, and changed in time to have breakfast before going to his office. 

When he got there, he found Leslie hard at work. He walked over to her and whispered in her ear, "Thank You." When she asked him why he was smiling, and what he was talking about, he mouthed, "Kathy." Leslie blushed and smiled.

His secretary had four resignations waiting for him when he sat down at his desk. As Jackson looked at them, thankful that Gerry's wasn't one of them, he considered the men whose lives he held of his hands. He then looked at the eight resume's he also had in front of him. Leslie said, "The first four candidates are scheduled for their interview's this morning, and the second four are scheduled this afternoon. After he finished talking to the eight candidates, he had made his decisions. 

He told Leslie to write a memo to the Chancellor's office about the resignations, and his choices for their replacements, and have it delivered first thing Monday morning. He thanked his secretary for her efficiency, and after kissing her on the cheek whispered in her ear, "Thank you for introducing me to Kathy." and then said, "It's five o'clock, let's go home."

When Jackson got back to his apartment after picking up dinner, he checked his voicemail. There was a message from Saul asking him to come to Chicago on Saturday morning for a meeting at his office in the loop. Early the next morning, Jackson took Amtrak to Chicago and met with Saul at his office on Jackson Blvd. 

What Saul shared with Jackson that day were the details of how all of the pieces of the puzzle that was the conspiracy they had uncovered fit together. Saul also told him that everything would be revealed beginning Monday, August 1st in the McClean County Circuit Court. 

Romero Valdez, the Midwest drug kingpin that his sister-in-law was going to testify against had agreed to take a plea agreement to a lesser count (he was accused of murder for the overdose death of a customer who took drugs cut with rat poison), in exchange for testimony in the Federal Fraud trial of the conspirators in the Bloomington Low Income Housing project. 

It seems that the conspirators had used Mr. Valdez to launder the money they had used to bribe the officials responsible for the illegal condemnations and property seizures that made the investors millions. By agreeing to testify in Federal Court, Romero would only be spending twenty years at Stateville Prison in Joliet, instead of the needle or life at Menard Prison in southern Illinois. His testimony would lead to the conviction of more than twenty of the thirty-five members of the investment group, whose members included the disgraced members of the staff and board at ISU as well as several prominent business leaders and politicians.

Because of this plea bargain, Jackson's sister-in-law would not have to testify against Valdez in open court, and because her identity had not been revealed, Becky would not be in danger and could return home. Because Becky had lost her physicians license as a result of her arrest, she decided to stay in the Chicago area and take a job as a hospital administrator in Evanston, and the Powell family would never see her again. 

Saul also told Jackson the details of Jeremy Knuppel's death. It seems that the young man had used one of Valdez's dealers to obtain the drugs needed to have two of his father's students concoct the 'cocktail' used to 'drug' Traci. Unfortunately for the young man, two of Valdez's underlings grabbed, and tortured him to death in rural Tazwell County. They tied him to a tree, cut off his penis and scrotum, and watched while he bled to death after stuffing the severed appendages in his mouth to quiet his screams. After he was dead, they tied concrete blocks around his feet and threw his lifeless body into a deep pool in a bend of the Mackinaw River, where two fishermen found his body a month later.

Saul told Jackson that everything should be completely settled by the 15th of August, and that it would be safe for his daughter to come home after then. Jackson told Sol that their cousins Kaci and Staci would be making the trip back to Illinois with Traci, and Saul was happy to hear that. He hadn't seen any of his family in ten years since he moved west. Jackson thanked Saul for his help during the last several months, and the two shook hands before the Professor left and caught a cab to Union Station in plenty of time to catch the train to Bloomington in time to make his 'dinner' date with Kathy.

Jackson didn't bother to go back to his apartment when he got back to Normal, and instead drove directly to Kathy's condo, arriving at six in the evening. When the door opened his senses were overwhelmed, by the incredibly beautiful woman was standing in front of him, and some incredibly sumptuous aromas that were coming from the room behind her.

He stepped through the door, and she closed it behind him, wrapping her arms around him and kissing him before he had a chance to say anything. He returned her embrace with equal enthusiasm, and he had to hold her up because her legs got weak. When they finally broke for a breather, he stepped back to take in the vision standing in front of him. Every time he had seen her on campus over the last two decades he had been dressed like a hippy-artist. Now she was standing in front of him wearing a 'little black dress', sheer black hose and 4" open toed heels. Her hair was styled professionally and her makeup was absolute perfection. Her fingernails and toes were painted with the same blood red color as her lips. 'Wow, she's dressed to kill', he thought. 

Finally, he asked, "What have you prepared for dinner, Ms. MacKenzie, It smells amazing?" 

She replied, "Oh, just a little family recipe from my grandmother, Mamma Agatucci, Ossobuco, and Risotto la fungo. You're not allergic to mushrooms, are you?" 

"No, I'm not. I love Italian," he said, "I haven't smelled anything like this since I left home. My cousin Vinnie's family ran a restaurant in the Back Bay section of Boston, but most of the restaurants around here are Neapolitan. Your grandmother was Sicilian, wasn't she?"

"I'm happy you like southern Italian. I don't cook the old family dishes often enough. Most people out here in 'Cornfield Country' don't have the refined palate to appreciate Sicilian cooking." she said, and added. "Have a seat in the dining room, and I will serve you. Dinner is ready." He followed her into the small intimate dining room of her Condo where he saw a bottle of imported Moscato d'Asti had been uncorked and allowed to 'breathe'. 
