 He closed the car door behind him and came over to the driver's side and leaned on her open window. 

"You sure you don't want to come in for one beer?" he said.

She smiled. They'd gone out for a few drinks and had a lot of fun. She was congratulating herself on how well they'd both behaved given the history...the tension...the...them. And now this 

"Do I want to? Yes. But probably not a good idea," she said. 

"What if I absolutely promise you something?" he said, smiling back.

She turned off the ignition.

"What's that?" she said.

"What if I promise not to touch you?" he said.

"Really?" she said.

"You'd do that?" 

He smiled.

"Cross my heart," he said.

"Unless, of course, you ask me to. Then..." he said.

She laughed.

"That's fair enough," she said.

"Ok," she said.

++++ 

She'd settled in with a beer and felt his eyes on her. She met his with her own, and then looked away

"So, this was fun," she said.

"It was," he said.

The minutes of quiet dripped by like they were coming from a leaky faucet....loud....slow...anticipated.

"Stop looking at me like that," she said, not looking at him, taking a sip of her beer.

"Like...what?" he said.

She smiled.

"You know exactly like what," she said.

He moved to sit closer to her. She was wearing a long dress. She'd pulled her legs up under her. She turned to look at him.

"You promised," she said.

"I did, didn't I," he said.

Now he was looking at her mouth. He unconsciously licked his lips.

She felt her heart begin to pound.

She put her beer down.

"Ok...so...yeah," she said.

"Wait," he said.

"Nope. I can't do this. I've got to go," she said, grabbing her keys.

He quickly moved to stand in front of the door — her arm around him with her hand on the door knob. His arms were crossed.

"I'll let you leave under one condition," he said.

"LET me leave?" she said, laughing.

"Ok, boss, what's your condition?" she said.

"You have to come for me first," he said, smiling.

Her mouth dropped, as it often did with some of the unexpected things he said.

"Huh?" she said.

"You heard me," he said.

"But your promise!" she said.

"Oh, I don't have to touch you for that to happen. I think that's been proven...repeatedly," he said, smiling.

She blushed.

"I can't," she said.

"Yes, you can. And you know what else? You want to," he said.

Her eyes fluttered briefly and she anxiously tried to get a hold of it, but it was too late...he saw. Of course he did.

"Ah..there it is," he said.

"Stop. I can't do this. Let me go," she said.

"Sorry. That's my condition," he said, smiling again.

"You know, in some ways you have not changed one bit," she said, smiling in spite of herself.

"Not in this way....no. And neither have you. Which is why I know this is exactly what you want," he said.

Her eyes fluttered again.

"Stop," she said.

"Yeah? You want me to stop?" he said.

"Yes," she whispered.

"There's only going to be one way to get me to. So why don't we get on with it, shall we?" he said.

She couldn't believe she was seriously contemplating this. But his voice was like honey. Slippery honey that always drew out this delicious inevitability within her. Made everything soooo easy. Especially...this.

He went to take her hand...and she went to grab it.

"Oops!" he said.

"Can't have that! Promise and all!" he said, winking at her. She laughed.

"That's true," she said.

"Come on," he said. She dropped her keys, and followed him. Just like she knew she would from the beginning.

++++

They stood in front of his bed.

"I can't do it," she said.

He moved to stand behind her. She could feel his warmth so close.

"Yeah...yeah you can," he said.

"Otherwise you can never leave. People will start thinking you were kidnapped," he said.

She laughed.

"Technically I have been," she said.

"Yes, I guess you have," he whispered, still behind her.

"But I don't see you killing yourself to escape, either," he said.

She closed her eyes.

"This way you get to blame it all on the bad influence...right?" he whispered.

"Don't," she whispered back, closing her eyes.

"Lie down," he said.

He shut off the light.

"Go ahead," he said.

She wanted him to touch her so fucking badly now. And she knew he knew it too. But she wasn't going to break.

She crawled onto the bed.

"That's it...just like that," he whispered...that voice.

She turned to lay on her back, the back of her hand over her eyes. 

"I can't," she said.

He moved to kneel by her ear at the head of the bed.

"Yes....," he whispered.

"Yes, you can...," he said.

"Think about where you would want my hands..if they weren't bound by a promise," he said

"Shhhh. Shut up," she said Her hips moved on the bed.

Everywhere..she thought to herself.

"You want them everywhere...don't you?" he whispered, reading her mind as always.

She bit her lip. She knew he liked her lips.

"I want to do that," he whispered.

She turned to look in his eyes, look at his mouth. Her hands made fists on the bedspread.

Her long sundress had a deep v neck. Her hands moved to it. 

"Yeah...that's it," he said.

She moved her hands over her breasts, then up into the neck of her sundress and pulled it down over her shoulders. She found her nipples through her bra and squeezed gently. Her back arched and she sighed.

Now he bit his lip, invisibly to her, with her eyes screwed shut.

"Does that feel good?" he whispered.

She nodded, on the road to not being able to speak.

She worked her nipples now, tight and hard, and her breathing was getting faster.

"Wait," he said.

She turned to look at him again, questioning with glazed over eyes.

She watched him move to the bottom of her sundress with her breathing reaching a frantic place. Carefully, slowly, without touching her skin, but soooo close, he pulled it up her legs, past her hips, and she lifted her arms to let him pull it entirely off.

"Easier, isn't it?" he said, smiling.

Now in just her bra and panties, more naked than he'd seen her in a really long time — she was self-conscious until she saw his eyes on her. Saw them move over her. The hunger in them told her she had nothing to fear — but herself.

"Yes," she breathed. Her knees up now, open, she was losing reason and leaning to sensory existence.

"I can't take you watching this," she breathed. 

"Do it," he whispered.

"Do it now. Come for me," he said.

Her breathing caught in her throat. She pulled the straps of her bra down, exposing her hardened, hard nipples. His hands tightened into fists. He was not going to be able to control himself much longer and she knew it. The feverish atmosphere sent her over the edge.

Her hands moved over her nipples, her fingers tightening, twisting, and her gasps grew louder....something he hadn't heard in a long, long time. Their stolen moments were so quiet and whispered — still delicious but not like this.

Her hands moved down now, reaching between her legs, finding her clit through her panties, teasing and stroking it, and her gasps turned to ragged sighs now. She was on the edge, he could sense it. 

He got up and stood at the foot of the bed and she opened her eyes to look at him in a combination of panic and heat — trapped in the most intense way. He reached now to hook his fingers into the sides of her panties, barely touching her but almost. And slid them off....slowly...so slowly...exposing her soaking wet pussy. 

Again, she covered her eyes with her hand.

"Don't...," she said.

"Don't what?" he whispered.

They stood in silence for a minute. Hearts thundering. She sat up now, hair spilling over her face in a mess. Her eyes were primal. She leaned on her hands. Her legs open.

"Touch me," she whispered.

He smiled.

"I'm sorry...what?" he said back.

"I said....," she whispered.

She took his hand in hers, and moved it to her lips.

"Touch...me...," she said.

His fingers traced her lips under her hand, teasing her lower lip, easing it open to her welcoming, wet mouth, her tongue eagerly finding two of his fingers and drawing them in, sucking on them, quietly moaning

She moved to her knees on the bed now and pulled his shirt over his head. Time blended together as he swiftly moved to unhook the remaining coverage of her bra from her back and bent his mouth to hers. She hooked her arms around his neck like she was drowning. 

Just short of their mouths meeting, they hesitated, his fingers working her nipples, both breathing so fast. Twenty years vanished and they were blasting a car radio, rolling in the back seat of a car, hungry for more...more...the edge of a volcano that was about to erupt. 

He teased her mouth with his. 

"You didn't come for me yet," he said.

She opened her eyes lazily, smiling.

"Trust me.....," she whispered, and their teasing mouths met, opened, slowly, gently, tongues teasing and twisting, as her fingers found the button of his pants, opened it and pulled everything out of the way to find his hard cock. The first one that had ever been for her — and in some ways would always be.

The feeling of it in her hands while he was kissing her was too much. She pulled from his mouth and pulled him down on the bed on his back. She climbed over him, straddling him.

"Hey...," he whispered, smiling.

She pushed her hands down on his arms, holding them over his head.

She smiled.

"I'm in charge now," she whispered.

"Enjoy it while it lasts," he said, smiling.

"YOU enjoy it," she said. She leaned to his mouth again, licking it, moving down his body, to his nipples. She dug her fingers into his forearms, rubbing her nipples against his belly while she worked one nipple with her tongue, making hot, wet circles, taking it in her teeth, and then the other. 

His sharp intake of breath drove her urgently forward, and she moved up against him, holding her breast in her hand, to rub her hard nipple against his, hard and wet from her mouth. The sensation drew ragged gasps from both of them.

"Oh.... Fuck yeah," she whispered. His fingers dug into her hair, and her mouth moved down now, down over his belly, licking his belly, ravenous. 

Her mouth found his dick now, and she was almost too overwhelmed with the erotic charge to do it..but she glanced up at him and said...

"What were you saying? I haven't come yet?" 

His eyes fluttered back.

"Get ready," she whispered.

She took his dick in her worshipful hands, holding it, licking the tip of it in a circle, slow, slow circle, until she eased it slowly....slowly.... into her mouth.

She came immediately. He could feel it. He could hear it. She was sliding his cock in and out of her mouth and he could see she was riding out a shuddering orgasm as her tongue worked his shaft, up and down. In and out. In and out. Just the right pace, Getting only a tiny bit faster, every time, he watched her eyelids twitch as she stroked his balls, getting more aggressive, licking, sucking, moaning.

She worked it in and out of her mouth, only stopping to stroke him and lick his balls until she couldn't hold herself back and was on him again, working it, working it, tasting him salty and ready on her tongue, spinning her tongue on the tip of his dick while she stroked up and down with her hand. His fingers tight in her hair, pulling, pulling harder.

She dropped to the floor, pulling him to his feet.

"Fuck my mouth," she said.

"Oh, God, yeah...," he said. 

She dug her fingers into his thighs as he took her hair in his hands and fucked her mouth, steady, even strokes, harder, her mouth hot, wet, hungry, begging for it. 

"Here it comes.....," he whispered.

"Get ready," he said.

Her eyes fluttered and she came again. He could hear her moaning into his dick.

Three, two.....one and "Oh.......fuck..... yeah..." he whispered.

She held tightly to him for as long as she could, until he was entirely done. He pulled away. She looked up at him, smiling, licking her lips.

"Oh yeah?" he said.

"Oh...yeah," she said.

He was still hard. He pulled her up roughly and tossed her back on the bed.

She laughed.

"I'm in charge now," he said.

Her eyes fluttered and in momentary panic she backed away on the bed.

"Fuck that," he said, yanking her kicking legs back to him.

He held her hands over her head, and leaned down over her, looking directly into her eyes.

His right hand moved down her inner thigh.

"The next time I tell you to come, you do as your told," he said. 

She laughed but it caught in her throat as his fingers found her, hot, and soakingly, dripping wet. 

"No...no...no!" she said, trying to fight.

"Oh ....yes. Holy shit, you are so....fucking wet," he said.

He slid two fingers in her, fast, and hard.

"This is how you like it, isn't it? I remember....," he said, smiling.

It took less than a second before she was arching her back, sighs bordering on screams, gasping, pounding the bed with her fists, coming. And coming. And coming.

"Thaaat's it...," he said.

"Shut up!," she said.

"Please, SHUT UP," she sad.

"Oh, no...I'm in charge now. Your job is coming. Again..now," he said.

His fingers worked a steady rhythm in her, over and over, until he stopped, pulling away, and lifted her pussy to his mouth.

"Oh GOD! No. Don't!," she said.

He smiled at her, and buried his mouth in her soft, wet pussy, lapping at her clit, opening her with his tongue, and he had to hold her so tightly to him because she came so violently he thought she might get away.

Her back arched, her moans finally gave out to the scream he'd been waiting for, long....loud.....reaching into his heart and down into his once-again throbbing dick.

And there was only thing he wanted now. She read his mind.

She kicked him away, and lying on the bed, her bare pussy open for him, she asked him for what she wanted.

"Please....please.....," she said.

"Please what...?" he said, already moving between her legs.

"FUCK me," she whispered, her fingers already digging crescents into his back.

"Yeah.....that's what you want?" he whispered.

They were eyes to eyes now, this moment. Waiting for this moment. Waiting for what felt like a century for this moment. It was finally here.

"Oh my God....yes," she whispered, teasing his mouth with hers.

"Are you sure?" he said, and she could feel the tip of his dick teasing her, opening her aching pussy. Almost there...almost.

"Now...now, please," she said.

His tongue took hers as he slid slowly inside her....the explosion was immediate. He wanted to go slow, gently but it was fucking impossible.

She wrapped her legs around his hips and he mercilessly rocked into her, fast, even, deep, harder. Her fingers raked scratches into his back and he loved it. Welcomed it.

Then he stopped, smiling at her.

"Are you sure this is what you want?" he whispered.

She was dying, so close to her own explosion.

"Yes! Please....," she begged.

"Well..," he whispered.

She slapped his face without thinking.

"Oh....that's where we're going?" he said.

"Oh...God...I'm sorry," she said.

"One more time, and your brains will be fucked out. That's a promise," he whispered into her mouth.

She gasped. And slapped him. 

Hard.

It was like a starting gun and it was all he needed to finish her fast and good. So good. He fucked her faster, faster, harder, until he knew he was there.

"Oh God, here it comes...," he gasped.

"Come on, baby, me too," she whispered.

They collapsed on the bed after. Quiet. Arms around each other.

Until they both began to quietly laugh.

"So yeah, that went well," she whispered.

He laughed.

"Yes, drinks were fun!" he said.

She laughed.

++++

She stood at the door to say goodbye. She hugged him.

"That was amazing...but how about we promise that was it...just this one time...to get it out of our system... a real promise?" she said.

"Oh, of course," he said, smiling. 

"I promise...," he said.

She kissed him goodbye.

He caught her arm on the way out, and turned her back to him. He kissed her forehead.

"Goodbye....," he said, smiling.

As the door closed behind her, he thought about his fingers crossed behind his back during his promise...and walked back into the kitchen.... Whistling and smiling. 

THE END