 I went to a promotion party this Friday at a casino not far from where I live. Several people who has received promotions recently had pooled their money and rented out one of the nicer bars at the casino for the evening. They had eats and all the booze you could handle. Being conscious of our company's policy on DUI's, they also advertised that several local hotels would give a discount to those who booked rooms for the night of the event. A lot of people took up the offer and got rooms. 

The festivities started at about 630pm and by 8pm, all the kiddies (yeah it was a family affair) had cleared out and left only adults. By 9pm, all the company brass had cleared out and left only those who wanted to seriously party. And party we did! A friend of mine, Ron had taken his wife and kids back to their hotel room and was back to get some serious drinking done. I tell you we were dancing, joking around, and doing some serious drinking with all the drinking games you can imagine. These two girls who worked in other divisions of our organization, Julie and Melanie, were pretty far gone but then again, so were just about everyone else. Julie is about four inches taller than me and had small tits but a great body. Melanie was about my height, had a little bit more tits than Julie, and a nice round ass. Julie works a couple of cubicles down from me so I see her almost every day. I must admit, I've fantasized about her when she walks by some times. Melanie works as a webmaster (webmistress?) and downstairs. Melanie and I got to know each other when I worked with her on the web page section for my division. 

Let me get back on track. Ron said he didn't like too much ass so he paired up with Julie when the dancing started. Melanie and I paired up. We were having a great time dancing and people started getting wilder as the night went on. I never thought that I'd see people I work with get so wild. One of the promotees, Rachel, had dressed up as a dance hall girl and she started doing a strip tease with her husband urging her on. A couple of the other girls also got into the act and before you knew it, there were half a dozen girls taking off their clothes. Julie and Melanie were in that group. The management called a halt to the proceeding when a topless Rachel had her husband start sucking on her tits on stage. It was pretty wild. We started dancing again but this time the slow dances were getting pretty interesting. Melanie started handling my package on the dance floor and complimented me on how good it felt. Julie came over with Ron and she grabbed a hold of me also agreeing with Melanie after she had mentioned it to her. They both then started evaluating Ron.

We kept dancing, drinking, and making out until about 1030pm when most everyone had left. Since the booze was free, Melanie talked the bartender into giving her a bottle of tequila and Jack to take with her. Melanie and Julie had also gotten a room at a different hotel than where Ron was staying and they suggested that we go to their room (which was a suite) and keep partying. Carl and Rachel were also invited so the six of us left. When we got to the hotel room and after some more drinking, we decided to play spin the bottle and the rules were that whoever spun the bottle would have to do whatever the person to their left said to the person the bottle was pointing to. I knew it was going to be a great night when Julie spun the bottle and landed on Melanie. Carl then told Julie that she had to French kiss Melanie. Without hesitation, they went at it. I won't bore you with the details but there was a lot of groping and kissing going on for about a half-hour between the guys and the girls. That was until Julie spun the bottle and landed on Ron. Carl told her to suck Ron off and she jumped up, grabbed Ron and led him to the bedroom. The rest of us just sat there for a minute or two waiting to see if either of them would come out right away. 

When they were in the bedroom for a few minutes, Carl and Rachel started making out to the point that he again had her top off and was sucking on her tits. Melanie and I started making out as well. Carl got up and announced that he had to go fuck his wife and they both left leaving Melanie and me alone in the living room and Ron and Julie doing whatever in the bedroom. Melanie grabbed the bottle and pointed at me and told me that since it landed on me and that I was to her left, I had to tell her what to do. You guessed it, I told her to give me a blowjob. She got up, took all her clothes off and pulled down my pants. She went right to work on my cock. Man oh man, was she ever good! In between slurps, I managed to get out of my clothes and started playing with her tits as she went to town on my cock. 

OK, here's the part where you yell "BULLSHIT!" so loud that I'll probably hear you. Julie walks into the room with a shit eating grin and can't help but to see Melanie kneeling between my legs and working my cock over. She was just wearing panties and her top. Julie says, "I want some!" and proceeds to help Melanie work my tool. I swear to God, this is the first time I ever had to girls working on my cock at the same time. I was close to busting a nut with Melanie sucking me off in her expert way but when Julie joined in, I knew I wouldn't last long at all. To look down and see two girls alternately sucking and licking my cock and balls was too much. I told them I was going to lose it and Melanie just grabbed hold and started sucking me harder. I busted nut like I never busted one before. Melanie took the bulk of my cum but Julie joined in to like some off my cock as well. 

Melanie finished eating my cum and announce "My turn!" She sat down on the couch next to me and I traded places with her. Julie sat down next to Melanie but closed her eyes and seemed to pass out. I started eating out Melanie with all the enthusiasm and consciousness of what made her feel good in an attempt to reciprocate the tremendous blowjob she had just given me. In short order, she was moaning and trying to stuff my head into her pussy. I knew she was enjoying herself as much as I was enjoying eating her out. I kept eating her out for about ten minutes with Melanie moaning louder and shaking with each subsequent orgasm. I lost count of how many orgasms she had as I ate her out. With a final "OH SHIT!” Melanie started jerking through a huge orgasm. She was so loud that I was afraid that someone might call the cops on us. She also managed to rouse Julie from her stupor. 

"What's all the noise?" she asked still groggy from the alcohol. "Man this guy is good at eating pussy!" she said. "Really? Well eat me!" Julie said. I didn't need to be told twice and switched my attention to Julie. I pulled her panties down and started eating her out with the same enthusiasm that I had eaten Melanie with. I took a little longer to get Julie going but I figured it was because of the alcohol. In short order, however, she was squirming, moaning, and trying to stuff my face into her pussy just as Melanie tried. Ron walked in just as I had Julie going and announced that he was heading back to his hotel room and walked out. I hardly missed a lick asking him to call me the next day. Eating Julie out was also turning me on since I had, as I mentioned earlier, fantasized about fucking her. Julie had one last convulsion of an orgasm before closing her eyes once more. 

Melanie had gone to the bathroom to brush her teeth while I was eating Julie out and had gone into the bedroom. I got up from Julie and went to see if Melanie was all right. Melanie was lying in bed facing the door and seemed to be asleep. I walked up to her and asked her if she was all right. She just reached up and pulled me down to the bed with her. We started making out once more and before long, she said, "Are you going to fuck me or what?" "No, you're going to fuck me" I answered. I lay back on the bed and pulled her on top of me. Melanie grabbed me dick and guided it into her wet pussy. In one fluid motion, she stuffed my cock into her pussy and started fucking me. It was slow and steady for the first few minutes but then she picked up the pace and really started fucking me and yelping that she was going to come. She did and collapsed on the bed next to me. 

Melanie was ready for sleep having been duly fucked but I was ready for more. I went back into the living room to find Julie still in the same position as when I left her. I decided to wake her up by sucking on her little tits. I opened out her shirt and went to town on them little puppies. Julie woke up and asked, "Still want more?" "Yeah, I still want to fuck you." I answered. Julie just smiled and spread her legs wide. I pulled her closer to the edge of the sofa and guided my cock into her perfectly opened pussy. She was tighter that Melanie and it felt really good. I grabbed Julie's legs from under her knees and lifted them up and out to give me a better angle at her pussy and to get a better view of my cock going in and out of her. My fantasy was coming true! Every time I stuck my cock into her little titties would jiggle. It was such a turn on! Having cum earlier, I knew I could keep fucking her like this for a while. I kept pounding her pussy through a couple of orgasms never slowing down on my pace. 

I finally felt, after about ten to fifteen minutes, that great feeling coming up from my nut sack that I was about to blow my load again. It was a bitter sweet feeling since I wanted to bust a load into Julie but also disappointing because her pussy felt so good on my cock. I decided to let nature take its course and just keep fucking her until I came. It was only a minute later when me cock started erupting once more into Julie's pussy. Julie came the moment my first gush hit her pussy and grabbed my waist to pull me inside her. After the feeling of pleasure subsided in me, I pulled my now half-limp cock out of her pussy. Julie just closed her eyes once more and seemed to drift away. I got dressed and very reluctantly left their room. 

I called Julie the next day at her apartment back in town and left a message asking her to call me the next day. I didn't hear from her that weekend and thought that she was still trying to get over her hangover. Monday, when we both went to work, she came by my cubicle and asked if I could spare a few minutes to speak with her and Melanie. We met over lunch at our snack bar where she related to me that both of them had had a bit too much to drink and weren’t really responsible for their actions. I told them that what happened would never be heard at or work place. They felt relieved and thanked me for understanding. We finished our lunch as we departed to go to our cubicles, Julie grabbed my hand and asked "Do you want some company tonight?"