 New York is not an easy place to live. Anyone who says otherwise was either born with a big silver spoon in their mouth or is lying to make you feel like shit. Sure, there's a certain exhilaration that comes with the work, the competition, the glittering mirage of success always just out of your grasp. But sometimes it's a real goddamned grind.

Things have not gone as I expected them to since I arrived here with stars in my eyes. My first years were filled with hope and optimism. I was studying on a full scholarship, living in the dorms, eating on a meal plan. I could have done it forever. I loved school, loved learning. Loved history, especially medieval history. So what if my particular area of interest had no real world application? I'd keep going. Maybe all the way to a Ph D.

So when I got into a great grad school - I mean one of the best in the world - and I couldn't pay for it... what choice did I really have? Of course I was going to take out the loans. I'd tighten my belt. I'd figure it out later. Things always had a way of working out, I thought. I was going to publish someday. I was going to be a great teacher.

It was while I was in grad school that I met my wife, Emily. 

She was a grad student too at the time, studying art history. There was so much I liked about her. She was intimidated by no one, and could match wits with anyone. And of course she was stunningly beautiful. Tall, with jet black hair and creamy skin. Big, dark almond eyes. No girl could match her, I thought. Everything she did was completely elegant. She was the paragon of women. And I should know - I had known quite a few. But the thing that most intoxicated me was she wasn't impressed by me in the slightest.

You have to understand. Never in my life have I had any real trouble getting a girl. It was so easy for me to fall in love, and pretty girls in the city were absolutely everywhere. Sure, it wasn't always easy, but what I loved the most was the thrill of the chase, and that feeling of complete satisfaction when I finally make a girl mine for the night. I was having enough sex to get myself something of a reputation on campus - one I wasn't entirely ashamed of... but one that made Emily turn her nose up at me... which in turn fueled my infatuation.

It was a hellish cycle.

As soon as I had myself convinced that I'd never get anywhere with her, as soon as I returned to a carefree life of meaningless hookups with pretty girls... I'd run into her at a party, or a hallway, or the library. She'd look at me with those big dark eyes with something like disappointment. But something else too. I was convinced I saw desire. That look told me she wanted me just as much as I wanted her! But she was utterly unwilling to compromise or bend even a little bit. That look would keep me up at night. I'd swear off any other woman if it meant I could have her.

Finally, finally, finally one warm spring night I put it all on the line. I saw her walking home through campus, alone. I caught up to her and managed one word: "Please..."

"What?" she answered curtly, not looking at me.

My heart was pounding. I wasn't exactly sure what it was I was begging for.

"Let me talk to you," I tried.

She was looking at me now with those big dark eyes, and I was swimming in them.

"If I have the wrong impression-" I began carefully, "Tell me off now and I won't bother you again."

"Wrong impression of what?"

I had to take a moment before I could speak again. I could not believe how pathetically nervous I was being at the moment.

"I don't- think you hate me."

Wow. Internally I cringed but tried hard to keep a confident face.

"I don't hate you, Jon." she confirmed.

"Well I love you," I blurted out stupidly. Jesus Christ. Was it true? I didn't even know what love was! Never had a relationship, never wanted one. What was I saying?

"No you don't," she said simply, and with a roll of her eyes she started walking.

"No, you don't understand-"

"I'm not one of those silly girls who spreads her legs every time a man says 'I love you'. So goodnight."

Spreads her... legs? Oh, the picture she had just put in my head! And I was supposed to just let her walk away now? No. Was it intentional? Did she say that just to drive me crazy?

"I can't stop thinking about you."

"Must be difficult."

"What would it take for you to give me a chance?"

She stopped. I could feel my heart pounding down to the tips of my fingers.

"I'm not interested in just taking you home and never seeing you again," I muttered, utterly astonished at what had just come out of my mouth.

She didn't say anything for a long, terrible moment.

"Really."

"Let me take you out for coffee," I persisted. "Or wherever you like. And I swear while I'm seeing you, there won't be another woman in the world."

She turned and looked me right in the eyes. "I don't really believe you're capable of that, do you?"

My heart sank.

"Don't think we girls don't talk to one another. You're used to getting what you want, aren't you? Without caring about the hearts you break along the way."

I couldn't exactly deny the accusation.

"I don't have time for that sort of thing," she continued simply.

"This will be different," I promised. "You're different."

"Oh sure," she said with a note of sadness.

"I'm an honest person," I insisted.

"I'm sure you are... in the moment," she sighed. "But where will you be tomorrow? Can you keep your promises? What will you do the next time you meet someone you want?"

"I don't know," I said honestly. "But I very much want to try to do this right."

Another awful silence. And then "Okay. I suppose that's the best I can expect from you."

I impulsively took her hand and kissed it.

"Just promise to be honest with me," she sighed. "And if it isn't working, tell me so. If you want someone else... Don't deceive me."

"I promise." 

I was completely under her spell.

"One more thing," she almost whispered. "I don't think coffee will be necessary. Walk me home now, if that's what you want."

I couldn't believe my fantastic luck. She did want me after all! Bad enough to take me home right then, immediately. I knew it. I could tell that she simmered with desire underneath that cool exterior. Perhaps as much as I did.

I kissed her soft lips hungrily, tasting the tiniest hint of cherry. She surrendered into my arms as my tongue parted her perfect lips.

I was going to fuck her. No. I was going to make love to her. At last! I was going to make her feel so good. I was going to satisfy her like no one had ever satisfied her. Make her so sure she had made the right choice by giving me a chance.

God I wanted to keep kissing her. But that desire was overruled by the urgency of getting her into bed. She already had me hard. I couldn't wait. Regretfully, I pulled away and tugged at her little hand. "Which way's home?"

She led the way, fondling my hand in hers as we walked. She didn't live far... within walking distance of campus in an old brownstone up on a hill right by the park... You could see the Hudson glittering through the trees. As we went up the stairs of her building, I asked in her ear if she lived alone. She nodded.

So, she had money. Not exactly a surprise.

When we reached her door, I could hardly restrain myself from putting my hands all over her body as she fiddled with the keys. A few seconds more...

As the door shut behind us, I pulled her towards me, stealing another taste of those soft lips. There was no time to take in the beauty of the place... I only wanted to find a bed. Or a couch. Hell, a rug would do. I could feel her breathing getting more heavy as I squeezed her round ass, pulling her close and rubbing her into my hard cock.

To my surprise, her little hands were soon fiddling with my belt buckle, undoing my pants and grasping my throbbing hardon. She moaned softly in my ear, clearly pleased with what she found. I pressed it against her hand, pumping slowly as I kissed her long creamy neck. My trembling fingers found the bottons of her blouse and as quickly as I could manage, undid them one by one starting from the top, revealing inch by tantalizing inch her chest.

She wore a lacy black bra, embroidered with little roses. Her breasts were perfect handfuls with dark hard nipples straining against the fabric. I wanted to taste them, and peeled back the black lace so my hot tongue could explore her for the first time.

Her sighs were so sweet as I licked her nipple with the tip of my tongue and the grip on my cock tightened. "You're so beautiful," I groaned. "I can't wait to taste the rest of you."

She was melting in my arms as I sucked her nipples one by one. Her moans grew louder as I sucked harder. I sensed she liked being treated roughly. In my experience, strong women often do. I gave her pert ass a sharp smack to test the theory and was rewarded with a loud moan and an urgent tug on my cock.

I pulled away from her. I had been waiting for this moment for so long, I had to be careful to savor every second. She looked at me with unmistakable hunger. I peeled her blouse off her shoulders and let it drop in a little pool off the floor. I admired her figure for a moment in just a pencil skirt and stockings, her bra torn down, slipping off her shoulders and exposing her hard nipples.

I reached down and traced a line with my finger up her silky stockings, pulling up the hem of her skirt and then letting it drop. She whimpered, yearning to be touched. I ran my hand up the back of her stocking, pulling up her skirt again and grabbing a handful of ass. "Is this what you want?" I asked her.

She nodded eagerly, staring right into my eyes. I grabbed her ass again roughly. "Say it. Say you want this."

"I want this," she repeated obediently. It made my cock throb hearing those words after months and months of getting nothing from her but a cold shoulder. I wanted to rip down her stockings and panties and shove my dick deep into her right there. But it was better to make her squirm. Better to make this slow.

I took my hand off her body and took a painful step back. I surveyed the room. Tasteful and elegantly decorated. Books and artwork. Not so different than how I had imagined it. Nearby was a long, velvety red couch. That's where I was going to fuck her, I decided.

Giving her my full attention again, I commanded, "Take off your stockings."

She kicked her shoes off, and peeled down her silky stockings inch by inch for me. Almost unconsciously, I started lightly stroking my cock through my underwear as I watched her. Her eyes locked on my hand rubbing my dick. I could tell from the look on her face that it was making her wet.

"And the skirt now."

Her skirt had a long zipper down the back. She turned around so I could watch from behind as she tugged the zipper all the way down over her lovely round ass. The skirt fell away leaving only her black lacy panties.

"Good. Now get on the couch."

She turned back towards me and I got my first glimpse of her pussy through the sheer fabric of her panties as she climbed up on the couch.

"Lean back," I said, running my fingers up and down my cock. "And spread your legs."

Without any resistance she obeyed. And what a sight to behold! I couldn't hold myself back any longer. I walked towards her and tugged off her panties and opened her legs up wider.

She was wet for me alright. And quivering for some release. Her pussy was the most beautiful I had ever seen, pink and shining. I felt up her legs with the tips of my fingers eagerly. Every time I got close to her dripping cunt she'd lift her hips towards me out of pure, animalistic desire.

"Please," she whined.

"Please what?"

"Touch me," she begged.

It was impossible to resist. I lightly dipped my index finger into her wetness and traced it up to her little pink bud. Just touching her clit ever so gently made her sigh out loud. I pulled my finger back and took her in again, all disheveled and breath heaving with desire.

"This is going to be the first time I make you cum," I told her. "Are you ready?"

"Please," she moaned again. "Yes. Please."

I kneeled down in front of her, parting her legs a little further. I kissed the insides of her thighs making her squirm, all the way up to her beautiful cunt. But when I got there, I pulled back, making her moan in agony.

"Don't tease me anymore," she begged. "I want to cum."

Mercifully, I parted her pussy lips with my tongue, licking her from the bottom to the top of her clit. "Yes," she moaned. "Oh God, yes."

I loved eating pussy, but this had to be the tastiest pussy I've ever had. I licked her cunt eagerly as her hips ground gently into my face. Long strokes at first but then I started to concentrate especially on her little clit. I sucked it and teased it with flicks of my tongue until she had completely lost herself in ecstasy. I took a big handful of her ass and then plunged my tongue deep. She grabbed me by the hair as her cries got higher and higher. She was so close. I licked her hard, eagerly, fast again and again until she was screaming and pulling my hair. "I'm cumming, oh GOD!"

She came hard, her pussy quivering and her hips bucking. I didn't relent, just kept licking her until she tried to squirm away. Even then I grabbed her by the ass and forced her to endure this pleasure to the very end.

As her cries finally died down, I wiped my mouth on her creamy thigh. Her breath was ragged, her eyes closed tight. She looked utterly wrecked and powerless now.

"Beautiful," I whispered, as I unbuttoned my shirt. She opened her eyes and sighed as she watched me undress. My pants hit the floor and then my underwear, fully exposing to her my hard pulsing cock. She bit her lip as she stared at it, dripping with precum. Deciding to give her a bit of a show I gave it a few long strokes with my hand.

"I'm going to fuck you now," I told her. "Are you ready?"

She nodded.

"Say it."

"Fuck me."

Oh hearing it from those perfect lips was so filthy. She was always so distant, so perfect. And now here she was begging me to fuck her at last.

I climbed up onto the couch with her, dipping the tip of my cock into her sopping wet cunt. She moaned in pleasure as I rubbed my cock between her pussy lips, getting it wet with her cum before finally shoving it into her hole.

She moaned in total surrender as I slowly filled up her cunt with my big cock inch by inch until I was all the way in. Desiring to go even deeper, I grabbed her legs and put them above my shoulder as I plunged all the way and felt the tip of my cock rub against her cervix. She cried out in a mixture of pleasure and pain and I slowly pulled most of the way out again.

"Your cock..." she babbled. "Oh God it-"

"Uh-huh," I said as I plunged back into her.

"Oh! It's so big it- it feels so good."

"Has anyone ever fucked you deep like this before?" I asked. She shook her head as I slowly withdrew.

"Don't stop. Please."

Obliging I shoved my cock in with sudden speed and force. She moaned loudly and I could feel her shuddering and cumming again all over my dick. Jesus, it was hot and it felt so good. 

Grabbing her by the hips I started to fuck her in earnest now, slamming her cunt again and again. Finally, finally, finally she was completely mine. I loved looking at her face in total helpless ecstasy as I finally used her cunt for my pleasure. Her tight, slick hole felt so fucking good. Her legs were shaking and it seemed as if as soon as she came down from one orgasm she'd start cumming all over again. 

Faster, harder I fucked her, not giving her a chance to even catch her breath. She was screaming to God, begging for mercy as I drilled into her. I was groaning too. I couldn't take this much longer either. I could feel my balls tighten and I warned her...

"I'm gonna cum-"

"Yes."

"I'm gonna cum inside you."

"Yes- do it!"

I grabbed her tit and unloaded into her, thrusting deep. She cried out as an enormous wave of pleasure overtook my whole body. This was the best feeling. The most incredible orgasm. Fucking yes. Fucking finally. 

I collapsed on top of her, and she whimpered one final time as I withdrew my dick from her body. I gratefully kissed her chest as she caught her breath. I swear I saw a tear streaming down her serene face. She looked so relaxed. So well fucked.

"Now I know what all the fuss is about," she muttered.

"There's so much more I want to do to you," I promised, resting my head on her chest.

She sighed and laughed, running her hand through my hair. "We have plenty of time," she assured me. And the last thing I remember thinking before drifting off into the most peaceful sleep I had ever felt was that it would be easy to keep my promise to her. That she was the only woman I would ever need.

It wasn't until much later that I considered that maybe I wasn't the seducer that night, but the seduced. I was so deeply bewitched by her, utterly addicted to her body, that I started to lose myself without even realizing it. I would do absolutely anything, as long as I got to keep fucking her.

A few years later, we were married. My plans to finish my Ph D had to be put on pause. We needed every little bit of money and couldn't afford any more student loans. She had expensive taste. She wanted to open her own art gallery and me... it was never about what I wanted after that night.

I quickly learned that she was the one with the real power. She was the one with the real self control. Any time I stepped out of line, I was punished for it. She wouldn't give in to my insatiable desire for her until she had her way, and so I was enslaved by that perfect cunt.

At least until I found a way to break free.