 Bo and Amanda had been dating for a little over a year. He had been smitten the first time he'd laid eyes on her. She was about 5'6", slender, with long, straight brown, hair, a beautiful complexion, and clear blue eyes. She was lithe and graceful, and had a playful sense of humor and a sweetness that he loved. When he'd begun going out with her, she'd let him know that didn't want anything physical; that she expected him to keep his hands to himself and be a perfect gentleman. This drove Bo nuts. He was a bit older than she, 30 to her 22, and unknown to her, he was experienced sexually. He'd tried on several occasions to push Amanda's limits physically, but she'd always nicely but firmly rebuffed his advances. He'd begun to think that he would never get anywhere with her until he'd met Amanda's best friend, Whysper. 

Amanda and Whysper had been friends since grade school. After high school, they'd gone to separate colleges, but had kept in touch and seen each other during school breaks and the like. Whysper was a couple of inches shorter than Amanda. She also had dark straight hair, but she had more curves. It was obvious to Bo that she had at least C-cup breasts and a sweet ass. However, Bo's first impression of Whysper was that she was cut from the same cloth as Amanda: sweet and pretty, but very demure and not interested in sex. That impression had changed abruptly one June afternoon. 

Bo had gotten home from work after a long day and realized he was in need of a shower. He had been outside checking on numerous jobs that day and the heat and humidity had taken their toll. He'd peeled off his clothes and stepped under the warm mist. He'd washed his hair and body and was rinsing off when he nearly jumped out of his skin as the shower curtain was pulled back. The sight he saw almost made his eyes pop out of his head. Whysper stepped into the shower with him wearing nothing but a smile. 

"What the?" he stuttered, "how did you? What?"

Whysper smiled and presses a finger to his lips, "Shh," she said softly, "Don't talk, just enjoy."

With that, she stepped under the rushing water, making her body glisten with water. Alarm bells were ringing in Bo's head. He knew he should get out of the shower now and get away from this situation. However, his penis was already getting thick from the site of Whysper's beautiful, wet body. When she took his hands and pulled him into a deep embrace, Bo was lost. She kissed him deeply as she pressed her breasts against his chest, swaying seductively. His penis was growing rapidly and was already pressing against her slit. His hands moved over her now, and feeling the softness of her body pressing against his was making him wild with desire. 

After several minutes, Whysper guided Bo to sit on the ledge at the back of the tub. She stared at him with her big, dark eyes as she knelt in front of him. He was mesmerized as she moved between his legs and, still staring into his eyes, began to lick on his rigid shaft. Whysper's fingers stroked his thighs, heightening Bo's pleasure as she circled his engorged head with her tongue and then began to suck on the tip. He groaned as she began to bob slowly up and down on his erection, taking more and more into her mouth with each stroke. Bo moaned and tried to slow his ragged breathing. Whysper's head bobbed up and down more quickly on his stiff cock and Bo could do nothing but groan. He was incredibly hard now and knew that he couldn't take a whole lot more. Whysper obviously sensed this and suddenly stopped her bobbing. She smiled, licked her lips, and then took just the head in her mouth, licking and sucking it in tempo with her hand which was now stroking his shaft. Bo moaned loudly now, bucking his hips and arching his back as the intense pleasure wound him tighter and tighter. 

He panted raggedly, "I'm gonna cum." 

Whysper just smiled and leaned back just a little as she began to stroke his penis faster from the head to the base of the shaft. Her hand moved faster and his pleasure grew more intense by the second. The cum rose from Bo's balls and he groaned loudly as he tried to hold it back just a little longer. 

"Cum on my titties, Bo," Whysper purred softly.

Bo didn't keep her waiting long. His eyes closed and his body tensed as he reached the point of no return. His penis bucked and then three huge strings of cum shot out of it landing on Whysper's heaving breasts and chest. More cum followed, gushing from his pumping cock onto Whsper's hand. Bo moaned in ecstacy as Whysper milked his erection. She smiled at him as she began to knead the cum on her breasts. 

"Oh my god," breathed Bo. 

Whysper just smiled, and leaned back, letting the warm water wash her body. After several minutes, she sat up and offered him her hands. He stood and pulled her to her feet. Whysper turned and shut off the shower, then looked at him coyly and asked, "Could I borrow a towel?"

He chuckled as he stepped out of the shower and offered her his hand. She stepped out after him and Bo opened the linen closet and tossed Whysper a towel. They had dried themselves in silence. Bo was still a little overwhelmed by what had happened and Whysper didn't seem inclined to offer an explanation. Her clothes were folded neatly on his bed and she dressed quickly as he watched her. 

She stood on her tiptoes and gave him a quick kiss. "Gotta go now," she said, "You're having dinner with Amanda at 7 tomorrow night aren't you."

Bo nodded and Whysper smiled, "Enjoy it, but be home by 10. I have something I want to talk about with you." Bo started to ask what, but she shook her head playfully and simply said, "Tomorrow," and with that she was gone. 

Bo finished dressing, his head still spinning from the sudden, unexpected encounter with his girlfriend's best friend. Whysper had always been friendly to him, but she had never flirted or shown any inkling of the vixen he'd just witnessed. Even now, his cock twitched when he thought of the sight of her sucking on his penis. His thoughts went to Amanda. Obviously, he couldn't tell her what had happened. She'd be devastated at the betrayal by both he and Whysper. He had slept fitfully that night, his mind whirling on the events of that afternoon and it's implications for his relationship with Amanda. The next day had passed quickly. Work had been a bear and had mercifully taken his mind off of the matter. However, that night as he drove to Amanda's apartment for dinner, he wondered if she'd be able to tell something was different. Thankfully, she didn't seem to sense anything wrong. She chatted animatedly about her day at the daycare over their meal. He was struck as he always was by her beauty and her innocence. He felt protective of her, but also longed to seduce her and make her his own sexually. Like most nights, the evening ended with her giving him an affectionate hug and accepting a peck on the cheek from him. 

As Bo drove home, his thoughts turned to Whysper. It was 9:30 and he wondered if she would be back as she had promised. He arrived home, turned on the porch light, and decided to pull out a bottle of wine. At 10:05, he was beginning to think that she wasn't going to show, but a minute later the doorbell rang. He answered it and there stood Whysper with a playful smile on her face. 

"Hi there," she cooed, "Think I wasn't coming?" 

"Crossed my mind," he said as she stepped inside.

"I bet I'm worth waiting for," she said playfully. Whysper was wearing an oversized jacket. Her legs were bare and it looked for all the world like she had nothing else on but a pair of flip flops. She noticed him checking her out and smiled. Bo blushed slightly and turned toward the kitchen. 

"Would you like a glass of wine?" he asked. 

"Mmm, I'd love some," she responded. 

Bo poured them both a glass and handed her one. 

"Cheers," she said softly and took a sip.

"Cheers," said Bo also taking a drink. 

Whysper drained her glass, up the wine bottle and headed for the bedroom. She beckoned him with a finger, "C'mon."

Bo drained his glass and followed her, wondering what was to come. Whysper turned the light on it's lowest setting then turned to face him as she took a long pull from the wine bottle. She handed him the bottle and he took a pull on it as she began to unbutton her jacket. She shrugged out of it and Bo nearly choked. Beneath it Whysper was wearing only a white lace bra and panties. He smiled.

Whysper giggled as she took the wine bottle back and took another drink. "Like what you see baby?" she cooed. Bo nodded. 

"Somebody's wearing too many clothes," Whysper said. She handed him the bottle back and stepped close to him. Bo took a long pull as she began to unbutton his shirt. He put the bottle to Whysper's mouth and gave her a drink as she tugged his shirt off and began to unbuckle his belt. Bo took another pull as Whysper got his fly open and practically flung his pants and boxers to the floor. Bo stepped out of them and shrugged out of his shirt. Whysper took another long drink of the wine and handed him the nearly empty bottle. 

"Finish it," she said huskily. Bo turned it up and drained it, then set it on the dresser as Whysper pressed herself against him. She kissed him deeply and he responded, letting his hands move over her back and arms, sliding down to cup her ass through the thin lace panties. She signed softly as her tongue teased his. Bo's fingers move back up and found the clasp to her bra, unhooking it. She steps back and shrugs out of it in one quick motion. They embrace again, her heavy warm breasts pressed to his chest. Bo's erection was growing steadily. They both reach for Whysper's panties at the same time. 

"Take 'em off dammit," she moaned. Bo did, pushing them to the floor in one motion. They embraced again, writhing against each other, their arousal building. Whysper pushed Bo back so that he fell back on the bed, then climbed on after him. Her tongue found his penis and she began to lick his head and erect shaft. Bo moaned as his hands ran through her hair. She quickly took him in her mouth and began to suck as she had the previous day. With an effort, Bo pushed her up off of his cock.

"I want to fuck you," he said. Whysper began to kiss up his belly, covering his chest with kisses, then his neck, then finally his mouth. They kissed hungrily as she positioned herself over his erection. Slowly, they began to move together, his erection pressed against her wet, warm slit. Their movements became faster and suddenly he slipped inside of her. Both of them moaned, and then Whysper laughed, pushing up on his chest and beginning to rock up and down on his erection. Bo smiled, guiding her hips as they established a steady rhythm. As their bodies moved together, Bo began to fondle Whysper's breasts as they hung above his mouth. 

"You wanna suck them don't you?" she asked. Without waiting for a reply, she leaned forward, giving him easy access to her nipples. Bo licked her left nipple and then sucked it deeply. Whypser moaned as Bo let it pop out of his mouth. He took the right one and repeated his actions. Again, Whysper moaned. Meanwhile, the tempo of their fucking had been slowly but steadily increasing. Whysper was panting now as she leaned back and again and began to slam her pussy up and down on his rigid cock faster and harder. 

"Cum inside me," she hissed, "Shoot it in me, Bo! Shoot it!"

Whysper was moaning and bucking; her eyes closed; her mouth open. She began to moan uncontrollably, "ohh god. Yes. Yes. Yes. Uh, uh, mmm."

Suddenly, her back arched. Her mouth flew open, but for a moment no sound emerged. Then, with a jerk, Whysper screamed and flung herself up and down on his cock. It was more than Bo's engorged member could take and with a shout, he erupted, shooting his semen deep into Whysper again and again.

Slowly, they came down. Their movements slowed and Whysper collapsed on top of him. He held her, stroking her hair and enjoying the blissful post-coital feeling. He felt her head loll and realized that she was asleep. Gently, he rolled her over, turned out the light, and curled up beside her. 

The next morning, Bo awoke to find Whysper dressing in one of his old shirts and a pair of his sweatpants. 

"Good morning," he said, stretching.

"Good morning, yourself," she said with a smile. 

Bo arose and put on a pair of shorts. Then he walked over and sat beside Whysper on the bed. 

"So," he asked, "are you ever going to tell me what this is about?"

Whysper looked at him as she brushed a strand of hair out of her face, "This is about both of us getting something we want."

"What do you mean?" Bo asked.

"Amanda," Whysper said simply.

"What does she have to do with this?" Bo asked, not sure where Whysper was going. 

Whysper sat down beside him on the bed and asked, "You want her, don't you? You want to do with her what I've been doing with you don't you." 

It was true, Bo wanted Amanda; he longed to have her respond as Whysper had. He wanted to explore her, to seduce and possess her. However, he still wasn't quite sure if he ought to tell Whyseper this. 

Whysper sensed his hesitation. "Look, I've seen the way you look at her. I know you want her, and I can help you get her."

Bo stuttered, "You can what?"

Whysper put her hand on his arm. "Look," she said, "when I went away to school, I was just like her. I had a roommate that was the exact opposite: she was a wild-ass party girl. At least once a week, I'd wake up in the middle of the night to the sounds of her getting fucked across the room. At first, I hated it; wanted out. One night though, I realized I had gotten wet listening to her moan and fuck. I started touching myself when she and her boyfriend were doing it. One night, I lost it and cried out and they heard me. I was embarrassed; wanted to crawl in a hole, but instead of making fun of me, they asked me to join them. I did, and let's just say it changed my outlook on a lot of things."

Bo was fascinated by Whysper's tale, but he still wasn't quite sure how it fit in with Amanda and him. She sensed his confusion.

"Look, Amanda is my friend," she said, "She's also, quite possibly the most inhibited girl I've ever known. You're a nice guy. I think you care about her and love her, so, I want to help the two of you, um get acquainted."

"Ok," Bo said, still not really understanding where she was going with this, "how are you going to do that?"

Whysper smiled. "She trusts me," she said, "First, I'm going to get her drunk. She loves fruit drinks, and I think I can give her some drinks, repackaged of course, that she won't realize are alcoholic. That should relax her. Then I'm going to begin to push her physical limits a bit. Once she begins to loosen up a bit, I'll have you join the fun. We'll have to go slow at first, but if we can get her to start down the path, we can get her into bed."

"We?" Bo asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Yes, we," said Whysper, looking at him evenly, "First of all, without me, you'll never get to first base. Second, I want to be their when she has her first orgasm. Once she's over her inhibitions, then she's all yours."

"So, what were the last two nights about?" Bo asked.

"They were about getting your attention," Whysper said, "and about getting us off; this last she said with a playful smile. 

"So, are you in or not?" she asked.

Bo hesitated for only a moment. Part of his brain thought that the plan was risky and a bit deceitful. If it failed, his relationship with Amanda would end suddenly and permanently. However, the thought of seducing her and corrupting her was too tempting. If it worked, the reward would be huge. 

Bo nodded his assent. "I'm in," he said.

Over the next few weeks, Whysper began to increase the time that she spent with Amanda. She also made sure that Bo was present on many occasions. Amanda told Bo that she thought Whysper was lonely and the she felt like she needed to be there for her friend. Bo wholeheartedly agreed, saying that he didn't mind. 

Whysper had introduced the alcohol to Amanda one night when the three of them had dinner at her home. Amanda had loved the taste of it and had no clue what it was. Whysper claimed that it was a drink that one of her friends had found in Argentina. Bo had watched with amusement as Amanda had become tipsy that night. Whysper only let her have a glass and a half, claiming that she had to ration it out until her friend could get her more. Even so, having never had a drink before, Amanda became very silly during dinner; laughing, slurring her words, and talking a mile a minute. Bo had watched as Whysper had begun to touch Amanda's arm and hand. When they'd gotten up to leave, Amanda had been unsteady, and Bo had reached out to steady her, putting his arm around her. Amanda leaned against him, unwittingly pressing herself against his side. Whysper noticed and gave Bo a knowing wink. Whysper had given Amanda a longer than normal hug as they'd left, which usually reserved Amanda had returned. Bo wondered if he'd get that type of hug when he got her home, but he had to laugh when half way through the fifteen minute ride, Amanda's head had lolled as she, for all intent, passed out. When he got her to her apartment, he helped her unsteadily out and guided her to her door. He'd unlocked it and led her to her bed where she'd collapsed immediately into slumber. Bo stood looking at her for a minute, wondering if this night would lead to them sharing her bed. He fervently hoped it would. 

Over the coming weeks, Amanda's tolerance for the alcohol improved a bit, but it still took only two full glasses to have her drunk. Whysper had been steadily increasing how much she touched Amanda and guiding Bo to do the same. After about a month of steadily increasing the touching, they got together one night to watch a movie. Amanda sat between Bo and Whysper. They were all dressed in t-shirts and shorts. Whysper had poured them all generous glasses of the alcohol and served it with a bowl of popcorn. Unknown to Amanda, the movie had a fairly explicit love scene. By the time it arrived, they'd gone through several glasses of the fruity drink and Bo and Whysper both had their arms around Amanda and both were touching her arms. As the scene progressed, Whysper murmured, "Wow," as the characters writhed and moaned. Instead of turning it off as she would have before, Amanda watched dreamily. As the action intensified, Bo watched as Whysper began to touch Amanda's face lightly. She looked at Whysper with a glazed, questioning expression. Whysper leaned in and gently nuzzled Amanda's neck, whispering, "Looks like she's having fun doesn't it?" 

Amanda looked confused, her addled brain knowing that she shouldn't like this, but not quite remembering why. Meanwhile, Bo's hand had slid to Amanda's bare thigh and begun to rub it gently. As the scene got even more explicit, Amanda seemed to be in a trance. Whysper's tongue was lightly playing with her earlobe now and Bo's hand had move just below the hem of her shorts, only inches from her pussy. Amanda's eyes were half closed now and she was breathing quickly. She put her hand on Bo's, but didn't push it away. The scene ended and Bo and Whysper backed off, resuming their previous positions. 

By the time the movie ended, Amanda had imbibed three glasses of the alcohol and was passed out on Bo's shoulder. Whysper and Bo chuckled softly as she snored lightly. 

"Just leave her here tonight," Whysper said. "She's got her cell phone. If anyone needs her they'll call on that." 

Bo agreed and gently arranged Amanda on the couch. As he turned to go, Whysper took his arm and walked with him toward the door. "Tonight was a big step forward," she said with a smile. 

Bo nodded, "Definitely," he said taking Whysper in his arms. They kissed deeply, Whysper pressing herself against him. He gave her bottom a squeeze and then left for home. 
