 It was a typical day at the office, meeting after meeting keeping me away from my desk, and the opportunity to deal with all of the daily grind that inevitably builds up. I watched with envy as one by one my colleagues left for the night. 

I was growing tired of sitting in an empty office, watching the day turn to night, returning to my flat just to sleep before waking to start another day dealing with an ever increasing workload. My mood wasn't helped by the presence of Amanda, the office secretary. At least when I was alone I could loosen my tie, plug in my iPod and find what little escape I could. With the presence of one of our secretaries I'd have to maintain an air of professionalism. 

Not only that, but Amanda was a distraction. I'd catch a scent of her perfume every time she passed my desk, making the trip from her work station to the printer and back. The whir of the printer acting as an alarm to her inevitable appearance. It was an involuntary act to look up every time she turned the corner, watching her walk towards me, then glancing as she walked away, my eyes travelling from the black high heels that encased her feet up to her head where she wore her hair in a bun.

Amanda was a similar age to me, and although she only joined the company recently, she had already proven herself invaluable. She always managed to look attractive and sexy, without ever crossing the line to inappropriate. Something a lot of the younger secretaries, men and women, could learn from her. Today was no exception, wearing a simple white blouse, black skirt and what I assumed were tights Amanda sashayed towards my desk again. 

"We've got to stop meeting like this" she joked as she passed by the end of my desk. 

I just smiled at her, pretending to be engrossed in my work. As she walked away my eyes followed, just before turning the corner to return to her desk, Amanda glanced over her shoulder and caught my eye. Before I could avert my gaze, she smiled and disappeared from view. 

Damn, why did I think I could behave so differently just because we were alone? She must walk past my desk a hundred times a day, and I would never be so obvious as to stare after her. What would she think of me now?

The familiar sound of the printer added to my anguish, she was on her way back. I've never been so interested in finishing a presentation as I was then. I scrutinised every slide as if my life depended on it, praying that Amanda would grab her printout and leave.

It took all my effort not to look up as I heard her familiar footsteps come towards me. I let out a barely audible gasp of relief as she passed me to the printer without a word. 

"Were you checking me out?" Amanda asked. 

Just my luck, I'd have to be caught looking at the one woman who would do something about it, I could just imagine the call from HR now. Before I could answer, or even turn round to face her, Amanda let out a small chuckle and walking past me she squeezed my shoulder. "Don't worry, it's a compliment" she said.

I couldn't believe my ears, did she just say that? I quickly glanced up and admired the way she carried herself but not wanting to chance my luck I looked away before she caught me again. 

There was no chance of me ever finishing my presentation tonight. I didn't know Amanda that well, but had never seen her flirt with anyone. My mind was playing tricks on me, what did it all mean? Did she like me, was she teasing me for her own amusement or for a more meaningful reason?

I needed to clear my head, and try to refocus my mind, so grabbed my mug and headed to the kitchen. Amanda's desk was on my way, this would give me the chance to show her that I was completely unphased. As I approached her desk, I wasn't sure what to think, her chair was empty. She must have left for the evening. 

Trying not to feel too disappointed I walked into the kitchen, and almost dropped the mug. Amanda had her back to me and was bent forward at the waist retrieving something from the bottom of the fridge. Her black skirt had ridden up the backs of her thighs, and revealed that my earlier assumption was wrong. She wasn't wearing tights, she was wearing stockings, and I was sure I caught a glimpse of suspenders. 

Before I could say anything or leave, Amanda straightened and turned round with a bottle of milk in her hand.

"I heard you coming and assumed you needed a coffee like me." She handed me the milk, and walking back to her desk called over her shoulder, "I take mine black thanks."

Not for the first time that night, my mind was awash with confused thoughts. If she heard me heading to the kitchen, she must have known I would see her bent forward like that. She was teasing me there was no doubt. But I wasn't sure how to react, should I feel flattered that such an attractive woman felt this way, angry that she was toying with me like this, or simply put it down to a woman indulging in some harmless flirting to put a bit of fun in an otherwise boring day.

I decided to act like nothing had happened, made us both our drinks and left to return to my desk via Amanda's. As I walked towards her she swivelled in her chair. Amanda crossed her legs, giving me another glimpse of the tops of her stockings. She was enjoying teasing me, but I was determined not to let her win this game.

"Here's your coffee. Enjoy and don't work too late" I said, leaving her drink on her desk .I couldn't help but smile to myself as I walked away, a strange element of role reversal. I was curious to know if she was watching me as I had her, but pride prevented me from looking back.

I threw myself down into my chair and allowed myself a couple of minutes replaying the image of Amanda bent over the fridge and crossing her legs. It's a sad state of affairs when a woman flirting with you can make your day. But it had put a spring in my step so to speak and I returned to my work with a zest I previously thought lost. I was so caught up with my work, I didn't hear the printer whir or Amanda approach. It wasn't until my nose caught the feint hint of perfume that I looked up. What is it about a smell that can be so distinct and distracting? I leaned back in my chair, and as Amanda approached with yet another printout in hand I met her eyes.

"How was the coffee?" I inquired.

"Hot and wet" she replied. This time there was no cheeky laugh, only the twinkle of mischief in her eyes gave away the fact she knew fine well what she was saying.

In for a penny in for a pound I thought. "I'm good at making them hot and wet."

At hearing this Amanda approached my desk, and leaning with the backs of her thighs against the edge she raised her eyebrows "Really?"

"You have no idea"

I couldn't keep up this charade much longer, despite appearing confident, if not arrogant, inside I was churning. Amanda must think I am a right idiot.

"I bet you're just like every other guy, all talk." 

I couldn't believe this, not only had Amanda teased me earlier with her flashes, but here she was laughing at me and mocking me.

"Well you'll never know" was my rather unwitty retort. 

"Just as I thought, all talk" and with that Amanda turned to return to her desk.

I have no idea what came over me, but something inside me refused to let her walk away thinking I was all talk. In a blur of movement I shot out of my chair and grabbed Amanda's arms, pinning them to her sides. Standing behind her, my mouth millimetres from her ear I whispered "I've watched you in your tight skirt, flashing your stockings and trying to tease me all night, and you then try to mock me. I'm going to show you 'All talk'."

Amanda tried to free her arms "Let go of me, I was just having some fun." 

"It's too late for that" I pushed Amanda forward trapping her between a desk and me. 

"Please, just let me go and we'll forget this whole thing" she pleaded.

"No chance, it's just me and you in the office. I can use you in whatever way I choose, and no-one but me will ever know about."

As I said this, I heard a sharp intake of breath, was Amanda's resistance real, or was she playing along in the hope I would keep to my word?

"Please, don't do this" she almost whispered.

I released her arms from my grip, and took a slight step back, Amanda relaxed slightly, mistakenly thinking I was letting her go.

"Place your hands on the desk palm down" I ordered in a firm but calm tone.

Amanda spun round to look at me. "No!" she exclaimed.

"It wasn't a question or a request Amanda, it was a demand. Now put your hands on the desk."

"You can't make me" she challenged.

"True, I can't make you, but I can make life very difficult for you. I know how to get into all the files here in the office. If you don't do as you are told, all those print out's you've been preparing for tomorrow, and all the hard work you've put in will be wiped. And I will tell your boss that everytime I passed your desk tonight you were shopping online."

This hit a nerve, Amanda knew I had the ability to carry through my threat, but did she believe I would be that cruel? We both knew that if I did, it would mean the end of a short, but promising career with us.

"You bastard" she whimpered, turning to follow my command.

I stood back and admired the view. Leaning forward caused Amanda's skirt to tighten across her beautiful buttocks. The tops of her stockings just peeking underneath the hem. My eyes blazed a trail down her legs, enjoying what they saw as they travelled all the way down to her calves, slender and taut due to the position her feet were held in the black high heels she was wearing.

"Spread your legs a little" another forceful, yet calm demand.

Amanda started another plea, "Please, stop, I don't want...."

"I don't want to delete your work either, but if I have to, I will" I interrupted.

Amanda didn't respond, but I knew I had her completely in my control when she moved first her right foot and then her left. Her skirt was restricting how far apart she could spread her legs, but that didn't matter. The fact that she had was symbolic enough, I had broken her spirit and now had her at my whim. For some reason I was relishing in the role as her tormentor. 

I'd never considered myself this kind of man, but wielding such power over such a beautiful woman was extremely arousing.

I stepped to the side of Amanda, and leaning forward whispered into her ear. "I'm going to teach you a lesson you'll never forget. You're going to do exactly what I want, and you're going to enjoy it. Before you know it you will be begging me to fuck you, but it is up to me whether or not I do. Do you understand?"

Amanda's eyes were shut and she was biting her bottom lip, whether to stifle a sob or hide her true feelings was not clear. 

I wasn't going to let her get away without an answer, so without any warning I lifted my hand back and gave her arse a firm slap.

"I asked 'Do you understand?'."

"Yes" she whimpered.

"Good. Now lift your skirt up a little."

"Please, I don't want to."

I stepped behind Amanda, and slid my hands up the outside of her stocking encased thighs. Amanda went to move away from the desk.

"If either of your hands leave that desk I will stop what I am doing straight away. But those files will be wiped and the shredding will begin."

This stopped Amanda in her tracks. Very slowly and deliberately I let my fingers slide under her skirt my thumb remaining above it causing it to snag in each hand. As my hands continued upwards, her skirt slid over her backside, revealing the suspender belt I had hoped was there, and a pair of very elegant, but sexy black knickers.

"Oh Amanda, you've dressed almost as if you were expecting to be on display tonight."

My hands began to lightly roam all over her buttocks, and down the outsides of her thighs. I was enjoying myself immensely, but didn't want to get too carried away too soon. 

I leant forward yet again, but this time I didn't say anything for a minute or so. I just let Amanda feel my hot breath against her neck and ear, as my hands continued to caress her.

"I bet you dressed like this hoping I was going to see it, hoping to tease me to the point where I would fuck you"

"That's not true" she responded, "I dress like this for me and no-one else."

"Wrong. Today you dressed like this, and it is now very much for me."

I wasn't sure how much longer I could keep this up, I wanted so much to take her there and then, to show her who was in charge, but at the same time, I wanted this delicious teasing and tormenting to continue.

I removed my hands from Amanda, unsure of what to do next. Her body seemed to relax slightly, either that or it was the type of body language that tells you she's disappointed you stopped. Whatever the case, the slight movement gave me the courage to make another bold move. I wrapped both my hands around her front, and grabbing her blouse, pulled it open, ripping the buttons, and allowing me a first glimpse of the black bra holding her breasts in place.

"Delicious" I murmured, my hands now roaming freely across her stomach, over her breasts.

"Stop" she pleaded, not for the first time.

This time her request went unanswered, at least vocally. As if to punish her audacity for requesting me to stop, I pulled the top of her bra down, revealing her perfectly formed breasts. Her nipples visibly hardened as a result of the cold air conditioning, or was it something else?

I pulled the back of Amanda's blouse down, revealing the soft skin of her shoulders and back. If only I had a camera. She looked more beautiful than ever with her skirt hitched up, her breasts on display and her blouse half hanging off. My lips moved down to the side of her neck, I began to kiss her firmly, occasionally nipping her with my teeth. I heard Amanda try to stifle a moan. I kidded myself that it was a moan of pure pleasure, so I bit slightly harder, and reaching my hands round, I began to pull on her hard nipples.

"Oh god" Amanda gasped, then as if she felt the need to reassert herself immediately "This is wrong, you have to stop, please stop."

I was beyond that stage now, nothing could stop me, I don't think even a colleague walking in would have changed my mind.

My arousal was building to the point where it could not be ignored. I continued kissing and biting the nape of Amanda's neck, and across both shoulder blades, but now I also grabbed her hips and pulled her back, so she could feel my hardness pressing against her. Amanda tried to pull away, but she was powerless, I pressed myself against her, the material of my trousers and her knickers doing little to hide from her the obvious sign. I was ready, and soon she'd be feeling just how much.

I moved my right hand between Amanda's legs, toying with her, threading a finger back and forth across both thighs, moving closer to her, but never touching the one place I was desperate to. I continued this for several minutes, stopping on occasion to kiss her back, bite her, or pull on her nipples. I kept my movements random, never settling on one place for longer than a minute, I wanted to keep her guessing, wondering what was going to happen next.

The next time my hand moved between her thighs, I pressed my thumb against her underwear. Feeling the soft spring of hair provide some resistance, I increased the pressure. After a minute I removed my thumb, but before Amanda could respond I replaced it with the tips of my fingers giving me more options. I could apply pressure with one finger, two fingers or more, I could rub back and forth, or just hold them in place. I did every combination I could think of, alternating between hardly touching, and heavy enough to almost slide inside.

Amanda tried one last plea. "Please, stop. You don't need to do this."

"You're right Amanda, I don't need to do this. But I want to, and I think you do too."

"You're wrong" she argued.

"Am I?" and before waiting for a response I yanked aside her underwear and slid two fingers deep inside her.

"If you don't want this as much as me, then how come you're so hot, so wet?"

She didn't respond, she didn't need to, I could feel her pushing back, as if to force my fingers deeper inside her.

I began to rhythmically slide my fingers back and forth, twisting them as they slid inside, teasing her, tormenting her.

Unbeknown to Amanda, my other hand had lowered the zip of my trousers. As I was using my fingers on her, I very gently caressed myself.

I had never wanted anyone so much in my life.

"You want to be fucked, don't you?" I asked.

"No, I want you to stop."

"Why lie Amanda? You're saying the words, but your body is betraying your true feelings."

"I don't care what you think, I want this to stop. Now!" as she said this, Amanda thrust back, as if to try and knock me away.

Unfortunately for her, this played right into my hands. With my left hand holding her hip, my right hand held her underwear to the side, and I nudged the head of my cock against her. Amanda froze, she knew that to push back any more would caused me to slide inside her, but the desk in front meant she could only move a few centimetres forward, not far enough to escape.

With Amanda pinned between me and the desk I began to rub the head of my cock up and down her. I could feel how hot and wet she was, and couldn't wait to thrust inside and be enveloped by her.

"Please..........." Amanda gasped

"Please what?" I enquired.

"Please stop"

"Are you sure?" I asked as I slid just the tip of myself inside her.

Amanda gasped at this sudden movement, involuntarily pushing back, trying to feel more of me.

"Yes." 

"Yes, you're sure or yes...."

I could sense a change in Amanda's movements, she was no longer feigning resistance. Her thrusts back were becoming more frantic, sensing her urgency I tormented her some more.

"You want it, admit it." I taunted.

"No." I had to admire Amanda's resolve, resisting the urges her body was so desperate to give in to.

I leaned close so she could feel my weight against her, the warmth of our bodies. 

"Do you want me to stop?" I asked.

She didn't answer right away, a battle of will between body and spirit. 

"Please...." this time we both knew she wasn't begging me to stop.

"Please what?" I couldn't help but drag this moment out, make her spell out what she wanted.

"You know what" her voice barely audible, her spirit still putting up one last vestige of resistance.

"I know what and you know what. But you're getting nothing until you beg" as I uttered these words, I broke all contact between us. Losing the feel of our bodies connected in so intimate a place was too much for Amanda, and she finally let the feelings of need take control.

"Please, just fuck me. I need you inside me now."

I smiled to myself as I heard these words, not only was I right about her all along, but my gamble had paid off.

With no warning I grabbed her hips and thrust forward, slamming myself deep inside her. Amanda cried out as she felt me fill her. The passion that had been building up since the charade began, was being released, and it took all my self control not to succumb to it straight away.

I slid myself out, until just the tip was inside, and then in one swift, hard thrust pushed myself deep inside her again. Amanda cried out some more, her moans spurring me on. Again I slid out, just keeping the tip inside before thrusting in again. Amanda began to move with me, pushing back to meet each thrust forward I made. 

"Yes, god please fuck me harder" she demanded.

This time I was in no mood to question her demands, I pushed deep inside and held myself still. We stayed like that for a few moments, before I started grinding against her. Moving my hips in small circles but never removing myself from being totally encased by her. Amanda's reaction both physically and vocally told me she was enjoying what I was doing.
