 Thirty minutes later I was reversing down the drive of my home, Stacey safely ensconced beneath a blanket on the back seat. There weren't too much neighbors around, but I did not want to take any chances. As soon as I cleared the edge of our town, I called to her to get up. She slid up to the front seat while I pulled up to the side of the road and let the car's top down. 

Pretty soon we were cruising down the motorway, with barely another car in sight, and the speed, wind and sunshine complied to make us happy and carefree. What happened next would be something I would never forget. This usually quiet, shy girl unbuckled her seat belt, stood up and raised her t-shirt, bare-breasted below it. She took off her hair-band and unfurled her hair in the wind, screaming in delight as she spread her hands wide. I was totally unready for this and afraid that should we get caught on a traffic camera, the obligatory photo would be making its way home. Explain that to the wife!

A couple of cars passed in the other direction, eyes wide in shock and delight. Fortunately the madness passed within a few minutes and she sat down and dressed up again, just in time before turning on the long drive-in to the hotel.

"I'm sorry, I don't know what came over me. Whatever you project, it's contagious. I'm so happy." she apologized.

"And we haven't even gotten to the best part yet." I said, rubbing my dick. Which, it is only fair to say, was under constant semi-arousal conditions. I would have loved for her to give me a blow-job on the road, but I decided to leave it until we were in our room.

As soon as we parked under the awning of the hotel entrance, we were transformed from normal people to royalty. Gloved parking attendants bowed us out of the car and delivered our two small valises to the check-in desk.

"Hi, it's Mr. and Mrs. James, I booked yesterday morning. It's actually three nights, but I thought we might book in early and avail ourselves of this weather." I said brightly.

"Good morning Mr. James, yes your suite is booked, and the maids have already done the cleaning. You may check in at anytime. Fruit and flowers have been delivered as well." she replied. She handed me the key card and continued "The remote controls for the various appliances are in the left desk drawer, as well as the roof-top pool card."

"Roof-top pool card? You need a card for the pool?" I inquired.

"Oh yes, you see, it's a clothing optional pool" she replied with a smile. "Only couples booking the top suites are eligible to use it. As I said, clothes are highly optional. Between us, most visitors dispense with any clothing once they see it. Waiters and waitresses do not have clothing either, except for a little bow-tie or silk collar to distinguish them from guests."

"So do you go there often?" I asked, seeing a future conquest.

The clerk blushed as she mentioned that she often served drinks in the afternoon up there.

"Yes, I do offer waitressing, among other services that clients need." she added as her face reddened. "So, to use your key-card, just pass it in front of the sensor in the lift. Your apartment is on the top floor just below the roof, and the lift will only go up there with your key-card. If, for some reason you do not want to be disturbed, just flick on the 'do not disturb' switch right outside the lift. Nobody will come up there unless the emergency alarm or fire-bell is ringing."

We thanked her for her professionalism, picked our key-card and headed towards the lift. It resembled something out of Star Trek, all gleaming glass and chrome. We got in and I pressed the card against the infra-red sensor. the card was acknowledged with a beep and the doors hissed closed. With rapid acceleration, the elevator sped up to the seventh floor, emitted a ding, and opened up.

A short ante-corridor led to a door not more than ten feet away. This short corridor held a couple of sofas, and was adorned with plants and paintings. The color was a muted pastel yellow, brown rose-wood flooring and a white ceiling with inlaid lights completing this well thought out waiting room. 

We stared in amazement at it all. If this was the waiting room to the suite, I couldn't think what I would find behind the mahogany colored doors.

"Well. This is it." I said to Stacey. "Now is the final chance to take your decision back... or go on."

"Go back? Are you insane? Let's go grab our swim wear and head for the pool." she replied excitedly.

We both grabbed a handle, turned it downwards, and pushed the doors open. As the rooms came into view, we simply stood there in shock at the sheer beauty and opulence of the place. The doors opened into a large sitting room, with a huge domed skylight right in its centre. Another large set of doors, this time in glass, opened onto a tastefully decorated bedroom, glowing in the morning sun. 

I glanced up, and saw that another skylight was available here. No doubt the glass could be darkened or lightened at will remotely. To the right of the bedroom lay a huge bathroom, which was, in all probability, larger than my garage, which could nonetheless hold three cars easily. We laughed as we saw double toilets, one near the other. The Jacuzzi bath was absolutely huge, easily accommodating four persons. 

If the bathroom amazed me, the outer deck left me speechless. This was accessible from the left-hand side of the bedroom, and was situated on the corner of the building. It was about twenty foot by twenty feet, and contained an outdoor hot-tub, in which one could be as discreet as he wished. In fact, try as I might, I could not get a glimpse of any other apartments. The deck was decorated with large plants and shrubbery that made it impossible to see around or indeed, up or down the building.

Going back in to the sitting room, we had not noticed the two other doors leading from it, a walk-in closet and a small kitchen, which despite its' small size, was well-equipped. When I say small, it would be better to explain that it was only relatively small. I got the feeling that one could definitely live easily here.

"So" I turned to Stacey. "Shall we consummate our love here and now, or go for a swim?"

"Let's go for a swim, grab some of this beautiful sun. Would be a pity to waste it."

"OK, swimwear in two minutes." I smiled.

We broke into our suitcases, and swimsuits in hand, hustled out to the lift, wondering how we would find the roof. I need not have worried. As soon as I pressed the key-card to the detector, the touch-screen in the lift showed us our choices. One of these was the 'Amazon' roof-top pool and garden. Stacey delicately pressed the screen and the lift hissed closed. We moved swiftly upwards and waited in trepidation as the doors opened onto a vision of paradise. Birds flocked in the trees, and the path was strewn with flowers still in bloom. We reached the pool area, and stared in shock, although in reality we shouldn't have. A clothing optional pool would naturally only be frequented by people who were ready to remove their clothes. There was not a stitch of clothing in sight, and I grinned at the sight of an elderly gentleman and his wife, both badly in need of a vigorous ironing. 

I looked towards where Stacey was gazing, and I almost gasped. Three beautiful women were entwined in a passionate embrace in one of the shallow pools, tongues rippling across from one body to the other, in total abandon. A man was in their midst, cock erect as he mingled with the young flesh.

"Good morning." we heard, and we jumped at the voice of a woman. Who, except for the small black ribbon around her neck, was as naked as the day she was born. She was a beautiful brunette, a long neck holding a beautiful head with a lovely face and a 'naughty pixie' hair-style. I could hardly breathe. Besides her hair and eyebrows, she had no other trace of hair. Everything was outlined in exquisite detail.

"I am Victoria, your host. Let me lead you to the changing cubicles. Will you be opting to wear a swimsuit?"

I looked at Stacey who shook her head no. My throat dried up immediately at the thought that finally we would get to see each other as we wanted. I shook my head too, not daring to speak.

"This way then please." Victoria bowed. Her breasts were really small, but with big puffy nipples, fully erect and gleaming with sunscreen oil. As she turned I caught a glimpse of her shaved cleft before presenting me with her backside, two dimples winking at me with every step she took.

We followed her to the cubicles, which were stocked with generic swimsuits, towels and a bath-robe. I took the one next to which Stacey had just entered, and started undressing. All too late I realized that I had totally shaved my pubic hair. It was the wrong time to worry though. It was simply too late.

"Ready?" said Stacey from her cubicle.

"Let's do this!" I replied.

"We're only going swimming for God's sake...not murdering someone. On the count of three. One , two, three"

I stepped out into the sun and turned to face her...and my breath caught in my throat as I finally looked upon the body of a goddess. Her face I already knew well, but her body was revealed to me in all its' glory. I had seen her breasts briefly at home, under the shirt, but they took a different dimension here, outside in the glow of the sun. 

They stuck firmly to her chest without any hint of sag. Beautiful red nipples topped the slopes. Looking down past her breasts, I could see her tiny dimple that was her belly-button, and to my consternation, my dick began to harden. She was also clean-shaven down there, and I gasped at the size of her clitoris. Her outer lips pouted in a display of shameless sexual desire, already shining with moisture.

A gorgeous, absolutely beautiful woman. I could feel my dick heavy with desire, swinging freely, already half-engorged with blood. I could tell Stacey was looking at my dick, mouth open in wonder.

"Dear God, it's beautiful like that" she whispered. "It looks huge shaved...I do think we are going to enjoy ourselves." she said as she ogled my meat. "Dear me, it's so big...far bigger than I am accustomed to."

We moved towards each other and hugged, feeling our sun-warmed bodies finally naked against each other as we broke the ice. It seemed that if we did not stop, I would soon be sporting a full-on erection which would be difficult to hide, although in truth, looking around, there were many men with erections walking around. Naturally, nobody seemed to care, and apart from the lack of children, it all seemed like a normal resort.

We turned and grabbed a couple of towels for the sun-loungers. After the initial shyness and strangeness of the situation, we adapted quickly. We threw the towels on a couple of loungers and decided to test the waters. Unfortunately diving was not allowed, but just as well, as I could not have imagined stretching my arms with my huge tool in full view.

We slipped into the cool water, and promptly turned to each other, kissing and holding tight to each other. My rampant dick snuggled between her open legs, and she closed them on it, creating a vise that felt like a heaven. After a few minutes of groping and heaving, we had to come apart to take a couple of breaths.

"Why don't we take it easy?" I suggested. "Maybe take off the edge of all this tension. I'm sure they won't be happy with me if I had to come in this pool."

"True enough. Do you come a lot?" Stacey asked, leaning against the pool wall, and letting her body float to the surface. As her pussy broke free of the water, I could see that her clit had elongated mightily, and was now sticking out proudly of its sheath like a tiny penis.

I had no words to describe the tenderness or the beauty of that sight. I wanted to dive in and start sucking on that beautiful nubbin.

"Well, I don't know how much a lot would constitute, not knowing how much other men ejaculate, but I am fairly confident I can half-fill a typical wine-glass." I answered.

Stacey's face, previously a warm red, lost its' color rapidly until it was nearly white.

"Half a glass?" she asked.

"Give or take a few drops. That's why I don't want to lose it here."

"Good Lord, George only dribbles a few drops when he comes."

"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize. I didn't mean to cause you any problems. It's just that I am so happy being here with you. And I am so horny. 

I slid in between her legs, which she had parted to aid her in floating, and moved up to her pussy. I looked at her beautiful petals, much like a rose, and lowered my heard to suck on that gorgeous piece of woman-hood. It tasted sweet, nice and slick with her runny juices. It was so soft , tender, but firm at the same time. 

"Oh..." she moaned "I like that...I like that."

I was in no fit state to talk, so I continued sucking on her clit. Suddenly a shadow blocked the sun and I looked up. A clean limbed guy was standing behind her, long thick dick hanging limply between his legs.

"Hi. I'm Jack. I couldn't help noticing what a beautiful pair you make" he said as he held out his hand. I shook it, and Stacey, not being able to do so, simply greeted him.

"I'm Chris and this is Stacey" I told him "we're...uh..we're friends."

"That's great..listen, are you into sharing? We can make this exciting."

I looked at Stacey and she shrugged. "In for a penny, in for a pound." she said.

And with that she threw her head backwards, just within reach of his admittedly gorgeous dick. Without a word she opened wide and he leant that little bit forward until his plump head nestled between her lips. She moaned in appreciation, then let go of his dick and told us to make her come. With that she gulped down his fat dick again, as I lay there taking in the beautiful sight.

I leant down again, chewing on her nubbin, and it seemed that in no time at all she was bucking crazily in the water as she had an almighty orgasm. Her face was flushed as suddenly I could tell that Jack was coming. He grunted and speared his tool deep inside her throat. I remember thinking to myself that she would not even have to swallow since his sperm would shoot straight into her stomach. We rested for a few minutes as we were before I moved back and jumped on to the pool pavement, lying back on my elbows. 

"That was great." I said, grinning..."and I have yet to come."

"Talk to me when I get the feel of my legs back" said Stacey who still lay half-in the water, legs unashamedly splayed open, and gathering the numerous appreciative stares of men and women alike. Her face was adorned with pearl droplets of come, at which she dabbed and put in her mouth.

"What an introduction" Jack said "Here let me take care of that for you."

And before I knew what was happening, he leant down and took my huge dick in his mouth. I had never had something like this happen to me, but it was a strangely hot moment. Stacey gasped at the sheer erotic moment. I could feel my balls churning as I fought mightily to keep from coming. But it was to no avail because the moment Stacey rose out of the water and pressed her cunt to my face, I blasted Jack's throat with copious amounts of semen. He drank me like I had never been done before. A huge orgasm that saw me seeing stars. I can honestly say that I had never had such a feeling before.

My dick felt as if it was in a powerful vacuum cleaner, sucking every ounce of my fibers. I had never been in this sharing business before, but I have to honestly own up that I liked it. I didn't know whether I was able to do it to Jack myself, but I guess I would try anything once.

We settled down into a pleasant conversation among us, touching briefly on business, but turning to sports and general lifestyles. Before he left, Stacey looked at me, I nodded, and she asked him if he wanted to get together again.

"Sure, I'd love that. I am busy these two days though. Might be the end of this week."

"That's ok with us Jack. I'm sure Chris will find something to keep him busy" she laughed.

Jack smiled and took his leave, promising that he would call us.

We lay in the sun, savoring the sun in the post-orgasmic bliss that is so cool. We talked about what had happened, and to my happiness found that Stacey not only was unsurprised, but also happy that a team job had finally come to pass. It seems that it had been a fantasy of hers for a long time.

"But right now I am dying for the feel of a long hard thick cock sliding into me" she suggested.

"Well, that is one thing I can happily fix" I said as I flexed my now hardening dick.

"So what the hell are we waiting for? Let's shower off this chlorine and head inside."