 Music began to pump as she walked from the bar to the dance floor, her hips swaying in time to the pulse of club techno. She was supposed to be waiting for her date, who was so far more than 30 minutes late. 

Not caring when or even if he showed, she began to dance amongst the crowd, feeling the music and imagining the pleasure of a darkened room and the feel of flesh upon flesh. With her legs slightly parted she moved her hips in a slow circle and moved her body upward, slowly, deliberately rolling her upper body while she licked her lips. 

There was nothing but the flashing lights and the music so loud it drowned out rational thought. Her hands traveled from her hair down her neck to the side of her breasts, then down over her hardened nipples pressing her warm hands over her thin tank top she let her hands move out again to her hips. her right hand rested on her pelvic bone while her left came back up to brush her hair from her eyes and keep it from obstructing her vision as she moved her head from side to side in time with the beat, her eyes scanning the crowd, looking out at no one in particular, she was aroused by the feel of her own body and the thought that she was most likely being watched. The song changed and she was lost again in the different beat. Each song seduced her in different ways and as her hands continued to explore her body through her tank top and skin hugging jeans, she discovered her pussy was so wet that her jeans were damp. The feeling of friction between her legs from the seam of her jeans made a small moan escape her lips. As her hips shifted from side to side she could feel her own moist heat in combination with the sensual motion of her upper body. 

He watched her from the bar as he took another drink from his bottle of Sam Adams. He wasn't one to frequent the club scene but tonight was different. Tonight he felt like feeling that comforting buzz of alcohol and the rush of all the sexual energy that hangs in every club's air. He could tell she wasn't interested in anyone else in the room. She was focused on the music and her own self- pleasure. His eyes moved from her hair to her eyes which were half closed to her half smile that was full of promise. His eyes traveled down her pale throat to her exposed chest and her low cut top. By the time his eyes were at her the waist he had put the half finished beer on the bar and was walking toward her. His pulse jumped with a hint of nervous anticipation coupled with a desire to touch her form. He wanted to feel for himself the tightness of her jeans and slide his hands up under the very edge of her top. He wanted to feel her warm flesh as her body undulated in time. He wanted to be the reason her head rolled back on her shoulders, her mouth open in a silent exhalation of breath.

He placed himself slightly to her right and began to dance himself, all the while his eyes never leaving her. As he let the beat wash over him he moved closer, his body wanting to feel her skin against his. 

He wasn't the most subtle of men, but she would have noticed him even if he was. All of her senses were heightened as she watched him move as she continued to dance. He would have been handsome in normal lighting and regular circumstances. Here on the dance floor he looked like sex personified. Her body worked independently of her brain as she moved closer to him. She wanted him. Not just for a quick kiss and bump and grind. She imagined all the things she could do to him and all the things he could do in return.

In an instant their bodies touched, her back pressing against him. The feel of his hard cock straining his black jeans and pressing hungrily into her made her lips turn up in a smile that could be described as anything but innocent. Taking his hands from his sides she placed them on her hips and moved them forward, the tips of his middle fingers grazing the top of her pussy. With his arms around her, and his hands pressing her to him, she took that moment to roll her body, grinding herself into him with an almost tangible need. They moved together like liquid fire as she turned to face him straddling one leg while she slipped her left hand down the back of his pants.

She wanted him. Before he was unsure but as soon as they touched he knew how this night would end. When she faced him, he leaned in so his lips were almost touching her ear and whispered to her. With that increasingly familiar smile she turned her head to face his and with her right hand holding his neck she pressed her lips against his. It was neither soft nor gentle and heat flooded his body as her tongue began to play with his. She broke the kiss far too soon and grabbed his hand pulling him off the dance floor, heading for the exit. 

She led him out into the cool night air towards the parking garage where her Jeep was parked. She normally never took guys home but this one was different. She wanted hours of play, not minutes, and the best place for that would be her own bed. She unlocked the doors and watched him slide into the passenger seat without any hesitation or questioning glances. Before she could even put the key in the ignition he leaned in for another kiss, his mouth claiming hers as his hand went under her shirt to her back. With one fluid motion he sat back in his seat pulling her with him until she straddled him. His left hand pulled down her top as he trailed his kisses down her neck to her breast where he teased her hardened nipple with light kisses and a few quick flicks of his tongue. As she gasped in surprise of such contact he kissed her breast deeper, sucking on her and running his teeth over her warm flesh. Her hands came up to his head in response, pressing him to her while she grinded her pussy against his throbbing cock. 

Forcing his head upward she kissed him while hurriedly unfastening his jeans. An impatient moan escaped her lips as she grabbed his cock and pulled it out from his confining pants. It was too tight in the Jeep for her to get her pants off quickly. She wanted him inside of her now. She moved her hot mouth down his neck and chest as she unbuttoned his shirt, revealing is hard smooth chest. Starting at the center of his chest she trailed her tongue down him, kissing his navel and moving down. As her lips caressed the tip of his cock she began to unbutton her own jeans. As she slid him into her mouth she moved her right hand into her pants, her pussy dripping in anticipation of pleasure. With most of his cock inside her mouth she moved her tongue back and forth, pressing on him she began to suck as her own fingers touched her wet clitoris. The feel of his cock inside of her made her desire flare almost to the point of pain. She wanted all of him, she wanted to hear him moan as she pleasured him, moving her mouth back and forth as she sucked and licked her tongue and lips playing with his tip and then thrusting quickly as she took him into her mouth. As her tongue felt the smooth heat of his eager cock, her fingers explored her pussy; using just the right amount of pressure and speed she moved her hand back and forth inside of herself. She cried out against him as she removed his cock from her mouth and trailed her wet tongue from the tip of him to the base and farther down. Her tongue flitted twice before she took his balls into her mouth where she continued to suck and tease, her tongue quickly darting against him. As her mouth moved back to his cock and his hands clenched her shoulders, her hand moved more urgently inside of her. She deep throated him and sucked harder and faster. With a loud exhalation he came inside of her, his breathing ragged as his cum filled her mouth. Her body tensed and as the hot cum slid down her throat she orgasmed, her back arching as her eyes rolled back into her head. 

He looked down at her as she licked her lower lip, her eyes still closed as though she sought to keep what just happened in memory. Every sensation locked away in the hopes of immortalizing this rather unusual and random occurrence. "She really is beautiful" he thought as his eyes moved from her tousled brown hair that fell to the ends of her shoulder blades, to her bare shoulders and back up to her lips. She opened her eyes and he saw the smallest glimmer of uncertainty flit across her features. Her eyes were a mix of blue and green with a ring of gold separating the two. She returned his gaze and smiled softly as though the two had just shared a private joke. He heard a zipping sound and realized that while she was pleasuring him, she had decided to take care of her own needs as well. He was too caught up in what she was doing to him to notice and now that he did, he mentally kicked himself. He wanted to be the one to touch her and make her moan. The idea that he just sat there while she did everything for both of them made his face flush.

"Here comes the awkward part" he mused as she climbed back over him into the driver's seat.

"Uh..." he started hesitantly.

Placing a finger on his lips, she half-smiled and said, "You can get out of the car now, if that is all you came for, or you can tell me where you live."

"I'm not getting out of this car," he uttered softly, his eyes catching hers. "What is your name? I can't keep calling you 'Beautiful' in my head."

"I think we've already gotten past the cheesy pick-up line stage of the evening." She laughed with a shake of her head. "I'm Andromeda, or Andi if you prefer."

He didn't quite know what to make of her. She was right, that whole 'beautiful' line sounded cheap as soon as it passed his lips, but the thing was, he really meant it. There was something about her that just made him want to stay around.

"I'm Tristan, and I apologize for that line. You really are beautiful though." He said with a grin. "I live on City Island. You just take the Hudson to the expressway and there'll be an exit."

With the turn of a key, the Jeep roared to life, the radio began to blast electronica, making the back of Tristan's head buzz.

"Oh shit," Andi said as she turned it down quickly, "Sorry."

"Don't be." He replied as she put the car in drive and headed for the garage exit. 

The drive was mostly silent. It wasn't that uncomfortable silence that makes people clear their throats and shift in their seat; it was the companionable silence of two people lost in thought. Andi had never spontaneously gone home with a man. Now, the implications of her actions made her slightly dizzy. She didn't regret a minute of it; she just had no idea what was going to happen next. Well, she had one idea.

Although Tristan was not new to entertaining women at his house, Andromeda's approach threw him through a loop. He felt as though he was the one being pursued. She had complete control of herself, and the situation. Normally, when Tristan brought woman home, he started off by impressing them with his ride, a black Lotus which was currently sitting in a corner spot, three levels above where Andromeda had her Jeep.

As they neared the right exit Tristan put his hand on Andi's arm and said, "8B and keep to the right when we come to the fork."

She flashed him a smile and followed his instructions.

"It's this one right here," Tristan said, pointing to the wood and brick duplex. "You can just park in my spot there." Tristan looked up at his current dwelling and silently wished for about the thousandth time that he could afford a real New York loft. But again for the thousandth time he reasoned with himself, the Lotus was a more practical buy. Even at sixty grand, the idea of starting to look for the cheapest lofts under the 'less than 1 million' price tag, made his extravagant car seem like chump change. He wasn't a famous advertising executive just yet. 

As he opened the door and turned on the kitchen light, he smiled to himself. He was in his element. Like any other time, he went to his liquor cabinet and poured two drinks. 

"I hope you like vodka..." he started as he turned back to her. His eyes widened as he saw her standing in the middle of his living room, wearing only a pair of jeans and a knowing smile.

"Oh, I like vodka well enough," she said as she slowly walked toward him, "But I'm not especially thirsty right now."

Her fingers grazed his chest as she stared him in the eye. For some reason, Tristan found it very hard to breathe. Taking his hands in hers, she brought them to her pants as she kissed him deeply. Her tongue pressing against his and then swirling inside his mouth. Tristan did not need a second invitation and began to unbutton her jeans. He moved the zipper down slowly as she wrapped her one arm around him, the other going up into his hair. As the last tooth of the zipper released with a metallic pop, Andi moaned into him and playfully bit his lip.

With his hands back up at her hips, Tristan moved his kisses down her throat and between her breasts as he slid her pants to the floor. As her pants descended her long legs, Tristan moved his kisses, lower and lower. As Andi moved one leg out to the side, to rid herself of the troublesome garment, Tristan kissed her soaking pussy, pressing his tongue flat and hard around her clit. He began to lick her softer and slower. She gasped at the sensation and grabbed his hair, pressing him into her with a sense of urgency. He grabbed her ass, kneading her warm skin as his cock strained against his jeans. 

Suddenly he thrust his tongue into her as she cried out in surprise, her hands clenched in pleasure on his scalp, she tilted her hips into him more as he undulated inside of her.

"Oh, Tristan!" She breathed as he pleasured her. At the sound of her airy voice escaping those perfect lips, Tristan licked and pressed harder. As she moaned again, he quickly pulled out of her and stood. Her nipples were hard and her eyes were begging as he quickly picked her up and carried her into his bedroom. Tristan hurriedly began to undress as she watched him, her eyes drinking in every inch of him, from his dark hair and unusual eyes, to his perfect chest. As his pants were finally removed, Andi's eyes went to his cock, the end glistening with the tiniest drop of precum. Without any further obstructions, Tristan placed himself between her legs moved up her body, his skin gently skimming over hers. His chest brushed her nipples and she shivered as he kissed her neck, rubbing his cock on the top of her pussy. The feel of her hot flesh against him made his hands clench into fists as he pressed his body upward quickly thrusting himself inside her. Her back arched as he began to move inside of her, hard and deliberate. His need to feel all of her driving all others thoughts from his head. 

Her breath quickened as he pulled all the way out of her, quickly driving back in, filling her completely. Her legs wrapped around him as her hips rocked in time with his. The pressure and heat of his hard cock made her bite her lip in pleasure, her breath coming in quick gasps. As he pulled out all the way again, her hands went to his shoulders, leaving four perfect red lines in his skin. It was his turn to gasp as the pleasure of her drenched pussy and the sensual pain of those scratches mixed. Without warning, Andi rolled, catching him off guard and effectively flipping him on his back. She grabbed his wrists and held them above his head as she began to ride him, her hot juices wetting his balls as she moved up and down on his cock. She leaned her body forward as she continued to pound him. Moving his wrists together, she held them with one hand as the other ran down his side, her fingernails gently scraping. As her hand reached his hip, she pressed her body back, arching her upper body away from him while her pussy slammed against him. She rode him faster as she began to climax, her pussy aching with pleasure and need.

As she writhed on top of him, breasts bouncing, Tristan dug his fingers into his closed fists. The feel of being inside her hot cunt coupled with her excited moans made him ready to cum, his body screaming for release. He wanted to take his time with her, and he would, later. Right now he could sense her impending orgasm so he held on, wanting to feel her body rock when she came. 

Andi rose all the way up, and brought herself down hard as she cried out, her tense body clenching around him. As her juices ran down the base of his cock and balls, soaking the blanket beneath, her tight pussy on the verge of release, Tristan came, filling her for the second time that night with his hot sperm. With his semen inside of her, Andi orgasmed, her body radiating release and satisfaction. Her panting breath slowed as she fell against him, needing contact. 

Andi and Tristan laid together, their fingers and mouths continuing to explore each other as the late night sky gave way to the coming dawn. Tristan ran his hands down Andi's body for the thousandth time as she kissed him slowly. With the horizon beginning to glow with the arrival of another day, the two strangers drifted off to sleep somewhere between lust and love.