 It was disco night at The Pulse as Alex sat at the end of the bar sipping her Gin & Lemonade. The rebirth of disco, she loved it. Having her own business wasn't too bad either. At 28 she had the world at her feet. Though after watching Joshua for the last half hour she would have settled for having him at her feet right now. She looked across at him hard at work behind the bar. She was hot for him from the first moment they met. Two years ago she'd advertised in the New Zealand Herald for a Bar Manager to work nights. He interviewed for the job and of course got it. 

He looked up then and grinned knowingly at her. She smiled back and licked her lips leaving him in doubt of what she was thinking. He blew her a kiss before attempting to carry on with his work but she suspected he was affected by her little display. When he lost his grip on a glass and sent it crashing to the floor her suspicions were confirmed.  She laughed to herself as she watched him stoop down to sweep up the mess. If he felt half as horny as she felt now they were in for some fun tonight. When he got up again he looked at Alex and bared his teeth. She laughed and took another long seductive sip of her drink. She walked across to him and whispered, ‘I hope you know that's coming out of your wages.'

His reply, when it came, was for her ears only ‘With the state I know your pussy 

must be in right now I hardly think you're in a position to push me around .'

If she was surprised by his bluntness she hid it well. ‘Well Mr Coburn I shall consider myself well and truly chastised' she grinned.

‘I should think so Ms Pulsart. In fact I have a good mind to pull you across my knee and administer your punishment right now.'

‘Oh Mr Coburn you're such a tease.' She gushed. ‘You are so right. I have been a very naughty girl. I do apologise. I can't think what came over me. It's my mouth again. It can be so wicked sometimes.' Her hidden meaning was not lost on Joshua.

‘You horny little vixen,' He grinned. ‘Behave.'

‘But I don't want to behave,' she replied dipping a finger in her drink before drawing it between her luscious lips and sucking on it gently. She dipped it in again and was treated to a low moan from Joshua as he bent forward and sucked the gin off for her. He swirled his tongue around her digit and sucked her deeper into his mouth.

‘You're being very naughty Mr Coburn. Does your boss know you behave so shamelessly with your patrons.'

‘Yes. In fact it's included in my employment contract.

‘You have an answer for everything don't you Smartass?' she laughed

‘I'm sorry my name's Coburn but if you want I can get Smartass for you. She's my boss, Alex Smartass.'

‘I love your wit!'

‘ I love you! I want you!'

‘ I know my Baby.'

With that she swept herself off and started to mingle with some of her regulars. Leaving Joshua staring after her in horny wonder.

The Pulse was filling up fast with leftovers from the 70's. The 70's. It represented a dark time for fashion trends but the music of the era was second to none. When she had finished ensuring everyone was having a good time Alex returned to the end of the bar and waited for Joshua's shift to finish. She eyed him hungrily. His shoulder length black hair was pulled back in a tidy ponytail. His tight black t-shirt with The Pulse logo on it really showed off his muscle tone and the fact that she knew what was under that t-shirt made her pussy even wetter. His natural olive complexion was the icing on the cake. 

As long as she'd known him he'd been a fitness fanatic. As busy as he was with his studies and work he always made time for the gym. His body was testimony to this. He'd even managed to lure her into the gym and now she was as hooked as he was. She felt much calmer and in control of things since she started working out and of course her body was tighter and leaner for it. Yes, she admitted to herself, Joshua was good for her and The Pulse. She was a lucky lady, in business and in love.

The Pulse represented her first step towards independence. She worked her ass off to get it ready for opening night. Entertainment, catering, staff, uniforms the whole show was hers to run. She couldn't afford to screw anything up. Although she readily acknowledged her attraction for Joshua there was no time to act on it. She had so much riding on this she couldn't allow herself to be distracted. Aside from his obvious good looks Joshua soon proved his worth in other ways. He became Alex's right hand man, organising all liquor purchases, bar and catering supplies as well as staff rosters. He worked almost as hard as she did, spending, it seemed, nearly every waking hour at The Pulse. Six months after he started she was amazed to hear that he was also a full time student studying towards degrees in Law and Commerce. She was amazed at how little he had allowed his studies to impinge on his responsibilities to her. He never let her down once. From that point on she knew she could trust him implicitly. He was worth his weight in gold and she promptly gave him a raise. 

The Pulse continued to go from strength to strength and the current year to date figures went way beyond her wildest dreams. She could afford to hire two part timers to relieve Joshua so he could devote more time to his final exams and already she was looking to expand. Ponsonby Road had sure been good to her these past two years. It was now time to reap the harvest. She fingered the ring she wore on the chain around her neck. Yes, she thought to herself. It was definitely time to reap the harvest.


She waved Joshua over, ordered a drink for both of them and promptly told him his shift was finished. Gorgeous Joshua knew the play and made the drinks with a secret smile playing at his mouth. When his boss was hot she was hot. He let his eyes follow the curves of her flawless body, hugged tightly by her emerald green dress. He got hard just thinking of the sexy moves she used when she modelled it for him in Newmarket yesterday. He bought it on the spot.

As he made the drinks he remembered back to the night six months ago when they first made love, right here in The Pulse. She'd just finished tallying up the nights' takings and he was re-stocking the fridges behind the bar when she came up behind him and rubbed his cock suggestively. Then, as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened, she carried on into her office. He'd started working for her eighteen months before and during that time the sexual tension had continued to build. He was blown away by her right from the start. Her beautiful long auburn hair and her killer figure could always bring his cock to life but it was more than that. In his entire 30 years he was never committed to anything except himself. Now the whole picture had changed. Alex was everything to him. They had teased and prodded each other for eighteen long months. At last relief was in sight. 

He turned towards her and said, ‘Alex, finish what you started or I'll do it for you!!' 

She giggled and said, ‘Don't say anything you don't mean Joshua.'

‘Oh I mean it Alex.' He laughed to himself as he unzipped his Levi's and cupped his erection through his tight black Calvins. He loved the shock in womens' eyes when they saw his cock for the first time. When he was fully erect his cock stood a proud 10 inches. He savoured the moment but before too long the problem of his cock being confined to such a restrictive space became too big to hide. He stroked it one last time before pulling it up and out into the open. He looked up at Alex whose chin had hit the floor. All the bravado of a minute ago went flying out the window. Watching the trail her tongue made as it snaked out from between her teeth he continued to stroke himself to full erection. His angry circumcised head looked threatening as he continued to tease her. She focused on a vein that ran the length of his cock and imagined it pulsing with blood. For long minutes she was riveted to the spot, totally stunned by what she saw. Throwing his head back he started to pump his cock more vigorously. She saw the small eye at the tip start to weep his pre-come.

"Joshua!! My God!! She dropped on all fours and crawled along the floor until she was close enough to his cock to smell its' masculine scent. When she took the bulbous head into the warmth of her mouth he knew it was right.

Alex sucked just long enough to give him a taste of what lay ahead then got up and slowly began to unbutton her top. She slyly raised her head and looked straight into Joshua's eyes. They were as big as saucers. Summer was well under way and so was Alex's tan. The only tan line she had was her g-string and Joshua would discover that soon enough. Her large breasts were tanned to perfection. A deep golden brown. She rubbed her nipples until they were fully erect then offered him one to taste. He completely melted into her the second he took her nipple in and sucked. 

After a little while she pulled out of his mouth and led him to the stage in the middle of the bar. ‘We're the entertainment tonight Joshua. A private showing just for you and me. Do you like that idea?'

Incredibly Joshua got harder. He swallowed hard.

I've been a very naughty girl haven't I?' Reaching out to wrap her hands around his length.

‘Yes you have Alex. But don't worry I'm not thinking particularly good thoughts right now so that makes us even.' 

‘You mean you've been naughty too?' 

‘Oh yes. Very.' 

‘What are you thinking now Joshua?' Alex asked as she slipped her hand down the front of his jeans and rubbed his balls. 

Joshua flicked his head back and moaned. His eyes were closed and his hips were rotating slowly with Alex's hand. 

‘I'm thinking of all the positions I'm going to fuck you in tonight. I'm so hard for you Honey! I'm going to pump my cock in and out of your hot pussy until you beg for mercy and then I'm going to fuck you some more. We're going to go over the edge tonight Alex, just you and me all night long.' 

She felt her pussy grow wetter at his words and continued to watch him as she moved her hand up his length. He opened his eyes and smiled at her as he reached down and cupped her ass. 

‘You hand feels so good Alex. You're making me so hard I can't stand it. Kneel down and suck me again. Take me into your mouth and suck me hard. I want to explode in your mouth.' 

She nodded her acquiescence. He let her go and she backed away, removed her open blouse, kicked her boots off and slipped out of her jeans. She stood before him in a G-string and rubbed her hands over her taut stomach before hooking her fingers in her G-string and slowly pulling it down. He couldn't believe his luck. Alex was a fucking goddess. He held his cock at the base to stop himself from coming. He couldn't last much longer and she knew it. When she looked at Joshua, incredibly, his huge cock seemed to have grown bigger. It looked so angry and hard she couldn't wait to feel it pulsing inside her hot pussy. She feigned innocence and said ‘Is that for me?' 

Joshua laughed at her girlishness and said ‘Yeah baby. It's probably not the present I would buy for your mother but I'm sure you'll like it.' 

He was far from wrong. 

She was in awe of his cock. 

He was in awe of her. 

All the blood was pumping into Joshua's cock so fast he doubted he had blood in any other part of his body, let alone a pulse. He tore his clothes off and walked over to her. Alex came out of her daze and dropped to her knees to meet him halfway. She took all of him into her mouth and was instantly deep throating him. He moaned his approval and pulled her head closer to him. He rotated his hips all the time drilling deeper into her mouth. He kept his eyes open so he could watch his cock pump in and out. 

‘Alex you're a fucking miracle!' he screamed as he started to lose control . She wasn't letting go and he was losing it fast. His hips pumped faster and faster as he flicked his head from left to right. His long black hair was whirling wildly around his eyes. He wanted so much to pump his hot come into Alex's beautiful mouth. He gave up the ordeal of keeping his eyes open. As much as he wanted to see Alex suck him the sensations she was sending through his body made it completely impossible. 

‘Suck me. Harder. Harder. Alex I'm there Baby. Yeah. Pump it . Harder. Arghhhhhhh.' He was withdrawing his cock all the way now and slamming it back in. Not once did she let go. She was bad. 

‘Squeeze it baby. My balls. Aleeeeeeex.' She stroked his balls and held them tenderly when she felt him lose control. He snapped his eyes open just before his hot seed spurted into Alex's grateful mouth. He smiled down at her as she continued to suck his pulsating cock. There was a split second of complete calm as they grinned at each other. Then in a violent kaleidoscope of colour he exploded and completely lost it. 

‘It's coming Baby. Don't stop. Pump me Baby. Pump me hard.' He was still pumping into her mouth five minutes after his climax hit. His hot come was spilling down the sides of her mouth but he still couldn't stop. ‘Baby you're fucking killing me!' he moned. He dropped to his knees and she followed him down never once relinquishing her hold. He spread out onto his back and opened his legs wide bending them at the knees. He kept both hands on her head moving it counter to his hips as his spasms eased and he managed to get some control back. When all was calm again. He pulled Alex up and dragged her over his chest. 

‘You little witch. You knew I'd lose it. Alex grinned as she licked the corners of her mouth. Joshua held her until he caught his breath then a couple of minutes later he rolled her off his chest and directed her head down. To her complete and utter amazement she came face to face with 10 inches of solid cock. Joshua was ready to go again. 

She lay there absolutely stunned while he laughed out loud. 

‘Joshua I can't believe it. Feel what you're doing to me' 

She grabbed the index finger of his right hand. He willingly inserted it into her hot pussy and rotated it slowly. 

Laughing again he said. ‘Babe, you're pussy is all wet. Now how did that happen?' 

‘You rat, you know exactly how it happened. Now fuck me before I explode!'

She made a grab for his cock but he rolled away from her. He stood just out of her reach while she lay back in defeat. She smiled darkly at him and opened her long slim legs wider and wider. 

‘I'm going to make you burn for me Joshua. Watch me Baby.' Reaching down she started slowly stroking her clit. She bent her legs at the knees giving him an unencumbered view straight into her swollen lips. Joshua was hypnotised by her. Her hips started rotating as she whispered 

‘Fuck me Joshua. I want you inside me. You know how wet my pussy is. You'll just slide right in.' With that she entered her moist lips with her thumb and started withdrawing it. In and out. In and out. 

‘This could be you Joshua. This could be your hard cock fucking my tight pussy. In and out. In and out.......'

Joshua's attempts at teasing her had backfired. She withdrew her thumb from her steaming pussy and sucked it as he dropped to his knees between her outstretched legs cursing her under his breath. It was her turn to laugh in his face. 

He bent down and sucked on her clitoris while he spread her legs even further apart with his huge hands. She came in a shuddering climax less than a minute later. He sat up and grinned Licking her sweet juice from his lips he said ‘In a hurry were we?' 

She gave him a playful punch and brought him down into her arms for a bear hug.

Joshua rolled them over so Alex was on top. ‘Ride your man Baby. Sit on my fat cock and give both of us a long ...... hard ...... ride.' She positioned her pussy above his cock and traced the tip along her throbbing clit.

‘C'mon Baby don't make me wait, I need you so badly. I want your hot pussy around my cock. Can you do that for me Honey?' 

For an instant his eyes became loving but then clouded over before Alex could identify it.

Alex moved from her knees onto her feet and squatted just above the tip of Joshua's throbbing cock. Innocently she looked down at her saturated pussy. 

Joshua's eyes followed hers down. The sight that met him almost drove him over the edge. Her pussy lips were so swollen and wet he instantly licked his lips desperate to be reminded of the taste of her.

‘Fuck me Alex. Hurry. I want it now Baby.'

Alex put her right hand under his chin and slowly brought his face up. While she looked straight into Joshua's eyes she brought her other hand down to the base of his cock and holding it slowly guided the tip into her hot pussy. 

Alex continued to look directly into Joshua's eyes and started to tell him exactly what she was going to do to make him come again and again and again.

‘Joshua I want you to see your cock go in and out of my pussy. See how wet you've made me Babe. Your cock is going to be so slick with my juices. Each time you drive it into me you're going to see everything.' 

‘Do it Baby. Ride me. Take me into your tight pussy and fuck me' Joshua reached up, grabbed Alex's swaying breasts and squeezed. With a glint in her eye she looked at him then brought her pussy crashing down. She screamed at the welcome intrusion of cock into pussy and brought herself up high on the balls of her feet only to come crashing down again. And again. And again. Neither of them could slow down after that. They were enslaved by their desires in a desperate bid to feel the pleasure they both knew would come. Joshua moved his hands onto Alex's hips so he could bring her down harder. He brought his hips up to meet each of her thrusts until they both started to lose control. The pace was spectacular and the view he got of his cock going in and out of her hot pussy was too much. He could feel his juices threatening to explode up from his tight balls but Alex hadn't come yet. He was running out of time ...... fast. Before he lost it completely he tore his eyes away from his slick cock and looked up into Alex's beautiful eyes. She smiled at him and he felt an immediate rush of tenderness for her. He laughed to himself at the irony of his feelings for her when his cock was being anything but tender. 

‘Come for me Baby.' He encouraged. ‘Let me see your face while you come. Do it Baby. Do it.' He still had control. But just. Alex tossed her head back and rode harder. ‘Come Baby. Come for me. You know how to do it. Yeah. That's it. Good girl. Fuck me Baby. Fuck me. Yeah. Up and down. Up and down. Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh.' 

Alex snapped her eyes open and let herself go. ‘Joshua. I'm there. I'm there. Fuuuuuuuuuuck..............' A split second later Joshua lost complete control. They both closed their eyes as sensation after glorious sensation took total control of their willing bodies. His hot come beat into her tight pussy. He couldn't stop it now even if he wanted to. The onslaught of their joint climaxes grew stronger and stronger and they were both powerless to do anything except ride it out. Joshua's hot spurts of come continued to burst from his cock again and again and again. He opened his eyes in time to see Alex's hair fly in all directions around her whirling head as she succumbed to her powerful climax. Her beautiful breasts were bouncing everywhere. He couldn't resist rubbing her erect nipples with his open palms. This is the way he liked a woman to ride him; with total abandon. She was beautiful. He thrust up and up until Alex had milked every last drop of come from his pulsating cock. 

Ten minutes later they were still fighting for control. The violent spasms had eased but they still found themselves grinding erotically against each other. With his cock still deep in her tight pussy Joshua opened his eyes and saw Alex still riding him as the last of the sensations ripped through her body. Just watching her ride him, with her eyes closed and her chin high, was enough to make him come again but Alex had already pumped him dry. Eventually she seemed to come back to him. Opening her eyes she stared down into Joshua's sleepy smile. ‘Joshua' she whispered tiredly. ‘You are so good!! I probably can't ever walk again but you were worth every crippling second.' They both laughed. Realising they never kissed and suddenly desperate to Joshua brought himself up on one elbow and reached up to plant a kiss on her exceptionally capable mouth. She backed away from him with a twinkle in her eyes and said. ‘Joshua. What kind of girl do you think I am? I don't kiss on the first date.' 
