 A Halloween Fantasy with John and Cassie

I lay back against the pillows with my wrists and ankles tied to the bed and looked into the eyes of my lover.  His face was covered with an intricate mask, but I could see his eyes.  I would recognize those light green eyes anywhere.  He was kneeling between my legs.  Almost, but not quite roughly, he pinched and rolled the hard erect nipples between his fingers.  I could feel the heat of his cock as he pushed forward without warning.  I gasped.  In an instant, he had shoved the whole length of himself into my warm and waiting pussy.

He pumped and pumped, thrusting his rock hard cock into me.  I moaned beneath him.

He leaned over and grasped my breasts, first one and then the other.  He began to suck on my erect nipples.  Oh his mouth was wonderful.  He licked and sucked on my nipples.  He alternated the pressure between soft and gentle and firm and demanding all the while fucking me with his massive cock.

This man was incredible.  I withered and strained against the red silk ties.  I had dreamed of being tied up by a lover.  Of course the only lover I would ever trust was this man.  He had always respectfully declined.

For a moment I wondered what had changed.  But the feeling of him inside me was demanding my attention and I quickly was consumed by the feelings.

It was Halloween, a night for young and old to dress up, don a costume and assume a new identity.  It was a night of fun and games, of tricks and treats.  I was looking forward to the yearly neighborhood party.  It was always filled with a mix of new and old acquaintances, great food, and wonderful music.

I had taken time to prepare myself.  The late afternoon shower was hot.  I washed my hair and soaped my body with the special jasmine perfume that I knew John liked.  I made sure that my legs were shaved clean and smooth and that the little heart shaped patch of hair above my pussy was neat and trimmed.  I applied a liberal amount of ‘Nipple Nibbler” on my nipples.  I could feel them begin to tingle and stand erect.  I hoped the feeling would last, but just in case, I slipped the small jar into my evening bag.   I also had my battery operated bullet.  A woman and her portable bullet; a match made in heaven.

I carefully applied my makeup.  I curled my hair and piled it onto my head, held with a comb of black and red feathers.  Dressing had been a bit of a challenge. How had those girls gotten into these corsets?  Perhaps they helped each other.  I was on my own.

I shimmied into the black lace merry widow and carefully adjusted my body until everything felt right.  The tops of my breasts, including just part of each nipple peeked over the top of the black lace.  I slid my legs into the black net stockings and hooked them to the garters attached to the corset.  I slid the black lace panties over the stockings.  All the easier to remove later.  John had taught me that trick.  I slipped into my short black suede boots and caught a glimpse of my self in the mirror. 

Wow!  I was looking good.

As a middle aged woman, granted the parts were not quite as firm and tight as they had been, but the several pounds I had lost over the past few months had brought my figure into a very acceptable hourglass shape.  I had never been and would never be, one of those stick thin skinny model types.  My body was soft and curvy.  I liked it that way and John did too.  “I like a little meat on a woman,” I remembered him saying.


John and I had been lovers for several years.  He had been my best friend, the most considerate, compatible and satisfying lover I had ever know and a wonderful companion.  Then something happened.  I’m not sure what.  John had decided that he wanted to date other women.  While certainly not happy about the request, what could I do?  I asked to be included in the selection of women he would date and initially that seemed to work.  Over time, it grew awkward.  Our feeling for each other weren’t parallel and now it was obvious that we wanted different things.  I had not seen or talked to John in several months.

I wondered if he would be attended this Halloween Party.  I was hoping he would.  I was looking forward to seeing him again.  I wondered, as I continued to dress if we would recognize each other.

I slid the red taffeta dress over my head, being careful not to muss my hair and the feathers.  I pushed the neckline down over my shoulders to expose both the tops of my arms and the tops of my breasts.  I cinched a black leather belt around my waist and added dangling black earrings to complete the look.

Oh and the mask.  I had a beautiful black and red feather and sequin mask that I had gotten on a trip to New Orleans.  But that would have to wait until right before I got out of the car.  Otherwise I might never get to this party; never get to John.

I arrived at the party a little early.  That was my habit.  If you weren’t a bit early, you were late.  I helped the hostess complete the preparations; setting out food and lighting candles.  Guests were starting to arrive.  I heard our host, crank up the music and suddenly the party was in full swing.

There was a gal with a lampshade on her head and a cardboard box around her body.  She was a night stand.  There was an Elvis impersonator, a man dressed like a woman and a woman dressed like a man.  Everyone was in costume and there was a festive mood in the air.

I poured myself a drink and mingled with the guests.  I kept an eye open for the familiar body that I had known so intimately for the last several years.

There was a large man dressed in the gunmail of a medieval knight.  A mesh mask covered his face.  The body looked about the right size, but I wasn’t sure.  He was across the room and I needed to see his eyes.

As I made my way across the room, I felt his eyes on me.  I turned to the door just as some new guests were walking in.  And I knew.  I could feel him looking at me.

He was dressed as a riverboat gambler; tight black trousers tucked into shiny beautiful black leather boots.  His vest was a rich red brocade.  He wore a charcoal grey striped coat and at his neck was a crisp white ruffle from a heavily starched linen shirt.  The black felt hat was pulled down over his salt and pepper hair.  He removed it with a flourish as he greeted the hostess with a kiss.  An intricate soft black leather mask covered most of his face.  Only his mouth and chin were exposed.

He released the hostess from his embrace and looked directly at me.  He nodded and tipped his hat as he set it back on his head.

I knew.  I just knew it was John.  He looked fabulous and I could feel my pussy start to moisten with just the sight of him.  Oh my gosh.  I had hoped that we would both find our way to this party and back to each other.  I was half way there.  And I was scared.  What should I do now?  What was I going to say to him?

I turned back to my knight in silver armor.  I knew now that it was not John, but none the less I smiled up at him and started to flirt.  We talked and laughed and I was enjoying myself.  I never stopped thinking about John.  I would occasionally catch a glimpse of him moving about the room meeting and greeting.  He laughed easily and smiled frequently.  It was the sociable man I remembered.  Always ready to make a friend of a stranger.  My heart was beating wildly and suddenly I found myself unable to speak.

I stuttered as I excused myself.  I needed to catch my breath.  I walked quickly to the stairs, intending to use the bathroom off the master bedroom upstairs.  I knew my hosts wouldn’t mind.  I needed some time and didn’t want to monopolize the downstairs powder room in the middle of the party.  I needed a few minutes alone with my bullet.

As I made my way up the staircase, I turned to look over the room.  My eyes met those of the gambler. I could feel him undressing me.  He knew better than anyone what lay under my fancy red dress.  He knew every inch of my body and exactly how to touch me to tease, arouse and satisfy.  In addition to my beating heart, my pussy was beginning to throb.  After all this time, just the sight of him and I wanted him.  Oh, how I wanted him.

Closing the door quietly behind me, I leaned against the vanity breathing heavily. With one hand I reached my hand under my dress and fingered my wet pussy.  With the other I tweaked one of the nipples peaking out of the black lace.  My eyes were closed.  I was remembering; caught up in the intensity of the moment and the memories.

I didn’t hear the door open.  Suddenly I could feel him.  My eyes flashed open as his mouth came down on mine.  His kisses ware strong and insistent.  His lips opened and he slid his tongue into my mouth.   My mouth responded instantly.  I opened and my tongue met his.  Our tongues danced, probing firmly and quickly.  There was no foreplay.  There was no need.

As his tongue continued to play with mine, he lifted me up and set me on the edge of the vanity.  His hands moved to slide open his zipper and I could feel the heat rise as he pulled his rock hard, hot cock out of his pants.  His mouth never left mine.  His kisses were deep and open and demanding.  He slid aside my panties and thrust himself into me.  I cried aloud, but there was no one to hear and his mouth muffled my cry.

He slid his cock deep inside me.  He was huge and hard.  He was just like I remembered.  In and out.  Out and in.  He pushed hard and deep.  I moaned into his kisses.  He never stopped with his mouth and his tongue as he fucked me.

I was so ready for him.  I could feel myself shaking all over as the orgasm began to build inside me.  He continued to thrust.  In and out.  Out and in.  He was strong and insistent and never slowed.  My hands gripped his shoulders and I could feel the strength of his muscles through his coat.  He reached one hand down and fingered my swollen clit.  That was it.  That was all I needed and I felt myself going over the edge.

As my body convulsed with the strength of my own orgasm, I felt the familiar feeling of the extra push that always had signaled his approaching orgasm.   Finally, he pulled his mouth away from mine and closed his eyes.  With one last final thrust he came deep inside me.  I felt his warm cum mingling with my own pussy juices.  

After what seemed an eternity, he opened his eyes.  He leaned over and kissed me gently as he folded his still enlarged penis into his pants.  He turned and walked out of the bathroom.  He never said a word.

I don’t know how long I sat there before I slide down off the vanity.  So much for the bullet.  It was no match for this man.  My heart was still beating wildly and I was gasping for air.  I reached for a clean washcloth and ran the warm water.  I gently cleaned my throbbing pussy.  Then I caught a glimpse of my face behind the mask.  

I had felt the roughness of his beard as he was kissing me.  My mouth and chin were swollen and red.  I sat there for a few more minutes holding a now cold wash cloth on my mouth, hoping that the guests downstairs would not notice how long I had been gone and the look of me.  One look at myself in the mirror and I saw a woman who had just recently been properly fucked.

I made my way slowly down the stairs.  I saw the gambler across the room talking and laughing.  His eyes caught mine and watched me as I made my way into the kitchen.  Our hostess was preparing the coffee.  I told her I was feeling a bit lightheaded.  I thanked her for her hospitality; asked her to say goodnight to her husband for me and headed out the door.

Just as I reached my car, I heard the footsteps behind me.  I turned and there he was.

“I want more.  I’ll follow you home.”

I just nodded.  I couldn’t quite find my voice.  I got in the car, took off my mask and pulled into the street.  I didn’t recognize the car that pulled up behind me, but he flashed his lights and I took that as a sign that he was ready to follow.

I drove the short distance to my home in a daze.  Had I been stopped, the officer would have probably thought I was drugged.  I was still reeling from the fucking I had received in the bathroom.  If in fact the gambler was John, it was a quickie for him.  Sex with John, in addition to being very satisfying, had always lasted a very long time.  I wasn’t surprised that he wanted more.  I did too.

I pulled into the garage and walked to the door.  The gambler got out of a car that I didn’t recognize.  He still wore his mask.  For the first time, I wondered.  Was it possible that this man was not John?  No.  Even though I had not been with him in a long while, I could never forget the look and feel of him.  Could I?  No. He just got a new car I told myself.  As he followed me into the house and up the stairs to my bedroom, I was just a bit nervous about this strong and confident gambler.

In my bedroom, I turned on the lights and the music.  I moved toward him expecting to be gathered into his embrace.  He looked at me, grabbed my shoulders and quickly pushed me down on the trunk at the end of the bed.  He unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock.  I knew.

I reached forward and encircled his already hardening cock in my hands.  I leaned forward and began to lightly kiss the tip.  My mouth opened and I slowly sucked his cock into my mouth. I could feel him growing and engorging inside my mouth.  Oh he felt so good.  I loved to suck his cock.  It was the perfect size for my mouth.  

I had a lot of moisture from my mouth and I was moving my mouth slowly up and down the full length of his shaft.  As my mouth reached the base, I took all of him deep into my throat.  The tip of his cock tickled the back of my throat.  Up and down my mouth slid.  

I took him from the side and slid the strength of my tongue up and down along the full length of his cock.  I sucked the tip deeply and then ran the tip of my tongue under the ridge at the head.  I used my hand to grasp him firmly at the base while my mouth worked its magic on his shaft.  I was in heaven.  I loved to suck his cock.

He lifted my head away from his penis and for a moment looked into my eyes.  I was waiting for him to say something.  He was still silent.  I found myself unable to speak.

He lifted me from the chest and moved to take my place.  His pants were now around the ankles of his boots.  I turned around and he put one large black leather boot and then the other between my legs.  I slowly eased off the boots and then his pants.  He stood to remove his coat, vest and linen shirt.  He did not remove his mask.  I was afraid to ask; afraid that I might discover that this was not John.  I gazed at him; taking in every inch of the body that had once been even more familiar than my own.

He stood to untie the leather belt around my waist.  He lifted the red dress over my head.  I stood before him in the black lace merry widow and the black fishnet stockings.  The panties were long gone.

For a moment he just looked at me.  He moved toward me and his fingers found the tips of my nipples peeking over the top of the merry widow.  His mouth found mine.  He was a bit softer this time, seemingly aware of how the roughness of the stubble of his beard had bruised me earlier.  His kisses were just bit sweeter, more gentle.  He moved his lips slowly down my neck and across my shoulder.  His fingers moved to my pussy just as his mouth replaced them on my nipples.  He slid his fingers into my already hot wet pussy.  He finger fucked me as he kissed and sucked on each nipple in turn.  I heard him murmur and wondered if he tasted the sweetness of the “Nipple Nibbler”.  Even though I had it in my purse, I had never had the opportunity to replenish it.

I was moaning and having trouble standing.  As my knees grew weaker I leaned into him.  He could take my weight.  He was a big, strong man, but it made the angles of approach difficult.  

He took my hand and led me to the bed.  With a quick swoosh, the extra pillows were on the floor and he pulled back the coverlet, comforter and sheet.  I lay back against the pillows.  He walked away.  I wondered where he was going, when I saw the small black valise that he had evidently carried in with him.  He went to it and pulled out a handful of red fabric.  He walked back to the bed separating the pieces of fabric.

He reached for one hand and then the other, slowly tying each to the bed.  Then he moved to my feet.  He reached for each one, gently removing the suede boots and taking a moment to kiss and caress my toes before tying them to the footboard.  His hands moved up and down the length of my legs over the fishnet stockings.   His fingers slipped under the tops of my stockings and occasionally found their way into my swollen wet pussy.

I lay back against the pillows with my wrists and ankles tied to the bed and looked into the eyes of my lover.  His face was still covered with the intricate mask, but I could see his eyes.  I would recognize those light green eyes anywhere.  He was kneeling between my legs.  Almost, but not quite roughly, he pinched and rolled the hard erect nipples between his fingers.  I could feel the heat of his cock as he pushed forward without warning.  I gasped.  In an instant, he had shoved the whole length of himself into my warm and waiting pussy.

He pumped and pumped, thrusting his rock hard cock into me.  I moaned beneath him.

He leaned over and grasped my breasts, first one and then the other.  He began to suck on my erect nipples.  Oh his mouth was wonderful.  He licked and sucked on my nipples.  He alternated the pressure between soft and gentle and firm and demanding all the while fucking me with his massive cock.

This man was incredible.  I withered and strained against the red silk ties.  I had dreamed of being tied up by a lover.  Of course the only lover I would ever trust was this man.  He had always respectfully declined.

For a moment I wondered what had changed.  But the feeling of him inside me was demanding my attention and I quickly was consumed by the feelings.

His cock inside me was hard and hot.  My pussy was wet and slippery.  In and out he thrust.  My vaginal orgasms were coming quickly and repeatedly.

His cock slid out of my pussy and rubbed against my hard clit.  Then he allowed it to slip down and tickle my ass.  Over and over again he teased me and pleased me.  He was amazing.  He knew I wanted his cock in my ass, but it had been a long time.  

He reached over to my goodie box and grabbed an anal plug.  He gently eased it into my ass and continued to pump and thrust his cock into my pussy.  I was on the edge and could feel my orgasm building.  He reached over again and grabbed a vibrator.  He positioned the vibrating wonder against my clit and continued to pump and thrust his cock into my pussy.  It put me over the edge and I found myself crying out.  This time his mouth did not muffle the sound, but there was no one to hear.  

Some how the restraints, not being able to touch him, added an element of frustration to the orgasm and made it so much more intense.  My whole body quivered underneath him as I spilled my own load deep in my swollen wet pussy.

He watched me.  He had always enjoyed watching my face as I came over and over.

On his knees between my legs, he slowed and just held himself inside me.  He reached out and with one tug on each, all the restraints were loosened.

I raised my stocking clad legs high in the air and he moved closer into me.  He pushed even harder inside me.  His pace quickened.  I reached up and gently tweaked his hard erect nipples.  I heard his breath catch and his cock grew even harder.  He leaned forward against the headboard and pushed one last time and held.  I could feel the pulsating of his cock inside me as he again spilled the warm sweet seed deep into my warm and waiting pussy.
