 Chapter 2: Busted

On my way home I couldn't stop thinking about our night together. How soft her skin was and how smooth and sexy she felt writhing around underneath me and on top of me. Her smell was still fresh on my lips. Her succulent juice of love almost smelled fruity, not to mention the perfume she wore drove me insane. I was still having a hard time coming to grips that I had fucked what I considered to be the ultimate young woman. Ah, how would I ever be able to look at her the same?

I had planned on stopping by the local adult shop to pick up some items for our little date tonight, maybe some sexy lube, a vibrator for her, and maybe something for myself. I got to thinking though that the hour was getting late and I might have to wait until this afternoon when the wife would be getting ready to go back to work. Moreover I was still worried about Casey, and Amanda's firm assuredness that she wouldn't suspect a thing. Still I was worried. I was about a mile from the house and realized that Casey had said the night before that she had conditioning practice early this morning around 5am. I was sure she would still be there. My plan was to pull into the garage and make my way posthaste to my bedroom and sleep off my night of indiscretion. My tongue and cock were sore and I needed a break badly so as to be ready for tonight.

I rounded the corner to our street and saw Casey's car parked in the driveway. I immediately stopped the vehicle. I was getting nervous and began to go over excuses that I would need to explain my not being home all night. 

"Oh God she's gonna find out!" I said to myself.

I had to be cautious. I would creep into the driveway as quiet as possible and park the car in the bay next to the garage. Casey wouldn't think to look there for my car. Then I could just make my way in the backdoor and up the stairs to my room and I would be home free. It had to work; besides she was probably in bed.

I gently pulled the car as quietly as possible into the bay, shut it off, and opened the door. I slithered out like the beast I had become and quietly made my way around the back walk. When I reached the privacy fence surrounding the pool I stopped and trained an ear on some familiar noises. There was splashing coming from the pool. No voices, just splashing. I gently crept up to the fence and peered through the openings in the slats. At first I could not see much and then I saw her. Casey was in the pool swimming, doing a breaststroke. I followed her all the way to the ladder and to my surprise she emerged from the pool completely naked. As much as I was enamored with Amanda I decided to sit and watch for a while. After all my stepdaughter was hot, but completely the opposite of Amanda. She was tall and very thin with fair skin and deep piercing green eyes. Long blond hair framed her long, olive shaped face. Yes they were quite the opposites and nearly equally as beautiful.

Casey began drying herself and was lying down on the pool deck rubbing lotion on her stomach and thighs. I got an instant hardon just watching and couldn't help but massage my sore dick through my shorts. She poured the lotion onto her chest and I watched as the viscous oil streamed down her breasts in rivulets and collected at her fair nipples. She rubbed it in, paying careful attention to getting enough on her nipples. With each pass she made her nipples became more and more erect until they were standing at full attention. She was making little moaning sounds as she rubbed in the oil. At this time I was ready for more fucking, and I didn't care whom, even if it was my stepdaughter.

Out of the corner of the cabana that I could barely see I thought I saw another figure walking over to Casey. As the figure came into full view I saw that it was Angie, another one of Casey's friends from volleyball. She was almost a mirror image of my little girl, but with red hair instead of blond and a little less thin, more muscular, and taller even than me. I watched as she performed the same naked ritual as Casey had just done. All the oil, all the skin, all the tits and ass were driving me over the edge. I had to get to my room to relieve myself. My memories of Amanda didn't fade. If anything they grew stronger as this wild sexual instinct took hold of me.

I entered through the backdoor by the gate. I very cautiously walked in front of the patio door and made my way to the staircase to my bedroom. At the bottom step I began fumbling to take off my sandals since I knew they would make noise as I climbed the steps. In one instant of inattention a sandal fell from my hand and landed hard on the ceramic foyer floor. Just as this happened I heard the patio door open. I tried to collect myself quickly but as I turned around Casey was standing there wearing nothing but a very short cover up.

"Where have you been?" She said, frowning.

"Oh, I'm just coming back from a clients'. I had to do some new networking and provide some more security against some spyware threats." I lied.

"Did you just come home or were you here last night?"

"I was here for a little while after I took Amanda home, maybe an hour or so."

"You could have fooled me." She said. "I was up 'til after 2 and didn't hear you come in at all."

"Well you must have just missed me." I stammered. "I was here and then got called out about 3am. Didn't you have conditioning this morning?"

"We were supposed to but it was canceled. I met Angie at the gym and we decided to just come back here for a swim and relaxation after the big win yesterday. Did you get Amanda home alright?"

"Oh, yes. I got her there just fine." My face began to flush.

"Hmm." She said. "Funny that when I spoke to her this morning she said you guys had a little trouble making it to her house."

"Trouble?" I said. "There wasn't any trouble. Just some construction on the roads made it a little more difficult."

I couldn't think of anything else to say. There was no construction on the roads to Amanda's and Casey knew it. She glared at me a little, but in a playful way.

"So how was she?" Casey asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, how was she? Was she everything you always expected her to be?"

"I'm not sure I understand what you mean. She was fine." I stammered again.

"Greg, come into the living room. I need to talk to you."

With that she turned and began walking back to the living room. I followed closely trying to figure out what I was going to do, even though I quickly lost my train of thought watching her walk in her cover up as the rear end of it rose to show her beautiful, round, white ass. When we reached the living room she sat on the sofa and told me to sit with her. I did as she asked.

"It's OK, Greg, Dad." She said reassuringly. "I know everything that happened at Amanda's last night right down to the last thrust of your cock into her tight virgin ass."

This shocked me incredibly and I began to shake. I didn't know what else to do or say, except some words of culpability and contrition.

"Please, baby, try to understand. I don't want to hurt you or mom, but I couldn't help myself. I've always thought Amanda was hot and she came onto me. What was I supposed to do? I was afraid that if I didn't do anything she may tell you that I came on to her or something, and I was so horny. Oh, God. I can't believe this is happening. Please don't tell your mother."

"Oh please, Greg." She said jokingly. "Do you actually think I'm going to tell the queen of frigidity that her husband had sex with my 18 year old best friend? There's nothing in it for me to do that. Amanda called me this morning and told me all about it. She had a really great time and she is looking forward to tonight. You didn't actually think that she wouldn't tell me did you? We are best friends and don't hide anything from each other. Besides, she's always wanted to fuck you. You know she was a virgin right? And she saved herself until the right moment so that you could take her maidenhead. I think it's sweet and sexy as hell that she saved it for you."

"You don't think I'm a pervert?" I said, visibly very nervous.

"C'mon dad, I think it's sexy, and I know you had a great time. How could you call that being a pervert? You did what any other man would have done. So, tell me, how many times did you make her cum? How many times did she make you cum?"

Casey's cover up was slowly drifting down her milky white chest until the top of her pubic hairline was visible. Her tits were still covered but her nipples stood out prominently against the thin white material. I was losing my train of thought. I was being hammered in too many directions at once. I was so distracted that I could not answer her question.

"Oh, well, you don't have to tell me. I already know anyway. What a fucking man you must be." She mused.

"I don't know what to say." I said quietly.

"It's not what you have to say, Greg, it's what you have to do."

"What I have to do?" I said puzzled.

"Yes. Here's the deal. I think you'll like it. I helped Amanda set all this up so she could win her dream night with you, and you could finally have sex again since I know mom doesn't give you any, but with one tiny exception you don't know about."

I exhaled as I spoke. "And that would be?"

A smile crossed her full, pursed, pink lips.

"In order for me not to ever allude to mom that any of this happened you have to fuck my other friend Angie right now, while I watch."

I was astonished and my mind was reeling. I felt trapped. I was excited but still very scared. I was afraid I was getting myself in deeper and that I would be found out by my wife and then the parents of these girls would find out. They are all of legal age but Jesus I would surely be labeled a pervert. I thought this over before I spoke.

"So, you want me to fuck Angie, while you, the girl I've had since you were little, watches?" I asked, finally.

"No, not only do I want you to, you have to. I promised Angie that you would. She, like many of the other friends I have, wants to fuck you too." She smiled now.

A voice in my head immediately yelled out, "Like many of her other friends!" My God, this could be a real meat market. 

"What about you?" I said. "Aren't you going to get a little hot watching this?"

"Oh, I intend to, and I might even join in. I won't fuck you though Greg. It's not that I don't want to 'cause you're sexy as hell, but you are basically my dad. Maybe while you're doing Angie, I'll do myself and maybe play a little with Angie too."

I couldn't fucking believe this was happening. I swear I've died and gone to heaven. I get to fuck my girl's other best friend while she watches, and then get to see her in some lesbian action, and what's more I get to go back to Amanda's tonight for more, steamy one on one, and possibly may get to fuck more of her volleyball team if more of them, supposedly, find me sexy. I couldn't say no. The animal in me would not allow it.

"How could I possibly say no baby?" I said. Let's go out to the pool to see Angie. 

She smiled and giggled a little then jumped up from the couch. Her cover up fell to the floor around her ankles and my eyes were greeted with pert, light pink nipples and a tiny blond bush. She was beautiful, but I agreed with her decision not to fuck me. I would have a hard time fucking her anyway, but I have no problem with her helping me get laid.

"Casey." I said. "What's happened to your modesty?"

"Well it was hardly on anyway, and besides where we're going I won't need it."

"Do you like the way I look?" She said.

"I think you're hot as hell sweetie. Now let's go see how Angie stacks up."

I followed her out the patio door to the pool. I stopped her midstream because I just got a horrible thought.

"Casey do you realize your mom is due home in less than an hour?" I said

"Nah, she won't be home. She called and she has to pull another 24 hour."

This was great. The wife was gone until sometime early tomorrow morning and here I was with these two goddesses. God I'm lucky.

We approached Angie as she lay on the chaise lounge, still naked, and with the scent of coconut and strawberry lingering in the air around her. Her eyes were closed and she was wearing dark sunglasses. As we stood there I admired her gorgeous figure. She was no doubt over 6ft tall with fair freckled skin that looked smooth as silk. Her breasts were very full and her nipples were small but erect. I noticed that her pussy was completely shaven except for a very thin line of short red hair that ran from just above her pubic bone to the top of her slit. Her legs were so long that I was sure she could wrap them around me and touch her heels to her knees. I was hot as hell and my cock was throbbing. 

"Hey Ange." Casey said. "Are you ready for this?"

Angie sat up on the lounger. "Jeez, Greg I hope you don't think I'm some sort of slut or something, but I can't help myself. I'm just so horny all the time. Amanda said you were really hot and could last a long time. Most guys our age are in and then it's done, and all they care about is that they get off. They don't care about how we feel. I need a real man to fuck me."

She scooted closer to the edge of the lounger as Casey moved away to another lounge chair just to the right.

"Come here sweetie." I said. 

I stood at the foot of the lounge chair as Angie moved all the way down to the bottom. Her head was right in front of my crotch and my erection stood out like a log. I looked over at Casey and she was preparing a dildo with a little lube and she looked at me and shook her head yes, as if to say, "Go get it pops!" I didn't have to go get it though because Angie was already firmly clawing at my waistband to get my shorts off.

"Here, let me help." I said as I undid the tie and slipped the shorts off. My cock sprang out like a snake striking. Angie looked pleased with what she saw.

"God, Greg. I never thought it would be that big." Casey said, still lubing up her toy.

"Mmm." Said Angie, hungrily eyeing my manhood.

Unlike Amanda I could tell immediately that Angie was going to go right at it. There was no doubt that she had had a few cocks in her mouth before, and as she reached out and grabbed hold of me I knew I was correct.

Angie went for my cock like a little leaguer goes for a hot dog. She swirled her mouth around the head and then moved her head all the way forward until the shaft disappeared in her mouth. I felt her let out a little groan and flinch as my cock struck the back of her throat. She took a minute to get her breath and then started a nice sucking rhythm with her mouth all the while stroking me with her hand. You would think that I would cum almost immediately but I was still spent from the night before and even though it felt unbelievably good, I was going to make this last as long as possible. Angie fingered herself as she sucked and I could hear the all too familiar squishing of wetness between her legs.

While I was getting sucked Casey treated me to some great eye candy. She had now begun to rub her wet cunt with the dildo she had lubed. She was moaning and flinching irregularly as the toy moved over her little clit.

I could now feel that my orgasm was imminent so I quickly jerked my cock out of Angie's mouth. She made a noise of despondency as I left her, but that wouldn't last long. I dropped to my knees and grabbed her by the hips and pushed her back into the lounge chair. 

I looked up at what had to be the best trim job on a pussy that I had ever seen. Her outer lips were perfectly smooth and my intention was to make my way there just the way I made my way to Amanda's last night. In the middle of her I could see the clear wetness dripping from her love tunnel. I started on her right foot and devoured her long leg. I stopped just where her inner thigh met her pussy and then I quickly blew a puff of air on her snatch. She trembled with delight. Then I made my way to her left leg. I intended to eat this girl's entire body. I spent several minutes on her legs and then made my way to her small but rock hard nipples. She clawed at my back as I lapped at her titties. I didn't spend long there, feeling the growing wetness between her legs. She was begging me to eat her and I went right to work.

I nipped and sucked every inch of her beautifully shaven outer lips. They were blistering red when I was finished. She was moaning now very loudly and Casey was begging me to dive in so she could watch. I opened her little lips with my fingers to expose her erect clit. I went at it gently at first, and then with ever increasing pressure, I sucked it all into my mouth. I spent a long time licking and sucking her sweet pussy while intermittently fingering her little asshole.

Angie never told me when she was cumming, but I could tell she came several times during this episode. Her moans only matched by those of Casey as she fucked herself with her toy. Angie wrapped her long strong legs around me and grabbed me by the hair and pulled me on top of her. She probed my mouth hungrily with her long tongue as she reached for my cock and brought it into striking range of her dripping wet pussy. 

Casey was moaning that she was cumming and I looked over to see her angrily fucking herself with the dildo she had. I wanted to watch her more but then Angie moved my dick right to her pussy and took a stab downward and buried my cock in her tight, wet box. She sighed as I nearly struck rock bottom. This hungry girl was going to be more of a challenge than Amanda was. Keeping pace with her would be difficult but I relished in the opportunity to fuck her.

I started with some long deep strokes followed by shallower more circular thrusts. Angie met my every move no matter what I tried to throw at her.

"Fuck me hard, Greg. Fuck me fast." She said breathlessly.

I increased my rhythm and the force of my strokes as I buried myself deep and ground her pussy dry. Angie clawed at my ass, pulling me into her. This girl was fucking me instead of the other way around. I didn't care though, her pussy felt great.

"Turn over now." She said. "I want to be on top."

Who was I to say no?

Angie climbed on top of me and lowered her raw, dripping pussy onto my cock. She was driving me crazy. She took every last inch of me into her as Casey came up behind her with a stainless steel vibrator. Casey was lubing up the toy and as she moved closer I could tell by its size that it was made for an asshole. 

Angie laid her body on top of me while keeping our fucking rhythm slow. Casey knelt down at our side.

"Spread her ass cheeks apart Greg." She said.

I reached down and grabbed hold of Angie's tight little ass while Casey moved back to see her target. She told Angie to stop moving for a minute. Angie stopped and began to moan and whimper, as she knew what was coming next. Casey inserted the whole of the dildo into Angie's ass and turned on the power. Angie began bucking uncontrollably and even I could feel the powerful vibrations from the device from inside Angie's pussy. Casey began fucking Angie's ass with the dildo as Angie started working on my cock again. I wasn't going to last long with Angie riding me like this and Casey working her ass with the dildo. I didn't have to worry about it too much. Just as I was thinking I was going to cum Angie let out a scream and convulsed. I could feel her pussy trembling as my orgasm came upon me. I began thrusting harder and faster, sinking my whole cock into her. My balls rose in my scrotum as the first jets of hot cum flooded the inside on Angie's pussy. She moaned with delight as she felt my juice coat her insides. 

She collapsed on top of me after I came. Casey removed the ass toy from Angie and lay down next to us on the pool deck. I was completely spent and couldn't help but think that I really needed to save some for Amanda tonight.
