 I'm just a regular guy named Frank with the prerequisite wife, two kids, house with a huge mortgage and a dog. My life has been ordinary- that is, until I met Alexa. My gawd, just saying her name now makes me want to... But wait, I'm getting ahead of myself. Let me tell you how we met. 

It was my fortieth birthday and my wife had thrown me a little soiree. Nothing fancy, just a backyard barbeque with about twenty friends and neighbors. Jim, my next door neighbor was standing against the white gazebo I had built two years ago. Meandering over to him with a whiskey sour in hand, I greeted him with, "So, how's it going good buddy?" 

"Same ol shit, just another day," he responds, grinning that wide-tooth grin of his.

Yeah, I know whatcha mean," I say, nodding my head solemnly. "Every day I wake up to one more crappy day of work followed by the wife's bitchin' about the kids driving her nuts." Then I laughed, "but, hey, it could be worse." 

"Ya know Frank, I used to feel like you- that is, until I found, shall we say, a little 'extra-curricular activity'", he said, in a conspiratorial tone. 

My eyebrows arched as I led him by the elbow inside the gazebo and onto one of the cushioned swinging benches.

"Tell me more," I say. 

"Well, one evening I was sitting at home alone while Karen was gone to one of her bingo tournaments and I ran across this advertisement in one of those girlie magazines about these hot looking chicks that you could call up for a little sexy conversation. What the hell, I think; it's only talking. Not like I was actually fucking around on her, ya know?" 

"Yeah, yeah," I say anxiously, so did you call...what happened?" 

"Sure," he said, taking a sip out of the Miller Lite in his hand, I called. Man, it was pretty hot. I was kinda nervous, cause I had never done it before; but this girl- she said her name was Candy, was real patient with me. Hell, before I knew it, I had a real boner goin.' Damn. She had me cumming like never before- ha ha. You gotta try it. It'll do wonders for you." 

"I don't know, dude. I've never done anything like that before, either. Hell, I've been faithful to Kim from the very start." 

"You'd still be faithful, man! It's only talk. Maybe it'll help spice up you and Kim's love life- not that it needs spicin' up," he hurriedly added, then, "I fucked the shit outta Karen when she got in that night.. She didn't know what had come over me!" He was smiling again, lost in the memory. 

"Well, I'll think about it. You still got that number?" 

---

Saturday night was Kim's 'girls night out.' She and I had agreed a couple years ago that getting out with her girlfriends once in a while would be good for her, with her always being stuck at home all day with the kids and all. As for me, I had a Friday night poker game that usually alternated at either my house of one of my buddies.

Kim seemed to enjoy her time out, and would come home gabbing about the great Mexican restaurant or avant-garde play they had discovered or some such shit. 

This particular Saturday evening found me lounging in my favorite easy chair watching a couple of beefy guys throwing each other around the ring on the tv set. The house was nice and quiet with the kids gone for the weekend. 

Suddenly, a commercial comes on showing a titilatting blonde with humongeous tits beckoning me to call her for some 'fun conversation.' Instantly, I thought about that little piece of paper with the 1-800 number Jim had given me. 

I hopped out of my chair, went to my desk to retrieve the hidden number from under my desk calendar. After plopping back into my comfortable spot, I stared at the number for a moment. Well, I told myself, here goes nothing. 

Picking up the telephone receiver next to my chair, I dialed. An exaggerated sexy voice gave me the option to listen to a variety of women to choose from. Finally, after listening to several similar sounding, breathy voices offering a hodgepodge of licking, sucking and fucking services, I settled on one particularly enticing voice.

"Hi, I'm Alexa," she purred. "If you're looking for a regular run of the mill wham, bam, thank you ma'am, you're calling the wrong girl. But if you are seeking an awesome sensual experience from a real woman, let's talk!"

Needless to say, I was hooked. Immediately. Her voice was angelic and slutty- all at the same time! This chick sounded mature, experienced. My dick went into overdrive just listening to her . With shaky fingers, I dialed her extension...

"Hello, this is Alexa," she purred softly in my ear

"Hi, I'm, uh, Frank," I say, feeling like an idiot.

"Hey, Frankie, how's it going?" More purring.

No one had called me 'Frankie' since high school. (Which worked since I was suddenly feeling like a school boy).

"Um, well, I was just sittin' around with nothing to do so I thought I'd check ya' out.

She tells me she's a natural blonde,and that her long hair just barely kisses the cheeks of her ass. She says she's nearly five feet seven inches tall in her stocking feet with a body measuring a blessed (my word) 37-23-36, 'just like Marilyn Monroe', she brags. 

"So, tell me, Frankie, you feeling kinda horny tonight?"

"Yeah, you could say that," I answer, glancing down at the bulge in my pants. 

"Mmmm, me too. In fact, I'm standing in the middle of the room with my legs spread widely apart, wearing only my black silk stockings , red lace garter belt and six inch 'fuck me' black leather heels, fingering my hot, juicy golden-haired pussy..."

Immediately, I unzipped my fly, took out my rod, and started stroking it. 

"Do you have a speaker phone?" she asked.

"Yes."

"You might want to turn it on- that is, if no one else is home."

"Yeah, I mean, no, no one is home." I reached over and obeyed her.

"Frank, come to me." Her voice had suddenly changed. It was hard, stern. "Kneel down in front of me," she commanded.

I leaned back in my chair, one hand wrapped around my cock, and closed my eyes.

"Place your arms around my ass, tightly. Now, bury your face into my bush and start eating."

"Oh, gawd," I groaned-visualizing, tasting, smelling and feeling that sweet pussy under the hypnotic spell of her tantalizingly sexy voice.

"Lift me up, quickly! Carry me over to the bed where I can open up more widely for you, she said, urgently.

I started rhythmically, but slowly, working my dick up and down- I didn't want to hurry. I needed to experience every drop of her.

"That's it, baby," she said, encouraging my tongue to probe and lick deeper inside her.

Then, out of the blue, she goes "Stop, wait." What the fuck? She was interrupting my flow. But then she reasssuringly added, "I want you on your back so I can climb on top of you- you know, upside down, so I can suck your cock while you eat me."

"Oooohh, yeah, '69'," I say, enthusiastically, returning to the image.

"Aaahhh, you lick me so good," she moans. "Oh, and your cock is so hard- let me taste it. Hmmm, I'm licking just on the head now...ummm, just teasing that dick!" She starts making these delicious licking noises. Whoa, the sound effects are driving me crazy!

"Now I'm starting to lick it around the sides, hmmm...the front of it (lick lick), the back, (more licking sounds). I'm taking that big boy in my mouth now---Aaahhh, getting red lipstick all over your cock! Deep throatin' it, all the way down to my tonsils! Ooooh yeah, I'm sucking that dick so good!"

And she was. It was taking everything I could do to keep from reving up my stroking and go in for the touch down! She went over and above the call of duty when she added, "Hmmm, now I'm licking your ass-hole!" Wet, noisy sucking and licking sounds invaded the room through the intercom as I feverishly fought the urge to let loose a torrent of cum. No, not yet, I kept saying to myself. Not yet.

"I gotta fuck you! Please," I begged shamelessly. I needed to be inside her- at any cost! I would have done anything, paid any amount of money, to get permission to enter her. Who could have known how powerful this phone sex thing could be? I was crazy with lust. At that moment she owned me. 

I could hear a little laugh escape her lips. "I don't know," she teased. She was enjoying my pathetic position. But I didn't care. In fact, the bit of torment turned me on even more.

Finally, she acquiesed. "Come and get it, baby," she said in that satiny, smooth voice.

I sat up erect in my easy chair and closed my eyes even tighter as I went at my cock with a vengeance, feeling the warmth of her sweet, wet pussy as I plunged my brick-hard cock deep inside her. Oh, it felt so good and tight as she gripped it with superbly trained muscles! Never in my life had I experienced so much pleasure as that moment with this unseen yet palpably real pussy. Hell, this was better than real time fucking with my wife!

Murmurs of "More, more and harder, harder" only served to make my gyrations even more intense, more furious. I heard myself saying: Do you like it, baby? Huh, huh? Tell me! Is this cock good to you? To which she would eagerly reply, "Oh, yes! Yes! Give it to me, give it to me!" 

"Whose pussy is this? Whose pussy is this?" I can't now believe I was saying something I had heard in the movies, but here I was, going: "Who's your daddy, huh? Who's your daddy!"

"You, big daddy! You! Only you!"

Between a cacaphony of loud, passionate grunts, moans and encouraging sounds of "Give it to me, Give me that creamy stuff," I finally reached the moment- the coup de grace, the Big Bang, the Final Mile! Yes, I came. Hard. Very hard. I exploded so forcefully that for a moment I thought I had damaged myself. But, alas, I was all right. Really, really all right. I had never felt so right in all my life. This woman was incredible.

"Are you okay?" She sounded slightly amused.

"Oh, yeah," I said, suddenly embarrassed. "Uh, can I call you again?"

"Sure, anytime, honey," she purred. "Bye." And she was gone.

I sat there for a moment, trying to digest what had just transpired. Wow. This is what I had been missing all this time? For some reason, I didn't feel guilty. Not one bit. What I did feel, though, was...relaxed and...happy. 

---

By the time Kim got in, I was showered and in bed. I heard her tiptoeing into the room which was lit only by the dim light from the hallway. "You don't have to creep in, I'm woke," I said, pleasantly.

"Sorry I got in so late, Frank, but we went back to Gail's place after the movie for a late supper and time just flew by... 

"Stop, stop," I interrupted. "It's okay, honey. I trust you." I was in an excellent mood- why shouldn't I be?

"Oh, okay. Wow, I don't know what's come over you but I sure like your new attitude," she said, as she undressed for bed. 

I watched as she unsnapped an apparently new black lacey bra, springing her size D cup tits from captivity. "I think I'll take a shower before coming to bed," she lazily intoned, grabbing her bathrobe from the hook on the closet door.

"Why shower tonight?" I asked, mildly curious.

"Oh, no particular reason," she smiled, happily. And, then, she shut the bathroom door.

  -------------------

(c)2007