 As the winter storm blew outside I was inside with Tanya. We were cuddled up close to the fireplace, drinking some wine....

"NO! Mike not tonight, I have to go to work early tomorrow and I don't need to be up all night long fooling around. I have to give a very important presentation to the stockholders."

"Ah come on honey just a quickie. I promise it will be worth your while" I said as I started to unbutton her blouse. I leaned in and I kissed her on the nape of the neck and I saw her eyes roll back in her head the wine was taking over both of us. 

"Mmmm, Mike you know I love it when you do that."

Grinning like an evil Cheshire cat I continued my kissing, working my way down to her cleavage.

"Ok maybe just a quickie." Tanya answered as she reached down and felt my cock growing stiff. 

This isn't very unusual for me I get a woody if the wind blows just right and the proximity of my mouth to her lovely tits was more than I could stand. I fully opened her blouse and exposed her tits, I took a nipple into my mouth and gently rolled my tongue around it. She moaned and worked harder at getting my cock out. I rolled her other nipple between my thumb and finger as I sucked the one in my mouth, her chest heaved, trying to get more into my mouth. Finally my cock pops free and she starts to stroke it slowly. I pull her blouse off her shoulders and it drops to the floor, now I have full access to her chest. And what a lovely chest it is, her breasts are about a 36 D with large dark areolas and long hard nipples. She has no tan lines so each tit is a dark bronze. I slowly kiss and lick my way down to her pants and she lifts her ass to help me take them off. I slide them over her ass and down to her ankles, then she kicks them off. I can smell her excitement, she's wet and she wants it now, but I'm not done teasing. I lift her legs so that each one is over my shoulders, I crawl a little closer opening her legs more. This spreads her soft wet lips and I can see the moisture. I lean in and kiss just her lips, exhaling hot breath on them and she moans, 'Oh god don't tease me, pleaasssee, give me your tongue.'. Not wanting to disappoint the lady I push my tongue deep into her pussy. 'YESSSSS' she cries. I flare the tip of my tongue and she lets out a moan. Now I start to piston my tongue deep into and out of her pussy. Taking every few strokes to suck her lips into my mouth. I spread her lips with my fingers and I find her swollen clit and I suck it into my mouth. I push another finger into her pussy and start to alternate; sucking in on her clit while pulling out my finger and then pushing my finger in and letting go of her clit. She starts to roll her hips to meet my thrusting finger and I can feel her muscles starting to grab at my finger. 

"Oh Mike I want you NOW!!!"

I lift myself up and position my cock at the opening of her pussy. I slowly push until just the head is inside of her. Her back arches up to meet me and I stop, I'm in control now and I let her know it by pulling back out of her. 

"NO! Don't do that, don't tease me please I want it bad." 

I slowly push my cock in, not stopping until I'm fully inserted.

"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!"

I grind my hips putting pressure on her clit with my pelvic bone. I pull out slowly and then slowly drive it back in. I continue this slow pace until she is good and loose then I pull out and roll her over onto her side. I straddle her lower leg and lift her upper leg to my shoulder. I push my cock back into her and she moans again. I take my one thumb and start to rub her clit as I start to stroke her pussy and the other thumb finds her tight asshole and pushes until it pops into her ass.

"OOOOOOOOHHHH YES FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARD." She screams.

I start to pick up the pace, my balls are starting to slap at her leg. 

"Oh god! I'm coming.... I'M COMING.....MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM." Tanya cried.

Her pussy was clamped tight onto my cock as she exploded her juices down her leg. I continued to slam my cock into her, making sure she was finished. "Oh Mike, mmm that was nice, but you didn't cum yet," she says raising an eyebrow, "would you like me to help you with that?"

"I think you know what I want." I said as I slipped out of her spent pussy.

She crawled out from under me and got on her knees, grabbing my cock on her way up, pulling me into her mouth. She started twirling her tongue around the head of my dick, and gently squeezing my balls with her hands. Then without warning she slams my cock deep into her throat and I nearly lost it. 

"Jesus Tanya I love your mouth..." I exclaimed as my eyes rolled into the back of my head. "That's it baby suck my cock, make me cum in your mouth." She pulls my cock out of her mouth and says "MMM please do I love your hot juicy cum, shoot it on my tongue baby, grab my head and fuck my mouth!"

I reached down and grabbed the back of her head and slowly pushed my cock back into her mouth. I could feel my balls on her chin, so there was nothing left but to do as she asked and I started to fuck her mouth. Slowly at first pulling my cock out and then pushing it back in, again resting my balls on her chin. She started to moan deep in her throat, sending vibrations along the shaft of my cock and I knew it wouldn't be much longer, 'Damn this girl knows how to give head.' I started to thrust faster into her mouth and she started to move her tongue around the head and shaft.

"MMM sugar your gonna get a mouthful. So you want it on your tongue do you well open your mouth and stick out your tongue and lets see if 'ole deadeye' can hit the mark."

She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue making moaning sounds begging me to cum. I started to stroke my cock and she reached up and cupped my balls, I grabbed the back of her head with one hand and aimed my cock onto her tongue. "AAARRRRGGGGGHHH, HERE IT CUUUUMMMMMMSS."

My cum shot out of my cock with such velocity that it not only went into her mouth but on her cheek and nose as well, she moved my hand out of the way, and started stroking my cock. Squeezing every last drop of cum into her mouth, making hungry little slurping noises. "MMM I love to eat your cum Mike, mmm,mmm, slurp." 

"See I told you that it wouldn't take long now didn't I?"

"Unh huh you sure did, lets gets some sleep now." she said as she snuggled up close with a smile on her face. The fire was warm and so was she so I was soon fast asleep...