 I know that there are things I can not control and those would include my weakness for the flesh. 

I was approached by him on some random online meeting place, when I looked at his profile he was so young and I knew better. However he was insanely clever and witty for his age and that is what caught my attention. We chatted through the site for a few days, he was comical and sweet all at the same time, it had my intrigued me. Soon after that we started chatting through an instant messenger and we exchanged stories about our families and how we were raised. I found that I couldn't stop looking at his pictures. He had the face of an angel, dark hair and hazel like eyes, he was very appealing to the eyes but I kept thinking I am far to old for this nonsense and I should know better. After a while of the messenger chatting he asked my for my phone number so without hesitation I gave it to him. Within 3 seconds of that my phone rang and I heard his voice for the first time. 

His voice was calm and soothing, we talked for hours the first time we had an exchange by telephone. I was very impressed with his reserve but his sense of humor was unreal. I couldn't stop laughing at some of the off beat things he would say, however we discussed more things about ourselves, our families and little quirks that make us individuals. On that particular night it was late and after I fell asleep I had some terrible nightmare, as soon as I woke up I called him back for some reason and he made me laugh and told me some stories. I calmed down and went back to sleep. Through the next week we talked everyday, the whole how was your day and so on. He would tell me about his day and things that struck him as odd or funny. I was talking to him one night about the ho hum day, I told him I had to go due to having to get up early for work. We said our goodbyes and off to bed I went. 

It was maybe an hour after I had fallen asleep I was awakened by a horrible nightmare that had me at tears when I woke up. I immediately picked up the phone and called him, I know I sounded like a nervous wreck. He asked " Do you want me to come over and lay down with you?" Then it came from my lips like a well rehearsed exit. I said yes and hung up the phone. 

When he got here I answered the door wrapped in one of my favorite blankets, he walked through the door and I led him to my room. I crawled back into my bed and curled back up in a ball. There were no words exchanged between us. I felt him slide in behind me, I could smell him it was a mix of innocence and surprise. It was silent and he was close, I could feel him breathing and he rested his nose on the back of my neck. With every breath his heat carried down my neck , I remember all the hair on me stood on end. I love the anticipation of things and I loved dragging this out. However I have a weak constitution when it came to his flesh. I rolled over and laid my head at his neck, he smelled new and unknown oh how I love that smell. The tension was so thick it felt like it was suffocating me. I could take it I ran my hand up the inside of his shirt, Oh his body is a thing that can only be truly enjoyed by hours and hours of free uninterrupted time. I leaned in and I kissed him in that moment I knew there was no turning back. 

After that the clothes starting to slowing going elsewhere, he pushed my skirt up and slide my panties down. My insides were throbbing to feel him. He pushed my back and crept up the inside of my thighs biting them here and there making his mark. Then I felt him there, where I was warm and already so wet. His hot mouth pressed against my clit and my body twitched, his tongue felt like slick cotton. He moved his tongue in and out of my pussy with this wicked rhythm, I wanted him inside me so bad I was dying. He put his fingers deep inside me and just let me have it, I came immediately. I wanted his cock I had to know what he felt like I thought I was going to lose my mind if I didn't feel him sink his dick deep inside me. 

He pulled back and I fought to find his belt I couldn't get undone quick enough. I peeled my shirt and his both off, I looked at him and his body was grand. His skin tasted like honey to me, as we came to that moment after the fumbling. It was time it was time for me finally know and boy was I ever the so informed, thick he was and long. I whimpered quietly and he slide so deep into me I felt every inch of him, that's all it took and I got that hot sticky feeling underneath my skin I was going to cum. He just began to hit it off harder and harder and harder. It was welling inside me like some kind of flood welling up ready to blow. Then he flipped me on my knees and drove hard into my pounding hot pussy, I put my hands against the wall and braced myself I was Cumming with each stroke he threw into me. In that moment and that wicked rhythm I remembered what peace was, Truly is when all his frustration was laid to me in that deviance that borders on pleasure and violence in his every stroke. Oh how he made me cum, his body and his silence all the things that made him who he was. After all was said and done I knew that he would be like an addiction to me. He laid there with me for awhile till I was about asleep from the exhaustion of the entire situation. Then as soon as he was here he was gone. My body was sore and hurting, The next day at work when I sat down of crossed my legs I was reminded of him and what was passed between us. Even though it hurt, It made me smile none the less

Even as I sit here now and everyday since I had him in me, I know that I want him again and again, I want him in every way that he is. His violence, innocence, and all the things that makes us the sexual creatures that we are. I have been putting off the inevitable and that is feeling him again. I swear I don't know if I want to baby him or fuck him, all I know is that I do want him.