 HER:You're sitting in your chair... I walk up to you and join you under the quilt. I'm straddling you in the chair. I lick your lips and your mouth opens. I kiss you, rubbing up and down on your hardness. I'm wearing only a nightshirt... Bare to the touch underneath.

HIM:I pull you night shirt up over swelling breasts, exposing them to the cool air. My hands explore your flesh with sated lust. Your back arches in response. I tweak your nipples, feeling them harden under my attentions. I break our kiss, my tongue tracing down your chest, wetting your skin, seeing goose bumps form under the wetness.

HER:I grab your head as you trace your tongue down my chest. I pull your head up so I can look at your beautiful eyes. With my eyes on yours, I slide down your body until I'm kneeling on the floor in front of you. I can see how hard you are. I free you, eager for a taste. I run my tongue over your length, sucking you in deep.

HIM:Your mouth engulfs my hardness, your cheeks swelling from the size. You slowly put pressure on my shaft, sliding your lips down my length. Your tongue dances in your mouth, caressing me. Your enchanting eyes look up at me as you move faster and faster. I moan in pleasure, staring deep into your eyes. I lick my lips as stare at your naked body. You are on your knees in front of me, as if you are worshipping my body.

HER:As I dance my tongue all around your length and listen to you moan; I'm getting wetter and wetter, I tell you so. Suddenly impatient, you pull me up until once again I'm straddling you. Now there's no barrier between our bodies. You reach down to touch me, to feel how much I want you. I lift up slightly, allowing your hand access to my body. But what I want, you're not giving me. I want you inside me, but you continue to tease. I kiss you, begging for you. I want you so bad, I'm shaking. Suddenly you grab my hips, thrusting me down onto you.

HIM:You are so wet that you slid all the way down my length, my head bottoming against your cervix. I watch as your eyes roll loosely inside their sockets. I lift your body up off me, and drop you back down. Your wetness is leaking all over me. Your bodies glisten in a sheen of sweat. You are moaning continuously as I bounce you on my lap. I watch your breasts bounce and shake. I reach up and pull your face to mine. I kiss you hard, my tongue shooting into your mouth. I suck lightly on your lips, running my tongue around yours. My hands cup your breasts and rub down your sides, my fingers tracing circles on your hips. The old chair is creaking loudly as we move back and forth, thrusting and receiving.

HER:I look down at my breasts that are shaking and bouncing with the force of our movements. I offer them to you. First you suck one, then the other. I put my head down, searching for your lips. I need to taste you, to feel your tongue inside my mouth, to lightly nibble on your lips. As you grab my hips, I grind down onto you, driving you deeper. I roll my hips in a circle. A moan escapes your lips; sweat is rolling down your chest, mingling with mine. We're so close to the ultimate pleasure... It's only a matter of time.

HIM:My hands tangle in your hair. My fingers entwine with your golden locks. I press my lips hard against yours; my hands push your lips tighter against mine. Our tongues tangle playfully. I look deep into your eyes again, your pupils are dilated, and your lids half closed. Your body is almost searing hot to the touch. The only sounds we hear our the squishing of your wetness with each thrust, our short struggling gasps of breath, and the pounding of our hearts. I know I can't last much longer. I try to slow my pace, to prolong our pleasure, but you will not stop. The slower I go, the harder and faster you bounce on me. You have become possessed, riding me like I am a stallion. I wish you were wearing the matching hat. Your whole body is shiny, covered in sweat, as is mine. I can feel a powerful sensation building deep within me.

HER:I know you are close. I want to drive you crazy, I want to enjoy these sensations longer, but I can't wait. It's been too long. I grab your hand, kissing it, playfully sucking your fingers one by one. I look down at you. Your eyes are half closed in lust, your mouth looks delicious. You like that as much as I do. I'm moaning loudly now; I can feel the orgasm building. Your moaning is what is pushing me over the edge. I continue to ride you hard, loving the sound of your moans and gasps. Loving the feel of our slippery bodies sliding together.

HIM:Our eyes lock together. I have held off for so long, too long. My cock is almost bursting. I pull your face down to mine and kiss you hard. I slid hands down your back and grips the cheeks of your ass. On your last bounce I push my body up with all my might. Our bodies meet. My hands press us together. My fingers dig deep into your hips. Suddenly, my whole body spasms, and I release a torrent deep inside you. I renew our kiss, my tongue forcefully exploring your warm mouth. As I continue to fire inside your tight, wet, hot channel, I feel your body find its own release.

HER:Sucking on your fingers has made me so hot. As you pull me down for a deep hard kiss, I know I can't hold off anymore. I bounce harder and harder, driving us both. Suddenly, you grab my ass and push up hard, just as I pump down. I feel your spasms, and the hot, liquid warmth of your release. It triggers my own, and I feel the way my body is clamping around you. You grab my face, look at me and start kissing me, forcefully exploring my mouth with your tongue. That's all it takes...a kiss, and a look and I explode in an amazing long, intense orgasm. I scream as pleasure washes over me, body shaking in aftershocks.