 (This is an excerpt from The Erotic Soul.)

"It is very dark now. The moon has not yet risen, and I can feel the heat of the day beginning to wane somewhat. But it is still warm enough for me to sit naked at the computer. I can feel the gentle breeze coming through the open window. It feels so wonderful as it moves across my breasts. I can feel my nipples getting harder, and this makes me think back to this afternoon."

"I was lying in the tub when you came in today. You looked at my as if you had expected me to be there, and nowhere else. I felt vulnerable, exposed as your eyes traveled over my naked flesh, only partially concealed by the bubbles. You strip your own clothes off as you come closer, but you shake your head no when I ask you to join me. Instead, you kneel down next to me. I close my eyes as your hand lightly caressed the side of my face, and down my neck. You trail your fingers back and forth across the tops of my breasts, just barely exposed above the bath bubbles. 

I watch your fingers, feeling the sensual ripples along my nerves. When you slip your hand into the bubbles, I hold my breath for a moment. I exhale sharply when I feel your strong hand cupping my breast. You turn your head, and I see the small smile curving your lips. You don't stop though, continuing to massage my breast. As my nipple tightens in your palm, you move your fingers to stroke back and forth across its turgid tip. I groan in response, shifting in the water. I can feel my pussy gushing forth its liquids in anticipation of your touch there. I spread my legs; bending them at the knees to show you how open I am for your touch. Still though, you don't move away from my breast.

Suddenly, you squeeze my nipple, hard. I open my eyes, looking up at you. You speak to me then, your voice deep, melodic and sensual. I hear your words as if through a fog, one that is thick with heavy, sensual mists. “Tell me how you like your tits rubbed.” Surprisingly aroused by your course words, I shift in the water. “Such nice titties you have, baby. Big, round and eager tits.” 

I can't stop my body moving sensually in response to your words. I never thought such language could turn me on. You know though what I need, what I want, even when I don't. You read my mind. You enter my soul and see my deepest needs. You perceive what no one else ever has. You understand that what I need is different from what I need. 

I hear your voice again, speaking to me softly, gently. Your hands caress me as gently, seductively as your words. I feel myself melting in the warm water. "You are eager tonight, my sweet, aren't you?"

I try to speak, but the words catch in my dry throat. Instead, I can only nod my head. I squirm in the water, my hips seeking your touch to ignite my passion once again. I lift one hand towards my belly. You stop me with one word, "No!” Your hand still massages my breast. "Not just yet."

I can tell you want to control me, to make me your sensual slave. Is my enslavement so important to you? Your voice comes to me again. "Now, I want you to speak the words. You must tell me what to touch. You must instruct me to pleasure you. I want you to be coarse. I want you to be graphic, no sweet, polite words will do." 

I look up into your face, your eyes. I can see you will allow no latitude. My voice is cracked, as I start though, halting and slow, resistant to reveal myself so totally to you. It is much easier when you pleasure me, and I don't have to be responsible for my pleasure. 

"Touch me," I plead. But he doesn't. I realize that he wants me to use his words. "Squeeze my tit…" I whisper nervously, unsure at uttering the words that have the power to make me feel like a slut, and release me from the bounds of conventionality. 

I groan as you reward me by massaging my breast firmly. I wriggle and try to get closer to you. "Go on, " I hear you say. 

"Suck my tits, please.” I raise one hand to the back of your head as you lower your mouth. But you stop, just shy of my hard, distended nipples. I squirm, but still you won't take me. I realize that I must ask you again. "Suck my titties," I beg you in the silence of the room. This time I feel your hot breath a moment before you enclose my taut nipple in the hot, sweet suction of your mouth. "Yes!" I cry out as your tongue teases my nipple. 

I finally ask you for my true wish. "Touch my pussy."

You lift your head, looking down out me. I can tell you want me to say it another way. I lick my lips, and try again. "Touch my clit, mon amant."

You reward my by sliding your hand down over my belly, through my curls and directly to my clit. You waste no time with preliminaries. You go straight to the heat of my desire. I cry out with each teasing touch of your fingertip. I want you so much. I want what you make me feel. "Stick your finger in my cunt!” I shout out, surprising us both. 

You need no further encouragement though and move your fingers to pleasure me completely. Your mouth sucks my tit, while your fingers play in my cunt, using my juices to lubricate your movements. You are flicking my clit to delicious submission. And then, when I almost can't take another second, you bend your fingers inside of me and find… that special place. My scream echoes through the bathroom as my hips writhe madly, splashing water everywhere. Over and over, I cum around your fingers and hand. I can feel my tits shaking and jiggling. My nipples are so hard and taut they ache. And still, over and over, I keep cumming madly, out of control. 

I drift in sensual languor. I am completely done in. I lift my eyes finally, and you are gone."