 In the morning, Jeanne and I woke up to the sounds of people stirring, talking, striking their tents, and packing their gear. For a while, we lay there together under our blankets, enjoying the closeness we felt, spooned together, naked, sleepy, and happy. 

We considered repeating the pleasure we had shared the night before, but contented ourselves with kissing, holding each other, and talking softly. As the activity outside increased, we knew it was time to get up. 

"Jeanne," I said, "we should get dressed. I'll get up first. Just keep your back turned." 

Jeanne started to giggle. "Are you kidding? After last night? OK, sure, it was pretty dark, but still, are you serious?" 

"I'm just saying,..." I began. 

"Tell you what; I won't look if you don't. At least not too much." 

We laughed, shared a warm, friendly kiss, and set about finding our clothes. 

As we were getting dressed, Jeanne said, "Do you smell coffee?" 

"Tyler told me they were going to have coffee, Danish, bagels, and donuts this morning," I said. "Are you hungry?" 

"Are you?" 

"Famished," I said with a laugh. "I'll pack up this stuff later. First things first. May I escort you to breakfast, dear lady?" 

"Is this our first date?" Jeanne asked. 

"With your permission, our first date will be tonight when I take you out to dinner." 

"I'd like that, John. Just for you, I might actually brush my hair. I only do that for handsome men who take me to dinner, though, not breakfast. 

"I'm looking forward to it, Jeanne," I said seriously. "I really am." 

"Me too," Jeanne said. A shy softness had crept into her voice. 

"Come on. Let's see what sugary delights they have for us," I said, helping her to her feet. 

Jeanne sat at the picnic table where we had met the day before while I went to get their breakfast. At the coffee urn, I saw Sami, Carey, and Tina. As soon as the girls saw me, they stopped their animated conversation. 

"Morning, ladies," I said. 

"Hi, Johnny," the girls replied. 

Tina stuck out her lower lip in an exaggerated pout and put her hands on her hips. "Johnny, Sami's being mean." Carey was stifling a giggle. 

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

Carey piped up, "She won't tell us what she heard last night. She won't tell us what happened. So I guess I just have to ask you. What happened in your tent last night?" 

I thought I was wearing a neutral face, but Carey started to laugh. "You dirty old man, Johnny! You can't hide that cat-that-ate-the-canary smile." 

"OK, Sami," Tina said. "Look at his face. The secret's out anyway, so you can stop trying to protect him. Now I need details, girl. Is that woman a screamer?" 

"Honestly, girls, I fell asleep. I didn't hear a thing," Sami said. 

"Yeah, right," the other two scoffed. 

I went back to Jeanne, and we sat and talked, enjoying our coffee and pastry. When I went to re-fill our coffee, Sami approached me. 

"You owe me big-time, Johnny," she said, her eyes sparkling. "Do you think you're going to keep seeing her?" 

"I hope so, Sami. I really do." 

"Yeah, I kinda figured you would say that after last night. Oh, don't worry. I won't rat you out. I like you too much to do that, and after hearing the way she carried on, I have new-found respect for you. But you have to do me a favor." 

"What do you want, Sami?" I asked, almost dreading her answer. 

"Bring her around some time to talk to me. I want to learn some things from her. My boyfriend never makes sounds like you did." 

Jeanne helped me fold up my blankets and take down my tent. We packed everything in my car and said thank you to Tyler and goodbye to the girls. 

When we got to Jeanne's house, I walked her to the door. "Will you go to dinner with me tonight?" 

"I'd be thrilled, John. Where are we going?" 

"What do you like to eat?" John asked. 

Jeanne hesitated for a moment, fighting to remain a lady. It was useless. She started to laugh out loud. 

Not getting the joke for a second, I then joined in her laughter. Soon, we were laughing so hard, we had to hold onto each other for support. As we regained our composure, we didn't let go. We began to kiss each other again. 

Finally, I said, "I meant, what kind of restaurant do you like?" 

"Oh, sorry," Jeanne said, giggling again. "How about Italian?" 

"I know a great place about twenty minutes from here. Never crowded, nice atmosphere, amazing food, good wine list, sort of dressy casual. I'll wear a jacket but no tie. You'll look great in casual slacks or a skirt, or a very casual dress. 7:00 o'clock OK?" 

Jeanne hugged me to her. "That sounds wonderful. I really had a good time yesterday. And last night." 

"I did too. I can hardly wait for tonight." I kissed her, long and hard. 

"Who knows," she said, "you might find out how far I'll go on a first date!" 

On my way home after dropping Jeanne off at her house, my head was spinning. My God, the things that had happened since yesterday when I first saw her at the pig roast! We had started out in the afternoon as two strangers talking over a couple of beers at a picnic table, and had ended up spending the night cuddled nude in my tent after some of the most amazing oral sex I could ever remember receiving, or, for that matter, giving. The sounds Jeanne made as she came on my tongue made the London Philharmonic sound like a kazoo band. 

Tonight we were going out for dinner on our first real date, and then.... Well, I could hardly wait to find out what would happen then. 

I was as anxious, and, frankly, nervous as a boy on his first hot date. Things HAD to be perfect. What did I need to do to prepare? Let's see. Wash and clean out the car. Pick up my favorite sport coat and slacks at the dry cleaners. Get a haircut. Stop at the drugstore and re-fill my prescription. No, not that one. Thankfully, I didn't need the little blue pills. At least, I hope I didn't, since I didn't have a prescription for them. It was my hay fever medication that needed to be re-filled. 

I could do all those things on my way home. First stop was the car wash, one of those full service places where they properly wash and wax the car, thoroughly clean the interior and windows, the works. Then I picked up my dry cleaning and stopped at my favorite men's hair salon. The last stop was the drugstore. 

While I was waiting for my prescription to be filled, my eyes wandered to the display racks at the pharmacy counter. Hmmm, I had no idea whether I needed them, but I'd hate to be unprepared. I started checking the display of condoms. Wow, have I been out of circulation that long? When did they start making so many different types? Reservoir tips, ribbed, French Tickler, glow-in-the-dark, lubricated, flavored. Flavored? Really? Holy shit! 

I settled on a three-pack of basic, lubricated, reservoir tips. Three was probably more than enough for one night at the age of fifty-seven, and, sadly, I didn't need the size double-XL. After all, I'm a realist. 

There I was, a middle-aged guy (assuming I plan to live to the age of a hundred and fourteen!), buying a box of condoms for a first date. I felt ridiculous. I mean, hell, I have gray pubic hair! Yet I was more nervous than the night when I thought I might lose my virginity when I was fifteen. I was very aware of my age. Even though some things never change over the years, some things do. That's when I started thinking about Jeanne. It struck me that we could encounter a problem, if she was like some of the fifty-ish women I had overheard talking in a cocktail lounge on my last business trip. Could it be that she no longer produced the natural lubrication that younger women have? 

The solution to that problem was right in front of me, a display of "personal lubricants" which was on a rack next to the condoms. Again, I was astounded at the variety. Sensitivity-enhancing, warming, neon-colored, natural/organic, essential-oil-based,... 

It was then that I heard a giggle, and felt warm breath on my ear. "Johnny, the strawberry stuff really does taste good." 

I spun around, nearly banging heads with Sami. Carey and Tina were standing right behind her, and all three of them looked like they were going to explode with laughter. 

"What are you doing here?" I nearly shouted, feeling a rush of heat in my cheeks. God, I haven't blushed since I hit puberty! 

"They're having a special on eye make-up, and I needed to get some sunblock," Sami said, tears of mirth running down her cheeks. "I guess I don't have to ask what you're doing here." 

"This stuff is for a friend," I protested. Even I realized how pathetically stupid that sounded. 

"Yes, we know," Carey said. "We met her yesterday." 

"A friend with benefits," Tina said, still laughing. 

"Have fun tonight, stud," Sami said, wiping her eyes. 

Still holding on to each other, trying not to sound too hysterical, the girls started to walk away. I'm not sure which one of them said, "I wonder if he'll be walking funny tomorrow." I also couldn't tell which one replied. "I hope she'll be walking funny tomorrow!" 

Completely mortified, but also strangely proud, I grabbed the strawberry-flavored lube, paid for my purchases and left. Hmmm. "Stud." I liked the sound of that.

***********

As soon as I closed the door, I realized what I had said. Oh god, a date. A real, honest-to-goodness date. Shit! The kind where you have to look nice, smell nice, and have a clean house to invite him back to. I looked around. Picked up – yeah. Clean? I had better get my ass moving. 

The first thing I did was strip down and hit the shower. I smelled like a campfire, and my clothes probably should have been buried in the back yard. I threw on some sweats, started the laundry and made a mental list. 

Vacuum, dust, check for beer and coffee, and work on my bedroom. I flew through the first two items on my list and dashed to the store. I picked up a six pack of beer and fresh cream for coffee. I was walking through the produce department to pick up a small bouquet of fresh flowers, when I spotted strawberries, just arrived from California. Of course, sitting with them was whipped cream. I felt this stupid grin form on my face. Why the hell not? I picked them up and put them in my basket. 

When I got home, I concentrated on my bedroom. Clean sheets were a must. I put everything where it belonged. I even straightened my closet. I went to retrieve the flowers and put them on the night stand, when I saw it. 

Oh no, I'm not going to need him tonight. For the first time in a long time, I opened the drawer and put my rabbit away. I almost felt like I was betraying him, but if all went well at dinner, he would be an intruder on what promised to be one hell of an evening. 

My personal prep had to be meticulous. I almost ran out of hot water, before I finished shaving my arms, legs, and yes, my pussy. I wanted this to be the smoothest, softest thing he had ever felt. I got out and was applying my lotion, and spritzed on the after-bath spray, when it happened. SHIT! Too close to the pussy! God I hate it when I do that, I thought, as the burning sensation shot through me. 

I put on some music and was half dancing as I approached the mirrored door on my closet. I took an honest assessment of what I saw. Nice hair, pretty eyes and smile. My skin was still good. I did not look mid 50's. What I saw next had me convinced that if I had John's telephone number, I would have canceled the date. 

Large, sagging, riddled-with-stretch-marks body. What was I thinking? What could he possibly want with me? I thought about what happened last night. I looked down and saw my nipples harden. I felt my clit start to pulse, at the memory of what John had done to me. Okay, Jeanne, put any second thoughts behind you. Last night was one of the most perfect nights I had ever experienced. He liked me. He wanted me. And god damn it, I have every intention of sending him home, thanking God he is a man. 

I finished getting ready, and took one last tour of the bedroom and bath. It looked inviting, smelled good, and had just the right amount of candles scattered around the room. I took an inventory in the mirror too. 

Black wrap skirt, black camisole, and apple green blouse. Although they could not be seen yet, I had on black lace panties and my sexiest black bra. Hair and make-up looked good, and I smelled great. This was it. 

I ran downstairs, and paced the living room. John was not late. On the contrary, I was stupidly early. I was so nervous. Last night had been so good. I just really hoped tonight would be as good. I paced for about fifteen minutes until I heard the doorbell. 

My mouth went dry, my palms got wet, and I felt the color drain from my face. I opened the door and there he was, smiling, and looking just as nervous as I felt. I couldn't resist. I stepped forward, cupped his face, and kissed him. 

Dinner was excellent. John had the veal scaloppini, and I had veal marsala. The wine was superb, the ambiance romantic, and the service professional and discrete. We talked more about ourselves, our lives, our families, and our work. The one thing we didn't discuss was the events of the previous night or what might happen after dinner. 

When we got to John's car, he opened my door for me. Before getting in the car, I turned to John and kissed him. What started as a gentle, warm kiss soon became passionate. When we finally broke apart, John could surely see the outline of my hard nipples poking through my blouse, and I could see the shape of his cock straining at his trousers. 

***********

We didn't speak at all on the drive back to Jeanne's house, and neither of us said a word as I helped her from the car and walked her to her door. She opened the front door and looked at me. "I do hope you're coming in," she said. 

"Thank you," I said, closing the door behind me. When I turned to look at her, I saw her nervousness. She looked like she needed a kiss. 

As it had been in the restaurant parking lot, the kiss started gently and warm. In seconds, our hands were struggling with the fasteners on each others' clothes. With Jeanne leading the way, we left a trail of discarded garments on the way to her bedroom. 

By the time Jeanne got to her bed, she was only wearing her black lace panties, and my erection was straining at my briefs, the only piece of clothing I still wore. I fell to my knees at her feet, grabbed the waistband of her panties in my teeth, and worked them down to her knees. With one hand, I pushed on her belly to make her fall backward onto the bed, and with the other, I pulled her panties the rest of the way off her and tossed them over my shoulder onto the floor. 

Jeanne gasped as I buried my face in her already wet pussy, moaned as my tongue worked its way between her folds to feast on her nectar, and screamed with pleasure as my teeth grazed her clit. Her hips bucked as I entered her with two fingers, and she wailed out her orgasm when I sucked her clit between my lips. But I didn't stop. 

When the sensation became too much for her, she pushed me away. I moved up in the bed and attacked her nipples with my tongue, lips, and teeth, licking, sucking, and nibbling. I was relentless in my passion for her, and she soon came again from breast play alone.

"Good God, John, enough!" she panted. And then she smiled and said, "It's your turn now." With that, Jeanne struggled into position so she could take care of me. She grabbed my dripping cock and spread my clear fluid around the head and upper shaft, lubricating me with her hand. She pumped me as she licked my balls. When she took my sack gently in her teeth, I gave up all resistance and lay back to enjoy her. 

Carefully, Jeanne kissed the entire length of my throbbing shaft, and then licked a new drop of pre-cum from my cock head. "This tastes even better than it did last night," she said in a husky whisper. Then, she took as much of my length as she could into her mouth, sealed her lips around the base of my shaft, and began to suck. Her tongue danced all around the head of my cock, and I groaned my appreciation. 

When I began to thrust my hips in an effort to push more of my manhood into her mouth, Jeanne pulled back and released my meat with a popping sound. "Almost there, baby?"

"Oh God, Jeanne, you have no idea how good that feels! Yes, I'm almost ready to cum!" 

"I want to drink from you again," Jeanne said, "but not this time. This time, I want you to cum deep inside me. Please make love to me, John. Its okay, I'm still on the pill. I just need to feel you inside me." 

"Oh baby, I want that too," I said, as i positioned myself above her. 

Jeanne grasped me with one hand and helped guide me to her wet opening. When we were lined up, I began to advance. As I first entered her, we both moaned with the wonderful sensation. Slowly I advanced, inch by delicious inch, until I could go no further. 

"My God, baby, you're tight!" I grunted. 

"Please make love to me!" she gasped. 

Slowly, we began to move against each other, me withdrawing as Jeanne eased her hips back, and then advancing as Jeanne rose to meet me. Our luxurious pace didn't last long. In moments we were fucking hard, fast, and deep. 

The urgency of our thrusting soon had both of us moving rapidly toward climax, but Jeanne felt hers first. The sharp inhalations of last night began again, as she felt her orgasm crash into her. I was only seconds behind, my rigid cock twitching and spurting as I filled her. When it was over, I held myself as deep inside her as I could, and we began to kiss passionately again. 

I did not withdraw. Instead, I rolled the two of us over so that Jeanne lay on top of me, and we continued to kiss through our exhaustion. When my cock had softened completely, Jeanne moved to cuddle against my side, and our hands remained in motion, caressing each others' skin. 

Finally, Jeanne spoke. "I thought we might be mature and restrained this evening. I even arranged scented candles around the room to set a romantic mood." 

I laughed softly. "Mature and restrained? Yeah, that worked out well." 

We laughed quietly together, and drew each other closer. Jeanne laid her head on my chest, running her fingers lazily through the sparse hair on my belly. When her hand went still, I smiled to myself, realizing she had dozed off. Soon, my exhaustion and contentment overcame me, too.

***********

I woke before John and panicked just a bit. I quietly got out of bed and tiptoed to the bathroom. Oh my god, I thought, thank you for keeping him asleep. 

Now it's a well-known fact that all women want to look their best. The reflection in the mirror was far from my best. We were talking some major repair. While the curling iron heated, I took a quick shower, washed my face, and brushed my teeth. I opted only for a little mascara, and threw a couple of curls in the hair and then smoothed and sprayed it. I grabbed my turquoise nightie off the door, spritzed on a little perfume, and then sneaked back into bed. 

John's back was to me, so I moved next him to spoon with him. My hand snaked around, under his arm, and to his chest. I very gently started rubbing his nipples. John started to moan, and rolled over onto his back. Eyes still closed, he moved his arm around me, and whispered, "Good morning."

I continued to rub his nipples until he squirmed. "Please, Jeanne, they're so sensitive. I can't take it." 

"Can you take this?" I asked, moving my hand down his belly, lower, lower, until I reached his cock. With a firm grip, I started to stroke his already dripping weapon. I stroked it up and down and few times, making sure he was ready. I then pulled my nightgown up over my head and tossed it aside, rose up, straddled his cock, and with one movement, impaled myself.

Slowly, I began to ride him, leaning forward so he could capture my nipples in his mouth. John played with one nipple, rolling it between his thumb and forefinger, while suckling the other. I moved my hips up and down, back and forth, while John thrust high inside me. I rode him with a passion I hadn't known in years. 
