 I'm lying with my head between her legs, between her thighs. As I kiss and lick her skin I can hear the gentle sound of rain outside. She caresses her bosom for pleasure, pinching her nipples, as I worship her with my tongue. We're both naked.

I'm feeling a bit cold so as I kiss my way upwards over her body I drag the covers with me. My lips brushing against her sweet soft skin. She offers herself up with a wide embrace. As I kiss her breasts her arms enfolded me, caressing my head and back. Gently holding me towards her.

I listen to her heart for a while, just smiling at her heartbeats. Listening to her breathing before I continue slowly kissing my way to her wondrous lips. Nibbling ever so lightly on her delicate and sensitive neck. Light kisses along her jawline... and then we kiss.

Slowly we kiss for an eternity, drunk off of each others lips. Intoxicated by each other as the rain's falling outside. I caress her cheeks, her hair. Loosing my fingers in it as I explore it. Loosing my soul into her deep eyes. We kiss again. Feeding a hunger that'll never end.

Leaning on one hand I try to spread her lower lips and aim at the same time. She smiles, gently, at my fumbling. Seizing my gaze with her eyes she seizes my staff with her hands. Moving it she slides the tip against herself, my hand managing to spread her lips a little. She's caressing herself with my member, masturbating us both at the same time. She dips it in a little, letting the tip get a taste of her. She urges me on and then I just let it slide into her with a deep-felt sigh.

Fully immersed we kiss, she locks her ankles behind me, around me. Her hands on my back, caressing and digging into my skin. My lips are hers, my member surrendering to the wet and warm comfort of her cave. Slowly we begin finding a rhythm. With our hips, our tongues, our blood... thrusting slowly into her, deeply, as her thighs squeeze me as if trying to crush and push me further in at the same time...

Slowly taking her... or is she taking, consuming, me? Dancing the ancient dance, the dance of desire, as the rain's falling outside. Her hands wander down and grab my tush as I thrust in deep, kissing deeply at the same time. Needing to breathe I break of the kiss for a moment, opening my eyes and loosing myself in hers. Her hands wandering up to caress all along my spine up to the back of my head. Smiling, in love.

Faster, rubbing our pelvic bones against each other. The upside root of my staff against her clit, rubbing. She kisses, nibbles, on my earlobe. As I thrust faster, wanting to die inside of her. Quicker, harder. Moaning, breathing hard. I want her, feeling her bosom against my chest. Her nipples against mine. I want to melt into her... vanish into her...

Passion rising in my blood, desire racing through my veins, the need for release taking over me. Working harder as she squeezes my bum almost painfully, digging in her fingers. Thrusting deeper, harder, faster. Arching my back as I send my pulsating member into her. The surroundings are starting to become a blur, my mind focusing more and more on the need...

She pulls me down, close, for a kiss. Embracing me and stopping me in my tracks. Surrounding me and distracting me with her lips... suddenly she's turned me around unto my back and she's riding me. Triumphantly she rises. The covers act like her cape, hanging from her shoulders. Her bare bosom hanging over me like ripe fruits, a promise of delights to come if I just let my tongue taste them. If I let my hands reach out and pick them. Like a gracious victor she soothes her vanquished victim with a kiss.

Her kiss upon my lips I'm still somewhat frustrated. Rising back up again she's smiling, toying with me. My pelvis acts out of it's own volition and I start thrusting into her as much as I can. She waves a finger at me, telling me that we're going to take it slowly. Ever so slowly she begins a rolling rhythm, moving her pelvis back and forward. More like a belly dancer than a rider. She twists a nipple of mine and I cringe, like the love-slave I am with her. My hands caressing her thighs, sliding up over her soft and sweet skin to those ripe fruits that I so long to taste again.

Compassionately she leans forward, giving me another taste of fruits that would be the pride and joy of any orchard. I lick her nipples, her erect and tempting nipples. As she slowly rides me I want to tempt her more and more, running my fingers slowly and lightly along her spine in a way that I know drives her crazy with delight.

She pushes me down into the bed, hard. Kissing me like a demon, raping my mouth. Her lips allover my upper body, biting my chest in a way she knows drives me crazy. Nibbling on my neck like a vampire she's driving me over the edge of sanity. I can't keep my fingers from digging into her skin, wanting to devour her. Squeezing her bottom, trying to masturbate myself by her, wanting to help increase her rhythm.

The bed, the room, is getting warmer and warmer. Starting to feel hot almost. Rising up I see that the fire in her eyes has increased, her regard decreased. Regard for what? Everything. Everything and anything beyond pleasure. Beyond human physical delight. Her hands kneading my shoulders she dives down for another kiss, assaulting and raping my mouth completely before she rises again, even biting my lip.

Back up there's a new glow in her eyes, the hellfire of desire gazing down on me. I'm biting my own lip as she rides me with more and more power. Faster, harder. I can feel the muscles around her cunt contracting around my member. Kneading my staff like a piece of dough. Squeezing it like the hand of an experienced milkmaid. Our pelvises joined in purpose, joined in the sprint towards salvation. Release and salvation.

Her hands squeezing my chest and shoulders, edging closer to my neck, she's riding me. Bouncing on my groin, our pelvises attracting and rejecting each other in a frenzied rhythm. Sweating as we consume our passion, devouring each others lust. My buttocks are bouncing off the sheets, lifting my whole lower body to meet her groin. Finally she's riding me like I desire, full of fire. More and more, I'm biting my own lip by now. Squirming under her as I feel it closing in on me.

Her whole body is pulsating, slowly opening and contracting as it's preparing to go, to blow. Her long hair's flowing down her back, a beautiful mane. Our breathing is laboured, heavy efforts to consume our love. Both of us just want to go faster and harder. So hard and so fast that even though her cunt is almost overflowing we'ld both soon catch fire just by friction alone. My wood-like part aching for it's reward. Almost there... almost there...

I loose it, almost screaming I come straight up into her. Arching my back as my body pumps out each droplet. She never stops. She just rides me hard, going for her pleasure, desperate to succeed. Each twitch going through my body taking away more of my energy reserve until I'm feeling almost depleted. I remain firm. It's the only part of me that doesn't feel like freshly cooked spaghetti. Much more sensitive after my release her continued ride is sweet torture to me. It's difficult to achieve but sometimes it is just barely possible enough for it to happen. I feel a second time coming on. It's driving me crazy, I must have it. Luckily she's riding me, forcing me, straight into it.

Pain and pleasure mixing in my head until it drives me from my mind, leaving a primitive pleasure-driven animal in place of an intelligent soul. She's shaking, shuddering. Moaning like a volcano about to blow. Below her I'm contracting, my body feeling like in a cramp or seizure. Going hard as steel before, just before. She milks me yet but she's loosing control. Forcing myself to hang on to her hips because I just couldn't bare to miss out.

Her moan an explosion. The frantic ride soon coming to an end. Desperate for it we squeeze out the last molecule of pleasure from our intimate game. Our private earthquake disintegrates me. A tiny droplet and I'm in pieces. The second is always larger. This one rips me apart. I arch and collapse. if my member was sensitive before it's more than hyper-sensitive now. Her dance of delight drove me over the edge and into the abyss. Leaving me with water in my veins, custard in my bones and jello for muscles and sinew... we pulsate together drained and draining...

Panting the last flashes of lust are experienced. A long while before we can even kiss, before we can move our heads and lips into position. The last pulses echoing through our system as we lie intertwined in our ever so slowly cooling bed. She's lying on my chest, as soon as she's able to speak she tells me she's listening to my heart. I tell her it's beating out of love for her. Soon there after we kiss, slowly. Tentatively. As if either free of desire or just to tired for it... a little later we fall asleep together, spooning. Outside the rain is still falling...