 It was early afternoon, raining like cats and dogs outside she sits on the bench in front of her picture window just looking out the kids were in school, and he was at work or so she thought. As she sits there staring almost dazed in a daydream, just then the phone rings answering it she hears that voice that she still can't get enough of even though she had only just heard it a few hours ago before he left for work.

"Hey beautiful" he whispers.

"Hey handsome, what are you doing?"

"Oh I'm just sitting here at my desk, with all this work to do, but I can't seem to get my mind onto doing it."

"Well you're not going to get if finished on the phone with me." 

"I know, but being on the phone with you is just so much better all this work is so mundane. What are you doing?" Just as she went to answer him he stops her. "Oh wait, I know what you're doing, you're sitting in front of the picture window, Staring out watching it rain aren't you?"

"Yes how did you know that?"

"I know my baby, she loves to sit in that very spot and look out that window when it rains." She smiled instantly realizing that he really does pay attention to the little things. 

"So what else do you know all the way from your office?"

"She's wearing her favorite shirt which belongs to me, the one that I always can't seem to wear because it's usually always on her. The way that she's positioned with her knees drawn to the side of her, it's pulling my shirt taunt against her, her nipples erect, and aroused and poking at the material of my shirt. She's getting aroused sitting there thinking of my tongue flicking lightly over the tips of them. Paying special attention to each one as I suck them into my mouth, nibbling on them gently." She moans softly as she listens to his voice almost whispering in her ear knowing that he is just so right. She couldn't help but to rub her right nipple.

"Oh honey, how are you going to get your work done sitting there talking like this to me?" she asks in a soft whimper. He just ignored what she was saying.

"Oh look at her rubbing her right nipple, yeah my baby likes that, she can feel my hands caressing her breasts and her nipples, especially that right one, the one that sends erotic chills through her. I move in behind her, my hands resting on her thighs, her head falls back gently onto my shoulder. My fingers moving slowly toward her mound, her fingers wanting badly to slide down her body and join mine, she loves to help me pleasure her. Her eyes closing now, as her hand makes that slow descent down the front of her body, her nails gliding over her belly. Her legs unfolding from the side of her, there she goes opening those gorgeous legs for me, allowing my fingers access to her wetness. She's laying in my lap now, her legs spread for me. Her fingers sliding inside her baby blue thong that she knows I love on her. Slowly I slide myself out from underneath her, her eyes still closed making my way between her wonderful legs. Running my tongue over the outside of her thong the length of her juicy pussy." Just then there was a moment of silence on the phone. She gasped softly as she could actually feel his tongue.

"Oh my god honey, how can you be possibly be doing this to me? I can feel you." He again didn't say a word; slowly he removes her thong, sliding his tongue along her wet, glistening, cum laden lips. That's when she realized that he wasn't at his office at all. 

His tongue sliding deep inside her She lets out with a scream of pleasure, reaching down her hands come to rest on the back of his head, pulling him in closer. Her hips gyrating against his mouth as his tongue probes even deeper. Her body begins to shake as her muscles contract down around his tongue, his tongue pushes deeper as her body spasms, and her hold on his head becomes tighter, her back arches, letting out with a sudden loud (almost window shattering loud) scream as her body erupts into wave after wave of very hard multiple orgasms. He is now in his glory as he swallows all her juices, licking and lapping at her lips to get what's left. Sucking her now very sensitive clit into her mouth flicking his tongue over it lightly he sent her into xanadu one more time as she hit yet another orgasm almost instantly. As her body began to settle, his hazel eyes locked onto her brown eyes, they didn't have to say a word, he just stared at her and her at him. 

Slowly he slid himself up her body, taking her into his arms as he leans in kissing her deep, sharing the taste of her own juices with her. As their kiss broke, he places his hands on the sides of her face…and whispers…

"Now do I know what my baby likes?"

"Oh my god yesssss you do."

"Well that was only my appetizer baby, I am by no means done with you." And with that he held her like that for a few minutes and not another word had to be said.