 She was tall and slim. Her long black silky hair was piled on top of her head, with wisps hanging down, framing her face. Her face was thin, high cheekbones, smooth and silky features. Dark eyes, and a dark red lipstick. She danced on the stage with the grace of a cat, slinking back and forth, teasing the customers on both sides of the runway. She would stop and stare each one right in the eye, then perform for him alone as he folded the dollar and she captured it between her breasts, then move to the next guy.

Sometimes she would lie on the floor in the middle, sometimes crawling sensuously, sometimes on her back with legs spread. By the time her second song started, she was totally nude, wearing only the high heels required by management. When the song finished she got a hearty round of applause from everyone in the place, with whistles and catcalls.

I sat in a cozy overstuffed chair near the back, waiting. Soon she came out the stage door, and worked her way around the room toward me. She called herself RAVEN, and the stage name fit her to a T. She looked captivating as she walked through the room, swinging her hips, smiling at all the customers. She wore only a thin silky black cape and her G string.

She sat at the table with me, and asked if I liked her performance. I told her she did a wonderful job, that she had mesmerized the entire male population of the room. She smiled and thanked me for the compliment, then asked if I would like a personal table dance. I said "sure, right now?" and she said "of course!" with a coy smile.

I turned my chair to face the back of the room. The tables nearby were almost all empty, the only guys were a few tables away, and were looking the other way toward the stage. No one could see around my chair and the table. I sat back and spread my legs. Raven stepped between my feet and began to strip off what little she had on. Her breasts were large and firm with large brown areolas and nipples that were hard, about a half inch long. Perfectly proportioned. Her belly was long and slender, rippled with muscle tone, tapering down to her shaved vee. Her legs, ahhhh, those legs! Her legs were firm and slim, and so very deliciously long, going all the way from her toes up to heaven.

She began her performance, dancing to the music, swaying seductively, dipping and turning. I told her that she was killing me, ooing and ahhhing, and she faced me, dropping to her knees. She smiled as she said "well lets see what we can do about that." "You got an extra twenty bucks?" She asked, reaching to unsnap my jeans. She found the zipper, and pulled it down. With one fluid motion, she reached inside and found my cock with her silky smooth fingers, pulling it out into the cool air. I reached over and laid two twenties on the table. She continued to sway, as if dancing, as her lips surrounded the tip of my cock. No one in the room could see that my cock was out, it appeared that she was just rubbing against me, as the girls usually do during a table dance.

My cock grew rapidly, as her lips sucked it inside her warm wet mouth, her tongue flicking around the bottom, teasing the head, circling it as she sucked it in. I very quickly reached full hardness. She stood, turning her back to me, dancing and swaying as if nothing unusual were happening. She lowered her ass to my crotch, still swaying, still appearing to be dancing, and reached between her legs to guide my cock to her waiting pussy as she lowered herself to me.

I felt my cock spread her pussy lips as she lowered herself onto me, impaling her hot wet pussy with my hard cock. She began a slow up and down movement, in time with the music, sliding my cock full length into her heat and then out till the tip was just inside her lips.

I looked up at her long slim back in front of me, tapering down to her slim waist, then flaring out to her perfectly formed hips and ass. Her asshole was right in front of me, and just below, I saw my cock glisten with her wetness as it slid in and out of her hot pussy.

She bent over, hands on her ankles, with her ass still in my crotch, her pussy still impaled on my cock. She swayed from side to side, as she moved her pussy back and forth on my cock.

It was all I could do to keep my hands off of her. I knew the bouncers were watching for any form of touching on the part of the customers, and if they would happen to glance over and see my hands on her ass they would quickly come over to investigate. Her warm ass was buried firmly against my crotch, with only one part of me touching her... my cock inside her pussy! My arms remained glued to the chair arms.

She pulled away and stood facing me, placing one foot on the arm of the chair, opening her pussy in front of my face. I could see the telltale wetness surrounding her pussy, almost dripping out of her. The song continued, and she swayed and bounced seductively, moving her pussy lower and lower toward my hard cock. 

In an unusual move, she grabbed the back of the chair, and put both feet in the chair beside me, leaving her ass hanging in the air over my cock as she straddled me. She appeared to be dancing as she lowered her pussy onto me. My cock slid easily inside her, filling her as she fucked herself with it.

After a few strokes, she threw her head back and shook all over as her orgasm gripped her. She made it look like part of her dance, timing her movements with the music. My body went rigid as my cock spasmed inside her, quietly squirting my hot cum inside her as my hands tightly gripped the arms of the chair, trying not to draw attention to us.

She moved her feet to the floor, slowly extricating my cock from her hot pussy, still appearing to be dancing as she swayed and gyrated. She again went to her knees, rubbing her breasts against me, then covered my cock with her lips as she sucked me dry, cleaning my cock with her lips. She gently tucked it back inside my pants, and pulled the zipper up, fastening my jeans before standing up. She gave a quick glance around the room to make sure our little indiscretion had not been discovered, then sat down in the chair next to me again. She spread her thighs, and used some napkins from the table to wipe the excess cum from her pussy, cleaning herself up as best she could under the circumstances.

As she cleaned herself, she said "thanks! You don't know how much I needed that, after that performance onstage - I was so horny I could have screamed!" 

She smiled, and asked, "Why don't you meet me at my apartment after work? Maybe we can find something interesting to do," as she pulled her g-string back up, and wrapped her cape around herself.

"Ok, hon," I replied, "I'll have a hot bath ready for you when you get home." I slipped my jacket on and gave my wife a hug before I left to head back to our apartment.