 Pulling up on a small, two-story house is something Val had become used to. The yard littered with toys, a mini-van in the driveway. Val was a real estate agent. She'd been doing it for years and never had trouble sealing a deal. This house looked like many others, and she figured the soccer mom living here, run rampant by driving her kids all over was ready to re-locate to somewhere closer to the schools, soccer fields and grocery stores, which she could definitely offer, but selling this house came first. Checking the address before climbing out of the car and adjusting her skirt, Val surveyed the yard again, making notes of what had to be cleaned up, put away, and which things gave it that 'home sweet home' feel that people loved to see, and buy into. The Tonka truck lying by the step had flattened the flowers that lined the walk and the rock garden was strewn about the driveway. Evidence of dog was on the grass. Holding her papers to her chest, Val cautiously made her way up the driveway, stepping over a sea of toys and up the steps to ring the doorbell. A pleasant chime rang out and she stood waiting.

'Fuck...' Bryan thought. He hadn't forgotten about the agent coming, but after taking the kids to school, doing the laundry, and trying to clean up the house time had gotten away from him. His dogs barked loudly.

"Just a minute!" 

He shouted, not that she heard him over the noise. Looking down at himself he sighed, he was only dressed in loose fitting jeans and a muscle shirt. Bryan was tall, with a muscular build. His goatee and shaved head gave off a rugged impression, as nice as he was, he did not look like a Mr. Mom. She watched the door open, and dogs came barging out, jumping against the screen door. 

"They don't bite, we don't often get company" 

He called, coming forward, grabbing them. He immediately noticed toned, tanned legs in a pair of heels through the screen. Scanning his eyes upwards those legs lead to curved hips, covered by a knee length skirt, and a thin waist, then upwards still into a relatively large chest for a thin frame, 38C he guessed. On the phone, she had sounded like such a bitch, he hadn't been looking forward to her visit, but her face changed his mind. Her curled blonde hair, her pouty lips and her sparkling blue eyes sucked him in. The dogs coughed and brought him back down to earth as he loosened his grip on the collars. 

"Sorry, come in. I didn't have time to get things cleaned, I hope you don't mind."

He opened the door and let her pass as he tied the dogs to the step. Her perfume was sweet and for a moment he wondered if she tasted as good as she smelled. 

He wasn't what she expected. He looked like someone that should be riding a motorcycle instead of driving a mini-van. She couldn't help but brush against him as she entered his home. As attracted as she was, she had a job to do, and tried to forget the mental images she projected of him being bent over her, instead of the dogs. She surveyed the room. More toys, unfolded laundry and instantly noticed a hole in the far wall. Writing it down on her list of things to take care of, he startled her as he spoke.  

"No more soccer after that" 

He pointed, regarding the hole. She laughed before taking a few more steps into the kitchen, Bryan tagging along. Showing her throughout the lower level of the house, he watched as every room he showed gave her something to write on a growing list. He began to wonder if showing the upstairs was a good idea. For what he'd probably have to spend in repairs, he'd make nothing if he sold the house. Bryan couldn't help but notice the way she stood, her hip jutting out to the side, her arms clutching her clipboard, making the valley in her cleavage seem like the grand canyon...breathtaking. The way she ran the end of the pen over her lips as she surveyed made chills go up his spine. Val sounded so sweet and innocent as she spoke. 

"Would you like to see the list?" 

She offered it to him and he read over it. It wasn't as bad as he expected.

"I suppose you want to see the upstairs now, I warn you, it's worse than down here, I can't keep up with the mess" 

He said, leading her to the stairs. She assured him that she'd seen worse as they tread upward. Showing the kids rooms, watching her make few notes, he proceeded to the small bathroom, littered with towels and clothing. 

"Just the mater bedroom and bathroom left" 

He said, leading the way to the end of the hallway. Val stepped inside the first relatively clean room of the house. She noted the pile of clothes in the corner, specifically the boxer briefs lying on top. A devilish smile crossed her lips as she imagined peeling them down and taking his cock in her mouth. His voice re-directed her attention as he mentioned the closet. She walked to the door, and while looking inside, Val's skirt caught on a protruding nail and before she realized it, it tore as she stepped back.

"Shit!"

She exclaimed, freeing the material from the nail and looking at the lengthy tear on the seam. Bryan apologized. He didn't notice the nail before; he hardly used the closet. He felt bad, but the glimpse of her tanned flesh and underwear he couldn't help but grin. 

"It's fine...I'll sew it when I get home..." 

She straightened up, holding the seam together. Seeing his opportunity to make a subtle advance, he made an offer. 

"I can sew it for you now if you like. I might be a guy, but having kids around you learn how to master a few skills". 

She looked at him and shook her head. 

"It's really no problem, it's my fault"

He insisted. She looked down at the tear again and sighed, finally agreeing. He left the room in search of a needle and thread, leaving her by herself. She sat on his bed, Val couldn't believe she was letting him do this how unprofessional, but she couldn't resist. She wanted to feel his hands on her skin, even if it was only her leg. Val closed her eyes and thought about the possibility of more. His strong hands roaming up her skirt to her thighs, over her panties. It made her wet to think about and was thinking about copping a quick feel of her own snatch just as he re-entered the room. 

"Found it". 

He looked at her sitting on his bed and how natural she looked there, and it made his cock stiffen. Val stood and extended her leg, giving him access to the tear, and everything else. Bryan could smell her scent, and it was almost intoxicating. He knelt down beside her, holding the seam together...looking at it momentarily then paused.

"It would probably be a lot easier if you could take it off."

She hesitated. Did he really just suggest that? Yes, she heard him correctly, and decided to toy with him. She turned around and in a low, sultry voice gave him her response. 

"Unzip me".

Bryan wasn't shocked at all. Val's response was just what he had been hoping for. Placing one hand on her lower back, and the other on the zipper tugging it down slowly. As the material split, it revealed lacy black booty short style panties. Letting the torn skirt drop to the floor, he ran his hand up the back of her leg, over her ass cheek, giving it a squeeze. He couldn't see her smile as she stepped out of material, sitting herself down on his bed, stretching her legs out seductively, and giving him a prime view of her crotch. Scooping the skirt up on the toe of her heel, raising her leg and offering it to him, watching him take it, and drop it back to the floor as he leaned forward to kiss the top of her foot. Gently he kissed up her shin to her knee, tickling the side of it with his tongue. Kissing further still to the top of her thigh. Bryan expected her to lie back, but found that she held her ground, sitting calmly on his bed. Pulling both her legs up, kicking her heels off, letting her feet rest on his shoulders. He continued to kiss up the other leg, raising himself up with every inch, causing her legs to bend and spread.

She had a feeling that Bryan would be rough, and know how to please her, unlike most of the men she had been with in the past. As her legs spread wider and wider, she began more aware of her own scent, and it made the pace of her breathing quicken. His breath had become ragged as well, kissing up the inside of her thighs towards the sweet smell. Finally arriving at his destination, he inhaled deeply. It had been a long time since he had been with a woman. This was a rare occasion, and he was taking full advantage. Burying his face into the crotch of her soaked panties, sucking them into his mouth, she gasped and her hand clutched the back of his head, and her toes curled against his back. She began to unbutton her shirt, fumbling with eagerness, trying to grope her tits at the same time. Bryan looked up in time to see her shirt expose her breasts, revealing the matching bra to the panties that he was sucking on. He had to see more. Her now saliva coated panties clung to her pink pussy as he rose from his knees, climbing on top of her. His kisses travelled over her navel, to the bottom of her bra. Her breasts were almost spilling out as it was. He kissed the mounds of flesh, pulling the bra down until her hard nipples popped out and he grabbed one and rolled it savagely between his thumb and forefinger. Val cried out and undulated her hips in excitement, he grinned, and continued to suck her nipple, grazing it occasionally with his teeth. 

Bryan's fingers slid behind her back to unclasp the bra. Relief came as he tossed it to the floor. She longed to see his rippling chest, she could see the outline through the thin shirt, but wanted more. Tugging the bottom of it, he broke his assault on her nipples and rose onto his knees to peel it off. As he leaned back down, her hands caressed his chest, pinching his nipples, running them up and down his muscular abdomen. Tracing her fingers down over the defined line of his hips. He leaned down, his mouth reaching for hers, she realized that his knee was placed strategically between her thighs. Working her hips up and down gave her great pleasure as the material of his jeans met with her wet panties, pressing them into her at the same time as his tongue found it's way into her mouth. Val felt like a weakling as Bryan's tongue dominated hers, and his hands fondled her ass and breasts. She was not one who liked to be taken over so easily. Much to his pleasure, she raised her legs in order to place her feet on his shoulders again, but instead, she pushed him off forcefully. He stumbled back, shocked by her unexpected reaction. Like a wild little animal, Val's eyes seemed glazed over as she sat up and crawled off the bed and into the floor, right over to where Bryan stood standing in awe. Kneeling at her destination, she reached up and unbuttoned his jeans, unzipping them quickly and yanked them to the floor. 

The outline of his cock in the boxer briefs made her mouth water. He was thick and a good size too, definitely something she could get her mouth around. Before she gave him that pleasure, she had to tease and make him want it more than anything. Running one hand down her chest to squeeze her tits, then down, where she massaged herself through her soaked panties, moaning quietly. With her other hand, Val grabbed hold of Bryan's rock hard cock and squeezed it. He groaned and tried to pull his underwear off, but to no avail. Val leaned forward and began to suck his cock, through the material of his boxer briefs, just as he had done to her. His pre-cum had moistened a small patch of material, but her spit quickly damped the entire length of his shaft. His head tilted back and he closed his eyes, it was an unreal feeling. She continued to drool, as she kneaded his balls gently. 

"Fuck..." 

Bryan groaned. He was already beginning to tense up, if she kept working him the way she was he'd bust in minutes. Grabbing a thick handful of Val's hair, he pulled her away from his cock and watched as she rubbed her pussy over her panties. Pointing at his bed, she gave him a sulking look, but turned just the same and crawled on all fours back to the bed, and climbed up on it, positioning herself doggy style, looking over her shoulder. She looked amazing. He inhaled deeply, and approached her from behind. 

Val closed her eyes and waited for him to rip the panties off and fuck her like an animal, but to her dismay he did much the opposite. Positioning behind her, sliding his thumb into her ass crack, he slid her panties down slowly, almost painfully for her aching pussy. Easing them out from underneath her carefully, dropping them to the floor with the rest of her clothes. Squeezing her ass cheeks, she began to accept his gentleness, then she gasped and her eyes flew open as a loud smack echoed and the pain shot up her spine to her fingertips. She tensed for the next spank, but instead felt his hot lips pressed against her flesh were the sting of his hand had been. She fell into the trusting lull again as she relaxed into his kisses, rudely awakened by another stinging slap to the other cheek. Without giving him a chance to ease the sting, she rolled over onto her back and lay spread eagle. He admired her landing strip, so neat and perfect, and her pink nub, hardened in excitement. Finally sliding his own underwear off, she watched as he stroked his thick piece of meat over her tiny frame. Her fingers danced across her own skin, playing downwards to her folds of pink flesh. Not giving her the chance to arrive there, Bryan lie down beside her, offering his body for her to touch instead.

Her mouth met his hungrily, shoving her tongue in his mouth. Her hands running over his head and down his back, around his front, tracing his hips down to his throbbing prick. Val began jerking him slowly, throwing her leg over his hip, wiggling closer to his hot body. Bryan decided she had suffered enough, the heat of her cunt almost against his leg made him hotter than ever. His hand caressed her hip lightly, dipping inwards, stroking up her thigh to her moist pussy. He cupped her with his hand, sliding his fingers up and down her narrow slit, causing her to sigh and moan between their kisses. Finding her soaked hole, he nibbled her lower lip then pushed her back to watch as he inserted the tip of his finger inside her and rubbed furiously on her clit. Her whole body shivered as she gasped for air, clutching his shoulders. He subsided his pace, suckling on her nipples, teasing them with his tongue before repeating his finger assault again. Val grabbed his hand as she bore down on it, driving his fingers inside her flesh, fucking them hard. Squeezing his cock as she stroked him, rubbing his pre-cum over his throbbing shaft. 

He was ready, and Val was more than ready. Bryan kissed her hard, and started jamming his fingers inside her hard and fast, and he returned to his position on top of her. Her legs surrounded his hips as she bucked into his hand, her hand still jerking his cock, whimpering and moaning like a slut. Grabbing his dick from her hand, he begin gliding it up and down her slit, removing his fingers from her soaking little hole. As she bore down on his cock, trying to fuck it before it was inside of her, Bryan couldn't help but smile at Val. Her eyes closed, fondling her tits, thrusting her hips, trying to impale herself on his unit. Placing his hands on her hips, his cock slid down until it met with her small hole, and he thrust the full length of his cock inside of her. She gasped, her body spasming. She whimpered and reached down, trying to hold him in one place until she could adjust to the intrusion. He rubbed her clit slowly with his thumb as he withdrew, only to jam back inside her again. Holding her by the hips, he began to jackhammer inside of her relentlessly and hearing her moan encouraged him even further. Her nails scraped down his back, clinging to him as he fucked her violently. Her hips unable to lock around his waist since he held them pinned to the bed. The slapping of his balls against her ass, now dripping with a mixture of their fluid combined with his animalistic growls and her intense panting did nothing to slow the pressure mounting in them both. 

Feeling his muscles tighten, the unmistakable urge to cum looming, Bryan slowed his gruelling pace. Droplets of sweat formed on his brow, he leaned back on his heels, letting her desire to cum drive her down onto his throbbing rod with all her energy. Unable to resist the urge any longer, Bryan leaned forward, resting most of his weight on his arm beside her head, using the other to grab her hip, and pulled Val into him as he began to fuck her pussy harder and faster before. With each thrust, burying his full length inside of her, Val tensed her muscles as he withdrew, milking him. Leaning back suddenly, tightening his grip on her small frame, he groaned loudly and she squealed, feeling his hot seed release inside of her. Her own explosion caused her to call out, as her body convulsed with it's own flooding orgasm. Bryan continued to groan, as rope after rope of cum spurted forth, filling her. Gasping for breath as he withdrew his shaft from her drenched pussy, coating the inside of her thighs with his cream. As he jerked his cock slowly, Val let her hand snake between her breasts, down her stomach and between her thighs. Inserting a finger inside her dripping hole and bringing it to her mouth, sucking on it lustfully and sighing. She looked so hot lying on his bed that it renewed his energy completely. 

Sliding his body down on the bed, she spread her legs again, and toyed with her clit, still swollen and sensitive. Feeling Bryan's fingers inside her made her back arch eagerly, but it was his tongue plunging inside her opening that made her gasp. Tasting himself inside of her drove him wild, as he tongue fucked her expertly. Sucking on her swollen bud occasionally, but his real focus was her soaking hole. Writhing on his blankets and moaning, Val loved the way his tongue curled inside her, then flicked at exactly the right moment, sending waves of pleasure over her. Kneading her ass cheeks, pulling her cunt further onto his face made her squeal again, securing her legs around his neck. Gasping for breath, Bryan continued his oral assault, determined to make her squirt. Rubbing her clit with his fingers feverishly, she began to moan louder and louder, thrusting her hips into his mouth. Curling his tongue against her insides made her legs tingle, and she began to gush, filling Bryan's mouth, letting him lap away at the sweet nectar flowing from her. She lay panting, unable to move. He continued to lick lazily, cleaning every drop of honey from her snatch, licking his lips as he sat up, reaching to rub his stiff cock, preparing for round two.

Val opened her eyes and watched coolly as Bryan stroked himself. She placed her finger in her mouth, swirling her tongue around it. Unable to contain the idea of his cock in her mouth, Bryan leaned over kissing her pussy one last time, placing his kisses over her hips, to her navel, up her ribs to her full breasts, where he sucked her nipples into his mouth, his hand between her thighs, keeping her wet. He took both of her beautiful tits in his hands, squeezing them together, watching the valley of cleavage deepen, his cock throbbing against his belly, longing for attention. Shimmying up further on his knees, he began to stroke his huge cock over her chest, but with her hands pinned to her sides by his powerful thighs, she could do nothing but wiggle and whimper. Already coated in pre-cum, Bryan pushed her mounds of flesh together, sliding his prick into the valley he created. Surprisingly, she responded with more enthusiasm than expected. Freeing her hands, Val squeezed her tits together for him, letting him glide between her tits as he leaned forward in order to increase the pace. Occasionally she would flick her tongue out, grazing the tip of his cock making him shiver. Remembering the way her mouth had felt on him through the material of soaking underwear earlier, he forgot about fucking her tits and thrust upwards further. She opened her mouth to greet the throbbing head and engulfed it immediately. Leaning back to watch, he shuddered as inch by inch he disappeared into Val's mouth, until at last she gagged, and withdrew him, coated in spit. Sliding his hand behind her head, guiding himself back down her throat, feeling her throat muscles contract, holding her there until at last letting her up for breath. Gasping for air, Val glared at him and took matters into her own hand.
