 Laura cried out. Her voice echoed out into the darkness. Apart from her groaning, the only noises that could be heard were the grunting of the man behind her and the slapping of his balls against her body as he screwed her relentlessly. Over and over again his massive cock thudded into her pussy as he fucked her, her boobs hanging down in front of her and swinging with each time her partner's cock rammed into her body.

With one hand supporting her body, Laura's other hand reached down between her legs, gliding over her shaven pussy and teasing her clit as she was fucked continuously. Over and over again, the massive cock pierced her body, the feelings of every inch sliding in and out of her soaking wet pussy was sending her over the edge. Faster she played with herself, bringing her closer and closer to cumming.

Laura opened her eyes to see her bedroom ceiling as she continued to play with herself, her fantasy almost reaching its peak. The vibrator inside of her was never the same as the cock she fantasised but it was all she had. One hand stroked her clit while her other pinched her nipples. She could feel the end as it approached, sucking in her bottom lip to stop herself crying out.

Her breathing quickened as her fingers did, the ecstasy beginning. Suddenly she froze as she squeezed her eyes shut. Her orgasm blew through her. With each second the pleasure grew more intense as she came, her head throbbing. Slowly, the feeling left her. Her mind cleared and she opened her eyes. Once again she could see her ceiling, the moment gone she pulled the vibrator out of her body and turned it off. Putting it away, she let her eyes close as she slowly drifted off to sleep.

Laura awoke the next morning to the sound to her alarm. The harsh piercing sound made her wake up almost instantly. Sighing, she put on her dressing gown and went into the bathroom. She turned on the shower's taps and stripped, looking at herself in the mirror. 30 years old, 14 stone, long hair, single mother. It had been a long time since she had felt attractive and even longer since she had a man in her life.

It had been a lot easier when she was younger of course. When she was 18, men would fall at her feet, begging for just a look from her. Back when she was attractive. She was sure that no man would find her attractive now. Not since Abby had been born. She was 11 this year and she was just starting to go to a new school. It was why she had gotten up so early this morning. Stepping into the shower, she felt the water run along her body.

She took the shower gel from the shelf and began to wash her body, her hands slowly massaging the gel all over her body. Laura couldn't help but spend a little longer between her legs and on her nipples. It was torture. She knew that she didn't have time for anything if she was going to get Abby ready. Her sex drive had gone on overdrive. For years she had been following the same routine. She would send Abby to school, go to her job, come back, clean the house, serve dinner and be in bed by 9. Each night she masturbated before she fell asleep. Even masturbation had become ordinary.

She cupped her breasts one last time before she came out of the shower. Her large breasts had always been her best assets. Now, her DD bust had failed her and she was alone. She dressed hurriedly and made breakfast before waking Abby and taking her to school. She hated her job but thankfully today was the first day of a whole week off. She had intended to save her holidays for summer and Christmas but she just needed some time away from the tedium.

As soon as she came home she stripped again. Her earlier play in the shower had only aroused her for something more. Back in her bedroom, she reached for her vibrator. Suddenly the door rang. Laura frowned in annoyance, grabbed her dressing gown and went downstairs. 

She opened the door, one arm holding her robe closed. Standing on her doorstep was a young man in a blue suit with a black briefcase. 'Excuse me, do you have a minute?'

Laura's first thought was that it was something official, so she let him in, guiding him to the living room. Although the curtains were still drawn, there was still enough light to illuminate the room easily. The gentleman sat on the sofa, while Laura sat in the chair opposite. For a moment the man repositioned himself for a moment before speaking 'Hello madam, my name is David Lonis and I am here on behalf of the Half-Moon company.'

Laura groaned inwardly. She had been so easily tricked into letting a salesman in, now she wouldn't be able to get away until she bought something. She pressed both hands to her eyes for a moment before getting ready to sit through his sales pitch. Leaning on one elbow she watched him through drooping eyelids.

Suddenly she realised he wasn't talking anymore. She looked at his face. His mouth hung open and he was blushing furiously. Following his gaze she suddenly realised that when she had made herself more comfortable she had given him a perfect view of her shaven pussy. With a gasp, she pushed her gown down between her legs, causing David to stand up, stammering in discomfort.

Laura stood up as well, determined to have him leave as soon as possible. But as David had stood she had spotted the tell-tale bulge in his trousers. Her sex dive took over and logic took a back seat. 'How dare you!' She began, David could do nothing but stammer 'How DARE YOU!' Laura was almost screaming 'You look right at my naked body.... ' her tone suddenly changed and she purred as she spoke next '...but you don't return the favour.' David's eyes were wide, fearful and confused. Laura's hand grabbing his crotch was all that he needed to overcome this.

David grabbed Laura's robe and pulled it off her body, letting him see all of her curves. She was incredible, just the way David liked. Some men wanted stick-women but David was of the opinion that the bigger, was most definitely the better! He began pulling off his clothes, eager to begin. Barely believing his luck, David dropped his trousers, his 7 inch cock standing to attention. This woman looked like she was ten years older than him but that just added to her appeal.

Laura nearly fainted when David revealed his throbbing dick. Normally she would have wanted some foreplay but it had been too long. Too long by far. Grabbing his neck, Laura thrust her tongue into the young man's mouth before lying down, pulling David down on top of her. Already she could feel her wetness, her excitement rising. She moaned as she felt David's cockhead gently brush against her pussy lips. She needed cock, needed it badly.

As David began to gently push inside of her, Laura nearly died from pleasure. But his tender entry was almost torture. 'Fuck me' She moaned, her pussy lips tightening around David's shaft. 'Fuck me now!'

David didn't need any more asking. Pulling his cock almost all of the way out of her, he thrust deeply into her body. Every ridge and vein of his shaft causing waves of sensation to run through Laura's body. Again he pulled out almost to the tip before ramming it home again. Gradually with each thrust David sped up. Laura gasped with each thrust, groaning with the pleasure of having a real cock slide in and out of her body.

David's hands groped her breasts as they fucked. He pinched her nipples, sending her wild and bringing her closer and closer to orgasm. David could sense her excitement and fucked her harder, faster and deeper. His cock pushed deep inside of her body, over and over again the ridges of his shaft sent Laura wild.

Her moans grew louder with each thrust, the young man's hips slamming into her body, making her breasts shake each time his cock slammed into her. Suddenly she wrapped her legs around his hips and raked her nails down his back, screaming her head off as she came again and again, her hips fused to David's. Her chest heaved with each orgasm, even as her pussy walls clung tightly to the cock still inside her body. 

Slowly, Laura's pleasure subsided and she looked up at the man still hard inside her body, his dick was throbbing inside her but he had not yet cum. She groaned again, she wanted more. She gently pushed him back, letting him pull out of her body. Laura bent over, giving David a perfect view of her bum and her soaking wet pussy. 'More' She moaned, her command desperate to be answered. For a moment there was nothing, looking over her shoulder she saw the young man reach for something inside of his briefcase before coming back over to her.

As he came closer she realised he held a large pink dildo, at least 9 inches in length. For a moment he pushed it inside her pussy, her slick passage allowing easy access but she had had plenty of fake cock over the years, she wanted the proper thing. Slowly it was pulled out again, dragging more of her juices back and running down her legs. Then there was a prodding at her bum. For a moment she was confused but as she realised what was to come she felt the dildo slam into her anus, her pussy juices lubricating it easily. For a moment nothing happened as she tried to control the sensations running through her. Then David entered her pussy again.

She let herself go. The feeling of both the dildo and David inside her made her feel so full. Then david began to screw her. His cock pushing in and out of her, moving faster and faster. His cock filled her pussy so completely that when he grabbed the dildo in her ass and started to fuck her with it as well, she nearly screamed her orgasm again. 

Laura could feel both cocks forcing their way into her, violating her pussy and her arse at the same time. Both of their bodies throbbed with heat, over and over again the two dicks fucked her. Groaning she pushed back with each thrust. Forcing both of them deeper into her body. Then David's moaning became greater more intense. The burning need of both of them consuming him completely. Faster and faster his thrusts with his hips and his dildo. He could feel the blood pumping through his body, bringing him more and more pleasure.

Suddenly it was too much. He rammed his dick deep into her body as he finally shot his load into her body. Laura could feel each pump of his cock and the feeling of his jism pump into her body, sending her off on yet another orgasm.

For a moment they just stayed like that, David's cock spurting more and more cum into her body as Laura's orgasm tightened her grip on his shaft. Then it was over. As David pulled out, he saw both of their juices as they dripped out of her pussy. Laura collapsed on her chest and looked behind her, still panting with the effort of orgasm. 

'Do you always carry a dildo in your briefcase?' Laura could still feel he pleasing sensation of the toy as her arse gripped it.

David laughed lightly, still breathless from his effort 'You never let me finish my sales pitch, I'm selling sex aids.'

Laura came over to him and grabbed his limp cock, feeling her fluids along his shaft. 'Well why don't we go up to my bedroom and you can use every single one on me?'

David grinned. 'Just so long as I get another turn'

'Oh don't you worry,' Laura stroked his cock and could feel it getting harder in her hand 'I always prefer the real thing.'