 My wife and I love our East Indian Tomato Chutney.

We stumbled across the concoction years ago. A friend had brought the Chutney to a pot luck and we went nuts over it. We could buy it at a gourmet food store, although it was rather expensive. Then I found the last few jars on the discontinued shelf and bought all they had.

Steadily our stock dwindled until we finally ran out!

What to do, what to do?

She went to the library and checked out all the East Indian cookbooks she could find. There were similar recipes, but nothing like our favorite. She experimented and fine tuned and altered and adjusted until she came up with the recipe that matched our expectant palates. It was an involved process that called for obscure herbs and spices and took about three hours to yield just a few pints of our favorite condiment.

The preparation created wonderfully pungent and exotic aromas. Our son hated the smells, so we took to making it when he was out of the house.

Perpetually horny bastard that I am, I came up with the idea that we make it while in the nude. Well not totally naked, we had to wear aprons as the constant stirring of the bubbling elixir tended to send hot drops into the air. 

I very clearly remember the first time. When I suggested that we get naked, I was expecting a resounding "no!" But to my amazement, she stripped down to her bra and panties and then put her apron on. I stripped down completely before I donned my apron.


We proceeded to pre-measure the various ingredients. I couldn't take my eyes off her voluptuous body and I made sure that whenever we were close, I would touch or rub up against whatever part of her body was handy. 

When she was chopping the fresh ginger, I came up behind her and stroked her cheeks and then reached under the waistband and lowered her panties. Then I rubbed against her bare ass with my groin. I looked down and saw a drop of pre-cum hanging from the tip of my erect penis. I wiped it off on my finger and reached around to her pussy and rubbed my sticky finger up and down her labia. She stopped chopping and sighed.

But, having been married for ten years, I knew I had it backwards. Her breasts are the most sensitive part of her body, so I reached up and unhooked her bra. She wriggled out of the straps and freed her pendulous breasts. She has large 40D's tipped with wide, pale areola and nipples that are completely flush to her skin unless she is aroused. I gently cupped a breast in each hand and teased her nipples. They quickly hardened and her areola crinkled with excitement. I never tire of looking at the change in her tits as she begins to get aroused. It is a visual stimulation that goes straight to my groin. As usual, the sight of her erect nipples and firm ass got me so horny that I could have come within seconds. I backed off and we continued preparations. 

Over the next half hour we caressed each other often and stayed in a heightened state of arousal. My penis was constantly dripping, her nipples were sticking out and, when I stroked her pubic area, I discovered that she was dripping wet down below.

We had browned the garlic and spices, added the tomatoes and herbs and were now in the stirring mode, waiting for the mixture to cook down enough to add the next ingredients. I took this opportunity to approach from behind. While I am a few inches taller than her, she has longer legs, so the fit is perfect. I slipped my erection between her cheeks and directly into her moist folds. I had to stand on tip toe to fully penetrate and it felt wonderful Her smooth walls enveloped my hyper-sensitive member. After a few minutes of exquisite strokes we had to take a break and give the chutney a stir.

Then we faced each other and kissed deeply. My hands found her beautiful round breasts and squeezed them gently. Rubbing her nipples against my chest. I bent down and licked and sucked her nipples. She moaned in total enjoyment. My tongue flicked across one nipple, then the other. Slowly my tongue worked its way between her tits, down her stomach, across her navel and down to her swollen pussy lips.

She doesn't like it when I call it a pussy, but we haven't agreed on a replacement word that fits. Regardless, I have always found her crotch area both beautiful and fascinating. A light covering of brown pubic hair tops her glistening labia. Her arousal has made them swollen, sticking out more that usual. I could stare at them for hours. I slowly licked the length of her lips, finishing at the top. My fingers spread her lips apart, revealing the pink depths of her pussy. Her clitoris is just peeking out from its protective folds of skin. My tongue found it and swirled about its head. Now she is leaning against the counter, her legs are slightly spread and she is pulling and pinching her own nipples. I know she is close and experience tells me that there is no sense in prolonging it. Orgasms have been lost in the past because I took too much time. So I licked and sucked her clit more forcefully. My left index finger plunged into her juicy depths. She let out a groan as I rubbed the top of her vagina, just behind her clit. She is now over the edge. She lets out louder moans as her vagina spasms on my finger. Her legs pinch together and her knees nearly give out as she is taken by her orgasm. It lasts about 10 seconds as I continued to lick her clit and finger her vagina. Slowly I ease my finger out of her pussy and stand up. She is breathing deeply as we hug. Then I kiss her fully on the mouth, my lips wet with her erotic juices.

Time to get back to the chutney. We each stir a pan with our wooden spoons. The mixture is thick enough to add the final ingredients. As I stir, she adds the brown sugar and vinegar to each pan. Now it is time for more simmering and stirring until it reaches the thickness that we want.

I continue to stir as she reaches down and strokes my erect and still leaking penis. At some point I had lost my apron, so she has full access as she drops to her knees and begins to lick my prick like a popsicle. She takes her hand and wipes off its head. She has never tasted my come and while I have always wondered what it would be like to come in her mouth, I have never pressed the issue. She knows I am curious, but as long as she is unwilling, that's the way it will be.

Her mouth envelopes my head as her tongue licks the sensitive spot just below the tip. Her right hand pumps up and down my shaft and her left hand gently holds my balls. The swirling of her tongue sends jolts of sexual energy through my body. My cheeks pinch together and my scrotum shrinks. She knows I am close. I begin to groan so she pulls her mouth away from my penis and strokes furiously with her right hand. I erupt into the air and onto the floor. I lean back and the rest of the spurts run down my penis and onto her stroking hand. The extra lubrication gives me a new and pleasant sensation as I squirt two more times. She reaches for the paper towels, hands me one to clean up with and moves to the sink to rinse her hand.

The chutney cooks down to proper consistency so we turn it off an put into canning jars. 

Our yield tonight: six pints of chutney and two orgasms. 

Ever since that night we have always made chutney in just our aprons. A select few of our friends know about this practice and one lady has even volunteered to help. I don't think that will ever happen, and that's fine with me. Our times spent making the chutney are the most erotic in our marriage. It is when she gives herself up to the pleasures of her body and mine. She has even let me take a few "R" rated photos of the process; photos that I treasure and occasionally take out and enjoy when she is out of town. 

I find her body EXTREMELY erotic and cherish the times when she flashes her big breasts or spreads her legs to show her hot pussy. I wish she would take greater joy in her private parts and show them to me proudly and provocatively whenever I least expect it. It doesn't always have to result in sex; it can be a simple gesture that tells me she knows the impact her body has on me and is glad to show it off. Of course, if it makes her horny while doing so, well that's even better!

So now you know the story of the REAL Naked Chef.

And no, you can't look at the pictures. 

They are mine, all mine.

I think I'll go eat some chutney.

We can always make more.