 1.

Amanda laid in her bed when her computer chirped at her. It was always on and she was always logged on at the site camcum.com. The noise disturbed the very fantasy she had had about the tall, muscular handyman, her mother had hired a few days ago. Sighing as she pulled her hand up from her panties, she turned to the computer. 

The message board for private messages blinked.

She clicked the message open, and was greeted by a picture of a large, erect cock. She sighed and shook her head at the picture, that so many men before had used as profile picture. The message was somewhat more original than most though. 

"To the blond Goddess, 
that follows me in my dreams
beautiful
eternal
magnificent.
I have often been to your profile, oh Goddess. The mere picture of you, smiling to the camera makes my heart skip. 

Could you deem a lowlife as myself worthy of your divine attention? 

I'll kneel and bow my head to you, oh Goddess. If you would only smile to me." 

Amanda shook her head again, this time in amazement. It was fairly well written. Many messages she got were from older men, who got off of seeing a girl at the age of their daughter, play for them on a cam. She didn't think too much of those kind of men though. She found them...disgusting. Her usual 'clients' were younger men. 

At age 19, it felt weird to her, to masturbate in front of men about the same age as her father. 

She reread the message again. The username Ethereal didn't say her much. She knew most of the male clientele at the site, if not from performing for them, then from browsing the site. 

"If you would only smile to me", she read out loud. That was a new one. She couldn't help but smile. He had caught her interest, no doubt about that. 

She pressed the answering button, but sat completely blank, out of ideas of what and how to answer him. She had never thought about herself as a Goddess, as someone worth kneeling for.

She realized, she was quite intrigued by the idea. Up till this day, she had gotten by - willingly and horny - by masturbating in front of her cam, for men that paid her for it. Often they masturbated on their own cams as well, so she got both money and the visual kick from watching men jerk off. It gave her a sort of high, knowing that they got horny because of her. Plus she really loved watching a guy masturbate, it was so...erotic. And it turned her on immensely. 

She clicked the answering button. 

"I must say, I appreciate the work you've put in your message to me *smiles* It's more than what I usually get." 

She read her own message and then deleted it. How should she answer a message, which was more poetic than erotic? 

A sudden knock on the door, made her lose focus on the message. 
"Yes?" she said as she minimized the webpage. 

"It's Bruce, I'm here to measure the windows. Can I come in?" 

The handyman stood outside Amanda's door, impatiently waiting. He both wanted and not wanted to get into her room. The little he knew of her was that she was young, blonde and incredibly sexy. She had been out by the pool, sunbathing, on his first day. He had been happy that he had hard work to do after that. 

"Yes, of course," he heard through the door, "just come in."

When Amanda heard who it was, she smiled a little to herself. Bruce was yummy, she wouldn't mind doing... stuff with him. She knowingly posed herself on the bed in a challenging pose, wearing nothing but her small panties and a tight tube-top. 

What Bruce saw when he entered Amanda's room, made his cock semi-hard. She laid sprawled over the bed in the smallest top he'd ever seen. Her big, firm breasts threatened to rip it. He eyed her quickly, and noticed that her panties weren't much bigger. They covered enough so she wouldn't be nude, but not by much. 

When Amanda saw him hesitate in the doorway, she gave him a dazzling smile. 

"Well, come in. Don't just stand there..." she trailed off and brazenly eyed him up and down. 

She liked what she saw; Bruce was a tall, well built guy, with shortcut dark brown hair and sea blue eyes. The tan he was sporting wasn't too bad either. He got the perfect tan, the one you can only get by working outdoors. 

The very sight of him made her pussy tingle. Yes, she would indeed like to do...stuff with him. 

Bruce smiled awkwardly and tried to think about football. That was a bad idea since his mind automatically travelled back to Amanda's big breasts. His cock stiffened a bit more. He stepped into her room and noticed that she was watching him. To his great amazement, Amanda slowly let her hands trace down over her boobs, down her flat stomach and lay to rest at her thigh, very close to the tiny panties. His eyes followed her hands as in trance. When her right hand went back up to fondle her breast, he couldn't help but to let out a groan. 

When Amanda heard him groan, she knew that he liked what he saw. She enjoyed the act though, so she turned over on her back and used both hands to caress and fondle her tits, teasing the nipples through the thin fabric. She gently pinched them and let out a soft moan. She was still horny from earlier, and here her very fantasy stood in front of her, watching her, getting teased by her! She pulled the top down, releasing the breasts. She pinched her nipples harder, and turned to look at Bruce. 

Bruce stood, amazed by the sight in front of him. There, sprawled over the bed, was a gorgeous, extremely sexy girl, pleasing herself while he watched! His cock grew even more and he groaned again. 

Amanda's hand left its place at her tit, and found her, now very wet, pussy. Slowly she slid a finger in between the juicy lips and let out a sighing moan. She started to rub her clit and entering her pussy with a finger in a slow and steady rhythm. She kept her eyes fixed on him, while her other hand still played with her nipple. 

Bruce swallowed hard. What did she want him to do? He stood for a second or two, pondering if he should leave? Before the clear thinking part of his brain could convince him to leave (this was just wrong, she was his employer's daughter!), Amanda beckoned him to the bed, still masturbating slowly. 

He quickly closed the door behind him - it would be a sight if Mrs. Collins saw what her daughter and employee were up to. 

Amanda slowly let her finger slide out of her pussy and she raised herself up on her elbow. She looked at Bruce with husky, very horny, eyes.

"Well..?" she breathed "coming?"

With that, Bruce took three long paces and ended up at the side of Amanda in her queen-sized bed. With a sideways glance down at Bruce's tight jeans, she couldn't help but noticing the bulge his hard cock made at the front of his pants.

"My my my" Amanda mumbled "aren't we happy?" she smiled teasingly at him. 

She turned on the bed, facing Bruce. Slowly, with her hands on his washboard abs for support, she rose to her knees. She let her hands trail down his stomach and down to the top of his well-fitting jeans. With a well practiced flick, she got the first button of his flyer opened. Bruce let out a sigh. With that Amanda rolled her eyes to see his face. Bruce stood very still, with his arms hanging down the sides and a mildly confused and roused look on his face. His eyes eagerly followed her hands moving down his body.

When Amanda finally got the last button opened and saw Bruce's hard cock straining the thin fabric of his boxers, she smiled wryly and licked her lips.

"Mmm," she said with a low, purring voice "doesn't this look... yummy." With that she freed his cock from the boxers and watched him stand salute.

Bruce could hardly believe what was happening and when Amanda started to lick along the shaft of his hard dick, he closed his eyes and let out a sighing groan. Her wet tongue played up and down the shaft, teasingly flicking over the head. Suddenly, and from Bruce's side unexpectedly, she took the entire length of him in her mouth. It was not that it was small, but because of practice she managed to get him all inside. Bruce moaned and laid his hands on top of her head, as she slowly started to suck him. 

Amanda closed her eyes as her lips enclosed Bruce's big, hard dick. 

"Oh yeah," she thought "just as yummy as I imagined." With that she took a hold of the very base of his dick, and started to stroke him in the rhythm of her mouth. Her other hand went up to her breast again, and she started to caress and pinch her nipple while she picked up the speed of the sucking. 

"Oooh Gooood," Bruce panted above her. He looked down at the blond beauty sucking his dick and fondling her tits. Shit, she was hot. This was hot! Slowly he bent down and reached for her big breasts, steadying himself with one hand on her shoulder. Gently he grabbed the soft mound, and felt her hard little nipple in the middle of his palm. As he slowly started to circulate over that nubbly point, Amanda's breath came a little heavier around his cock. Encouraged he took her nipple and gently rolled it between his fingers. As he pinched her nipple harder, he heard Amanda's muffled moans which, together with her sucking his dick like this, almost made him cum. 

"Easy does it babe," he said breathlessly, as he pulled away from her. 

Amanda looked up at Bruce, puzzled. But before she had time to even think "What the..," Bruce gently pushed her down on the bed, directing her onto her back. With the understanding dawning on her, she smiled invitingly to him. "Well stud," she said with a wink and hands that almost lived their own life on her boobs, "you had anything...in mind?" 

Bruce let his hand caress Amanda's firm thigh, sneaking closer towards the oh so small panties. "Yeah," he said in a growly voice "perhaps I did..." His voice trailed off, as he kneeled and continued stroking her leg. At every stroke, he was getting closer and closer to her wet, horny-aching cunt, but still never quite touching her there. Amanda's breath came heavier and Bruce noticed she was playing with her nipples again. With a small grin, he brushed over her cunt lips ever so lightly with his hand. That caused a small moan to escape from Amanda.

"Ah...please!" she moaned. She looked down at Bruce, that still was in his jeans and t-shirt, but so hot! Here she was, wet and willing, and he was just teasing her. She started to writhe a bit on the bed, almost desperately trying to get him to touch her in a more... ravishing (in lack of a better word) way. 

"You want to feel my finger, don't you," Bruce asked, as he felt Amanda wriggle under him. 

"Oh yeah, I wouldn't mind," Amanda gasped. She reached out for him and got a hold of his still hard cock. "Please," she added as she encircled him. 

When he again felt her hand on his rock hard dick, he slowly slid his middle finger under her panties, and teasingly stroked her just above her wet slit. The hand on his cock started to stroke up and down in a faster and faster movement. That made him stop teasing her and let his finger glide inside her. 

When Amanda felt Bruce's finger finally entering her pussy, she raised her hips to meet him and let out a moan of pleasure. "Oh yeah," she breathed "that's it. More...more!" 

Bruce didn't need much persuasion. Getting another finger inside her wet, wet cunt was no problem. As he heard her moan louder he slowly started to finger fuck her. Her grip on his hard cock tightened, and she upped the speed as Bruce started to rub her clit. Her breath came out in panting moans and he suspected she was close. With that thought, he rubbed her clit harder and faster and Amanda's hand on his dick followed suit. Suddenly, Amanda arched her back and screamed, "ooooh yeeeees!" followed by some ragged moans, as the orgasm rode her. 

"Oh God, he knows what he's doing!" Amanda thought, still panting after the thunderous orgasm. With a small smile playing on her lips, she once again turned to Bruce. "Let me...repay the favor," she said with a naughty smile. Bruce grinned and lay down beside Amanda. She half-sat, half-lay over his leg, as she settled in a good cock-sucking position. Bruce still had his jeans and boxers just pulled down to free his cock. Amanda tugged a bit at both and got the clothes to stop mid-thigh at the muscled thighs. She bent down over his massive hard on; Bruce was indeed not a small boy. Teasingly, she flicked her tongue over his cockhead, to slowly lick down the hard shaft. Bruce let out a sigh and closed his eyes. Amanda kept a hand at the base of his dick and slowly started to move her hand up and down, in rhythm of her sucking. Bruce groaned above her, putting his hands atop of her head, gently pushing her down his big dick. Amanda slowed down and massaged the cockhead with her tongue, while her hand gently played with his balls. "Ooohhmm," Bruce moaned under her, trying to thrust his entire cock inside her mouth. 

Amanda smiled a little around the big shaft and let Bruce have his way. Slowly, she lowered her mouth, inch by inch, down his dick. Bruce groaned again. 

Suddenly Amanda felt something vibrate under her. "What the-?" she just had time to think, before Bruce jerked a bit under her.

"Sorry babe," he said "gotta take this one." He reached down his jeans pocket and withdrew a cell phone. Amanda reluctantly got her mouth away from the cock, but kept her hand on it, slowly moving it up and down the thick shaft. "Hey honey," Bruce said to the telephone, "no, no, I'm at work," he silenced for a moment, and Amanda slowly let her mouth glide over his still rock hard cock. She snuck a hand down to her pussy, where a horny tingle had started as soon as he had answered the phone. She heard Bruce having trouble talking to his girlfriend. 

Bruce tried to stifle a moan as Amanda started to suck him again. "No honey," he paused and closed his eyes, "I don't know when I will....nng...get home." He looked down at Amanda, slowly sucking away at his cock, while he was on the phone with his girlfriend, trying not to reveal to her what was happening. Fuck, this was sexy! "Sorry babe, what did you say?" he asked as his mind had drifted away from the phone call to the cock sucking blonde above him. "Yeah, I love you too," he parted and hung up the phone. 

While listening to Bruce on the phone, Amanda smiled to herself, considering how hard it must be for him to talk to his girlfriend, while another girl was sucking his cock. That thought made her incredibly horny and she started to massage her clit, while still sucking Bruce. She intensified the sucking and heard him having trouble not to moan, to give away to his girlfriend that he was getting the blow job of his life. Amanda shuddered as her fingers brought her to orgasm. "Mmmm, yeaaaah," she half whispered, half moaned. Bruce's cock twitched a little by the sound of her pleasure. She heard him say "I love you," and drop the phone to the floor.

"Oh you are a naughty little one, aren't you?" Bruce said with a husky voice. He once again put his hands on Amanda's head and forced his cock a little deeper into her mouth. "God," he thought as she took his entire length, "fuck, she's sucking like a pro." He closed his eyes and moaned again, as Amanda again gently played with his balls. Bruce started to slowly thrust himself inside Amanda's willing mouth. She had no problem with taking him all, and started to suck harder and faster as well. She noticed how his breath became more ragged, and he groaned louder and louder. She intensified even more, putting pressure on his hard cock with her hand. "Oh, oh, oh yeaaaaaaaah!" Bruce growled under her, as he shot his hot sperm inside her mouth. 

Amanda took it all, swallowed and continued sucking and licking his softening dick. 

"Wow," Bruce said, "you are incredible." 

Amanda smiled up at him, wiping the corner of her mouth. "Well, you're not too bad either." She said, with a naughty wink in her eyes. "Too bad I didn't get to feel that huge cock inside me though," she continued. Bruce gave a shaky laugh and said "Yeah, I'm sorry aswell." 

Amanda looked up at him, "Well," she said, "this won't be the last we'll see of each other, I mean," she paused, "you're contracted for at least three months here." Her eyes held a glint of a wicked lust, which made Bruce's cock twitch again. 

Bruce laid besides Amanda, trying to figure out what to make of her...offer. God knows she was hot as hell, with a well toned, tanned body, huge (and what he had noticed) fake, sexy tits, long bottle-bleached hair and a pair of deep-blue eyes, that could make him hard just by the look in them. 

Amanda grinned to him. "I can see one part of you is more than okay with my suggestion," she glanced down Bruce's now semi hard cock. Bruce grinned back at her, "Well yeah, what did you think?" He slowly caressed and cupped one of her huge breasts in his hand. "Let's just...take it as it comes," he said low and playfully pinched her nipple. 

She gasped a little and let out a small giggle. "Yeah, that was what I was planning on," she said with a sultry voice, "to take it when it comes." She winked at him and put a hand on his hardening dick. Bruce removed her hand and cleared his throat, "Well, I should be getting on with the measurements... Wouldn't help if Mrs. Collins figured out she's paying me for fooling around with her daughter," he said with a wink and a grin as he got up from the bed, pulling his clothes back on.



2.

Later that night, Amanda had just finished one of her more...advanced shows on the webcam, when her computer chirped again.

"Oh Goddess, a whole day gone by, without you even look my way, less smile to me. What should a poor lowlife like me do to get, just some of that divine attention from the most desirable woman on earth?"

She read the message from Ethereal and remembered the one she got earlier, "Just before I sucked Bruce," she thought with a wicked grin and felt her pussy tingle at the memory. 

The question was still there though, how does one answer a poet? 

"Good evening Ethereal.

Sorry for not replying earlier, I have been...occupied. Thanks for the poetic messages; they did put a smile on my face. 
I will gladly let you see me, and I see you in return – we should set a date for a cam session *wink* 

I just wonder if we've met before? Can't seem to recall your screen name.

XXX

/Lady Godiva"

She read the message through three times, before deciding it'd have to do and pressed the send-button.

It didn't take long before the chirping sounded once more. 

"Oh my Goddess, you don't know how happy it makes me to see these sweet words of yours. I will more than gladly show myself on a camera, if that is my Goddess' desire, I do however wish to be kept somewhat anonymous for yet a while longer."

Amanda read his message, and thought with a wry smile, "Well, Mr. Ethereal, as long as I get to see your cock, I don't care about your face."

Actually, that wasn't entirely true, she did like to watch their faces when they cum. 

"Anonymous how?" she replied. A moment later the answer was showing on her screen; "I was planning on carrying a mask, oh Goddess." 

Amanda smiled to herself and shook her head. "There are nutcases, and there are nutcases," she thought. But what the heck, she liked what she was doing on cam, and this guy seemed fun enough, or at least imaginative enough. 

Amanda was getting more and more popular on the site and was now able to turn down anyone she didn't want to perform in front of. Actually, she could pick and choose whoever she wanted. And since she had fans (read regulars) enough to be able to only do 'private shows', as opposed to public ones, her opinion was important to the "bosses". It had its advantages being a hot, big-titted, blond teenager; for example a $14.99, per started seven minutes, for a private show- advantage. 
