 During my time in real estate I loved the ability to set my own schedule but also longed for a predictable 40 hour week, especially during all-day showing trips on Saturdays or Sunday afternoon open houses. If a seller was expecting me to be there from 12-4 then that was my whole day and especially if only a handful of people showed up then that time dragged on as I'd sit around bored, never really able to relax since I'm in someone else's house and have to be on point at a moment's notice. 

It was a late fall afternoon and although the weather had been nice the chill of winter was beginning to cut through wind gusts and frosty mornings. This particular house was in a rather secluded residential neighborhood and the owners had already moved out so it was completely vacant. You don't think much about the space that objects and furniture take up until you hear your own echo in every room of a home and see nothing but doors and walls surrounding empty living spaces with the occasional counter, built-in shelf or closet. As is typically the case, a few couples showed up to look, none truly intending on buying, and as 4:00 crept close I began to pack up my laptop and get ready to leave, making the rounds shutting off lights in the now darkened rooms as the sun had already set on this cool November Sunday. 

As I stood at the kitchen island waiting out the clock I saw what looked like headlights and sure enough a car had turned into the driveway. I sighed as I thought about how my day had just been extended, likely for no good purpose other than to let some non-serious customers take a walk through a place they'd never give a second thought. I then saw another set of headlights come into view and as both cars were turned off and a single person emerged from both I quickly realized the situation. A mother and daughter from the similarity of their looks and sizeable frames, likely the mother was helping the daughter look for her first home, a fact I would learn after I met them at the door and they entered into through the mudroom and into the kitchen. 

The mother apologized for getting there so close to 4:00. Her daughter had been stuck at work until 3:00 and she really wanted to see this place as it was in her price range and she felt it was a safe street. I assured her that it wasn't a problem and that they could take all the time they needed to look around since for open houses I tended to let people guide themselves as it's a more casual setting than when you're showing your clients a place. 

I smiled as they turned to start heading up the stairs and could have sworn the mom gave me a bit of a smirk back as she followed her daughter. My eyes couldn't help but watch as their wide hips swayed back and forth during their walk up to the second floor and as they made their way to the hallway I was sure I saw the mom once again look back down in my direction and smile. Maybe I was just reading into it since they were both pretty attractive. 

The mother had brown hair that fell past her shoulders, fair skin that gave her the natural look of a healthy woman in her 40s and she was wearing basic blue jeans with a wool winter coat which although it was big and bulky it was not hiding the fact that she clearly had some large breasts and that her midsection likely matched them in size. 

The daughter must have worked a second job at a restaurant because she was in tight black pants and a red button up shirt under an open wind breaker type jacket. She too had quite a lot to look at as the buttons were begging to burst on her shirt and the pants accentuated her wide hips and bubble behind. Lost in my mind I jumped to attention as I heard them coming back down the stairs. 

We made some small talk and the daughter mentioned other homes she had been looking at and wanted me to see the paperwork she has previously received and said it was out in her car. As she went outside the mother said she wanted to take a quick look at one of the rooms again and headed back down the hallway. After about a minute or so I heard her call for me, her voice echoing through the empty home as she announced that she had a question about something. 

I made me way down the hall and turned into the room to find her standing there, coat wide open with her t-shirt and bra pulled up to her neck and her massive breasts hanging out, full but soft and jiggly, the bottoms of which were resting comfortably on her big bulging belly which was bursting out all over jeans. I instantly became hard and since I was wearing dockers she could easily tell and she grinned and chuckled a little bit. 

I quickly snapped to and exclaimed, "Your daughter will be back any second!" 

She laughed and said, "Oh please, her car is a mess. It'll take her at least a few minutes to even find that damn paperwork. Now come over her so I can feel what you're showing me there". 

I felt my face get red as embarrassment momentarily distracted me from this beautifully sexy woman standing topless in front of me. I slowly walked over and as I got close she pulled me in by my crotch and let out a soft moan as she wrapped her hand around my cock. Still being caught off guard I took a step back but reached out and grabbed her belly roll, squeezing with satisfaction as I too let out a sound. 

She moaned again and gazed as she spoke, "Oh you like that huh? Well I'll have to let you get a hold of the rest of it. I knew there was a reason I just had her meet me here instead of having her pick me up." 

She pulled back and adjusted herself, bringing her shirt and bra back down over her big round boobs and buttoned her coat back up. 

"Don't worry, once she leaves I'll be sure to hang around in the driveway for a minute making like I'm doing something in my car and then I'll just come back in once she's gone. I hope you didn't have any plans after this."

I almost too enthusiastically proclaimed that I had absolutely nothing to do and that I would be happy to stick around. 

After exchanging some pleasantries with her daughter and reviewing her paperwork to advise that all of those homes were still on the market and that one actually had dropped in price they made their way out and I gave some line about taking a walk around to make sure all the lights were off. It was the longest five minutes of my life. Watching them talk to each other in the driveway, eventually taking to their own vehicles and gathering themselves as they prepared to leave. A part of me was still in shock from what had just happened. 

Anxiously I watched the mother as she turned on the internal light in her car. Wow she really was doing what she said. Sure enough her daughter backed out of the driveway and left while the mother hung around for a minute. Then she turned the car off and proceeded to exit, making her way back to the front door. 

Again I met her at the door, although with a completely different feeling than I had a short time ago, and as she walked in and past me she confidently quipped, "So you like bellies huh? What else do you like?" and turned around to give me an inviting look as I stood there with my jaw wide open. "Looks like you're good at eating too", she jokingly observed. "Good, because that'll definitely have to happen too." 

Not knowing how to respond I started apologizing for the lack of furniture or pretty much anything as the house was empty.

She quickly retorted, "Oh I'm not worried about that. The carpet seems soft in that one bedroom upstairs and we can always use the kitchen island. Let's head upstairs." 

This time her ascension of the stairs was intentionally emphasized by the popping of her hips back and forth, with a quick pause to push her large backside out toward me. I followed her into a room down the hall and she turned around and looked at me. 

"Now before you get to play with this belly I wanna see what you've got for me," she said as she stepped towards me and unbuckled my belt, unzipped my pants and pulled my throbbing cock out of my boxers. 

Gripping the shaft she knelt down and let her mouth surround it, taking in the whole thing and sliding her wet lips back and off. "Yup, that will do. Now put that away and help me get these clothes off." 

I obliged even as it was difficult to get it back in and zipped up. I didn't bother with the belt and even still she was already unbuttoning her coat to expose her hard nipples protruding through her gray t-shirt. I reached out and grabbed each breast, pulling them together and up in the process as her bra could not completely contain all that she had in there. After feeling the weight of each heavy mound of soft squishy tissue I let go and reached down to lift her shirt up over her head.

When her big arms finally fell back down as her shirt flew across the room there were mounds of fat oozing out all over the top of her jeans. I reached out and grabbed both sides and slid my hands through the rolls until they met at the front then I dropped one hand and gave a huge grab and tug on her belly. 

"You really like that thing don't you," she slyly asked as she reached down and grabbed it herself. "Yeah it's gotten pretty big over the years, very jiggly" as she shook it up and down. As she did that her floppy boobs moved wildly too, with the left one popping up out of her bra, the saggy flesh slapping her side. 

I felt myself get even harder and winced a little as my pants were suddenly feeling a lot tighter. She clearly noticed and told me to get on the ground on my back and unzip my pants. I obliged and she proceeded to stand over me and unzip her own jeans and release the rest of her enormous belly. When I saw that big flap flop out from inside her jeans my dick throbbed and I couldn't help but grab at it. 

"We'll get to that honey, but right now I want you to enjoy the show". She turned around and pulled her jeans all the way down, her plump ass glowing in my face before she turned back around and lifted her belly up so I could see her exquisite vagina peeking out from underneath the pudge. It was then that I learned that she still had a lot of movement in her for her age as she squatted down and let her belly smack against my face. 

She smiled as she popped up and stared at me. "Now I've got you right where I want you," she mischievously grinned as she turned back around and crouched down, pushing her ass out and landing her pussy right on my face.

I started with some slow, long light licks from her clit back as far as I could. On some occasions during the trips back and forth I would thrust inside and surround her inner walls with my tongue. As I began to move at a faster pace she started to move her body back and forth over my face, periodically pushing down as though she was playfully trying to crush me except her motion made it clear that she was just enjoying my wet tongue against her wet lips. The whole time I could feel her belly stretched out across my chest and, although I couldn't see, I could feel that her arms had reached out and she was grabbing her own breasts, squeezing them and pulling them close, moaning as she swayed back and forth across my face. 

All of the sudden she reached her hands down and grabbed my dick tightly and started to stroke it as I dug my tongue deeper in between her lips with the slightest of clenching and pulling every time I found her clit, slightly sucking but mostly massaging and flicking my tongue against it with rapid speed. This was clearly having an effect on her as she bent forward and again surrounded my entire penis with her mouth, her large hard nipples now being pressed against my stomach and her belly pushing even further out across my chest. I reached out and grabbed her hips pulling her closer to my face as my tongue worked at lightning speed to please her increasingly moist vagina. I continued to get harder and harder as she moved her mouth up and down, her boobs ever so slightly lifting up each time and her firm nipples pressing into me as she went back down. The more she sucked the more I focused on pleasing her with my tongue as best as I could, pushing it deep inside her each time I passed back and forth until one time as I slid my tongue down, back and inside she jumped up. 

She barely even had her head turned around and was still on top of me but looked back and said, "Yeah I'm gonna need you to get inside me right now."

I thought she was just going to turn around and sit on top of me but apparently she had other plans. She walked over to the windowsill and proceeded to put her hands forward on to it while pushing her ass back, her belly hanging down jiggling slightly as she got into position. I walked over to her with my dick pointing firmly at the sky, bent down and slid it up through the now extremely moist area and into her vagina. 

As I begin to thrust, her belly started to jiggle even more, almost controllably it wavered back and forth all over the place and I reached forward and grabbed a big chunk of it and squeezed it as hard as I could while jiggling it myself. Her fat tits we're plopped down on the windowsill and so with the same amount of force I reached forward and lifted them up and squeezed them tight as I could feel her large areolas encompassing my entire palms. I then took my hands and rubbed them down her sides as I continued to thrust, pushing myself up and into her with each stroke. I kept sliding my hands up and down her sides, periodically grabbing her breasts and belly as I felt as much of her smooth, soft body as I could. Her hips got some squeezes too while her large behind continued to pop against my stomach. At one point I grabbed her belly and squeezed it and jiggled it with purpose a few times and she proceeded to push me back and off of her and then she turned around and leaned back against the windowsill. 

"Well don't just stand there," she said, "come fuck this belly." 

I happily obeyed and as I stepped forward to put my dick right into her belly button she too moved forward, grabbed the sides of her belly and squeezed it together so as to completely surround my penis inside of her belly fat. As I pushed my dick in and out of her big fat belly rolls she continued to squeeze the sides of her belly together so that I could feel all of her jiggly smooth belly completely over take my rock hard cock. I reached out and pressed her breasts together sticking my face in between them and then pulling back and grabbing each one at a time massaging before I went in to lightly suck, lick and pull on her extremely large hard nipples, my dick still pressed deep inside of her belly. 

I then reached down and cupped the big pouch of fat underneath her belly that was hiding her pussy and stuck a finger deep underneath it and inside of her at which point she pushed me back and ordered me to get back on the floor on my back. She then walked towards me, her fat belly and breasts swaying back and forth and with her belly hanging, her big flappy apron belly, she proceeded to get on top of me as I laid on my back and she put me inside of her.

She bounced up and down on top of me, her breasts heaving and slapping against her as she moved, her fat belly bouncing all over chest while she rode me. I could feel how wet she was as my entire genital area was being completely soaked in her juices. I reached up and grabbed her belly with both hands and shook it will she grabbed her breasts and pulled them up. I then let go of her belly and reached up for her breasts as well, squeezing them and pulling hard on the nipples as I laid back and arched up as she continued to sway back and forth on top of me. 

I don't know if she saw me cringe at all but she must have read my mind because when she stopped the first words out of her mouth were, "That hardwood must not feel good against your back. Here, why don't you let me get down there since I have a little more cushion."

She got up off of me and got back down on her back and she laid down both her breasts flopped right off to the sides and her belly did a sort of circle circular jiggly motion for a few seconds before it settled. I got up on top of her and proceeded to get inside of her, her belly pushed firmly against me. As I kept thrusting in and out of her I reached down and grabbed the fat with both hands and took one of the rolls and started jiggling it, her breasts moved up and down and all around as her whole body shook while I stuck my dick deep inside of her, pushing as hard as I could with the steadiest of motions as it was coming close for me to cum and I wanted to make sure she would be all set as well. 

I continued to push harder and harder, squeezing tighter and tighter on her belly roll and all of the sudden her entire body began to shake and she let out a muffled yet deep long moan which gave me the impression that she had reached completion. Knowing that I was as close as I could get I pulled myself out and looked at her. 

"Well baby, where do you want it to go?" she asked, and before I could even fix my mouth to give her an answer I felt it coming and I stuck my dick right back into her belly button. 

She immediately grabbed both sides of her belly and pushed it up and together so that my dick would be again surrounded entirely by her fat belly as I emptied myself deep into her belly button. I sat back with satisfaction and looked at her for a second then grabbed my shirt from next to me put it down under me and proceeded to slide back and dive my face deep into her soaking wet pussy. 

She was so wet I felt like I was going to drown myself as my entire face up to my nose and down to my chin was getting covered in her pussy juices, but I couldn't help it. This woman had the body of a goddess and had just allowed me to not only fuck her belly but shoot a heavy load of cum deep inside of her belly button and so there was nothing I wanted more than to treat her to some dessert as I pressed my face firmly into her vagina and again slowly licked up and down, thrusting my tongue inside then lightly massaging, sucking and pulling on her clit until she once again begin to shake uncontrollably and let out that same slightly muffled yet clearly obvious moan. 

I now feel truly satisfied as I knew that without question I had made her cum. I pulled my soaking wet face back, wiped it with my hand and looked at her as she sighed with relief and sat up, her breasts sagging down to rest on top of her fat belly. I felt my dick getting hard again underneath me and had to quickly get up from the ground.

We both started putting our clothes back on and heading toward the front. As she moved to the door I said I still had to pack up but that perhaps I could get her information to add her to my mailing list. 

"Absolutely", she said, "I'll have to start looking out for your open houses" and I chuckled as I told her that I'd be in touch and as she opened the door to leave she turned back once more to say, "Just make sure you let me know whenever you have a vacant home for sale".