 On the day of the final walk-through and closing for my new home I meet Lillian at her office so we could ride to the attorney's office together. As I am shown into Lillian's office she immediately gets up from her desk with a smile and comes to greet me and we share mutual kisses on each cheek. We hold each others hands between us for a few moments and I compliment her on her saying, "You look radiant today, and I absolutely love your hair style." 

She responds, "I just had it done this morning. You are such a thoughtful man, thank you for noticing."

Unlike the revealing outfits she wore when she was showing me the various properties, her suit today is professionally attractive yet appropriately conservative since we are going to a meeting with the attorney. But, she still has a very sensuous aura about her.

This time we are taking my car and even dressed as conservatively as she is Lillian still gives me a beautiful display of her legs as she gets in the car. As I get in I can't help but notice she has adjusted herself in the seat such that she is facing toward me and is now showing off as much as possible. I had to smile because her display confirmed that her sexuality was not just her revealing clothes, but her attitude. Lillian saw my smile and asked, "What is that lovely smile for?"

"Even when you are completely dressed, you are the sexiest woman I have ever seen," I said.

"I'm glad you feel that way. You sure know how to make a woman feel appreciated."

Before going to the Lawyer's we did a final walk-through of the house. We were busily opening cabinets and doors and looking at everything. In the master bath Lillian opened a lower cabinet and called me to look at something. As I turned I saw that her suit jacket has fallen open and I am treated to a full view of her lovely tits. I enjoyed the twinkle in her eye as somehow I knew she would find a way to show off even dressed so conservatively.

At the closing we are seated next to each other and I feel her leg pressing against mine and her hand resting on my leg and even caressing me from time to time. I really had to concentrate to get through all the paperwork and signatures, but I made it. The attorney had to step out to have some copies made and her hand quickly moves between my legs and she quietly says, "Just checking to see how you are feeling." 

It was difficult to remain calm, but I did my best to remain nonchalant saying, "It is a very exciting day."

Lillian responded, "I like it when my clients are excited by what I show them," as her fingers enjoyed my obvious erection.

The paperwork ordeal finally is over and fortunately, we chat with the lawyer for a few more minutes which allows my excitement to subside so I can walk out without being completely embarrassed. 

As we ride back to her office I notice she has moved closer to me in the seat. Now relaxed after our business is over, I place my hand softly on her leg which brings a smile to her face. Returning her favor from the closing, my hand searches between her legs, which drift open to allow me easier access and her eyes close as she is enjoying my caresses. "Mmmmmmmmmm that feels sooooo gooood" she whispers.

As we arrive at her office I quickly get a package out of the car as we head inside. The box is actually a gift to express my heartfelt thanks for her wonderful service and finding exactly the property I was looking for. Her eyes grow large with excitement as she quickly tears open the wrapping and opens the box to find a new outfit. I tell her, "I couldn't find the right words to adequately thank you so this is the next best thing."

Lillian throws her arms around me and gives me a warm kiss saying, "Thank you so very much, you gift is a very sweet gesture." Our kiss lingers slightly as our tongues are enjoying their first contact with each other.

I continued, "I would also like to take you to dinner tonight to properly celebrate our closing the deal."

As she gave me her address and directions she said, "That would be lovely."

As I arrive at Lillian's house I present her with fresh flowers. Kissing me as she takes them, she has me follow her into the kitchen so she can put them in fresh water. She is wearing the new suit I bought and it is a stunning fit. As she bends over to get a vase from under the sink I am treated to a striking view as the short, tight skirt has ridden very high. As she finishes with the flowers I tell her, "the suit looks better than I ever imagined," and she turns slowly to allow me to see it from all angles.

As she completed her pirouette she asks, "But, how did you know the right size? 

"I guess I just have a good eye for a very beautiful woman."

"I enjoy the way it fits so snugly," as she lightly runs her hands over the material as it hugs her curves.

The jacket has two buttons with a plunging neckline and I can't help complimenting her, "Your breasts look absolutely gorgeous tonight."

Lillian then comes to me and embraces me whispering, "You are a very dear man and I love the way you have treated me." As she finishes our lips join in a very passionate kiss and, bodies press tightly together and I enjoy her full tits pressing against my chest.

Ever the gentleman, I open her door and for her to get in the car as she treats me to another wonderful view of her sexy legs and thighs as well as the tiny black thong covering her feminine treasure. I notice there are diamonds on it. As Lillian allows my gaze to linger and we smile knowingly at each other. 

As I get in she has again turned so she is seated facing towards me and her short skirt has ridden way up and her thong is clearly visible. She watches as my eyes roam over her whole body and asks, "Do you like what you see?"

Almost breathless I answer, "Yes, and your diamond studded pussy adds a very special touch to the outfit."

Her only response is to lightly squeeze my thigh and she caresses my leg as I drive and we chat.

The restaurant is elegant and quiet which allows us to enjoy in intimate dinner. Seated across from each other we both become playful. I silently slip one foot out of my shoe and move it up Lillian's leg until my toes are caressing between her legs. Not to be outdone, she gives me the same treatment and we are thankful for he long table cloth which hides what is going on under the table.

The intimate atmosphere also affects our conversation, which becomes hotter. We linger slightly after the meal, but decide to leave in search of what the night may still hold. The routine of my helping Lillian enter the car is much the same, however when I get in I am met by her fully exposed breasts. She has unbuttoned the top button of the suit jacket and the second button is holding her stunning tits out at me. 

She says, "My tits have been confined all day and I just need to let them out to get some air."

I respond saying, "It is perfectly OK with me," as Lillian snuggles close to me and tightly holds my right arm in both of hers and rests her head on my shoulder

Arriving at her house I am happy to see that she makes no effort to cover her tits as we head inside. No sooner is the door closed than we are locked in an embrace, kissing deeply and caressing each other all over. Finally, I enjoy my first touch of her full tits and find very large hard nipples needing my attention. 

Breaking the kiss, Lillian whispers, "How about a glass of wine?" 

"I would really enjoy one," 

Returning, she has a bottle for me to open and I fill the two crystal glasses as she relaxes on the sofa. I hand her a glass and join her and offer a toast, "Thank you for your special and personal services, you found exactly the property I was looking for." 

Lillian responds, "Don't forget I provide the same service after the sale too."

We both sip the wine as our eyes lock together. As our glasses lower, we both have the same thought as we set the glasses on the end tables and then embrace tightly in a very hot kiss. Our hands are again all over each other and soon my kisses are trailing down her neck and my lips soon begin enjoying the taste and shape of her firm tits. Obviously enjoying the attention she urges, "Suck my hard nipples."

I gladly respond to her request. Simultaneously, one of my hands finds its way to her diamond studded thong. The material is very wet with her flowing nectar. She is growing hotter and hotter and I open the other button on her jacket and begin kissing my way down her tummy toward her wetness. Her skirt is bunched at her waist like a wide belt and soon my tongue gets its first taste of her juices. Lillian shudders at the first touch and tells me, "Please eat my pussy. You have been making me so hot all day. I need to feel your tongue in me."

I pull the tiny piece of material aside and begin pleasuring her in earnest as she opens her legs wide to enjoy the treatment to the fullest and her hips begin undulating as she fucks my tongue. I have my hands under her firm ass, holding her pussy tight to my mouth so my tongue can reach as deep inside her hot love hole as possible. Soon her hips are bucking wildly and a tremendous orgasm follows soon after.

"You taste wonderful," I tell her as I totally enjoy savoring every drop of her cum. As I finish the last beads of cum from the folds of her pussy, she quickly pushes me back toward the other end of the sofa and unzips my slacks to free my hard cock and starts to savor my erection. I can only moan as I enjoy her exquisite touch. Lillian is truly an artist when it comes to sucking a cock. Her lips are like velvet, as she swirls he tongue over my dick and slides down taking me fully into her hot mouth. With all the teasing during the day I am very excited and it is not long before I explode and she is more than pleased to take all my cum as we both enjoy my orgasm. 

As we both relax from our excitement we savor our wine and continue to enjoy a very intimate conversation. It has gotten late and we did satisfy each other on this special evening. 

As Lillian sees me to the door, a departure which is very lingering, she does not cover up as she says, "I want you to remember me this way," and she also reminds me again, "Don't forget that I continue to provide all my special services after the sale."

We share a final passionate kiss and caress each other all over. As I step away I give her nipple a final caress between my fingers. As I drive off I see Lillian still standing in the doorway watching me as she caresses her tits with one hand and her pussy with the other.

Lillian truly is a full service Realtor.

To be continued.