 This is the final chapter of THE REALTOR. I have enjoyed all the comments readers have emailed to me especially those from a former Real Estate agent who had similar experiences. I would certainly enjoy hearing more about her encounters and I also encourage her to write about them for all to read.

Here is the last chapter as Lillian helps me find the services of an interior decorator. Enjoy!

Lillian called back quite quickly saying one of her friends, Kelli, was an interior decorator and she was quite excited about the opportunity to provide her services to me. We agreed to meet Tuesday evening.

I got home from work about 30 minutes before our appointment, so I had just enough time to fix a quick "Munchie" and open a bottle of wine to breathe so we could enjoy it later. I then took my tie and suit coat off just as the clock chimed 6 PM, the time for our meeting. 

As I opened the door I was somewhat surprised to see Lillian in a nice pair of black slacks. They were wonderfully tight around the hips and rear as well as down the thighs then flare slightly. They really showed off her shape well and she looked stunning with high heels. A tight knit top that showed a small amount of cleavage, well a small amount for her, completed her outfit. After what has become our traditional greeting of a kiss on each cheek she introduced me to Kelli and she immediately impressed me. Wearing a short skirt and blouse, which she left open slightly, her charms were very apparent. I escorted the women to the den where we sat down to discuss the decorating I needed and to sip the wine as we talked. Kelli was very attentive to my desires and said she already had some ideas to take care of my needs based on her chat with Lillian.

We toured the house and Kelli continued to impress not only with her decorative skills, but also her appearance, which she seemed very uninhibited in showing off. I was thinking Déjà vu as I watched her seemingly show off with every move she made, but just couldn't believe it could really happen again. I noticed Lillian whispered something to Kelli while we were in the Master bedroom and I was curious about what she could have been saying that she didn't want me to hear. 

Back in the living room Kelli provided a few quick sketches of her ideas which I told her I liked very much. Not to mention, I liked the way she showed off her tits as she leaned forward to point things out on her sketch pad on the coffee table. She said it would take a few days to refine her ideas and drawings and then she would call to arrange an appointment to bring them by along with material samples. I said that would be fine.

Business finished, our conversation became more casual and friendly. Lillian shared the story of how she and Kelli had become friends a number of years ago. I was really enjoying this, but Kelli indicated she has an early appointment in the morning and needed to leave to finish her preparations. 

Kelli had followed Lillian in her car knowing she had to leave early, so I walked her out to her car. As we headed out the door she called to Lillian, "Call you tomorrow." 

At the car I thanked her for coming in the evening as it works best with my schedule. She replied, "No problem, I am just very happy to be able to provide my services to you, and I'll call as soon as I finish my proposal so I can come by for your approval." I opened her door and we shook hands, then as she got in the car I enjoyed a lovely flash of her thighs and her pretty smile. Watching her drive off, I found myself smiling happily.

When I returned I refilled our wine glasses as Lillian and I sat back and relaxed on the sofa. After a few moments and a sip of wine Lillian asked, "Well, what did you think?" 

I started by saying Kelli is very talented and I like the way she is able to quickly draw out her ideas. 

I noticed Lillian chuckling and she said, "No, I know she is professionally qualified, but what did you think about her, the way she looks?"

I responded, "She is very attractive." 

Now Lillian was really laughing and said, "OK silly. What did you think about her tits?"

I began laughing too and asked if she was trying to play matchmaker.

Lillian explained she has known how talented a decorator Kelli was for a long time and that she has been very successful. However, as a single woman, she has not had a lot of luck finding the right man. "Since she was so talented, intelligent and pretty, I thought you might be a good match. After all, she reminded me, "You said you did not have a lady in your bed right now. And I know you saw me whispering to her as we left the Master bedroom. I was telling her that's where you did me."

Pausing a moment to watch my expression which was a smile, Lillian continued, "That is why I dressed conservatively tonight so I would not distract you from looking at Kelli. "So, what did you think of her tits," you ask again. 

After a pause for a long moment, I said, "I like the way she showed them off and they looked quite large." I continued indicating, "I also enjoyed the short skirt and the sight of her legs. She looks very athletic."

"She is an avid jogger," Lillian added.

I'm sure we could have continued this discussion quite awhile, but it was obvious Lillian was getting excited as her nipples were now clearly visible through her top. She moved closer to me on the sofa and put her hand on my leg and began caressing my inner thigh which wasn't helping me either. It wasn't long before Lillian was softy running her hand up and down my cock and then unzipped my pants to free my hardness from its confinement. Without saying a word she took me into her mouth and was soon giving me the pleasure of fucking her mouth. She had such a wonderful touch it wasn't long before I was shooting my cum into her warm mouth. She continued until she had cleaned every drop. As she finished I pulled her into my arms and we shared a deep passionate kiss. As we breathlessly parted, Lillian had a somewhat sad look and I asked, "What's wrong?"

"I have so loved having you as one of my very special clients and you have truly fucked me wonderfully, but I know Kelli is very excited about meeting your and she gave me a little sign tonight that she really wants to fuck you. I think she will be the perfect decoration for your bed."

I responded. "I have been totally satisfied with your service and I am grateful that you recommended Kelli to me." I continued and related my "Déjà vu" thoughts from earlier in the evening to Lillian and then said, "If Kelli is anything at all like you I know things will be just fine."

Lillian then indicated that she better be going but emphasized this was not the end of our relationship, but the beginning of a friendship. I took her arm and we strolled out to her car. I opened her door but before she got in she again pressed herself against me for another deep kiss. As she got in she gave my cock a playful stroke saying, "I'm sure you and Kelli are going to have a great relationship."

I'm sure the real reason Lillian needed to leave was she was very excited and needed to get home and get fucked. I strolled slowly back into the house, enjoying the fresh evening air as my thoughts returned to Kelli and I felt my cock stir in anticipation. 

Kelli called me the next evening to say she had completed her preps for me and asked if she could come over the following evening and indicated, "I won't need to dash off this time and I'll stay until all your questions are answered." We agreed on a time, but unlike the typical short-and–to-the-point business call, we continued chatting a few minutes, getting to know each other better. She said she had talked to Lillian and heard she stayed only a little longer after she had left the previous night. "I know how Lillian likes to show off and how excited she gets so she needed to leave and get Steve to take care of her." 

I was laughing as I told her, "I was thinking the exact same thing when I walked her out to the car."

Kelli laughed also as she said, "I guess Lillian and I have a lot in common."

I picked up on her leading comment, but let it pass as I told her, "You have a lovely laugh."

"Thank you. Even though I just met you the other night, I feel very comfortable with you and you have a way of making me laugh. It's been a long time since I felt like that way." 

We ending our chat saying we both were looking forward to the next evening. I have to say, my heart picked up a beat as I recalled the conversation with Lillian after Kelli left the first night.

I was happy to hear the doorbell as Kelli arrived and had to stop myself from running to the door. As I opened the door the fading sunlight added a golden color to Kelli's blond hair and I was very impressed by the striking woman standing in front of me with a very big smile. I reached to shake her hand and she gently took it but then came close and kissed my cheek. She then stepped back looking for my reaction. 

I responded, "Thank you," putting my fingers to my cheek to touch the spot her lips had just touched as if it were special, which it was, and then kissed her cheek in the same fashion. I also took a few lingering moments to allow my eyes to take in the beautiful woman standing in front of me. Kelli was wearing a short tight skirt and white blouse left very open and her smile said she was enjoying the way I was looking at her.

I took Kelli's arm and led her into the den and asked if she'd like something to drink before we got started. She said water would be fine and followed me into the kitchen to watch and look around as I fixed two glasses. As she looked around she said, "Lillian told me you really like to cook. It looks like you have quite the gourmet kitchen." 

Handing her the water I said, "The kitchen was one of the primary reasons I took this house."

Following the thought Kelli asked, "What's your favorite dish?"

I wanted to say it was her, but instead I offered, "Anything Italian with a lovely woman like you."

This bought a big smile to Kelli's beautiful face and I again heard her lovely laugh. She put her hand softly on my arm looking straight into my eyes and said, "That's very sweet. I accept the invitation."

I took her hand in mine, and brought it to my lips and gently kissed it saying, "Tomorrow, 7:30?"

"Date!"

Continuing to hold her hand I led Kelli back to the den as we did have some decorating business to cover.

We sat on the sofa and Kelli spread her materials out on the table then turned to me to begin her presentation. I listened intently and it was a good thing I did, because as she faced me her short skirt did little to hide her stocking tops or tiny thong. As she moved showing me particular features on the various sketches, her blouse fell open even more allowing me a clear view of her full D-cup tits held by a very skimpy lace bra.

As Kelli finished describing her plan she put he hand on my arm again and asked, "What do you think of everything I've showed you?"

"I think you are the most talented and beautiful decorator I have ever met and I love everything you have showed me."

"I do have one question, would you prefer the lighter or darker fabric her in the bedroom," as she pointed to a particular part of a sketch.

Kelli saw my eyes moving back and forth between her tits and legs and smiled. Not getting an answer she then grabbed my hand and said, "OK, I see you've lost your concentration. Let's take the fabric and see how it looks in the bedroom."

Since we had been sitting, Kelli's skirt had ridden well up her legs, but as we headed toward the stairs she did not push it back down. As I followed her up the stairs I was treated to a lovely view up her skirt. At the top Kelli saw that I was looking and stopped as she asked, "Did you like what you saw?"

There was no hiding my pleasure or excitement as the tent in my pants gave me away so I said, "Yes. You have the prettiest legs and I love the way you butt wiggles as you walk."

"I'm glad you enjoy it. I like it when a man appreciates me like that." 

The sexual excitement between us was tremendous, but Kelli reminded me we were going to decide which fabric we were going to use in the bedroom and took my arm to lead me on.

Kelli moved about the room holding the fabric in various places for me to try to visualize how the colors would look. Facing me she bent down to hold the sample near the carpet. As she did this her tits pushed the material of her blouse completely open and nearly fell out of her tiny bra. She knew I was watching but as she stood up only smiled but did nothing to cover the beautiful sight up again. She then went to the side of the bed and bent over again, this time facing away from me. Her thong barely covered her pussy and the material did little to hide the delicate folds of her treasure.

Somehow I had known as she had approached the bed that she was going to bend over again and I had already started walking toward her. I could not resist caressing her shapely rear and said, "Lovely, simply lovely."

My movement startled Kelli slightly and she stood up. As she did her ass was rubbing against my cock which now was making a large tent in my pants. Realizing what she had found, Kelli pushed back against me and tilted her head back over her shoulder so our lips could share our first kiss. It was a very passionate kiss, our tongues enjoying each other. I reached around and cupped her full tits with my hands, softly caressing her skin and teasing her hard nipples with my thumb and forefinger through her lacy bra. I found the front clasp of her bra and unhooked it to free her mounds and returned to her nipples. I soon discovered the largest nipples I had ever touched. They were as big around as my thumb and nearly an inch long.

Breathlessly we broke our kiss and we were both moaning as the pleasure filled our bodies. Kelli was the first to speak saying, "You touch is so gentle and wonderful, I hope you never stop."

"Mmmmm, I'll gladly caress your body all over," I said.

"Once you get my nipples hard there is only one thing that will satisfy me," she whispered as she pushed my hands away and positioned herself on the bed on her hands and knees and then reached back to pull her thong aside, and looked back at me saying, "Isn't it time you took that hard cock out and put it to good use?"

She watched and smiled as I unzipped and removed my pants and she noticed I was not wearing any underwear. She told me she always thought it was sexy when a guy doesn't wear underwear.

I worked the head of my dick in the wet folds of her lovely pussy to lubricate it and soon pushed into her velvet hole. She was so hot it was not long before we were both thrusting into each other. I moved to hold her tits and continued to enjoy her huge nipples. Kelli was clearly enjoying it as she said, "I love getting fucked and having my tits worked at the same time. It makes me so hot. Fuck me baby, fuck me good."

"Your pussy is so hot and wet. Did I do that to you?"

"I wanted you inside me from the moment I first met you. You sure know how to fuck a girl just right. I'm close baby, give it to me. Give me all your wonderful cock. Fuck me, fuck me hard."

I told her I was close too and it was not long and we were cuming together. As our orgasms began to subside we collapsed on the bed, still joined as one. Kelli said, "Don't even think about ever taking that lovely big cock out of me."

"Kelli, I wouldn't dream of ever doing that. You are a fabulous fuck," I responded.

"That's sweet lover, I'm glad you feel that way. The same goes for me."

As we relaxed we chatted, sharing our thoughts about our new relationship. Kelli told me, "I'm so glad Lillian called me to help with your decorating and that she told me all about you." Kelli, sensed my surprise and continued, "You know we've been friends for years and she has always taken great pride in giving her clients the best service possible. She told me a long time ago how she would show herself off and tease her male clients and even fuck some of them. I was always interested in that too, but I'd only do a little teasing. It always made me hot to show off and I enjoyed it, but I'd end up satisfying myself when I got home. Lillian would always try to get me to go out with some of the single ones, but it just never worked. When she told me about you, I said he has to be too good to be true, but when she told me how you had fucked her, I knew I just had to have you." She looked in my eyes, smiling and said, "I'm glad I did."

I then told her about the conversation Lillian and I had after she left Tuesday night and how Lillian was asking how I liked her tits. I even told her how Lillian had thanked me for being a special client by sucking my cock.

Kelli responded, "I'd like to suck y our cock too, but right now I like it right where it is inside me."

I agreed.

We stayed close for a long while chatting and continuing to caress each other. Unfortunately, we both still had to work the following day so reluctantly we finally got up and headed to the shower together. We both enjoyed soaping each other and I once again had Kelli's nipples rock hard and bent to kiss tem and run my tongue over the large tips. Kelli went crazy as I did this and quickly reached for my cock stroking it to make sure it was hard. With a quick movement she had me buried in her hot cunt again and was fucking me like there was no tomorrow. 

"Push that beautiful cock in me and make me cum again," she cried breathlessly.

I pushed as deep as I could and said, "Go ahead ride it to your hearts content."

"That's perfect baby. I can feel you all the way up inside me and you hit my clit every time I move. Oh, I'm cuming. Fuck, it feels so good."

As she came her pussy gripped my cock tighter and I let loose a stream of cum deep in her.

"Yes, baby, I feel that. Shoot your cum inside me. Give it all to me."

We were leaning against the wall for support as the water beat down on us helping us relax and recover. Finally we pulled apart, finished rinsing off and toweled off. I pulled on a pier of jogging shorts as Kelli dried her hair and tried to fix it quickly for her ride home. I then helped her sip her thong back on and watch her adjust it so it fit just right. Similarly I helped her with her bra and enjoyed the sight as she adjusted the material so it barely covered her dark areole and nipples. She pulled her skirt back up and I zipped for her and then she put her blouse back on, buttoning only a single button just below her tits so they were still "On display."

"You are a beautiful sexy woman and I love the way you show off your feminine charms," I said.

"Thank you. Like I said earlier, I love doing it for a man that truly appreciates what he is seeing as you do."

We headed out arm in arm and I picked up Kelli's materials as we headed on out to her car. I placed her papers in the back seat and then took her in my arms, looking into her eyes and said, "I am so happy Lillian recommended you."

Kelli responded, "Me too. I'm going to have to find a way to give her a very special thank you."

We shared our final kiss of the evening. It was much more delicate than any of the others throughout the evening, but filled with much more emotion. As our lips parted we could only gaze into each others sparkling eyes.

I finally broke the silence and said, "Dinner, tomorrow evening, 7:30, right?"

"I wouldn't miss it for the world, Lover."

I opened Kelli's door and watched her get in. With one leg in and the other still on the ground Kelli looked at me with a big smile and said, "My pussy is even smiling and can't wait to see you again tomorrow."

With that I bent and gave her a kiss on the cheek and said, "Until tomorrow then."

I stood there smiling broadly until her car was out of sight.
