 The phone call had been surprisingly easy for Dr. Greg Clark. He expected to be nervous or get her voicemail or... who knows what? He just didn't expect it to be so easy.

He had a late afternoon cancellation and had no extra work to do. His mind had gotten to running and he recalled Mallory's promise. Any time he wanted her, any where she wanted her to be he need only call and ask. He did not quite buy the flexibility and could not help but want to test it. Sure enough, she answered and told him she'd be there right away. Apparently his babysitter meant what she said.

When he hung up the phone, that's when the nerves came. What if Gina dropped in for a surprise visit? Sure, she had not done that since before Shelley was born, but she still could. Or what if there was an emergency? Granted, dermatologist emergencies are few and far between, but, still, it could happen, right?

And so the doctor sat for fifteen minutes, mulling all the ways it could go wrong. He had all but convinced himself to call her and tell her to turn back around when there was a knock at his office door. Pammy eased it open and whispered, "There's a walk-in here. She said you said she could come by?"

"Yes, of course. Send her in."

"Did you tell me? Because I don't have her on the schedule?"

"She just called, Pammy. Literally. Sorry not to give a heads-ups."

"No worries," she replied, her voice betraying her worries.

"You can go on in," she heard her tell Mallory.

Mallory entered, only a tan London Fog jacket and a pair black knee high leather boots. She closed the door behind her.

"I think you've got a jealous PA there. Cute...but jealous."

"About what?" Greg asked. Pammy being jealous was never something the doctor had been aware of before.

"Oh, I think you are smart enough to put that together, don't you?"

"You think?"

"Oh yeah, totally. Not that she doesn't have good reason?

"Oh?"

"Yes," Mallory smiled, untying her jacket and shrugging it off to reveal her naked body beneath, 

"Because I am going to use all this to fuck your brains out."

The doctor went speechless and just took her in. He did not have a lot of opportunities to just stare at her body fully. Either they were all over each other already or she was fully dressed and he was trying to avoid anyone noticing any indication of lustful desires or intentions for her teen body. Her hair was casually tussled, a sexy, simple look. Her face was clear of makeup with a small ridge of freckles dusting her nose and cheeks. The freckles helped to draw focus to a pair of green eyes that would be eye catching even without her beautiful face surrounding them. Her neck was long and slender and was already blushing with desire. Her breasts were small, high, firm, proud and topped with perfect hard nipples that he could feel his mouth watering for already. Her torso was long and lean with a perfectly flat, sexy stomach. A belly button ring nestled nicely over her navel, something she knew drove him wild. Her legs were mostly encased in her black boots, but he knew them to toned and shapely. She kept her pussy smooth and bald, something Greg hadn't thought he cared all that much about until the first time he saw hers. Even though it was October, her skin was still a little tan from summer and faint tanlines very visible over her breasts and pelvis, reminding him of the bathing suit she wore when this all began... the bikini she wore to suck him off in the shower.

"You done eye fucking me?" she teased, striking a small pose, "I promise the real thing is even better."

"Oh, sorry," he said, a bit embarrassed.

"Mmm, don't be. It makes me hot to see you look at me like that."

"Like what?"

"Like you'd do anything to have me again. Like...like being inside me is your drug of choice."

"Oh, it so is."

"Good. Because I'm so addicted to you too," she giggled, "now get over here and teach your kids' babysitter what happens to naughty girls who walk around in nothing but a trenchcoat and fuck me boots."

Greg smiled but remained rooted behind his desk. 

"Oh, I see," she said, eyes narrowing, "You need a little...persuasion then?"

"It...couldn't hurt," he smarmily suggested. 

She waved her pointer finger in front of her in the universal sign of "bad boy," and then brought it and the middle one to her mouth. She sucked them slow, maintaining eye contact, moaning ever so lightly. Soon they glistened with her saliva. Satisfied with how wet she had gotten them, she parted her legs slightly and slid the finger between the lips of her pussy.

She gasped as she made contact with her clit and shot at him accusatorially, "You're a real bastard, you know that? You call me to come over here, I skip Anthro, put together this outfit, and then you make me get myself off when I get here?"

"Are you objecting?"

"Noooooo," she moaned, "Definitely not. I like that you are treating me like the nasty girl I am."

"Tell me when you're close," he ordered her.

"Oh God. Oh yeah, I will. Uh...uh....uh. Can I—can I sit?"

"No," he denied here, "Just stand and do what you're told."

"Such a bastard. Oh man! Dr. Clark, I must be such a slut to let you treat me like this."

"The sluttiest," he agreed, not taking his eyes off of her. 

Mallory's fingers began to dive deeper inside her, her thumb now in constant contact with her clit. She wavered on her feet and finally awkwardly stumbled into a lean on the bookcase closest to her. Greg did not object, a source of relief and disappointment to her. She half wished that he'd force her to try and maintain her balance while standing with nothing to help her. Now that they had entered the next stage of their affair, the one that let Greg seduce her as well, she found herself increasingly aroused by the idea of him mistreating her—in a sexual sense of play, of course.

Just the thought of what she allowed him to do and say to her pushed her arousal to the next level. She let him know, "Uhhhhhh, Dr. Clark, so close. Gonna cum for you."

He was on her in the flash, grabbing her hand and forcing her to extract it from her burning desire, "Not yet you aren't," he revealed to her.

She could only whimper in frustrated wantonness.

Greg pulled her fingers to his lips and sucked them clean of her juice. He could feel her sway with lust induced dizziness.

"Taste your lust," he demanded of her and kissed her deeply, roughly pushing his tongue in her mouth. In response, she sucked it, drinking of her fluids mixed with his saliva.

"I love the way I taste on your tongue almost as much as I love the way I taste on your cock," she confessed, giggling slightly. She unzipped him with her other hand and grabbed him through his boxer shorts. "Ooo, this one seems pissed about the lack of attention he's receiving," she whispered, letting her head drop onto his shoulder. 

Greg exhaled in a puff of air, every part of his body getting stiffer. Mallory nestled further into the space between his neck and shoulder. She licked and nibbled him there for moment while continuing to rub him in a circular motion, feeling him grow longer and fatter under her ministrations. Eventually, she murmured, "Awaiting further instructions, sir."

"Follow me" he commanded, roughly pulling and pushing her into the small exam room to the left of his office. He walked past her and locked the door to the waiting room.

"You have me trapped," she cooed happily, crawling up on to the examination table.

"That's right. I can do whatever I want to you and no one can help you."

"Ooooooo, you promise, Doc?" she moaned, rolling over and arching her back, thrusting her breasts, topped with perfect hard nipples skyward. She dropped her head over the head on the end of the table and licked her lips.

Greg watched her little show as he began to shed clothes. "God, Mal...the things you make me want to say and do...you are so incredible. You just...wow."

"Mmm," she moaned appreciatively, stretching her arms out towards him, "You are the sweetest talker."

"It's just true."

"Well, thank you. The thing is, though, Doc, I don't want the sweetest talker right now. I want that dirty, nasty, naughty talk." 

He arched his eyebrows and stepped closer to her, "Oh, do you? And why should I give you that?"

"Because I'm the kind of bad girl who walks around all day thinking of ways to fuck this married guy I know," she sighed as she caressed her breasts, pinching and pulling her nipples, "But especially because I'm the kind of filthy slut who goes ahead and does it."

"I see...well what if I told you that you lying like that gives me ideas that a married man my age shouldn't have about a teenager?"

"I'd say," she began, reaching over her head and grabbing the waistband of his boxer briefs and yanking them downward, "you're still overdressed."

"Seems you took care of that, what else would you say?" Greg queried, stepping even closer.

She made a 'I am just a naïve young woman' face and whispered in her best little girl voice, "Use my mouth?"

"You want me to fuck your face?"

She bit her lip and nodded slightly, maintaining her 'What do you mean I am playing with fire right now?' look. "Uh-huh," she said in a soft voice, smacked her lips, and opened her mouth wide.

He grabbed his cock and began to angle it towards her mouth, but paused. Mallory saw a look of concern and doubt spread over his face.

"It's okay," she assured him, breaking beyond the parameters of nasty girl ever so slightly, "I want you to. Do you not want to?"

"No, no. I want to. Desperately," he admitted.

"Then do it. I want it, you want it. Don't worry, you'll hurt me only just as much as I want to be hurt. Trust yourself."

He slid into her mouth with a groan, "I used to be a good man until you."

"Mmmhhmm," she mumbled around his dick in a tone Greg swore was sarcastic.

"God...fuck...you are so damn good at this. Are all girls your age this good at cock sucking?"

Mallory garbled a response that was incomprehensible but she meant as, "Uh-uh. I'm the best."

"Oh, Mal. Uh...your mouth feels fucking great," he babbled, slowly thrusting in and out of her mouth. Mallory initially let the doctor set the pace, but quickly became tired of him so obviously holding back. She wrapped her arms around the legs and began to pull him in, feeding herself his cock deeper and quicker.

"Baby...baby, you don't have to do that," he grunted, trying to be chivalrous.

She only grunted and pushed him faster and harder.

"Oh god...you really are a slut! You love this don't you?"

Mallory only gagged/moaned in response. If she was honest, Greg was probably just a bit too large for her to taking him this way. Her jaw already hurt, he was going a little too deep, and her eyes watered from the effort. She had no interest in being fully honest with him or herself though. He was clearly enjoying it and that, in turn, just turned her on even more.

She lightly dragged her teeth over on the outstroke as she had learned he was the rare guy that occasionally enjoyed that kind of sensation. He gasped and stumbled, slamming both hands on the exam table to stabilize himself. In her mind, she smiled a naughty smile to herself.

"Oh god...I can feel your teeth," he moaned, "uhhhhhhh....naughty, naughty."

Now content that he was gone enough to stop being polite, Mallory let her arms drop the grip she had around his legs and refocus them on herself. She began by teasing herself, lightly dragging her nails up and down her legs then over and across her stomach, tracing expanding circles across her flat tummy. She then returned to her breasts, fondling herself with abandon and writhing in pleasure.

Greg watched with rapt attention before being too turned to stop himself from speaking, "So hot. I love watching you touch yourself."

In her head she smiled again and sucked her employer's cock even more aggressively.

"Oh yeah! Such a natural. I don't understand why we aren't doing this all the fucking time. Sooooooo good."

His babysitter grabbed his hands and placed them on her neck. Greg pulled away like he'd been burned.

"Oh, umm, no," he objected, "I don't...that seems like...not safe."

She grabbed his hands again and guided them towards her throat. She could feel his resistance so she pulled off him and caught his eye. "Please," she quietly beseeched him. "I need this."

She thrust over his rigid, glistening cock again with a satisfied moan. This time he did not resist her guidance. She had never done this and thus had no idea if she did indeed "need" it, but she did want to try it. It was odd to be the (significantly) younger one in the affair and to have to pretend to be more experienced at times. She knew though that he wouldn't try it if he knew neither of them had done it before and thus she might not like it or might be hurt somehow. 

At first, his pressure was so light he could barely feel it. She readjusted his hands and pressed them harder until she could feel it. At first, there was panic. Then, as it passed, she felt exhilarated. It sparked and fulfilled her want of having him dominant her. The feel of him towering over her, using her mouth for his own satisfaction, lightly choking her...it made her feel like his plaything. His dirty, whorish plaything. She moaned loud and shook with lust.

"Does this turn you on?" Greg asked, voice laced with an odd anger, "Does making me do this to you, choke you, treat you like trash, does that fucking get you hot?"

She groaned her assent, dragging her teeth on his dick.

"Fuuuuuuuuuck!" he gasped, "You're such a slut. My little teen slut."

Again, mumbled agreement.

"Do you want to make yourself cum?"

"Yessssssssssss!" her mind screamed, but she only inclined her head slightly to indicate a nod.

"Should I let you? Do you think you deserve it?"

This time, she gave a slight shake of the head. "No," she thought, "I don't deserve it. I'm just a mouth, tits, and a pussy here just for your pleasure. I don't deserve anything but a face full of cum."

She stunned herself with the dirty thoughts running through her head. Stunned and wildly aroused herself. She didn't think she really felt that way about herself, but she had to admit, she did like indulging in the fantasy that she did. For not the first or last time, she found herself marveling over how fucked up human desire really was.

"Mmm," he clucked, voice thick with teasing arousal, "I appreciate your honesty, and agree, but I'm in charge here and I want to see you finger your soaking wet cunt until you cum. So that's what you are going to do right fucking now!"

Mallory groaned loud and low, mouth and throat still taking her married lover's cock deep. Her body quaked with anticipation as she devoted both hands to the task of getting herself off. She curved two fingers on her left hand upward, pushing against her spongy g-spot. Two fingers on her right rapidly rubbed her clit in a tight up and down motion.

"There you—oh, oh—there you go, you naughty girl. Perform for me. Show me how you get yourself off when no one else is around. Show me how nasty you are."

That was all it took for the babysitter to lose control. She gasped, writhed, and, eventually screamed as she came. In screaming, she let the doctor's cock drop out of her mouth. Without a beat, he grabbed her hair and yanked her into a sitting position. "Did I say you could stop blowing me?!" he shouted and at her and slapped her face. A moment later, he realized what he had done.

"Oh shit," he muttered, guilt crushing him.

Mallory tossed her hair over her shoulder and smiled wide. She spoke, sucking in gulps of air, "That...(huff, huff)...was...(huff)...fucking...(huff, huff)...incredible! Oh god! Sooooooooo good." She collapsed backwards onto the table's raised headrest.

Greg could barely comprehend what she said, so lost in his own guilt. "Mallory...I am so, so sorry. I just got so wrapped up in it and...I...so sorry."

"Are you kidding me?" she laugh, "That was perfect. I came again when you slapped me. And when you had your hands on my throat... Oh and told me I don't deserve to cum but ordered me to anyway...Fuck, Doc...you need to let that side out more often."

"So...you liked it?"

"Taste my sin and tell me what you think," she whispered, putting her fingers into his mouth. He swirled his tongue around each digit, cleaning her juices off each finger, savoring the taste of her.

He affirmed, "Sure seems like it."

She kissed him then, long and tender. As she disentangled, she moaned, "I really do love tasting me in your mouth. Mmm...I really taste good, don't I?"

"I'm a fan. Definitely."

She leaned in close, breathing heavy on the side of his face, his neck, his ear, whispering, "Better than your wife?"

"Don't..." he warned.

"Don't what?" she asked, tongue darting across his ear then retracting, "Don't remind you that while your fucking my hungry little mouth, your wife was probably sitting at her desk blissfully unaware? Do you not like when I remind of that?"

"You know how I..." Greg trailed off. In truth, he didn't know what to say.

Mallory snaked her hand down and grabbed his cock, hard and slick with her saliva and leaking pre-cum. She stroked him roughly and announced in a much louder voice, "Because your dick tells me you ABSOLUTELY love when I mention her. When I compare myself to her. When I remind you that I'm such a hot piece you can't help but violate your wedding vows...over and over and over again."

She was right of course. He loved it. Then he hated himself for it. Then he loved that queasy feeling of feeling guilty for cheating on her and feeling good for getting away with something and feeling bad for still loving her and acting this way and feeling vindicated for finally getting what he wanted sexually from a woman who reassured him that not only was his kinks normal, they made her hot.

"Not going to even try to deny it then?" she teased him, snapping him out of his reverie, "My, my, my, Doctor Clark. It seems I am corrupting you."

Greg mumbled something in response.

"What's that, baby? I couldn't hear you."

"I'd much rather you were fucking me," he stated again, louder.

She smiled seductively and licked her lips, "Oh, I can do that, Doc. In fact, I can do both at the same time."

Mallory shoved him down on the table and kissed him deeply before climbing astride him, back to him. Inexorably slowly, she lowered herself downward, taking his hard thick member deep inside her. She rose off him and repeated the process three more times, waiting for him to react. 

Finally, he broke, hissing, "God...you're driving me crazy."

"Mmm, am I Doc? What should I do?"

"Just...just fucking ride me."

"Would you like that?"

"Yes. Please. Fuck me."

"Will you play by the rules?"

Although nervous about what that might mean, Greg was too aroused to employ proper risk-reward evaluation and readily agreed.

"Glad to hear it," she whispered, driving herself fully down on him with a lascivious moan. When he was buried to the hilt inside her, she began to rotate her hips clockwise and milk him by clenching and unclenching her kegels.

"Yesssssssssssss," he responded, grabbing her hips, "How can you be so tight and so wet at the same time."

"That is the mystery that is me. Are you ready to play now?"

"Whatever you want, Mal. Just keep making me feel so good."

"Oh, I will. I'm going to make you feel so good while I ride you. Do you like watching my back, my ass, while I fuck you, Doc."

"God, yes. You look so good. You've got an amazing body. These two dimples in your lower back...uhhhh," he interrupted himself to moan with pleasure, "how I can see your muscles flexing as you bounce up and down on me...just incredible."

"Good, Doc, good. I like to be appreciated. You ready for the rules?"
