 I anxiously look at the clock. It's late in the afternoon and I haven't received my instructions yet. I am nervous. It's Friday and, by now, if he was going to play with me, he would usually have my outfit set out in our playroom. You see, my husband is always free to go with "plan B" if I haven't met with his expectations during the week. He can go to his favorite bar and enjoy the hot young girls in their short skirts, dangerously low cut tops, and fuck-me pumps. If that's the case, he'll have a few beers and then come home and absolutely torture me with details of how many of them hit on him.....or worse.

You see, he's totally hot and, even at nearly 50, these young hot girls fall all over him. It drives me crazy. He is the boss in our sexual relationship and we both know it. This D/s relationship only works in our sex life, but it does work big time. He has me under his spell and I cannot refuse him anything sexually. I am so submissive that if he decides to stay out all night, I welcome him home in the morning, truly grateful and excited to have him back. 

I am very secure in the knowledge that he loves only me and that allows me to enjoy my submissive nature fully. He always lets me know that I'm his baby-girl and the only one he loves. 

I jump when the phone rings. My heart races as I hear his hot sexy voice whisper my "play" name into the phone. He has chosen to role play with me tonight instead of checking out girls at his local hang-out. I am so happy! This morning when he left, he told me he wasn't sure what he was doing this evening; this is all part of his plan to make sure I am totally in suspense, wet and waiting when he gets home! 

"Amanda, this is Mr. P. I thought about what you said last week, about needing money for college and losing your last job. I decided to allow you to clean the house for me. My wife is out of town. I need you to be there at about 7pm. Do you remember the outfit that I bought for you last time you cleaned my house, Amanda? That short slutty skirt with the lacy black bra? Wear that."

"Yes, sir. I have it. I still have the key you gave me, too. I would be so grateful for the opportunity. I really need the money. Thank you so much, Mr. P!" I practically cried.

"You know what to do. I should be home around 9pm because I have a late meeting. Can you handle things until then?" he asked.

"Of course I understand sir. I will do as you wish."

His sexy reply is whispered into the phone, "Don't disappoint me, Amanda!"

Before I have a chance to assure him that he won't be disappointed, he hangs up the phone. I love being submissive and dressing like the slut that I really am underneath my professional exterior. It works well for us! We have no script and it is different each time, but we have several scenarios that we use. This is a favorite. Wife out of town and slutty or sometimes innocent babysitter, nanny or housekeeper plays with him. 

My joy knew no bounds because, before the phone rang, I was fairly certain he was going to go play with a strange slut tonight. I do so love waiting at home and wondering who she is and what she looks like, as it gets my pussy tingling. But, in all honesty, the fact that he chose to be with me instead of one of the tons of women who are always ready for him gets me so hot! 

I had so much to do and I was very excited so I needed to be careful not to mess up. He expected me to prepare for his arrival and his instructions were very important. We would both have a better time if I did things right. I got into character right away. I became Amanda, the 19 year old college student who was desperate for money and would do anything her boss asked. That is who he wanted in his bed tonight and that is who he would find waiting. If not, lots of little sluts will be waiting to make my man happy next week (or even later tonight) and he knows where they are! 

I had to become Amanda quickly if I wanted to make him happy for the night. He had something very specific in mind and I would make it happen! I primped and pampered myself, as I turned into the teen slut Amanda. I washed my body with expensive French milled soap and used his favorite lotion. I sprayed some perfume named after a sunflower on myself because it has such a youthful scent and I went a bit heavy on the makeup. 

I got out my working outfit, which consisted of a very short mini skirt, silk thigh high stockings, high heels, and a white panties with a white silk demi-bra with French lace. Over that, I added a very low cut, tight fitting white top that buttons up in front. I have 36 D's and decided not to button up very much.

When I looked in the mirror, I saw my breasts pushing out over the top of the bra. I was sure I was going to get a huge tip from the boss tonight. Upon further inspection, I noticed that my long dark hair was loose and wavy, just the way Mr. P liked it! This slutty outfit worked well with my curves and my rounded bottom stuck out just enough to be noticed. I knew this was a look that made men wild, particulary the one I wanted to impress tonight. I smiled at my efforts as I put on the music and lit the candles.

The thought of what the night would bring excited me so much. I loved my job! Mr. P was usually so nice to me and he was way HOT. Let me briefly describe this hottie for you: he is 6'2" tall, with sandy blond hair and just a hint of grey at the temples. Women fall all over him constantly, but honestly, I think that has more to do with his huge biceps than his handsome face! 

I started to clean the bedroom. It already looked clean to me so there wasn't much to do. The sheets had been freshly laundered, so I lightly dusted the furniture. As I took out the vacuum, I realized that my little panties were already soaking wet. I put my hand inside my panties to check out just how wet and realized that I was extremely turned on by the thought of being in Mr. P's bedroom. 

I decided to sit on his side of the bed for a minute and I hit the radio on the nightstand. It was set to a station playing "old people" music, so I changed it and started rocking out to MY type of music (alternative rock is my thing!). I knew which side was his because I had worked there before. Mrs. P's side was the one with the novels, pretty brush and lotion on the nightstand. 

Oh, wait. What is this I see inside her partially opened drawer? It looks like a vibrator. Should I? No, I couldn't. I put it back, and then immediately take it out again. I knew I had at least another hour before my boss arrived home. As I turned this powerful little machine on, I sank back into the comfy pillows and rubbed the vibrating rabbit on the outside of my panties with my skirt slightly lifted. 

I did not hear the door open. I was really into the feel of the vibrator on my clit. The pressure of the silk from my panties rubbing on my pussy lips felt so erotic. I had a small orgasm right away and felt my hips rise to meet the waves as they crashed over me.

Suddenly, I felt someone watching me and opened my eyes. Mr. P was standing there with his eyes glued to my hand motions and his shaft obviously at attention.

"Amanda! Is this how seriously you take your job?" he asked in a very stern voice. I felt myself shaking all over now and not just from the aftermath of the orgasm. Tears welled up in my eyes.

"Amanda, what am I going to do with you? You are such a naughty little girl," he said in a mean and scary voice.

"Please don't fire me. I am so sorry. I really need this job. I will do anything you say. I am embarrassed that you found me like this. You probably think I am a little slut now. Please don't tell my daddy. Please, Mr. P!" I begged through my tears. I was now shaking and crying pretty hard.

The problem was that my dad and Mr. P were good friends. They golfed together and even worked together on some jobs. It was not a good idea to have daddy think I was a bad girl. He could ground me or punish me for this for a long time! 

"You'll do anything, Amanda?"

"Anything you say, Mr. P", I whimpered. "I know this is bad and I deserve to be punished for it. I'm so sorry I was playing with my pussy on your bed!"

"Well, your dad would be very upset to know his little girl is a slut, but I think I have to tell him."

"Mr. P, couldn't we just handle this between us? I am 19 now and almost an adult. I will clean the house for free. Ok?" I begged.

It appeared that a light bulb went off in his head. "You may be in real trouble now, you naughty little slut. Get up!" he nearly shouted. I stood up and tried to pull my short skirt over the tops of my stockings. He looked me up and down. I knew I looked like a whore and it was making his enormous cock rock hard!

He was now standing really close to me and I felt his warm breath on my neck. "I have an idea. I think I can help you. What you need is discipline, Amanda. You're just a bad little girl. That is why you lost your last job. Look at the way you dress. You dress like a slut and you are so horny," he said as he slid his hands into my panties. 

He drew in a sharp breath as he felt how wet I was. His dick was throbbing against my leg and I knew it was going to have to be taken care of soon. 

"Those panties are dripping wet. You are a little slut and you definitely need some discipline. I can help you, Amanda, but you have to trust me totally" he continued, all the while stroking my legs and my pussy lips. He knew he was exciting me more and more. Obviously this was having the same effect on him. He was so huge I could see his cock sticking out through the thin pants of his expensive Brooks Bros. business suit. 

"What are you doing? You are married and you should not be touching me like this. This is not good. You have a wife and she'll be coming home soon. Please stop. Please!" my plea was weak and my ragged breathing belied my conviction that we should stop. 

"Don't you worry about my wife; she won't be home for two weeks. But, this is not what you think. I am going to discipline you, Amanda. Make sure you are a good girl and help you to stop being a slut. You need help and I can help you. You are not being taught properly, obviously, and you need me," he explained. 

"How can you help me?" I asked in a shaking voice, very fearful of the answer. "If you really need this job and don't want me to tell your dad, you have to trust me," he said. 

He pulled down my panties, explaining that he had to do this because all bad little girls needed to be spanked sometimes. A firm hand, according to him, was what helped girls learn to behave. 

He unzipped his pants and pushed them down, revealing a very hard and aroused manhood. Now it was my turn to have my breath taken away. His shaft was long, thick, and very hard. 

Suddenly I was frightened and wanted to run from the room. I had never been with a man and didn't want that huge cock to hurt me. Sure, I played like I had sex all the time, but I had never been fucked by a man. I'd given a few blowjobs in the backseat of cars, but that was as far as I was willing to go. I will admit that I LOVE sucking cock, though! And this one was something special ~ very wide, hard, and throbbing! 

This man didn't look anything like the boys I was used to dealing with at school. He was a real man and that turned me on like nothing ever had! I wanted him badly, but felt terribly scared at the same time.

He was scaring me, but I could not risk him telling daddy. I didn't care about losing the job anymore, just the shame associated with my daddy finding out about his slut daughter. Playing with my pussy was bad enough, but in a stranger's bed - that was really bad. I guess I had no choice but to allow him to spank me. I still don't know why he needed to take his pants off, but I was afraid to ask. I was in BIG trouble already.

He knew he had me when he saw the look in my eyes. He smiled at me and said that I might actually wind up liking it - that sometimes slutty girls liked being spanked! So, he sat down on the edge of his king size bed, pushed my panties down to my ankles and roughly pulled me over his lap. He moved me around until he was sure that my pussy was lined up over his huge, bulging cock. 

I felt him rubbing my ass cheeks and looked up see him wiping the sweat off his brow. He was so excited. He told me that he would be gentle because it was my first time, but he nearly lost it when he felt my pussy lips grinding into his lap. I truly loved this and I knew I shouldn't! He started to stroke my long dark hair, which hung in curly layers nearly to the floor. He wasn't in a big rush to start spanking me, I thought.

Then the first slap came down and I tensed my entire body. The second was harder and much worse. His hands were so big and he was such a strong man. I tried not to cry. It was strange because the sensations in my pussy were so strong and it felt so good that I wanted to explode in another orgasm....yet it hurt, too. He spanked me with a strength I didn't realize he possessed. He was relentless and did not stop. Not until the first orgasm hit. Then he stopped, slipped two fingers into my pussy as it contracted out of control, and chuckled to himself. He mumbled something that sounded like, "That's what I thought!" 

He quickly flipped me onto my back and began to lick my pussy lips greedily. He sucked my clit and licked all of the juices that had gushed out during my spanking. I came again as he used his skilled tongue on my throbbing pussy and it felt good. The more I came, the better it felt. Oh, I was so hooked on this man and what he could do for me! No boy had ever licked my pussy or dared to spank my ass. 

He said that I needed some "grooming" and he got up and walked into the bathroom adjoining their bedroom. He came back with a bowl of water, shaving foam, a razor and some towels. He roughly pushed me down on his huge bed and told me that he liked his women to have bare pussies. He shoved a pillow underneath my hips and then put a towel down under me. 

His woman! I marveled at his words and my heart soared. This hot older man was calling me "his" woman.

It took me a moment to remember that I was terrified. He was going to use that sharp razor on me?? When he put the shaving cream on my pussy, I felt a tingling unlike anything I'd ever felt before. He gently rubbed my lips with the foam to make sure they were covered entirely. I saw his huge cock growing even larger at the sight of me spread out on his bed, helpless and horny. The feeling was indescribable as he touched my pussy-lips with the sharp razor. Talk about erotic! This was hotter than anything I'd ever dreamed of before. It was so much fun being controlled and taken by this older, sexy man. 

I kept trying to remember that this was a punishment. I knew he wanted me wet, but also frightened. That was part of his game. And it was working! After he finished shaving me,he washed my pussy lips of all the foam using a new bowl of warm water. I felt more relaxed and comfortable, not to mention horny, that I ever had before!

Next, I felt him push his huge cock into my mouth and say, "Suck that, you little slut. You know you like it. Suck it good and hard. That's right. Yes! Harder! Take it deeper into your mouth. I want you to take it all the way down your throat, you dirty little girl. Oh, baby, you suck my cock so well! Yes! I want you to make it nice and wet because your pussy is very tight. I want you to feel good when I fuck you. As he finger-fucked me, he said, "You are so wet, but you are a really tight little slut. How many boys have you fucked?"

As he pulled his cock out of my hungry mouth and began to kiss my lips, I was afraid to tell him that he would be the first that I let inside. I thought about lying, but decided to tell the truth. "You will be my first. I have never had a man inside me before."

He was now lying next to me on the bed and the tip of his cock was poised at the entrance to my newly bare pussy lips. The look on his face was unbelievable when I disclosed that I was a virgin. In shock, he put his head on my shoulder. The huge head of his cock was already positioned at the tip of my wet, bare, hungry pussy lips. He looked thoughtful for a moment, and then asked me if I was sure I wanted this.

After I begged him to take me, he tried to get his cock head inside my moist lips. Huge, electric jolts of excitment ran through my body each time. I put my hand down between our legs and opened up my cunt lips further, guiding him to me and pushing my hips up very hard. He pushed down and we met. I looked up at him and kissed him as he opened me up. When the searing pain tore through me, he kissed away my tears. He told me it would feel better in a few seconds and he was right. It felt wonderful!!  I was soaring on air as orgasm after orgasm hit me. He was amazing. We fit together like a strange human puzzle. He was so big and I was so tiny, but we worked it out. He was gentle, yet insistent. He probed and guided and I was willing. He pulled all the way out and reentered me many times, teasing me. He made me beg him to come back in. Finally, the muscles in my pussy grasped his huge cock so tightly that I forced him to cum inside my tight, wet pussy. He had no intention of cumming in me, but that is what happened and I was very happy!

After his strong, violent orgasm, he grabbed my head and pushed it down toward his still stiff dick. He said, "Amanda, naughty girls always clean up their mess! Lick up every drop of cum from my hard dick and don't miss a spot. You must always clean up after yourself, especially when you get my dick messy with your dripping orgasms. That's a rule you will follow whenever I decide to fuck you. I will fuck you whenever and however I want. I have no problem taking you over my knees again, you slut. I am definitely not done with you yet! Do you understand the new rules you are going to live by, my pretty little slut?" 

I moaned, "Yes, sir!" and drifted off to a blissful sleep. Just as I drifted off, a nagging thought was beginning to surface in my mind. Oh, no! He came inside me without a condom! Would I get pregnant from this experience?

In the morning, as I got up to make coffee, I realized how hot the role-play was last night. I wanted it to continue. I ran into the downstairs powder room and put my hair up in pigtails and then went into the bedroom with a steaming mug of coffee for my "boss". It was just the beginning of Amanda's submission to her boss. I doubt that she'll ever really learn her lesson!

"Mr. P, can we play some more??" asked Amanda, in her sweet little voice. Was that coffee spilled on the white comforter an accident?