 I met her the first time when I came in for my preliminary interview with the recruiting firm. Her name was Irene. She had short blond hair which she wore close to her head and a firm figure – not to big anywhere but proportionately a beautiful package. Nice to look at, and judging from the pictures of who must be her husband all over her office, unapproachable socially. The thing I was struck by was the absolute sensual overload I got from looking at her. And she appeared to flush briefly when we shook hands. I cannot remember a woman affecting me that way since I saw my first naked women in high school. Me - I'm recently divorced and recently relocated to get away from all the community gossip. I am about 6'2" and 200 pounds and I work out pretty regular so there isn't much extra fat around. 

As much as I would have liked otherwise, my first physical contact with her was very innocent. It happened during that first interview. We were in the middle of a question when all of a sudden she started wincing in pain. "You OK?" I asked.

"I have a cramp in my foot and it really hurts" she cried.

"Give me your foot!" I suggested.

"What" she answered giving me this shocked look.

"I said give me your foot. I know how to get rid of that cramp." I stepped around her desk and got down on my knee. Reluctantly she lifted her leg just enough for me to grab her foot. I immediately removed her shoe and pressed on the nerve pressure point just about the middle of her instep. 

"This will hurt at first, but by the time you count to ten, you will feel a lot better" I explained. She didn't look convinced as she continued to wince from the pain.

She toughed it out for the first ten seconds and, sure enough, the pain went away. As it did I couldn't help but notice her legs. Her skirt was a full length button up the front type and was open about halfway up her leg. The lifting of her leg had forced the skirt apart and gave me a pretty good view of a nice trim leg and thigh. The skirt was riding up her leg. She made no attempt to change that and she had this light blush as she caught me looking at her glorious thighs.

"You're amazing. That was so great. How I can I thank you" she said looking at me pleasingly and pulling her leg away.

"Find me a job – as a consultant or permanent" was my answer.

"Let's see what we can do. I should be back to you in a couple of days."

That was it and I was dismissed quickly – way too quickly. I was curious as to why she had seemed flushed during the whole time. I considered the heat of the enclosed room, or worse for a young woman, hot flashes. Whatever, it was her husbands problem. 

The next day I got a call from Irene saying that I should come in for an interview with a client. She wanted to prep me for it beforehand so she suggested that I come about 30 minutes early. On the appointed day, I arrived and was ushered into her office by this young stunning blond. 

"I don't want to accept any calls while I get the candidate prepped for his interview." She said. The blond closed her door as she left. Irene was wearing a white semi-sheer button-down blouse and a tight blue skirt. We chatted for a while. She showed her annoyance when the telephone interrupted us. After she hung up she told me that the interview was going to start a little later. So we chatted a little more about my personal preferences and stuff like that. All business. 

"Can I ask you a favor?" she asked out of the blue.

"Sure anything" I answered.

"I was really impressed with your foot thing. I could use your magic hands again. I have this knot in my neck and it's really beginning to hurt. I'm getting a pretty bad headache. Could you do something with it, please?"

I stood and walked around her desk. She turned her chair with her back to me. There were those legs again. The hem of her skirt was about halfway up her thighs. She didn't cover up and she was bare legged. Clearly she knew her well tanned legs were great and she liked to show them off. I wasn't going to complain. I told her to lean all the way back in her chair as I sat down on the edge of her desk.

"Open the top two buttons of your blouse so I can get at your neck and shoulder. Doing it through the shirt won't work" I said.

She bent her head all the way back looking up at me upside down. She must have decided it was OK as she unbuttoned her blouse – three buttons – showing a good bit of healthy cleavage. I pulled the neckline back and away from her and started at the base of her neck slowly kneading her muscles. The view of her cleavage was a little distracting but I tried to stay focused. She moaned – from either the pleasure of it or the pain. 

"This will hurt at first, but by the time you count to ten, you will feel a lot better" I explained. She giggled: "Get another line!" 

"Why should I if it works. You doing OK? I'm not hurting you, am I?"

"A little, but I don't care. It feels so good it must be illegal. Please don't say anything, just do your magic." She moaned and sighed from time to time as I worked her shoulder.

She whispered "Ohhhhh my god that feels good."

As I worked her muscles and the relieved the knot at the base of her neck I could feel the texture of her skin. It was so smooth that I was sprouting the beginnings of a hard on from the tactile sense of touching her warmth. In the meantime she had slid down a little further from my efforts and her skirt was almost all the way up to her crotch. The skin of her thighs was silky, toned and tanned. Just gorgeous. Now I had a real problem between my legs.

Somewhere an alarm went off in her head and she sat up and rebuttoned her blouse. I carefully slid back to my chair hoping that she hadn't noticed my excited state. Fortunately the desk hid it from her.

"I think we might have crossed a line there – don't you?" she asked.

"I was only trying to help my favorite recruiter so she could find me a good job" I responded. "After all she has a big meeting for me soon!"

She laughed, pulled her skirt into place and rolled under her desk. "Well, OK then." The telephone rang a moment later and the interview commenced. I didn't get the job.

Three days later she called again. "I know this is a little presumptuous, but I am having a problem with a testy client, I think it's because I am a women, and I could use some help in closing this placement. I immediately thought of your calming attitude and, if you are willing, I could sure use the help. I will pay you for the time if you can help out or even share the commission."

"Tell me where and when. I am happy to help. Just give me time to hear from you what has happened up to now!"

"Oh thank you, very much, for being a good sport. Its Friday at 2:30 so meet me here at 1:30 and I'll brief you."

"See you then" I answered and hung up.

We met on Friday and went off to the meeting. She was right, the guy was an idiot but I managed to convince him that he was really not seeing the bigger picture, that the candidate could bring a lot to the table, and that kind of an opportunity doesn't come along too often. We closed the deal 2 hours later complete with a deposit.

"I don't want to go back to the office – it's too late. Can I take you to dinner as a thank you? I feel like celebrating." She sounded like she wanted some company.

"Don't you have to get home to someone?" I asked a little too obvious.

"Oh not this week, he is in Boston at a conference. Truth is I could use a friend right now, things aren't going so well." She stopped and looked at me apparently trying to think something through. I could see her fighting back tears. 

"I don't really know why I pouring this out to you, but somehow you have made me very comfortable. It must be your hands. This is soooo unprofessional but I really don't have anyone to talk to. My best girlfriend is the problem so I can't even go to her."

I was shocked at her admission. "Let me listen, if nothing else" I said and ordered a bottle of wine. "We can just sit here and talk, cry, complain or whatever. OK?"

"How come you're so nice?" she asked

"Because I don't like my dark side – I spent too much time with it early in my life. It hasn't been out since I got my divorce, and I really enjoy being happy. So why not share it?" Her smile lit up her face.

"Nice answer."

We had a couple of glasses and I ordered another bottle. We decided to order some food because she was really feeling the alcohol. She admitted she had not had the chance for lunch and all she had for breakfast was coffee. The drunker she got, the more she told me. I am too much of a gentleman to tell you what she shared but suffice it to say that she knows her husband is screwing his sales manager and her best girlfriend and she was emotionally broken from his cheating. She wanted some kind of retribution and wasn't sure what that revenge would look like.

The more we talked the closer she got to me. She was beginning to accent her conversation by touching me – my arm, my hand, my shoulder. I could also feel the warmth of her leg against mine. I was going to have a problem keeping my distance from this very vulnerable and sexy woman. I was so attracted to her but I was trying to be a friend. She sure needed it right now.

"What do you have in mind for your revenge?" I asked, sort of innocently trying to get her to let it out.

"I can't believe I am going to be this forward and admitting this to you, but, I was thinking I would play a little as well. You know, what's good for the goose...." As she was telling me this she turned to face me and put her hand on my arm. She was looking deep into my eyes and I was looking back. There was this long period of time when all we did was stare at each other. I flinched first.

"You sure know how to get a guy's attention" I said. "But I think it's the wine talking right now. And I know you are hurting. I really am a nice guy, so please don't make it hard for me. You are a very desirable women."

"It hasn't been the wine for the last week – ever since I met you the first time." She replyed "I know its sounds crazy, and I may be a little lit so I am a little too uninhibited, but I have been dreaming about you – and not in a way I could tell anyone – not even you!"

"Irene, where is this going and are you sure you want to?" I was really drawn to this woman and apparently so was she to me. But I am not one to take advantage of vulnerable people. I like it to be acceptably voluntary before and after.

She started stroking my arm and I felt her foot on my leg. "No, I am not sure," she admitted. "but I think I can be me with you – I feel comfortable. I don't know why, but I know I can trust you. Who else to share my new found freedom with than a new friend who I am sure can be discrete? Besides, if you are half as good in bed as you are in the boardroom, I know we will play well together."

"Irene, you're married. I need to understand what you're thinking!"

"So is he. If it doesn't concern me why should it concern you. I feel no guilt about what I am thinking and I am pretty sure I won't feel guilty later either. So, if you feel what I feel and indeed there is something going on between us, then tell me. If not, we can just be good friends who can lean on each other – no foul. I know I would do that for you and you have already done that for me."

I looked at her for a long time staring into those eyes. She was stroking my arm and leaning into me. "To be honest, I have never been attracted to a women more in my life. But life is about choices. If I make this one and its turns bad, we both will be sorry." I put my hand on her thigh and stroked it softly up to her skirt's hem. I heard this very soft moan and then a very quiet hiss.

"If you don't want to help me in my revenge, stop doing what you are doing. It is making me think very bad things and coming to lots of conclusions. Please don't let me make a fool of myself. I find you very desirable and have from the start."

I didn't stop. I pushed my hand higher on her thigh and over the top of her stocking. She moaned louder and shuttled closer to me. I felt her other hand on my thigh searching under the table for my cock. She found it and began a slow and methodical stroke of it through my pants. I moved my hand all the way up her leg. She parted her legs to give me easier access. When I reached her panties they were soaking wet. Her eyes were partially closed and she was humming.

"My, my, what have we here?"

"If you don't take me somewhere and do something soon I will feint from desire." She looked at me. "I hope you don't believe this is a just the wine."

I looked around the restaurant. It was too early for the dinner crowd and after work drink before going home group. "I'm going to the men's room. Don't you have to go too?"

Before she got the opportunity to answer I excused myself and headed for the rest rooms in the back of the restaurant. As I got to the access hallway, I turned to see what she was doing. She was navigating her way through the other side of the restaurant to get to the rest rooms as well. I waited in the hall behind the privacy screen for her. When she came around the corner I grabbed her arm and pulled her to me. Her arms went around my neck and she pulled my head toward her. We kissed, passionately and hungrily. She was on fire. She parted her lips and I thrust my tongue as far into her as possible. Our tongues were fighting each other with the passion we both had. She groaned and leaned her body into me pressing me into the wall. I was stroking her sides and her ass and ran my hands over her breasts very slowly. 

"Please....please – do something - soooooon." She pleaded in between kisses.

I pulled her into the men's room, turned around and locked the door. I pushed her up against the wall I grabbed her hands and held them together with one hand pressing them over her head and against the wall. With the other I unbuttoned her blouse slowly – painfully slowly for her by her reaction. I pulled the tails out from her skirt and the blouse fell open. She was wearing a demi-bra and I could see her distended nipples peaking out above the cup. I noticed it had a front clip which I expertly undid with my free hand. Her tits were more beautiful than I could have imagined. I squeezed them and played with her nipples which she responded with sighs and moans. I started kissing her neck, then her shoulder and licked her all the way to her nipple. She was breathing faster and thrusting her pelvis into my now very hard dick. 

I grabbed her nipple in my teeth and gently bit and sucked on it. She was already aroused and she was getting ready for something major to happen now. Panting and whispering "please" over and over again she pulled one hand free and went right for my cock. I let her other one go and she started opening my belt and then my pants. When she pulled down the zipper they fell to the floor. She reached into my shorts and grabbed me.

"Oh god it feels wonderful. My I see it – kiss it – suck on it - I need to swallow it now."

Not waiting for an answer she dropped to her knees pulling my shorts with her. My dick sprung out right at her mouth level and she went right at it taking me all the way into her throat in one pull. I'm not huge. I'm about 8 inches long and 3 around but she didn't care. She was slurping and sucking and swallowing and stroking and humming all at the same time and I was going to go off way too soon. 

"Please" she said "I know you are ready to cum, cum in my mouth. Please! Please I need you to do that for me."

I couldn't hold it back. She was squeezing my balls and sucking away like a vacuum cleaner. When I came, she pulled me all the way down her throat and swallowed everything I gave her. She kept right on sucking and throating me until I was completely drained.

She released my cock and licked it clean. Looking up at me, her tits sticking between the open folds of her shirt, she smiled. As she stood I could see she had released the buttons and her zipper on her skirt and it fell away to the floor. There she stood, open bra and blouse, thigh high stockings and a thing – a very wet thong. She started to stroke me slowly and lovingly. "Its so beautiful to see. I have been dreaming about it. Now put it where I need it!"

She turned around and bent over the counter sliding her thong to her ankles in one motion. She reached behind and spread her cheeks. The sight was enough to wake the dead. I immediately went hard – harder then before. She was so hot she was leaking and I was rock hard.

"In my ass!" was all she said. It wasn't a request.

I moved up closer. She grabbed me and positioned my now very hard dick at her anus and pushed back. I was still a little slick from her ministrations and I popped right through her tight opening. I slowly began to push in – pulling out a little with each thrust inward like a seesaw. She was doing all she could do to get it all in. Finally, with one final push I buried my dick all the way. She grunted from the advance and pushed back her pelvis as hard as she could. Then I pulled almost all the way out again, and then all the way in, slowly with long strokes, I fucked her ass torturing her with the pleasure of it. She was going crazy with lust. She was moaning in between her grunts from every time I hit bottom. My balls were slapping against her pussy. I reached under and started stroking her clit and sliding my fingers along her slit. She was soaking wet. Her juices were flowing down her legs. I managed to slide two fingers in while I worked her clit and my dick was moving in and out of her ass. She went nuts – groaning and grunting as I fucked both her holes. 

I felt her getting close. The walls of her pussy were pulsing and the heat in there was intense. I started to piston her ass and plunge my fingers in and out in the same rhythm. She held her breath and let go a tremendous orgasm. The juices poured out of her pussy all over my hand and down her leg. It had to be a gallon – she must have been storing it up for some time. I couldn't manage to stay in control and pumped another load of cum up her ass. She came again and then again as her tunnel gripped and regripped my dick and my fingers continued to play with her pussy. She unloaded another gallon of juice. Fucking amazing. She was so hot her legs were getting weak and she asked that we stop so she didn't fall on the floor. I turned her around and lifted her up and on the counter. I stepped between her legs and pulled them up over my shoulders exposing her pussy and her gaping ass. Without so much as a warning, I buried my still hard dick all the way into her ass. I thought she was going to feint. I started pumping furiously. It didn't take long for her to catch up. She wrapped her arms around my head and stuck her tongue through my open lips and down my throat. She was going way over the edge and fast. I just kept punishing her ass as hard as I could. When I finally came again she had cum at least four more times.

"I can't do it anymore" she said with this very satisfied look. "I am totally fucked. You are just incredible. Lets go somewhere and play some more!" I knew she was serious and I was going to need a little rest anyway before I could go again.

We cleaned up as best as possible, she combed her hair and freshened up her makeup as I unlocked the door. Nobody had even noticed as we walked out, paid the bill and headed for my apartment. We played all night and all day Saturday stopping only for food and an occasional shower. It was the most amazing sex I have ever had. We were relentless in our pursuit of pleasure. My apartment smelled form the sex and my bed looked like a hurricane had come through. We fucked everywhere and anywhere trying new positions and new combinations. Finally we were so tired we fell asleep in each other's arms. Very early Sunday she awakened me with an incredible blow job. We took another shower together and she told me she was so sore she needed a week to recover. She pleaded with me to let her go home.
