 "Number 210, number 210," I muttered to myself as I strode down the tiled hallway.

The click-clack of my heels on the floor was the only noise in the dead of night, save for the subtle thrum of the hall lights and the muffled moaning emanating from behind closed doors. Soon, I found room 210 and as I raised my hand to knock, the door swung open and a deep voice rumbled, "Come in."

Shoving the slip of paper with the room number on it deep into the cleft of my bosom, I adjusted the half-slip under my dress and walked into the darkened room.

"Sit on the bed," the voice commanded.

I sat on the small double bed and looked around the room. As far as I could see in the gloominess of the room, it was shabby but clean, much like the rest of the motel I'd been instructed to come to. No matter where I looked, I couldn't see the source of the deep voice.

Then, a shadow moved out of the bathroom door, startling me. I turned on the bedside light just as he moved next to the bed.

He was tall and broad, wearing a crisp navy suit and a red mask, covering the top half of his face. His jaw was strong, the beginnings of a beard shadowing his neck. Silently, he moved towards me.

"Lie down."

I lowered myself onto the green coverlet as he knelt down beside the bed. His hand reached out and stroked my belly through my black silk dress. Slowly, his hand moved further down my abdomen. When he reached the space between my legs, he simply skimmed over it and began massaging my thighs. Pushing my dress up over my hips, he then unbuckled my lace garter and rolled down my fishnet stockings, peppering kisses on my thighs as he went.

"Wait," I said.

"Hmmm," he hummed around my flesh.

"I'm going to need the money now."

"Of course," he said, releasing my ankles and walking back into the bathroom. He emerged with a stack of crisp bills in his hand.

"One, two, three, four, five, six," he counted out, showing me the bills as he went.

I nodded and he slipped the stack into an envelope on the table. Returning to my thighs, he nuzzled his head in the crook of my knee. I reached down and stroked his thick, black hair. He kissed his way back up my leg and my stomach, pulling my dress over my head. He then slipped off the half-slip and removed my stockings from my ankles. I could feel myself moisten as his hands ran up my belly. My head span as he leisurely stroked, back and forth, back and forth.

Panting with need, I lay on the bed while he tossed the clothes to the side of the room and began untying his long silk tie. Torturously slowly, he began to unbutton his shirt. His fingers fumbled as he undid first one, then two buttons. The third button had me keening. By the time he got to the fourth button, I was moaning. 

I sat up and grabbed his collar, pulling him in for a deep, wet, hot kiss. In an instant, he went from gentle and languorous to forceful and demanding. I whimpered as he roughly pushed me down into the mattress with a feral growl. His teeth bit my shoulder, just where neck meets collarbone, as his hands roamed desperately all over my near-nude body.

He grabbed my lace panties and ripped them off of my hips, as if they were a sheet of tissue paper, wresting forth another cry from my lips. His untamed need was something I'd never encountered before. My pussy pulsed with the first discovery such unfiltered passion. I'd never experienced such a raw, primal, need before and was swept up in the storm.

Ignoring my bra, he grabbed me by the waist and flipped me over as if I were nothing more than a pancake on his griddle. I heard him fumbling with the button on his pants and the slow click of his zipper going down. The next thing I knew, the head of his cock was at my pussy. I groaned in surprise and pleasure as he pushed into me. He wasted no time and immediately began pounding me, hard. My whole body shook as he continued his brutal assault on my cunt.

The headboard thumping against the wall, I screamed as another wave of pleasure crashed over my body and my legs went weak. He grabbed my hips and ground his hips into the soft curves of my ass. I grabbed a pillow and clawed at it as I came, my inner walls quaking wildly with my orgasm.

I felt tired, completely drained as he fucked me harder. With a roar, the deep powerful roar of the conqueror, he spilled into me. He went completely silent as his hips jerked once, twice, three times, and then stilled. I grunted as his full weight fell onto me. He rolled off me and fell asleep instantly.

I dragged myself out of the bed and pulled my discarded dress over my head. Finding my panties torn and completely useless, I threw them in the trashcan by the bed. I picked the envelope of money off of the table, counted it once more, and left. 

The subway took me as far as the corner of my street. I stood on the sidewalk and saw how far it was to my building. I finally forced myself to put one foot in front of the other and made it all the way up to my apartment. In a zombie-like trance, I unlocked the door, fell through the living room, and collapsed on the bed. I was asleep the moment my head hit the pillow, without even taking off my shoes.

I was awakened a few hours later by the sound of the door being unlocked. I jumped up and shoved the envelope full of money under the bed.

"Hi, honey," I called out.

"How was your day," Jacob called from the living room.

"Boring," I said, my heart racing as I walked into the living room.

He was sitting on the sofa, leafing through a magazine. I gingerly sat down beside him, careful of my aching muscles.

"Boring, huh," he said, not looking up from his magazine, "Mine wasn't very interesting either."

With a snap, he shut the magazine and stood.

"I'm going to take a shower," he said before he leaned down and kissed my cheek.

As I gazed fondly at his departing back, I caught a glimpse of red fabric poking out of his suit pocket and I smiled.