 We had meet, like many others on line, we had chatted and developed a mutual understanding of each other.

She was aware I was married, I had never hidden that, I was aware she was involved with a gent. She worked a couple of days a week filling in at a legal office.

So, how did we actually meet?

She wrote a story for Literotica. I sent a nice reply to the author and she sent a nice reply back thanking me for my kind comments.

I won't tell you the story, as I don't wish to share her with you. Yep I'm selfish. Sorry!

We had been chatting for about two months, and yes during the chats, the topic of sex, likes and dislikes had come up, I knew she was younger than me, was shaved clean, and liked to wear sexy clothes and play with herself on her sofa whilst planning her next story.

She knew I worked away from home, overseas and visited Literotica to amuse myself, that I had a shaved cock and balls, and wore boxer shorts under my overalls at work. She knew I liked sexy lingerie on ladies, in particular G strings or thongs.

The talk at times had gotten very hot, enough to produce a pre cum spot on the overalls, and she was stating she was leaving spots on her sofa, and office chair.

She was telling me more about herself and a new guy in her life, and that they were going on a date soon, and that he would be picking her up from her apartment. She was adventurous and I had an idea, being that she was sport and fitness minded and had joked that when she got home from walks that she had to peel her thong off, it was always sooooo wet.

Time to Play

I suggested that she workout knowing he was coming around, then leave the wet G on the floor of the bathroom as if it had missed the laundry basket, then some time during the night he would more then likely visit the bathroom and find the G on the floor.

What would he do? We all know, he is going to pick it up, feel it, hold it, smell it, remembering they had not been together sexually yet, this would be his most intimate contact with her, without her knowing. Apparently! 

It worked. He visited the bathroom, and then returned, face flustered, and stating he had to get out for a walk, and left. She was very confused and got on to chat to update me.

She was excited, our plan had come together she was curious, what do you think he did with them she asked. My answer was easy, he felt them, and smelt them and then returned them to the inside of the laundry basket, a give away when she checked after he left.

After this discussion I wanted what he had seen and felt. I wanted her Red G also, I asked, would she send me a Red G after her walk. 

I can do better then that, I will wear them all day, walk and exercise and then tease my shaved full pussy lips and try and get them as wet as possible.

It's a deal, we worked out the delivery, send it to a mate in Perth who would bring it to the rig.

I returned to the rig, emailed her I was back and to "make the G wet" the reply came day later.

Her side of the G

I shaved this morning in the shower, so smooth, then I played a little, this was a little naughty, maybe a little dirty. Who sends underwear to unseen friends?

I slipped the Red G on, feeling it against my skin, applying lotion to my body, lingering on my nipples, making them hard, making me wetter.

The shorts hugged and pulled the G against the smooth lips. Walking around I was aware that they were for a special reason and during the day I'd slide my hand and feel the wetness, in the crutch.

Relaxing on the sofa, I unzipped shorts, thinking of long warm days and a hot lover, sliding over the outside of the Red material, pushing it close and in. 

Time to exercise, a walk along the river, time is critical, catch the last post of the day.

Home, lower the shorts, pull the side bands up over the hips, in the mirror i can see how it fits the lips of my pussy, tight, smooth. Wetness is visible in the colour change of the material, its time.

Slide them down in the kitchen. The cling wrap is laid out on the bench, standing naked, bringing them to her own nose, smelling herself as she had before, clean, sweet, womanly, will he like these?

Wrap them to retain the scent of the lady and package, pull shorts back on with no panties and out the door to the post office, handing them over. If only the lady on the other side of the counter knew.

His side of the G

The chopper arrives, all get off, the guy smiles saying I have something for you. Nodding head saying thanks mate.

Down to the office, on the desk, take a deep breath and relax. Many days had passed since she sent the simple email with the following words, its been posted, enjoy!

Finding the time is right, he moves to his other more private office, images of a child at xmas flash before his eyes with the anticipation of unwrapping the present.

He unwraps the outer envelope, and the smell of her perfume comes to his senses, Tresor. He pictures her body, slim but athletic, tanned a golden brown, with small tan lines.

He pauses controlling the breathing, he unwraps the inner envelope. It's a card with a hand written note to him. Then, they're in front of him, the Red material visible in its plastic cover.

He unwraps it with anticipation, so many images come to mind, recounting the day she wore them, her description of her day.

He unfolds then. They are small, he pictures then pulled high on her hips, he turns them, picturing the material, as it would appear between the firm, cheeks of her bum.

Now continuing to inspect he opens them, seeing visible evidence of were her shaved pussy rested that day, the material is stained with dried juices from her.

The next step is the one he has waited weeks for, to smell her body.

The scent is as expected, clean and heady all in one, the images flood the mind. Her body moving during love making, walking, sitting, her scent is all about them.

The scent recounts the day, shower, body lotion, walking running, her fingers exploring and teasing, her perfume mixed with her scent.

I now fully understand why the new boyfriend had to leave her apartment and get some fresh air. She is over powering the senses with emotions, and not the least is, I now notice I am hard.

It's like a big box of chocolates. I return them to the wrapper and wrap them tight, keeping the scent in, saving some for the next day, and the next.

It is hard to concentrate, knowing the Red G is so close yet she is so far away. 

Is it rude to ask for another Red G?