 I walked briskly into the airport lounge and slid onto a stool at the bar, placing my backpack on the seat next to me.

I had about 30 minutes to kill before my late-night flight back to the east coast took off, so I decided to have a couple of pints over a copy of the Times to take the edge off after my long business trip. 

After ordering a beer, I took stock of the rest of the bar, checking out the patrons one by one. To my left was a married couple, talking in hushed tones with one another, and further down, an older businessman watching the Sunday night football game. To my right, the bartender was helping a pair of college frat boys, also enjoying the game, no doubt on the way back home from the just-ended term. 

After draining the last of my first pint a few minutes later, I noticed a woman sitting down at the bar a couple of seats down. She ordered a beer, then leaned over towards me, making eye contact. 

"Can I see the living section?" she asked, killing my ego completely. 

"Sure," I mumbled, as my fingers flipped through the paper and found her section. I handed it over, and she gave me a sweet smile before returning to her beer and newfound reading material. 

Over the next few minutes, my eyes wandered to her occasionally, looking the young woman over. She seemed about my age, in her late 20s or early 30s, with dark – nearly black – hair and eyes. She was pretty short for a woman, and though she didn't have the thin, emaciated body type so popular these days, she wasn't really overweight, either. Dressed for the chill in the late fall air, she was wearing a black sweater, a slate gray knee-length skirt, and high-heeled boots. 

I returned to my paper and beer, sure that she was not to interested in me, despite my nice outfit – khaki pants, a dark green button down shirt, and brown dress shoes. Lost in my reverie, I failed to notice when the young woman slid up next to me to return the living section. 

"Ahem," she coughed, trying to get my attention. 

"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you there," I responded, dumbfounded. 

"Thanks for the section," the woman said, giving me a look that was more searching than smiling. "My name's Kathy."

"Nice to meet you, my name's Jon."

And so we made small talk for a few minutes, exchanging a bit of information about each other. She lived in San Francisco, while I was only there for business. We were taking the same flight that night, but her route was the opposite of mine – she was flying to Atlanta for business, while I was flying home.

We continued to chat for a while, sharing another couple of beers until we both had a good buzz going. But then, I heard a call over the loudspeaker for boarding to begin. We exchanged quick goodbyes, and wished each other a good flight before parting ways, she to the bathroom and myself to the boarding line. 

About 15 minutes later, I settled comfortably in my seat on the back row of the coach section. The flight looked to be pretty empty, so I spread out a bit and kicked off my shoes, flexing my sore feet in my gray wool boot socks with black heels and toes. I leaned back in the seat and put on my headphones, relaxing to some classical music. 

A couple of minutes into my catnap, a hand touched my shoulder, jarring me from my trance.

"Is this seat taken?" Kathy asked with a chuckle. "Actually, I've got the window on this aisle."

I returned the smile and scooted back to let her pass, and she flopped down tiredly into the window seat. Before long, we had struck up our conversation again, and we barely noticed when the plane went airborne – we had hit it off pretty well. 

During our chat, she reached down and subtly unzipped her boots, slipping her feet out and revealing her dark striped dress socks. I was digging the view of her in her socked feet and sleek skirt, being a foot and leg man, but I tried not to openly stare at her. 

When the fasten seat belt sign went off, Kathy unbuckled and slid up next to me in the middle seat as we continued our conversation. With the flight being a red-eye, flight attendants brought by the beverage and snack cart shortly after take off, and then dimmed the lights for the in-flight movie. We both stopped talking for a bit as we started watching the movie, and Kathy leaned over, practically resting her head on my shoulder.

"I can't see too well over there," she said with a smile. "You've got the good seat."

As I stretched my legs out in front of me while watching the opening credits roll, I felt my foot bump into something and I recoiled. 

"Oh, sorry," I apologized, when I realized I had bumped Kathy's foot.

"No, that's okay, Jon," she replied, then moved her foot back to mine, rubbing it gently with her sock-clad toes. I responded by moving my foot closer to hers and rubbing back, making it clear that I didn't mind playing a nice game of footsie.

We sat there for a while with our feet resting on each other's as the movie wound on. The flight attendants finished serving drinks and retired to their seats before their fatigue led most to taking a quick nap. Most of the passengers likewise retired, with only a few staying awake to watch the movie. 

Before long, Kathy and I had quite a bit of privacy – the nearest passengers were a couple of rows up, and most of them were asleep. 

At a slow point in the movie, I looked over to Kathy just as she looked at me, and we shared a passion-filled look than can only be shared by two single people long-removed from their last sexual encounter. Figuring what the hell, I dove in and kissed her deeply, and she returned the passionate embrace.

We started playing footsie again, our socked feet rubbing against one another in passion as we held and kissed each other. My hands started roaming her body, cupping her B-cup breasts in my hands. Her hands journeyed, as well, squeezing my well-muscled butt.

Quiet moans started to escape our lips as my hands slipped under her sweater, squeezing her breasts, and her hands moved around to my crotch, rubbing my growing erection. Then I pulled one of my hands out from under her sweater and put it on her leg, sliding it up the inside of her thigh. 

My dick was nearly fully erect by the time I reached her panties, which were already moist with her anticipation. I started fingering her through her soft cotton undies, and I could feel her body tense up as I continued my motion. 

Kathy's hands fumbled with my zipper as I did the same with her panties. Eventually, she had freed my hard, 8-inch cock from my pants and underwear, and I had pulled her panties to the side enough that I could slide my finger into her pussy. 

As I started finger-fucking Kathy, she began to slowly jerk me off with one hand while rubbing my balls with the other hand. Her tiny hand was dwarfed by my swollen dick – her fingers barely wrapped halfway around it.

She continued teasing me with her hands for a while, and I moved my fingers up to her swollen clit. After a couple minutes of that, Kathy started squirming more and more as she got closer to an orgasm – she leaned back in her seat and pulled her legs up, spreading herself wide open. Her feet now rested in front of her on the seat, her toes curled up in pleasure within her socks. 

The hand that had been rubbing my balls went to her own crotch, now; her fingers slid into and out of her pussy as I rubbed her clit. She continued to jerk me off with her other hand, though, and her pace quickened as she got closer and closer to an orgasm.

Her body started bucking in the seat, then, and her legs shot straight out, her socked feet pressing against the seat in front of us. She let go of my cock long enough to cum, and she let out one loud moan that I was afraid the entire plane had heard.

After catching her breath, she turned to me and kissed me full on the lips.

"Thank you so much, Jon, that was wonderful," she said. I mumbled a quiet "you're welcome" as her tongue began to fill my mouth and her hands once again returned to my crotch. 

Kathy turned sideways in the seat next to me, sitting sort of Indian style, before extending one of her socked feet to my groin. She ran her tiny, shapely foot over my cock, the soft polyester material of her stocking gliding over my skin.

"You like that, don't you baby?" she asked. A breathless "mmm hmm" was all I could manage in response. 

She stroked her sock-clad foot up and down my dick – it fit neatly into her high arch – a few times, and then slid it down to my bulging sack. Her soft sock tickled my swollen balls as her hand once again started to jerk me off.

Then, she pulled her foot away, and pulled her legs around behind herself. She leaned forward, her head near my groin, and concentrated once again on giving me a splendid hand job. 

Just then, I heard a gasp in front of me. One of the other passengers, a man, had gotten up to go the bathroom in the tail of the plane, and he now stood, paralyzed with shock, even with our row. I saw Kathy lean her head up in surprise, and my jaw dropped open as I saw her blow the young man a kiss and go back to the hand job. He looked at me; I merely shrugged, and he continued on into the bathroom to do his business. 

About a minute later, the man walked back out of the lavatory, but rather than walking back to his seat, he sat down in the row across from us. It was then that I noticed his pants were still unzipped and starting to droop, and his hand was down his gray boxer briefs fondling himself.

"This is much better than the movie," the man whispered, and then pulled his underwear down the rest of the way, revealing his quickly-hardening cock. "Do you mind if I stay and watch?"

Kathy and I shared a glance before telling him it was okay, and then she continued playing with my dick. She started to tease me with her tongue in different places – the tip of my cock, my balls, and so on – as she stroked my shaft, and I could tell she wasn't just doing it to tease me. Her sultry eyes glanced up at the stranger across the aisle from time to time to help him along, and he was soon jacking off feverishly from watching us. 

All of this combined to bring me to the brink of orgasm, and I conveyed that to Kathy, who swallowed the end of my cock to catch my cum. The sight of her jacking me off with her lips wrapped around my dick made our friend cum immediately, and I came shortly thereafter, pumping load after load into her mouth. 

Kathy swallowed nearly all of it at first, but her mouth filled before I was done so she had to pull back and let my undies catch the rest. The stranger across the aisle zipped up his pants, concealing his now-soaked boxer briefs, and returned to his seat, flashing a smile and a soft "thank you" before leaving. 

Kathy sat back up next to me, leaning on my shoulder to catch a quick nap as her socked feet once again entangled with mine. We dozed off and on like that until about halfway through the movie, when she awoke with a stretch and a yawn and moved her mouth up next to my ear.

"I want you to do me, right now," she whispered throatily, and with that she got up and stepped back into the alcove behind us that housed the rear bathrooms and a small flight attendant station that was now unattended. 

Thinking she wanted me to meet her in the bathroom for a quickie, I stood up and turned around – and was surprised to see her waiting for me at the back of the small room, in plain view of anyone who looked down the aisle. With the in-flight movie still going strong and the hour getting late, though, nearly everyone was either dozing or engrossed in the film. 

As I padded up to Kathy in my socked feet, she reached out and threw her arms around my neck, planting a kiss on my lips as she turned me sideways and pressed me against one of the bathroom doors. She stood on her tiptoes to reach my height, and we shared another passionate kiss for several long moments before she pulled away slightly.

I looked deep into her lust-filled eyes and was excited by what I saw.

"I want you, baby," I said breathlessly, then began planting kisses on her neck, cheeks, and ears. 

"Mmmmm," she responded, "me too."

Then Kathy pulled away from my kisses, and lowered her body to the floor as she kneeled in front of my. Our eyes locked as she knelt, and her socked feet curled back as they extended out behind her. Our shared look was full of passion as she sank onto her knees, bringing her head to the level of my crotch. 

She reached up and unbuttoned and unzipped my pants – never taking her eyes off of mine – and started rubbing my dick through my thin underwear. After a few moments, she reached inside and grabbed my swelling cock as she pulled down my undies with her other hand, then she took my semi-hard dick into her mouth and began sucking gently.

I looked up then, worried that someone might catch us in our coital bliss, but everyone was just as oblivious as before. The flight attendants had disappeared nearly an hour before, and were likely napping as well.

Thrilled by the exhibition we were putting on, yet confident that we probably wouldn't be caught, I turned back to Kathy, who was still lightly sucking on my cock. I moved my hands up to her head, running my fingers gently through her hair as I guided her bobbing motion. In just a few moments, my dick was completely hard and I stood on tiptoes in my socks as my feet curled in pleasure. 

Then Kathy pulled away from my crotch, taking my cock in her hand and jerking lightly to keep me excited. She stood up, leaned close to my face, and planted a hint of a kiss on my lips.

"I want to feel this inside me," she whispered, as she jerked harder on my cock once for effect. 

Kathy stepped back, reached under her skirt, and pulled down her cotton underwear, clearly soaked from our previous encounter and anticipation of the current one. She stepped out of them, caught them on the end of a sock-covered foot, and flicked them onto the seat in one smooth motion. 

Then she turned around, bent at the waist, spread her legs, arched her feet and back, and braced her hands on the bathroom door in front of her. The sight of this sexy woman spreading her ass and pussy right in front of me, standing on her tiptoes in cute little socks, while an airplane full of people could see us if they were awake, all combined to nearly make me cum right there. 

But I controlled myself, and stepped up behind her, lining my cock up with her wet pussy. I grabbed her hip with one hand to steady myself, and used the other hand to guide my dick into her waiting lips. She gasped at first, but I inserted my cock slowly, working it up and down as I moved in to lubricate it. 

With one final thrust, I slid the final length of my dick into her, sending a shudder through both of us. Then I started thrusting in and out, slowly fucking her from behind.

We both moaned as quietly as we could while we fucked. I delighted in seeing her high-arched socked feet propping her up as I pounded her, as well as my own feet with my toes curled up inside my gray and black socks. 

We got closer and closer, and my hands moved to encircle her waist, where I could pump her pelvis in and out in time with my own thrusts. Kathy pulled her sweater up over her bosom and pulled her bra down, revealing her perky breasts enough so she could play with her hard nipples as she neared orgasm.

Her tits bounced back and forth as I pounded her pussy, and we both got closer and closer. My balls started slapping against her tight ass as I pounded faster and faster, and our moans started to get louder. 

"Oh God, yes," Kathy cried as quietly as she could. "Don't stop, baby, keep fucking me. Yes, yes, oh yes, oh God, yes…"

My thrusting reached a feverish pace, and the effort I expended made my socks start to slip off of the end of my feet as I gripped the carpet for traction. 

Then, with a loud moan that Kathy bit off after only a fraction of a second, both of us came. I pumped my load into her swollen pussy, my head swimming from the orgasm. I continued thrusting for a few moments, slowing down as we coasted to a stop.

She stood up and turned around, and we kissed again.

"Thank you so much, Jon," she said. "I really needed that."

"No," I replied. "Thank you."

With that, we returned to our seats to catch some sleep before the plane landed.