 I haven't had a good vacation in over two years. Things were stressful at home and I needed one desperately. So I decided to take a few days off from work and go down to Atlanta for a concert and a football game last weekend. After the concert, in which 73,000 plus all tried to leave from the same exit, I decided to call it a night and walk back to my hotel. At some point in front of me, there was a girl staggering as she walked and talked on her phone. She was around five and a half feet tall, long red hair, fair skin, and a tight, round bubble butt. She was wearing brown cowboy boots, Daisy Dukes Denim shorts that hugged her ass nicely, and a white blouse. She was arguing with whoever she was on the phone with.

"I came out the same exit everyone else did. Where the Hell are you guys? I don't see you! Okay. Where is that at? Well my phone is about to die. I'll try and find it. Hello?! Hello? Damnit!"

She took a step awkwardly and fell. Fearing she would get trampled by the mob behind us, I sprung into action. I helped her to her feet and pulled her away from the mob. I asked:

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah. Thanks."

"I'm sorry I would have hated to see you get trampled by that crowd. My name is John."

Seeing her from the front for the first time, I couldn't help but be taken aback by her beauty. Her red hair framed her face like a Polaroid. Her eyes were a light sea blue. Her skin was lightly freckled. Her breasts were perfectly perky poking from underneath her blouse. I tried to break my stare, not wanting to appear like a creeper to her.

"My name is Tracy."

"Nice to meet you Tracy. Did you enjoy the concert?"

"Yeah it was awesome! But I'm sure not enjoying this. I had to use the bathroom after the concert was over and got separated from my friends. I was trying to call them to find out where they're at. They're supposedly heading towards a bar called Stats. We were going to have a drink or two there and take a cab back to our hotel over at the airport. They were telling me where that's at when my phone died. Do you know where its at?"

"Yeah it's on the other side of the stadium and you have to walk to it in a bad part of town. I wouldn't advise going alone."

"Can you escort me there? I'm a little drunk and nervous about being by myself out here. I'd buy you a beer when we get there."

"You don't have to do that. I'll get you there."

So we walked to the bar and got to know one another on the way there. She and her friends were on Fall Break from college and decided to come to town for the concert. She was an Art Major in her senior year from Florida. I told her some things about me. When we arrived there were people lined up around the block. There was no way we were getting in there anytime soon. She yelled in frustration:

"Damn it!"

"I was afraid of this."

"What do we do now?"

"Well we can stand here and see if we can get in or..."

"Or what?"

"There's a Waffle House close by. Are you hungry?"

"I'm starving!"

"Well maybe someone there has a phone charger you can borrow to charge your phone and I'll buy us some food to eat. Deal?"

"Deal."

So we walked to the Waffle House. The line to get inside was twice as long as the line to get into Stats. She frustratingly asked:

"What do we do now?"

"Do you like pizza?"

"Yeah. Who doesn't?"

"My hotel is just a block or two over that way. I'll order a pizza to be delivered there. I think my charger will fit your cellphone. It's one of those super chargers that will charge it in no time. We'll eat the pizza and call your friends and get you to them one way or another from there. Deal?"

"You're so nice to me and I feel safe with you. Safer than I would out here all by myself. Let's do that."

There was an old lady standing on the corner. She was carrying red roses in a basket. She asked me:

"Would you like to be a rose for the young lady?"

"Sure. Why not?"

I paid the lady a couple of bucks for the rose. I turned to Tracy and said:

"A rose for a rose?"

I gave it to Tracy. She took it, smiled, and kissed me on the cheek. We walked to my hotel and ordered a pizza. We waited in my room for the pizza to be delivered. She plugged her phone into my charger. The Pizza came. I paid for it and brought it back to the room. She was sitting on the bed. She was on her phone, but tossed it on the desk.

"I can't get anyone to answer!" 

" Well let's eat and we'll try again later. I'm sorry all I have to drink is some beer and some soda. I wasn't expecting company."

"It's okay. I like beer and soda but I might have something to make that soda taste better!"

I set the pizza down beside her and then sat down on the other side of the pizza. She reached into the bag she had been carrying and pulled out a half empty bottle of cinnamon whiskey. 

"We snuck this into the concert and I ended up with it. Care for a shot?"

"Never turned a shot down before in my life, not going to start now."

She grabbed two plastic cups and poured a shot for me and a shot for her. We toasted and drank them. I could feel the burn down my throat and it shoot up my nose! I exclaimed:

"Woo! That's a burner right there!"

"Oh yeah! But it tastes so good don't it! Shew! That walk watered down my buzz! Bet a couple of these will bring it back!"

"And then some!"

We ate the pizza and drank the bottle of Whiskey in short order. I was buzzed, and she was pretty high as well. She tried her friends again but again they didn't answer. She asked aloud.

"Now what am I going to do?"

"You could stay here."

"Really?"

"Yeah. I don't see why not?"

Tracy smiled.

"How can I ever thank you?"

"You don't have to do anything?"

"Yes I do."

Tracy tossed the empty pizza box across the room and moved towards me. She kissed me. Her tongue gently glided into my mouth. I returned the kiss. She quickly broke the kiss and said.

"I knew you wanted me!"

She resumed kissing me and pushed me down into a laying position on the bed. She climbed up on top of me and straddled me. She pulled her blouse over her shoulders and away from her body. She tossed it to the floor. She was wearing a white strapless bra. She unclasped it from the front freeing her perfect round C cup breasts and tossed it in the same direction she threw her blouse. She bent down and kissed me. Her breasts brushed across my chest eliciting and unbelievable euphoric feeling inside of me. My hands quickly met her tits and I began to fondle them. She broke her kiss and said:

"I love it when my tits are played with!"

She let out a throaty erotic groan and kissed me again. I aggressively returned the kiss. I quickly rolled her over onto her back.

"You've not experienced anything yet. I'm just gettin' started!"

I began kissing down the side of her neck down to her statuesque breasts. Once I reached them I once again began to aggressively fondle them. She began to moan, encouraging me to continue. I began to pinch and pull on her fat erect nipples. She moaned in a louder, primal almost animalistic way. My mouth was watering staring at her perfect tits and nipples. I moved it closer towards my targets. My lips met a nipple and i began to suckle it like a newborn the first time it meets its mother's. As I sucked and sucked her nipple, she placed her hand on my head guiding me. When I finished with that one I switched to the other and gave it the same treatment. I began to play with the breast I wasn't sucking with my hand. The more I sucked and played with her tits the more she moaned and elated moans and groans of approval. After several more minutes of breast play. I kissed my way down those mountains and down her stomach to her sexy belly-button. I began to lick, nibble and suck it. She moaned:

"Oh baby! You're driving me wild!"

"Good!"

I reached between her legs. The crotch of her daisy dukes were soaking wet!

"Someone is having a good time."

She bit her bottom lip. Her lust filled eyes were locked on to mine.I grabbed the waistband of her shorts and began to tug on them. She unbuttoned them and lift her hips and ass up off of the bed and I pulled them down from her waist and down her legs. I tossed them into the growing pile of clothes in the floor. She asked:

"Are you going to take my boots off?"

I thought for a moment and replied:

"No not yet."

She wasn't wearing any underwear. Her pussy was bald. It had been waxed recently. It was soaked and wet like the grass after a day's long storm. I began to rub her bare mound. She arched her back forcing her pussy up against my hand as I rubbed. She moaned.

"Oh my yessss! Yess! Yesssss!" 

I inserted a finger, and then a second one. She sat up and pulled me in for a kiss. Then she said:

"Fuck me baby! Finger fuck me hard!"

And I did. I began forcing my fingers in and out of her wet slit. And she met every thrust of mine with one of her own! The harder and faster I i fingered, the louder and louder she moaned. Suddenly she began to squirt juices from her vagina. Some of it landed in my face. I opened my mouth and caught a squirt in my mouth. Through her moans she laughed. She raised up and we kissed again. After a moment, I pulled away and returned my attention to her sweet wet muff, and I dived in!

I began to lick, nibble, kiss, and suck on every part of her pussy. I also started fingering her again. She moaned and screamed in excitement and pleasure. Those moans turned me into a man possessed with making her cum and orgasm.I rolled us over swapping positions. I was now on my back and she was sitting on top of me. My face was still buried deep in her wet pussy. As I continued to eat her out, she kept rubbing her pussy on my face. She soon began to bounce up and down on my tongue like it was a small cock going in and out of her pussy. I found her pink fleshy clit and began to suck and pull on it with my mouth. As I began to bite it, that sent her over the edge. Her wet juices began to explode from her like it was shot from a cannon. I was quickly awash in her love juices.

When she came down from her orgasm, she rolled off of me only to quickly lay back on top of me face to face. I expected her to kiss me but instead she began to lick her juices off of my face. When she finished she kissed me. We kissed and made out for several moments. She stopped only to roll off of the bed. She sat on her knees on the floor I sat up on the side of the bed. She smiled for a moment and tugged on my pants. Dumbly I said:

"What?"

She laughed then made a gesture with her hand and tongue in her mouth that I fully understood.

"Oh yeah definitely! That would be great! Let me get rid of these!"

I stood up, unbuttoned and removed my pants and underwear and kicked them over to the pile we started with her clothes. My penis was about average but rock hard! She hungrily grabbed it and shoved it into her mouth! She began to bob up and down on my dick licking and sucking the shaft. I placed my hand on her head to guide her.

"Yes! Suck it! Suck my dick Tracy!"

And boy did she! She handled my hardened member like no one had before. She would suck and jack it off fast like, bringing me to the edge of cumming, and then she would slow down just enough to subdue the want to orgasm. She began alternating between the two and each time she did it, it drove me crazier and crazier with horny lust. After several minutes of this, I put my hands around her head and began roughly fucking her mouth. As I rammed my cock down her throat she moaned and began to suck again with the same wanton lust and intensity. I couldn't handle it anymore. I came! I Semen exploded from my throbbing cock into her mouth and down her throat. She moaned and kept on sucking as I kept cumming and cumming. She fell back against the wall releasing my cock from her hungry jaws. I shot cum all over her face and she loved it. I collapsed onto the bed and said:

"Oh my God! That was so awesome! That was the best blowjob I've ever had!"

Tracy stood up and wiped the cum off of her face. She licked her fingers clean and said:

"You ain't seen nothin' yet babe!"

She jumped on top of me and kissed me. I groped and pinched her perfect breasts again and she moaned like a sex crazed whore, making my cock hard again. She said:

"Looks like someone is ready again. Do you have a condom?"

"Yeah it's in my travel bag."

She got off of me. I went over to my bag and got my protection. I put it on and walked back over to her. She laid back against the pillows at the head of the bed. She spread her legs and motioned with her index finger for me to approach her. I crawled onto the bed. She moved her crotch into position. I inserted myself into her. It was a perfect fit, I slid right in. She moaned as I felt my cock hit a wall. It was so warm inside of her. Our eyes met with fire dancing in them. We kissed passionately. Like a woman possessed she yelled:

"Fuck me! Fuck me with your hard cock!"

I began to thrust in and out in and out. Just as she teased me before, I returned the favor! I alternated speeds taking her back and forth to the limits of orgasmic bliss and back. She was like an animal filled with lust, moaning, screaming, and almost barking like a dog! That gave me an idea! I pulled out of her. She looked at me, confused, almost hurt like. I commanded:

"Turn over!"

Her frown turned upside down into an almost criminal smile. She turned around and shoved her sweet ass up into the air. I grabbed it and began to squeeze it. She moaned that moan again. It made my dick twitch. I smacked her ass playfully and spread her cheeks. I wasn't playing around. I rammed my cock deep into her assand began fucking her hard she responded by pushing back with each thrust I made and by fingering her pussy with the same rhythm. I was riding her like a cowboy on a bucking bronco. I continued to slap her ass with each thrust I made. She moaned louder and louder an louder. She quickly came. I wasn't going to be close behind. I pulled out and turned her back over. I kissed her.

"Do you want me to fuck that wet pussy?"

"Yes! God yes!"

"Say it.

"Fuck me!"

"Beg me for it!"

"Please fuck me! Please! I need your cock so bad!"

I shoved my cock back into her wet snatch and started fucking her like a man possessed. With each thrust I rammed my cock deeper and harder inside her. We were both so close to cumming again. I rolled us over and she was now on top of me.

"Ride me bitch!"

Tracy began bouncing up and down on my cock. Her tits were bouncing hypnotically. I grabbed them and squeezed as she rode my dick to oblivion. She bent down to kiss me. We shared a long passionate kiss. Our tongues danced with each other. She broke the kiss and said:

"Ready for the big finish?"

I nodded and we kissed again. She playfully bit my bottom lip and resumed bouncing on my cock. I met her equally with every thrust. Harder and faster we kept going and going until finally neither of us could hold back anymore. We both orgasmed and came at the same time. Our moans probably echoed across the 2nd floor of the hotel but neither of us cared. We were lost in carnal lust. Covered in hot sticky sweat we passionately made out as our collective energies began to waiver. We fell asleep in each other's arms.

A few hours later that morning, I awoke. I looked at the other side of the bed. It was empty. I got up and checked the bathroom. She was gone. I looked over at the nightstand beside the bed. She left the rose I bought her and left it sitting in the empty bottle of cinnamon whiskey.