 I arrived at the party around 10:30 with a buddy of mine, Sean. I'd been away at school for a few months, so I was anxious to see my old high school friends. Its amazing high drastically our lives can change, yet we're still able to easily reestablish the bonds that we held in school. 

Case and point would be Emily, who along with her three other roommates, was hosting this party in the townhouse they rented. The characteristics had always been there, but the freedom of college had really unleashed the freak inside of her. The girl who used to talk my ear off about editing the school yearbook and raising her SAT scores was now frequently educating me on the finer points of group sex, from the varying possible positions to the usefulness of whips, chains, and lubricants. 

Yet, despite this radical new side which emerged, especially compared to my relatively conservative lifestyle, we never had trouble maintaining our friendship. This was probably due to our mutual decision (although I must admit that there were a couple of drunken nights when I questioned my side of the agreement) to keep it strictly platonic. We both gave our reasons, for her I was too strait laced and jockish. For me she was too wild and extreme with her pierced nose, tongue, nipples, and pussy, in addition to the various tattoos scattered over her body (Although I love the orchid on the small of her back). But despite my objections there was no way to deny that she was sexy. Not in the model perfect way, but in a truly sexual way, from the warmth emitted by her soft body, not chubby, but supple. Models are good to look at and be seen with, but bodies like Emily's are the ones made to fuck.

But those personal feelings were buried for the night, since Emily had made it clear that one of her roommates, Jaime, was perfect for me. I was a little hesitant at first, knowing Emily's usual social circle, but Emily assured me that I'd be more than pleased with her. 

So naturally I scanned the crowd to see if I could pick out my reserved soul mate, but instead I immediately caught sight of Sarah, who easily stood out in any crowd. Sarah, depending on which day I talked to him, was either my best friend's current or former girlfriend. Despite the fact that Sarah and him had been in a relationship for almost four years, Nick had left to study abroad in Barcelona for a year with their situation up in the air. Nick suffered from the typical male delusion that he was a potential Casanova, and thus felt he should have nothing restricting his conquest of every legendary Iberian beauty who crossed his path. And from what he told me, even taking exaggeration into consideration, he was actually succeeding in his designs. Confidence can sure get you a lot in this world. Sarah is an example of it. 

But the uncertainty went beyond the year spent apart. During the year before he left he had started doubting his relationship, and he claimed she had as well. Allegedly, both regretted the fact that they had missed fully experiencing the college fuck anyone and everyone lifestyle. And since their schools were two hundred miles apart, it wasn't as if being together had quelled that desire. Although I knew this concern to be true in Nick's case I had my doubts whether this was actually a shared view. Sarah was a bit of a control freak, and she managed to keep even Nick on a short leash. I can't count how many Friday and Saturday nights Nick either couldn't go out or had to leave early because Sarah needed to talk to him on the phone.

Then again who could blame him. Sarah is gorgeous, drop dead, give my left arm, slice of heaven, gorgeous. From top to bottom, starting with her lush brown hair, sparkling green eyes, full, round, all natural, mouthwatering breast, a slim waist, tight ass, firm legs, and even perfectly shaped feet with intricately painted toenails like cherries on top to complete the optical feast. Looking her over at that party I swear she looked better than I'd ever seen her before, then again this was the first time I'd seen her with Nick an ocean away. Of course I would never and have never attempted to steal any of my friend's girlfriends, not to mention my best friend's, but I've had more than a couple fantasies about fucking them, especially Sarah, especially in the kind of outfit she had on tonight. A blue halter top and a short black skirt which accentuated her body in all the right ways.

No doubt feeling my eyes all over her body, Sarah looked my way and gave me an excited smile as I walked over to her. There was always an undercurrent of attraction between Sarah and me, or at least in my mind. Both her and Emily playfully gave me complements about my athletic six foot body in front of Nick, who may have had the ego of an Adonis, but also had an average five foot eight, skinny, frame. Although everybody, even Nick laughed about it when ever it was brought up, judging from the slightly agitated way in which he sometimes mentioned it while drunk, I could tell that it bothered him, and maybe even that Sarah had said other things in private which intensified his jealousy. It probably didn't help that he often, despite my best efforts to conceal it, caught me admiring Sarah's body, but how could anyone not. Then again any man with a girlfriend like Sarah, no matter how big their ego, had to constantly view every other guy, even his best friend, as a potential competitor.

Sarah was talking to Emily and some of her friends, so as was custom I gave Emily a big hug first, then gave Sarah a tentative, you're my best friend's girlfriend type embrace. Its probably pretty clear by now that I'm a bit timid, in fact another common joke was that Nick and I had either switched bodies or brains, but I never wanted to be one of those creeps who drooled all over every pretty girl they got near.

"Its so good to see you, Emily just mentioned that you should be showing up, " Sarah excitedly greeted me.

"Its good to see you, how's everything going?" I replied matching Sarah's excitement in my own voice. 

We went through the usual haven't seen you for a while conversation, but as we spoke I noticed that my earlier evaluation of Sarah looking especially alluring wasn't just due to the absence of Nick. First, there was her aroma, she always smelled great, but tonight that sweet fresh peach scent was noticeably stronger. Secondly, she usually wore little or no make up, or at least made it appear that way, but tonight you could tell she had actually spent some time on it, not to say it was excessive, in fact it was just right, bringing out every mesmerizing aspect of her face. Lastly, the way she looked into my eyes, her smile, the casual physical contact she created, hand touching my arm, fingers playfully poking my chest, were all flirtations which she had never expressed before. If I didn't know her better I would say she was out on the prowl, but I placed that thought out of my mind, all these things were probably just manifestations of being alone for four months, though I certainly didn't mind being the object of them.

Maybe noticing the attention I was giving Sarah, Emily stepped into the conversation, and openly, as to show Sarah as much as myself, pointed out Jaime across the room in the kitchen. From what I could see (Emily always keeps her parties dimly lit) Jaime was perfect for me, and probably every other guy at the party as well. She was a latina with shoulder length, black, wavy hair. Medium height, pretty face, a slender, but not fragile body, and what appeared to be a golden tan, which I absolutely love, especially in the dead of winter. 

"Cute isn't she? You said you liked your women athletic, she used to be a runner, " added Emily with the self pleased look on her face that she always got when she played match maker. 

"She doesn't have a boyfriend?, " sadly my mind was now conditioned to ask this question, especially when seeing an attractive female. 

"No, she's only been living in the city a couple of months. And would that stop you anyway, you're such a pussy, " kidded Emily. "Come get a drink with me, I'll introduce you." With that she grabbed my hand and led me away from Sarah, who smiled, but what seemed to me to be an artificial one (my ego was running a little bit now).

Emily introduced me to Jaime, and I shook her hand confirming my earlier observations, in fact improving upon them as I noticed her full lips, and most of all her perfectly toned legs and round ass displayed as she turned to grab Emily and me a couple bottles of beer from the fridge. Emily caught my appraisal and nodded her head at me almost giggling seeing me drool. " Marcus here plans on going to law school as well, " introduced Emily. 

"Oh really, do you know where you want to go?" asked Jaime as she smiled and handed a beer to me. With the conversation started Emily discreetly turned away to one of her other friends in the kitchen. 

Jaime explained that she wasn't drinking as it was her duty to make sure the house didn't burn down. She had a pleasant laugh exhibited when I cracked a couple of jokes about leaving Emily to that duty. Obviously Emily had put in a good word for me before, and Jaime seemed receptive. After ten minutes of talking another one of the roommates, John, came up to her and she apologized leaving to deal with a bathroom problem, smiling warmly as she walked away promising to talk to me some more later. 

She was certainly what I was looking for, but seeing Sarah walk into the kitchen, I saw what I really wanted. Jaime was cute, better looking in fact than the last couple of girls I'd been with, but Sarah was still a goddess. "So how'd the love connection go?, " asked Sarah. 

"She seems to be a nice girl, " I replied. 

"Yeah, she definitely has a nice ass, " added Sarah giving me a playful I caught you with your hand in the cookie jar look. 

"Take a shot with me, " ordered Sarah quickly changing subjects as she grabbed the tequila bottle off the counter and poured two shots. She handed me one, tapped glasses, and we threw our heads back. Sarah, seemingly unwavered, poured another two as I sucked on a slice of lime. I'd only seen Sarah drunk once, on her 21st and most of that night she spent hugging her toilet. 

"Somebody's getting drunk tonight, " I joked. 

"Well, you'll watch over me won't you, " she smiled back as she raised another shot glass to me. After those two shots I felt a quick buzz, Sean and I had taken vicodin before we came, so each drink had a magnified effect.

The rest of the night I moved around the house drinking continually, but not excessively. Spending some time with Sean and some old friends who were on the patio smoking, some more time getting to know Jaime in between her numerous tasks, but never letting Sarah get out of my eye sight for too long. We always seemed to be in the same area, and always seemed to catch each other looking at one another, smiling each time like we were sharing an inside joke. 

Around three the party had really emptied out there was only a couple of people still conscious in the living room where I sat talking to Jaime on the couch, my arm around her, her body snuggling into mine. Each of us took the opportunity to momentarily place a hand on the others leg, and I was getting ready to make my move when one of Jaime's friends came up and interrupted. 

"Jaime, Monica is really trashed and she was supposed to drive us home and Susan has to be home before four and all of us are too drunk to drive, and I'm sorry to bother you, but could you possibly drive us, " from her rambling request I could see she was being honest about the drunk part. 

Jaime gave her a patient smile, "Sure, let me just grab a sweatshirt, ". 

"Thank you so much, I'm so sorry to bother you, " her friend sloppily reiterated glancing in my direction. 

"Don't worry about it, " Jaime answered placing a hand on my thigh and getting up. "Are you staying here tonight, Marcus?". 

"Most likely, Sean doesn't look like he's going anywhere, " I nodded over to my friend asleep on the floor anticipating the meaning of her question eagerly. 

"Well I guess I'll see you in the morning then, I won't be back for a while, and you look like you might pass out as well, ". 

Not what I was hoping for. My mind blank (actually a little droggy from the booze and pills) I moronically replied "Drive safely, ". 

"Thanks, I will, " answered Jaime, giving me a final sweet smile as she walked towards the door.

Before I could give my forehead the slap it deserved, Sarah slid into the seat next to me, placing her arm around me, "What happened slugger? I thought you had that one, " kidded Sarah who was obviously drunk as she energetically leaned into me. 

"So did I. She had to take her friends home." I dejectedly answered. 

"Cockblocked!" Sarah loudly proclaimed laughing at my misfortune. "Oh, don't feel bad, I'm sure you're tap that ass soon enough, " Sarah laughed drunkenly at her own vulgarity as if she were the funniest person alive. 

It was certainly a side of her I'd never seen before. Getting into her mood I replied as seriously as I could, "Tap that ass, baby, I only make love, " we both laughed fully feeling the effects of the alcohol. 

I crept a hand to her side and began tickling her, causing her to jump and give a short shriek, "Don't start that, " she laughed and attacked my sides with her hands as we semi-wrestled on the couch. The problem for me was that I was starting to get excited, so I finally grabbed her wrist and held her hands back, stopping the battle.

There was a second of silence, as I looked into her eyes, the exact moment perfect to make a move, but I hesitated, "This is Sarah, " I thought trying to remind myself of responsibilities buried in desire. 

"Cmon, lets go and see who Emily is fucking, " announced Sarah quickly getting off the couch and grabbing my hand relieving the tension just created. 

"She could be fucking anyone, " I replied slowly getting up. 

"That's the point, " smiled back Sarah pulling me towards the narrow staircase.

We crept up to Emily's bedroom door, Sarah placing her ear next to it and a hand on the door knob. Almost giddy she cracked the door open pulling me quietly in with her. The room was barely lit by a few candles positioned near the bed, but even before my eyes could properly adjust I could make out what was going on. Emily was on all fours on her bed, with one guy steadily pumping into her from the back, while she sucked the cock of another guy sitting up against the headboard of the bed. 

Nobody seemed to notice our entrance, the guy getting serviced had his head thrown back, and we were positioned behind and to the right of the guy fucking her. My cock stiffened as I watched Emily's body shake with each thrust. Completely naked her full breast swayed back and forth, her backside rippling with the assault, as the room was filled with the guy's groans, her muffled moans, the slapping of his body into hers, and the unmistakable slurping of her mouth moving up and down on his dick. Sarah leaned back into me, rubbing her ass into my groin, it felt so good that I placed my right arm around her waist pulling her closer, but she removed my arm breaking away from my body, teasing me, all the while keeping her head focused on the scene before us. 

As the guy behind Emily began increasing his rate of penetration, she crept her hand back onto me, outlining my engorged cock through my jeans. Hating and loving her teasing fingers as they delicately traced around the sides. She then placed her entire hand on my package almost causing me to moan as she slowly massaged it. After a couple of squeezes I could no longer take it, her sweet smell, the action displayed before us, combined with her hand teasing my cock drove me to boldly wrap my left arm around her and draw her into me. Surprised by the suddenness and power of the move she offered no resistance as I savagely placed my hands on the her breasts, squeezing them roughly through her thin top, feeling her nipples harden from the contact of my thumbs pressing down on them. 

Still in complete control I slid my right hand down her flat stomach and dove it under her skirt and panties. Noticing only a thin strip of hair as my middle finger slid along the slick surface between her lips, Sarah threw her hand back on to my shoulder surpressing a moan. I tasted the flavor of her stretched neck with wet kisses as her body leaned into mine. Seeking revenge I removed the hand slowly from under her skirt. The action in front of us was coming to its climax as the cock in front of Emily gave a deep moan and spewed cum all over her face. The guy behind her pulled out of her and rapidly moved his hand up and down his long skinny dick aiming it at the lotus I loved so much. 

Sarah, not waiting to the end, rolled away from me, sneaking out the door as quietly as she had crept in. I followed in a daze. She ignored me as she walked down the hall, not looking back until she reached the door of Emily's roommate, John, opening the door while flashing me a mischievous smile. I needed know further invitation as I entered the same room. 

A cool blue light from the window bathed the room in a visible light. Sarah stood in the middle of the room next to the end of the bed, where John was passed out with blankets clumsily covering him. Sarah floated over to me her emerald eyes enhancing the dream like environment which grew stronger with each second my eyes focused upon her. 

"I've wanted you for a long time, Marcus, " she almost groaned as she placed her hands on my muscular chest. 

"Me too, " was all I could reply as I nodded in the direction of John. 

"He's passed out, " replied Sarah as she lifted her body up to kiss me. I responded with a short gentle peck, followed by a sensual kiss of her upper lip, before fully pressing my lips against her cherry flavored lips. My tongue eased into her mouth dividing her lips which opened automatically to allow her tongue to greet mine. I withdrew my tongue slowly licking her upper lip as I broke the kiss. Her tongue reached out into my mouth. I sucked it as she slowly slid it out again. 

Teasing done, we kissed fully, tongues thirstily lapping out one another. My hands moved down the side of her body, feeling her curves before I firmly cupped both butt cheeks, lifting her body into me. Sarah's hands explored my body as well, rubbing my back, my sides, and squeezing my ass playfully, before wandering up and under my shirt. She rubbed the front of my body with her smooth hands, brushing lightly over my nipples, while outlining the bulge of each muscle. I lifted my arms up and she raised my shirt up and over my head, kissing my naked chest and sculpted stomach as she lowered herself to the floor, kneeling before me. 

Eagerly she unbuttoned my pants, using her delicate fingers to draw down the zipper, eyes intensely focused on the bulge which twitched with anticipation. Sarah yanked down my pants and boxers together releasing my thick cock into the open air. She smiled up at me as she gave it a long, firm stroke, pecking its head with her lips, before sticking out her tongue and licking it slowly from base to tip. When she finally placed the head into her warm, wet mouth, her tongue swirling around, I thought I was going to blow. Taking a loud deep breath I calmed myself, as she quickly engulfed the rest of my seven inches allowing it to reach the back of her throat. She held it there for a second, intensifying the feeling, before slowly withdrawing it, developing a steady rhythm as she proceeded to bob her head. 

Out of the corner of my eye I noticed the blanket on top of the bed rising and falling in the middle. Not wanting her to stop, at first I said nothing, choosing instead to concentrate on the incredible sensations created by her moist lips and ever active tongue. But it simply burrowed into my mind, both aggravating in its perversity and stimulating in its raw eroticism. I made eye contact with Sarah, motioning towards the bed. A smile crept onto her face as she removed her hand from the base of my cock and arose from her knees. 
