 At the director's insistence, we spent a little more time that evening running through the scene in question, but it was clear to him that we had solved our problem. 

"I don't know what you did or how you fixed this," he said, tapping his pen against his clipboard, "and I don't really care. It looks great." With that, he walked to the back of the house, turned, smiled broadly, and said "lock up when you leave." And the door slammed behind him.

I took Vivian's hand, and we walked to the main door, locked it, and went to the green room, which had a couple of couches. I had plans for her. Turns out she had plans for me, first.

I took her in my arms and looked into her water blue eyes, then kissed her carefully but firmly. I had already taken her briefly before, but now I wanted to luxuriate in the experience.

Her hair, floating around her face, was a light brown pile of waves and reddish highlights, and I stroked it lightly before I took her face in my hands. She looked incredibly young and solemn. Then I kissed her again, a kiss which quickly became more passionate. I began to explore the curves of her body, searching and questing with hands and tongue. She started to breathe faster, and her hands grasped my shoulders tightly. Then, abruptly, she unwound me from her body and stepped back, eyes very bright. She was smiling slightly as she watched me watch her. And then she began to move.

Vivian started a very slow and very controlled dance. There was no music beside that noiseless tune she followed in her own mind, but she listened and her body moved. She tossed her hair back, swaying to the side, and cocked her hip, then released and began slow turns. As she turned, she traced her figure with her hands. I sat on the couch, rapt, and watched the show.

From the first time I saw her, I thought her body was incredible. Her breasts are smallish, 34B or so, but they are very well shaped. Her areolae are just slightly brownish pink, about the size of an old silver cartwheel coin, and her nipples stand out sharply when she is aroused. Her waist is small, and my hands can almost meet around it when I grasp her on either side. Consequently, her hips and ass, though not large at all, stand out in comparison. And her legs…oh my. And all of these treasures were mine, revealed in short increments as she moved. 

First, her blouse was unbuttoned, toyed with, and cast aside, then her skirt hit the floor. She stroked the sides of her tits, then popped them out of the top of her bra and lightly pinched her nipples. They crinkled up happily, sending a corresponding jolt to my cock, which was straining ferociously inside my Levi's. I moved things a bit, gaining a little more comfort as I sat and watched Vivian move. 

She ran her hand down inside her panties, fingers playing over her mound, and she shivered at one point as she obviously found her clit. She moved her hips against her hand in a short circle, then stopped after a moment, carefully tracing her side with her moisture.

Then she spun around and bent over, displaying her tight and shapely bottom while unclasping her bra. She pulled the bra off, letting her tits hang, then stood and turned, letting her breasts sway and move. She started to walk to me, then stopped, took the wispy panties in both hands, and pulled them down from her hips to her feet and stepped out of them. And she walked over to me.

She leaned down to kiss me, and I took her ass in my hands. When she stood back up and put her hands on my shoulders, I traced her navel with my tongue, and worked my way slowly lower to her shaved pussy. She moved her legs apart slightly more and I licked lightly around her upper thighs, then widened them again as I traced the soft skin around her cunt.

She gasped as I took her labia in between my lips and flicked against it. She began to move against my face, trying to get her pussy into as much contact with my tongue as possible. She tasted musky and sweet, and she ran her hands through my hair as I explored her. Her breathing picked up, and when I felt up her body and found her nipples with my fingers, they were tightly, almost painfully crinkled. I played with them, and she gasped and moved her hips even more sharply against my mouth.

"Oh my God," she whimpered, "what are you doing to me? Oh, oh..oh God, I'm going to ..I'm going…Jake! Jake!" She cried out, and pushed her pussy to me harder as I licked her engorged clit.

And then I stopped. She stood there for a moment, gasping for breath. I moved back slightly and looked up at her. She looked at me, wild-eyed, and then dropped to her knees and began tearing at my pants. "Help me, Jake," she said, undoing my belt and unzipping the front. "Lift up your hips." I did, and she yanked them off with all the skill of a registered nurse, then peeled my boxers with similar speed. I pulled my shirt over my head without bothering to unbutton it, and we were both bare in seconds. And then, all at once she was astride my lap and I was inside her tight little box. 

She moved up and down, beginning slowly, dragging her tits across my chest and over my mouth. She got a nipple into my mouth, and I lightly licked, then sucked it, which made her start to bounce up and down quickly on my cock.

My crotch was being drenched with her juices, and she fastened her lips onto mine, tasting herself on me, licking herself off of me. I grasped her ass with both hands, got one of my fingers soaking wet from her pussy, and then found her tight little sphincter. I traced around it, then plunged my finger inside her. She squealed against my mouth, and she started to cum violently. She plunged up and down, smacking her thighs against my own like hands clapping, and then started to move spasmodically. She pulled her mouth free from mine, and with a series of falsetto "huhhh's," exploded. 

After a moment, she curled around me like a kitten, my cock still hard as a rock inside of her, twitching. "Give me a moment," she said, lightly kissing my neck. She caught her breath, dismounted, then slid down between my legs and took my cock in her hands.

She lightly licked the tip, making me shudder, and smiled, looking me in the eyes.

And then she began to play me like a fine concert piano. Using fingers, lips and tongue, she spent the next what seemed like an eternity bringing me to the brink of explosion, then pulling back. She apparently paid close attention to when I started to swell up prepatory to cumming, and she would stop, letting me twitch and moan. Finally, when I could not tell where this joyous agony stopped and the cumming started, she took me deep within her throat and started to swallow. She gagged slightly, then settled into a rythmn which let her throat muscles play over my dick like ticklish little feathers. And suddenly I burst, feeling my hips shoot up quickly, as she swallowed furiously. A moment later, I was spent, and we were lying on the couch, holding each other.

After a timeless interval, I glanced at my watch, then became alarmed when I noticed that it was 10:30. We got dressed quickly, ran out to my car, and I drove like a semi-drunken fool. But we got her back before curfew, and we kissed for a moment in the car before she went in.

The remaining time before "Bus Stop" opened was a blur. There were sets to be built, rehearsals to attend, and publicity to attend to. All of these things conspired to steal time away from me and my co-star (now lover). Additionally, there was the problem of her curfew at the halfway house. And, good God, there was still class to attend. As you can see, things were a little frantic.

The problem with Vivian I attended to the next morning. One of the many advantages to being an actor (particularly one who has worked within a community for a good many years) is that you get to meet everyone important at one time or another. I had been acting in town for three years in college, and had gone to high school there, also. When you add in the fact that my father had been a state representative for six terms (until he started voting as he damn well pleased and found that the public didn't like it one little bit), I am actually politically well-connected. I placed a call to a family friend, a local magistrate, who said he'd talk to us about Vivian's case. We met, and he talked to her at length. Apparently he believed her as I had, because he began working through the list of his friends. Two days later, her sentence was administratively halfed (which meant she had only about a month left) and her curfew was extended to 1:00 AM.

She and I started to steal time together in the late afternoon while helping to build sets. We would work like dogs for an hour or so, then vanish into the caverns of our old theatre building, picking up where we left off before. 

We would go to the costume storage rooms and get into period outfits, then screw like rabbits. I particularly liked it when she got into an Elizabethan dress, full corset with boobies bulging upwards to the point of popping her nips out. I wore a satin outfit with cape, form-fitted vest and frilled sleeves, and tights with a cod-piece. A cod-piece, to the uninformed, is a buttoned pouch that holds the family jewelry. I bent Viv over a table, pulling her skirt and hoops up to reveal her bare little bottom. I sank to my knees, pulled her legs apart, and went to work on her pussy with fingers and tongue. Bent over as she was and wearing cumbersome clothing, there was nowhere she could go and nothing much she could do besides stay there and let me have my wicked way with her. And, oh my, I did. 

When I built her to a fever pitch and she was literally wet down almost to her knees, I stood, dropped my codpiece, and rogered the living hell out of her while she whooped with pleasure. All things considered, it was a damned good thing that the storage rooms were a) in the basement, and b) far away from pretty much everything else that was commonly in use. We had a fair amount of privacy and took advantage of it.

All of which leads us naturally to what actually happened during the run of the show, and where we are today. And, yes, we are still a we. But there's much more to tell.