 "The fundamental problem with all men is that they are fucking idiots." Staff Sergeant Cooley said bluntly before taking a sip of her coffee. "What compounds the problem is that some of them are so fucking indispensable - I mean we simply could not do the things we do here without them. You must have seen this in your unit before; if you want something carried up a hill or some jihadi strangled to death then there is no way I am messing up my perfect nails to do that."

Jen looked at the Staff Sergeant's nails, they WERE perfect. Far more so than any other soldier she had seen. They were not garishly red, or unusually long, but they were immaculate. Jen took in the rest of this soldier. Her hair was up in a bun, as per regulations, but it had been expensively coloured and looked shiny and healthy in comparison to Jen's which frankly could do with some professional care after 6 months in Afghanistan. Cooley also smelt different - a perfume Jen could not identify but knew immediately was not available in Boots. She was wearing little diamond earrings which caught the lights from behind the counter in the coffee shop they had gone to. She carried herself differently as well. Normally in the Commanding Officer's office, he was king. But when Corporal Jen Upper had been marched in to see him after she had been found with her lips wrapped round the dick of a Captain and his cum leaking out of her, rather than bust her, the CO had deferred to this Staff Sergeant and had simply asked Jen to go have a coffee with her.

"Staff, what is this all about. Something is not adding up." Jen said as boldly as she could. She was slightly put out when Cooley did not even seem to notice and carried on with her dissection of gender politics in the British Army.

"You see Jen, no matter how professional a man is, and trust me, the best in the world work for us; he is still a slave to his dick. In 1995 a joint MI6 and SBS operation in the Balkans went down the pan when it turned out that the Sergeant running the show was fucking his local Serbian translator, and so was the MI6 boss. In 2003 a team working deep inside Iraq before the invasion effectively downed tools when they stumbled on a 'finishing school' for young women outside Baghdad and took up residence. When the next team dropped in it looked like the last days of Rome; a hareem of Arab girls for every soldier. In Columbia, a bodyguarding team we sent to look after their Minister for Drug Eradication was kicked out of the country when two of the them were found stuffed inside the Minister's eighteen year old daughter. Since the Chinese started stepping up their espionage efforts inside the UK there is a beautiful, doe eyed, Asian honeypot in every pub within 20 miles of Stirling Lines. We know this, the lads know this, but they still go out, bring them back to camp and run through them like this is a lads holiday to Phuket."

Jen was not at all sure where this was going but she had a brief fantasy about what it would be like to be taken by two men at once - especially at such an innocent age, what an experience that must be. Pulling her attention back to the room, she still was not getting any closer to the answers she wanted.

"Staff, what does any of this have to do with me?" She said, more pleadingly this time.

"How do you help the Army, Jen?

"Well I'm a medic. I look after the guys when they are hurt."

"Anything else?"

"I suppose I look after their health all the time. I make sure they don't get unnecessarily injured, or sick. I keep them healthy."

Cooley's voice went very low and steady. "Well Jen, I do something very similar. I protect my Regiment, who in turn protect my Country. I make sure that those who carry the heaviest burdens get the most support. I protect them from themselves and others."

Jen stared at her blankly, waiting for any indication of what the hell she was talking about.

Staff Sergeant Cooley's face broke into a smile. "I also suck quite a lot of cock. You know, professionally." Jen took a much bigger swallow of coffee than she meant and burnt her tongue. She looked hard at Cooley, trying to decide if this was some kind of a joke, but before she could ask a question, the Staff Sergeant continued. "Since we formed F Troop and started giving the guys what they want whenever they want it, there has been a huge drop in the number of dramas caused by soldiers and their dicks. Our security is tighter, our operational output higher and our retention of the best operators is better.

"So, you sleep with them? Like a prostitute?" Asked Jen, trying to not freak out about the whole thing as her brain clunked the gears.

"If you wanted to call me a whore I would have a hard time arguing against that logically." Replied Cooley, "But I prefer to think of myself like a loving wife who makes sure all of my husband's needs are met so he doesn't stray. It just so happens that I have several husbands and they take a lot of satisfaction."

"But how can you do this, you're a soldier like me?" asked Jen, wondering again why this woman had come all this way to see her.

"I thought the same thing when I was offered the job but believe me, honey, this is no hardship posting. I am on SF pay which is much more generous than what you are used to. I work three weeks on, one week off. I have allowances that cover all sorts of sundry items," she said, brushing her earrings with her fingers. "I genuinely help UK security; you should see some of the stuff that gets done there, and most of all I enjoy it. I am not a slave, I am not abused, I have amazing sex with amazing men and no one gets hurt. I think you're going to love it."

Jen had known it was coming but still felt her eyes widen in surprise. "I, err, I..." She managed to mumble.

"You come and work for me, we'll put this mess with Captain Farnham behind you. You will have an experience like no other and help your country some as well. If you go back to the CO's office they will take your rank, you might lose your clearance as a medic and you'll end up re-trading as a clerk or some shit. I was in your exact shoes not that long ago and I regret nothing." What do you say?" Cooley grinned at her. Jen could see how she kept the soldiers on the straight and narrow with a dazzling smile like that. 

Jen weighed her options. They all seemed bad, but this was at least interesting and Jen always chose to travel the road that would lead to the best stories...

"Fuck it." She said.

_____________________________________________

A week later Jen was in the clothing stores of her new barracks in Wales having moved the small amount of baggage that made up her life. Staff Sergeant Cooley had met her at the main gate and insisted that down here it was first names only and she should call her Michelle. She also introduced her to Lauren, a girl from the team that had been picked to help settle her in, who she warmed to immediately. A day of interviews had been the first hurdle covering everything from her thoughts on ISIS to the number of sexual partners she had had. She had blushed as she had spilled every detail of her sex life to an apparently uncaring woman in a dark suit. Lauren sat in the corner of the room listening intently throughout although Jen could think of no good reason for this. When she explained how she had been caught fucking Captain Farnham in the back of a truck; (the reason she was here) Lauren had mimed fanning the heat from her face and mouthed the word 'HOT' to Jen, along with a big smile, which made her feel a bit better about things. On the way out Lauren had put her arm around Jen's shoulders and explained "I always sit in on those interviews when I can. You never know when you'll learn a new trick. I am definitely adding your 'face down, arse up' offer of sex to my repertoire!" Jen had blushed harder, partly at the words but partly at the memory of Andy gripping her hips and feeding his cock into her.

Now she was in the stores she realised that things were going to be very different here. She learned that they would still wear uniform, but that it was...embellished. The normally gender destroying combats were hand tailored to her measurements giving her some of her curves back. Under the combats, it was expected that she would be decked out in beautiful lingerie, exotic scents and expensive jewellery. While she was going along the counter, filling a holdall with her new tailored uniforms, a starter pack of exotic underwear and a bag full of toys, lubes, restraints and whip; Lauren had dropped a very realistic strap-on dildo in on top "Just in case." 

At the end of the counter she signed for a jet-black credit card with only a number on the front. "For sundry items." Lauren had said practically winking as she spun the tennis bracelet on her wrist. 

As they were about to leave the store a woman in a smart skirt and blouse came in, smiled at Lauren then caught the attention of the man behind the counter. When he came over she produced a Glock pistol as if by magic from some fold in her clothing or recess in her body.

"I want the thinner grip, Jim." She said, ejecting the magazine and proving the weapon was empty before she handed it over. "I don't have big hands so that is too much girth for me, but it's also a nightmare if I need to carry it at the beach." she said without any apparent humour.

"No problem, Gemma. I'll order them in."

As Jen and Lauren walked outside Lauren learned in and whispered "That's Gemma from the Operations Troop. They work out of the other end of camp. You don't want to get involved in that game - they actually work for their money. They're known on camp as 'The Bond Girls' which they quite like but they are not so fond of 'Honeypot Hitmen' which is closer to the truth."

_________________________________________

Later that night Jen had her first job. It didn't seem excessively difficult, she was sat in the Sergeants' Mess beside a handsome and entertaining man, at a table full of other handsome and entertaining men and the glamorously dressed girls from her troop. The food was good, the wine was abundant and the thought that she was technically working was far from her mind.

After the main course one of the soldiers on the top table banged a gavel and announced there would be a 'ladies comfort break' for 15 minutes. Jen was familiar with the idea so retired to the toilet with the other girls who all giggled in a tipsy way and told stories about what their dates had been doing during the meal. Jen was slightly shocked to find out that the flushed red faces of the girls was not entirely due to the wine and in fact two of the girls had been fingered to orgasm under the table during the meal. The two lucky girls laughed uproariously at Jen's slightly shocked face and reminded her that she "wasn't in the Girl Guides now!" Although, when she thought about it, the first time Jen had been brought to orgasm by a boy she had indeed been a Girl Guide so maybe it was an inaccurate comparison. 

As they took their seats and re-joined the men Jen snuck a longer glance at the man next to her. His name was Martin and he was new to the Regiment. So new in fact that this was his first dinner - she had been paired up with him because it was also hers. He was good looking in a rustic sort of way and he was confident but not arrogant which made small talk a breeze. Despite this a knot appeared in her stomach when she thought that she was forced to think about what was still to come by the sight of the man sitting opposite her slipping his hand under the table as the desert arrived. She would have missed it before but now that she knew what kind of things were going on she watched more closely. The man's hand slipped into Lauren's lap and Jen imagined she could see his hand hitching up her dress until he had access to the flesh underneath. Lauren made eye contact with Jen and parted her lips slightly as the man's fingers got to work on her - it was clear that despite the rules about expensive lingerie, Lauren did not bother with underwear.

Suddenly the gavel banged again and another comfort break was announced, this one 'for the gentlemen.' This time instead of standing up and heading for the door, each of the girls slipped off their chair and under their table. After a second a slim hand reappeared at Laura's place setting and felt around until it found her wine glass and then retreated back under the table with her prize. 

Jen had known it was coming but the knot of nervousness grew in her stomach regardless. Still, she had never lacked courage so she leant over, kissed the side of Martin's neck and then slid under the table. The sight from the other side of the tablecloth was quite something. Each of the girls was kneeling in front of her date and working their flies down. Some of the girls had already freed the cocks from their prisons and were starting extravagant blow jobs. The girl closest to Jen was obviously a real pro at this as she had already got hold of her target, wrapped her lips around one of the lucky guy's balls and was sucking and licking enthusiastically as the shaft that was laid up her face and over one eye built up in length, strength and girth. On the opposite side of the table, Jen could see Lauren kneeling down, facing away from her, head bobbing in her date's lap. What caught the eye though was that Laura's dress was still bunched up around her waist and her bare, glistening pussy was fully on display. Jen took a moment to wonder what would happen if she crawled over to her new friend and licked at her wet spot. She was a bit surprised at the strength of desire this thought stirred in her previously very hetero loins. Not now, she thought.

Turning to the task at hand she crawled to Martin's lap and with shaky hands undid his flies, reaching in through the gap. The performer to her left was still cradling a pair of balls in one hand, licking wetly at them while her other hand pumped firmly on the shaft as it swelled. Jen realised she would not have any issues with hardness as her hand met the smooth, hot skin of Martin's very hard cock and pulled it free. Thick, heavy and very long, Jen looked at the meat in her hand for a second before leaning forward and planting a firm kiss on the underside of the head. The dick twitched and Martin's thighs spasmed, Jen smiled to herself - nerves or no nerves she still knew exactly what she was doing. 

Relaxing slightly, she licked her lips, pulled the dick towards her mouth and slipped her lips over the head, making the tightest 'O' shape she could. As she heard a sigh from above the tablecloth she drew her head back slowly, feeling the ridge of his helmet in her mouth. Still keeping her movements as slow as she could, Jen pushed her mouth back down and then back up, tasting a salty tang from the eye of his cock which satisfied her that she was on the right track. Happy to keep things slow for the time being she slipped her mouth off Martin's cock and used the slippery spit on the head as lube while she rubbed his dick with her hand.

Jen looked over at her neighbour and watched her effortlessly swallow a dick down to the balls, bouncing her head lightly while her lips formed a perfect seal around the base. After holding her head down for an impossibly long time, the girl disgorged the dick slowly, drawing trails of spit between his cock and her tongue.

Still stroking Martin's shaft, Jen turned further and looked behind her to see Lauren's head bouncing furiously in the lap of her date, her pussy still lewdly on display but now with two of her fingers wedged inside it. Jen could see the moisture on them as they slipped in and out of that pretty, pink pussy. The pang of lust returned to Jen and she once again wondered why she should suddenly be thinking of other girls in a way she never had before.

A groan to her side brought her attention round in time to see the cock-sucker extraordinaire pull firmly on her man's balls, point his dick at her outstretched tongue and pump sticky streams of spunk into her mouth. A loud swallow and a lick of the lips told Jen exactly where the load had ended up. The girl then turned and winked at Jen before once again sucking on the cock in front of her. Once it was suitably cleaned up the girl tucked it away in the man's trousers and slipped back up to sit next to her partner. Almost immediately she saw his hand come back under the table cloth and start rubbing the area between her legs.

With a buzzing clit from the filthy display she had just witnessed, Jen resolved to emulate the performance she had just seen and plunged her head down on Martin's straining cock. Unfortunately she misjudged the length of the thing and as it bumped against the back of her throat she gagged violently, backed off, harshly scraping her teeth up the sensitive underside of his dick and then loudly hit her head on the table above her. With tears of embarrassment forming in her eyes, Jen fought her way clear of the table cloth, tried not to catch anyone's eyes (especially Martin's) and hurried from the room.

She locked herself in the ladies' toilet and tried to regain her composure. She had never felt so stupid. She had come here to avoid a similar situation to the one she now found herself in. It took a long time but eventually she knew what she had to do.

______________________________________________________________________________

The dinner was long over by the time she emerged from the bathroom. She took a minute to sort her make up in the mirror and then set off on her task. She looked into the bar but could not see Martin, she checked the smoking area outside (although he had not tasted like he had been a smoker) and she searched the small groups of people in conversation still in the dining room. Satisfying herself that he was not downstairs she headed up to the accommodation floors, trawling down the corridors, looking at the name tags on each room until she found his room. Summoning her courage, she smoothed her dress, tugged the neckline down to show a little more cleavage and then knocked quietly on the door.

After a few seconds the door opened and Martin was stood in front of her, obviously fresh from the shower with a towel wrapped round his waist. When he saw who it was he looked concerned rather than angry and Jen was sure she had made the right decision to come here.

"Hi," he said simply. "Are you ok? I wanted to speak to you after dinner but I couldn't find you. I certainly didn't expect you would be the one tracking me down."

"I'm fine," she replied with an attempt at a smile, "I really wanted to apologise about earlier, about everything... Can I come in to explain?" Jen's eyes drifted downwards as she trailed off but she fixed him with a stare at the end.

"Sure, as long as you don't mind the state I am in?" Martin gestured to the towel around his waist. Jen ignored that and looked at the defined abs and broad chest above it. She had planned to be open and honest with Martin. To tell him that she had just arrived, that she was not yet comfortable with the idea of being a kept woman, that she had never been as brazen about sex before. She was also going to tell him that she was sorry she had bit his dick, sorry she had embarrassed him in front of everyone, sorry he was the only guy who hadn't got to climax. Jen decided she could tell him all that later.

"Fuck it." Jen whispered. She pushed him firmly in the centre of the chest, guiding him back into his room and towards the bed. She swung the door shut with her heel and gave him a shove that landed him on the bed, the towel slipping from his waist as he fell. He lay back on the bed looking happily back up at her as she slipped her dress from her shoulders and let it slip to the floor. She stepped clear of the puddle of silk and cocked her hip. She looked breath-taking in the soft light of the bedside lamp. Her hair was still piled up on her head. Her large, round breasts were supported and pushed together by her black lace bra. Her flat stomach was smooth and soft looking but flared to wide hips which held up a small black lace thong. Her long, strong legs stood upon her high heels. She felt confident, aggressive and very turned on.
