 And I just realized I don't know how to start this story! 

I guess I should introduce myself. My name is Trina (at least that's what everyone calls me). I'm 20, I'm a college student (polysci) and I work part-time as a waitress. That last part is important because that's where I met him. 

The restaurant I work at is a small ethnic place owned by a married couple who also work there. He cooks, and she manages and does the books. It is very much a family place. I think the only reason I got hired is that their daughters also go to college (one out of state) so they only work there when they have the time. 

A restaurant like this is going to have its regulars, people who are more like family than like customers. You know, the ones who go directly to the kitchen to greet everyone, get their own drinks, I've even seen some of them cook some of their own meal and run their own credit card when things were busy!

Anyway, he was one of the regulars. 

I met him my first day of work. It was a Saturday (he always comes in on Saturday). I noticed him the second he walked in the door. 

There was just something about him. Jane, one of the daughters, was showing my how to use the register when he walked in. "That's Paul," she said. "He's a regular. You'll like him, he's really nice." And I guess that's it, really. He was just a really nice guy. He always smiled at me and that always made me feel good. 

He was in his mid-30s, had longish hair and a beard which he kept trim, and nice hazel eyes, and always that smile. He wasn't exactly movie-star attractive, but he was far from bad looking.

His girlfriend, on the other hand, was STUNNING. 

She was everything I wanted to be. Instead of my plain brown hair, hers was a golden brown. Her eyes were a beautiful green to my, again, plain brown. Now I don't think I'm bad looking, I've even been called "cute" but I think what people really mean by that is "skinny" and "athletic" (I used to run track and I'm kind of addicted to yoga), but I'd kill to have boobs like she did. I know, some people say that A-cups are fine and yeah, they are, but... sometimes I'd just like to have something more... you know... eye catching. 

Dana definitely had eye catching. And usually on display. I swear sometimes it seemed like she had all that cleavage going just to tease me, but it's more likely that she did it for him. He wouldn't even pretend not to look. And he somehow managed to make it not seem creepy! Jane told me that they had been together for years, but they were still obviously crazy about each other. All the hand holding and eye contact and all that. Very obviously in love. 

Now there's nothing wrong with a little fantasy, but I never seriously, not even for a second, thought that we'd ever do more than just talk at the restaurant. But we did. And oh his voice. His voice just made me melt. He had a way of saying the most mundane things and having them sound sexy. He could say "Hey Trina, when you have a second could we get an extra napkin? No rush at all" and it'd make my heart flutter just a little bit.

I'm going to talk a bit more about myself for a second. I was single at the time, and, well. I've had sex before, not a lot or anything, and while it was nice and fun and all that it was never the fireworks-mint-exploding thing that movies, TV and magazines had lead me to believe (damn you, media!) so I was content to be single and take care of things on my own using my, uh, battery operated little friends. After a long day of school/work it's a nice relaxing way to unwind. I never thought about it as something vital... until those couple of weeks where I just couldn't find the time. 

This was the end of the semester where ALL my classes ended up being a lo harder than I thought, which required a lot of extra research and study time, most of which was away from home. To top that off I had signed up to a few too many shifts at work and I just really didn't want to let anyone down. 

One of the nice things about this restaurant was that the owners actually lived in the basement. And because their daughters were going to college, and were occasionally stopping in before, after or in the middle of school, they had set up a little nap area that I could use, too. When things were quiet enough at the restaurant I could go down for a power-nap, or have a quiet place to study for a while. They'd often shoo me off downstairs and said they'd come get me if things got too busy. Always work for small mom-and-pop places, kids. Especially if they are actually a mom and a pop!

During the last two weeks of the semester, I'd have probably gone insane if it wasn't for that. 

And even with the nap room, I'd just get home exhausted and just fall asleep. And I'd sleep like a log. I'd wake up refreshed and in a hurry and, honestly, a little bit more horny every day. 

Finally the last day of the semester arrived. As every day in the past two weeks, the snooze button was my arch enemy so I'd finally drag myself out of bed with no time for personal fun at all. 

I had a whole bunch of tests that day. I thought I'd have an hour or two between school and work, but some of those tests just took a lot longer than I'd expected, and then I hit crazy traffic, so when I finally got home it was all I could do to change clothes and run. 

I did sneak a small look at my battery operated friends. It had been two weeks, after all. I could probably get myself off in no time flat, I thought, probably wouldn't even be VERY late to work, in fact I'm almost getting off just THINKING about it. But then I figured that I'd waited two weeks, I can wait another few hours. I'd rather just not be rushed. Yeah, I could get myself off in no time flat but I didn't think just one quickie would do at this point. 

I resolved to save play-time for later. 

And to pick up some batteries on the way home just in case. 

I got to work and things were a bit busy which you'd think would keep my mind off things. Normally it would. I don't now why but I think that evening was the horniest I'd ever been in my entire life. I was taking people's orders, bringing food, clearing plates, running credit cards and half my brain was thinking about lying in bed with the lights low and quiet music that works well with a low-level buzzzzz between my legs. 

And then Paul and Dana came in.

I didn't see them. I was cleaning up a newly-vacated table so my back was to the door, but as he walked by he said "Hi Trina" and did a kind of hand-on-the-shoulder greeting. Which is fine, but when he moved away his fingers kind of slid down my arm and I just almost fainted. 

That touch was all that it took to kick my already high horniness levels into overdrive. 

I brought them some water and menus (a mere formality in their case) and he looked right in my eyes, and he smiled, and I think he said "Thanks, Trina" but I heard "you look like you could use a good, hard fuck, Trina" and my knees turned to jelly. 

I somehow made it back to the register. Things had quieted down a bit so I told Jane I have a headache and asked if she minds if I go lie down for a bit. 

I know what you're thinking, but no, I was not about to get myself off at work. I don't care how horny I am, I don't care how secluded that room is, I just couldn't do that. My plan was to go to the little nap room, close the door and do some nice relaxing yoga for a bit. Surely that would get my mind off Paul. And sex. And sex with Paul. And Paul burying his head between my thighs and eating me out and I wonder what his beard would feel like between my legs and oh my god it just wasn't working. 

And then the door opened, and Paul was there, and he said "Hi Trina. I think you need my help."

I managed a "Wh...." and he moved closer so he was standing in front of me. I was sitting on the floor and he reached down, held my hands and pulled me up. I didn't know what to say. I didn't know what to do. I did know what I wanted, and that was for Paul to put his hands on my waist, pull me close and kiss me very gently.

Paul put his hands on my waist, pulled me close and kissed me very gently.

Have you ever got naked and wrapped yourself in velvet? Me neither, but I know what it feels like.

And then I remembered Dana. "Don't worry," Dana said from the doorway. "You're in good hands, sweetheart." then she left and closed the door behind her. 

I looked at Paul. He looked at me. His eyes took me apart and put me back together fifteen different ways. I needed him to move his hand up my back, hold the back of my head and kiss me hard. He smiled, moved his hand up my back, held the back of my head and kissed me hard. The velvet I was wrapped in exploded in a bright flash behind my closed eyes. 

And I thought I was horny before. I know this is corny but my panties were drenched, I was just so wet and ready and... 

I wanted, no, I needed Paul to just spin me around, take my pants down, lean me over...

Paul spun me around, pulled my pants down and lean me over the bed. There was a slight pause as his pants came off, and then I felt his cock about to enter my cunt.

Now I don't like that word very much. I'm ok with vagina or 'lady parts' or even pussy. But right then, at that moment in time, it was a cunt. And I needed his cock in it. 

Paul's hands were on my ass. His cock was about to be inside me. I was literally dripping. I wanted it, I needed it, I would have it. And he gave it to me. 

He rammed right into me, hard. Oh god. His cock was perfect. He was all the way in, I could feel it, and I could feel it just... fitting in perfectly. I gasped, or yelled,or something, I'm not sure. He kept pounding into me, his hands grabbing my ass. I'd never been fucked like that (or really with any kind of originality before) and I was loving it. I kind of wanted him to...

...with one of his hands, Paul reached up and grabbed my hair. He kept pounding and he pulled my hair, not very hard but just enough for me to feel it. It didn't take long, I pretty much came right then.

But he didn't stop. Which was good. You know how I said before that a quickie just wouldn't do? Turns our I was right, and turns out that it wouldn't do for him, either. 

I wanted him to, and he pulled out. I sat down on the bed and he knelt down and started eating my pussy (see? Now it's a pussy again). 

I'd never really been eaten out before. One guy tried it once but he seemed... intimidated. Paul was not intimidated. Paul knew exactly what he was doing. Paul knew where to put his lips, and what to do with his tongue, to make my pussy feel good. He knew where my clit was, and he knew to lick around it, and to suck on my lips, and to OH MY GOD stick his tongue deep inside me, and maybe then OH GOD gently lick my clit and then oh god oh god oh GOD lick it faster and harder and faster and faster and then suck on it OOOOH GOOOOOOD!!! and then he knew to slow down and OH GOOD GOD ALMIGHTLY do it AGAIN. 

And that was all before his fingers were inside me, and it kind of makes me want to drop polysci and take up something with a focus on anatomy because I sure would like to know what he was doing in there that made me have all those orgasms and just make me want MORE.

I wanted him to fuck me again. I pulled my shirt off. I pulled his shirt off. He lay me down on the bed, got on top of me and... kissed me. Very gently. He just kissed me and ran his hand gently on my cheek. Then he brought his cock into me, slowly and gently. Somehow he was making that and the kissing work together like they were both parts of the same thing. He took his time - it was almost a full minute before he was all the way in. 

I think I came a little bit from that. 

Then he started moving faster, and kissing faster. His hands were at my side, and he started kissing down my neck while fucking me. He kissed lower - I wanted him to kiss lower - until he was kissing my breasts. My seemingly unimpressive a-cups which were now sporting fairly impressive hard nipples, one of which was shortly in his mouth. Oh GOD it felt good to have someone pay attention to my tits. While he was licking and sucking one, his hand moved over and cupped the other. I guess one nice thing about a-cups is he could easily cover my entire tit with his hand. I wrapped my legs around him and came again and still wanted more. I wanted... I wanted...

...while still fucking me, he put his hands under me and rolled me over so I was on top of him. 

Oh my GOD, I didn't think he could feel any deeper inside me, but he did. I leaned forward so my hair fell over his face. He ran his hands up my back, and pulled me close, and I kissed him. He ran his hands down my back and grabbed my ass and pulled me toward him. Mmmm. I slid myself up and down his cock. I kissed him and I moaned and I said "that feels wonderful." 

He smiled and said "That's what I'm here for, sweetheart," and reached one of his hands around and squeezed one of my breasts. 

I rode him for a while. I enjoyed setting the pace, going from slow to fast and then slow again, trying different angles and being very, very happy that I'm a yoga addict. He showed me that I could lie right down on top of him and have him trust into me, or that I could lean all the way back and have him finger my clit. 

I didn't realize I but the string of small orgasms had stopped several minutes ago. I started realizing that a big one was slowly building up.

He knew it, too. 

While I was still on top of him, he sat up. We were facing each other, my legs wrapped around him and his under me. We were face-to-face, looking in each other's eyes and holding each other close. We weren't moving, but I felt it, I felt his cock inside me, I could feel every contour of his cock inside every contour of my pussy. He looked in my eyes, and he was part of me. 

He gently rocked me back and forth. We were barely moving, but it was enough. It was just enough. It was exactly enough. He knew what I needed, and he knew how to give it to me. I don't know how long we did that for. It felt like we were there since time begun and would be there till time ended. I didn't know where this was going but I don't think "orgasm" is even the right word. 

When it finally happened, it was... it was... 

People describe orgasms as "explosive" a lot. This was... implosive. 

There weren't fireworks. Instead, it felt like the every planet, every star, every galaxy, all came crashing into my body. 

I don't know if I screamed. I must have screamed. I couldn't hear myself over the sound of the universe running through me. 

When the room rematerialized around me, we were still sitting together. He was still inside me, I could still feel every bit of his cock. I suddenly realized that though all this, he hadn't actually got off. That seemed strange, and I was going to ask about it but I new he would say...

"This was for you, Trina. It's not about me." 

"I know," I said, "but... I know I can't give you what you just gave me, but can't I give you, you know... something?"

He smiled. "I got as much out of this as you did, sweetheart. Seeing you feel that way is what I enjoy."

"But you didn't get off!" I said. It just seemed so strange! The limited amount of boys I'd been with before seemed to value themselves getting off over anything else in he world.

"I don't need to get off," he said, "really, getting YOU off is what gets me off."

"But you would still enjoy actually getting off, right?" I asked. 

"Of course, but..." he said,as I lifted myself off him. I looked down. Funny thing, this was the first time I'd actually seen his cock. "So that's what the cock that did all those things to me looks like," I said. "You know what I think?" 

"What's what?" he asked, smiling.

"I think I like it," I said. "I think I want to put it in my mouth."

"Trina, you really don't ooooooooooooo," he said as I slid my lips over the head of his dick, and licked it lightly, "...but I guess, oooo, if you, uuuhhhhhh, want to...."

I did. I wanted to. I never wanted a cock in my mouth before. I never really knew what to DO with one in my mouth, but now somehow I did. "Stand up in front of me," I said. 

He did. Sitting on the bed, I was at exactly the right level. I wrapped my hand around his shaft. I took him into my mouth and started sucking, while gently stroking it with my hand. He was making quite contented "mmmmmmmm" noises. As I kept sucking and his cock got wetter, I was able to stroke faster. He started moaning faster in response.

I started moving my head back and forth faster. I found that I was getting a lot more of him in my mouth than I thought I could. I'd never really tried before! I wondered how much of him I could take. I'd heard of deep-throating, mostly from juvenile college guys, but I couldn't possibly take this entire massive thing in my mouth could I? 

And Paul said "Mmm, yes you can Trina, yes you can." 

And with that vote of confidence, I had to at least try. 

Paul put his hand on my head and grabbed my hair. He wasn't pulling, It was more a show of support... plus it turned me on a bit which helped. I moved my hands so they were on his butt, wrapped my lips around him and... relaxed, and pulled myself forward... and felt his cock slide down my throat, until he was all the way inside me. 

I could feel his legs shaking, and I heard him moan really loud, so moved back and then all the way down again. More moans! Then I held him deep in my throat and... and... I'm not sure what I did or how I knew to do it but I moved my tongue around and contracted my throat muscles around him and he let go of my hair and somehow managed to say "You... might... want... to... pull..... back!"

But I grabbed his cock with both my hands and gave it a few extra strokes as he said "OH. GOD. YES!" and see, this is why people refer to orgasms as explosions, since he exploded all over me. Nowadays I know I could handle that explosion in my throat, but I definitely wasn't ready for it then! He just came and came and came! My face, my boobs, my stomach... and you know something?... I liked it. 

And I don't care what he said before, I know he liked it. We both knew it.

And Dana, who had somehow snuck back into the room, knew it too.

"Wow," she said. "You are a natural."

"She really is," said Paul, still panting a bit. "She's definitely one of us."

"Wh?..." I asked. "One of us?? Who exactly is this 'us' we're talking about?"

But, obviously, I already knew.