 The day after Christmas was crisply cold and clear. My nipples were rock hard as I stood waiting for the train on the platform. The wind whipping around my exposed calves sent shivers up my legs and into my pussy. I stood in a daze savoring the memory of the intimate Christmas Eve spent with the delectable Brian. My nipples strained harder against my lacy bra just thinking of his large warm hands squeezing them, his lips smothering them with kisses. My pussy grew warm at the memory of his large, rigid cock pushing through them as I squeezed them tight around his rod. His cock, slick with both my saliva and my juices pushed between the soft warmth of my firm tits. His large, gleaming, purple head tantalizing my mouth as it came near. My tongue lashing out to encircle it and suck it before he pulled it away to make me beg for it. Then the sweet satisfaction of his hot cum soaking my face, my neck, my tits. My tongue darting to catch the rivulets of hot jiz, then sensuously rubbing what I could not capture into my soft, feverish skin.

I look up and the train is standing before me, doors agape. I scurry on board into the crush of commuters. Luckily, I find myself sandwiched between two very attractive people. Behind me, a distinguished businessman spoons his body to mine. I can imagine his cock growing beneath his overcoat as he leans into me and smells my freshly washed flaming red hair. I am pushed face to face with a dazzling brunette whose large breasts press firmly against my own. We smile seductively at each other and warm each other's chilled faces with our warm breath. Hers smells mildly of mint and I only wish I had the nerve to kiss her inviting lips.

Soon, however, my train has reached its stop and I squeeze out from between my two potential lovers. Another day perhaps, I think as I smile at them and exit the train. I walk the short two blocks to my office and enjoy another press of bodies on the elevator ride up to my office. In the opposite corner, I recognize Luis, who fucked me over the sink in a broom closet a couple of months back. He watches me hungrily as I exit on my floor. I glance at him sidelong and smile as I squeeze out of the packed car.


As always, I am the first to arrive. As receptionist, I have to unlock the doors and take the phones off night status. Soon, my colleagues begin to trickle in. They pleasantly greet me on their way in and we exchange small talk about our Christmas celebrations. At 9am sharp, as always, John Jacobs, our branch manager strides in purposefully. He rarely even gives me more than a pleasant nod as he whisks into his corner office, but today he stops at my desk and grins broadly.

"Good morning, Amanda. I trust you had a pleasant Christmas day?"

"It was very nice, thanks, Mr. Jacobs, but actually I celebrated the holiday on Christmas Eve. How about you?"

"We enjoyed a quiet Christmas at home, had a few of my relatives over, ate, drank, the usual."

"Everybody get everything they wanted?" I asked teasingly.

"The kids certainly did," he replied with a grin. "We spoil them shamefully. And now they're off with their mother to Boston to celebrate all over again with Emily's family."

"And you didn't go with them?"

"Couldn't, don't you know. I have a business to run as you know."

"And you do it so well, sir," I added. "Thank you again for the generous bonus."

"Oh, it's nothing dear. You deserve much more, considering the sacrifice you made to stay behind while everyone else left early on Christmas Eve. I meant it when I said I wanted to make it up to you. Would you grant me the privilege of escorting you to dinner tonight?"

"I would be honored, sir. Thank you."

"We shall depart at 5 sharp then, alright?" "Okay," I replied and down the hall he went. I admired his purposeful stride, strong thighs, and muscular ass, barely discernable through his finely tailored suit.

The hours passed at an excruciatingly slow rate. The day consisted mostly of repetitive phone calls and co-workers stopping by to belabor me with boring stories of how they celebrated Christmas, and what presents they got. Things perked up a little when my Christmas Eve lover, Brian, called from across the hall at 11:30. We engaged in a little telephone foreplay and reminiscences of our hot night together, then he asked me out to lunch. I gladly accepted and we escaped our boring offices for an hour. 

Brian and I went to Mike's Oyster Bar and fed each other oysters slathered in hot sauce. Beneath the table, we felt each other's sex. Poor Brian had to keep his achingly hard cock in his pants the whole time, but I was able to enjoy a little release when he slipped his hand behind my damp panties and fingered me. Our tongues passed hot raw oysters to each other's mouth and back and washed them down with cold beer while his fingers explored my slit and pressed on my hot little nubbin.

"Oh Brian," I breathed. "You have such talented fingers. I wish I could return the favor and suck you cock right here, baby."

"What are doing tonight, babe?"

"I'm sorry lover. I'm having dinner with my boss tonight."

We changed the subject and he got back to pleasuring me for the rest of our short time together. When we got back to the office, I gave his ass a quick parting squeeze and said, "Call me."

The afternoon was more prolonged torture. At least I had the slight diversion of phone sex with Brian in mid-afternoon to take my mind off the boredom.

The phone rang and I chirped cheerfully, "Happy Holidays from Amalgamated Software. This is Amanda. How may I help you?" 

"This is Mr. Studbury of Majestic Hardware." 

I laughed as I recognized Brian's voice.

"Being a software development company," he continued, "I was wondering if are you interested in hardware?"

"I am most definitely interested in hardware Mr., uh, Studbury."

"Well our newest model, the Brian Nine Inch Piston boasts upgraded Ram and extended maintenance."

"Sounds wonderful. I happen to have a gaping hole in my network right now and your product could fill the gap nicely."

We continued to spar wits playfully, and eventually he got quite a bit more graphic, which had my juices flowing freely. I described what I was doing to myself and felt sorry for him again. The poor guy couldn't very well whip out his cock and start pumping it in public even though I was able to quietly finger myself and enjoy my second orgasm of the afternoon. Shortly after our conversation ended, Brian asked someone to replace him so that he could use the bathroom. I watched him limp to the bathroom that our offices share, and giggled at the noticeable bulge in his left pant leg as he walked. He stayed in there a surprisingly long time before returning and threw me an exasperated look as he passed. The rest of the afternoon flew by, thank God, and soon, John appeared at my desk.

"Have you had a pleasant afternoon, Amanda?"

I spun in my chair, surprised, quickly removing my hand from my crotch and smiled brightly. "Very pleasant, sir," I replied.

Glancing at his watch, he asked, "Ready to go then?"

"Quite ready, sir."

"Excellent. My driver will be here momentarily."

He helped me on with my coat and said, "Please, call me John, or anything else you like, but not sir or Mr. Jacobs."

We left arm in arm and strode into the elevator. As our car descended, more and more people got on, pressing John closer and closer to me. I breathed in the aroma of his cologne as he pressed against me, our faces mere inches apart, our breath mingling. I felt a stirring in his pants and put him at ease when I reached up, pecked him on the lips, and said, "I'm really looking forward to this evening, John."

He escorted me to his waiting limo and an impressive black gentleman opened the rear door for us. We slid onto the black leather seats lit by soft blue neon lights that ran along the floor and ceiling.

"Comfortable, dear?" he asked. 

I looked around and replied, "Very."

The car pulled away and John offered me a drink. We toasted the coming evening with a glass of champagne and gazed into each other's eyes. I want this man, I thought.

"It's a little warm in here. Mind if I slip out of my coat?" I asked demurely. He helped me out of my mine, then shed his. I snuggled against him, our thighs lightly touching. "Much better," I purred.

Then he lowered his lips to mine and we kissed deeply. The taste of bubbly tingled our tongues as they swirled over each other. Without removing his warm mouth, he reached up and pressed a button, causing the window between our compartment and our driver's to go up. We sipped champagne, kissed some more and then his hand moved to my breast.

"Oh, yes, John," I moaned, "that feels good." He slid to the floor to face me and slowly began to unbutton my shirt. "It looks like your going to have some hors d'oeuvres before dinner. Mmmmm." His mouth sucked at my nipples through my bra. I unhooked it at the front and gave him a full, breathtaking view of my pleasure mounds.

"They're magnificent," he breathed hoarsely, then covered them with his hot mouth. I moaned in ecstasy as he devoured my tits, kissing them all over, sucking my hard nipples, softly biting them. "I want to taste your pussy," he said around a mouthful of soft tit. I signaled my assent by gently pushing his head down toward my moistening cunt. I lifted my ass off the warm leather seat as he pushed my skirt up around my waist and slid my panties off. Then he dove into his prize. "Mmmm," he groaned as he licked my slit up and down. He nuzzled his nose against my clit causing me to jump in the seat. "Your pussy tastes sweeter than I imagined," he mumbled as he licked my hot juices. Then he slowly inserted a finger into my cunt as he bore down on my swollen clit. I began to rock back and forth, meeting his strokes while he nibbled tortuously. He added a second finger and increased his pressure and speed. Soon I was bucking against his thrusts furiously and felt the welcoming throes of bliss envelop me.

"Oh John," I cried. "You eat pussy so well. Suck on clit you horny stud. Fuck me hard with your thick fingers. Oooh, you're gonna make me cum like this." He increased his speed and sucked harder on my clit. He pressed his nose hard against it and shook his face furiously. "Ohhhh God," I screamed. "You are fucking gooood. Ohhhh Yes, John. Make me cum. Ohhh YESSS!" And the waves of pleasure that I live for washed over me once again. I quivered and shook and gasped for air as he grunted and licked the hot juices my body issued over his face and tongue.

"Delicious!" he shouted over and over, barely intelligible since his face was pressed hard against my boiling snatch. He slowed down his feverish licking and slowly withdrew his fingers. I slumped against the soft leather seat in complete contentment. He lightly blew on my cunt, stirring the fine red pussy hairs, making me shiver as I returned to consciousness. I felt him gently sliding my panties back in place and slide back to my side. I hugged him close and kissed him deeply, savoring the taste of my delicious pussy juice on his tongue. He patted my pussy and hugged me to him.

"That's just for starters, darling," he whispered into my ear. "Here now let's get you dressed. We're almost there." I was practically delirious from the force of the orgasm John had given me, and was vaguely aware of him gathering my tits back into my bra and re-hooking it, then buttoning up my blouse. I couldn't speak but pulled him to me and kissed him fervently in reply. My passionate kiss quieted to a soft exploration of his lips, teeth and tongue. We remained entwined like this until we felt the car stop and the driver opened the door to allow us to exit.

I stepped out gracefully, though I don't know how considering that my legs felt like jelly. I grabbed John's arm tightly to hold myself up as we entered an exclusive French restaurant I had only read about.

"Good evening, Monsieur Jacobs," the handsome Maître d' greeted. "Your table awaits. The restaurant was softly lit and jazz lilted on the air. Delicious aromas made me salivate. We slid into a corner booth and scooted up close to each other. I watched John as if seeing him for the first time as he surveyed the wine list and made his choice. He turned to me to see me watching him intently and said, "I so much enjoyed the ride here, Amanda. Tell me, are you hungry?"

I softly massaged his thigh, rubbing his large cock trapped within his linen trousers and nodded, "I'm ravenous."

"Well, let us enjoy some savory food, satisfying wine, and stimulating conversation. Then, I promise my sweet, I will take you to my estate and we can continue our explorations of each other."

I smiled demurely, looked up at him and said, "I know what I want for dessert."

As quickly as good manners allowed, we finished our meal. We declined dessert and coffee and exited the romantic setting. Soon we were back in the car, fondling each other. "It's a good half-hour ride to my estate, darling," John reported. I immediately slid down in front of him and extracted his straining prick. It was perfectly formed. I love cocks that curve upward. It makes it easier to deep throat in a 69 position.

"I've been hoping for a raise, John. And now I finally have it." I proceeded to make love to his beautifully long and thick cock with my mouth. It was so long that I couldn't get it all into my mouth from this position. Later, I thought. For now, I slathered it in my hungry saliva. I followed every vein and ridge with my tongue, paying special attention to the bulbous head. I circled it with my tongue and sucked hard on the knob. Pre-cum oozed out of the tip and I savored the few drops he favored me with. I concentrated on the sensitive place beneath the head, flicking it with my tongue, causing him to jerk in his seat and moan.

"Suck it, Amanda. Yeah, just like that. Oh baby you are turning me on so much. Yeah, lick it. Suck it."

My only response was, "Mmmmmmm. Mmmmmm."

I wrapped my delicate hands around the base and slowly pumped it up and down. I raised my hands as I lowered my face and licked my own knuckles when they met halfway up the hard shaft, turning me on even more.

"Yes pump it, baby. Just like that. I'm getting harder and harder. Do you want me to cum in your mouth?"

I could only nod enthusiastically with my mouth full of gorgeous cock. "Yeah, baby. Cum in my mouth. Shoot your hot jism deep down my throat. I want your luscious sperm swimming in my belly, baby," I mumbled around his rod, but I doubt he could understand a word I said. No matter, I pumped and sucked, licked up and down, pumped and sucked some more, when he started to jerk uncontrollably and buck his hips towards me. "C'mon baby," I cried. "I know you're getting close. Shoot that hot cum of yours in my mouth!"

"Here it comes, you hot little slut, you. Ohhhhh. Ohhhhh!" He yanked my head down hard and spewed his spunk into my mouth. What a huge load it was. It kept pumping out, jet after jet. I licked and swallowed furiously to drink it all down. Then I licked his cock and balls of every last drop. At last, I laid my head in his lap and kissed his beautiful cock as it deflated. I blew softly on it as he had done to my cunt earlier. He twitched and spasmed at the sensation and gently stroked my hair.

"Oh Amanda, that was incredible. I can't wait to get you home."

I licked a lingering drop of cum from the tip of his cock and whispered. "John, that was a heavenly dessert. Your cum tastes fabulous. I can't wait to get to your house either."

We rested in blissful silence for the remainder of the ride, my head in John's lap, occasionally licking the tip and softly sucking on the head. He was quickly recovering and I lay there marveling at the beauty of his cock as it grew with each pulse, slowing filling and growing, becoming tall, strong and powerful.

"Oh God help me," he moaned. "We have to put this away." And he strained to tuck his fully erect cock back into his trousers. "Here's my driveway."

I helped him, giving it one last kiss and promised his cock, "Don't you worry baby, I'll be waiting for you. It'll just be a minute." A minute seemed to take much more, however, as the sleek black limo glided down the long, curving driveway. I crawled up next to John and watched out the window as his huge mansion loomed into sight.

"It's magnificent," I breathed.

He gave me a strong squeeze and said, "As you are, my darling."

Again the driver opened the door and beckoned us out. Our eyes met as I exited. The expressive whites of his eyes shown in the deepening dusk tempting me. A thought flashed through my mind of attacking his mammoth black cock and as I passed him, I smiled, winked, and brushed my hand across his leg. John didn't notice, but the driver did. I could feel his eyes boring into my ass as John spirited me into his sprawling mansion.

Once inside, our clothes flew off in every direction. Within seconds, we were completely naked and locked in a tight embrace. He pushed me against the massive oak door and crushed his mouth against mine while fondling my breasts roughly. This man was sex-starved, but I was determined to satisfy his every need. He lifted me easily off the floor and placed his rigid cock against my dripping slit.

"Oh yes John! I've been waiting for this all day," I screamed. My voice echoed off the marble lining the massive foyer. "Give me that beautiful hard cock. Put it in my steaming hot cunt. I need all of it in me." Lucky for me, he had a little more restraint than that. Otherwise he might have ripped me in two. Instead he eased in the huge head. I gasped. "It's soooo big! Give it to me, Pleeeese." He withdrew a little, then pushed in some more. "Mmmmmm. It feels soooo good." Back again then forward, deeper still. "God, Yessss! I love it!" Inch by agonizing inch he tortured me, giving more each time than the previous thrust. I begged and pleaded to be filled until he had it buried in me to the hilt.

"Oh John, I can't believe how good you feel in me. Now, my big, beautiful stud, fuck me with everything you've got!"

"Oh you're gonna get everything I've got alright, but I want a soft bed under us, baby." I locked my legs around his back and he lifted me from the door. His strong arms held me lightly, firmly impaled on his massive bone and he turned toward the wide, curving stairway. He took each step slowly, lifting me almost completely off his cock, then slamming it deep as he moved up the stairway. I hung my head back in ecstasy and pinched his nipples as I looked up the staircase. There had to be a hundred steps. With each successive one, he rammed his cock deep into my cunt all over again.

"Yes John, Yes. Fuck me with that huge tool." Another step. "I love the way it curves." Another step. "It feels soooo good in my steaming box." Another step. "Ohhhh, Yes!" By the time we were even halfway up the staircase, I was screaming with passion. An orgasm built with each powerful thrust that brought me to new heights I hadn't thought attainable. It washed over me like a tidal wave and I quaked uncontrollably while I buried my face in John's muscular shoulder to muffle my screams of ecstasy. He truly was fucking me senseless, while walking up stairs! I think I even lost consciousness for a moment, for when the quaking subsided, I was on my back, on a huge, round bed. John hovered above me stroking his cock in and out of me very slowly.

I reached for him and kissed him deeply. "How do you want me, lover?" I whispered.

"Just like you are, baby." He softly replied putting a finger to my lips. Then, lifting my ass off the bed, he pushed slowly into me, forcing my shoulder blades into the luxurious mattress, and began a long, slow fucking all over again. I wrapped my ankles around his shoulders and encouraged him.
