 He lay there gently stroking his half hard cock basking in the warmth of the early summer sun as it shone a leaf dappled pattern on his nude body. A contented sigh broke from his lips as he thought about the last year or so that led up to this pleasant interlude. This favourite secluded spot in the garden hadn't always been there. It was a recent creation in the former almost cookie cutter suburban back yard.

Back then he and his wife were leading almost separate existences dashing out the door each morning for the rush to the station hardly even having the time to talk about important things let alone chat about the minor occurrences of daily life. 

It was on his forty fifth birthday on a cold December day when he opened the gift from his wife that the utter dreariness of their lives hit him like a freight train. 

"A pair of comfortable slippers! had the excitement gone so far from their lives that a fucking pair of slippers was an acceptable birthday gift from his wife? Things are going to change." He muttered.

He decided to call in and take to day off work then changed his mind. He was senior enough not to need to justify taking a day for himself. The suit he was half dressed in was taken off and hung up as he looked for some casual clothes. To his amazement there were none that fit.

As he passed the full length mirror he glanced at his naked body and wondered when he had last been nude for no particular reason. To his dismay he couldn't think of a single occasion since he and his brother had gone skinny dipping as teens. There and then he vowed to stay naked the entire day. That would be a great start to the changes that had to happen.

He looked harder at his image and wasn't too upset at what he saw. He was in decent shape for forty five, improvements could be made, but not bad. A little chest hair but certainly no rug, it seemed about right. The one thing that really rankled was the lack of tan lines.

"Hell how can you have tan lines on a lily white body?"

In the past he had liked a nice golden tan and now he determined that the lily white condition had to go. On impulse he picked up the phone book and thumbed through to the tanning salon section, picked one at random and dialed. The appointment was set for one fifteen that afternoon.

Too late he realized that he would have to break his vow to stay nude all day but came to the conclusion it was worth it but he could put off dressing until he left the house.

Relaxing on the tanning bed he started to list the changes he was going to make. He would get a bike for the trip to the station each day, he would get into better condition , build some muscle, get a nice tan, get more sex than of late. 

"Hmm now that's the best one yet." he thought.

Arriving home with the nice glow that the tanning session gave him he again started thinking of the future.

As he got out of the car he looked about the front yard and was dissatisfied that it looked so much like all the others in area and the idea came to him to start a landscape project. That would help get him in shape, start a new hobby and with some work could give him privacy. 

Through the winter he had a number of tanning sessions where he planned the landscape project with the focus on privacy, by spring he knew just what was to happen to the property and by the end of the summer the yard was no longer a copy of the neighbours. Hedges were in place and trees firmly rooted giving a quiet private area out of sight of anyone. 

As the summer progressed his wife was starting to notice the changes in him. He was getting the body back again that she fondly remembered, the flabby white tired man that she had shared a house with for too many years had become someone who gave her a little thrill to think about. She started to feel sexy again being around him. 

It occurred to her one day that she had been seeing him without clothes more and more.

"Mmm he's got quite a nice butt," she was surprised to find herself thinking, "and its rather nicely tanned." 

The thought stayed with her all day and for the first time in many months she found herself getting aroused. It was a delicious feeling that had been missing too long she suddenly realized. This started her to wonder what had been missing in their lives. She was still feeling nicely aroused on the way home and decided to go shopping for some new clothes to suit her mood. Her usual tiredness had gone as she left the station headed toward the shops. She remembered seeing a shop on Main Street that might have something to fit her mood. 

Wandering through the store picking up items and putting them down she was amazed at how sexy the clothes were. The assistant seemed to notice that she was having trouble selecting anything and came over to help. 

Quickly the assistant put her at ease saying 

"Don't worry if he will find your clothes sexy. Get the ones that make you feel good. Men are turned on by women who show they feel sexy." 

"You have a great body, your boobs are a nice size and pretty firm but you have been covering up way too much, lets see what you look like in these." 

The drive home from the store went by in a moment as she thought excitedly about the new clothes and how they would impress her husband. It came as a bit of a shock to her how much she wanted to impress him after having thought so little about it for so long.

The thought came to her that they hadn't had a good evening meal together at home in many months. The idea really seemed to fit her mood but it was too late for elaborate preparations so she phoned an order into the best Chinese restaurant and retraced her drive to pick it up.

She set the table with her best table linen, placed candles and opened some wine then went to upstairs to put on some of the new clothes. She happened to glance out of the bedroom window and saw him working on his garden project. Her mouth opened in surprise as she saw he was naked and seemed very at ease working at clipping and weeding without a stitch on. It was clear that he was so involved in his new hobby that he hadn't come in to get dressed before her arrival. She stood and watched for several minutes and her arousal came flooding back. As she reflected on this she began to feel that it seemed right for a man to be working with nature without the hindrance of clothes.

Remembering what the shop assistant had said she decided to put on the clothes she felt sexiest in. First the lacey black bra that was designed to lift and present her breasts, seeming to be almost two sizes smaller than her usual size.

"Very daring for a woman my age." she thought. 

Next came the black stockings that the assistant had said made her legs look so long and shapely followed by the briefest black panties she had ever owned. Nervously she wondered about covering up with a robe and tried on one that had seemed very daring last week only to see it ruined the effect. With a deep breath she ventured down the stairs to place the food, which had been warming, on the table. 

She opened the door to the back yard and called "Honey, supper is ready." 

He was clearly alarmed that she was home and he was still naked in the yard. Putting on a brave face he entered the house as if he had no care for his nudity. His composure was shattered at the sight of his wife dressed like he hadn't seen in years.

He simply stood, looking. She waited for a reaction still not sure what he would think of her attempts to be sexually attractive to him. Then she saw the true indication of his thoughts, he was rapidly becoming erect and not even attempting to hide it. He said not a word but stepped up to her and pulled her to him, his head tilting to kiss her. His hands dropped behind her and lifted her as his rock hard cock slipped between her thighs. She could feel her wetness soak through the tiny panties in a second. 

After some minutes he set her back to the ground, held one hand, saying "Come with me." 

He didn't lead her upstairs as she expected but opened the door to the back yard. They walked hand in hand across the yard she still in her new clothes and he nude till they came to the bench newly part of his garden project. He turned and sat in the bench as she faced him. He pulled aside the panties as she moved forward to straddle his legs. His cock was between them harder and stiffer than either could remember. She kneeled on the bench lowering herself on to him.

Her slick wetness and wide open lips drew him in fully in one movement. She uttered a long sigh of contentment and briefly held her position.

He groaned "Oh that is so good."

She slowly began to rise and drop as she rode his cock. Gradually she sped up as an unbelievable heat of passion rose in her. Soon she was slamming her body at his. Neither was capable of coherent speech, all that could be heard was the moaning of their pleasure and liquid sounds of their sex.

Suddenly her breath was held as a deep shudder passed through her body, she was coming.

He was still hard and rocked forward so he could still push into her. He knew he couldn't keep this up for long. He would soon come himself but she was at the edge of orgasm again. Still he thrust deep into her rocking faster and faster. She let out a deep deep moan as her pleasure peaked again. Her inner muscles grasped him in a tight ecstasy grip and brought him to his orgasm. His movement stopped as the feeling of his balls release sent him into a daze of satiation.

A single word passed his lips "Fuck." said soft and low. 

She leaned onto him her sweat dampened hair brushing his shoulder as she regained her regular breathing. Still locked they sat quiet for a period. His gradually softening cock slowly retreating from her pussy, the lips still engorged. Their reverie was eventually interrupted by the cramping of her legs obliging them to separate. She turned to sit across his lap as they still held each other in the warm afterglow. 

Eventually he murmured "Now that's why I have been working here in the yard." 

"Hmmm," she responded, "I think the food will be cold by now but I really don't give a shit."

They slowly walked back to the house again hand in hand not needing to say anything at all. She could feel their combined juices on her thighs and found she liked it as a perfect natural after sensation of their love making.

In the house he poured the wine as she served the now cool food as they were content to stayas they were, she in her new clothes and he nude.

Later that evening he gently unhooked her bra and slipped off her panties and stockings, holding them to his face saying "Please don't ever use these again unless I ask." 

"I don't think I'll need them for a long time." she responded. 

That night brought about a big change in their lives. The love and passion had been rekindled, made more so by her finding that she also enjoyed the openness of nudity making her feel sensuous and prepared for arousal. Their new found sexuality could be expressed in a new relaxed manner.

Coming back to the present he lay back, eyes closed, his hand still gently stroking until he felt her fingers softly take his away and he became fully hard in her tender grip.