 The headmaster of St. Paul's University surveyed the room of young men and sighed. They were an unruly assembly of miscreants, and he knew with his hushed pronunciation that he would be unable to hold their full attention. But nonetheless he continued with his dialogue.

"This year is the most important of your academic lives" he explained over the chatter of the assembly hall. 

"Some of you will leave St. Paul's at the end of this term as men of industry, of the arts, of business and economics. You men will achieve great things, and shall represent the fine legacy of this great University. There are some of you, however, that will not."

With this, Mr Beaumont perused the room to seek out the least academic of his students. They were at the back of the room as usual, whispering to each other and not giving any concentration to the lecture. Mr Beaumont had long ago given up on John and Marcel achieving academic distinction, so instead of challenging them on their impertinence he turned again to readdress those in the assembly who were paying attention. 

"So good luck to you all, and remember your time here is nearly at an end. Work hard, and be magnificent!" 

There came some unrest from the back of the hall and some cheers from the front. A number of students had already risen from their seats to leave. Mr Beaumont himself had gathered his notes from the plinth when he abruptly called for quiet and gestured for the deserting students to be seated.

"Can I have your attention please? Before we all disappear, I would like to introduce you to our new relief French teacher Miss DuPont." 

With that, he gestured to a young lady sat with her back to the unruly throng. Miss DuPont stood up and turned to address the class. As she walked to the podium two hundred jaws hit the floor, for she was simply the most beautiful woman any of the young men had ever seen. 

She was in her mid-twenties, which qualified her as an older woman to her new students, with short spiky auburn hair and a very pretty face. All the boys were taken aback by her sparkling green eyes, attractive mouth, and most noticeably, her large voluptuous breasts that juddered beneath her loose fitting dress as she moved. 

At the precise moment that Miss DuPont commenced her speech to the waiting assembly, two hundred cocks became erect instantaneously.

"Thank you Mr Beaumont for your kind welcome, and hello to all of you boys" she said shyly in a beautifully soft French accent. 

"I look forward to working with you, and getting to know you all, over the coming term. Thank you."

John and Marcel looked at their new teacher with incredulity.

"Wow, she's beautiful" they enthused. 

They both strained to catch a glimpse of Miss DuPont as she lowered herself back into her chair at the front of the hall. Mr Beaumont then concluded the assembly, and the boys reluctantly returned to their dormitories. That night, the boys all dreamt of their sexy new French teacher Miss DuPont.

But sleep could not appease John and Marcel. They had become infatuated by Miss DuPont, and were anxious to steal another glance at her body. So they decided to break out of their dormitory and find her. 

This was a common sport for the boys. They often climbed the rooftops of the ancient university to spy on their teachers, and knew where Miss DuPont would be housed. So when the last boy had fallen asleep and the dormitory was quiet they absconded onto the rooftop, manoeuvring balustrades, slates and glass ceilings until they arrived at the staff quarters. 

This wing of the school was in complete darkness except for one window from where a solitary light shone. This was Miss DuPont's quarters, they were sure of it. The boys gave each other the thumbs-up, and then crept gingerly towards the window. Luckily for them the blinds were open and although they could not see her, the boys felt a rush of excitement at the thought that this was Miss DuPont's private space. Moreover, they had a clear view of her bedroom. 

The first details the boys observed were a brassiere and knickers on the floor at the foot of the bed. These strewn articles served only to further stimulate their delight. Then they looked toward the far end of the bedroom and saw a door that opened into a steam filled bathroom. This room was lit warmly from a dozen tea lights edging a ceramic bathtub and inside, relaxing in the warm soapy water, was Miss DuPont!

John and Marcel gasped at the sight. They could only see her outline through a mist of condensation, but the boys began to fidget hopefully in their kneeling positions. They would wait for as long as it took for Miss DuPont to step out of the bath so that they might see her naked body.

They had to wait only ten minutes before they got their reward. For it was then that their sexy new teacher rose out of the bath, dripping water onto the stone tiled floor and reached to take a fresh white towel from a rail. Miss DuPont then walked into the bedroom with the towel wrapped around her curvaceous body, but it barely concealed the abundance of swelling flesh at her chest. The boys could not believe their eyes. Miss DuPont was only inches away from them, still wet and naked save for the towel. They became erect at once. 

From outside on the rooftop the boys stared appreciatively as Miss DuPont took a brush from her vanity table and swept back her boyish hair. Then, to their astonishment, she let the damp towel drop to the floor. 

John and Marcel almost choked! Miss DuPont stood up and admired her lean body in a full length mirror on the adjacent wall. She felt the weight of her meaty breasts in her hands, and then turned to her side to appreciate her flat stomach and taut bottom. She appeared satisfied with her body, for she lingered over it with enthusiastic eyes, then sat on the edge of the bed and opened her legs. 

The boys were now open mouthed and salivating. They watched with incredulity as Miss DuPont reached down between her open thighs and pulled open the pared lips of her sex. In the bath she had been thinking about her ex-boyfriend. He had been a wonderful lover and she missed his body. Just the thought of him had made her want to come for it had been five months since they broke up, and for five months she had been without intimacy.

Using the wetness at the mouth of her sex she moistened a finger and drew it up long the folds of her vulva toward her clitoris, rubbing the finger over the exposed bud. The boys had a perfect view as Miss Dumont lay back on the bed and began stroking herself tenderly. 

They could hear her soft moans through the window as she rocked her hips against the hand that pleasured her sex. With her other hand she fondled her breasts, rubbing the sensitive nipples with her palm and making herself squirm with delight.

Miss DuPont masturbated like this for a short moment until she suddenly became impatient. She needed to come, desperately. 

She removed her hand from her bosom, and while prolonging the arousal on her sex reached underneath her pillow and produced her dildo. It was big, bigger than any cock the boys had ever seen, and as Miss DuPont eased it inside her wet opening the boys opened their pants to release their straining penises.

They began to stroke their cocks as Miss DuPont fucked herself with her dildo. She imagined her ex-boyfriend was fucking her, her body elongating as it yielded itself to the thick silicone shaft penetrating her sex. 

Jon and Marcel kept pace with their teacher as they feverishly rubbed their penises, their moans intensifying as they and Miss DuPont approached orgasm. Their senses were heightened as if they were in a drug induced haze. Wide eyed they gaped as Miss DuPont's spine curved upward into a sloping arc, her bosom jolting as she pounded the dildo into her body. 

As she thrust her hips upward, her thighs split wide to receive the sex toy that filled her cunt completely. Then her face contorted in ecstasy and she cried out inarticulately. With a final pounding from the dildo her bottom rose off the bed and she came violently, the pleasure coursing through each fibre of her body. 

At the sight of Miss DuPont's orgasm the boys could hold back no longer. Both of them steadied themselves against the widow frame and came freely, ejaculating onto the rooftop outside Miss DuPont's bedroom. 

The exhaled noisily as they expelled every last drop of semen from their cocks, and after a moment's recovery lifted their heads to see Miss DuPont lying spread-eagled on the bed with the dildo still inside her. She had a sly, satisfied smile and her hands were placed on the inside of her thighs. She stroked the soft flesh with her fingertips, basking in the warm glow of her orgasm. Then she curled onto her side, satisfied and ready to sleep, and it was then that Miss DuPont looked up to the window and saw the faces of the two boys staring at her with sloping grins.

John and Marcel recoiled in horror. With their deflated penises still in hand they turned away from the window and dashed across the roof top back to the silent dormitory, only pausing to adjust their trousers when they were safely out of Miss DuPont's sight. They were sure they had seen her at the window as they made their descent, and neither boy could sleep that night for fear she had recognised them. If she had, the consequences would be dreadful. Miss DuPont could have them expelled. With this terrible thought in mind they closed their eyes and waited in dread for the morning to arrive.

On the following morning Jon and Marcel were the first boys in the dormitory to rise, and after an anxious breakfast they walked in fearful silence to class. By terrible coincidence it was French that was first on the agenda. They took their seats at the back of the class, and bowed their heads as Miss DuPont strode to her desk and cheerfully greeted her students. 

As she commenced the lesson the boys kept their heads low so as not to draw attention to themselves, and Miss DuPont in return paid them little attention. In fact, it was as if they were not even there. Miss DuPont conducted the lesson as if it were any other, and as the hour drew to a close Jon and Marcel concluded that she had not recognised them as the boys at her window. They sighed with relief. They had got away with it.

When the bell rang signalling the end of the lesson the boys couldn't have been gladder, partially because they found class boring, but chiefly because it was hard to look at Miss DuPont without imaging her naked. It was most distracting, and the boys found themselves becoming very hard again as they remembered their teacher pleasuring herself on the bed.

Miss DuPont dismissed the class but as the students rose from their seats she looked toward the back of the room and saw Jon and Marcel moving sheepishly toward the exit.

"Excuse me, Jon and Marcel? Can you stay behind for a moment please?" 

She looked at them sternly, and as the rest of the class dispersed the boys walked dejectedly toward the desk where Miss DuPont sat waiting. 

The last departing student closed the door and Jon and Marcel found themselves alone with their young teacher. She said nothing to the boys, but observed them harshly as she tapped a pencil against the edge of the desk. Jon and Marcel had bowed their heads and fidgeted nervously as they awaited their penance. 

But instead of reprimanding the boys Miss DuPont put down the pencil and rose to her feet. She walked over to the door of the windowless classroom and locked it. Then she resumed her seat by the desk and straightened the hem of her dress. She gave a slight cough and addressed the boys.

"I know it was you boys watching me last night. What do you have to say for yourselves?"

The boys stared anxiously at the ground.

"Well? Speak up!"

John and Marcel reddened with shame and could only garble an apology.

"Sorry Miss" they both spluttered awkwardly. 

"Oh, you are sorry are you? Well, I am glad to hear it."

The boys raised their heads to glance at Miss DuPont. She did not appear so incensed and had visibly mellowed.

"And was it worth all your efforts, to see me naked?"

John and Marcel were not certain how to respond and chose to say nothing. 

"It's not a difficult question. Did you like what you saw?"

The boys both gave a confirmatory retort.

"Yes Miss."

"Speak up" Miss DuPont ordered. 

"Yes Miss. We liked what we saw."

Miss DuPont smiled playfully at the boys.

"Very good" she said. "And now it's only fair that I see what you have to offer me."

John and Marcel looked at Miss DuPont with disbelief. 

"What?" they asked. They were sure they had misunderstood her.

"You have seen me naked and now it is only fair that I see you naked too, oui? Now take down your trousers."

With that Miss DuPont slammed her hand down on the desk. The boys were afraid of further provoking their teacher so hurriedly unzipped themselves and pulled their pants down to the ankles. Miss DuPont suppressed a giggle as the boys stood nervously to attention. She was enjoying the power she held over her hapless pupils and looked on approvingly at the erections the boys had produced. 

"Very nice" Miss DuPont said, regarding the stiff penises with an intense yearning. "I approve."

She extended an arm and handled the tip of John's cock. No woman before Miss DuPont had ever touched him intimately, and he sighed at the pleasing sensations it aroused. 

"Come here" she ordered. 

The excited young man shuffled eagerly toward Miss DuPont. "Stand there."

John did as instructed and stood submissively by the desk in front of his teacher.

"Very good" she smiled. "And now you please."

Marcel followed Miss DuPont's command and took his place beside his friend. 

"Excellent. Now let's have a feel of your tackle, oui?"

Miss DuPont opened her hands and tightly clasped both boy's extended genitalia. She was impressed by the size and feel of their erections, and reasoned that any girl would be content to have one inside them. 

The boys gasped at the sensation of warm fingers coiling their penises. Miss DuPont had accurately judged their response. They did not protest as she began stroking their stiff members, inducing waves of immense pleasure that originated from the base of their scrotums. 

"Do you like that?" Miss DuPont asked, already knowing the answer.

"Yes Miss" the boys replied feebly.

John and Marcel steadied themselves against the desk, the polished wood cold against their bare bottoms, as Miss DuPont laboured over their penises. She was adept at caressing both cocks simultaneously, and both John and Marcel braced themselves for the imminent explosion. It felt wonderful to have their teacher masturbate them together, and they were soon close to orgasm.

Miss DuPont saw that the boys were approaching climax and decided to finish them off with flair. She ceased fondling the boys for a moment and opened the buttons of her blouse, exposing her naked breasts. Then once again she took hold of both penises and manipulated them in her hands, pumping the hard flesh until both boys cried out weakly.

John came first. The sight of Miss DuPont's naked breasts was too much to bear. He made a hoarse garbled sound and then discharged a slick pool of come upon her delicious playthings. Miss DuPont smiled kindly at John, and then turned her attentions to Marcel. She aligned his penis to her décolletage, pumping it tirelessly, and with her free hand caressed his scrotum. This was all that was needed to propel Marcel to orgasm. His mouth fell open and he moaned deeply, watching in delight as he spattered her meaty slabs with streaks of glutinous sperm.

"Now, now, good boy" Miss DuPont encouraged as Marcel flopped back against the desk.

She pumped both boys until they were drained of pleasure then clutched her soiled breasts, heaving them upward to stem the flow of semen oozing down her cleavage. She then stood up and walked away from the desk toward a sink by the door, where she washed away the viscous emissions from her bosom. After drying herself with a hand towel she lastly buttoned up her blouse, keeping her back to the boys throughout.

"You may now pull up your trousers, I am finished with you" Miss DuPont said as she returned to her chair. 

The boys did as they were told and they made themselves presentable.

"Very good, you did well. I am very pleased with you both. Now you can go. Shut the door on your way out." 

The boys gaped at one another in disbelief, and then returned their gaze to Miss DuPont. She was very amused by the boy's bewilderment.

"Go!" she hollered, feigning annoyance with the young men. 

Not wanting to displease their teacher the boys grabbed their bags and scampered out of the classroom, uttering goodbyes and mumbled thanks as they departed. Once alone, Miss DuPont laughed out loud. She had relished the experience of bringing two young men to orgasm as much as they had enjoyed the pleasure of climaxing onto her breasts, and now she was in need of release. She quickly packed up her things and hurried to her room, and her box of toys. 

The ensuing days were a torment for Miss DuPont. Her encounter with John and Marcel was conceived as an isolated incident, a bit of fun. But it had only served to exacerbate a suppressed hunger for intimacy. 

Classes became a trauma. Each glance at the boys stimulated her imagination. Her thoughts were inhabited with visions of their penises, hard and smooth in her hand. She imagined them inside her, their bodies entangled and sustaining. Her waking moments were lived as if in a hallucination.

Miss DuPont strived to become detached from the young men. She chided and humiliated them in class, becoming remote and showing reticence when they contributed to her lessons. Her diffidence was extravagant but deceitful. It obscured carnal appetites. Miss DuPont was not a woman to live as a nun. She was sensual and craved sex. The emotional struggle wounded her. 

Fortunately the boys recognised this deception. They empathised with her suffering. She was their teacher and had to maintain a professional relationship with her students. But she was also a sexual animal with incited desires. Her indifference would not be permanent, they were certain of it. 

Four days after their erotic encounter with Miss DuPont, the boy's conviction was substantiated. They were midway through an unusually tedious lesson. Both were struggling with a test Miss DuPont had designed. It was composed of harsh translations that neither boy could comprehend. They were uninterested by the examination, so engaged themselves by observing their sexy young teacher. 

She was dressed in knee high leather boots and a skirt that exaggerated each voluptuous curve of her shapely bottom. On top she wore a white blouse that effortlessly defined the swell of her bosom. Her hair was sleeked back to accentuate her mint green eyes and pretty face. The outward semblance inferred Miss DuPont as a sophisticated modern French professional. 

The boys could not avert their gaze from Miss DuPont and she saw it. For each dissolute glance they cast at her, she returned it with an equal fervour. This endured until Miss DuPont could pacify her womanly urges no more.

She walked to the back of the classroom, ordering her students to maintain focus on the examination. They were all by now wholly engaged with the test, and not one glanced away from the French paper as Miss DuPont approached John and Marcel. They lowered their heads uneasily as she positioned herself in the aisle midway between the desks where they sat. Neither John nor Marcel spoke. They silently deliberated on the intentions of Miss DuPont, who was now admonishing the other students.

"Keep your heads down and your eyes on the test. Any student who I observe looking at anything other than the paper on their desk will be disqualified."
