 I live in a blue collar city that has had its boom and bust cycles over the years. One occupation that is always in demand is that of hairdressers. My partner works at this profession and her coworkers are great to party with. A few times a year we have picnics or pool parties with all invited. There are other times when the parties are invitation only. Then there are the private meetings that are arranged to help the workers who are feeling sexually frustrated in their lives.

The most recent tryst involved Natasha.

Natasha was pregnant and horny. I have fathered three great kids and I remember that my wife also had this emotion or feeling at various stages of her pregnancies. Maybe not all women have these moments but it seems that it happens to those who are normally quite sexually active in their relationships. Natasha was one of these women. 

Salons are interesting places to work. Television has tried to show us the inner workings of these personal care establishments and I can tell you the conversations range from recipes to repeat orgasms. Natasha had been telling the girls that her boyfriend would not have sex during her pregnancy once she started showing. Her complaints of not having an orgasm for months made for funny backroom storytelling by all the other workers. Rose, my partner, told me of Natasha's problem and joked that I could solve her dilemma.

Initially I could understand her joke but a day or two later she mentioned it again. Natasha was really beginning to show and her body was changing. I drop in to the shop occasionally close to closing and this one time Natasha was telling us how she like her tits being a couple of cup sizes bigger. I must admit they did spill out of her bra a bit more than they used to. It was during this conversation that the comment was made again by Rose, not only to me but to Natasha as well. 

Now Natasha is about 23 and quite attractive. My balls began to tighten as the girls tossed the idea back and forth in a lighthearted way. Then Rose invited Natasha back to our place for a coffee. ( tea or me I gathered)

The shop was closed up, locked and the lights turned out and my cock strained at what might happen tonight. 

We drove home and I went to make a "treat" for Rosa and I. When I came back to the den Rose and Natasha were giggling and smiling as they talked about other co-workers. I sat beside Rose and lit up our "treat", not thinking Natasha would have a part due to her being due. Then she reached across and took the slim "stress reliever" from Rose. 

Rose turned to me and asked me if I remember Natasha's problem with sex. I did and then she proceeded to tell me she wanted me to help out her friend. Rose was going to visit another co-worker and would be back in a couple of hours, have fun she said as she put on her coat and left us alone.

The moment was here.

I took Natasha to our spare room and told her to relax, which was being helped along by the "treat" we had shared. We always have massage oil available and I told Natasha to kneel on a tub chair backwards and I would massage her back. I lifted her shirt over her dark locks and unfastened her bra letting those round globes out. My hands worked the muscles of her lower back and I could feel her body relax and hear her breathing deepen. The tension in her shoulders and neck began to ease and after 10 minutes she and I were just two humans pleasing each other.

She stood up and slipped out of her pants, I disrobed and my cock throbbed to the soft beat of music playing. Natasha reached out and stroked my cock and motioned for me to join her on the bed. I did not resist. Her skin was soft and her nipples hard. I kissed her lips and could tell she missed being intimate. Her belly was large and full of life and I was about to relieve her sexual tension.

She pulled her feet up and her legs spread naturally for me to explore her womanly depths. I kissed and gently nibbled on her nipples. Her moans spoke to me and I followed her scent with tenderness. With my tongue I parted her now swollen pussy lips. Her hands covered her breasts and softly squeezed those rock hard nipples. I teased her clit out of its hiding place and sucked it and twirled it while my fingers found their way inside her pussy. 

I could feel her g-spot waiting to be pressed. With my tongue licking her lips and clit as my finger massaged her inside I felt her hand touch my balls and cock. Suddenly she seemed to panicked and asked me to stop, she felt like she needed to pee she said. No I told her it wasn't that. Relax and don't worry about anything I said.

Slowly she relaxed and I continued my assault on her clit and g-spot. Her moans became louder and her hips began to buck up into my face. I held on and pressed harder onto her g-spot. She came, and came, and came. Her cunt squirted sweet pussy juice all over. I licked and sucked.Her body trembled from head to toe as her very first g-spot orgasm washed its way through her body.

I tell you men there is nothing like that in the world to feel a body respond to your touch like that.

Natasha was sweating from the experience and apologized for the mess. I assured her that this was not a mess but a release. Her body needed release and I was only too happy to make it happen.

I removed the towel that we keep on the bed grabbed the towels we keep near the bed and dried her legs and thighs. With a soft fleecy blanket wrapped around her now relaxed body she purred like a kitten.

I heard a car pull up outside and knew that sex tonight with Rose was going to be exhausting.

We let Natasha sleep for an hour or so then we both went to her and helped her wake up. Her faced was glowing and she looked like a different person, she was. 

Rose offered to call Natasha's boyfriend and tell him she was staying here tonight since she was too tired to drive. Natasha thanked Rose and then looking at me with her large brown tear filled eyes mouthed the words, thank you.