 Her Story

My flight had been delayed. It was pouring rain, and traffic was just terrible. Everything seemed to be conspiring against me. Trying to keep me away from you. I finally reached the hotel we always stay in when I visit you in London. Thank goodness it's your turn to visit me in NYC next month. 

It's late...much later than I thought I would have arrived. I had gotten a key at the desk and rode the elevator to the fifth floor...room 521...always room 521. It was the first place we had ever made love and we booked it every time I visited. 

Arriving at the door, I was shocked at how fast my heart was beating. The anticipation of seeing your face, feeling your body next to mine...I could hardly get the key card to work my hands were shaking so. I open the door...the room is bathed in candlelight. I notice the candles are burned almost all the way down. There is champagne on ice on the table. I see you lying on the sofa...asleep. 

I smile to myself as I walk over to you. You look so peaceful. Should I wake you? I kneel down next to you and marvel at your wonderful face. Gently I run my fingers through your hair. You stir a little. I trace your lips with the tip of my finger, then lean in and place a soft kiss there. A smile appears on your face, but you don't wake up. I wonder to myself if you may be dreaming. Knowing you as I do, I'm sure it's an erotic one. I kiss you again. This time with more pressure and I slide my tongue between your lips. I feel you respond. Your tongue finds mine...our kiss turns passionate. Your hand on the back of my neck tells me you are fully awake now. I open my eyes to see yours staring back at me. We both break into smiles. 

"How long have you been here?" you ask. "Not too long. I was debating whether I should wake you or not."

"Not wake me? You didn't travel all this way to watch me sleep, did you?"

"Well you did have the sweetest look on your face. Dreaming of me?"

You reach for my hand and place it on your cock...your rock hard cock. 

"What do you think?" you ask me teasingly.

"I think I might have something to help you out with that." I wink at you.

I unbutton my blouse and slide it off my shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. You eye my cleavage and take your finger and trace mounds formed from my bra. Just the touch of your finger has me breathing heavier. My breasts rising and falling faster as you reach behind me to unclasp my bra. Letting it fall away from me, you clasp my tits in your hands and squeeze them...flicking at my nipples with your fingertips. Taking one then the other into your mouth, sucking and nipping at them. "Oh, God, Alan I have missed you so much." I manage to grown.

"I missed you, too. In fact... let me show you how much..." 

Before I can say another word, your lips are pressed to mine. Our kisses filled with hunger and want. We only break our kiss to pull and yank off the rest of our clothes. I know this first time will be fast and furious. We'll have time for slow sensual love making later. But the time away from each other always causes us to fuck hard and fast. Unable to control all the pent up lust and longing, we literally explode together. 

You lead me to the back of the sofa and bend me over it. Your hands massaging up and down my back. I separate my legs...my pussy wet and hot waiting for you cock. I feel your weight as you lay down on my back...your manhood falling right between my legs...butting up to my pussy...I know that now you can feel just how turned on I am. This just makes me even hotter. 

You lean in to whisper in my ear...your voice low and hoarse..."Now I'll show you just how much I've missed you." 

You stand up. With your hands on my hips you glide your cock right inside my pussy. You hold steady for a moment as we both groan at the pleasure of finally being together once again. I contract my pussy walls around your cock...making you moan again. Unable to hold back any longer you begin to thrust in and out...and you do it hard and fast...slamming your cock into me...I grab hold of the sofa cushions for support as you continue to pound my pussy...it doesn't take long before we are both ready to cum...our bodies slamming together...the sound seeming to echo throughout the room...you thrusts become faster and shorter...until you finally reach your climax...you grunt as the first stream of cum enters me...triggering my own orgasm...my body trembling...shaking as pleasure flows throughout me..you continue to shoot your hot seed deep inside me...until finally both our orgasms subside. you collapse on top of me. Both of us bathed in sweat...breathing heavily. You finally manage to move...you stand up and lift me off the sofa. Embracing me, you lead me over to the bed and pull down the covers. I climb in and lay on my side. You slide in behind me, spooning me. I snuggle back against you. 

Both of us very content to be where we are. Safe in each others arms.

"You Sir may show me how much you missed me whenever and as often as you would like."

"That Milady could take a very long time."

His Story

I left work early and walked quickly through the streets of London towards the hotel we always stay in when you visit. I wanted to make sure that everything we needed was in the room so that we wouldn't have to be disturbed. I knew your plane wasn't due to land for another couple of hours and therefore knew that I had plenty of time to get everything unpacked and even time to go to the shops if I found I had forgotten something. It was raining but I hardly noticed as I thought back to our last rendezvous a month ago in New York. We had as usual spent the whole weekend in the room of the hotel sleeping, eating and making love. The love making had as always been exciting and sensuous. We had made love in the shower, in the bath, on the floor, on the sofa, on the bed and once in the closet! We had tried many different positions. The only one we could think of that we hadn't tried was hanging from the chandelier in the room and that was only because we didn't think it would take our weight. I finally arrived at our hotel and walked up to the reception desk. The receptionist was the same girl as it had been on our last two or three visits who smiled at me and said "Good afternoon Mr Jones, we have your usual room ready for you. I assume you would like me to give a key to Mrs Jones when she arrives and just send her up as usual?" "Good afternoon," I replied "Yes please Mrs Jones should be here in a couple of hours or so." I took the key card from the receptionist and headed to the lifts. As I rode up to the sixth floor I wondered where you were at this moment, somewhere over the Atlantic I guessed as you weren't due to land for another hour or so at least. I pictured you sitting quietly on the plane pretending to read but being unable to concentrate because you were thinking about the last time we met in NYC and anticipating the fun we were about to have in London. As you were thinking about this you realise that your nipples were hardening and that there was a slight dampness between your legs. You hope the old guy sitting next to you doesn't notice and think that it is him who is turning you on. The lift arrives at the sixth floor and I walk down the corridor to room 621. I hardly have to look at the door number to ensure it is the correct one as I almost know the number of paces from the lift. I slip the key card into its slot and here the satisfying click of the lock I open the door and walk in. The room as always is neat and tidy. The management had, as I requested, placed a large bouquet of flowers in the room for you, the smell of which was quite intoxicating. There was also a bottle of champagne on ice on the table in the centre of the room. The first thing I did was get my laptop out of my bag and log on to the net to check on your flight. I was disappointed to see that it was delayed by about 20 minutes this meant that I had at least two hours to wait before I could hold you and feel your soft skin against mine. I felt a slight stirring in my loins as this thought passed through my head. I started to unpack my bag. Not much in the way of clothes (I wouldn't need many of them) but plenty in the way of presents which I hid strategically around the room. I then set up a number of candles around the room, not too many as I didn't want to set the smoke alarm off. When I had finished I checked the flight arrivals for Heathrow again and found that your plane was still 20 minutes late and was in fact due to land in 5 minutes. I knew that it would take you about half an hour to get through Customs and Immigration and then about 45 minutes by cab to the hotel. At least you didn't have to wait for luggage as you always travelled lightly and took what you could only carry on board. With a little luck you would be with me in less than 90 minutes. I turned on the TV and tuned in to MTV, they were playing "Something in the Way She Moves Me" by James Taylor...how apt I thought. I then lit all the candles and turned down the lights. I decided that I had done all I could and so lay down on the sofa to listen to the music. Within a moment or two my eyes had closed and I went to sleep. Almost immediately I started to dream about the last time we had met in NYC. As usual you had arrived at the hotel before me and I had found you in the room lying on the bed wearing nothing more than a smile. I had almost ripped off my clothes to jump on top of you and we had made quick, passionate love hardly without speaking. After that we had taken things slower, laughing a lot and talking a bit. I had explored every square inch of your body as you had mine. I had flown back to the UK with a broad smile on my face. Then the dream changes from fact to fiction (or has it). I dream that you are on the floor beside me. I feel fingers run through my hair and then the touch of a finger on my lips. Then I dream that your lips have touched mine, a soft sensuous kiss. In my sleep I smile as my cock begins to stir. I then dream that you have kissed me again this time harder and that your tongue has slipped between my lips and touched mine. I suddenly wake as I realise I am not dreaming and that you are really here. I look into your bright blue green eyes and smile broadly. You smile back, how good it is to see your smile again. "How long have you been here?" I ask. "Not too long. I was debating whether I should wake you or not." "Not wake me? You didn't travel all this way to watch me sleep, did you?"

"Well you did have the sweetest look on your face. Dreaming of me?" I reach for your hand and place it on my cock...my rock hard cock. 

"What do you think?" I ask you teasingly.

"I think I might have something to help you out with that." You wink at me.

You unbutton your blouse and I watch as it slides off your shoulders and falls to the floor. I look at your cleavage and trace mounds formed by your bra with a finger. I notice that your breathing gets heavier as I touch you. I reach round behind you to undo your bra all the time watching your breasts rising and falling faster. Your bra falls away from you revealing your firm breasts in all their glory. I clasp your tits in my hands and squeeze them...flicking at your nipples with my fingertips. Taking one then the other into my mouth, sucking, flicking them with my tongue and nipping at them.

"Oh God, Alan. How I missed you." You groan.

"I missed you, too. In fact.. let me show you how much.." I then press my lips hard against yours before you can say another word. We know what we both need and so break off the kisses only to get rid of our remaining clothes. We both know that this first time will be fast and furious as we both get rid of our pent up frustration over the last month. The slow tender lovemaking will come later; after all we have the whole weekend. 

I lead you to back of the sofa and bend you over it. My hands massaging up and down your back and on to your gorgeous ass. I see you separate your legs and my cock almost jumps with anticipation as it knows it is soon to enter your hot wet pussy. I move closer to you and my cock touches your pussy, I can almost feel the electricity running between us. I am aware somehow that you want me as much as I want you. I lean in to whisper in your ear...my voice low and hoarse.."Now I'll show you just how much I've missed you." 

I stand up. With my hands on your hips I glide my cock deep into your pussy. I hold steady for a moment as we both groan at the pleasure of finally being together once again. I feel you contract your pussy walls around my cock...and let out another groan. Unable to hold back any longer I begin to thrust in and out...I do it hard and fast...slamming my cock into you...as I pound away I can't help but smile a big grin as I anticipate the fun we will have over the next couple of days.

It doesn't take long before we are both ready to cum...our bodies slamming together...the sound seeming to echo throughout the room...my thrusts become faster and shorter...I finally reach my climax...grunting loudly as the first stream of cum enters you...this sets off your own orgasm...I feel your body tremble and shake. I continue to shoot my hot seed deep inside you. Finally both our orgasms subside and I collapse on top of you. Both of us bathed in sweat...breathing heavily. 

I finally recover and stand up. I lift you from the sofa and cuddle you tightly. I place one more lingering kiss on your lips and lead you over to the bed. You climb in and lay on your side. I slide in behind you spooning you, my left arm curls around your waist and gently tickles your waist. I feel you move back against me, my cock tight against your ass.

"You Sir may show me how much you missed me whenever and as often as you would like."

"That Milady could take a very long time."

All of a sudden there is a knock on the door. You jump slightly, "Who can that be?" you say. I know (I think) but say "I don't know I'll check it out." I jump out of bed, slip on a robe and open the door. As I suspected it is the guy from room service. He hands me a tray on which is a large bowl of strawberries and also a bowl of a thick cream. I place the tray on the table beside the champagne, tip the guy and shut the door. I turn round and look at you, "How would you like some champagne and strawberries?"

You smile and say "That sounds terrific...aren't you offering any cream?"

"That's for later." I say with a slightly wicked grin. I put a strawberry in each of the glasses and then fill them up with champagne. I pass you one of the glasses and we both take a sip the taste of the strawberry mingling slightly with the bubbly champagne.

"Umm delicious", you say "Come on what's the cream for?"

"That my dear you will have to wait to find out." I reach over and run my fingers up your neck pulling you gently towards me for another kiss.

To be continued... 