 I'm waiting for you. Do you even realize that the nervous butterflies in my stomach pale in comparison to the heated longing stirring deep in my pussy? I'm pacing. I've looked at my watch a hundred times this past hour. Almost time. Almost.

The knock on the door startles me. I look at my phone and see no new texts or calls. Hurriedly I grab the robe hanging in the closet and tying it tight around me, I peer through the peephole. It appears blocked. 

"Hello?" My voice falters.

"Let me in baby." Your low voice quietly comes through the door. Excited now, I unlock the door and swing it wide for you to enter. I watch you walk by and toss your jacket on the chair as I lock the door and turn to you.

"Nice room." You look at me, standing across the room, and the nervousness comes back to me.

"Uh, yes. You should see the view." I stammer, walking towards the window. Although partially blocked by the desk, I lean over and take a deep, calming breath as I peer out the window. I can hear your steps behind me and feel you come behind me.

"The view is stunning from here." You whisper next to my ear, your hands coming to rest on my waist.

A nervous giggle escapes my lips. Your hands turn my body towards you. In your eyes I see the question, but you are silent.

"Hi." I murmur.

"Hi yourself, beautiful girl." You smile and I feel my nerves calming. In a hushed, almost reverent, whisper you ask, "Can I please have you?"

I can't even answer. I am thrown by your intimate question. I look up into your eyes and nod. This is the only answer you need.

Ferociously, you pick me up and pull me to your body, crushing your lips down onto mine. Your tongue thrusts deep between my lips and I can feel your arms tighten around me, your hard shaft throbbing against my belly.

Moaning, I return your kiss, surrendering to you completely.

Setting me back on my feet, you untie the robe and rip it from my shoulders. With a heated gaze down my body, you throw the robe aside and once again I am in your arms. Your mouth travels down my neck, leaving a heated trail of kisses, as your hands reach down to grab my ass, barely covered by the tiny lacy panties, and pull me hard against your cock. Using your grasp on me, you lift me against you and carry me towards the bed. Toppling my body back onto the bed, your eyes heat up as they travel down my body.

"Get naked. Now." Your voice is gruff and I hurry to obey. I peek back at you, catching glimpses of your skin as you strip your clothes off. Naked now, seated on the edge of the bed, my breath coming out in quick panting gasps, I meet your eyes and see fire.

You come towards the bed, your face unreadable. 

"My little sex goddess. Are you ready for the fucking of your life?" You grab my ankles and flip me back onto the bed. I moan as your teeth nip the instep of my foot. You release my feet and your hands travel up my legs, squeezing tight on my upper thighs. "Oh yes, my girl, I am going to make you mine."

Arching my back, I feel your hands spread my outer lips. I can feel your fingers on me and know that you can see my juices running out of my pussy.

"Well, I see that you are ready for me." Your hands slide back up my legs, pausing at my knees to bend them forward until they are almost resting on my chest. With one hard thrust, your cock dives deep in my pussy and I cry out. Your cock stretches me and I feel incredibly full.

"I told you I would fill you up." You grin down at me as your hips start to move. Your cock slides slowly out of my tight pussy then slams back in hard, a deep groan escaping your lips. "Ready?" 

Your hands reach around to grab my tits as your cock pounds deep inside me, thrusting hard against me. My legs are trapped by your shoulders and I can't even thrust my hips up against you. Your fingers roll my nipples, squeezing them hard. My head rolls from one side to the next. Overwhelmed by the intense feelings coursing through my body, I can only moan and tangle my hands in the sheets.

Harder you pound, your balls slapping against my ass as your cock punishes my pussy.

"Fuck yes! I knew this would be good." I hear you groan out. I can feel my pussy tightening; every pinch of my nipple sending lightning bolts straight down to add to the intense fire I'm feeling.

Leaning over me, you thrust hard, giving me every inch of that cock deep inside me. You shift your hips up slightly and an overwhelming shudder passes through my body.

"Oh fuck yes!" I cry out, as your cock pistons against that spot deep inside.

"Cum baby. Let me feel you." You groan, your cock throbbing.

With your deep groan, my body explodes, my pussy clenching against your thick cock as my cum gushes around you. My body trembles. You don't stop. Your cock continues its assault on my pussy, now dripping with juice. I try to thrust back against you, but I am trapped under your weight, the endless thrusts pinning me to the bed.

"Fuuuuuuck." You hear me moan. Your cock feels amazing inside me and I concentrate on the exquisite feeling of that head pounding against my walls.

Grabbing my thighs and pulling me tight against you, you drive your cock in deep one last time. I feel your cock twitch and burst inside me issuing wave after wave of hot cum deep inside.

You drop my legs and crawl onto the bed next to me. Lying on your back, panting, you sigh and turn to me.

"Ok babe?" You whisper.

"Unbelievable." 

Crawling up onto my knees, I run my hands up your legs, alternating long slow scrapes with my nails and soft massaging touches. I know that your cock will be so sensitive, but I can't resist having my first taste. I lean down and slowly swirl my tongue around the head, tasting our combined juices on your cock. Aside from a low groan, I hear no argument, so taking your cock in my hand, I slide my lips slowly down until they reach the base of your thick cock. This is what I have been waiting for; the chance to taste you sliding between my lips. Involuntarily your hips thrust up and your cock is buried in my throat. Pulling my head back, I slide back up, pausing to suck hard on your head.

"Fuck baby, yes!" Your voice tightens as my mouth circles your head before diving down your cock again. You are hard again, never having had the chance to fully soften before my attack.

Grabbing your cock hard in my hand, my lips slide down your shaft and I trail nibbling little kisses down the underside. My lips reach your balls and my tongue glides out of my mouth to circle them. Your moans push me further and I lean down to suck one ball, then the other, into my hot mouth. Gently I suck them against my tongue, my hand stroking down your cock slowly. After teasing you for a couple more moments, my lips leave you and I look down at your smirking face. Sticking my tongue out at you, I once more lean down to take you between my lips.

My mouth slides against you, ever so slowly, burying my nose against your skin before sucking hard on the way back up. I speed up, taking all of your cock into my hot mouth. Your hands reach down and tangle in my curly hair, pushing my head down to your lap again and again.

A deep groan slips out of your lips and I raise my head to look at you. 

"Ride me, baby." Your hands come to my waist and lift me slightly up, my legs straddling your hips as I feel your cock hard and ready underneath me. Reaching between us, I grasp your cock and guide it back into my slick pussy. Sliding down, I feel you fill me up and I grind my hips against you. Your hands stay on my hips, slipping back to grab my ass as I start to move. I lay my palms against your chest and flex my hips as I rock on top of your cock.

"You feel so fucking good!" You smile at me; releasing your hand and bringing it back down with a resounding slap to my ass.

I buck against you, moaning, picking up the pace as my pussy calls out for release. Your hips thrust up against me and I ride you, arching my back to take all of you deep inside.

"Baby........Baby!" I cry out, as my pussy squeezes against your thick cock, an intense shudder coursing through my body. You thrust deep once more, your fingers digging into my ass, as your cock blasts and more hot cum fills my pussy.

Your arms circle me and you lean up to kiss me deeply, your cock twitching the last of its load into me. I throw my arms around you and grind my hips down, not wanting to break this contact.

You lay back, taking me with you, and we collapse back on the bed, my body slick and trembling. Your hands run over my hair as my head rests on your chest.

"Even better than I imagined." I whisper.

"That's just the beginning," You murmur, "We have all night!"