 Thank you for coming back to enjoy the story and travels of Dave as he gets his mojo back. Please look forward to more of the story of Dave and Carla before our "hero" travels to again. I appreciate any feedback you might have.

*****

Dave woke up first as the flight attendants started to prepare the cabin for landing in LA. He pinched himself to make sure that the first part of the fight wasn't a dream. Sure enough, there was Carla curled up snuggled next him, hugging his muscular and athletic right arm. Her quiet snoring sounded like a kitten's purr. 

Dave rubbed her thigh with his right hand and brushed her hair back with his left. She stirred and intimately kissed him on the cheek. "Are we getting ready to land?," she asked.

"Yes, they are telling us to get ready for the descent." Dave replied.

"You should have woke me earlier, we could have had fun before we landed," Carla whispered his ear seductively

"I just woke myself. Did you have sweet dreams?"

"Yes, I did. But I also had dirty, nasty dreams about all of the things are going to do to me in Palm Spring," she replied stroking his cock thru his khakis. Dave blushed some. "It was not a dream," he thought to himself and "it is going to continue in California."

"Sounds like my dreams true."

"Well, Mr. Dave. It is my intent to make your dreams come true," she said out loud as she kissed him deeply."

Then she sat up, "But here is the deal. This is actually a work trip for me. And while I would like you to fuck with that eight-inch cock of yours for three straight days. We both have some work to do. Do you have a ride to the resort?"

"Yes, my firm hired a car," he replied hoping the flirting was not over.

"Good. My team arrived a couple of days ago. My assistant will be picking me up. I have to race out the resort and make sure that arrangements are well on the way. I hope you understand."

"Of course, I do."

"Great, baby. Here is my schedule," she said as she pulled out her iPad. "Unless things have changed since emails last night, I will check in with my team upon arrival. Then we'll have a few hours where we will get our massages and spa treatment. I want to look perfect for you because we'll also have time for you to fuck me."

"Sounds good so far."

"Then I will be hosting my team and other early arrivals, like yourself for a cocktail hour with heavy finger food. We'll hang out in the bar and then you'll have your way with me, until I have to go to work Thursday making final arrangements for Friday and Saturday."

"I get it. I also have to set up on Thursday as well."

"I will assign someone to take care of you on Thursday and Friday for your presentation. I will course be taking care of you at all other times," Carla replied with a wink. "Friday, I get to see you in action and Friday night is our 'formal awards' dinner. I will be busy getting ready for that and picking up the executive team of the Chairman of the Board, my boss, the CEO, COO, CFO, and one or two others from the Board," She explained without even looking up from the iPad.

"Wow. Heavy hitters."

"I will, introduce you to all of them. But I want you to spend time with the CEO, who is really my day-to-day boss. I want to show you off. Did you bring a tux?" 

"No, I didn't. Didn't know that I needed one."

"I'll have it taken care of. Even though, I have not had my hands all over yet; I bet you're a 46 Regular, right."

"You're good. But I prefer a 46," Dave replied. Carla made a note on her iPad. "What about your measurements?"

"Well, you probably can't tell but: 36-24-34." Dave whistled and silently thanked the heavens for his good fortune.

"Sorry, baby. I shifted into work mode there a little bit, but I wanted you to know that I am looking forward to taking advantage of me in any way that you want, but I do have to do my job," she said as she put away her iPad. "And this weekend, a part of my job will taking care of you in every way," she whispered as she kissed deeply on the mouth and quickly and gently squeezing his half erect cock.

Dave was enjoying his ride to Palms Springs in the back of the Lincoln TownCar. Carla was indeed in work mode. After holding hands for the reminder of the flight, they hugged deeply before getting off the plane. And two minions were waiting for her. One had to be her assistant and the other took her carry-on. Carla was already giving direction and off they went. 

He was looking forward to this weekend. Of course, he had to facilitate a leadership seminar on Friday, but he had most of Thursday to prepare and it was only about five hours of work. And of course, Carla's promises of sexy debauchery excited him. He could not wait to be alone with her tall, athletic, toned and sexy body.

As the driver announced his arrival to the resort, he was pleasantly surprised with the squalor. This place was five-star all of the way. Golf course, tennis courts, a couple of pools, this place had the works. It was as if they had taken a Caribbean resort and placed it in the middle of a desert. "This will work for a couple of days," Dave thought to himself.

They were ready for him at the front desk as the driver retrieved his luggage. "Mr. Dave, sir?," the receptionist inquired as he approached. "We have been expecting you."

"Yup, that's me."

"Well, I hope your drive from LAX was nice. We have everything set up for you, sir. Your bags are already been taken to your room," she said as she gave him two keys.

"She said you were cute, but not so tall handsome," the clerk said too loud.

Dave instantly blushed. As he opened the packet she had given him. "She had you upgraded to a king bed suite. And she left you a note, sir. Enjoy your stay," she said as she winked at him.

As Dave walked to the elevator, he read the note from Carla: "Dave, I can't wait for you to fuck me." And just then he remembered her panties in his pocket.

Dave opened the door to his room, and the attendant was still there with his bags. He tipped the young man and started to take the tour of the large suite. There was champagne on ice and there was bourbon and gin on hand with everything he needed for his two favorite drinks. He had told her that those were his favorite. Hanging in the closet was a black Armani tux. There was a plush robe and slippers and an appointment card for his massage on the bed.

Just as he was getting ready to re-read the note from Carla, there was a knock at the door. And just as Dave had hoped, it was Carla. Wearing only her robe and slippers, ready for his massage.

"They told me you had checked in," she said as she walked into the room. Dave shut the door and grabbed her. They kissed passionately. "I am yours, Dave. Take me." He took the hint and dropped her robe. Carla kicked the slippers off and rubbed her naked body all over Dave as their tongue explored and probed each other's mouths.

"Let's get these clothes off of you, baby." And Carla took off all of Dave's clothes and hung them in the closet, looking at Dave seductively the entire time. Dave's cock throbbed erect in front of him. Carla took him to the edge of the bed and sank to her knees.

"I have been wanting this cock in my mouth again since we landed." She slowly licked his entire shaft slowly. She looked up, "watch me, suck you off." Dave obliged as she took his bulbous head into her mouth, twirling her tongue around it, moaning softly. "Suck it, baby. Take it all." And without hesitation, she took his length into her throat. Bouncing her head up and down while holding and softly massaging his balls with one hand while pinching her own nipples with the other hand. "I can't take anymore - on the bed," he said as he lifted her head up. They kissed again, pressing their naked bodies together.

This was the moment that he had waited for - to be between her legs, to feel her warm wetness around his cock. He knew he was not going last long, so he delayed his inevitable orgasm as best he could.

He pushed her on the bed on her back playfully. "Let me see you play with your pussy." And obediently, Carla started stroking her labia and clit. Her bushy mound was glistening with anticipation wetness." Dave was enjoying his newfound power. "Now put a finger inside." She immediately, inserted a finger between the folds of her swollen pussy lips. As she fucked herself for him and twisted her own nipples with her free hand, she looked at him waiting for more instructions. "Now, a second finger." With a soft whimper, she began to fuck herself feverishly with two fingers. Dave noticed her long toned sexy tanned legs starting to quiver and spasm. "Don't you cum, yet." "Yes, baby. Anything you want, baby," she immediately responded never taking her stare off of him.

He could tell that she was on the edge. And so was he. Dave's dick was rock hard. "Are you ready for me, Carla?" "Yes, omigod, yes. Please cum fuck me."

"Are you sure?" Dave playfully asked. "Yes!" she gasped. "I need your cock."

"Taste yourself. Suck your fingers," he said as he approached her with his cock in his hand. He hovered over her slightly and took her fingers in his mouth to taste what was left and entered her balls deep in one stroke, completely giving herself to him.

"Ahhhhh," Carla moaned aloud. Thank goodness this room was so big to drown out the noise, Carla was making. Her legs immediately wrapped around him as he began stroking her and pounding her pussy with reckless abandon. "I'm cumming!" Carla screamed. "I'm cuuuummming." Dave was somehow empowered by this and with a fit of stamina, continue to fuck her with long slow strokes as Carla panted and slowly came down from her intense orgasm. 

"Don't stop fucking me, baby, please," Carla encouraged him. Dave did not know how he could hold out so long. This gorgeous woman was giving herself completely to him with her legs and arms wrapped around him, her pussy still pulsating around his cock.

He turned her over, and she knew exactly what he wanted and she got on all fours for him. She looked back him, encouraging him with her eyes. "I'm yours, baby. I'm your slut. Fuck me like it, please."

Dave entered her from behind and again with a fervor and energy he did not know he had. He pounded her from behind. She bucked against him, taking every thrust. "Yes! Yes! Fuck me, baby." Grabbing her hips, Dave fucked her hard. The loud slapping noises were filling the large suite. Carla screams echoed around the room. He grabbed her long dirty blonde hair and Carla arched her back to get more of him inside her. He slapped her ass. "Yes, baby, slap my ass. I am your slut." He slapped her ass again, holding her hair in his left hand, leaving a red mark impression of his hand. "Yeeessss...take me baby. I'm yours. Use me." 

Dave did not know how this was happening with a woman he had only known a few hours. He had one-night stands before but never with this much passion and energy. He slowed the pace slightly, and Carla was panting and moaning. 

"Are you ready to cum again, baby?" 

"Yes, I want to cum on your fat cock...Yes!" Carla panted loudly. Dave then licked his index finger, and slowly inserted into her asshole - fucking her ass with his finger as he slowly long stroked her pussy from behind. He saw her hands clench the sheets in her fists on the bed.

"Ooooh, Dave. That feels so good. You can have my mouth, my pussy, and my ass.," Carla exclaimed as her body convulsed in another orgasm.

Her body still shaking, Dave reached to Carla's chin, pulled her face to the side and kissed her. "I am going to cum in your ass," he growled in her ear.

"I want you to feel your big cock cum in my ass baby. Take it! Use my ass for your cum."

Without any delay, Dave rubbed the head of his cock; wet with her cum on her sphincter and she back into him slowly. "Oh it is so tight, baby," Dave sighed. "Stretch me out and cum in my ass," Carla responded lustily.

Dave had control of Carla and this whole situation and was liking it. He pressed inside her and her ass surrendered to him as the rest of her body. "Stroke your clit while I fuck your ass." She immediately obliged and her breathing was, even more, labored. He felt her legs and lower body quivering a precursor to another massive orgasm. 

Dave slapped her on the ass, "Don't you cum yet. Don't cum until I cum," as he slapped her ass again to make his point. Her only response was gasping, "Yes, baby."

Dave increased the pace and fucked her hard in her ass as if he would never fuck her again. The tightness was more than he could handle. He was drenched in sweat. "I gonna cum, baby. Cum with me." "Yes, baby. Fill my asshole with your cum." And that was all Dave could take as he felt that familiar stirring in his loins and his balls twitch and with one final last hard long stroke, "I'm cumming," he shouted as he slapped and grabbed her ass. "I'm cumming, too. Baby. I can feel your hot cum in meeeee!!" as Carla matched his shout.

Dave collapsed and rolled off to Carla left. They had been in the middle of the king sized bed. Carla assumed her position cuddled up next to Dave, kissing his neck and ears. Her hands explored his chest and stomach as they caught their breath. 

Dave closed his eyes and let the moment wash over him. "I don't know what came over me. But that was awesome," he said staring up at the ceiling. Carla got up on one elbow and looked him in the eye, "You're better than awesome and there is more to come this weekend baby." 

"I thought I had gone too far there for moment, Carla."

"Dave, I told that I was old-fashioned. You can have me anytime, anyway you want, but now we have to get ready for our spa visit."

Dave kissed her thinking that he had never been with a woman that so powerful and so sexually submissive in his life.