 "Drip.....drip.....drip....."

 I sat in my cramped apartment alone listening to this like I did every other day. It has been a week since I got layed off and already I feel the pressure of taxes and bills on my back. The insurance company I worked at had folded leaving me and many others unemployed; luckily, I had been smart and saved enough. I have a nice apartment (even though there's a leak in the tap) and a nice new BMW, however I have no one to love. 

 As soon as I lost my job Rémi left me all alone I never knew he only wanted my money. Looking back I should of know those nights spent with him were only leading up to the borrowing of money. Thinking of this I recline on the couch and feel my housecoat open slightly. I look down at my breasts and feel the urge to massage it while I watch a programme. 

 After much channel changing and writhing against pillows I stop at a movie; a young girl has a man's cock in her hand. She has it grasped firmly and is pulling at it as he calls her on....I slide my hand under my panties and feel the sticky wetness as I rub and rub...my clit begins to throb and swell oh how I need someone.... Knock knock knock!....

 I suddenly bolt upright realising there's someone at the door I absentmindedly close my housecoat and bolt towards it trying to act casual. I open the door and peer around the corner before undoing the chain. It's my landlord Monsieur Cardin.

 M. Cardin is an older man, he's tall and quite chubby, his dark hair and brown eyes can catch your attention quickly or make you feel like you should look elsewhere. His children all live with their mother and he is living alone in one of the many apartments of Montréal.

"Mme Thibault I don't want to bother you so late in the evening but we must discuss your lack of rent for this month...things are tight you know." While mentioning this he played nervously with the top of his sweatpants and pulled his t-shirt down farther. 

I looked at him and I realised if I invited him in and a gave a sob story he may give me an extension of time. 

"Would you like to come in and discuss this over coffee M. Cardin?"

"Well erm...I suppose so....quickly you know....I don't want to keep you awake...please call me Claude...."

He came in and suddenly looked over at the T.V. screen, I blushed and rushed over to turn it off.

"I was in the middle of changing channels and....well...!" I quickly threw down the remote control my pale cheeks turning pink.

"Nevermind...I watch that myself.....oh well not a lot I mean I've seen it before..." his face was a bit flustered as I led him to the kitchen to change the subject.

He watched me carefully as I fill the coffee machine then sat down to chat, my dark curls unruly as usual for the evening. 

"Mme. Thibault....will you be able to pay soon?"

"I lost my job..."

"Oh dear....well have you ever considered a room mate?"

"No..I could never do that I enjoy my privacy you know..."

"Well if you cannot do that you can leave or there's another option..." His face suddenly turned stern and businesslike and I was caught off gaurd.

"What other option...?" I said delicately. 

He got up and grabbed a handful of his crotch it's bulky outline prominent through his pants. "Become my little fuck slut..."

I sat there paralyzed...here he was his greedy little face a look of hunger as he worked his balls through the fabric..and there I was...if I didn't have this place where would I go...?

"I'll take that as a yes...get on your knees and suck..." he grabbed my hair making me get down...suddenly his pants were pulled off and I was face to face with a huge throbbing sweaty cock. He pushed me forward a bit so then I took a mouthful...goodness it was big....I could feel it filling my mouth...the smell was almost addictive, his scent was so masculine...I raised a hand to massage his balls as I felt him grow harder in my mouth...little bits of precum making me want more. My moans were stiffled by him shoving it in farther and farther....

"Oh oh yess....suck you filthy slut....."

I sucked harder and harder the moaning of him driving me on to taste more...I could feel his body tense as he got closer and closer to releasing his sweet load. Finally after much sucking his hard aching cock pulsed a huge load of cum all over my eager face. It was so warm and sticky I took some on my finger and tasted it, he looked down at me and smiled and commanded me to clean up his fat limp cock.

"Mmmm now I want you to go lie down on your bed...."

I obeyed walking through my many piles of books and numerous house plants until I was lying on my duvet completely naked and exposed to him. I watched him take off the remainder of his clothing his chubby body sweaty and hot. Suddenly he was on top of me...his fat tounge prodded around in my mouth deliciously..he then began to kiss my neck his thick hands rubbing against the soft skin of my breasts flicking my nipples....I began to breathe faster and faster my pussy getting very wet...

I watched him as he kissed slowly down my body, then suddenly a pair of fingers thrusted into my pussy..pumped in and out of my tight wet hole..faster and harder than at first..I began to writhe and moan especially when he began to rub my swollen red clit with the other hand....he pumped them in and out until every muscle in my body tensed.....then I came my body quivering with orgasm.

The room smelt of my pussy as I closed my eyes to savour the feeling. I felt a tounge on my clit ready to make me cum again....his little piggy face was between my legs licking me like he was starved...I felt him suck my clit and felt myself get closer and closer......his licking and sucking getting harder and faster I began to writhe like a cat in heat, my legs spread wide and held there by his hands while he tasted my sweet pussy juices and I came again.... "How was that?" he said panting and pulling me against him my breasts pressed agianst his chest. "S-s-s-ooo good......." I said almost in shock. He began to kiss and fondle my breasts again then I felt a hard cock form...he was hard and ready for me.

I saw it again in it's full glory, all eight inches glistening and at their thickest.Then as I lied there he shoved it in my pussy so hard and fast I let out a surprised moan.I felt my walls stretch to fit in this huge cock....his hips began to thrust slow and deep....my juices running down our legs as he fucked me. Then he looked down at me his face red and out breathing heavy he gave me a really hard fuck....he was going at me so fast my whole body was shaking, my poor C-Cup breasts were jiggling uncontrollably under the force of his bulk...I felt my pussy get more and more swollen....

"Oh Claude....! fuck me....fuck me....yesssss...." He let out a loud moan and forced himself into me nice and deep shooting a hot gob of cum deep in my pussy he made a few more strokes then removed himself his hot sweaty body collpasing on top of me....

I never knew old men could feel this good.