 Erica sat in her car the hotel parking lot. She looked at her phone ... "Room 107. The door is ajar. Come on in." She took a deep breath.

They had met online ... a dating site for those who were married and wanted to have an affair. 

Women on the site wanted to meet in person, desiring an ongoing affair with that special man, or seeking to relive their carefree college years, making up for lost time, not wanting to really connect with anyone, but wanting to embark upon an erotic adventure with multiple partners. Most had sincerely thought about what they were seeking, and had taking quite the pragmatic approach before registering. Sure, they might have created a profile out of curiosity, late one night when the husband and children were in bed, but before walking down the path of more serious intentions, they had contemplated their situations, and the potential consequences of their decisions and actions, establishing well defined parameters before ever responding to the countless messages they would find in their "inbox" every time they logged onto the site. 

As expected, most of the men were merely looking for causal sexual encounters, although some sincerely wanted a more substantial relationship. However, like the overwhelming vast majority of the male species, they would adjust their intentions, boundaries, and parameters on the fly. 

Whether male or female, something was missing in their marriages or their relationship with their significant other, a term which seemed to be more in vogue, and a bit more elusive. Regardless of their true status, they had grown tired of the mundane, and wanted to explore their sexuality, and discover or rediscover a freedom and sense pleasure that eluded them in their day in and day out lives. They perhaps wanted to rekindle a spark or find passion, hopefully, without blowing up their "normal" world or upsetting the status quo, whether it was for children, financial reasons, or standing in the community ... or whatever. They were lacking something, maybe sex, maybe something else, but for a myriad of reasons, they found their way to this unique, taboo online community. 

Erica and Asa were part of a smaller group who were married or attached, but wanted something different, less disruptive, and a bit more safe ... to chat and find a confidant ... to connect with someone on an intellectual level and perhaps emotional level, and perhaps, share secret desires and fantasies, and quite possible, have a harmless "online affair." At least consciously, neither had any intention of ever meeting anyone for coffee or drinks, and most definitely not "hooking up" with someone, or moving beyond merely exchanging emails and chatting when they had the opportunity.

Erica had sifted through the numbers of potential "candidates" who were looking to "hook up," or just didn't seem to have the substance for a meaningful relationship, albeit online. She had tired of receiving pictures of men's erect penises or being asked what she was wearing or her bra size within the first few messages. She had also grown weary of beginning an ongoing conversation with a man who seemed to have potential, whose stated purposes were similar to his own, only to discover quite quickly he couldn't carry on an intelligent, stimulating conversation, or that he was constantly trying to convince her to just meet for drinks or coffee. 

Asa faced an uphill struggle from the start. In his search criteria, he established a few physical characteristics, but also a few that would ensure he met someone with the emotional and intellectual capacity to stimulate his interest. Also, unlike most men, he wasn't looking for a significantly younger woman who had no life experience and who wasn't at a similar stage of life. True to his stated intention, he really did want to meet a person of substance, similar to himself ... intelligent, well-educated, and well-read, willing to move slowly and take time getting to know each other, realizing that they would probably never meet, but still developing a purposeful and meaningful relationship.

Eventually, Asa broadened his search. If indeed he did want to have an online relationship, distance didn't really matter. He lived and worked in DC for most of the year, commuting to New York where his wife lived and worked on weekends and during the summer. Erica lived in Raleigh. On virtual paper, he was the type of man with whom she wanted to connect. She was exactly the type of woman he desired? Consequently, they decided to chat and get to know each other. 

After a few emails and discovering more about each other, the attraction was immediate. For both, it took some restraint to continue to move slowly, and keep their emails to a moderate count and their chat sessions to a more limited time frame. Since Asa lived by himself, he could chat anytime. Late evening worked best for Erica, after her husband, an early riser, and the children had gone to bed. 

They connected intellectually and emotionally, and quickly opened up to each other about lives ... family, work, personal interests, and then the on goings and happenings in their daily lives. Eventually, they began to chat and share about but their unmet wants, needs, and fantasies. Even online the sexual chemistry was evident. They eventually exchanged pictures, modest at first, just to have an image of the person at the other end of the virtual connection. Seeing each other only intensified their attraction and desire to continue chatting and progressing in their digital affair. They developed a bond, a connection she didn't think was possible simply through email and chatting. Early on, they decided not to talk or text, just to be safe. He was a good writer and communicator, but mostly, he possessed a raw, inhibited sexual energy that excited her from the beginning. She was nervous at first, even though their affair was online. She was apprehensive to type certain words, and express her thoughts, feelings, and desires so openly. Yet, over time, their trust and comfort level increased, and nothing was taboo. They continued to talk about their lives, topics, and issues of the day, but mostly of their sexual longings and fantasies, which became more intense, more explicit ... more real each and every time the chatted.

Ironically, Erica was the one to make the first more aggressive move. Just like he did every morning, Asa looked at his phone to see if he had received any email from several accounts he maintained, including the Yahoo account he used exclusively for Erica, an account and to email and chat with her. The notification that caught his attention was an email from her, with an attachment. He opened the email and then the attached file, which caught him completely by surprise ... a tasteful, sexy picture of her, standing in front of her bathroom mirror, wearing only her panties, her left arm covering her left breast with her hand, cupped over the other, her erect nipple exposed through her fingers.

The night before, they had engaged in a particularly intense and erotic session of cybersex, a first for them, in which they had met at a bar and eventually found their way to a hotel room, only after he had almost brought her to orgasm by fingering her clit under the table. After logging off, she was almost dripping wet. She had gone to the bathroom since her husband was already asleep, and masturbated, thinking of Asa, remembering what they had just experienced together. Her climax almost overwhelmed her, causing her to shudder, and gasp and moan so loudly that she thought she might wake her husband. Without over thinking and rationalizing herself out of it, she took the picture and sent it to him, without any subject or text message, not allowing herself to change her mind. After sending it, she was so aroused she almost masturbated again, but decided against it.

Asa was taken aback. As he continued to stare at the picture, he reached below the covers and began to stroke his already hardening cock. He thought for a minute, and then, got out of bed and went to the bathroom. He took a picture of himself in only his boxers. It was quite apparent that his cock was hard and erect.

He composed a brief response ... "I can't think of a no better way to start the day. Your picture had quite the effect on me ... as you can see. Have a great day."

They chatted that night, catching up on the events of the day, then, had another virtual encounter, this time, with a bit of visual stimulus from earlier in the day. They constructed a narrative that had them meeting at a conference both of them were attending, eventually going back to his room. However, this time, through a quasi-plausible series of events, he brought another woman into the experience, which he knew was a fantasy of hers.

When the woman started to go down on her, she moved her hand to her breast, which she cupped, and then began to rub, moving her hand to her nipple, tweaking, and then pinching it. Then, as she continued to read Asa's description of their fantasy in which she sucked his cock while the woman continue to bring her to orgasm, making sure her husband was already asleep, she moved her hand down between her legs where she could rub her mound over her panties. As the online fantasy continued, she slipped her hand inside her panties, to finger her wet pussy, and rub her hardened and raised clit.

Since Asa lived by himself in his own place during the week, it was quite easy for him to stroke his hard cock, first over his boxers, and then beneath them. 

After the climax in their narrative, which had him behind her, fucking her, while she licked the other woman's pussy, he retired to his bed and she to the bathroom to masturbate, and complete the task separately which they had both begun together.

Over the next month, the pictures became slightly more revealing. She revealed one of her breasts, and then both, and she took a picture of her ass in a thong. He sent pictures in boxers, one pulled down to where she could see his pubic hair and another where the tip of his of hard cock was barely visible. It was fun and exciting, and added more and more intensity to their online chat sessions. 

They continued to communicate on a regular basis, both friendly and of an increasingly more erotic, more sensual, and more explicit nature. He wrote and shared a few fictional stories, and they began to share personal fantasies and deeper desires that in reality, they would probably never act upon. Even online, the chemistry and connection between them continued to grow.

One morning, just after exiting the shower, she paused and looked at herself in the mirror. She had toweled off, but was still damp. She watched herself, as she moved both hands to cup her breasts, and then twirl her nipples in her fingers. She moved her left hand across her chest as she moved her right hand down to her pussy. She rubbed the full length of her pussy, and began to massage her clit. She immediately felt herself getting wet, imagining it was Asa's finger on her clit ... his hand rubbing her breast. She lost herself, but only for a moment.

Before she could change her mind, she grabbed her phone and took a picture, in as sexy a pose as she could imagine. Both her breasts were exposed, her right leg, slightly in front of her left, but her freshly trimmed pussy in full view. The picture was perfect. She sent it to him with the caption, "See what you missing."

Asa didn't see the message until the end of his class, a research-based argumentative writing course for new doctoral students. The caption confused him, until he opened the attachment. His eyes widened, and he immediately felt his cock harden. He stared at it until he thought he was being too obvious. He simply responded, "Not fair."

They emailed throughout the day, and then chatted online later that night. He felt good knowing that she was comfortable enough, and trusted him enough to share the picture. He also wondered if she did have any ulterior motive, as she would only confess, "Oh, I just felt like it."

A few nights later, he was lying in bed, naked as was usually the case, looking at the picture, trying to take in every inch of her. He enlarged it on his phone, and imagined devouring this absolutely beautiful and completely desirable woman. As was normal, his cock hardened, and after a few strokes, it was completely hard and erect. He leaned back and took a picture. He typed in the caption, "I guess I just one-upped you," and hit send.

He had sent the picture late at night, after he knew she would be asleep. When she checked her email, she almost gasped. She immediately went to the bathroom where she could be alone. She stared at his hard and erect cock, this cock that she so much wanted inside of her. When she took a shower that morning, she masturbated and brought herself to orgasm, thinking of his cock, sliding in and out of her wet pussy.

She thought about him, and looked at the picture throughout the day. Why exactly did he send it? Was it merely his usual flirting, just taking it to the next level. Sure, she initiated this, but he definitely took it up in intensity level.

When she got home that evening, she went immediately to the bathroom and locked the door. She threw a towel onto the floor, sat down, and spread her legs. With her left hand, she spread the lips of her pussy, which was already getting wet, and positioned the camera with her right. It took her seven shots to get the picture she desired. She typed, "Your cock and my pussy ... they would look so good together, don't you think?" She paused only for a moment, and hit send. She took a shower and masturbated again, thinking of him, which was become a daily ritual.

This time he saw the picture, sitting at the desk in his office. He sighed and leaned back, staring at her pussy that he so wanted to touch, to taste ... to fuck. He thought, and messaged, "I so want you right now."

The flirting and pictures continued, but their online chat sessions became even more intense. One night, after about an hour, just before logging off he asked, "Are you alone?" She replied "Yes." He then went on to tell her to slide her hands insider her panties, and touch her clit, rub it. She complied. He told her to spread her legs, wider, and insert a finger, then two, then three. Again, she obeyed. She continued fingering herself, until he told her to return to her clit, telling her to rub it, harder, faster ... all the while he was stroking his cock, first, slowly and methodically, and then more vigorously. The communication became more disjointed as they got closer and closer to reaching an orgasm, which they did, almost simultaneously ... first him. When he typed that he had just cummed; it pushed her over the edge. She exhaled and moaned, and felt herself grow weak.

They chatted a bit, and then went to bed, having taken another step on the journey that seemed that seemed to have no real destination, but that they were both enjoying, and in which they were finding great purpose and pleasure.

Their "affair" continued for another two months online until the end of April. They continued to send pictures, and their chatting sessions, combined with mutual masturbation became more frequent. It was more difficult for her, making sure her husband was asleep or finding a time when she would be alone. As the middle of May approached, and the end of the Spring semester came to an end, he was only two weeks returning to New York for the summer. 

He finally broached the topic of "consummating" their relationship. They had been flirting with the idea, elusively, proposing a series of "what if's" and "wouldn't it be nice if we's," but he finally decided to be straight forward and ask. So, on the second Friday in May, she opened her email as usual. The subject line read, "Let's stop avoiding the inevitable ..." She read the email that proposed he drive down to Raleigh and that that meet. He suggested that they would have no expectations beyond one afternoon or evening together. Although, technically, it had the greatest potential of being a "one night stand" it wouldn't seem that way. She smiled and replied, "I thought you'd never ask." 

They knew that they needed to be together, in person at least once, to avoid future regret, and to possible take their online affair to a completely different level. Over the next few weeks they planned and decided on a day, time, and place. She would head out for the day like she was going to work, but take the day off. They would meet on the Thursday before he left DC for the summer, at 9 am. He booked the room for two days, planning to drive up the previous afternoon.

The Wednesday before their clandestine meeting didn't seem like it would ever arrive. He rose early and drove the five or so hours to Raleigh, arriving just before 11 am. He found a local sandwich shop and ate lunch, and then went to the hotel to check in. That night, they both resisted the temptation to chat or email each other. But, as soon as he woke up on Thursday, he emailed her, "Is it still a date?" When she saw the email, she responded, "Absolutely, and hopefully so much more."

Again, the early morning seemed to forever. 

She woke up earlier than usual, and dressed in her normal business attire. She wore a white blouse and blue skirt, with heels, however her bra and panties were lace, something she normally would wear to work. She had left the house a bit later than expected, and traffic slowed her some, but she still arrived by 8:55. She had emailed him that she would be a few minutes late, but she did not see his return message, "np" until she read the one with the room details and other instructions.

As she pulled into the parking lot of the Marriott, she felt the butterflies in her stomach, and a familiar tingle between her legs whenever she thought of him. She drove around and found a parking spot, as close to the entrance as she could. She read the email, and exited and locked the car, and headed toward the lobby.

She walked down the hall, looking behind her, her head on a swivel. When she found room, the door was slightly ajar as he said it would be. She paused, took a deep breath, and pushed it open and entered. He was lying on the bed, in boxers, no shirt. She shut the door, turned and started to speak, but he stopped her, putting his finger to his lips in a hushing motion. She walked toward him, until she was a few feet away from the bed until he motioned for her to stop. She complied, not saying a word. She could see he was already hard.

"Unbutton your shirt."