 Twenty-five year old Heather sat nervously on the couch in her small apartment, awaiting the arrival of her good friend Calvin, who was due to appear at any moment. Nervousness had set in some time ago, and she was now more nervous than she had ever been in her entire life. Even though they had been close friends for over ten years, she didn’t know how he would react to what she was going to ask him.

The waiting was torture, and she soon found herself pacing the room as she tried uselessly to stop the butterflies in her stomach, the pounding of her heart, and the racing of her mind.

This would be the day, she knew it, it would all work out for her, and she was so scared of the possibility that he would react badly.

Finally, fifteen minutes late, Calvin arrived, and she quickly showed him in and ushered him to the couch. “Sorry I’m late, I was caught in traffic. Are you going to tell me why you called? What do you need to talk about? I’ve been rather worried, are you ok?”

“I’m fine” she assured him, knowing full well that she mustn’t look fine, “I ummm, have something important to ask you, and please don’t freak on me, ok, I’m nervous enough as it is”

“Ok” Calvin said, becoming more concerned by the minute.

Heather took a deep breath and closed her eyes for a moment to gather her thoughts before she began, “Well we have known each other for a long time. I trust you, and I think you trust me”

“I do” he put in quickly before allowing her to continue.

“Well I’m twenty-five, still single, and a serious relationship doesn’t seem to be anywhere near for me”

“What are you saying?” he asked curiously, wondering if she was going to reveal some long hidden feelings for him or something.

“Calvin I want you to father my child”

Calvin almost passed out. This confession was the last thing he had expected from her, he had no idea she would ask something like this, she had, until now, given no indication that she had been considering this.

“Hear me out” she quickly put in before he could protest, “You don’t have to do anything other than impregnate me. I’ve wanted a child for so long, and I don’t want to just find some bastard at a club with aids or something, and screw him. I also don’t want some stranger who jacked off in a jar to be the father. I trust you, you are my best friend, and I’d rather you be the father than someone I don’t know”

“I…” he was totally lost for words, something which rarely happened to him, “I don’t know what to say”

“You don’t have to support the child in any way,” she continued, “And there is no reason our baby has to know its real father, I just want you to impregnate me, that’s all, no strings attached”

Calvin took a deep breath and thought things over for a minute or two, while Heather sat there patiently letting him think. He didn’t mind the thought of sleeping with her, she was quite attractive, and couldn’t understand why she was unattached, however that didn’t make the decision any easier.

He had never fathered a child before, and up until this moment he hadn’t thought much about being a father, even one where his responsibility was only to mate with the mother. It was ten minutes before the silence of the room was broken, much to Heathers relief, “Are you sure about this Heather? I mean, a child is a big responsibly, especially on your own”

“I’m sure” she insisted, “I want a baby, and I would be grateful if you would be the father”

He thought again for another few moments, “Well… when would we actually….” He trailed off.

“Well…” she took another deep breath to calm herself, “I have been checking my charts, and right now would be the perfect time to conceive, that’s why I called you over, I thought if you said yes things would be less uncomfortable if we got it over and done with now, without the waiting and all”

“Now?” he asked feeling his heart skip a beat.

“Its up to you, I don’t want to pressure you”

He let out a breath that until now he hadn’t realized he was holding, “Ummm… ok then, if that’s what you really want I would be happy to help you out”

She smiled and leapt into his arms, “Thank you so much, this means the world to me!”

He hugged her back, “That’s ok, its good to see you so happy”

She stood up and brushed her hair out of her eyes, “So ummm, do you want something to eat or something to drink or something?” she wasn’t sure what to say now, they were going to do it, and up until this point she had only thought about getting him to say yes to fathering her child, she hadn’t thought this far ahead.

“No I’m fine” he stood with her nervously, “Lets do this”

She nodded, and Calvin followed her to her room. Once inside she closed the door behind them, quickly searching the room with her eyes to make sure everything was right. The bed was made and ready for them to breed, she had done a tidy up earlier and made sure no dirty cloths of girly personals were laying around, everything seemed in place.

“Are you ready?” she asked nervously, wondering how all of this would go, since they had known each other for so long, and had never been involved with one another sexually.

“Yes” he said, and took the first move, pulling his shirt up and over his head.

Heather gasped at his muscular chest, feeling her excitement building, and removed her shirt too, slipping out of her shoes as she did, and kicking them aside. Next she undid her skirt and let to drop to the floor around her ankles, and a few moments later they found themselves standing naked in front of one another for the first time.

They both couldn’t help but explore each others bodies with their eyes, and Heather watched in awe as Calvin’s penis started to rise to the occasion, realizing that would be the penis which got her pregnant, which would soon be moving in and out of her wet cunt as he mated with her.

“How do you want to do this?” he asked her, letting her be in control of how this was going to transpire.

Taking her eyes off his bulge, she moved over to the bed. Calvin went with her, and she laid herself back, bringing her knees up and placing her feet flat on the bed.

Calvin got onto the end of the bed, and after asking her once again if she was sure she wanted this to happen, he started kissing his way up her right leg, feeling his penis getting harder by the minute as he thought of what he was about to do to her.

He rubbed her smooth, tanned legs with his hands, and started to kiss her thighs, feeling her shiver as he approached her womanhood. He licked the entire length of her slit in one big stroke of his tongue, before parting her lips with his fingers and using his tongue to penetrate her body.

She gasped, and he tasted her sweetness, locking his mouth over her pussy and causing her juices to flow into his mouth. She knew she wouldn’t need much foreplay, and as every second past she could feel her body becoming more and more excited, and it was driving her wild, she needed him to do this to her NOW.

She grabbed him under the arms and lifted him up to her. He took the hint, and started to suck her neck as she spread herself wider, giving his sex-organ room to work as her hands roamed his back.

“Do it to me” she whispered urgently, “Please! Make me pregnant”

“Oh god” Calvin laughed very nervously, and with that he thrust forward, and berried his cock into her awaiting pussy with one violent thrust.

She cried out, and wrapped her legs around his waist as he started pounding into her wet cunt, deep strokes, his cock head exploring her insides.

“Oh fuck” she moaned, “Oh god fuck me, fuck me!”

He wrapped his arms around her and thrust hard and deep, her cries driving him on as she thrust her hips up to meet his like a hungry animal, desperate for him to create a new life in her belly.

“Deeper” she begged, “Deeper, we need to..(gasp)… inject..(gasp).. the sperm as deep into me as possible”

Calvin couldn’t believe this. Heather, sweet little Heather whom he had know for so long now under him, begging him to get her pregnant and urging him on like a slut. It was the most erotic encounter of his life, and the hand of god couldn’t stop him from doing this to her now, there was no turning back for either of them.

She came, the room filled with her screams as he increased his thrusting, making sure he held out so that he could eventually unleash the pressure violently into her body.

“Ohhhhhhhhhh!” she moaned, “Keep going! Harder! Please faster! Deeper! Oh FUCK ME!!!!!”

He could feel her fingernails digging into his back, and it drove him on ever more, her legs wrapped around him, her nails in his back, her hips thrusting violently up to meet his, his balls slapping against her, the juicy noise between their legs and her desperate screams of passion, it was the best fuck of his life, one which was going to create a new life, and bring meaning back into Heathers life.

Calvin kept up his hard, fast pace, his breathing erratic and his heart on fire. 

They screwed like honey animals for what seemed like an eternity, until finally Heather felt the tingle of approaching orgasm again.

“Ohhh god!” she gasped, “I’m going to cum!!!! I’m going to cum!!!! Oh god cum with me!!! You have to cum with me!!! Make me pregnant!!! Make me pregnant!!! PLEASE!!!!!!”

That was it, he couldn’t take it any longer, his balls swelled his heart pounded and finally, he let himself go, the first burst shooting out into her like a bullet from a gun, the start of what was the most incredibly orgasm of his entire life.

The feeling of his hot sperm hitting the walls of her insides sent her over the edge again, and her body convulsed, unleashing its sexually energy as this man between her legs pump his sperm into her awaiting fertile body.

She locked her feet together behind his back, forcing him deep into her, determined not to let him go until every one of his sperm was swimming around in her stomach. “Oh god!” she gasped as they came together, “Oh god I’m gonna have a baby!”

“Oh fuck” Calvin moaned as his cock pumped its sperm into her, pulsating, spilling into her, their juices mixing to create new life inside of her.

They lay there, locked together, the male spilling into the female just like nature had intended.

Calvin propped himself up on his elbows and stared into her eyes, stroking her hair. Heather stared back at him lovingly, and he lent down to kiss her gently on the lips.

Finally their climax ceased, and it was another few minutes before Heather unwrapped herself from him and allowed him to withdraw.

Calvin rolled over onto his back, exhausted, and to his surprised Heather snuggled up to him, resting her head on his chest, and together they drifted off to sleep.

Calvin stayed with Heather for the next few days, until he was called away on business, their night together revealing feelings for each other that they didn’t know they had, and in that time they came together many times.

Calvin returned to her a few weeks later to the news that she was expecting his child, and he moved in with her to take care of her throughout her pregnancy.

She gave birth to a son exactly when the doctor had predicted, and a few months later Heather was married to Calvin, and together they raised their beautiful baby boy, and in the years that followed, their son Jay became a constant reminder of how Heathers request had bought them together, and bought meaning to both of their lives.