 After her first time Bill and Sally experimented with vanilla sex. Their routine included Wednesday night and Saturday night at his apartment. She'd stay over most Saturdays and they'd have some Sunday morning sex if he wasn't involved in a Sunday run. He generally ran with a group every third week.

On Wednesday nights the time constraints usually limited the couple's activities. Saturdays were more relaxed and gave Bill the time to introduce new experiences. This started on the first Saturday after he'd taken Sally's virginity.

On that night Bill picked Sally up at her apartment at about 6 PM. She was dressed nicely in a short skirt and figure hugging top. Even though the top wasn't obscenely tight Bill loved how it clung to her body- calling attention to her great tits and trim waist. Stockings and three inch heels made her legs look incredibly long and sexy. Overall the contrast between her current look and her librarian's mode of dress amazed and delighted him. 

They had drinks and dinner at a small restaurant near their usual bistro. It was a quieter and more romantic setting. Some extra privacy was afforded to their table by some potted palms nearby. Sally used the setting to lightly caress her breasts for Bill's enjoyment and observed, "I'm wearing a very skimpy bra. With my large nipples I'd think you might get a glimpse of some nipple bumps in my top."

Bill stared but said he didn't see any bumps which prompted Sally to use her fingertips to arouse her nipples. Looking down she smiled, pulled her arms back a little to present her chest more boldly and said, "Take another look."

"Ah yes. Very nice," said Bill, as he could see two very prominent bumps in the fabric of her top. It was a look he'd love her to have often but he knew that was never going to happen. She wasn't as repressed as she'd been but she was still conservative. She had the biggest nipples Bill had ever touched and played with but was embarrassed by them. She was slowly warming to the idea that Bill loved them but he doubted she'd ever show them off to others. Bill added, "If you could see my pants under the table you'd see that you've created another bump- significantly larger than either of yours."

He thanked her for the new bra and for showing him how thin the fabric must be. He asked if it was black and whether her panties matched. She said yes to both questions and received a broad smile in response. Bill then teased Sally by saying she was going to have a new experience when they got back to his place. She asked for more information but he refused. He told her not to let her imagination go wild; it would still be vanilla sex but in a different position which he thought she'd like.

Sally said, "Vanilla is nice. I'd like to try some other flavors soon but for now I love vanilla." Sally was turned on by the prospect of expanding her sexual knowledge and couldn't wait to get out of the restaurant. They skipped dessert and headed to his place. Bill's hand rubbing up and down her thigh for most of their drive to his apartment added to Sally's sexy mood.

Once in the privacy of his living room Bill started stripping Sally. He paused to check out her bra and enjoyed seeing her thinly veiled areola and nipples. "I wonder if we could cut out a small circle on each cup to allow your nipples to pop out. When dressed, your shirts would have incredible bumps and without the shirt they'd be presented perfectly for play." Sally gave him a frown to convey that his plan wasn't likely to happen. He added that he'd loved to play with her nipples right then but had other plans for the evening. 

Bill gently moved Sally to a place near one end of his couch and behind it where the upholstered back was about hip-high. He removed Sally's bra leaving her in just her high heels, garter belt, stockings and panties. The panties were just as sheer as the bra- veiling her trimmed Venus Mound rather than hiding it. He turned her and gently pushed her shoulders forward while holding her waist. Picking up on his movements Sally bent over the back of the couch resting her mid- section on the couch and supporting her upper body by extending her arms to the upholstered arm. She held that position as Bill stripped. His eyes checked out the sexy line of her ass and legs. The tight panties highlighted her ass nicely and the garter straps framed it. The stockings and heels reminded him of countless stripper and show girl photos he'd seen; her ass and legs really were sexy.

Bill came up behind her and gently fondled her ass and hips complimenting her on how sexy she looked and thanking her for wearing the garter belt and stockings. He crouched and ran his hands down her legs enjoying the silky feeling and visually appreciating the strong but feminine shape of her legs.

After one or two passes up and down her legs Bill's fingertips reached to the waist of her panties and slowly slid them down. At the floor Bill nudged first one and then the other foot so that he could totally remove the panties. In doing so he not too subtly moved each foot apart from the other. Well aware of his actions Sally's breathe tightened. While her experience was almost non-existent she already identified having a man spreading your legs with the first step of the sex act; it was incredibly sexy. He ran his hands up the inside of each calf and then pushed outward at her knees making it clear that he wanted her legs spread further. Sally moved her feet apart another few inches and was even more aroused. His hands continued slowly up on her inner thighs which Sally thought might have been the sexiest thing he'd ever done. 

He stood and one hand explored between her legs while the other took hold of her hip possessively. Sally loved each touch. With little further preparation Bill's cock pushed between her legs and his fingers guided it into her wet pussy. Sally gasped. She'd anticipated most of what he'd done but somehow was still surprised and sexually overcome by the sensation of being taken from behind. 

Without thinking Sally did what came naturally; she pushed back and sensuously rolled her ass as she reveled in being skewered by his large cock. Bill's hands grasped her hips firmly- putting him in full control. Once his cock was fully buried Bill slowly withdrew and then forcefully re-entered her- plunging to full depth as he pulled her ass back against him. Sally gasped with excitement which prompted Bill to withdraw and lever himself into her several times in rapid but unhurried succession. Sally's breathing and utterances made her excitement very clear.

"Fuck me. Fuck me hard. OH...it feels so good...," in slight variations was Sally's repeated refrain.

Bill's hands used her hips as handles as he pushed into her powerfully. They were both turned on by the strength and depth of his strokes. Sally had to hold onto the couch tightly just to stay in position. In fact, with one particular stroke the couch moved an inch or two on the carpet. Bill tempered his next strokes but he was still going deeper than the few prior times they'd had sex and both partners were well aware of it.

The movement of the couch seemed to lift Sally's excitement to a new level. She was almost delirious as she enjoyed being aggressively held and fucked from behind. Bill's cock felt great but it was really his overall lust that was pushing her to the edge. She was reveling in being taken so forcefully and in being in such a defenseless position. She'd never felt so dominated and hoped the feeling would last even though she was also getting anxious for a climax.



As she took each thrust Sally became aware that her breasts were swinging beneath her. It was an odd feeling and one she'd never experienced before. As yet another aspect of her first fuck from behind the out of control movement of her tits aroused her further. She couldn't help but try to watch her tits as they jerked violently forward and back. She wondered if Bill knew what he was doing to her tits; if he did he'd probably love to watch but couldn't from behind. She'd have to tease him about what he'd missed out on later.

Gradually Sally felt she was slowly being pushed toward the edge. Her body was out of control. Her pussy was super wet so there was barely enough friction for her excitement to slowly build toward the point of no return. She squeezed her Kegel muscles on Bill's cock- something she'd read about but never tried. Bill's reaction was so immediate and forceful that the couch moved again. Sally's ego grew along with her passion; she'd just clamped down on her lover's cock and made him jump. She was a full- fledged woman and becoming a pretty good lover. With some routine Kegel exercises she'd be able to devastate his cock at will. She squeezed him again, relaxed the tension and then repeated the cycle several times. She loved the idea that she was milking her lover's cock and laughed to herself that she had a new skill to post on Linked In.

After a minute of increasing passion Sally let out along low pitched moan and lost all control of her body as a strong climax washed through her. It felt like an electric current was flowing through her body- from her bouncing tits to her pussy. Paralysis took over as her muscles were overwhelmed. All she could do was enjoy and endure the release of her pent up sexual tension. It was an incredible sensation to be so intensely involved in such a physical act and yet to be powerless. As the electrical charge lessened she felt almost giddy. Not only was Bill not creepy- he could really fuck. She smiled at the thought that she'd just been fucked silly and had actively made it better for Bill.

Her orgasm stoked Bill's pride as he took pleasure in getting her off. He could feel his cum boiling up and cursing through the shaft of his cock. He knew he was on the edge of his climax and all he could do was enjoy it. Two strokes later he pushed into her as deeply as possible and held himself there as he came. Each of them felt totally spent but happy. Bill thought of it as the first time he'd really let himself go with her. He hadn't worried about her fears or preferences; he'd simply fucked her as hard as he wanted.

Sally was having similar thoughts as she realized that she'd just been fucked much harder than on her introductory weekend. He'd been like a lust driven animal. It had felt great and she loved that she'd brought out the animal in him.

Wednesdays were a little more mundane but also had a unique twist. On Wednesdays Sally would be coming straight from the library and so was dressed in her figure disguising tube top under a large sweater and ankle length skirt. Despite Bill's urgings she wouldn't let her breasts be evident anywhere on or near campus so once she arrived at Bill's and he stripped her of the constrictive tube they'd stay in for the evening. For all his complaining Bill had come to love the act of changing the repressed librarian into the sexy woman. There was something inherently kinky in unwrapping her tits and then fondling them. He loved that her tits were their secret. They were forbidden fruit that only he knew existed. He was allowed to unwrap and enjoy them but only in the private confines of his apartment. Bill joked with her that having her in his apartment with no bra available was his reward for letting her continue her staid fashion on campus. Throughout her visit he insisted she stay topless or wear a virtually transparent chemise when she wasn't totally naked.

Within minutes of her arrival Bill would have Sally topless and wearing only her panties- sexy ones that were very out of sync with her conservative clothing. He loved seeing her wearing just panties as it seemed to emphasize her chest and gave her an all over sexy look. Sometimes he'd give her the chemise to wear while they had some wine or snacks but she'd frequently be topless again in a half hour or less. They'd have sex before thinking about food. After sex a decision about what to do for dinner would take a few minutes as they cuddled in bed. They'd cook something or have Chinese food delivered for dinner. Afterwards they'd share some wine and have an hour's worth of sex. Sally would re-dress in her librarian's outfit and Bill would walk her home.

Over the next couple of weeks Bill gradually introduced Sally to several sexual positions and she enthusiastically found how each was different. They talked about the pluses and minuses of several positions to each of them and which positions were most enjoyable.

Sally pronounced 'doggy style'- which she defined as including their experiences with her bent over the couch- to be her favorite. She said it had been a fantasy of hers since a few years earlier when within one week she'd had two experiences that seared images in her mind. First, she'd seen some deer in the woods. She'd watched as a large buck mounted a small doe- it had been a scene of pure power and strangely beautiful as it was so natural. She couldn't see their actual coupling but was imaging how the male member would be pounded forcefully into the female. Soon human images replaced the animals in her mind. In her dreams that night she was the woman getting fucked almost violently from behind.

A few days later there had been an explicit sex scene in one of her erotic books describing a dominant man coming home from work to fuck his wife from behind while she bent over the back of their living room couch. The scene took place in front of a large picture window which heightened the raw sexuality in her mind. Again, that night her dreams included a similar scene in which she was the female being taken from behind by the window. In her dream several men walked by on the sidewalk and watched her being fucked as they passed.

Sally told Bill she was embarrassed to admit it but she loved the image of being bent over like an animal while her mate's big cock took her from behind. "The female is powerless to resist when she's bent over and being fucked like that," she said. "It's been a recurring dream of mine and experiencing sex that way with you hasn't disappointed. It's been great."

Bill responded that he'd be happy to be her animalistic mate anytime she needed him; if he came home and found her bent over the couch he'd know exactly what to do. In part because of her enthusiastic response the first time he'd taken her that way several times over their first few weeks of sex and each of them had loved it. He observed that it was one of the few times he got to appreciate her great ass and using his hands on her hips to control their coupling was a turn-on.

On their second Saturday together sexually Bill introduced Sally to having sex with her on top. To start he had her lay on top of him and lower herself onto his cock. They fucked for a short while that way but with Bill's guidance her position was soon changed to her kneeling above him while he was inside her. She seemed to enjoy having control over their pace and ground on his cock lustfully. The position also allowed her to experiment with some slight variations in position which seemed to change the scenario more than expected.

Initially she sat up straight and was a little unsure of herself. Well aware of Bill's eyes being riveted to her tits she soon leaned back a little with her arms drawn back to push her chest out and was thrilled to see and feel Bill's lustful reaction. His whole body seemed to tense with arousal and he bucked his hips up to get deeper penetration. His hands grabbed her hips and reached around to fondle her ass while attempting to hold her pussy in place for his pleasure. She could feel his lust in how he held her and ground herself on his cock. While holding her hips with one hand his other grabbed her tit and roughly fondled it. She could feel his palm deliberately sliding over her erect nipple and knew his cock was indirectly enjoying her big nub. She pushed her chest into his hand and watched him smile.

A little later she leaned forward -and supporting her upper body with her outstretched arms so that her tits were tantalizingly close to Bill's face. His mouth couldn't reach her tits but his desire to do so was clear. His eyes focused on first one and then the other breast as they swayed in front of him. Sitting back in the upright position she used her hands to play with her tits as Bill watched- a scene they both enjoyed so much that Bill almost bucked her off as his arousal grew dramatically.

Sally realized that being on top was essentially the first time she'd fucked Bill rather than him doing her. It took more effort than being the passive partner but was exhilarating. She wouldn't want to always be on top but it would be great from time to time. Realizing that they were both nearing orgasm, Sally pushed out her chest and squeezed her vaginal muscles as she aggressively ground on Bill's cock. In just a few seconds she could feel he was cumming and that pushed her over the edge too. Having fucked Bill for the first time she smiled broadly as she rolled off of him and all but collapsed next to him.

As they lay next to each after recovering Bill explained, "That was called the 'cowgirl' position. I think it has just become my favorite. Your tits and upper body looked fantastic as you rode me."

Sally replied, "I loved it too. I felt like I was flaunting my tits for you and you were eating it up. I also liked it when you were feeling me up while I rode you; it was as if looking at me was too much for you and you couldn't help but grab my tits."

Bill replied, "Even if I could resist the urge to grab you, why would I? I love to fondle your tits and being able to watch as my hands assault them is the best."

That evening as Bill walked Sally home she said, "On Saturday I'd like to do some shopping on the Internet with you. There are some leather cuffs and things like that I thought we might buy."

Bill said, "Obviously, we could do that but you've just begun having regular sex. Do you think you're ready for kink?"

"Yes. I've been fantasizing for a long time. I don't think I need much sexual experience to be tied up and have you tease me, punish me or fuck me- my role is just to receive or do what you tell me."

"Okay. I must say you've picked up on the basics of vanilla sex quite quickly and quite well."

"I like to think so. Obviously, we'll still have regular sex most of the time; the kink would just be occasional"

"Correction. The kink will be when I decide; it could be more often than you think. We'll see."

On Saturday Sally reminded Bill about her planned shopping and said she'd already researched several sites that had the cuffs and sex toys she thought might be perfect. Bill took her by surprise in telling her to write down the addresses of the sites. He also told her to write down her bra size and other measurements for clothing he might buy. He'd be doing the shopping without her and would decide what to buy. If he needed an additional measurement or other assistance he'd let her know. She sheepishly accepted his refusal and wrote down her measurements and three websites- disappointed that she was not going to participate in the shopping.

Bill further surprised Sally by telling her to use the toilet and then come into his bedroom naked. She followed his direction and on entering the bedroom was excited to notice some shiny ropes hanging from the corner posts of the bed. She was directed to lie on her back and lay there tensely as Bill fastened each arm and leg to its closest bedpost. She was excited but nervous since Bill hadn't given her any warning that he was planning this. She'd also envisioned sexual foreplay before being bound- not simply being stripped and tied up. Of course, the element of surprise in his behavior was inherently arousing. She was looking forward to being helpless and at his sexual mercy.

After all four limbs were bound she'd instinctively tested and found them to be secure; she really was helpless. Sally then watched with interest as Bill approached the bed with a black scarf or necktie in his hand. It took her a few seconds to realize he was going to blindfold her. That should have been foreseeable but since this was all new to her she hadn't thought about it. Shivers went through her as he tied the fabric over her eyes.
