 It was four-twenty five, and the roads were jammed with the usual rush hour congestion. I reached down and turned the vents of my AC grille toward my face, feeling the cool breeze across my flushed, sweaty forehead. It had been a very hard day; I had already done seven repair calls, and was feeling the overwhelming wave of fatigue that usually hit me at this hour of the day. I was looking forward to getting home and relaxing with a nice shower and a delicious meal. My mind wandered as I thought of being home; my castle, my domain. I loved it there; it was my reward for the hard work of my demanding job. Being an air conditioning technician in Southern Florida is difficult, but in all of the years that I had been doing it, I never wanted for something to because of lack of work. Everyone in the entire state had an air conditioner, and I was always very busy.

My mind wandered to my wife, to whom I had been married for five years. She would be home from her own demanding job by now, and would be cooking, anticipating me walking in the door. Her smiling face flashed in my mind, and I thought of her soft, warm body pressed against my, her hands caressing me gently. I paused in my thoughts, shaking my head. Lately, it seemed, all of my thoughts had, in one way or another, led to explicit sexual fantasies. I spent the entire workday fantasizing about various situations, usually involving any attractive woman that crossed my path! I had never even considered being unfaithful to my wife, but the fantasies always helped me to deal with the day’s drudgery. 

I was now forty years old, this particular “birthday event” being a semi-traumatic incident in my life. When I was younger, forty seemed so old! Ancient! Every day, I would look at myself in the mirror, searching my face for signs of old age. I was about five foot six, around one hundred and fifty pounds. My hair closely cropped and I proudly sported a goatee beard that was increasingly appearing to change color before my very eyes.

“There it is! Another gray hair!” I would say, my wife shaking her head, laughing under her breath at my vanity.

I had begun a daily exercise regimen, involving running, sit-ups, and other routines, and had succeeded in losing a large amount of the weight that I had accumulated in my thirties. I was finally at the same weight that I had been in high school, and had never felt better physically in my life. However, no matter how hard I tried, the specter of my impending mortality refused to leave my mind. 

The one thing that I did not expect was the increase in my sex drive. It seemed I was always horny! The smallest thing could set me off; a passing glance from an attractive woman, a sexy walk, a nice pair of legs, sometimes just a woman’s voice, or her eyes. My appreciation of the opposite sex had increased exponentially with my age.

Even now, as I sat in the crawling parade of rush hour traffic, I thought of my wife’s naked body, laying in wait on our queen sized bed, her legs spread invitingly…..

RRRRRRRRRRRIINNNGGGG…

Suddenly, the sound of my cell phones ringer nearly made me jump out of my skin! I angrily picked it up from its dash-mounted holder, pushed the “answer” button, and pressed the phone to my ear.

“Hello.”

“Nick?”

“Yeah.”

“This is Ron.”

“Yeah. I know. What up?”

“Got one more call for ya, Slick.”

I groaned audibly. 

“Oh, come on! I've been killin’ myself today!”

“Yeah, Nick, I know, but you’re the best we’ve got, and this is a regular customer! Help me out here, Bud!”

I grew silent, a sure sign to my boss that I was consenting.

“Ah, what the hell. I could use the overtime. Where is it?”

“Ritzy place on the island. Some rich lady, a Mrs. Ashley. Pays cash and I hear she tips, too!”

I smiled. “Yeah, right, that’s what you always say, Ron.”

“21 Ocean Way. Use the service entrance.”

“Whatever. Thanks Ron.”

I then called my wife, letting her know that I would be working late again. I hated the disappointment in her voice at this news. She loved me so much, and worried about me constantly.

I set down the phone, let out a big sigh, and looked for the next exit off the Interstate.

I found the address painted on a sign in front of a pair of high, wooden gates. I turned my van into the driveway, and stopped next to a small security station. Rolling my window down as I pushed the button marked “CALL”.

Nothing.

I pushed it again, harder.

Still nothing.

Disgusted, I started to roll my window up.

“Yes?”

The loud voice blurting from the box startled me.

I lowered the window back down.

“Air conditioning.”

“Yes... Thank God, you’re here. Come in!”

The large wooden gates began to open slowly. I knew what to expect. This person would be an old, spoiled rich lady, expecting me to fix the problem quickly and with minimal interference in her sheltered life. I had done hundreds of these calls and I knew the routine. My appointed role was to kiss their ass, and hope for a tip.

I guided my service van down the winding, gravel driveway, the rocks grinding under my heavy tires. The vegetation on either side of the road made a kind of “tunnel” effect, the queen palms, bougainvillea, and sea grape brushing against the side of the vehicle softly as I slowly made my way toward the main house. The driveway forked ahead, a sign indicating a right hand turn for service, a left hand turn for guests. I smiled to myself, thinking that I would never be able to turn left here.

I made my way around a sharp curve, and there was the house. Huge and imposing, I was almost immediately impressed. I had seen and been in many houses of the wealthy here, and I loved the older houses, the ones built in the twenties and maintained in their original splendor. This was such a house. It was still clad in the old Florida stucco finish, freshly painted, with the barrel tile roof. It had the original slide up windows, obviously in good working condition, because they were open. I was amazed that something as beautiful as this lay completely hidden from view, here in the jungle. Nevertheless, I knew that it was a hiding place for the very wealthy that treasured their privacy greatly, and would go to great lengths to preserve it. 

“If only they could fix their own air conditioners.”

I smiled at this thought.

I walked across the driveway, stepped up on the raised tile porch, and pushed the lighted doorbell. I waited patiently, looking downward, avoiding the temptation to peer inside the small window at eye level on the door. After a few minutes, I heard the sound of the deadbolt turning, and the chain as it moved from the slider. The door pulled open, and I found myself looking at the “owner” of the house.

“Oh, thank God you’re here!”

“Mrs. Ashley?”

“Yes!”

“My name’s Nick.”

“Hello Nick.” She said, flashing a bright smile. 

She was not what I expected. She was slightly shorter than I was, about forty-five, with dark brown hair. The first thing that occurred to me was that she was very cute, not gorgeous, but definitely cute. Her hair tied up on top of her head in a girlish ponytail, some of it spilling down over her face. She had a pert, upturned nose, and brown eyes that caught my gaze fearlessly. I immediately thought that she would never have to use mascara, her eyelashes were naturally thick and lush. What really disarmed me was that smile. It was the smile of a high school cheerleader, slightly innocent, while at the same time naughty, her straight white teeth showing between her full lips. I found myself smiling back, unable to speak. My eyes moved down, and I saw that she was wearing a flowered robe tied with a sash around her waist. She was not skinny, but not what I would consider overweight, either. I liked women that were not too thin. I found myself blushing at these thoughts, and immediately forced myself to break my gaze from her.

“This thing has been broken for a couple of hours now. I was down at the beach, so I didn’t notice it earlier. When I got back up here, I felt that awful heat, and I checked the thermostat, but it didn’t work.”

As she spoke, she turned and walked into the house. My eyes dropped to survey her full hips as she moved. 

“Yes,” I thought, “this lady is sexy.”

I followed her through the house, out of the kitchen, and into the living room. A full wall of windows on the east side of the room and a magnificent ocean view immediately took me aback. The ceilings were at least twenty feet high, and the room trimmed with the rare pecked cypress of traditional old Florida homes. Antique furniture lined the walls, and the room had a comforting, wooden smell that I loved.

I watched her move across the room, my eyes naturally drawn to her hips swaying back and forth. She turned to me, smiling.

“The air conditioner is in here. I hope you can help me. I can’t stand this Florida heat too long!”

I smiled at her. “No problem, Ma’am. I’ll take care of it.”

“I’m going into the guest wing to shower. If you need anything, I’ll be back in a few short minutes. There are sodas in the fridge!”

I worked on the unit slowly, finding the problem in the wiring, and making the repair meticulously, hoping that Mrs. Ashley would return soon.

Soon, I heard the sound of footsteps approaching. As if on cue, the air conditioner started up, humming softly.

“You fixed it! How wonderful!”

She was still in the robe, the sash loose around her waist, a towel in her hand. She approached me, and peered into the closet at the machine. I could smell her freshly washed body and some expensive, perfumed soap. She rubbed up against me accidentally, the contact sending shivers up my spine. 

“Oh, thank you so much. You are such a nice young man, I. Would you like to stay for a drink?” 

I felt my heart leap at this. I turned and looked at Mrs. Ashley. There was something funny about the look she was giving me. Her brown eyes seemed to look through me, totally devoid of any apprehension, her sexy mouth smiling at me, her hand softly and seductively caressing the sash of her robe. 

A thought suddenly occurred to me.

“If I didn’t know any better, I’d swear she was coming on to me.”

I suddenly found that my hands were shaking. I had never thought of myself as a “ladies man” type; I was always very shy around women and somewhat insecure about my appearance.

“Nick?” Mrs. Ashley asked.

“I’d like to show you something. Sit here on the couch, ok?”

I slowly closed my toolbox, and walked toward the couch, sliding down on it.

“Nick, do you realize that you are a very attractive young man?”

I felt a rush of warm blood in my face at these words. I blurted out my response, a little too loudly.

“Mrs. Ashley, I am a married man. I have a wife.”

“Nick, I’ve already figured that out about you. I saw your ring. I just want to ask you a question, and I want you to answer me honestly, ok?”

In one motion, Mrs. Ashley pulled the sash from her waist, and the loose robe fell open. She then dropped it from her shoulders, the garment falling to the floor. She was wearing only a very tiny, orange string bikini. Her breasts were medium sized, very taut and firm for a woman her age, and barely concealed by the thin bikini top. Her skin was lightly tanned, smooth, without blemishes. She was what some men would consider slightly overweight, but all in the right places; her thighs were free of cellulite, and she had retained the hourglass proportion of her youth. Her upper thighs were thick, as was her torso, and she looked very strong, as if she had been an athlete in her youth. She looked down at me, smiling, and paused in a couple of poses, as if she were modeling for me.

I was silently stunned.

“Well, what do you think? Do I still have it?”

“Mrs., Ashley, um, I don’t know what to say.” I stammered.

She turned completely around, and showed me her backside. The bikini bottoms were the “thong” style, and her ass cheeks exposed to me. She placed her hands on them, and jiggled them. I felt faint.

“Nick, I hope you don’t think poorly of me. I have to explain something to you, ok?”

Her face became serious, and she moved to my side, taking a place on the couch.

“Nick, can I confide in you? Just for a moment, please? I desperately need someone to talk to.”

I looked at her, my nervousness barely concealed.

“Why, I guess so, Mrs. Ashley.”

She looked off into the room.

“It’s my husband, Nick. Have you ever met him? Charles Ashley?”

I had heard the name, but could not place it.

“He is Chairman of the Board of Directors for Ektron Industries.”

I suddenly remembered. Ektron was the largest manufacturer of computer software in the state. I had read about Charles Ashley in “Time” magazine!

“Yes. I know the name, Mrs. Ashley. He’s a very important man.

She was silent for a moment, and then spoke softly. 

“Yes, he is. We have been very happy, until recently, until it happened.”

I looked at her, not saying anything, waiting for her to continue, surveying her attractive features.

“I guess I knew it would happen sooner or later. Women are constantly throwing themselves at him. I knew it would be just a matter of time.”

I suddenly understood. This man was having an affair. Straying from this beautiful woman. Moreover, she had found out. As I looked at her, and the full understanding came to me, I noticed the tears forming around her dark eyelids.

Afraid of saying the wrong thing, I chose my words carefully.

“How did you find out?”

“I have my sources. Let’s just say that money can buy anything.”

I shook my head in agreement. She turned her head to face me.

“Nick, do you think I’m attractive?”

“Yes. Very. Too much so!”

I followed this with a nervous laugh. I felt her hand touch my knee softly, then rest upon it, palm down. Then I suddenly thought of my wife, waiting at home for me. 

“Mrs. Ashley, I can’t.”

She placed her finger to my lips, moving closer to me on the couch, her lips close to my ear.

“Shhhhhhhh, Nick, don’t say anything. I can’t be alone right now. Please.”

She brushed her lips to my earlobe, ever so gently, her warm breath filling my ear faintly. Her hand had begun to caress my thigh, ever so slowly moving upward. I felt my resistance waning, the blood pounding in my ears, my cock starting to twitch with arousal. I turned my head, and my lips met hers, pressing against them softly. They were so soft and warm, and she was so beautiful. The kiss lingered, and I felt her hand sliding up my leg to my crotch, then resting on my cock, her palm cupping it, rubbing softy up and down. I felt my cock growing hard at her touch, and I turned into her, taking her upper arms in my hands, caressing them softly. Her skin was so soft, this beautiful woman; she wanted me, and I could not resist.

She pulled away from me, breaking the kiss, pushing me back against the couch. She slid to the floor, on her knees, and moved around in front of me, gently urging my legs apart, and sliding in between them, while her hands caressing my stomach and abdomen. She then reached down, and unfastened my belt, then my pants, pulling them open. I leaned back, watching her intently, resting my arms on the back of the sofa. She smiled at me as she tugged at my pants. I helped her by raising my ass off the couch, and she pulled them down over my thighs, and then my knees, then, to my feet. She then pulled my shoes off, and slid them off, throwing them to the side. She smiled at me again, and reached up and began massaging my hard cock through the fabric of my underwear. It was then that she began talking, in a low, sultry voice.

“Ooohh Nick! Do you have a present for me? May I unwrap it? Oooohh I want it so bad, Nick!”

This drove me wild. My wife loved to talk dirty, and it made our lovemaking sessions much rawer, it seemed. Now, this hot older woman was doing it!

Mrs. Ashley tugged at the waistband of my underwear, pulling them down over my ass. I once again rose up, and she pulled them down my legs and off, over my feet. My hard cock sprung up, and bobbed back and forth, free from its restraints. Mrs. Ashley smiled at the sight of it, and licked her lips, at the same time pushing my knees apart.

“Nick, you’re so big and hard! What a fine present for me. Can I taste it?”

She wrapped her hands around it, feeling its firm hardness, stroking it up and down slowly. My body jerked at her gentle touch, beads of perspiration forming on my forehead. I gazed down at Mrs. Ashley, my eyes wide open with lust and desire. She then removed her hands from my cock, and reached behind her back, unfastening her bikini top. The garment slid from her beautiful breasts, releasing them, allowing them to hang free like ripe fruit. I groaned at this sight. She looked up, smiling at me again, and taking them into her hands. She moved closer to me, and began rubbing her hard nipples against my cock.

“Do you like my tits, Nick? My nipples are so hard for you. They like your hard cock.”

Mrs. Ashley then completely wrapped her tits around my shaft, enveloping it completely, just the head sticking out above. She started a slow motion up and down, fucking me with those beautiful breasts, smiling at me the whole time. I groaned audibly, my cock growing even more hard, my legs spread so wide, still in my work shirt! I worked my hips up and down, the friction almost unbearable. The head of my cock began to swell, and I worried that I would cum very, very soon if she kept that up!

Suddenly, she stopped. She moved back slightly, her hands wrapping around my cock, gripping it firmly.

“You’re a lucky man, Nick. I was so horny tonight! You came along at just the right time!”

A small amount of clear fluid had appeared on the end of my cock, right by the hole. Mrs. Ashley bent her head, and extended her tongue, licking it off gently. She licked again, up the side of the swollen head. This was almost unbearable. I pushed my hips up toward her mouth. She continued licking the head of my cock, like a lollipop; soft kitten licks. I moaned softly, lost in waves of pleasure. She then opened her mouth, taking the entire head into it, and closed her lips around the base. She removed her hands from my shaft, and drew more of it in. I watched her through glazed eyes as her cheeks drew in. She was sucking me. I closed my eyes as the unbelievable feeling overtook me. Her hands found my balls, and she massaged them gently, working them as she sucked, the slurping sounds, along with my moaning, the only sounds heard. She began a bobbing motion; up and down rhythmically, sucking hard, as if trying to suck the very life from me. I rolled my head back, unable to remain silent.

“Oh God! Suck me! Suck my hard cock, Mrs. Ashley!”

She responded by moaning around my cock, the vibration sending even more bearings of bliss through my sensitive nerves.

“Oh God, please, I’m going to...”

Mrs. Ashley stopped, looking up at me austerely.

“Oh, no you don’t! I’m not ready for you to cum yet!”

She grabbed the base of my cock, and applied pressure to the underside of it.

“Oh God! I’m so close!” I moaned.

She then stood up, in front of me.

“I want you to lick this pussy, Nick. It’s wet for you.”

I was completely under this woman’s spell now. I quickly unbuttoned my shirt, pulling it off, now completely nude, my hard cock jutting up, swollen and purple. I leaned forward, and placed my hands on the soft skin of her thighs, caressing it gently, kissing it gently. Her skin tasted so clean, with just a hint of soap. My fingers ran underneath the thin material of her bikini bottoms, pulling them down over her plump, firm legs. I then pushed her legs apart, and ran my right hand up in between them, pushing my fingers into her warm, wet pussy. She let out a gasp as I entered her, and spread her legs wider. I found her clit, and pressed it, rubbing it in a circular motion.
