 Amanda paid the cover for the nightclub and went in. She could feel the bouncer checking out her ass as she walked by him. This is the hottest club in town and is known for always having hot guys and loose women. The guy to girl ratio is against her in a place like this but she's never had any trouble meeting men here. Her body attracts guys like a moth to a flame. Her brunette hair ran about a foot down past her shoulders. She brushed a swath of it out of her face as she negotiated the stairs down to the night club. She spotted about three or four men staring at her as she entered the club.

Amanda immediately began scanning the crowd for potential mates. Having been dumped six weeks ago she is in desperate need of a man. Wearing a very loose fitting spaghetti strap blouse and a short, loose skirt; she felt pretty confident of finding one of her fuck buddies who would be willing to give it to her. The air felt cold against her bare midriff. She ordered a martini to help warm her up.

She sat there drinking and scanning the crowd. She's sighted several of her fuck buddies, three men and one woman. Amanda ruled out the girl for now since she really needed to feel a cock inside of her cunt. With that thought it starting aching again, showing its need for a good screw. She glanced back at the entrance and immediately saw who she wanted. Bryan came in through the entrance and Amanda felt herself start to get wet at the sight of him. They've been casual fuck buddies for nearly a year now. Casual meaning that they've never taken each other home. They usually have quickie near wherever they meet which was normally at her college library. They've never done it in a club before. As the memories of their numerous "study breaks" came back she felt herself become wet. She wanted him inside of her. She finished off her drink and headed over to him.

"Hey Bryan! What's up with you? Haven't seen you in a while."

"Oh, hey Amanda. My girlfriend likes coming here so I haven't been around the library much lately."

"You here with her tonight?"

"Yeah, she's off greeting friends, of course, leaving me all alone and with nothing to do. Guess I'm supposed to just sit here and drink and not look at the girls."

Amanda moved in closer to him so that they were only a foot or so apart, "How're things going with her?"

"She doesn't want to do anything real serious until she's sure that we're 'serious' about our relationship."

"Sounds frustrating," Amanda says as she starts to lightly brush his chest with her fingers through his silk shirt.

Bryan noticed and began to realize what she was up to. He took a slight step towards her while looking around to see where his girlfriend was. He spotted her with a group of people and paying him no mind. He shot her a dirty look before turning back to Amanda. "It is! We've never gone beyond topless. She'll doesn't do anything for me. I'm thinking that I might dump her soon."

Amanda moved in even closer, lightly pressing her tits against him. Her hands moved slowly around his body to his back and she pulled her body up against his. They kissed, very lightly at first but deeper with each subsequent one. "Sounds like you need a woman, not some bitch but a real woman. A woman that can satisfy you and lets you take her whenever you want."

She glanced out at the crowded dance floor and asked Bryan to dance. The floor was so crowded that they were forced to dance very closely. Their bodies pressed against one another, which is what Amanda wanted. She intends to have this guy's cock inside of her before going home. She pressed her body against his as they danced, grinding her pelvis into him. She turned around in one sudden motion and danced facing away from him. She grinded her ass into him and could feel him getting hard. His hands were rubbing up and down her sides before moving to her stomach. He had them positioned just beneath her tits. It was clear that he wanted her. Amanda closed her eyes and smiled with the knowledge that he was going to take her.

Bryan grabbed her shoulders and turned her back around. He grabbed her ass with one hand and pulled her into him. He kissed her deeply, sticking his tongue into her mouth for her to suck on. Amanda could feel herself melt into his body. He was supporting her entire weight as they continued dancing in the crowd. No one was paying them any mind. She whispered to him, "See your girlfriend?"

"She's still with her bitchy friends. She has no idea what I'm doing."

"Good, then she won't know that you're about to take me back to the bathrooms and fuck my living brains out."

With that she took him by the hand and led him off the dance floor and they half-jogged to the bathrooms. This club is known for several things, among them being its unisex bathrooms. Men and women both use the same facility. The stalls are all metal extending from the roof of the room to the floor for complete privacy. There's lots of space in each one so that two can fit in them very comfortably. Amanda has used them many times before. They call it a bathroom but it's designed for couples who get horny on the dance floor to have a place to fuck.

Amanda and Bryan took the first available stall. She slammed the door and locked it before kissing Bryan again. She gave out a soft moan as she felt his hands squeeze her ass. She ripped open his shirt and started kissing his chest; sucking at his nipples. Her hands unbuckled his belt. She unbuttoned his pants and came up to kiss him. As they kissed she unzipped his pants and let them drop to the floor. 

She could feel the budge in his boxers pressing up against her. His hands lifted her blouse up and off. He dropped it to the floor and started to squeeze her tits through her bra. She reached back and undid the clasp. He lifted his hands and let it fall off of her. His face started to move down and suck her nipples. Amanda was helping him pull her blouse down and kicked it away. She pulled his boxers down and he stepped out of them. They kissed again and he turned her around. She started rubbing her ass back and forth against him. She could feel his cock rub against the small of her back with her movement. 

His hands grabbed her thong and ripped it off her. He turned her around roughly and pushed her back against the wall. Amanda could feel the coolness of the metal wall contrast against the heat in her pussy. She needed him to fuck her now! He kissed her hungrily, pushing his tongue down her throat as his hands moved down her sides to her ass. He grabbed her ass and lifted her up. She wrapped her legs around him as he buried his face in her chest. She reached down and grabbed his cock to position it at her cunt. As he lowered her down slowly she let out a soft moan of need as she felt his member probe at her depths. 

Amanda was so turned on that she started to cum the moment she felt her pussy walls being stretched by him. He started to thrust into her very fast and hard. Amanda loved this and arched her back to tell him how horny she was; that she wanted to be fucked even harder. They were fucking like animals and this just turned her on more. She could feel herself building up again and within a couple of minutes she was cumming again. The feeling of her juices wetting his member as well as that of her pussy walls squeezing him made him cum as well. Amanda could feel him shooting his load into her depths. She couldn't help giving a satisfied smile as he let her down. 

He sat on top of the toilet with his semi-hard cock sticking up. She went down and started to slowly run her tongue up the shaft to the head. She took his cock in her mouth and began to suck. As she did so she could feel his shaft harden inside her mouth. It wasn't long until he was ready. She stood up and towered over him sitting on the toilet. She pressed her pussy into his face and began to slowly slide down. She could feel his face travel up her stomach. She could feel the head of his cock probing at her cunt, wanting to penetrate her.

Amanda stopped for a second to savor the feeling. He was sucking at her tits as he thrusted his hips up in a futile attempt to get inside her. She smiled and started slowly drop down, savoring the feeling of his cock penetrating her. Bryan gave off a groan as he felt her tight walls contract around him. His hands were resting on her hips as he opened his eyes to see her smiling down at him. She then lifted herself back up until he was almost out of her then dropped back down onto him. She hugged his face into her chest as she started thrusting into him.

She leaned back, wrapping her arms around his neck for support. Bryan watched her tits bounce up and down as she thrusted. He started to lift his hips to meet her movements. His mouth was wide open, taking in as much of her tit as it could while his played with her ass. All of a sudden she stopped and stood up. She turned around and stuck her ass out into his face. He started licking at her, tasting her pussy juice. She said, "I don't want you to make love to me, I want you to fuck me. You slam your dick into me like the animal you are. I'm yours for you to take. I'm your whore; now treat me like it! You ready to fuck me?"

With that she began to slide her ass slowly down his body, letting her juices smear across his torso. She grabbed his cock with her hand as she proceeded down and positioned it just right so that it entered her cunt as she came down on it. Amanda just sat there on top of him for a minute, clenching her muscles to squeeze his cock. His hands reached around and were playing with her tits. She opened her legs wide as she began to bounce up and down. First she moved slowly and then began to pick up speed. Soon she was fucking him as fast as she could, her whole body shaking as she as she pushed him further and further inside of her pussy. He had one hand playing with her tits while the other was fingering her clit. It wasn't long before Amanda felt herself cumming onto him as she bounced up and down. Her cum slid down his shaft and dripped into the toilet. She leaned forward and rested her hands on his knees for support. He kept his hands on her ass as she was riding him, squeezing and kneading it.

Suddenly, Bryan stood up while still inside of her. He pushed her forward into the stall wall. Amanda leaned forward and pressed into the cool metal with her hands. His hands were on her hips, steadying her as her fucked her fast and hard. He was thrusting faster than ever. She savored the sensation of being fucked by a man as though she were a piece of meat. Amanda smiled as she felt the warmth of his cum filling her cunt. She stood up as he pulled out and turned around for a kiss. As he sucked at her tongue she marveled at what they just did. The afterglow is always the best for Amanda. She thinks about how his baby-making juice is now inside of her and how the feeling of it being there makes her feel more like a real woman.

She gathered her skirt and blouse and put them back on. As she did so she could hear a moan in the next stall. It sounded vaguely familiar, she thought. She decided to go commando for the rest of the night and left her underwear in the stall. She took his face in her hand and kissed him again. "Seriously, about your bitch girlfriend. Take her home tonight, rip off her clothes, throw her onto your bed, and fuck every way you can think of no matter how much she protests. And thanks, that was really good."

With that she opened the stall door and they walked out. He headed back into the club while she went to the sink. She stood in front of the sink for a minute and marveled at how she was full of his baby-making juice now. As she fixed herself up saw the stall next to hers open and out came Emily, one of her fuck buddies that she spotted earlier. Emily walked over to the sink next to Amanda's as a very hot guy left and walked back out into the club. They glanced at each other and smiled as they fixed themselves up. As Amanda looked at Emily's firm body in that tight-fitting dress she felt herself become wet again. Being fucked is all well and good but there are things that only another woman can do to satisfy her.

Amanda asked if Emily wanted to get a drink. As they walked back out into the club she rested her hand on Emily's ass for a minute. They both ordered a martini and began to compare how well they were satisfied in the bathroom. As they talked Amanda felt herself get wet. They finished their drinks and decided to dance. Within ten minutes they were running back into the bathroom hand in hand. They got into the first empty stall they could find, locked the door, and desperately tried to keep quiet as they ripped off each other's clothes.