 Addison nervously paces back and forth behind the couch as Alex and Mr. Voss sit watching a news report out of Senegal. 

"Intense fighting continues in the region as the Senegalese military looks to reassert its control over the outlying provinces that General Ballo took over during his attempted coup. The U. S. state department is urging any American citizens to avoid travel in this area." 

Alex shuts off the television cutting off the reporters story. 

"It doesn't mean anything's happened to them," He states.

"It's not good news Alex," Addison argues. "What am I supposed to tell Michelle's parents when they get back?"

"Nothing. There still isn't any news about Michelle."

"That doesn't make me feel any better," She says as she hears a car pull up outside.

"Sounds like they're back," Mr. Voss states. 

"Daddy can you go greet them while I figure out what I'm going to tell her?" Addison asks interrupting him.

"Just because we haven't heard anything new doesn't make it bad news honey, you have to try and stay positive. I'll go out and give you time to gather yourself," Mr. Voss states. After he heads down stairs Addison takes Alex by the hand and squeezes it. 

"How am I going to do this Alex?" 

He pulls her into his arms and hugs her tight. 

"The last we heard they were alive, we have to hold onto to that until we hear something different. I'll be right there with you," He tells her as they hear the front door close behind her father.

James Voss descends the steps and opens the passenger door for Mrs. Ripley. 

"Brenda I'm sorry but we still haven't..." He begins to say but she cuts him off by leaping into his arms.

"She's alive James! My baby's all right!" She announces as she hugs him hard. "She just called me from Morocco. She said that she and Kenny were about to board a plane to Italy."

He's so startled by the news that he can barely believe what she said. 

"Oh my God, that's wonderful news!" He lets her go and when he grasps Bryce's extended hand he pulls him into a hug as well.

"Daddy, what's going on," Addison asks rushing outside after seeing the commotion. 

Alex follows her out but stays back from the group.

"I just heard from Michelle, sweetie. She's okay!" Mrs. Ripley cries out grabbing the confused woman in a hug. 

Tears fill her eyes and she hugs Brenda laughing and crying all at the same time. 

"We just got off the phone with her a few minutes ago."

"Oh my God, that's... that's amazing!" Addison says. 

She turns and pulls Alex into a hug trying to suppress her tears. He looks skyward and mouths a thank you to God for keeping their friends safe.

"Are you sure it was her?" James asks Bryce. "There are people out there that would try and exploit your grief as horrible as it sounds. I mean we know that she wasn't hurt but still I have to wonder."

She nods. "I know it was her James, I know my babies voice and I talked to this Kenny person as well."

"Not many people knew that Kenneth was going to look for her so that's certainly a nod in favor of it actually being them," Addison tells him.

He nods in agreement. "Everybody come inside, I've got some champagne so we can celebrate this wonderful news. Then I'll call the flight crew and tell them to get prepped for departure to Italy as soon as possible."

"Thank you James," Mrs. Ripley says. "Michelle said they were going to Riccione, Italy off the Adriatic coast."

"I'll alert the captain to file his flight plan accordingly," Mr. Voss states. 

They begin to head inside but Addison lingers back pulling Alex back with her.

"Thank you," She tells him.

"For what?"

"For keeping me sane during all this, for being someone I could lean on and for bringing Kenneth into our lives. If he hadn't known Michelle... I hate to think what would have happened."

"That's nothing that has to be worried about now. He's with her and he won't let anything happen to her. You know that," He tells her. 

She kisses him once again before the pair go inside and join the others in the den.

"Addison can I ask you something," Mrs. Ripley asks pulling her away from Alex and the men as they stand around chatting.

"Of course," Addison says stepping away with her. "What's on your mind?"

"I recall that Kenny and Michelle were friends of a sort but what I don't remember is exactly what their deal was?" 

"That's kind of a complicated question to answer. According to both of them, they were just friends back then but when I went to tell him what happened to her he was insistent that he'd go and find her. I tried talking him out of it, Dad tried even his friend Alex there tried but we got nowhere with him."

"He's hard headed like that Mrs. Ripley," Alex says joining in the conversation.

"Wait, so are you paying him for this? I'm confused," Bryce asks Mr. Voss.

"No, we just supplied the jet to get him to Morocco and I had a friend in Dakar make sure he got anything he needed once he arrived there but all he asked for was a ride to the docks. He did the rest. I would have paid him or whoever to find her, you know I think of Michelle as my daughter too but he only asked for a ride."

"I'm just so glad that you guys heard from her. My faith was beginning to wane after not hearing anything except her refusal to get on the boat," Addison is explaining to Mrs. Ripley.

"Speaking of, you'd better call Lissa and let her know that Michelle's been heard from," Alex tells Addison.

Addison nods and pulls out her cell phone. 

"Addison?" Scott answers. "Lis is in the shower. What's up?"

"Michelle just called her parents. She's okay Scott! She and Kenneth are both okay!"

"Oh thank god!" He says. 

Addison can hear him opening a door and the sounds of a shower getting louder. "Lis, its Addison. Michelle's called home, she's okay!"

"What!" She exclaims jumping from the shower and snagging her phone from him.

"Addison?"

"It's true Lis; Michelle called her mom a little while ago from Monaco."

"Morocco," Her dad corrects.

"Sorry, Morocco and they were getting on a plane to..."

"Italy," Mrs. Ripley states.

"Italy," Addison relays.

"Italy? Why Italy? Scott, quit touching my butt." 

"You're dripping water all over the place. I'm trying to dry you off." Addison hears him argue.

"Sorry about that Addison. Why are they going to Italy again?"

"I'm not sure, I think it was the first flight that was leaving Africa," Addison says.

Alex nods. "It's a safe country and Ken speaks a little Italian. That's probably why as well."

"Scott just said... that's not drying anymore honey, that's groping... it doesn't matter that I like it, I'm on the phone... Sorry again Addison someone's trying to celebrate a bit too early."

"Perfectly understandable," Addison says with a giggle.

"Anyway Scott says that Italy's close, its safe there and Kenny speaks the language."

"A little," Addison says. "Alex just said the same thing."

"Well that proves to me that Kenny's with her and she's safe enough. Thank God. Any idea on when they'll be home? Scott and I can't miss it."

"I think we're all still working on that Lis but I'll let you know as soon as I do."

"Okay good. Thank you for letting us know. I'm so happy she's all right!"

"Me too Lis. You and Scott go celebrate now and I'll talk to you soon."

Once the call is finished Mrs. Ripley walks over to Addison. 

"Can I ask you something about this Kenny person?"

"Sure. You might want to talk to Alex though. He's known him longer than any of us," She tells her.

"That's all right my question is of more a personal nature."

"Oh okay."

"I spoke with him and he sounded nice enough but I guess I'm just wondering if I can trust him with my daughter?"

"Do you mean safety wise or something more... intimate?"

"Addison!" She exclaims shocked at her forwardness. 

Everybody looks at them and Addison just laughs. 

"I'm just being me, go back to talking about guy things, we're fine." 

Once they go back to chatting among themselves Mrs. Ripley continues. 

"While I harbor no illusion that my daughter is still a virgin, I don't want to know the details of her love life."

"But you want to know about her and Kenneth?" Addison asks.

"I guess that I do but I feel like I'm prying." 

Addison nods. "I'll tell you what I know about the two of them and don't worry about prying. I know Michelle doesn't keep secrets from you. She'll probably tell you everything once you get home anyway I'll just put your mind at ease so to speak."

"Thank you Addison," Mrs. Ripley says with a smile.

"You know how Michelle always goes for morning swims in the ocean right?"

"Yes. It used to drive me crazy because she'd go out there alone and I always told her that she needed someone with her in case something happened," Mrs. Ripley explains.

"That's how she found Kenneth. He's a morning swimmer too and they met right out there on our beach when he was working for us. They hit it off but she was still working through something that happened in her last relationship so they became friends," Addison explains.

"Just like that," Mrs. Ripley asks.

"Just like that and you know how shy she can be at times especially with guys but not with Kenneth. She spoke to him first, kidded with him and even flirted like she had known him her whole life. It was refreshing to see her personality come out with new people around but then she got the offer for that thing with sharks in Austria."

"Australia dear," Mrs. Ripley corrects.

"Yeah that. Anyway she took that and left a few days later to come and see you before she went."

"So they never were intimate?" She asks.

"He kissed her once, right before she left. She uh... told him that was a mistake and left the next day," Addison explains. 

"Ouch. Then why did he risk his life to save her?" Mrs. Ripley asks.

"Love makes us do some crazy things or so I've been told."

"How is it that he's still in love with her after that?"

"He knows that it wasn't a mistake. Michelle knew it too but was afraid to admit it after the way she left things. She confided in me one night on the phone that she had made a terrible mistake but I couldn't get her to tell me what it was but it was just after I got through telling her about Kenneth stopping by our house at Christmas to check on us and give Karly a present while she was in town. It wasn't hard to figure out what mistake she was talking about after that."

"I guess she was still having some residual effects of Mr. Grayson's influence when she came up to see us right after. It was kind of jarring actually, my shy little princess suddenly coming into her own. I always hoped she would grow out of that phase but then her father passed and she just kind of closed off her feelings from just about everyone. She was only seven years old Addison. How does a seven year old deal with a loss like that?" 

Addison shakes her head. 

"She still has trouble sleeping through the night even all these years later," Mrs. Ripley explains.

"I'd always find her downstairs watching dad's old movies when she'd stay over."

"The doctors first said they were night terrors and that in time she'd grow out of them. I guess she did in a way because after awhile she stopped waking me up with her screams but she still hasn't slept through a night since the accident."

Addison can see tears filling Mrs. Ripley's eyes as she thinks back to that horrible night.

"My scream is what woke her up. My poor baby didn't know what was going on, who all these police were and what they were doing in our home. I was such a wreak that I just grabbed her and held her tight crying onto her little head. I scared her so bad that I'm the reason she can't sleep now."

"Mom, you're not to blame for what happened. Michelle loves you to death, she'd never blame you," Addison says hugging her.

"I know she doesn't sweetie but that doesn't mean I don't blame myself."

"Don't do that. She'd hate it if you blamed yourself for that."

Mrs. Ripley nods. "Bryce tells me the same thing."

"You always picked the smart ones. I am your adopted daughter after all and you know how smart I am." 

Mrs. Ripley chuckles. "You and Lissa both. Speaking of smart, I thought this guy that took Michelle to Africa was supposed to be smart. Who is he and should I call and let him know that we've heard from Michelle?"

"He's a jerk and no you shouldn't call him. He doesn't deserve to know anything and probably wouldn't care if he did. Don't worry though, he's been taken care of and won't bother her again once she's home," Addison states.

"Sweetie, while I'm glad that you care for my baby that much are you sure that was a wise decision?"

"Trust me Mrs. Ripley; he was not the man for her. In truth, calling him an asshole demeans other assholes everywhere and let's just leave it at that," Addison states. "She's with the man she needs right now and if she doesn't realize by the time she gets back home then I'll step in and make sure that she figures it out."

"My baby's a smart one honey, I'm sure, if that's true, she'll figure it out on her own." 

"You know me Mrs. Ripley, I just like to help things along."

"That you do dear, that you do."

After arriving in Italy, we start looking for flights back to the States. Unfortunately, we're told there's a major storm over a third of the country and it's moving this way. The airport is closing for tonight and the earliest possible flight would be tomorrow afternoon if the weather lets up. 

"We could wait here tonight and see if something opens up earlier or there's a flight to New York scheduled to leave out tomorrow around six in the evening," I relay to Michelle.

"Let me see, sleep on one of these crappy airport couches and wait for a flight that may or may not open up or go into town, see the sights and sleep in an actual bed. While I am in a hurry to get home, I'm not in that big a hurry so I'm picking option B. We'll come back tomorrow afternoon for the New York flight and then we can catch another flight to Myrtle or call Addison and have her have their plane meet us there. What do you think?"

"Option B it is. I'm beat after all this and we both really need a shower," I tell her. "Let's go grab a taxi and see where we can book a room."

"We need a few supplies first," She says pulling me into an airport gift shop. 

As we walk the aisles I can't help but laugh. "What's so funny?" she asks handing me a pair of jeans.

"You, me shopping together again," I tell her.

She laughs. "Wonder if this place has an ice cream shop?"

"I'm sure they do but I think we need a real meal."

"Not to mention a shower... like an hour long shower I'm thinking."

"I'm thinking of spending a month in one when we're home."

She nods and hold up two different sets of pajamas. "Which ones do you think?"

"Well pink isn't really my color," I begin.

"For me smartass."

"Oh in that case definitely the purple."

She looks at both of them again and shakes her head. "I think you just want to see me in the tank top the purple one has."

"The purple one brings out your eyes," I tell her. "The tank top, that's just a bonus."

She gives me a playful glare. "Just for that I'm finding you the most hideous PJ's they sell."

"Fine by me, I don't wear anything to bed anyway." 

It takes a minute to register what just spilled out of my mouth. "That wasn't suppose to come out like that."

"Uh huh," She says. "Good to know that when I come to wake you in the morning I'll be getting a free show." 

"Ha ha. Just get me the pajama's okay kitten?"

"Sure thing stinky cheese," she retorts.

"You are still quick."

"That I am," She says handing me a pair of pajama bottoms that to be honest aren't the most hideous looking available and I point that out to her. "I remembered that I'm going to see you in them and I don't think I could get to sleep from laughing all night at the thought of you wearing the ugliest pair I could find."

"And if I was naked... damn, I've got to just stop speaking. I am way too tired to control my tongue," I tell her.

She laughs. "Okay sweetie, let's pay for these and find a hotel so we can crash until tomorrow before you say something that you'll really regret."

I nod instead of opening my mouth again. She smiles and heads to the register so we can get rung up. When we head out of the airport to catch a taxi we notice that it's beginning to rain and lightning is flashing off on the distance. 

"Bad night to be traveling my friends," The cabbie states as we pile in.

"Looks that way," I answer.

"Where to?"

"We need a place to stay for the night so any recommendations you have would be appreciated." I tell him glad that he speaks English.

"Some place with nice comfy beds would be great," Michelle adds.

"And a view of the sea would be a nice bonus." 

He nods his head. "I think I know just the place. It's a little pricey but from what I hear, it's the best."

"Pricey won't be a problem," I tell him.

He nods and takes us to a fancy looking hotel that sits just off the Adriatic Sea. I tip him generously for the suggestion and we head inside. The lobby has an old world Italy feel to it with marble floors and old world style lighting that bathes the area in a golden hue. The cute girl behind the counter perks up when we enter. 

"Welcome. How may I help you?" She asks in her best English effort.

"We would like a room," I tell her in Italian. 

Her smiles widens even more now that she's able to speak her native tongue.

"You are in luck, we have one room still available for this evening."

"Not the honeymoon suite I hope, that'd be too cliche." 

She giggles. "Are you two not on your honeymoon?"

I look at Michelle who's standing there smiling politely. "It feels like we still are."

The girl smiles. "Then this should be perfect for you." 

I hand her the cash and accept the room key. "If you need anything just call down. Enjoy your stay."

"Thank you."

As we board the elevator Michelle asks. "Any problems?"

"We got the last room in the place but other than that we're all good."

"It's not the honeymoon suite is it?"

"She said that it wasn't."

"Good because I've seen enough movies where that happens," She jokes. 

"If you want to hit the shower first go ahead," I tell her as we enter our hotel room on the fourth floor. "I know it's been awhile since you've had a hot shower."

"You sure? I might be in there quite awhile?" She asks.

"Take all the time you want. You've more than earned first dibs on the shower," I tell her. 

She doesn't need much more convincing heading straight for the bedroom. I walk over to the balcony and open the sliding glass door so I can breathe in the salty ocean air.

"Kenny, can you come in here a sec?" Michelle calls out. 

I enter the bedroom and she nods towards the single king sized bed in the room. 

"Seems we have a small problem here."

"At least it's not heart shaped," I quip. 

She shakes her head and the look on her face is telling that she doesn't appreciate the joke. "I'll call down and see if they've got a cot or something they can bring up." I tell her.

I reach for the phone but she stops me. "Wouldn't that seem odd since we checked in as husband and wife?" She asks.

"Probably but hey, that couch out there looked pretty comfortable to me. I can just rack out on it no problem."

"Are you sure, because it's not like we haven't slept together already. You know what I mean Kenny so don't give me that look."

"Hey that look was because I can't believe that you took advantage of me like that," I tell her glad that I'm not the one that opened their mouth before thinking for a change.

Her cheeks blossom pink for just a moment then she responds. 

"Really? Because I seem to recall that, someone who was supposed to be unconscious pulling me into his strong arms and holding me close to him. Any idea who that might have been?" She asks holding up her fist. "Any further funny business from you sir and I will take back my blood through your nose."
