 As she finally reached her house, Julie cursed silently shaking out her umbrella. What a perfect way to end the perfect week. It had started with Brad finally leaving. She knew it was a long time coming, but the finality of it really hit hard. Work had been unbearable all week and now the storm. She shivered as the cold wet rain fell heavily. Grabbing the mail and practically stumbling through the door, she was thankful it was finally over. Kicking off her new shoes, she breathed a sigh of relief to be free of their pinches 

Heading up to her room, she casually opened the nondescript piece of mail. A charge ran through her as she looked at it. 

Julie, 

Your father told me about the divorce. You should get away from it all for a while. There's a ticket to the resort in the envelope. I'll see you down there. 

Jack. 

Dropping heavily on the bed, Julie let the rest of her mail fall to the floor, clutching the letter. Jack Davis was a neighbor, good friend of her dad's, and quite possibly the sexiest man she knew. It wasn't his looks that got her, but the way he acted. So powerful and in control. The text of the letter was so true to form. It wasn't an offer or a request, it was an order. There wasn't even contact information for her to confirm. He just assumed she'd be there. 

As she slowly peeled of her wet slacks, Julie laid back. Her mind drifted back to her youth. Julie thought of herself as a strong woman, but she had always melted for Jack. Jack was a divorcee but she had never known his wife. She had, however, seen the steady parade of supermodel-like girlfriends he went through. Apparently she wasn't the only one who felt his magnetism. Her friends never got it though. Jack always seemed to scare them. It wasn't a surprise. He was a large, powerfully built, bear of a man with eyes that could see right through you. It was all part of what made him irresistible to Julie. 

It didn't matter anyway. Her friends never really got her taste in men. They were always trying to set her up with guys her age but her sights were set higher. Sure, she dated younger guys occasionally, but the relationships that mattered were always with older men. From the sweet professor in college who gave her the first orgasm at the hands of a man, to her boss who just used her (and she loved every minute), to her worthless ex-husband Brad. She wasn't bitter, but she desperately wanted to move on. And now there was Jack. 

Closing her eyes she hooked her finger into the waistband of her panties, lowering them then kicking them off. As she lay back on the satin sheets in just her sweater, she felt a warmth running through her. Her creamy thighs rubbed together as she thought back. All the memories of teenage fantasies flooded back to her mind. Slipping her hand between her legs, feeling the warm slickness, she imagined him in one of his dark suits. She always felt so girlish next to him. She knew she was all woman now, but there was no doubt the way he'd make her feel. 

Biting her lip, she began to rub her clit furiously. She imagined him bending her over one of those huge boardroom tables at his office, slamming his cock into her from behind. She felt so dirty imagining something so graphic, but Jack was every fantasy to her. Sometimes sweet, and romantic. Other times forceful, but always in control. As her head rolled back, she could feel the waves of her impending orgasm sweeping over her. That's what she really wanted. She wanted him to be in charge. Shrieking out she exploded violently as the scent of her sex filled the room. As he climax subsided she looked back at the letter, now wrinkled from being clutched tightly between her fingers. She couldn't just get up and go could she? I mean it was so impulsive. What was he expecting? She shook the thought from her head. He had never treated her as anything but a daughter. It was a one-sided fantasy she told herself. She'd have to turn him down. 


As she stepped into the small building that served as a terminal for the airport in this little town, sweat trickled down her neck. It was so warm, but really it just made her feel hot. She just shook her head. When she received the letter she was so sure she wouldn't come, but she should've known better. After a quick call to her job she had packed her bags with her sexiest summer attire and departed the next morning. It was almost as though she didn't have a choice. The helplessness both scared her and aroused her. 

"Miss Miller?" a voice from a nice looking young man, snapped her from her reverie. "Follow me" 

She looked at him surprised he referred to her by her maiden name. He simply took her bags from her hand and started to walk from the building. Quickly following after him she called out, "where are we going?" 

"Mr. Davis has instructed me to deliver you to his bungalow," he replied as he opened the door of the luxurious BMW. 

As she entered she immediately noted the privacy glass preventing her from communicating with the driver. Before she could say another word, the door had shut and they were off. Her immediate reaction was shock, and a bit of fear, but she quickly caught herself. Jack wouldn't do anything to harm her. 

She had heard rumors of "the resort". Jack Davis was a senior executive with a small but very profitable firm. This place was where they brought clients for the final sale, or sales people to reward stellar performance. There was always an air of secrecy to the place that added to its mystique. Soon the car stopped and the door opened. Dressed in a nice pair of light colored slacks, and a button down shirt. 

"Julie girl, how's my baby?" he said pulling her from the car and embracing her tightly. Almost instinctively she melted against his body. Surprising her, he softly pressed his lips to hers. Her mind raced, even as her lips tingled. 

Before she could say anything, the car sped away. She could only blurt out, "my bags". 

"Will be returned to you when you depart. There is plenty for you to wear inside. I'm afraid I must go to a meeting but make yourself at home and I'll meet you for dinner," he said easily. Punctuating the comment he took her face in his large hands kissing her once again, softly…tenderly. 

Then he simply turned and walked off. Numbly she turned and walked into the bungalow. It was a dream come true. She could only imagine all the young women he had brought down here. For a moment, she felt a tinge of jealousy, but now she was one of the. At least she would be if she had anything to say about, she thought to herself deviously. 

Looking through the outfits in the closet, her eyes alighted on one. It was a small black bikini with a sheer wrap. There was no way he could turn her down in that she thought. Changing into it, she waited impatiently for dinner. At the appointed hour the dinner arrived, courtesy of the boy she met at the airport, but no Jack. He delivered a message saying he'd be delayed. 

As she ate alone, in silence, she seethed. This was horrible. With every passing hour, and every drink she consumed, her anger only grew. Finally, she'd had enough. Heading to her bedroom, she quickly changed into the least revealing nightie she could find. It was a satin, burgundy slip-like number, but she hardly cared. Pulling the covers over her she vowed, she'd head home the next day. 


Her eyes snapped open. The presence of someone in the room jolted her from her sleep. He was in the bed with her, between her legs. 

"Jack!!!" she shrieked out desperately hoping for help. 

"Yes darling," was the response from between her legs as he slowly licked her. 

She suddenly realized that the sheet covering her was gone, along with her nightie. Nude and vulnerable she vainly tried to push his head away, but his tongue expertly working on her drew an involuntary moan. 

"What are you doing Jack?" she whimpered, her fingers now curling in his hair. 

"I'm taking care of my baby girl, just like I promised Julie. You belong to me for the week young lady, and I'm going to make you feel very, very, good," his tone left no doubt. 

There was no arguing with him. This was not at all what she had planned, but at the same time it was exactly what she needed. 

"Please don't stop," she whimpered girlishly. 

"Oh I'm not going to darling. You're going to get all of me you can hand." 

Rubbing his face between her legs messily, she could only moan and hold on. She felt his tongue invade her, penetrating impossibly deep then curling slowly. It slid in and out like a small cock then slowly, firmly, slid flat along the length of her pussy. As it reached her clit, pressing so warmly, wetly against it, she couldn't hold back. She grabbed his head bucking wildly against it. Her hips grinding against his face forcefully as she shrieked out loudly. Her juices flowed freely as she came, impossibly hard. She felt him sucking at her juices as she shook violently. 

Finally falling back on the bed she vaguely felt him rise. As she looked up, a gasp escaped her lips. He hovered over her majestically, his cock deliciously erect. He smiled proudly, "that felt good didn't it kitten?" 

Her mind spinning, Julie's only thought was that she wanted more. With just the slightest hint of a blush she cooed, "Yes daddy, but it would feel a lot better with that inside me." 

Curling her finger she invited him towards her. Her thighs rubbed together as she sighed contentedly. For a moment he stood there, genuinely surprised. His sweet innocent Julie becoming a sexy vixen before him. Quickly collecting himself he kneeled on the bed as she slipped her foot to his shoulder. Turning his head he kissed and sucked at her toes softly before pulling her legs over his shoulders. 

"That's what you really need isn't it Julie? You don't want a husband. You want a daddy, don't you? You want to be taken care of. You want to be kept." 

It was as though he had reached out and touched her core. She could only nod eagerly, desperately hoping he wasn't just teasing. Suddenly it was all clear. She wanted him to keep her, to pamper her, to use her for his pleasure. It had always been him. He was the standard she measured other men by. 

"Yes daddy. Please take me" she pleaded, just as his cock slid into her for the first time. 

Groaning out loudly as he thrust into her. He knew he had her. After all these years, his dream had come true. She belonged to him. Any time he wanted, he would have her. And he would take such good care of his little girl. 

As their bodies thrust and slid against each other they both imagined their life together. She imagined him fucking her, naked except for the sparkling jewels with which he adorned her. He imagined covering her in scented oils as his strong hands explored her, then slowly tasting every inch of her body. Their thoughts of the future separate, but so similar. Almost perfectly, they came together, screaming each other's names. Her pussy so tight, milking his cock as he filled her with his seed. 

It felt so perfect as he collapsed atop her. She was in heaven as he smothered him with his body. Reaching up and kissing him desperately, she tasted herself for the first time on his lips. Her legs wrapping around him she whispered, "Daddy, don't leave me." 


His response as simple as it was final, "Never."