 The sun rose above the white sand beaches of Grenada. The sunlight streaming through the windows awoke the couple in Room 509 of Sandals Grenada all-inclusive resort. They both groaned and stretched, then rolled over to face each other. 

"Good morning," Matt said, looking into his wife's chocolate-brown eyes.

"Hi," Megan said, staring right back into her husband's blue eyes.

"I can't believe we're actually here," Matt said. "It's like a dream almost."

"Yeah," Megan said. "What do you wanna do today?"

"Whatever," Matt smiled. "Explore the resort, swim of course, just chill."

"Sounds perfect. We should probably get dressed and go have breakfast. Shower?"

"Sure."

Megan threw her blanket off and walked to the bathroom. The bathroom was gorgeous. It had two sinks, a soaking tub, and a large, glass-enclosed shower. Megan stepped into the shower and started it. Once the hot water began to flow she stepped in. Matt soon joined her. Megan washed her hair as Matt washed her back. Then Megan moved out of the water so Matt could wash. As he washed his hair, Megan lathered the soap on her hands. She reached down and began to wash Matt's cock. 

"Whoa there," Matt smirked. "What do you think you're doing?"

Megan looked at her husband with a playful smile.

"I have to wash all of you," she said. "Don't like it?"

"Just unexpected, that's all," Matt said.

Matt had become erect from Megan's touch. He turned around and rinsed. When he turned back around, Megan was on her knees.

"Do you like the unexpected?" she said playfully.

"More and more," Matt replied.

"I want your cock in my mouth."

Matt moved to his wife. She opened her mouth to receive him. She stuck her tongue out and began to flick the tip with her tongue. Matt gasped. She flicked faster, eliciting a groan. She had him right where she wanted him. She slid her tongue up and down her husband's erect shaft, right along the vein. She could see it throbbing.

"Fuck," Matt moaned. 

Megan moaned as her tongue continued to slide up and down his hardness. She saw precum glistening as it dripped from his cock. She opened her mouth and took just the head. She held her mouth on it as she massaged it with her tongue. Matt moaned louder. He grabbed her head.

"Fuck Megan, that feels so good."

"Ready to cum yet?" she asked. 

"I'm close," Matt moaned. 

"Then fuck my mouth," she whispered seductively. "I want you in my throat."

Matt held her long brown hair and slid his hard cock into his wife's waiting mouth. It felt amazing as he fucked her face. Her lips wrapped tightly around his cock. He fucked her mouth faster and deeper. Megan felt him hit the back of her throat. She gagged on him, pulling back a little. Matt slid in and out, in and out, his moans getting louder with each thrust. She could taste his salty precum. It was flowing from him now; she knew he was close. She reached up and pulled his hands from her head.

"My turn to be in control," she smiled.

She put her hands around his thighs and took him all in her mouth. Matt watched as her head bobbed up and down on him. She took all of him. She gagged a few times, moaning on him. 

"Give me your cum," she commanded.

"Swallow?" Matt asked.

"Maybe," she teased. 

Megan continued to suck her husband's manhood. She could feel him throbbing in her mouth now, on the verge of orgasm. She took him as deep as she could, almost screaming on his cock. Matt lost it.

"Fuck!" he moaned.

She felt him spasm in her mouth. His hot, thick load shot into her throat. She swallowed it all, every drop. She kept him in her mouth, even after his cock had released all its juices. She sucked him a little more. She was so horny now. Pleasing her husband had made her wet. She stood up.

"How was that?" she asked.

"Amazing," Matt gasped. 

Matt turned the shower off. They got out and dried off. As they moved towards the bed, Matt pushed Megan down.

"What the hell?" she asked.

"I want to please you," he smirked.

"We just showered," Megan replied. "There will plenty of time for that later, probably tonight." She winked. "Right now, we need to get to breakfast."

They got dressed and headed down to breakfast, unaware of the adventures that awaited them over the next few days.