 02.01 Diana, Adrian, Surrogate Lover:

02.02 Adrian, Diana, Foreplay:

02.03 Adrian, Diana, The Mating:

02.04 Diana, Sybian, Fitness Room:

02.01 Sarah, Adrian, Surrogate Lover:

Diana awoke around 8.00am and stretched sensuously under the silky sheet. Her morning arousal had become her 'normal' awakening since her divorce eight years ago. She sighed as the fabric brushed and teased her nipples and smiled when she saw the stiffening peaks push up under the sheet. She felt her clitoris tingle as it extended itself and she moaned when she spread her legs and the silkiness brushed over pink organ of joy.

With great reluctance she slipped out of the bed and walked naked into the bathroom and took a long warm shower.

This was the morning, the morning that her years of abstinence were going to end. Her friends had arranged several dates for her but there was always something that disappointed her with the men she went out with. After much thought she decided to allow the Resort to assigned a Surrogate Lover for her. Diana has been a member for over twelve years and knew the Resort would not let her down. Prior to arriving, she blushingly filled out the 'online' form with its fifty plus, highly personal questions.

Diana finished her shower and dried herself off. She was about to put on a robe when she remembered the email reply she got from the Resort.

'Your Lover would prefer if you met him at the door in your full nakedness.'

As she entered the bedroom she turned off the lights except for the ones over the bed. Those she dimmed so the bed was bathed in a soft warm glow. She then adjusted the audio system so soft romantic mood music flowed throughout the room. The more she did, the more nervous and excited she got. She pulled the covers and top sheet down to the foot of the bed and placed two pillows on it, one for head and one for her hips. With everything ready, she then went into the kitchen and made herself a quick breakfast. Diana sat on the sectional sipping her coffee, anxiously awaiting the knock on the door to her bungalow.

There was a soft knock on the door and a startled Diana jumped up from the sectional. She was half way to door and remembered that she naked and slowly opened the door, using it as shield, in case it was someone other than her Lover.

It was as if time had stopped. Her heart beat faster and her breath quickened when she saw the 'Prince' of her dreams standing in front of her. Her hands moved by themselves and the door opened wider. She stood back, presenting her nakedness to him.

Diana stammered for words and then got controlled of herself and said,

"You are everything and more of what I envisioned you to be. My name is Diana."

Her Lover smiled and said,

"My friends call me Adrian."

Diana trying to compose herself and not display her excitement, realized that Adrian was still standing outside.

"Oh! Adrian .. I'm sorry .. come in .. come in."

Adrian walked in and closed the door. They were barely two feet apart and Diana's eyes looked at the robed body, wondering what lay beneath the soft fabric. Adrian reached for the sash of his robe and almost teasingly loosened it.

Diana couldn't contain her gasp when the robe parted and her eyes feasted on her Lover's magnificent body. With one glance she took in his muscular, flat abdomen and magnificent manhood. His flaccid penis was at least 5" long and over an inch thick. The head of his penis swayed below his heavy balls. Adrian smiled as he shrugged the robe from his shoulders and then held out his arms to Diana. Diana quickly melted against his body and looked up into his handsome face. Their mouths met and they kissed deeply and passionately. She felt the thick tube of flesh pressing against her right thigh and she shifted her thigh against it. Adrian's long, thick penis quickly stirred and nudged its way upward between the two abdomens.

For the first time in eight years, Diana felt the rising thickness of a male erection and she moaned into her Lover's mouth. She could feel her wetness seep between the folds of her labia. As it thickened and lengthened, Diana had to move her hips outward, allowing his expanding manhood to extend fully upward between their bodies. She felt the erect hardness begin to throb and flex and her kiss intensified. She broke the kiss, her flushed face was panting and gasping.

She stepped back and looked at Adrian's incredible erection. It was at least 8 or 9 inches long and almost as thick as her wrist. Her breath came in deep pants when she saw the thick gland begin to flex and pulse. She looked up into the eyes of her Lover, her face was now covered with the flush of desire and need. Adrian took her hand and led a trembling Diana into the bedroom.

02.02 Adrian, Diana, Foreplay:

Adrian whispered in her ear,

"Diana honey, make yourself comfortable on the bed and I will join you".

Diana quickly did so and positioned her hips on the pillow which raised her sex upward, her eyes never left the handsome face of her Lover or his incredible flexing manhood."

Adrian knew the Resort's bungalows well and open the drawer to the night stand. He picked up a bottle of massaging oil, then crawled onto the bed and knelt in front of Diana's closed and bent legs. Diana's heart pounded faster when she saw Adrian's magnificent manhood bobbing in the air as he positioned himself and her breathing quickened when she saw him pour some of the contents onto his hands.

Her Lover's slick hands began to gently massage the top of her thighs. The contact was electrifying. Slowly his hands moved downward onto her inner thighs, his touches moved from knees to almost touching her labia and then back to her knees. A soft moaned escaped her mouth each time the massaging hands approached her sex.

Finally, Adrian saw what he was waiting for, Diana's thighs slowly began to part. This time the tips of his fingers lovingly traced the outer edges of her labia folds. A deeper sigh and the thighs spread wider. As they did the folds flared apart and Diana's Lover now saw her sexual treasures unfolding like the wings of a butterfly.

His hands formed themselves around her labia and began a soft massaging motion. He smiled when he felt Diana's hips jerk and then heard a gasping sound. Adrian slipped a finger between the folds and began to deliciously explore the moistening furrow. He traced around the sensitive inner lips and then upward toward the engorged organ that was standing out of its clitoral hood like a bright pink beacon. His slick thumb pressed and swirled around rigid organ and Diana squealed with joy.

The exploring fingers slipped downward and renewed their caressing of her sensitive vaginal opening. He repeated the loving cycle again and again until he heard continuous moans of pleasure and her hips franticly pushing her enflamed sex against his assaulting thumb and fingers. He leaned inward and Diana felt his warm, moist breath bathe her labia. Suddenly, the most ecstatic sensation griped loins as her Lover's lips, mouth and tongue made contact with her rigid clitoris and began sucking on it as though it was an erection. Diana's thighs spread wider and her hips bucked upward and her hands shot downward and grasped the loving head as jolts of joy exploded across her enflamed sex.

While Adrian's lips and tongue suckled on her exploding clitoris, his finger now nudged inward past the excited inner lips. It twisted and turned as it slipped into her eager opening. Her juices were now oozing outward. Another finger joined the first and both were now stroking into her highly excited vagina while his mouth was devouring her throbbing organ of joy. Diana's soaring arousal threw her into a sexual frenzy. Her bullet-like nipples felt as though they were going to explode. Her vaginal muscles clenched around the lunging fingers and her clitoris was sending jolts of joy cascading throughout her body. She felt the long twisting fingers circle around the lining of her vagina as though they was looking for something. One of his fingers found the rough, bean shaped area of her illusive 'G' spot and Adrian began to ecstatically massage and caress the hyper-sensitive tissues as Diana's hips bucked and jerked wildly. The other finger joined in on the manipulation of her excited 'G' spot and Diana's body exploded and began convulsing uncontrollably as her first orgasm was unleashed.

Adrian didn't stop his massaging fingers or the deep suckling of Diana's engorged organ of joy. He knew he could coax another orgasm from Diana's jerking body. Bright flashes of orgasmic lights flashed across her mind and eyes. Her thick vaginal juices gushed outward past the thrusting fingers drenching her thighs, the pillow and bed. Suddenly, Diana broke out of her orgasmic freeze and her wail echoed around the room.

"IEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ..."

Her body had absorbed all the ecstatic sensations that it could and she slumped back onto the bed unconscious. Her body continued to buck and jerk in the throes of her orgasm. Adrian withdrew his loving mouth and fingers. Shortly Diana recovered and she moaned as ecstatic aftershocks rippled across her body.

She looked down her body and saw the smiling face of her Lover. She reached out with her arms. Adrian shuffled forward on the bed and moved between her spread thighs and then leaned over her body. Their lips, mouths and tongues met and they kissed deeply and passionately.

02.03 Adrian, Diana, The Mating:

Soon the loving embrace was broken and Adrian leaned back on his lower legs. She saw her Lover's massive, glistening erection jerking vertically in the air and her heart raced in anticipation.

The HD cameras zoomed in and the clients saw up close view of Adrian's engorged erection oozing its precum which drooled down the length of his shaft.

"Oh God! Adrian .. It is so beautiful!"

Adrian flexed his straining member and Diana as if in a trance, lifted herself up from the bed and crawled toward the pillar of joy that was beckoning to her. A sharp intake of breath was heard as her hands wrapped themselves around it with soft squeezes and massages and her vagina and clitoris rippled with anticipation as the massive thickness throbbed in her hands. Her hands dropped down lifting Adrian's swaying balls and her mind reeled as the heavy, soft thickness that lay within her hands.

Diana saw the clear liquid oozing over the glistening head of Adrian's erection and was drawn to it like a magnet. Her hands left Adrian's testicles and she renewed her exploration of the straining hardness between her Lover's spread thighs. The fingers of her right hand slipped onto the slick gland and began swirling the slick precum in delicious circles. She heard Adrian moan and his erection jerked in her hands. Diana leaned inward and her tongue replaced her fingers. Adrian moaned again as Diana adorned the excited head of his erection. Her tongue slipped into the puckering opening and she felt the slick warmness seep onto the tip of her tongue. It was like an aphrodisiac 'hit' and Diana began sucking it up as if her tongue was a straw.

Adrian gasped loudly and gently pulled Diana away from his erection and she looked at him with puzzlement in her eyes.

He smiled at her and said,

"I want to satisfy your needs first."

Diana's arousal soared knowing that her moment had arrived and she settled back down on the bed and adjusted her hips on the pillow. Her breathing quickened and her labia twitched as Adrian shuffled forward between her spread thighs. His hands grasped her legs behind the knees and positioned them on the bed beside her breasts and slithered up and over her panting body. He smiled as her enflamed sex was pushed upward and pressed his engorged hardness between the swollen lips pushing them further apart. Diana cooed as Adrian began an ecstatic sawing motion, up and down, up and down, causing Diana to twist her sex in a futile attempt to get the thick gland to nestle into her clasping inner lips. Her body and mind screamed for penetration and she reached between their bodies and grasped the incredible tube of hard flesh with both hands. With a sense of urgency she guided the slick head so it slid up and down her swollen, wet crease not letting it lose contact with her sex until it was poised at the clenching opening to her womanhood.

Diana looked at her Lover with pleading eyes,

"Please .. Adrian .. Please."

Adrian smiled and nestled further between Diana's clasping inner lips. Her loins rippled with ecstatic sensations as the head nudged against the entrance to her enflamed vagina and then slowly slipped inward. Her elastic entrance stretched eagerly to accommodate the wonderful thickness and a sharp hiss of joy escaped Diana's mouth as the gland 'popped' inward and her vaginal entrance kissed and caressed the slick crown of her Lover. Adrian nudged the first inch of his manhood into her seething vagina which eagerly stretched to accommodate the throbbing thickness. Adrian pushed further inward and was rewarded with a deeper groan.

1"..2"..3"..4"

Diana felt the most incredible stretching of her vagina and a wonderful sense of fullness. Four inches of hard, thick joy pushed and stretched its way into her enflamed passage. Diana wanted more, she begged for more. She gurgled and mewed as Adrian sunk into the depths of her sexual being. Diana's eyes opened wide as her vagina was ecstatically stretched and filled. She gasped as the thick erection kept slipping into her, inch by glorious inch.

5"..6"..7"..8"..9"

Diana could feel every fleshy ridge of the massive organ buried within her. Her vaginal muscles expanded and started to clench around the massive organ. Adrian waited patiently for Diana to became accustomed to his thick hardness, flexing gently deep inside her, but still not moving his body. Adrian waited a moment, flexed again as another moan of rising pleasure escaped her open mouth. Adrian slowly withdrew, almost all the way out, and then slipped all the way back in. He withdrew part way, and seemed to wiggle slightly as he adjusted his position. The angle of penetration changed, and pressed oddly into her for a moment, dragging back and forth until ... something electric shot through Diana's enflamed sex. An intense wave of ecstatic joy surged through her highly excited vagina and shot upward, connecting with her rigid organ of joy and then onto her excited bullet-like nipples. She wailed as the flexing head teased and caressed her excited 'G' spot as it ecstatically stroked across the hyper-sensitive tissues. Shards of electric joy charged across her dazed and stunned body. Her rigid clitoris throbbed and ached as it tried to stretch further outward from its protective hood.

Adrian thrust fully inward then withdrew to tease her magic spot again and again. It was incredible. Diana was overloaded with raw pleasure, and she knew she was rapidly climbing toward orgasmic trip point. The massive member continued to enrage her enflamed vagina, sometimes sliding all the way in, filling her completely, once, twice, three times, before pulling back and sparking her sweet spot again. She gasped and groaned, unable to fully catch her breath. Her body was frozen, spread open and lewdly thrust upward, unable or unwilling to move, not wanting the incredible connection to be broken.

"Oh God! .. Yes .. More .. Deeper .. Faster!"

Suddenly, Diana thrust her enraged sex forcefully upward impaling herself completely on her lover's granite hardness and her legs shot outward in a wide 'V' kicking franticly in the air. Her eyes and mouth snapped open as her body ecstatically exploded with her first orgasm. The orgasmic lightning struck inside her ecstatic body and she screamed. Her arms curled around her Lover's neck tightly, her toes curled and her hands fisted.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

Diana couldn't stop convulsing or screeching as her body wide orgasm exploded throughout her sexual being. She was so completely full and her orgasming juices squished and gushed around the hard organ which was giving her so much joy.

It was glorious. It was perfect. It was beautiful.

Diana's foaming wetness gushed outward past her swollen and clenching folds. Her inner muscles squeezed and massaged the pulsing flesh that was deeply embedded within her body. Her rigid, jerking clitoris felt as though it was going to explode. Her whole body shook and trembled as her orgasm seemed to last forever.

Adrian let her rest while his flexing manhood remained buried deeply within in her. Soon, Diana cooed again as her lover withdrew and began to stroke into her with gentle, full length thrusts. She felt his huge, heavy testicles push between her spread thighs with each inward thrust as delicious aftershocks continued to flood her satisfied body.

He lunged inward and Diana felt incredibly full when the wonderful thickness entered her cervix and pushed against the flowering portal to her womb. She breathed heavily in quick pants in response to the delicious impalement. Adrian withdrew so the thick head teased the sucking inner lips and then slithered back into the depths of her seething passage.

Diana once again moaned and gurgled as her body vaulted up the arousal ladder.

Both of Adrian's hands grasped Diana's thighs and again started a slow, building rhythm as his member stroked steadily in and out of Diana's, frothy, excited vaginal passage and her deep gasping sounds registered her body's rising levels of ecstasy. She began thrusting and grinding her hips back onto the long, thick organ that was plunging into the depths of her sexual being. For the first time she was hearing Adrian's deep, gasping pants as his strokes took on a sense of urgency. She wanted to return the joy that he was giving her and began clenching her vaginal muscles with exquisite squeezes and massages. Adrian gasped as his straining manhood became encased within a deep sucking and milking sheath.

Diana now wanted, now needed and now craved for Adrian's thick, jettisoning essence to flood into her enflamed sex. Adrian's deep strokes intensified and Diana tightened her arms around her Lover and skewered her enflamed sex in tight circles. Suddenly Adrian plunged inward and his jerking member began to thicken and flex wildly within her milking passage. Diana felt the most incredible ballooning sensation in her seething vagina as a flood of thick, hot semen spewed from the flexing gland. She thrust her hips forcefully upward and squealed with joy.

Adrian pulled his straining erection outward and then thrust inward again and again as his spasming gland unleashed another forceful, flood of semen. The ecstatic feelings spread throughout Diana like a series of freight trains, rumbling from her vagina and connecting with her exploding clitoris, up to her breasts, nipples and then flooding into her mind.

Diana's second, climatic orgasm was total and all consuming.

Her toes curled and her hands again tightened around his neck. Her orgasmic scream drowned out the deep moans of her lover. Bright flashes of orgasmic lights danced across her wide open eyes. Every cell in her body vibrated with ecstasy. His spewing essence went on and on, his hips grinding is turgid shaft deep into her frenzied sex, flooding her clenching womanhood again and again with his thick essence.

Diana screamed in orgasmic joy.

Her sensory system went into overload and she lost consciousness for several moments. Her body continued to orgasm as Adrian continued to flex his erection as he continued to ejaculate.

He leaned over Diana and waited for her to regain consciousness. She awoke to intense multiple aftershocks and felt her Lover's huge member still flexing within her. She wrapped her arms around him and aggressively kissed him as her body spasmed and convulsed. She moaned into his mouth with sexual fulfillment and satisfaction. Adrian hunched up his hips and slowly his hard member slipped out of her reluctant and stretched vagina with a loud slurping sound. Torrents of vaginal juices and ejaculant gushed out of the gaping opening and flowed down her thighs.
