 The car was beginning to slip and slide under the snow, as Gina struggled to keep on the country road. She had always learned to steer into the skid, but the compulsion to steer as normal was a hard habit to break. She slowed her speed to adjust for the roads. If she had lost control, she was certain to be stuck for several days. The resort was not going to be opened for another week, but a decent amount of powder had already fallen. 

Her rented Lexus was still able to navigate the undulating road. It was not as if she was in a hurry to get to the resort. From what the owner of the resort had told her, the upgrade to the fibre optic line was supposed to allow for faster connection speed. Gina had a small panic attack as she wondered if her laptop was in her bag. Absentmindedly, she reached back and felt around for her knapsack. When she felt the stiff lump of the corner of her computer, she allowed herself to relax. 

The crunching under the tires began to subside. Finally, she had made it up to the parking lot of Graymont, the exclusive ski resort in the middle of nowhere up in Wyoming. The town was constructed to cater to rich and aspiring rich people to spend the day on the slopes. Gina had never once touched a pair of skis, but would be all too happy to accept some contract work. She had to take time off her usual job just to accept. 

It was not as if she had much else to do. The divorce was over a year ago, and Gina never recovered either emotionally or financially. Her deadbeat husband had been slowly stealing money from her, losing it at the casino and going to titty bars. They had to sell their home, as the debt her husband had built up was considered communal, meaning they were both on the hook. Gina still had her job to fall back on, but she felt as if she was starting from square one. 

She pulled the Lexus up to the front of the main building. When she got out of the car, she stuck her behind out as she reached in to get her knapsack. A gust of wind blew snow from the car roof directly down into her butt crack as she was bending over. The jolt of cold and wetness caused her to jerk herself up, making her whack her head on the car roof. The soft padding of the roof prevented injury, but Gina felt self-conscious regardless. She pulled out the knapsack and threw it over her shoulder. 

She was careful not to slip on the sidewalk as she made her way to the front door. The owner had said to meet up with the custodian. Gina had in mind the kind of man she was going to have to meet—some pot-bellied, foul-smelling, unmannered fool who barely made it through high school. Gina was not terribly snobby, but she did recognize when a weekend was about to be wasted. The man would likely be leering at her the entire time. 

Gina did her cute little steps to the door. She should have worn better shoes than her UGGs, but she liked how comfortable they were. She squinted as she peered through the glass, placing her hand to shield her eyes. She tried knocking on the door. 

"Can I help you?" came a voice behind her. 

Gina let out a small squeal. She turned around quickly, only to find a tall stranger standing there. He was in a thick snow suit and ski mask, wearing sunglasses over the hood. He had a snow shovel slung over his shoulder. 

"I'm...so sorry," Gina began, her heart still racing. "I was sent here by Tom Filk." She fumbled for one of her business cards. 

The man scratched at his ski mask. "Oh, you must be the IT person," he said. Gina noticed he had an unusual accent. The man strolled by her as he produced a set of keys from his jacket pocket. He tried a few keys before finally getting into the front door. He swung it open and walked inside, while Gina reached over and grabbed the door before it slammed behind him. The man stomped in, shaking snow as he went. 

"Uh, hello?" Gina began. "Can you please show me where the computer room is?" 

The man shook off more of the snow from his suit. He cocked his head to the right. "It's over here," he said. "All of the CCTV screens are in there as well. I think they have the modems or whatever there, too." He walked away absentmindedly. "I'll leave your room key here on the desk," he said as he walked by the front desk, slapping it with his gloved palm. "Dinner's at seven in the main dining hall." 

Gina sighed in frustration. Left to work on her own, she made way to the office. Inside were the screens for the various cameras that monitored the ski runs, as well as various parts of the resort. She looked around until she found the closet where the modems were stored. She opened the door, only to find a spaghetti tangle of cables and several modems dangling on the wall. 

Gina ground her teeth as she let her knapsack slide off her shoulder. "You have to be fucking kidding me," she muttered. Gina was fastidious in her pursuit of a properly organized closet. This was going to eat up most of her afternoon just trying to reorganize the tangle of wires. She was hoping that the testing and install could go faster. Any spare time she could get in the village would be welcomed. She could go in and out of the overpriced shops, likely unable to afford the high-end clothes or gourmet chocolates. 

She left her knapsack in the office and made her way back to the parking lot. Once she had made her way out of the door, she instantly slipped and fell on her bottom. Gina landed hard, feeling the pain all the way up her spine. 

"Oh, FUCK ME!" she screamed. Gina slowly fell over onto her side as she grabbed at her butt. After a couple of minutes, the pain started to subside. Thanks to her Sicilian roots, she was blessed with a lovely round posterior. Her pants were starting to soak through with the melting snow, so she mustered her strength to get to her feet and try again. She looked down at her UGGs. "I still love you, even if I do look like a basic bitch right now." 

Getting her toolkit from the trunk, she made way back to the front door. She made her way up the walk with utmost care, then made her way back to the utility office. 

A young man was standing there by the front desk. He looked barely legal, standing with his elbows propped up on the desk and his feet sticking out in front of him. He had stunning blonde hair with cute curls on top. He was also deeply tanned with some of the smoothest skin Gina had ever seen. He looked her way and shot her a smile, showing a blindingly white set of teeth. It was probably the most appealing part of him. His shoulders had an amazing roundness to them. He was standing there in a tight white t-shirt, which was either specially tapered or his chest was stretching it to unimaginable proportions. 

Gina struggled with words. "Uh...you're the guy from earlier, right?" 

The man shrugged coyly. "No one else here. Sorry I didn't introduce myself before. I'm Jake. Jake King." He extended his arm and walked toward her. 

Gina tried again to reach for her business card, then changed her mind. "Gina. Gina Barese." She grabbed his hand with her wet glove, instantly regretting it. Jake gave no indication of minding as he grasped her hand. His hand grip was soft, as if he was aware that he was not shaking hands with some drinking buddy. She liked the way he rubbed his thumb against the back of her hand, like a special reassuring rub. 

She quickly took her hand back. "Oh, sorry! These are wet." 

He shot her the smile again, giving her heart a flutter. "No worries. You look ready to do the Harry back to work." 

Gina paused. "I'm sorry. Are you from around here?" 

Jake threw his head back. Even though he was laughing at Gina, it was such a boyishly charming gesture. "Well, no, love. The accent should give that away, yeah?" 

Gina realized her blunder and started to laugh nervously too. She put her hand to her forehead, realizing she was starting to sweat. On top of her looking like a mess from her four hour drive, she did not want to start smelling around this boy. "I guess not. I just thought it was so strange that someone from England could find his way out to the middle of Wyoming." 

"Australia, love," he corrected. Another blunder. "But I don't take it personally. Just don't warm up my beer, right?" Gina giggled again, oblivious to the joke but was just bowled over by the way he said it. 

"Well," Gina said, shaking her toolbox, "I have a real mess to clean up back there. The last IT guy must have had it in for me." She felt another wave of panic run through her. "That wasn't you, was it?" 

"Me?" Jake replied. "Nah, I don't know anything about computers. I do the maintenance here before we open." He picked up a key off of the desk. "I'll let you stay in the deluxe suite. We have the run of the place to ourselves. Make a mess all you want. The maids will be around later to clean it all up." He slapped the key down again on the desk. "Later, Gina." He walked up the stairs near the front desk. 

Gina allowed a slow smile to creep over her face as she placed her hand on the upper part of her chest. She exhaled and squeezed her eyes shut. After gaining her composure, she went to the office to get to work. 

The cables were at least labelled properly, which made the rewiring and hanging a simpler job. Gina ran the six-pair wiring for the new upgraded Internet service. She was imagining some blonde, slender robo-wife trying to get a proper Skype connection through her phone so she can call her kids and apologize for not bringing them along. She shook her head and smiled, thinking of the uptight bitches who are completely clueless to how the luxuries around them were actually built and maintained. 

The IT job Gina accepted years ago afforded her the two great lures of any job—high pay and low effort. She had also managed to make friends with so many people in her office building. Most people calling for IT services expected some waxy-skinned male with a wispy douche mustache. When they saw Gina come in, the women looked relieved and the men looked excited. 

Gina had her mother's giant beautiful ass, neatly balanced out with great D-cups. She jiggled in six different directions when she walked. She had put on a slight amount of weight after she had married, which might explain why her husband appeared to be losing interest in her. Most of the weight went into her thighs, which she was painfully aware rubbed together a bit too much when she walked. She envied the Instagram bimbos that had that perfect thigh gap. She was satisfied knowing that she was feminine enough to still attract attention. 

Gina got up off of her knees, feeling the burn of her denim etched into her skin. She hooked up her laptop and ran the configuration program. Looking at the clock, she saw that dinner was not for another hour. She decided to make her way to her room and get herself cleaned up. 

She grabbed her room key off of the front desk and brought her small suitcase through the hallways. On her way, she noticed one of the doors open and the lights in the room on. She could also hear running water. Gina left her suitcase in the hallway and peeked in to investigate. Looking in at the bathroom, she saw a figure in the shower reflected in the large corner mirror. The bathroom door was also left open. Gina assumed this was Jake's room, and he was probably used to being alone for extended periods of time. 

She could make out the shape of Jake's body. His ass looked like it was carved out of granite, and his back rippled. Gina finally figured out why his muscles were flexing—his arm was moving back and forth rapidly. He was actually jerking off. Gina put her hands to her face to keep herself from gasping. Jake was throwing his head back, probably enjoying himself. Gina wondered if he was jerking it thinking about her. 

Backing up, she knocked a desk lamp over. The noise was so loud that Gina's heart almost stopped. She ran out of the room and grabbed her suitcase in the hallway, nearly running at top speed towards her room. 

She fumbled with the electronic key, finally sliding it in and slamming the door behind her. Gina was still terrified that Jake would run up to her door and pound on it, accusing her of being a sexual predator. She waited a few minutes, then allowed herself to relax once she realized she was not being followed. 

Ready to get herself clean, she stripped completely nude and opened her suitcase. She grabbed her toiletries and walked over to the bathroom. She absolutely loved being nude at any opportunity, sometimes spending all day walking around the house in the buff on the hotter days. 

She admired the bathroom, now noticing just how wonderful the ensuite room was that she had. Jake had actually treated her quite well. She turned on the shower, stunned at first as the jets sprayed out from several different nozzles mounted in the wall. Someone who stayed there before likely left the full body spray setting on. Gina stepped in, letting the warm water hit her in all directions. She stroked her black, curly hair as she turned around several times. The spray was really doing its work, making it feel as if she was getting a tender massage from all directions. 

She wondered who else might have stayed here. Some hot young couple probably stood in here and fucked standing up. Gina pictured throwing her thigh up against the back of some stud's leg as he pounded her. The best action she had since the divorce was a clumsy feel in a Honda CR-V. She never called the guy again, mostly because he did not seem able to take no for an answer. 

Gina turned off the shower. She had trimmed down below just enough before she headed out here, showing a lovely landing strip. A girl has to be prepared. Jake had plenty of fresh towels stocked in the bathroom closet. She grabbed the largest one and began to dab at herself. She made her way out to the main room. Next to the bed was a full-length mirror. Gina strolled over and checked herself out. 

She dropped the towel, then ran her fingers over her body. "Girl, even with all the shit things in your life, you still have some rockin' titties." She put her hands on her hips and gave them a good shake. Even her own large breasts were fascinating to watch as they rippled and wiggled. So many women she knew were getting implants, and they just looked horrible to Gina. She supposed they could not all be so lucky. 

Gina turned to the side and admired her figure more. She had only a slight pot belly, but the way her ass stuck out it more than made up for it. Gina stood all of 5'2", but with her curves it only made her more voluptuous. She placed her hands under her breasts and lifted, remembering younger days when they seemed to defy gravity. Her pink nipples were standing at attention, mostly due to the cold air, but part of it due to thinking about the boy down the hall. 

"All right, girl," she said. "Enough admiring yourself." Gina reached over to her open suitcase on the bed and pulled out a lace G-string. She stepped into them and pulled them up. She then got the matching bra and skillfully placed it on. She decided with a modest wool sweater and slacks for her outfit. She took a good look at how her boobs looked in the sweater. There was no point in giving Jake too much of an eyeful. She also wanted to play it safe for now. She only met this Jake fellow. Did he have a girlfriend? God forbid he was gay! What a waste of such a beautiful man. 

Gina made her way down to the dining hall. Jake had gone out of his way to make her feel relaxed. There were two glowing candles at one of the tables in the middle of the room, and the places had all been set. Jake was coming forward with two trays with steam coming off of them. He placed them down on the table, then noticed Gina coming forward. 

He flashed the smile again. "Sorry, love. All we got is microwave dinners. But hey, beat's a kick up the arse." 

Gina made herself comfortable as Jake draped a cloth napkin along her lap. She raised her eyebrows, impressed with how gallant he was acting. Jake sat down and was about to eat when he clapped his hands together. "Wait!" he exclaimed. He got up and ran behind the bar, producing a bottle. "Eighteen year old scotch," he said as he sat down again, holding up the bottle for inspection. 

Gina gasped and put her hand over her mouth. "Not the MacAllan!" she protested. "Oh, Jake, I don't want you to get in trouble." 

Jake waved his hand. "No great loss. Alcohol evaporates in the bottle sometimes." He stuck his tongue to his upper lip as he poured out two glasses. Gina did not want to appear rude, so she took a sip. The smell of the whiskey was strong, but she held it together. She was not much of a drinker except for an occasional glass of Shiraz in the tub. 

"So Jake," Gina began. "How old are you?" 

Jake looked surprised she would ask. "Twenty." 

"Jesus, fuck," Gina muttered under her breath. She widened her eyes and resumed normal volume. "I'm...thirty-five myself. I guess I kind of look it, right?" 

Jake pushed his lips together and shook his head. "No, I thought you were out of uni or something." 

Gina wondered right then and there what his penis tasted like. 

"As for me," he continued, "this is my second year working at the resort. A lot of Aussies get hired for the ski resorts." 

This genuinely surprised Gina. "Oh? Are you all great skiers or something?" 

Jake laughed. His teeth were so flawless. "No, I think because our uni courses happen at a different time of year. Also our ski season is different." 

Gina nodded. "Oh, right, the..." She flipped her hands around. "Upside-down thing." 

Gina finished off her penne and chicken. It was far from the most appetizing meal she ever had, but given her treatment at the resort, she was willing to put up with some small sacrifices. She drained the last of her drink, then let out a wild yelp as the whiskey burned its way past her esophagus. Jake laughed at the spectacle. Gina was desperate to put that gorgeous smile back on his face again. 

They made their way up to the hallway. Jake stopped in front of his room. "So, this is me," said Jake, seeming flustered. His face suddenly started to turn a pinkish hue. 

Gina smiled. "I'll be right down the hall. Good night, Jake." 

Every part of her felt like it was trying to grab at her brain, saying to throw herself at this breathtaking man. She took a long time before turning and walking down the hall. She made a point to really rub her hips together as she walked, hoping that her butt would send the signal. 

Once she made it to her room, she slapped her thigh in disgust. "Are you fucking kidding me, girl?" Her right buttock was still smarting from the spill she took earlier in the day. She slipped out of her clothes, standing in her underwear. "Ah, fuck it!" She then ripped off the bra and panties, then scrambled into bed. She stretched out her legs under the tight covers, making small gyrations with her hips. 

She bit her lower lip. She then looked at the door, praying he would come bursting through. "Come on, Jake," she whispered at the door. "Get in here and fuck me."After a good ten minutes of staring, Gina succumbed to the whiskey and fell asleep. 

The next morning, Gina was installing the patch for the software. She realized now it was going to be three hours before completion. She made her way under the desk to be sure that her power pack was plugged in, when she saw a pair of legs come into the office. 

Gina jolted up, smacking her forehead hard on the desk. Jake scrambled down to get to her level, helping her up from the floor. 

"God, I'm sorry," he blurted. 

Gina held her forehead, chuckling with a closed mouth. "That was my own damn fault. I'm just...OWW!" Gina stiffened up as she felt a sharp pain in her butt. Jake helped her to the swivel chair. 

"Whoa, you must have hurt yourself badly there," Jake said. 
