 If you could imagine, we're in a restaurant somewhere, you're wearing jeans and a t-shirt and I'm wearing a long skirt with lots of material and a zipped up jacket.

We're sat at a table in the corner, its set for four so we have a lot of space -- we're quite well hidden by a large post and some plants. To walk by, people would see you as I have my back to them.

We're been chatting and laughing and occasionally reaching across the table to touch hands. You say something slightly sexy and we lean in to kiss -- you slip your tongue in my mouth for a split second and immediately my nipples tighten. I whisper this fact to you and you do that little smile you do like the cat that's got the cream which makes them tighten even more.

As I sit back into my seat I can feel that my pants have become moist and I lean forward to tell you that as well.

We're not sat directly opposite each other so when you question me as to the truthfulness of that fact I casually slide my hand down the front of my skirt and into my lap where I gently insert one finger into my pussy before drawing it out and offering it to you as proof.

You take my hand and place my finger in your mouth, flicking your tongue around it, sucking my juices from it. I tell you that now my breasts ache to be kissed and sucked and reach over to your lap and feel for your cock through your jeans. I can feel he's no longer content to sleep, but wants to play so using the table cloth as cover I unbutton your jeans and reach into your pants til he's freed under the table. 

Waitresses are buzzing around with no clue that under the table your cock is growing harder and harder in my hand. I can feel the tiniest of movements as you shift your hips and I lean in to give you a full on kiss before whispering 'I need your hand in my pussy'.

I have a long flowing skirt on and as you go to slide it up my legs you realise I'm wearing stockings -- as you get higher and higher you also realise I'm keeping them up with suspenders. As my skirt bunches up in my lap the only thing between my pussy and a restaurant full of people is a thin piece of silk and a table cloth. At that moment I feel your cock twitch and then I gasp audibly as you push a finger straight into me, no preliminaries, just straight in. It feels fucking wonderful but even so, its not enough, I want more and I want to give you more.

A waitress comes over and you try to remove your hand but I grab you by the wrist so you can't take it away. My other hand comes away from your cock and the hand holding your wrist starts to move your fingers over and over my pussy, using your fingers in the way I want to pleasure me, all the time chatting to the waitress who seems unaware. 

She goes and I'm feeling really turned on -- my free hand is back on your cock and I have uncontrollable urge to take you in my mouth. With a quick look around I slide down my chair and under the table -- hidden by the table cloth and although I know I have only a matter of minutes, I want your cock in my mouth.

I push between your legs, take hold of your cock and suck it into my warm, wet mouth with a tiny groan as I do so. I love to suck your cock, I love to feel it grow impossibly hard and thick, I love to taste that little bit of you that always escapes and I love to take you as deep into my throat as I can. Just a few deep sucks and I know I should get back into my chair, so pull away and return to my seat.

By now my pussy is throbbing almost to the point of pain and I know I must have you inside me -- for all the kissing, licking and stroking, the biggest thrill and turn on of all is when you slide your big thick cock into me so I am filled with you.

I drag your hand back to my lap and squash it so your fingers slip up inside me, it's a start but I want your cock inside me and I tell you so. I want you badly. I want you to want me as much. I unzip my jacket halfway and reveal that underneath is just the top half of a white Basque -- my breasts spilling out at the tops and sides, needing to be touched by you, kissed by you, sucked by you and nibbled by you.

I straighten my skirt while you try to manoeuvre your hard cock into your jeans, the bill is paid hurriedly and we walk extremely fast to the hotel and step into the lift. Not wanting to waste even a minute, as the doors shut I drop to my knees, unbutton your jeans and again release your cock, greedily taking it into my mouth, not caring if someone stops the lift to get in. One hand holds the base of you while the other finds itself way down the front of my skirt, where I desperately rub myself.

The lift comes to an abrupt stop, I stand, push you behind me as to cover you and we walk briskly to our room. Once inside, behind the door I again fall to my knees, dragging your jeans down with me, you step out of them as I suck you hard, cupping your balls in one hand and gently squeezing them. You tell me that you love me to suck your cock, that it feels really good and that I shouldn't stop. I move to put my tongue on that little gap between your arse and your balls, then I take your balls in my mouth, gently feeling them move around, sucking at them til they are both wet. You tell me you want to feel my pussy but Im past that now.

I want you to fuck me.

I tell you that I want you to push me against the door with my back to you, that I want you to lift my skirt and I want you to enter me. Hard and fast. You crush me against the door with your hard body, roughly pull up my skirt, shove my pants to one side and thrust into me and it feels like heaven. I tell you I don't want this to last, that I want it hard and fast. I push off the door slightly and unzip and throw off my jacket as you pound into me. You use one hand to steady my hips as your thrust and the other comes from behind and grabs a breast, where you caress my nipple. My left hand supports me away from the door, and my right hand reaches down to start a repetitive path from your balls to my pussy and back, stroking faster and faster as you thrust harder and deeper.

I can feel the start of that feeling. Abandoning your balls to concentrate on myself I tell you how I love you to fuck me like this. The feeling grows more and more as you hammer into me, knocking the air out of me with each thrust. I rub myself harder and faster, harder and faster and my breath becomes shallow. Your hand grips my breast harder now and my legs are buckling as the culmination of your thick cock thumping in me and my own hand rubbing ferociously brings me to the peak of a huge orgasm. My pussy contracts, my movements stop and I hold my breath as I allow you to take me over the edge, one hand on my breast, the other now in my pussy, stroking and rubbing me onwards -- I moan as I come, and as I release, I shower your hand and cock with my cum.

I fall against the door, and ride the aftershocks while you continue to move within me -- the fantastic feeling of being totally satisfied and so very close to you.

You stop for a moment, withdraw and turn me around. My skirt falls to the floor and you lead me to the bed, gently laying me down you stand in-between my legs. You caress my breasts and free them from the confinements of the Basque -- they spill over the top and are pink and flushed. As you guide yourself slowly into me again, your other hand plays with a nipple, tracing a circle around it till it stands up in a tight peak.

I tell you that I want you to cum now, I want you to fuck me till you cant help yourself, and you begin to move in and out of me. I tell you how good it feels, how you fill me with your big hard cock and how well you make me cum. You bend your head to kiss me as I grab your arse trying to pull you deeper into me. I tell you harder, faster, harder faster and your movements intensify until that first little groan gives it away that you are about to come. You slow down that fraction and thrust even deeper and I hold myself still. The first burst comes as you groan with release, I bring my hips up to yours to take over and I move up and down from underneath you to spur you on as each burst comes -- literally. Then, as you calm down, you lay on me and I hold you.