 The three lovers were awakened by the sun shining in through the balcony doors. Megan stirred first. Everything was as it had been when they fell asleep. She was still between Danielle and her husband, but now she was facing Matt. Matt's arm was around her, gently holding Danielle's hand. Megan leaned in and kissed her husband. His eyes opened; he smiled.

"Good morning," he said.

"Good morning," Megan replied.

Next to them, Danielle stirred. Her eyes fluttered open. Megan turned around to face her. She softly kissed Danielle. Danielle smiled.

"Did last night really happen?" she asked.

"It did," Matt answered.

Danielle and Megan continue to kiss. There was a knock at their door, and a brochure slid under it a moment later. Matt went to pick it up. Megan pulled her lips from Danielle's. 

"What's that?" Megan asked.

"The daily activities," Matt said.

"Anything good?" Danielle asked.

Matt scanned the brochure.

"Let's see. There's vans to take us into St. George's for shopping," Matt said, referring to the capital city of Grenada. "That leaves at 9, so if we want to go we better hurry up. Oh, and volleyball signups are today. Sand volleyball, obviously, pairs. Signup sheet will be posted at 8."

Megan and Danielle smiled. Matt could see the excitement in his wife's eyes.

"We're so doing this!" Danielle said.

"Yeah we are!" Megan affirmed. "We're gonna kick some ass!"

"Wanna go shopping?" Matt asked.

"Duh," the ladies said in unison.

"Then let's get going."

"No funny business in the shower," Megan joked, looking at Matt. "No time for that."

"What?" Matt said slyly.

Megan and Danielle slid their naked bodies out of bed. Megan headed into the bathroom and got the shower started. Matt walked over to Danielle. He grabbed her around the waist.

"May I kiss you good morning?" he asked.

"Of course," Danielle replied.

Matt pressed his lips to Danielle's. She returned the kiss. Their lips parted a few seconds later, and they headed to the bathroom. After showering the threesome dried off and got dressed.

"I didn't bring a change of clothes," Danielle said, slightly embarrassed. "I'll run back to my room and change and meet you at breakfast."

"Sounds good," Megan said. "See you soon."

Danielle slipped her green dress back on - she still looked drop-dead gorgeous in it - and left. Matt and Megan finished getting dressed. Matt wore khaki cargo shorts, a sky blue polo, and a sturdy pair of tennis shoes, as he anticipated a lot of walking. Megan wore a white strapless sun dress that stopped just above the knees and a white lace strapless bra underneath. And whereas her husband had chosen tennis shoes, she chose her favorite pair of sandals. 

"Ready?" Matt asked.

"Yep," Megan said.

They left the room and headed for the breakfast buffet. On their way they stopped by the main lobby, and Megan found the volleyball signup sheet. She penned her and Danielle's names in. She told Matt to help her remember there was a meeting about it at one-thirty. They got in line, which wasn't too bad, considering how many people stayed at the resort. Matt figured several guests went to the sit-down restaurant for breakfast. They went through the line. There were the usual breakfast foods: eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits, sausage gravy, and pastries. There were also fancier foods, like made-to-order omelettes, and a carving station where one could get ham or roast beef. There was also a large selection of fruits. Matt chose roast beef, fruit, croissants, and scrambled eggs. Megan had Eggs Benedict, fruit, croissants, and roast beef. They found a table overlooking the beach and sat down. A waiter appeared to take their drink orders.

"Mimosas," Megan said.

The waiter left to fetch their drinks. It didn't take long before he returned with two tall champagne glasses filled with their beverage of choice. Megan saw Danielle just finishing getting her food and waved. Danielle acknowledged with a head bob and a smile and headed over.

"Long time no see," Megan said as Danielle took a seat. "You look really cute!"

"Thanks!" Danielle said.

Danielle had chosen a mid-thigh length denim skirt and a yellow t-shirt that said, "Life's A Beach."

"Love the shirt," Matt said.

"You would," Megan replied, rolling her eyes. "He loves puns."

The waiter appeared to take Danielle's drink order.

"What they're having," she said.

The waiter soon returned with her mimosa. The three didn't talk as their main concern was finishing breakfast. They finished quickly. They got up and headed for the main entrance. It wasn't long before the announcement went out.

"Anyone here to go into town, the bus will be leaving in about ten minutes, so we're going to go ahead and board."

They followed the staff member outside where a large tour bus was waiting. They stood in line and waited their turn to board. When it was their turn they gave the staff member their names and stepped up into the bus. They were towards the front of the line so they had their pick of seats. Megan led them back a couple rows. The seats were two by two.

"Matt, do you care who I sit with?" Megan asked.

"Nope," Matt replied. 

Megan and Danielle sat down together. Matt sat across the aisle. Luckily, no one decided to take the seat next to him. Matt turned to see how many were coming on this little excursion. The bus appeared to be only about half full. The driver closed the door, and they were off. The bus ride took nearly an hour. The guests were rewarded with Grenada's breathtaking landscape. The bus finally pulled to a stop in what appeared to be the middle of downtown St. George's. The door opened, and the guests disembarked. As Matt, Megan, and Danielle exited the bus, Matt pulled them aside.

"Just so you know," he said in a hushed voice. "Homosexuality is against the law here, so you two can't hold hands or anything like that."

"Wow, didn't know that," Danielle said. "We'll be careful."

They spent the morning walking around the town and looking at different shops. Megan purchased some new jewelry, and Danielle found a dress she liked. And as was their tradition, Megan and Matt bought a mug depicting the island. They also stopped by a street vendor selling conch fritters. Danielle had never had conch fritters, but once she tried them she was hooked. After their snack, Matt checked the time.

"We'll need to get back if you ladies want to make the volleyball meeting," he said. 

They headed back to the bus. People were just starting to board. They joined the queue and were soon aboard. The bus departed, and as before, the guests took in the scenic views as they returned to the resort. The bus pulled into the resort, and the passengers disembarked. The three headed back in. 

"We have just enough time to grab lunch," Megan said.

They headed for the buffet and grabbed some sandwiches and drinks. They ate quickly. Then the ladies departed for their meeting. 

"I'm going to go change into my swimsuit and lounge by the pool," Matt said. "Enjoy your meeting."

Almost an hour later Megan and Danielle returned. They, too, had changed into their swimsuits. They took seats next to Matt.

"How was your meeting?" Matt asked.

"Good. Longer than it needed to be," Megan replied.

"So how is it set up?" Matt said.

"Round-robin style," Danielle answered. "They got eight teams. Games are at seven and eight in the morning, before it gets too hot. We play to twenty-one, cap of 25. And at the end of the week there's a single-elimination tournament."

"Cool," Matt said. "Although the point system seems weird."

"Yeah," Megan said. "But hey, their resort, their rules."

The three lounged by the pool for awhile, sipping their cold drinks and talking. Matt was the first to get into the pool. He jumped in. The water was cold and refreshing. He leaned forward against the edge of the pool, facing his wife and their lovely companion. Megan and Danielle soon joined him. They reclined in the pool and continued talking, planning out the rest of their day.

"You guys doing anything fun tonight?" Danielle asked.

She quickly realized the double meaning of her question.

"Other than that," she quickly added.

"Not sure," Megan said. "You?"

"Going to meet some friends for dinner then hang out, if that's cool."

"You don't have to ask our permission," Matt said. "We don't own you."

They all had a good laugh. The rest of the afternoon was spent swimming, drinking, and talking. Soon the sun began to descend towards the horizon. The three lovers exited the pool and dried themselves. 

"Have a great night," Danielle said.

"You, too," Matt said.

"Have fun," Megan added.

Matt and Megan headed towards their room while Danielle walked in the opposite direction towards hers. When they got back to their room, Matt stripped off his swim trunks and put on a pair of boxers and went to his duffel bag. Megan peeled her bathing suit off and hung the suits to dry in the bathroom. She came back out to find Matt reading something in a folder. 

"Seriously?" Megan asked, obviously annoyed. "I thought we agreed we weren't going to bring work with us!"

"Sorry," Matt said. "I told my boss I'd read this report and have my analysis ready the day after we get home."

"Ugh," Megan said. "We're here to relax, not read fucking reports!"

Matt just turned back to his papers. An idea popped into Megan's head. A very naughty idea. She went over to her luggage and pulled something out. After making sure her husband was still engrossed in his reading she went into the bathroom and closed the door; Matt didn't even notice. A few minutes later she emerged. 

"Hi, sexy," she said in a seductive voice.

Matt turned. His folder fell to the bed; he seemed almost paralyzed. Megan stood there, wearing a white babydoll nightie and white thigh-high stocking with little red bows at the top. The nightie was knee-length but hid nothing. 

"Do I have your attention now?" Megan asked.

She could tell by the bulge in her husband's boxers that she did. She stared at his erection and seductively licked her lips. She loved tantalizing her husband. She slowly walked to him. She leaned over him, her mouth mere inches from his.

"Tonight is about us," Megan said. "I've loved playing with Danielle, but tonight is about reconnecting with my husband."

"Perfect," Matt said.

"Do you like my nightie?" Megan asked.

"Very much."

Megan lightly kissed Matt's lips. Then she began to work her way down his body. She kissed his smooth muscular chest, gently caressing his skin with her lips. Her mouth continued it's downward movement. Her mouth finally reached Matt's erection. She flicked her tongue on the apex of the bulge, hitting the head of his cock through the boxers. Matt groaned with pleasure.

"That feel good?" Megan asked slyly.

"Very," Matt moaned. 

Megan continued to flick his tip through the boxers. A moment later she saw his juices beginning to soak through. She had him right where she wanted him. She opened his boxers, and his cock sprang free. Her mouth went immediately to the head, sucking gently, her tongue continuing to flick the tip of the head. Matt moaned louder.

"Fuck, Megan," he gasped.

She continued to suck and flick. Matt's cock was throbbing in her warm wet mouth. 

"Want me to make you cum?" she asked.

"Yes!" Matt replied.

"Not yet," Megan teased. 

She turned around and moved her backside up the bed. Soon Matt was staring at his wife's wet mound. 

"Lick," she commanded.

Matt slid his tongue around her lips slowly, gently. Megan moaned as she took all of him in her mouth now. She went halfway down him, gagging slightly. Matt moaned and continued licking. He gently took her engorged pussy lips in his mouth and began to gently suck. Megan gasped. He sucked harder; she moaned on him. This was driving Matt wild. He was going to explode. Megan could feel him throbbing but didn't want the fun to be over yet. She pulled her mouth off him. 

"Yes, Matt, fuck me with your tongue," she moaned.

Matt stiffened his tongue. Megan slowly stroked him. She felt his tongue pressing into her wet slit. 

"Shit," she gasped as it entered her.

Megan tasted so sweet. He wanted to taste more, to make her orgasm. He moved his head faster, his tongue thrusting faster in and out of his wife's hot sweet pussy. Megan moaned. She wanted Matt to keep going; his tongue felt amazing inside her. But she also wanted his hard throbbing cock inside her as well. She moved off of Matt and lay down next to him.

"Fuck me how I like it," she said. 

Megan spread her legs wide for her husband. She watched him as he moved to her, his eyes filled with lust for her. She watched his throbbing cock; it made her even wetter. She lay there, ready to receive her husband. Matt pressed against her opening.

"Yes!" Megan gasped as Matt slid into her.

"Oh, fuck!" Matt moaned as he entered her.

Her pussy was warm, very tight, and very wet. He thrust slowly into her, eliciting a moan. Megan arched her back slightly. He slid all the way into her. Slow and deep. They could both feel themselves building.

"Harder," Megan said.

Matt thrust harder now, his balls slapping against his wife.

"Oh, yes, I love that," Megan said. "Don't stop!"

Matt held her legs up in the air and began to pound his wife hard and fast. His cock slammed into her tight hole, hitting her wall. She's never had a fucking like this before. It felt amazing. She was nearing orgasm.

"Fuck me, Matt!" she screamed. "Fuck my tight pussy!"

"Yeah, you want my hot load?" Matt groaned.

He could feel his cock swelling. Megan felt him getting harder, throbbing deep inside of her. 

"Yes," Megan moaned. "Give me your cum. Put your hot seed in me."

Matt fucked her as hard and fast as she could. Megan could no longer restrain. She let herself go. 

"I'm cumming!" she screamed.

Matt felt her contracting around his cock, her juices soaking his throbbing cock. He lost it. Megan heard her husband's groans of pleasure as she felt him explode inside her, his manhood shooting hot thick semen deep inside her. It took a minute for him to subside. He pulled out, his erect cock covered in their love juices. Matt collapsed next to his wife, out of breath but very satisfied. 

"Fuck, that was amazing," he said, gasping for air.

"Yeah," Megan said, also trying to catch her breath. "One of my most intense orgasms, I think."

"What do you want to do for dinner?" Matt asked.

"Room service," Megan said. "I'm too tired and too sensitive to walk anywhere."