 Tyler was sitting up in his room with his friend Xander. Xander was smoking a doob, while Tyler was staring at the ceiling sitting at his desk chair with his earbuds in. 

Xander sucked in greedily while he let acrid smoke poured out of his mouth. "Dude, this is fuckin' gay. Can't you find something else for us to do?" 

Tyler looked at his skinny friend with contempt, taking the earbuds out. "Maybe stop smokin' that shit and your brain will think of something." 

Xander blew smoke out of the side of his mouth. "Let's go fuckin' talk to that hot piece of ass renting the place downstairs." 

Tyler pointed at his friend. "Dude, cut that shit out. My parents are already talking about throwing me out as it is." 

Xander cackled like a hyena. "Shouldn't have fuckin' dropped out of college, bro. Ass." 

Tyler threw his phone on the desk. "Like, what did you have in mind?" 

Xander and Tyler made their way down to the back of the house. The concrete retaining wall allowed them to peer over the curtains drawn at all of the windows. Xander was able to lean over and place his hands flat on the house's siding. He peered over and peeked through the curtains. 

"Do you see anything?" asked Tyler. 

Xander wheezed and did a few small hops. "Holy fuck, bro!" he exclaimed. 

On the inside of the apartment, a curvy woman was dancing around in nothing but a pair of red panties. She had a few splatters of paint on her leg from painting her bathroom. The gyrations from her hips were hypnotic, not to mention her amazing breasts were shiny from the hard work she was doing. She walked over and took a long drink from her water bottle, then resumed her dancing. 

"What did you say her name was again?" asked Xander. 

"It's Gina, and we're gonna get in shit if we get caught doing this," cautioned Tyler. 

Gina danced over to the coffee table and picked up her phone, scrolling on the screen. She got an excited look on her face as she walked over to the bedroom, still looking at her phone. 

"Shit," muttered Xander, as he push-crawled along the retaining wall to move towards the bedroom window. He peered over the curtain. "Oh, fuck yeah," he said. 

Tyler stood down on the concrete foundation and watched his friend. "Dude, this is so stupid. We're gonna get caught." 

"Shut the fuck u-u-u-up," sang Xander as he continued to ogle Gina. 

Gina looked at her phone for a few more minutes, then started to reach down and fiddle with her privates. 

Xander gasped. "No fuckin' way!" 

Gina went over to her bedside dresser and pulled out a red dildo with a suction cup on the end. She began to suck on the toy, then licked the suction cup and slammed it down on the chest at the end of her bed. Sticking her thumbs in the straps, she pulled off her panties. She positioned her butt above the dildo, then sat down. Gina winced as she let the dildo push into her, then started to bob up and down while she looked at her phone. 

Xander was losing his mind. "This chick is a fuckin' fuh-reak!" He looked away from the window to talk to Tyler. "You gotta hook me up with this bitch." 

Tyler gave him a look of disbelief. "You think she would seriously go out with you?" 

Xander went back to the window crack. "Who said go out? I'm thinkin' give her the fuckin' donkey dick." 

Gina continued to ride her dildo as she looked at her phone. She was reading a letter from Bings, who was describing a new woman he had found and was ravaging. Gina loved that Bings was getting laid on the regular. It had been a couple of months since they had their encounter, and she never forgot his lesson about coming out ahead. She had a lot of great memories of Australia thanks to him. 

Gina rubbed at her breast with one hand while she fiddled herself down below with the other. She pushed her toes back as she leaned over the bed, getting a good rhythm going. 

Xander was starting to work up a sweat. "This cunt's a fuckin' firecracker!" Suddenly he misjudged the width of the wall as he stepped back. Xander waved his arms in futility as he toppled over the concrete wall. Tyler rushed to grab his friend but was too late. Xander crashed over the side and rolled down the hill into the bushes. 

Tyler scrambled over the wall and scooted down the slope. Xander was lying on his back, looking terrified. 

"Dude!" he whined. Xander's thin shorts were caught up in a tangle of thorns. "It really fuckin' hurts, man! They're all in my fuckin' dick!" 

Tyler looked it over. Several strands of thorny branches were caught up in Xander's crotch. Xander appeared on the edge of tears. Tyler reached for the branches, only to be stabbed in the hands in several places. "Fuck!" he exclaimed. "I'll go and get some gloves or something." 

"No, man! Don't leave me here!" Xander shrieked. "Maybe...if I take the shorts off." 

Without thinking, Tyler grabbed the shorts at the leg holes and yanked. Xander let out a scream as the shorts came off, leaving huge scratches along Xander's legs. Tyler looked closer and saw the redness forming on Xander's underwear. 

"Oh, fuck, dude," said Tyler. 

Gina had finished up, putting her toy back in its hiding place. It would be a while before the paint dried in the bathroom. She grabbed a towel and laid it out on the couch, then sat down on it and let the oscillating fan cool her off. She let her legs spread out a bit as she tried to wipe away the perspiration from her body. 

As she got some tissues from the coffee table, she noticed a new e-mail came in on her personal account. Gina scrolled it up to find a message from her boss, Bill. He mentioned something about Saint Kitts and Nevis and that they would talk about it on Monday. Gina was a bit distracted as she heard yelling coming from the back. She crept over to the curtains, careful not to expose herself, and peeked through. All she saw was the boy from upstairs and a boy she did not recognize, holding his bloody underwear and complaining that Tyler had pulled too hard. 

The next morning, Gina got the full rundown of what was expected of her. Bill explained that the CEO of the company would be taking invitation from the company for setting up a new secure server at his private resort. On the recommendation of some of the office managers across the country, Gina and two other IT professionals were selected for the task. 

Gina felt as if she had won a contest. She had heard about Gideon Drake's lavish mansion, but he had been secretive about letting anyone take photos. He even went to the trouble of confiscating phones in order to preserve privacy. 

"Now I have to insist on you being on your best behaviour, Gina," cautioned Bill, as he sat at his desk. "Our dear employer is a little on the eccentric side." 

"Have you ever met him?" asked Gina. 

Bill tensed his neck muscles. "Uh, yeah. Trust me when I say that he is a bit out there. But, he signs my paycheque. Anyway, the server equipment is being shipped along and will probably get there by the time you arrive. You're going to be working with two other personnel from the other offices of Wilson-Rowntree. The...uh..." Bill leaned back to look at his computer and clicked his mouse. "Geoff Weshaw and Cindy Beaufort. I think Mr. Drake is doing this as more of a team-building exercise, but he figured we might as well get some people who were familiar with how our security systems work." 

Gina shrugged. "You know me, Bill. I'm just happy to get out of the office once in a while." 

Bill chuckled. "I know I can trust you, Gina." As Gina turned to go, Bill cautioned, "One more thing. Mr. Drake likes to have his guests enjoy themselves, so be prepared to get a good treatment while you're down there." 

Gina smiled. "Now it's a real job!" 

After a couple of connecting flights, Gina was touching down in Bradshaw International Airport. She grabbed her luggage, then went to the pickup area where an older fellow was holding a sign with her name and the other two IT employees. 

Eventually Geoff showed up, a lanky man with greying hair and large glasses. Gina shook hands with him and they made small talk waiting for Cindy. Cindy then rolled her suitcase over with a disgusted look on her face. She was a fair-skinned blonde with a bony butt and a bird nose. 

Cindy marched up to the driver, looking as if she already had enough of the island. "Let's get going then," she hissed at the driver. 

Gina and Geoff sat in the back of the SUV while Cindy got to ride up front. Geoff seemed like a much nicer person to work with, as they chatted about the offices they worked in. Geoff was from the Tulsa office, and seemed used to the heat. Cindy was out from Minneapolis, only appearing annoyed that she had to even be there. 

Gina was blown away when they arrived at the estate. The house looked like a cross between the White House and the Hermitage. There was a tremendous amount of fresh-cut grass, only punctuated by little oases of natural flora along the margins. 

The driver pulled them up to the very front, where two valets were standing at the ready. Gina locked onto one of them. He was over six feet tall, and his skin was just about as dark as she had ever seen on anyone. He had a lean build but muscular arms. 

The valets hurried to get the luggage out of the SUV. Gina loved the way they wore their little uniforms with the shorts and the white socks. She watched as the one she liked hustled up the stairs and through the front door. 

Cindy let out a huffy sigh. "Can you believe we're stuck here with these people?" 

Gina gave her a good stare. "I beg your pardon?" 

"You know what I mean," Cindy replied. Without clarifying, she went up into the house. Gina followed after. 

A black woman in a lovely business outfit and high heels was waiting for them in the main foyer. Gina was gawking around at the interior, with the incredibly high ceilings and the stairwells that appeared to go on forever. "If you will come this way, please," instructed the woman. She had long yellow braids that would whip around whenever she turned her head. The three IT personnel followed her down the hallway to a room under the stairs. 

"Mr. Drake was expecting you to arrive, but he will be unable to join us," said the woman. Gina marvelled at the woman's British accent. She carried a tablet, and appeared able to type as she walked. She was tapping away at some sort of graphics program. "My name is Portia. I am Mr. Drake's personal assistant. This is one of his five homes and it's probably his favourite. He will be joining us later in the week. I assume you all have your assignment." 

Gina raised her hand. "Did the equipment arrive?" 

Portia nodded. "There's an entire room dedicated to the personal servers. You will find the equipment is in the hall." She tapped a few times and showed the IT personnel a map of the mansion. "You will find the room here. If you ever get lost in this house, and it's a real possibility, you will find these tablets in the walls. You can use the app for finding your way around." She put the tablet behind her back with both hands. "Any questions?" 

"I'd rather just get to work," grumbled Cindy. 

Portia led them down to the sever room. Gideon Drake must have been moving an incredible amount of data through his own home. Many of the parts were in Pelican cases, and there was enough extra cable to stretch across the entire island. 

Gina decided to take charge. "Geoff, can you please get the items list and start doing inventory? Cindy, why don't you help me with the server software? We can use my laptop." 

Cindy was at least adept with IT work, which made things run better for testing. Geoff had confirmed that all of the equipment had arrived, and had started work with troubleshooting the interfaces. 

After a few hours, everyone was getting hungry. Portia came to collect them and bring them up to the outdoors dining area. It looked like they had a banquet made up for them, with the main tables laid out with warming trays and large serving trays of just about everything imaginable. Gina helped herself to a lot of the fresh seafood and enough fruit to make it look as if she cared just a little bit about her weight. A few of the other staff were serving, including her crush in the cute uniform. 

Portia leaned in on Gina. "You like the tall, lean one, yes?" Gina nodded and arched up her eyebrows. "That one is Basil. I'll make some arrangements for you and he to tour the island." Gina nodded her thanks as Portia went off to talk to some of the other staff. 

Deciding to take matters into her own hands, Gina walked over to Basil. "Hey," she said. "Portia told me you would be willing to show me around." 

Basil smiled. "Oh, yes," he said, also having a nice British-sounding accent. "I'm Basil, and I can make some arrangements. Mr. Drake is very generous with the amenities." Portia called him over. "Excuse me," said Basil. 

After the people got their fill of food, Gina went up to one of the spare bedrooms and got herself settled in. She knew it was going to be some time before she got back to the United States. Luckily the bedroom she was given would suit her just fine. She had never seen such a large bed, and it was completely covered in pillows. She had ax extra-large bathroom at her disposal, with a whirlpool tub in the corner. Even the toilet looked extravagant. 

Gina got stripped down naked, then filled the tub up. She got in, letting the warm water soothe her. There was a rubber mat she was able to stretch out on. The sun was going down, and the temperature of the house was dropping. 

Gina had her eyes closed as she leaned back, when she suddenly opened her eyes and looked at the control panel mounted on the wall. She experimented with a few of the buttons before the jets turned on. Gina exhaled as she slid down into the water. She then noticed a button with what appeared to be vibrations coming from a flat surface. Gina decided to try it out. 

She nearly fainted at the tingling sensation coming from the mat she was lying on. It felt as if a thousand fingertips were massaging every part of her back and butt. "Ohhhhh, my God," she groaned. She threw her legs up over the edge of the tub, then lifted her arms up to rest her elbows on the sides. 

She suddenly got a picture of Basil in her mind. She wanted to stroke that long dick of his so badly. She reached down and started to fiddle with herself. Gina let the jets work at this speed, afraid that if she touched the wrong button that it would stop this perfect blend of stimulation. 

Gina lifted her butt up and stroked her labia as the jets continued to massage her every muscle. She was moaning away at top volume now, but she figured the mansion had to have pretty sturdy walls. She was humping her ass up and down, fingering at herself with desperation. Eventually she felt the waves hitting her, all the while the massaging pad making her feel so relaxed. Gina let herself splash down in the tub, gripping at the edges of the tub. She banged on the panel with her palm until the bubble jets and and the massaging pad ceased. 

Gina put her palm up to her forehead. "You're gonna have trouble competing with that, Basil," she said, laughing. She pinched her nose and dunked her head under the water, then popped up and shook her curly black hair, letting out a whoop of excitement. 

The next morning, Gina was seated in the dining area with Geoff and Cindy. Basil and the other valet, Augustus, were serving them breakfast. Basil was paying extra attention to Gina, and she was loving the experience. 

Augustus served Cindy a plate. Cindy was grumbling as usual while she ate her breakfast. "These eggs are rubbery." 

Gina sipped her coffee. "I bet the tip of his dick is, too. Maybe if he put that in your mouth, you would complain less." Cindy gave her an icy glare. 

The three of them got to work right after breakfast. Geoff was being very helpful, and despite Cindy's abrasive personality she was actually quite knowledgeable. They were able to get the first rack set up. Geoff was able to get the PHP working, while Cindy insisted that it should be done in Ruby. Gina stood firm and told her to shut up. 

At lunchtime, Gina snuck away and tried to find Basil. She tracked him down at the garden house. 

"Why did you come here? All the good food is up at the house," said Basil. 

Gina unwrapped a couple of sandwiches and some San Pellegrino. "I snuck it out for you. Come on. You have to wait on us hand and foot." Basil took the sandwiches and started to gobble them down. 

"How did you get this job?" asked Gina. 

"Mr. Drake was nice enough to offer it to me when he saw me working on the beach," Basil said between bites of his baguette. "I was in the army once, but that did not last long. Then I started fishing. It was okay, but getting to work with Mr. Drake is a good opportunity. Portia has been very kind to me as well." 

Gina pushed her hair behind her ear. "Oh, so you and Portia..." 

Basil laughed so hard that he nearly choked on his sandwich. "No! No! It is not like that. She is very sophisticated. I am not like that at all. I am just a simple man." 

Gina placed a hand on his bare leg. He felt like a smooth piece of oak. "Hey, don't be so hard on yourself. You sound like a sweet guy." Gina took her hand away once she realized that Basil was getting a semi in his short white pants. She instantly started to feel flush. 

Basil looked her in the eyes. "You are a very nice lady," he said. "Usually Mr. Drake's guests pay very little attention to me. Most are very nice. They just don't notice us as workers like they would with Portia." 

Gina nodded. "Yeah, that Portia is a beautiful lady." Her right eyebrow started to twitch as she leaned in close to Basil's face. "I'd like to get to know you better while I'm here." 

"Well," said Basil, licking his lips. "We can do a cookout on the island tonight." 

"We're on the island, silly!" said Gina. 

"No, it's a special island about ten kilometres out from here," said Basil. "We use the pontoon boat to get out there. Totally free of people. What do you think?" 

"Okay," said Gina. "We'll go out tonight." 

After more work on the servers all afternoon, Gina went to her room and got herself packed. She was unsure exactly what Basil had in mind out at that island. She put on her black two-piece underneath her cutoff jean shorts and midriff pink blouse. She also picked out her cork platforms to give her butt a bit of a lift. 

Basil was waiting down by the dock, untying the ropes for the motor pontoon. Gina climbed aboard with Basil's help and sat down on one of the seats. Basil pulled the motor starter and they were off. 

What Basil failed to mention was just how cold it would be zipping along the ocean. Gina was squinting and holding herself. 

"Hey!" shouted Basil. "Are you cold?" 

Gina could only nod. Basil gestured for her to get closer as he pulled out a blanket from his bag. He threw it around Gina, then got her closer on his seat by the motor. Gina relented and let her hands hold Basil's torso. She rested her head on his shoulder and tried to stay warm. 

They arrived on the smaller island after about fifteen minutes. Gina got up and shook off some of the moisture. Basil got her out of the boat, then dragged the craft up onto the sandy beach. Gina had her shoes off, and let her toes crunch up in the sand. It felt more like tiny beads, likely the crushed remains of marine skeletons. 

Basil ran up to Gina. "Are you still cold?" Gina nodded. They could barely see each other in the light mounted on the boat. Basil ran to the boat, then lifted out a cloth bag. "Firewood," he announced. He then pulled out a large spear with a hook at the end. 

Basil set to work setting up a fire, getting it going in a matter of a few minutes. He then pulled out his flashlight and shone it into the sea, carrying the spear. After a few throws, Basil had pulled something out of the drink. He walked over to Gina with it and showed Gina. It looked like a lobster to Gina, only it was spotted and had tiny little pincers. 
