 I have been talking to my friend Edward for the past few months. We have been having cyber sex online for awhile now. We have had some very hot and exciting conversations. We have traded pictures back and forth, and have decided that we will finally meet.

We plan to meet at a Japanese restaurant. I am very excited, and want to look my best. I decide to wear a red dress. The dress is very tight and accentuates my curves. I am wearing red pumps to match my dress. We have agreed to meet at the restaurant.

I arrive at the Japanese restaurant. Edward is waiting by the Koi pond. The Koi pond is filled with the most amazing and beautiful fish. I approach Edward and give him a hug. Edward looks exactly like his picture. I am quite relieved, as you really are never sure who you are chatting with online.

We walk into the restaurant, and the hostess takes us to our table. The ambiance is wonderful. There is soft music playing. There are beautiful pictures of Japanese women hung on the walls. There are elaborate fans hung over doorways. Beautiful statues all around the restaurant. There are also lacquer standing vases, with freshly cut flowers all placed around the restaurant.

The waiter takes our drink order. Edward gets a beer and I get a mixed drink. We start to talk, and it is exciting to finally be in front of each other. We have been talking for months, but always behind the presence of a computer.

We kiss, lips barely touching. Edward's tongue, licks the top of my lip gently. As we look over the menu, Edward's right hand finds my left knee, and gently rubs the inside. I don't say a thing or push Edward away. Edward's fingers are moving in circles, traveling further up my thigh. My breath quickens, my nipples become evident through my dress.

I never take my eyes off the menu. Edward starts to feel the moistening of my pussy through my panties. I open my thighs invitingly, as his middle finger strokes my swollen lips through the thin fabric. Edward's erection is building up his leg, and I can feel his hardness through his pants. I start to unzip his pants, and he pushes my hand away and says, "Not yet."

The waiter returns to take our order. Edward's hand never leaves my thigh. We tell the waiter what we would like for dinner. As the waiter leaves, Edward tells me to go to the ladies room, take off my now soaked panties, and hand them to him back at the table. I do it without question. As I come back to the table, Edward opens my hands and takes my soaked sexy thong. Edward lays my panties on the table as the waiter brings our food out. The waiter sees the panties and smiles.

We start eating, barely saying a word. Edward's fingers are between my legs again. Edward's middle and ring fingers open my wet lips and slide inside of me. My pussy is so wet. I softly moan as Edward is fingering me and rubbing my clitoris. My eyes are closed, and I spread my legs wider as Edward works on my swollen pussy.

I then unzip Edward's pants. I take out his rock hard cock, and start to stroke it. Edward's cock is so hard. I start to rub him from his base to his head. Edward's cum is oozing off his cock. I rub my fingers across Edward's cock, and bring it to my lips. We both want each other so much.

The waiter comes by to clean the table, and asks us if we want dessert. Edward tells the waiter that I am dessert, and motions towards the still wet panties on the table. We leave them there as he pays the bill.

Edward booked a room at a nearby hotel. We start kissing very deep and passionately. Our tongues are dancing in each others mouths. We help each other undress. Edward unzips my dress and the dress falls to the floor. He unhooks and removes my bra. I unbutton his shirt and take it off. I unzip Edward's pants, and remove his boxers.

Our bodies are pressed against each other. Edward's hands are all over me, massaging and caressing my breasts. He starts to pull my nipples, pinching them, flicking them, twirling them, and biting them. I start to moan and feel like butter in his arms.

I drop to my knees and start to play with his hard cock. Edward is eight inches long, and very thick. His balls are shaven. I start to lick and suck his balls. I begin to slap Edward's cock across my face, hitting my nose and chin. He seems to like that, and starts to moan.

I then start to trace the outline of his cock with my tongue. First licking upwards to the head, and then licking down his shaft. I slip a finger inside Edward's asshole, and I bring his cock closer to my mouth. My lips are loosely around his thick cock. I glide Edward's cock inch by inch down my throat. My cheeks are bulging, and spit oozes down the corners of my mouth. I am taking him deeper and deeper down my throat. His cock is now hitting my tonsils. I am now pressed against his stomach, swallowing his very hard cock. I am fondling his balls as I am blowing him.

I push Edward onto the bed, and I straddle him. I guide his cock into my dripping pussy. I am rocking over his very hard cock, moving my hips and ass, as I am bouncing over his cock. Edward's hands are on my waist. I am moving my body faster and faster over his hard cock. My hands are pressed against Edward's chest. He is rubbing my breasts, and holding my back as we are fucking.

I then go back, and start to suck Edward's cock, taking him deeper and deeper into my mouth. I then sit reverse cowgirl on his cock, which is pounding into my sweet pussy. My legs are straddling him as I bounce up and down over his cock. I am rubbing my clitoris, as I fuck Edward. His hands are on my waist, and he is moving my ass up and down, as we continue to fuck. His cock is drilling into my pussy. I am moaning and screaming.

I go into my purse and take out some lube. Edward rubs it all over my ass, and his cock. He slowly puts his cock into my very tight asshole. It feels so tight going in. Once it is in, it feels amazing. Edward is fucking me really fast, and I am moaning. I am rubbing my clitoris, and insert three fingers into my very wet pussy. I am fucking my pussy with my hand, as Edward is fucking my ass. The thrusts are very deep and very hard. We are both moaning, as he is fucking me harder and faster. Edward starts to spank my ass, and the slaps sting a little but it feels amazing.

Edward tells me he is going to cum, and I get back on my knees, and start to suck his very hard cock again. I feel his cock twitching in my mouth. He releases all his hot and salty cum down my throat. Edward's cum tastes amazing. His legs are shaking, and I am draining his cock of all the remaining cum.

Edward then runs to the refrigerator, and gets some boxes. He lays me down and spreads my thighs. Edward takes a ripe strawberry from the box, and slides it into my pussy. Coating it with my juices, he pulls the strawberry out and feeds it to me. Then he puts another strawberry inside of me, and he eats it. Edward slides between me, and hungrily eats my delicious and oozing pussy. I taste of strawberry, and my pussy juices are delicious.

We just lay in the bed kissing deep, and passionately. We are cuddling and our bodies are pressed together. We had an absolutely wonderful night. We know we will be seeing each other again. We fall asleep in each others arms, and drift off to sleep.