 In the earlier installments our perverted couple have manipulated a happily married woman into having kinky sex with them once again. Jean is revisiting their hometown with her husband, Dan, who has already been involved in one of their depraved games. Now they have set him up for some big surprises today, his forty-fifth birthday...

*****

My alarm clock did its unpleasant job at 8:30 the next morning. Not too early, really, even considering what we'd got up to the night before, and better than the day before's early start. The things we sheltered people do for love! I did (kinda) appreciate that Anastasia wasn't providing my preferred wake-up alternative because this was a day that might need a little something left in the bank.

I peed, jumped in the shower, and was done by 8:45. That was the time that we'd instructed Jean to wake up in the room next door. I imagined her waking up with that vacation hotel "Where am I?" feeling and I smiled to think that her very next thought might be: "Oh God! What the fuck did I get myself into?"

Hopefully her third thought was to expect and prepare for the arrival of the surprise room-service breakfast that she had supposedly ordered to kick off the celebration of her husband's 45th birthday.

In reality in (our very twisted reality, I'll grant you) it was me that ordered this breakfast and, for a second, I realized that I had no idea if they might be Jewish or Muslim and that the emphasis on bacon in my hurried selection might be something rather difficult for Jean to explain.

But, I rationalized, "Tomlinson" was probably more likely to be a pig-eating last name. And, if Jean's maiden name was happened to be Cohen, then she should just suck it up and tell Dan she was trying bacon in solidarity for His Big Day. Somehow I'd ended up with the birthday boy's cum in my mouth just a few hours before so my sympathy was minimal.

Nor did I feel guilty for all these sectarian thoughts - I had so many worse ones in other categories.

And, anyway, my respect was growing for Jean's intelligence and ability to improvise. That's probably a large part of what attracted us to her. Her three-part instructions from us were already underway. If she was still following Task 1 then she'd resisted any sexual relations with Dan and awoke with the remote-controlled bullet vibrator inside her. Nastya had done her damned best to ensure that Dan was unlikely to have pushed for the first and Jean was already wearing the bullet when she'd left us the evening before.

I pottered around until 9:50 which I felt was a suitable time in her schedule to send her some Good Morning Vibrations. I retrieved the remote marked "J" and set it to a neighborly level five. To that I added a "crescendo" pattern that made the vibrations start out low, build, peak, pause, and repeat. Why should Dan have all the fun?

Her second task was to begin with the arrival of the food and it was pretty simple: wear something revealing to answer the door, send us a pic of the result if she could, feed breakfast to the condemned man, and have him in the shower by 9:30 with promises of more exciting surprises to come. I could have instructed her what to wear for the arrival of the food but it was almost more fun to leave it up to her. And I hoped the vibrations might help. Best maybe to kick it up to a birthday-worthy level seven, I thought, and hit the appropriate buttons.

Nastya was still fast asleep in the big king-sized bed and there was no hurry to waken her just yet. By 8:59 I had opened our side of the door that connected their room to ours and had my ear pressed against theirs in case I could hear our diabolical plan working out live.

Barely late at all (I should have ordered for 9:05, I reflected, just to add some tension to poor Jean's situation), at 09:02, I clearly heard a knock on her door. After a moment I heard the sounds and muffled voices of a typical room-service arriva. Interestingly the sounds and voices grew much clearer for a moment before fading away and ending with a door closing noise. I surmised that breakfast had been set up near the connecting door which actually made sense given the similar layout of our room.

I heard Jean's voice:

"Dan, Dan... wake up... birthday...

Over the next few minutes I used the various noises to put together a scenario where Dan was awoken and pulled out of bed by both bacon and Jean and after short (pee?) interval they sat at the table and began their day. Now I could hear them quite clearly:

"So how was your night? How do you feel?"

"Well, um, it was fun. Yeah. Those people are... a lot of fun. I don't feel too bad, I wasn't too late... this bacon and coffee definitely help, thanks hun!"

So, not Jewish, Muslim, or Mormon, I thought, that's a relief.

By now it was 9:10 and, much as I wanted to hear how Dan explained what he'd gotten up to the previous night, I had people to wake and diabolic plans to direct.

I wasted, no, certainly not, I spent several scarce seconds staring at the beautiful angel that was tangled naked in sheet on our bed before gently waking her. As always, Anastasia work easily and attacked her day with an envious enthusiasm. And, as my perverted equal, today was one that anyone should be enthusiastic about.

Nastya jumped out of bed and headed for the bathroom to "freshen up".

I pulled the duvet and sheets off the bed, threw them on the floor and went about attaching the "Under Bed Restraint System". It was a pretty easy process after my two previous practice runs and I hope Intelligent Jean would be able to do hers (we'd given her an exact copy) on her first attempt and under pressure. Luckily in beds in The Grand, with its elderly unlevel floors, had adjustable legs rather than a solid base. The restraint was like a bed-sized cargo net (yes we'd bought "king") with extensions in each corner that ended in plastic carabiner clips. On the surface were a variety of restraint attachments with velcro closures for four limbs, one neck, and a torso. All I had to do was to spread out the netting on the bed, thread each extension under a bed leg, pull it back to the netting and secure the clip.

Nastya emerged from the bathroom naked but with her preparations done so efficiently. We'd given her disguise a lot of thought but it only had to hold out for a few seconds, albeit seconds that might be burned in Dan's mind for a lifetime, and in the end we'd come up with something clever but simple. Nastya long blonde hair was (girl-magically) hidden under a convincing, bob-style wig. Even after close inspection my male but hair-appreciating eyes would have bet a considerable amount that this was natural brunette hair dyed an attractive red (plum?). The supporting cast were a pair of fashionable glasses (fake lenses since Nastya's eyesight was as perfect as the rest of her), a large fake flower tattoo that stretched from the top of her shoulder to the top of her breast, and a single fake nipple ring that was impossible, temporarily, to distinguish from one that required a piercing.

She looked amazing and my cock stirred immediately at the sight. Patience boy, patience!

She'd already laid out her outfit and she began to get dressed. No panties, no socks, an unremarkable black skirt, sneakers, and (procured with great risk and difficulty) a "The Grand Hotel Housekeeping" smock complete with a reasonable facsimile of the standard hotel name badge: "Julia - Russia" (procured hastily at ridiculous expense for being a wierd-to-request one-off).

My observations had concluded that most of her "co-workers" wore something light or a sports bra under their smocks but Nastya was topless and, buttoned up (actually pop-studded up) to a respectable height, her smallish tits didn't make it look obvious. It was 9:25.

This wasn't by far the most complicated operation that Anastasia and I had pulled off together so our efficiency was second nature. Nastya checked off the items on the credenza and placed them in the pre-planed pocket of her outfit: her smartphone, a keycard for 1422 (don't ask how), and our own keycard just in case.

I could smell her perfume which she'd applied a little liberally in the bathroom. I knew it was "Beyond Paradise" by Estee Lauder because I'd bought it for this very occasion and I'd chosen it for the following reasons: it was strong, it was nothing like the scents she occasionally wore in real life. Plus, one of its Amazon reviews seemed to have targeted her specifically: "It's a little tropical wetness, some exotic blooms and it's got some woody notes too."

And, even dressed as a housekeeper my little wetness girl was definitely causing me some interesting woody notes for sure. 9:30.

I grabbed my robe, my only prop in my pocket was the connecting door key, and we waited. 9:32, 9:33, 9:34, ping! A text message arrived on the burner phone (still labeled "Julie & Joe for Jean" although we'd given up on the fake names as a trust-builder some time ago).

The message was sweet and simple: "D in shower". Then as I read that: "ping... ping... ping..." and three photos appeared. I didn't have time to open and study them (later, later) but I glanced at the thumbnails. The first showed a young, black, room-service-y, blurred person with a cart, the second was a mirror selfie of Jean from the waist up, wearing the pretty camisole we'd given her, and showing off her big tits and fairly obvious nipples, and the third was a closeup of her matching panties that hid little of her vagina and displayed a reasonably noticeable camel toe. 

What a good girl Jean was but now, to work!

My reply was already written and I sent it immediately: "Get out the net and the blindfold, put them on the bed, stand by the connecting door"

I hoped she knew what and where the connecting door was but she was a smart girl.

Giving her sixty a measured seconds after sending the message was no hardship - as per the plan Nastya opened my robe and sank to her knees, using her hand and mouth to efficiently bring me from semi-hard to "boner!".

I then opened the door to Dan and Jean's room and there was Jean, in her selfie outfit, with a look of apprehension and anticipation on her pretty face which turned to surprise when red-headed Nastya the housekeeper stepped in, took her by the hand, and guided towards our bed. I quiety closed the door behind us and joined them. Nastya pulled the two of us together and proceed to forcefully kiss and grope us for want of a better word. It took but a moment before this beautiful, sexual being had us fully primed. She then knelt and pulled down Jean's panties, stuck her fingers in the wet pussy, searched around, and pulled out the still-vibrating bullet by its wire antenna. It wasn't part of the plan but she couldn't help herself from holding it to her nose and sucking on it obscenely before tossing it aside to buzz uselessly somewhere on our big bed.

Nastya then took Jean's arm and guided her onto all fours on the bed. With her pretty ass so perfectly positioned for me I just stroked myself a couple of times and entered her. This woman was made for doggy style, I thought to myself, and blowjobs, and I began to stroke slowly and deeply inside her. Nastya came to the side of the bed and reached under to handle one of the big, swinging breasts and talk sexilly in Jean's ear.

"Good morning lover. Do you like my new look? Did you have a nice breakfast? How's this for dessert?" And stuck her tongue in her mouth.

"Ignore Raymond fucking you for a moment, I have a couple of questions for you..."

I did my selfless, for-the-team, stroking and Nasty continued:

"...would it bother a hot slut with a cock in her cunt and her husband a few feet away if I played around with him a little?"

"Uh, no, Anastasia." replied Jean.

"What if I fucked him, Jean?"

"No, that would be okay, I suppose. I'd be okay..."

"What if I told you I jerked him off already last night and had his dick in my hot mouth, Jean?"

"Oh, seriously, I can't believe..."

"You, the slut with a cock in her cunt and her husband next door, you find that hard to believe?"

"No, yes I mean... but he's a good..."

"Oh yes, Jean, he's a good, good boy, even his cum tastes good, right Uncle Ray?"

Neither Jean nor I had an answer for that one. Bitch.

"Okay, Jean, I'm going to fuck your husband, and then you're going to fuck your husband, then we're all going to fuck together later, okay?"

"I uh, what?"

We had to keep her off balance. I gave her one more hard thrust and then pulled out with an audible squishy plop. Nasty helped her to stand up and I pointed to the netting on the bed.

"Jean, this is the same restraint net that you have. It's very simple to use. Just lay it out on the bed and attache the four corners..."

I demonstrated how the nearest extension and carbineer worked, undoing it and making her reattach it then Nastya got up and in position on top of the netting. I spread her legs (gratuitously, I'll admit) and showed Jean how the velcro straps worked to immobilize a limb. These straps could be repositioned anywhere on the net but the way they came out of the box was perfectly adequate for our purposes. I gave Jean's ass a slap and made her secure Nastya nearest arm, torso, and waist.

The net was a pretty cool toy and I hoped we'd manage to keep it for our own play after the current operation concluded. In our experiments on me, brute force had failed to free any of the straps although, with my background, I knew a few tricks that would have had me completely free in twenty seconds or less. Still, I was pretty sure another random 45-year old would be in it for the duration until someone deemed otherwise.

I looked at the clock: 9:38. We'd got a lot done but Dan was in the shower for at least five minutes now and time was of the essence. I hoped he was taking his time but, for his sake, not jerking off while he thought back over last night's crazy activities. Nastya began to free herself (boo!) with her unsecured hand and I turned Jean to face me.

"Jean, go back next door and speak in to Dan. Tell him not to come out, you're preparing a surprise. Attach your net like I showed you. Take the blindfold into the bathroom, kinda hide it, I tell you what, put it in your panties next to your wet cunt..."

To help show where that was I grabbed her bare crotch, stuck a finger in her and went on:

"Get Dan out of the shower and maybe help him get dried. Pay extra attention to his good-boy-bits. When he's done, bring out the blindfold and put it over his eyes. Touch him or suck him or something to keep him distracted. Then, lead him out into the room and onto the bed, on top of the net. Keep him hard and distracted one way or another, maybe with these...

I removed my hands from her panties, stuck it under her camisole, and fondled her tit.

"Secure every strap, including the forehead one, and make sure they are tight. Get him all hot and bothered and then him you're going for a shower. Go to the bathroom, leave the door open and run the shower. Then come back and open this door quietly."

It was a lot of instructions but during planning we'd felt that they had a logical progression and, besides, Jean was smart. Nastya helped Jean back into her panties and we ushered her back into her own room. With their door almost closed we could still watch as she spoke into the bathroom to Dan, did a nice job installing the netting, and start back to the bathroom as she secreted the blindfold in her panties as suggested.

We closed the door fully and had nothing to do but wait. Remembering what she had done for me when I was up next, I raised her skirt and gently played with her pussy and massaged her breast through the smock.

By the time the door finally opened, probably only about five minutes later, Nastya had uncharacteristically pushed my hands away from her and we were standing beside it like two expectant fathers with a ballgame to catch.

"Done!" She whispered looking very proud of herself.

I whispered back: "Tell him you're going to have a nice long shower." and she ran with it:

"Oh honey, don't go anywhere, be a good boy and don't get too wrapped up in anything out there!" She ad libbed in a sultry voice.

We practically yanked her inside and closed both of the doors behind her for maximum noise insulation. Anastasia took out her phone, video-called me, and I answered from my laptop. The laptop was already hooked up to the room's large flatscreen and we both were on silent and on mute (no ringtone). The video feed filled both my screens. She disabled her "mute", I turned off my "silent" and checked that the TV volume was on low, the phone went back in her pocket and, my screen went dark. We were set.

Nastya left the room and I led Jean to the bed. Dumping my robe I spreadeagled naked exactly like Dan except unrestrained and lying sideways (so we could better watch the TV).

"Knock, knock, knock", came out of the speakers, a pause, "knock, knock, knock" again.

We heard Dan's muffled voice, perhaps via the hookup or perhaps through the wall:

"Busy!" Then plaintively: "Jean!"

But Jean wasn't there to save him and the door to 1422 opened and closed. The camera view sprang into life and floated into the room.

"Housekeeping! Anyone here, housekeeping... Oh! Oh! My goodness!"

The camera picture steadied. Nasty had placed it on their dresser, against the wall and half hidden by the TV, as practiced in our own room. The picture snapped into focus showing a naked and blindfolded Dan, strapped tightly to a bed, sporting a semi. Beside him was Julia, the redheaded housekeeper, her hand over her mouth in "shock" and sporting a heavy Russian accent:

"Oh, my goodness, what is the fuck? Are you alright Sir? Who did zis to you?"

"No, no, no-one... my wife... shower... no, please leave!"

"I no understand very well... can I help you... my goodness..." said Julia stepping up to the bed.

"Is zis maybe the sex game sir? I never see before..."

"Yes, yes, my wife is playing a game... she'll be back... soon... please..."

"You vife, she left you like this, so sexy position, she bad!"

Julia knelt right up on the bed and bent over Dan. She carefully raised the blindfold allowing him to minimum amount to see and then she re-restricted his vision with her chest as she reached to fuss with his furthest away wrist cuff and the leg-secured extension. She crawled around the bed like a crazy person and I'm sure he'd seen flashes of her bare tits and pussy before she was done.

"Goodness, my goodness, sir, I don't understand zis. How she leave you alone with zis?" She grabbed his now pretty deflated cock and shook it from side to side.

"Oh my, I haven't had zis in many months... my husband, he in Rossiya... he have big cock like zis one..."

I turned to stunned but exhilarated Jean: "Do to me what she does to him." I instructed simply and guided her hand to my significantly harder counterpart.

"Maybe I help with game? Maybe I pretend husband is here?"

"No! No! My wife... shower..."

"No shower sir, no time. I wife, you husband for a moment, da?" Nastya/Julia turned with her ass to Dan's view (hopefully not too restricted) view, smiled at the camera, and took his soft cock into her mouth.

Jean sat frozen until I spanked her ass. She remembered to mimic Nastya and assumed the position and began to suck me very capably. Kudos to Dan, when Julia stopped fellating him he was hard as could be. Me too! Without pausing she mounted him in reverse cowgirl and fucked him like he'd never been fucked. I knew this for sure because when Jean tried to do likewise it was awesome but not mother-fucking awesome as it always was with my twenty-two year old gymnast. After a minute or two of this, Julia dismounted, snapped open he smock entirely, and turned back to Dan. After pawing at her tits and squeezing her nipples (hopefully being careful of the one with the fake ring) she rubbed them back and forth across his face. Jean wasn't really keeping pace and was still impaled on my cock, half-turned and staring at the screen.
