 I have written a couple of short stories for the online publisher, Literotica. Several months after I started posting my stuff I received an e-mail feedback from a female reader. I think we hit it off and started chatting along with e-mails back and forth. We have even collaborated on a few stories and I know her as Lily.

It was around this time that my Uncle George was going to retire from his company after 55 years of service. Now over the years, Uncle George has been very good to me. He lent me the down payment money so I could buy my house and later lent me money to start my own business. Uncle's wife died about 12 years ago and he had a son, James, about 20 years younger than me and a daughter Viktoria about 15 years younger than me. It was Viktoria that called me and told me that there was a huge banquet scheduled and Uncle George was receiving a special award for his 55 years. I asked her if there was any way I could attend and could she get back to me with any details.

The banquet was scheduled for a Friday night and as it turned out it would be somewhere in the vicinity of where Lily lived. I told my wife about Uncle George's retirement and that we would have to fly in on a Thursday, do the banquet on Friday and fly back out on Saturday. My wife wanted no parts of all the traveling for a rubber chicken dinner and opted not to go. 

Although my plans were not set in stone I sent an e-mail to Lily telling her that I would be in town and asked if we could meet. She agreed and wanted to know where and when. I told her I would work out the details and get back to her. I told Viktoria that I had a friend living somewhere near the banquet was being held and that I would like some time to meet my friend. Viki got very curious and started asking a bunch of questions. Who is this friend, how did you meet, how long you have known each other and just all the details that a woman wants to know about. So basically all I told her was that we met on-line through a website known as Literotica and that we had collaborated on some stories. I could tell she had never heard of it so she stopped with all the questions. 

The next day I got a call from Viki. 

"You have been having virtual sex on line with that woman. Haven't you?" she asked. 

"Well kind of," was my reply "but not really. It's not like we are using webcams. We talk and if sex comes up she is very open to discuss it. 

"So what do you know about her," Viki pressed for an answer. 

"Only what she tells me, actually. And she only knows about me what I tell her," I replied, "She tells me that she is married, a mother of two and grandmother of four so she is probably a little younger than me. She and her husband have an open marriage and she is free to do as she wishes and that does include having sex with other men and women."

Now I have known for quite some time that Viki is a lesbian. Not bi-sexual but a lesbian and she is not in a relationship. So when I told her Lily was bisexual I know that peaked Viki's curiosity. 

"Look Viki, she sounds like a very nice person and this maybe the only time I get to meet her. Have you been able to find out if I can get into your father's banquet?" I asked.

"Yes you can but you are going to have to pay your own expenses, including the meal at the banquet," she told me. 

"That's fine," I replied, "I will never be able to repay Uncle George for all he has done for me over the years."

"Well maybe you could find him a date for his big night," she shot back. "He is allowed to bring one guest and immediate family."

"I'll have to think about that," my words came out slowly as I was forming thoughts on that weekend. 

The days of the banquet were drawing near and I was corresponding with Lily via e-mail to finalize the plans for Thursday, Friday and Saturday. I asked Lily if she would be willing to accompany Uncle George to his retirement as his guest. I could tell she was a little reluctant, after all she never met me face to face and knew even less about Uncle George. A plan started to form in my head about those three days. I would get to the hotel around 3 pm on Thursday afternoon and check in. If Lily wrote back and said she was not interested in being Uncle George's date on Friday, I would ask her out to dinner to a restaurant of her choice. If she decided to go along with this I would invite her to brunch on Friday so she could me Uncle George and still back out if she wanted. I booked a suite with 2 bedrooms for Thursday, Friday and late departure on Saturday. I figured the other bedroom would be for Viki and Lily and I could split some of the cost but give us room to spread out for those few days. I sent off an e-mail to Lily with the details. This is what I got for a reply:

Robert,

You are over thinking this thing. I will come to the hotel Thursday afternoon but you have to take me out for a very nice dinner. On Friday I will go to brunch with you and meet Uncle George, Viktoria and James. If George is as much of a teddy bear as you say I will be honored to go to his banquet with him as his guest. Put me up for a second night and I will leave for home on Saturday.

Lily

It was so simple if Lily was willing to stay both nights. I told Viki that Lily was considering being Uncle George's guest but she would not decide until after meeting him at brunch. Here is what I wrote to Lily:

Hi,

I booked a suite with 2 adjoining bedrooms. You will have to double up with my cousin Viktoria and she says she would be happy to have a roommate. So I guess I will see you Thursday afternoon.

Robert

This was Lily's reply:

Are you nuts? I am planning on sleeping in your room and your bed. Make the

arrangements in that way and I will see you Thursday afternoon. You will be buying me a nice dinner and brunch and we will see if you have to pay for my rubber chicken.

Lily

I thought I should tell Viki but just didn't want to listen to her crap so I waited for the big day. 

I arrived at the hotel a little after two and checked in. I told the clerk my wife, Lily Spencer, would be arriving a little later this afternoon and my cousin in the early evening and to give them both keys. The suite was on the seventh floor and what a view it had of the city. I flipped on the TV, unpacked and waited for Lily to arrive. The weird part is that I had never met her and had only seen a naked picture of her from the knees up and the neck down. Knowing she would get a key at the desk I was pretty sure the next person through the door would be her. 

Around 3:30 I heard the key lock click and in walked this beautiful woman. She had some dresses on a hanger slung over he shoulder and a small overnight bag. I moved toward her to help with her things and took inventory of what I knew of her. She was 5'7" as self described with auburn hair. While I was no expert on women's breast size they looked to be a 36C but the gum drop nipples poking through the blouse were a dead give away. I took her things and put them on the couch and then gave her a big hug and kiss. 

"You must be Lily?"

"And you must be Robert?

"I am finally glad to meet you," we said in unison.

Dressed in a white blouse, jeans, heels and a gold bracelet, I could not help but wonder how much more of her I would get to see over the next three days. We talked about things in general and I showed Lily around the suite. After showing her "our" bedroom and Viki's bedroom I thought it was time to tell Lily that Viki was a lesbian. 

"That's cool, said Lily, "maybe she and I can have some fun later."

"So what about dinner?" I asked, "Do I need to call for reservations?" 

"I already made them sweetie. All you have to do is bring your wallet. The place is only about a 10 minute drive from here so what would you like to do to kill some time?" Lily responded.

"I really need a shower before we go." As my thoughts became words, "Would you like to freshen up at all, not that you look like you need it."

"Why is it so dam hot in here?" she asked.

"I turned the temperature up in the room before you got here because you had said you liked to be naked," I told her.

She smiled and said," then let's start there." 

With that she unbuttoned her blouse exposing both of her breasts. Pulling the shirt tail out of het jeans she tossed it on the couch. Next she unbuttoned her jeans and pulled the zipper down. Lowering he jeans until they just dropped to the floor the only clothing items lefts we her black lace panties and heels. 

"What are you waiting for?" she laughed and I started to undress. 

The panties dropped to the floor and I went rock hard. I just about ripped off the rest of my clothes and then I lay on the couch face up. All I wanted was Lily to position her bald pussy just inches from my lips and face my feet to start. Then I reached up with my tongue and made it dance with her clit. Around and around my tongue traveled on her clit with some quick flickers to her pearl. My fingers found both her asshole and vagina to try and raise her level of pleasure. I penetrated her in both holes and worked her for an orgasm. She placed my shaft in her mouth but I told her that she had to cum first. All I wanted to do was to taste her juices and inhale her scent. In doing so it only added to the hardness of my shaft. Lily did not vocalize much and then I felt her body quiver. 

"Did you just cum?" I asked.

"Just a small orgasm," she replied. 

I looked at my watch and what felt like only minutes with her was well over an hour. We really needed to get ready for dinner and I needed a shower. Lily got up as did I and we both headed toward the bathroom. We both jumped in and she insisted I not get her hair wet. We soaped each others bodies and she paid special attention to my erect member.

It did not take long until my sperm went floating down the drain. We climbed out and toweled each other off and dressed for dinner. Lily took me to this elegant restaurant where we enjoyed a great meal and returned to the hotel. The room was still warm so we stripped naked and with the TV on only as background noise we fondled each others genitals. Not long after we had settled in, Viki made her entrance. 

I got up and showed her where her bedroom was as she eyed my cock and declared, "I don't want any of that you know."

"Come here there is someone I would like you to meet," as I took her by the hand to meet Lily. 

Lily was lying on her back across the couch. She sat up as I made the introductions. 

Viki eyed Lily's pussy and said, "I would very much like to meet that."

Lily spread her legs by putting one leg on the floor and replied, "Be my guest."

Viki stripped right there and it was the first time I had ever seen her nude body. Her pussy was shaved just like Lily but her tits were smaller. Viki extended her tongue and placed it on Lily's clit.

I stood up and said, "I will leave you two alone."

Lily stopped me by saying, "You are welcome to stay and watch." 

Viki was nodding her head in agreement but never lifted her tongue from Lily's twat. So I sat in one of the chairs to watch them. It was like an erotic marathon watching the two of them pleasure each other. At one point Lily got up and went into the bedroom only to return in a couple of minutes with some toys that she began inserting into Viki. Viki got a hold of one and returned the favor. I was getting tired but needed to relieve the pressure so I went to the bathroom to take matters into my own hands. When I returned to the room they were both still fully engaged. I went to bed naked with just the sheet to cover me. I drifted off to sleep until I felt a naked body join me. I recognized it as Lily's and went back to sleep.

In the morning I felt my cock stiffening between the cheeks of Lil's ass. Still sound asleep I tried not to disturb her as I made my way to the bathroom for my morning pee. Lily looked up at me and smiled. I asked her if Viki wore her out. 

Lily laughed and said, "I want to know what we are going to do until brunch."

She tossed off her sheet and made her way to the bathroom. I watched her ass disappear through the door. When she returned I led her into the living area. I positioned one of the chairs directly in facing the front window and opened up the drapes. 

"You and I are going to give the world a show until brunch," I said. 

I asked Lily to get on her knees and start with a blow job. She got a pillow in front of me and we turned profile. She took my semi erect penis in her mouth and started to pump me. After a few minutes I had Lily stand up and I sat in the chair. Lily eased her vagina onto my blade while both of my hands came up under her arms to fondle her tits. Lily ground down on my cock and we both looked outside to see if we had attracted any spectators. Into the room walked Viktoria in a short white terry robe.

"Don't you two have any shame?" she said while picking up the phone to call room service. "I am ordering coffee, tea and some croissants. Do you want anything else?"

Neither I nor Lily responded but continued to copulate. It looks as though we might have had one spectator in the hotel parking lot so I asked Lily to stand, bend at the waist and put her hands against the glass. The man in the parking lot lit a cigarette and sat on his car's hood to watch while I entered Lily from behind. We picked up one other observer while we continued to perform for the outside world. Things were building in our bodies rapidly. We changed positions again but did not leave the window. This time I asked Lily to lean forward again using the back of the chair for support. Once again I entered her pussy from behind but I wrapped one arm around her hip and searched for her clit. Once I found it I started to rub her quickly. I was getting close to an orgasm in her and I felt that she was close too. 

Then came the knock at the door and we heard, "Room Service."

Viktoria got up, opened the door and let the man into the room. He did not notice Lily and myself locked together at that point and Viki led him to where she wanted the tray put down. Once he put down the tray he scanned the room and saw the two of us fucking in front of the window. I lost it, let out a grunt and proceeded to pump sperm into Lily and at the same time I heard her yell out. I withdrew my cock and a flood of pussy juice sprayed onto the floor and Lily's knees buckled. The room service man turned bright red and quickly had Viki sign for the food and left the room. I took Lily by the hand and led her to the bed and asked her to lie down and spread her legs. I got my cell phone and took a picture of/my creampie in her. 

She got a little upset until I said, "No faces. Just a keepsake. Here look for yourself."

Once she was satisfied her identity was secure she started to smile. The three of us had some tea and coffee and something light to eat and we all laughed and told jokes about the room service guy. The clock was ticking and we all needed to shower and dress for brunch. We met at the hotel restaurant and we introduced Lily to Uncle George and James. The food was great and the conversation flowed, especially between George and Lily. 

Finally Lily turned to George and said, "So this is your big night? Do you have a date for tonight?"

Sheepishly George replied, "No".

"Well then. I am staying here in the hotel. Would you mind if I accompanied you on your big night?" Lily asked. 

Uncle George lit up like a firecracker, "Would you Lily? I would be so honored."

The date was set. We all returned to our rooms after brunch. On the way to our room Lily remarked how handsome James was with a sly smile. Viki was quite forward and talked about how long ago George's wife had died and this would be the first female companionship he had since her passing.

Lily said, "Robert you were right he is a big teddy bear. Viki, don't you worry I will be giving your Dad a night to remember."

"Well the banquet starts at 6 pm. So we have some free time until then," was my comment. "I think I will take advantage of the hotel's indoor pool." 

I changed into my suit and headed to the pool leaving Lily and Viki back in the room. I thought to myself about what might take place between those two since I left. There was no one in the pool and the water was bath water temperature. I dove in but the pool was not big enough to do laps so I just lounged in the water. A little while later James showed up at the pool in his suit and in a couple more minutes Lily showed up in hers. We all jumped in and started playing grab ass. Fooling around for sometime, Lily then took James' hand and led him over to the steps. With him standing and her sitting on the steps the water level came up to both their waists. I could feel something was starting up but decided to stay and watch. James' back was toward me but when I was able to see his butt crack I knew that Lily was lowering his trunks. I could not see Lily but it looked like James might be playing with her tits. In a few minutes her bikini top was lying at the side of the pool out of the water. I got out of the pool and sat in a lounge chair as their fun continued. 

I really could not tell exactly what was going on. I could see that James was totally naked and Lily's gorgeous tits were exposed. I could only imagine that her nipples looked like two gumdrops if James was playing with them. Walking down to the other end of the pool to get a better view, I pretended to need a towel. Coming up along side of them I could clearly see that Lily had moved her bottoms to the side and was rubbing his cock into her pussy lips but there was little movement between the two. When I retrieved a towel and started back the other way they had separated and I could see James' semen floating in the water and a smile on his face. Lily put her top back on and then we headed back to our room. 

We reached the room and realized the time for the banquet was growing close. Viki was already naked and heading for the shower. My cock stiffened as I dropped my trunks and let it swing free as I joined her. Lily took off her suit and joined us. I was surprised when Viki let me start washing her naked body and of course Lily helped too. There really was no time for fun and frolic so we washed each other and toweled off. 

Viki went off to her room and Lily and I to ours. Lily pulled a beautiful black knee length evening dress and put it on with no bra or panties. She slipped on a pair of heels, earrings and a gold bracelet. I knew then that Uncle George was going to have a great night.

Lily went off to find Uncle George's room while I waited for Viki to finish dressing. When we walked into the banquet hall, I spotted my Uncle George at the bar with Lily. Viki and I went over to meet him. Before we could have any more banter, it was announced that dinner was being served. With Viki on his left arm and Lily on his right hand, Uncle George entered the dining area. Their seats were at a table with George's supervisor and his regional manager and their spouses. I knew that his bosses were jealous that they were not being accompanied by such lovely women. I took a seat at one of the banquet tables.

While eating, I sensed that Lily was enjoying herself under the table and may have been playing with George. I would not know for sure, until we got back to our suite and I could quiz her. I hoped that George was getting to experience first-hand that Lily was commando. George and Lily danced a few slow dances. George is not much of a dancer and is not too smooth on his feet but shortly after the awards Uncle George and Lily disappeared. 

Viki and I returned to the suite around one am but there were no signs of Lily. Viki slipped into a very sheer night gown that allowed me to view her beautiful body but I knew there was no chance of anything more. We waited up until about 2:30 when Lily walked in. Lily removed her dress and it was obvious that she had sex with Uncle George from the white stuff smeared on her thighs. She took Viki by the hand and they walked to Viki's bedroom. I went to bed alone. Somewhere around 3 am I felt a naked Lily slip under the sheets and lie next to me. Within a matter of minutes we were both asleep.
