 It was a stolen weekend I was curled up with Roger together on the carpet with a bit of soft light as we view a collection of erotic movies, caressing one another and enjoying the moment, an amateur portion comes on of a couple in their room not very imitative but good, and the thought clicks in our mind. 

"Think we could do better?" he asks me 

"Definitely of course we would need some help. I think to get just the right angles and effects." I love how willing he is to share my sexual desires and expressions and I love when he wants me to share his as well. 

"Of course, have you got someone in mind?" He can see the wheels turning in my eyes. 

"I have a friend her name is Ronda. I think you might enjoy having her watch." I smile at you "And you never know where that might go, she's about six foot, brownish hair and our favorite would be her nice full breast." 

I watch that look of sexual hunger climb into his eyes. I start to kiss him my fingers caressing his chest as I kiss down his neck I run my tongue over his nipples my fingers are now caressing his tummy as they caress downward I follow with my mouth. 

I start to stroke his incredible cock as I kiss the tip, run my tongue around it. I love looking up into his eyes and seeing that look of want, pleasure and later complete satisfaction. 

I take his hard cock into my mouth and suck it. 

"I'll talk to Ronda tomorrow but to night my superman I just want to ride your wonderful inches, and feel you deep inside my wet warm pussy. I lower my pussy onto the steely cock and feel him slide up into me.

Kissing him I ride up and down his hard cock. "Am I your porno queen?" I whisper close to his ear and feel his hands exploring my body. "You are my porno queen and I am going to fuck you so hard." 

"I want you so much baby." I bite my lip and look down into his eyes. I am so wet and his cock is now soaked with my juices and he slides out of my pussy and with that smile of satisfaction he slowly begin to push his cock into my ass. 

His hands on my waist as he go deeper into my ass he is watching my face, then he starts to kiss me as I start to ride his cock he is kissing and sucking upon my breast as I moan and slide up and down.

He wants to have control of the situation so he has me switch position so he is behind me holding of my waist as he pound into my ass and fingers my pussy and I am wet and he know just how to touch me. 

"I want everyone to see how you love my cock in your ass, that you are my porno queen, my special queen." He is fucking me so deep, hard and fast. 

"OMG Roger, I want this so much." I start to finger my pussy as he holds my waist and quicken his pace "Oh I'm cumming." I moan and I feel him bury himself inside me as he explodes I feel the warmth of his cum feeling my ass. 

We clean up and are lying in bed holding one another making plans for our movie before drifting off to sleep. The next morning I arrange to have lunch with Ronda to discuss our little venture. 

I meet Ronda at the cafe and we find a secluded spot to talk, first we chit chat catching up since we last saw one another only a couple days ago, we order and after the waitress has left our drinks. Oh and about the waitress by the way you would have loved her, but that's another story will have to work that out another day long legs, great body sweet soft fragrance of being a woman and long black hair with hall of fame breast. 

"Ronda, you remember me talking about Roger?" I sip my tea. 

"Oh yes you have told me about Roger." she smiles "So a new adventure taking shape."

"As a matter of fact yes, but I need a little help with this one." she looks at me "Help how?"

"Roger and I want to make a video, but we need someone to do the camera for us." 

"You want me to do the camera while you two are making love?" she seems a little shock. 

"It's not a completely off the wall request, you enjoy hearing about Roger's very impressive cock, and you know my body." I touch her leg under the table if you like; you and I could meet earlier so you get something for your time. 

"Someone might see you." she whispers and covers my hand with hers "I didn't say I wouldn't do it or that I would just asked if that is what you were wanting" she smiles at me. 

"But you make a very tempting offer." 

"So can I call Roger and tell him to hurry home after work." I reach for my phone. "Okay, when?" she sips her tea. 

"We want to do it tonight of course." I start to dial your number. "Hi baby, guess what our camera problem is solved so hurry home after work okay. See you in the bedroom baby." 

The waitress brings back out food and bends over her breast are a great view in her low cut blouse, she is very close and I brush my arm against her as I reach for something I don't really need, and she doesn't flinch away, I look up to see a faint smile as she starts to leave. 

"Can I do anything else for you ladies?" she smiles.

"I think we're okay." Ronda says noticing I am getting that I want her look in my eyes. 

"What you think Darkest anything you want?" the waitress and I exchange a look. 

"Not at this time," I look at her name badge "Alisa, thank you." She smiles and walks away. 

The rest of the afternoon is spent preparing the bedroom, camera for the show that will soon take place. With some time saved back for Ronda's compensation. I watch her move around the room helping to set things in the mood. The sound of the soft music is filtering through the room bit sensual and the scent of Jasmine. Having finished setting the Camera we got a tripod but Ronda will be moving around to get just the right positions. I flick the camera on just to be sure it's working of course. 

She is standing at the foot of the bed and looking around to see that the area is ready for the filming. "I think it's good." I move to stand beside. 

"It's good now all we need is Roger not to get detained at work; he's such a busy man." I smile and kiss her "thanks for the help." 

I kiss her again and she starts to kiss back slowly I unbutton her blouse and she pulls my t-shirt style shirt up and off. I unzip her jeans and slide them and her panties off, she slides my skirt down and then we remove each others bras. I start kissing her breast and licking the nipple while she caresses my breast, I kiss and lick down her tummy to her brownish tuff of hair inserting a finger inside her pussy while I like her lips and sucking her clit. 

she has her fingers in my hair as I eat her pussy she is moaning and she taste so sweet, I stop and standing up I get on the bed she comes and lays down beside me we are caressing and kissing one another, she sucks on my breast while fingering my pussy. 

"You want top or bottom?" I ask her wanting to feel her tongue in my pussy while I am buried inside her with my tongue. 

"Top." she positions herself over me her pussy wet warm and fragrance with her sexual desire we start to 69 her tongue is thick and long I love how she darts it teasingly into my pussy how she moans with pure pleasure tasting me. I am licking her pussy lips and fingering her omg I love how wet she is. 

I know Roger will be here soon, I glance periodically at the door soon I see him appear and he is standing there watching us he begins to stroke his cock and I love how hard he is I signal for him to come in with my free hand he ha stripped down and is behind Ronda she is to into us and take no notice at first he starts to caress her and she looks back at him a little surprised but willing. 

He starts to slide his cock into her pussy I continue to lick her and his cock as it pumps in and out of her tasting them both, she has never had a cock inside her while she has been with a woman too and she is moaning and trying to lick my pussy, but the pleasure and sensation of him inside her is distracting. 

He is so deep inside her and she is cumming like a fountain into my waiting mouth soon I can see his cock buried as far as he can inside her and his cum mixed with her is flowing into my mouth I lick his balls and cock and back to her pussy lick the juices as they mingle together. 

Ronda is spent and Roger is relaxing to one side I get up and say I need to wash my face as I pass the camera I flip it off and leave them to rest. Ronda comes in and starts to shower as I come back into the bedroom Roger is lounging on the bed I sit beside him and he touches my breast and plays with my nipple. 

"That felt good" he smiles up at me "A bit of an appetizer?"

"I have another surprise for you." I lean down and kiss him "I got it on tape" I smiled and ran my fingers down his chest. 

"When she's done clean up and I'll get us something to drink." I pull on my robe and go out to the kitchen. 

Ronda has dressed and joined me and he is in the shower. 

"How you feel?" I smile at her and give her a slice of apple. 

"Omg, He is so good I have never felt so filled, I loved feeling you licking my pussy while he fucked me, and I had never done anything like that." 

"I thought you might enjoy that." I kissed her and continued to fix a bit of snack "By the way I taped it." I glanced over my shoulder "Do you mind?" 

"Surprised, but actually more excited, when do you want to start filming?"

"Give him a little time." I smile "Don't want to wear him out too soon." I laughed knowing his appetite is almost as endless as my own, wearing Roger out at all would not be easy. 

We gather in the living room and talk allowing Roger and Ronda time to get to know a bit about one another. But I can feel my excitement rising at what is awaiting us in the bedroom. I am sitting close to him, his arm is draped across my shoulder and his finger tips are playfully against my nipple from time to time he will roll my nipple between his thumb and finger. 

I lay my hand over his cock feeling it tightening his jeans, Ronda is trying to be casual as she is observing us she excuses herself and returns with the camera, he is kissing me his tongue is twisting with mine his hand is inside my robe squeeze my breast as Ronda starts to film us. 

I unzip his jeans and slide my hand inside to bring out his cock, it readily escapes the tight jeans and I start to stroke it then I lean down and start to suck it, I feel it getting harder in my mouth taking it all at first because I know once it is hard it will not all go into my mouth. 

I love the feel of the hair around his cock against my lips as I take him deep, I feel his hand on the back of my head and feel him playing in my hair, as I suck on him my tongue swirling around his cock as I suck it. I run my tongue along the front and down to his balls suck on one then the other then licking back up to the tip he has gotten hard and I take as much as I can into my mouth sucking and licking him. 

Ronda is close she records how deep I take him and the expression on his face when he is completely in my mouth, then more of my sucking him. Now being fully erected to his glorious full inches we switch positions he has my robe open and Ronda is recording the swirling of his tongue over my nipples and how he bites them gently before sucking on them and squeezing them. 

She records how he kiss down to my pussy his fingers probing me as he licks the full swollen lips and clit, the way his tongue masterfully swirls and flicks against my clit driving me wild, how he sticks it deep inside tasting me and the juices, listening to my moans as he drive me to that wild uninhibited passion we share. 

"Oh Baby, I need you to fuck me, I want to feel you inside me." laying on the sofa Roger has one foot on the floor the other leg on the sofa, while I have my left leg over his shoulder and the other spread so that he slides his cock inside me. Ronda is moving around getting every possible position as he slides inside my wet warm pussy. 

Roger is sliding in and out slowly but his pace is quickening and he starts to squeeze my breast and pinch and pull on my nipples, he is ramming his hard cock deep inside then leans down and sucks on my left nipple then my right as he does he go deep inside me and I moan loudly. 

Ronda closed the camera in on his mouth on my nipples then down to was his cock is pumping hard into my pussy, she can smell our passion, feel the heat of the moment and see the hunger we have for one another. She is starting to feel it too. 

"Maybe we should try something else she breaks into the moment, another position or room." she continues to record. 

Roger pulls out of me reluctantly and we stand up and start for the bedroom half way down the hall he pin me to the wall kissing me then my neck he has his hard cock inside me, his hands holding me against the wall by my wrist he is kissing me wildly as he pump his hard cock into me, then he pull out and kneel down lifting one leg over his shoulder as he starts to eat my pussy there in n the hall, I feel his tongue exploring my pussy. 

Ronda floats around us recording us eagerly. As she is recording my reaction to Roger pin job and then the licking of his tongue I can sense her rising desire. We continue down the hall to the bedroom as we approach the bed Roger pulls me back against him. One arm draped across my large breast the other fingering the wet peddles of my pussy.

Roger is kissing my neck, and shoulder then biting slightly he kisses my back knowing this drives me wild, then my wrist and palms, he sits on the chair near the desk and have me sit facing him. His cock sliding up inside me he squeezes my breast.

I slide up and down his cock riding it so hard. Roger begins sucking on my breast like a hunger child, then he looks up at me surprised all the attention he has given my breast has finally started to pay off as he taste the first drops of milk. Roger starts sucking and squeezing them and allowing what little milk there is to flow, Ronda has seen this and finds it erotic that he should be so turned on by this. He grab my waste and bury himself inside of me not cumming yet just trying to prolong the moment, when he has calmed slightly we move to the bed Roger is taking me doggie style his cock ramming into my wet swollen warm pussy, Ronda is finding it hard to record as she is getting wetter and hotter watching him fuck me bringing me to repeated levels of organism, I am moaning and Roger is wildly fucking me I can see her touching her pussy trying to control herself. Ronda records with the camera, Roger sliding in to me. 

I am moan loudly and he swats my ass lightly. 

"OMG Roger, oh baby yes you feel so good." Ronda is getting so aroused. And I reach out and touch her pussy she is wet and ready to be fucked. 

"Roger," I glance back at him "She's ready to be fucked." I lick the moisture from her pussy and he smiles at me as he pulls out of my pussy. 

"I'll take that." I take the camera and I start recording as he starts to undress her and suck on those beautiful round breast, biting the nipples and fingering her wet pussy. 

Ronda is allowing her fingers to caress his bare body and melting into the feel of his lips on her breast Roger has her on the bed and I am recording his cock sliding in and out of her she is moans he fill her up inside. My breast are near her face and having seen him sucking them and the droplets of milk she starts to suck on one I record her then back to his cock inside her. 

"Ronda, you like how he feels now?" I am recording that dreamy look of pleasure in her eyes. 

"Og yes he feels so good." she licks her lips "Your milk is so sweet and it is exciting to nurse on your breast. 

"Want to feel him really well?" I ask bending down and kissing her "Want to know, what it's like to be fuck as if you're in heaven? 

"Yes," she whispers lost in the feel of him in her pussy. Roger looks at me knowing what I have in mind watching her face and I record that look in his eyes. 

"Let him fuck your ass." she looks at me then at him. "Trust me?" I ask touching her nipples.

"Yes," she answers I reach for the oil and while Roger is fucking her pussy I start putting oil on his cock and filming I pour a bit on her pussy and they are both extra wet from juice and oil, Roger pull out and move back slightly so she can turn over. I smile at him and pour a bit of oil on her ass he start to rub it and I pour more on his cock and while he is rubbing and working the oil into her. I am using my free hand to rub oil on his cock. 

Roger is ready he starts to rub his cock against her ass slowly he starts to insert it into her, she gasp from the first instant pain I sit down in front of her recording Roger but Ronda starts to lick my pussy to distract herself until he is inside her. She is fingering my pussy and licking it as he gradually moves deeper inside her ass. 

"Omg she's tight Darkest." He smiles as he slides inside and slowly starts to pump her ass. 

"Oh I never knew this was omg." she moans as he starts to fuck her ass. I am recording him sliding in and out of her tight ass, I have moved to the side and I float around them as Roger fucks her like she has never been fucked before, soon he is ready to explode he is fucking her harder and faster, He grab her waist and bury himself inside her while his cock throbs and his cum fills her. 

And so our movie comes to its final conclusion. Ronda showers and says good night feeling very satisfied with the evening. I close the door and find Roger standing completely naked behind me "Maybe the movie is finished but I'm not." He pulls me into his arms and kisses me. "You maybe my porno Queen tonight, but you're also my Sensual Goddess all the time." But that's another story. 

The End or is it?