 I have to admit it’s a great job owning a restaurant. I inherited the place from my grandmother (I was always her favorite) who had run a family restaurant here for years. My brother Mike and I spent several months renovating, cleaning up and restoring the historic décor. Then we hired a crew to install a completely new kitchen while we installed a restaurant-management computer system. Then I hired the best French chef I could find and called a friend of mine at the newspaper. One extremely favorable food critic review later, we were off and running into being the fashionable place to be in the city. 

It was a sweet life. We renovated an large condo above the restaurant that I lived in. We renovated an office next door to my condo. And there was a stairway down to a private entrance to the bar, near the back. Every morning, Mike came in and handle the whole lunch thing while I worked out at the gym. Then about 2:00 or so, he came upstairs and we had coffee and a light lunch together. Then I worked on the books, ran errands, or just hung out until about 5:00 when I was always downstairs at the corner of the bar for the evening business. 

It was a sweet job. I had a special place at the end of the bar, a private telephone by my side, the newspaper (hey, I got up late every day) and a hot pot of coffee from fresh-ground beans (OK, so I do have my weaknesses). I handled the ugly stuff -- people without reservations, drunks, people with reservations that were screwed up, and so forth. Luckily, I had a great staff and most of the time, I just observed and talked to people that came to drink and eat. Sweet job -- I meet the nicest people. 

Tonight, I came downstairs a little late, around 6:00, grabbed my cup of coffee and paper, but put them both down as I heard a mix-up begin to get out of hand over at the greeter’s table. Megan is usually pretty great so I figured this was something big. As I walked over, I heard enough to know that somehow, don’t ask why, we had mixed up reservations. Rather than let people get upset (bad karma), I quickly intervened. 

“Megan, sounds like we messed things up with this group. ” A group of faces, male and female, turned to see who I was. One started to talk but I quickly began speaking calmly with a smile , “Megan, as I said, sounds like we messed thing up. Please ask Eric to prepare the owner’s table and I will treat this group to appetizer and drinks at the bar. Please come with me. ”

I heard them murmuring behind me, satisfied by the sound of it, as I escorted them to a large table in the bar area. “Please, be my guests. Monica,” as a waitress approached, “we messed up these nice people’s reservation and their table is being prepared. Please bring them their drinks and appetizers on the house please. ” 

Later, I watched as they had their party at the owner’s table including cake for one of the women. Much later, after I ate my supper (usually a salad) at the bar and I was thinking about doing some paperwork upstairs and watching Sports Center, I felt a tap on my shoulder. It was the birthday girl herself wearing a business suit over a starched white blouse, jacket open, pinstriped slacks on her legs. Blond with great green eyes, I had a glimpse of a nice body beneath her suit as she bent over to place her bag by her stool. Then I noticed the ring on her finger. 

“Happy Birthday,” I said with a smile as I stood a motioned her to the seat next to me. “My name’s Rick. “ She smiled and sat as she asked Bobby, our bartender, for a decaf coffee. “I‘m Sharon. ”

I smiled and told the bartender, “My blend, Bobby. ” She smiled again, nice even white teeth. 

“Thanks for making all this happen tonight. ”

“Oh no, just a mix-up. That’s what the manager is for, to clean up mistakes. ”

“Well, I wanted to say thank you. Especially since it wasn’t a mix-up. ” 

“What do you mean?” as Bobby set down two cups of coffee. 

“Well, I know Raymond. A great lawyer but an asshole in public. I know he didn’t call for the reservation. But you did the right thing; he’s an ass. ”

I laughed politely, the loudly. She looked on, then joined me in a good laugh. “Well, he can talk about how he screwed me over tonight. But, it’s just good business. No one eating here or waiting to eat here wants to be disturbed by a scene. Besides, it’s my place and I’ll be nice if I want to. ”

She smiled and laughed and I glimpsed her breasts swaying under her blouse. Suddenly, I was semi-erect. “That’s nice. Well I have to go now; tomorrow is a work day. ”

“Oh sure. I was just getting ready to go upstairs and do some paperwork. ” She looked confused so I elaborated, “I have both an office and a condo upstairs. 

She stood and I did also, feeling my cock press against my slacks. She smiled, the froze as her eyes focused on my crotch. I could feel her hand tighten inside of mine as we shook hands, then she quickly asked me, “Could I talk to you in private please?”

Two

We went up the stairs to my office. Inside, I stood by the desk as she walked around looking the office over. She laid her jacket over the couch beneath the window and then leaned over it to look out. My cock hardened at the sight of her firm ass over the back of the couch and I wondered what this was all about. She turned suddenly and her eyes were on my hard cock, nine inches and very thick, clearly visible against the fabric of my slacks. 

She asked me, “Is there a Mrs. Sterling?”

“Only my grandmother, The restaurant was named after her and my grandfather, my mother’s parents. My last name is Rutledge. And there’s no Mrs. Rutledge. ”

We stared into each other’s eyes, clearing aroused, her breath a light panting in the room. She quickly walked over to me at the desk and lightly laid her hand on my cock, caressing me. “Then there’s nobody with claim on this. ”

I reached up and laid my hands lightly on her firm breasts, feeling her light bra and erect nipples under my fingers. “But from the looks of that ring on your finger, somebody does have claim on these. ”

“He’s out of town,” as she dropped to her knees and began to press her lips against my crotch. Quickly, she had my pants unzipped and was dropping the around my ankles. I leaned back against the edge of the desk. 

She looked up at me as her hands sought the hem of my boxers. “I hope this is as big as it looks in your slacks. Oh god yes!” as my boxers dropped and my thick 9 inches sprang out into her hand. “Oh shit, it is big!”

She began to lick me, her hands caressing my shaft and my balls. I moaned and she smiled up at me, her tongue licking around the head. “Oh yeah baby. ” She smiled, and her mouth went around my head and sucked me into her throat. She easily got 3, maybe 4, inches into her mouth. Then she began to relax and stretch around me, using her tongue and swirling her whole mouth around the shaft, her blond hair swaying about her head. I groaned as I felt the head hit the back of her throat and press against it. I began to thrust, fucking her mouth slightly, then harder as I slid past her gag reflex and down her throat. I heard/felt her moan around my cock. 

I fucked her face harder, my cock sliding in and out of her tight mouth and down her throat, her tongue caressing the shaft and head. Her hands cupped my ass, pulling as I thrust, her moans vibrating around my thick shaft. I felt her hands slide up under by boxers, cupping my ass, then her neck arched slightly and my cock slid even further down her throat, deep, really deep, past the back of her throat, her lips touching my public hair, her hands pulling at my ass. Just as I was about to pull out and stroke myself to orgasm, she slide a finger into my anus, penetrating me, and I grabbed her head and fucked her mouth hard for several minutes as she finger-fucked my ass. 

As I came close to cumming,. I looked down, her face glistening with sweat, cheeks bulging with my cock sliding in and out fast, her hair flying with every thrust deep down her throat. Deep inside her, I felt a moan as my cock throbbed and filled her with hot cum, my scream echoing, “Oh shit yes, God, Oh YES!“. I came deep in her throat, collapsing over her body, thick jets of cum splashing against her throat, then her cheeks and lips as I pulled out. 

I lifted her, kissing her deeply as I reached for her tits. I could taste my cum on her hot lips. Her blouse was easily unbuttoned and I could see her hard nipples through her thin bra. I unsnapped it, and her 36C tits sprang into my hand. She moan and leaned back against the desk as my lips went down her neck to her nipples and my tongue caressed them before my mouth sucked the nipples into my mouth. “Oh yes, Rick, ummmmmm. “ I continued to listen to her moan and suck her nipples, alternating left and right, as I unsnapped her slacks and she kicked them off over her heels. 

As she lifted her ass, I stripped her panties off, feeling her hot swollen pussy lips. I kissed down her flat belly, my tongue tracing a trail from her navel to her pussy lips, then sliding between them as she cried out, “Oh eat me, lick my clit, oh yes, FUCK ME WITH YOUR TONGUE!”

I grabbed her ankles, spreading her legs, and captured her clit between my lips. Her hand grabbed my head, pulling me as she gasped, “Oh yes! YES!” I felt her juices flood her pussy, her clit swelling between my lips, then her gasp and moan as my tongue flicked and moved her clit. 

I licked her, sliding my wet tongue up and down her slit, then penetrating her deeply, sucking her clit into my mouth as my tongue danced and flicked. Her hands grabbed my head as I moved from side to side, exercising maximum pressure on her clit. 

I grabbed her ass, spreading her wide, pulling her to me as she began to moan, “I’m so close, oh God, oh God, YES!” as my tongue pressed her clit as my head moved from side to side faster. My fingers grabbed her tight ass, spreading her ass cheeks, and returning the favor, my finger slid into her anus, penetrating her tight ass. She grabbed my ears and held me as her pussy began to spasm around my tongue, “Ohyes, ohyes, ohyes OHYES!!!!” 

Her body began to shake, legs squeezing my head. I held her tight as she came hard, her body shaking and muscles clutching at my tongue, her face turning from side-to-side, her hair flying. My finger was captured inside her tight anal hole, her muscles spasming around my index finger as she came. 

“Oh God, fuck my ass! My husband won’t do it. Fill me ass! Please fuck my ass with your thick cock!”

My finger still inside her, I spread her legs as I stood, my hard cock jutting straight out. She continued to beg me, “Oh please, fuck my ass. Fuck me!” I dipped my hard cock into her dripping wet pussy, listening to her moans as I soaked the entire rod, her pussy tight around my cock. Then I slid another finger into her tight ass, her body writhing again as I did so. “Oh God, fuck my ass!”

I grabbed her legs with my arms, pressing them back over her shoulders, lifting her ass up off of the desk, spreading her wide. My fingers slipped from her ass as her cheeks spread and I slid the head of my dick between her firm ass cheeks. At the entrance, I began to press forward, pressing the head firmly against her incredibly tight anal ring. Her eyes widened, body tensing up, “Oh no, no, ARGGGGHHHHHHH!” as I popped inside her, the muscular anal ring stopping me an inch or so inside her ass. I pressed harder and slid another inch inside her. 

Tears squeezed from the corners of her eyes as the color drained from her face. Her breath was gasping, almost panting. I marveled at her tight anal opening and smooth hot walls caressing my cock inside her. I reached down with my hand, sliding my finger in her still wet pussy, lubricating my thick rod, then caressing her clit as I pressed against her and slide another two inches inside her. 

She was gasping, unable to talk coherently, gasping as my cock filled her and the pain/pleasure/fullness radiated through her abdomen. I rubbed her pussy with my fingers as I thrust again. Tears slid down her checks from the corners of her eyes, she pulled me against her, my dick sliding another inch or so inside her. 

With each pause and each stroke of her clit, I could feel her ass accepting my thick cock, stretching and grabbing at my thickness, the pain turning to pleasure. With a little more lubrication from her pussy, I thrust hard and fully filled her ass. She groaned, body writhing as I caressed her clit, her ass twisting around my thick cock until she finally accepted me fully. Her eyes opened, glistening with lust, and she told me in a guttural voice a full octave below her normal range, “Fuck me. Make me cum. Fuck my ass!”

I pulled out about a quarter of my 9 inches, her body sliding across the slick desk as her tight ass clutched and grabbed at me, then thrust into her, setting up a slow rhythm. Her hand reached for my thighs, then my ass cheeks, pulling and pushing me more deeply and faster into her hot ass. I groaned, her tightness and hot smooth muscles caressing my cock. 

Finally, I was fully fucking her ass, sliding until my head was just inside her anal ring then smoothly thrusting until my balls slapped against her ass cheeks, She groaned continually, finally grunting with every thrust, “oh... ugh... oh... ugh... oh... ugh... oh... ugh. ” Then faster, my body slapping against her body, her tits swaying with every thrust. 

Then, “Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you’re going to make me cum!” Then her voice dropped another octave, a full guttural animal groans, “Oghhhhhhhhhh, Oghhhhhhhh, Oghhhhh... ” as I felt her ass spasm and her pussy clutch my fingers as she came. She twisted her body, driving my cock deeply inside her, grabbing it with her ass muscles, squeezing me, then I exploded inside her, filling her tight ass with hot spurts of cum. “Oh... oh... ohyes... ohfuckyes!” as we came and came, our sweaty bodies writhing together as we collapsed against one another. 

Our bodies stick with sweat, we lay together, my cock slowing losing hardness and slipping out of her ass. I could feel the cum running out of her tight ass in thin streams, then down her body and across the desktop.. We both slid into a light sense of well-being and satisfaction. 

The lights downstairs we off as I walked her to the parking lot door. We kissed and I watched her sweet walk, a little strained by her sore ass, as she walked to her car. As she drove away, I locked the door and closed up the restaurant.