 When I wrote Part 1 of this story, I decided not to delay you with the details of how the characters met and made a (crazy) life together but, rather, to just dive right into their exploits at the peak of their time together. There was a beginning and there will be an end but, for now, we continue with their adventures. In the previous chapter Ray and Anastasia/Nastya leveraged their close relationship and well-honed teamwork to take advantage of a naturally submissive "Soccer Mom" after they randomly encountered her on a visit to their home town. You can read that installment first or you can jump right in and figure it out.

*****

Over the next few months Anastasia exchanged occasional text messages with our new friend Jean. At some point in the proceedings I instructed her to confess to the false names we'd been using ("you never can be too careful but now we're friends, etc") and to give her our real ones - partly because I didn't really like Julia nor Joe but mostly so that I wouldn't end up making a mistake and screwing up the trust we were carefully constructing with her. We'd gone to great lengths to avoid scaring her or messing up her life but, at the end of the day, she was just a pleasant toy in the great game of "us" and nothing would be permitted to interfere with that.

Finally, in September of the same year we got the message we'd been waiting for:

"Hi A, Hi to R! Good news! D is going to be back in December and I'm coming with him! It's a short 3-day conference right after his birthday but we're coming 2 days early to celebrate!"

Then a moment or two later...

"I thought, maybe, we might be able to get together. If you wanted that"

Yes, too damn right we wanted it - neither of us would miss it for the world! Further texts arrived over the next few weeks with dates and times and tentative requests to meet with us. We agreed to nothing but in reality we cleared our easy-to-clear schedules and began planning the next Jean adventure (joint ideas), this time to include her husband Dan (mostly Nastya's crazy ideas).

By the time Dan and Jean Tomlinson arrived in our city, we had used a lot of tricks, called in some favors, broken several federal laws, and had a room reserved at The Grand right next to the one that would be "randomly" allocated to them. And with a connecting door! I'd even tried to get them back into room 1510 for old times sake but it wasn't possible to make that happen. We were booked in similar rooms on the floor below in 1421 (us) and 1422 (them).

Knowing their exact ETA thanks to Jean, Nastya and I arrived a few hours before them. A major portion of our called-in favors, and a lot of flirting by Anastasia with the middle-aged, front desk manager, went on procuring the key to the double-sided, connecting doors between the two rooms. There was some elaborate and difficult-to-follow story about a surprise birthday party for her Uncle Dan that no-one was to know about because his wife had fallen out with our side of the family. As soon as we got in the room we tried the key which worked as promised and we sneaked in and checked out their room. It was pretty much an identical, but mirror image of ours.

The weakest part of today's plan was how we were going to get Jean alone to kindle a flame in her pussy, and give her the necessary instructions for tomorrow. It wouldn't work to send lengthy messages by text when she was around Dan in case he heard her phone chime and asked awkward questions. By now we knew that they had two grown and independent children but repeated messages would look suspicious and, God forbid, he might ask to see them.

However there was one longshot approach. Jean had assured us that Dan, for sure, would want a nap after the long drive and before they went out for dinner or drinks that evening. We had instructed her to tell him that she would take a walk around the neighborhood stores and wake him for dinner. More importantly she was to text us immediately when the coast was clear.

We'd improvise a Plan B and C in case Dan discovered Red Bull but, for now, all there was to do was lounge around and wait. I didn't even want to spend the time fucking in order to save my middle-aged libido for the fun to come.

Finally, right on time, with our connecting door open and their side closed and locked, we clearly heard them enter the room. Depending on where they were standing we could even make out parts of their fairly mundane conversation.

"Shit, we should have thought of a hidden camera or something." I whispered to Nastya, knowing full well it would have been an expensive and risky proposition. It did, however, give me a simple idea for an improvement to tomorrow's festivities.

Eventually, after almost another unbearable hour, the fateful text arrived:

"I'm free"

Nastya replied immediately:

"Go downstairs, walk one block down James St, wait near the coffee shop"

And we actually heard the message arrive on Jean's phone next door. Damn we'd have to teach her about putting it on vibrate. We heard her door close, and soon after the nearby elevator pinged its arrival. We rushed out onto balcony and waited until we saw her leave the building and walk as instructed. We were both ready to go and we left immediately. A little wait would enhance Jane's anticipation but too long might be counter-productive. Even so, we took the garage elevator and then emerged on a side street so we could approach her from the opposite direction. No need to show all our cards too soon.

She didn't see us approach until, with a squeal, Nastya ran up to her and wrapped her up in a huge hug. Nastya kissed her briefly on the lips before reluctantly releasing and turning her towards me...

"Hello Jean, it's wonderful to see you again." I said neutrally and gave her a more reserved hug and a light peck on both her cheeks. She wasn't expecting the second one and it threw her off balance for a second. But I liked doing that to Jean.

"Would you like to have a nice cup of coffee with us Jean?" I asked doing my best innocence impersonation.

Without giving her enough time to think as usual, Nastya took her hand and we went inside. It was busier than I'd anticipated but there was an empty table near the back and we established ourselves there. I got the girls' orders (a frape latte something for Anastasia and an I'll-have-the-same for poor Jean and myself). I left them alone to talk while I took out a quick mortgage application for the three of the over-wrought, creamy concoctions and a selection of three light pastries.

I returned with a tray to our table where there was animated conversation (Anastasia) and the now-familiar, confused, compliance-with-anything (Jean). I sat and sipped while Nastya rambled on about how great it was to be together and how much fun we were going to have. I could see the inner conflict on Jean's face as she probably alternatively considered the forbidden fun and the risk to her marriage and stable lifestyle that Nastya represented. But we'd already considered that risk too and our plans were designed to mitigate it pretty effectively.

After a few minutes of this I shifted in my seat and casually placed my hand on Jean's thigh. She was wearing stretch pants, a simple white blouse, and a light, casual black jacket. Both the girls looked considerably more appetizing to a middle-aged pervert than the expensive, untouched pastries. She made the tiniest of flinches at my touch.

"Anastasia, dear, pass the shopping to Jean, please."

We had found the high-end sex shop (from outside it looked like some kind of upscale boutique) not two full blocks from The Grand and had made a couple of interesting purchases there. These were in the bag without the a receipt. I'd thought of paying cash but then I realised that there was no way to have an appropriate date and timestamp. Nastya passed this bag to Jean along with two smaller. lighter ones. The first was from a nearby souvenir store that contained a couple of overpriced, locally relevant fridge magnets, and the second from a lingerie store that contained a beautiful pair of brief silk panties and matching camisole top. Incidentally there was no such lingerie store in the vicinity that met Anastasia's requirements but she assured me that if Dan cared more about the store's location than seeing its wares on his hot wife then we might just as well kill him and dump the body in the river. Sometimes it's difficult to tell where her jokes end and her actual craziness begins. I was pretty sure that, if push ever came to shove, she could dump a body in a river and take a relaxed swim there the very next day.

"Jean", I said, sliding my hand further up and gently kneading her thigh, "This can be the 'shopping' you did while you weren't with us in this coffee shop."

"Two of these," I continued, "are pretty straightforward: wear the lingerie whenever you think it's appropriate, and do whatever it is people do with the fridge magnets. The big one is going to need some explanation, though."

With that, Nastya took back the sex toy bag and, to Jeans increasing horror, began to line up the contents on the busy cafe table. I stroked and massaged her leg nearer and nearer to her groin in a (selfless!) attempt to redirect her concerns. Nastya explained each item:

"This is lube, I expect you know how this works. This one is little beginner's butt plug for no good reason other than I wanted you to try one. This is a blindfold, more on that tomorrow... Now this one is important, it's a remote control bullet vibrator with its remote controller. They are both USB-rechargeable, just like your phone, and we've already opened the box and made sure they're fully charged."

Nastya neglected to mention that we'd bought two of these in addition to her own and I had opened the cases on the two new ones, modified the dip-switch settings and now had a second remote that worked with the one we were giving to Jean. It wasn't a cheap approach but we didn't want Dan snooping around and not finding a working remote. Besides, I rationalized, I now had a spare one hand, if and when Nastya ever wore hers out.

While she continued to explain the bullet Nastya opened box and removed the components for demonstration purposes.

"You just put some lube on yourself and on the bullet and slip it into your pussy with this wire hanging down to help you remove it when you're finished - it's also the antenna but it's strong. You can also put it up against your clit or your asshole inside your panties. It's probably not really a smart thing to actually put up your ass." She added, unnecessarily.

I picked up the bullet and the remote and showed her the simple controls. But a practical demonstration is always the most useful so I took it in my thigh-stroking left hand and held it up between her legs. I could feel the heat of her crotch through the tight material.

Before she could think about having a hand and bullet on her crotch in the busy public place Nastya distracted her by making her cycle through the controls. The little guy had incredible power for his size and I could both feel and see the effect on Jean as she performed her self-inflicted stimulations. After several increasingly unnecessary demonstrations we relented - before she was a gibbering wreck - and turned her attention to the last, bulkiest, and most important item. I did the commentary:

"Jean, this is a temporary "Under Bed Restraint System". We're going to show you exactly what to do with it when the time comes. For now, take all these things back to your room and hide them somewhere that's easy to get to but where Dan won't find them." 

Nastya repacked all the items with the exception of the bullet which she left out on the table like a four-hundred gram gorilla in the room. Before she put away the lube she removed the tamper seal and squirted a generous amount into her palm.

"Oh, and try to come up with a better hiding place than your underwear drawer like you did for "Julia's" sticky leotard!" I added a little cruelly, deliberately using Nastya's fake name from our previous encounter. I wanted her mind to be a swirling vortex of conflicting emotions.

"So here it the plan. Listen carefully because there is going to be a test but it's just three easy steps. Number one is that, from now on, unless we say otherwise, you'll always put the bullet inside you when you leave the room and remove it when you return - with one exception - we want it inside you overnight tonight. We expect you to avoid any sexual contact with Dan until we say so. Tell him it's not his birthday yet and make him be patient. Number two is easy: tomorrow morning, you won't be surprised at all to find that you've ordered a delicious breakfast in bed for you and the birthday boy for 9:00 AM sharp. We'd like you to wear something inappropriate to answer the door and let in the room service person. We'd quite like a selfie or something to show us what you picked. From what we know about Dan he'll barely wake up until he actually smells the food. Try to have breakfast finished in around thirty minutes and again avoid any sex with Dan. But begin to hint at good things to come. Number three: tell Dan that you have an even better surprise for him but that he needs to go and have a nice long shower. Tell him not to jerk off or whatever but to take his time in there and good things will happen to him. As soon as he is in the shower, text us and wait for instructions."

Nastya took over:

"So repeat the steps. What's number one?"

"Um, always wear the bullet, wait, what you can't... no..."

"What "No", Janie?" I asked sternly. "No, please don't send naughty photos to Dan, Janey? No don't spank you right here in the coffee shop? Huh?"

"Noooo, please... yes... I'll do what you want... just, please..."

Nastya "Number one again, Jane..."

"Wear the bullet when I'm not in the room... and also tonight... bullet tonight and no sex."

"Good girl, number two?"

"Um, I don't remember, wait, number two was easy, let's see... breakfast in bed at nine, answer the door with... um... you know... oh, and take a selfie... and no sex..."

"Well done, and number three?"

"Um, another surprise, he has to shower, don't jerk off... um, 9:30 AM... send a text... wait for instructions!"

"Good girl, Jane! I said. "Let's try one more time and maybe you'll get a prize..."

"One, bullet tonight and otherwise when I'm not in the room... Two breakfast in bed with, you know... wear something... and a selfie... Three, Dan in shower. No jerking! Send text, wait,"

Jean looked pleased with herself for the first time since we met her on the street and I was pretty pleased her efforts as well as her compliance with our wishes.

"Good girl, let's get you The Grand Prize even though you've kinda forgotten something." Said Anastasia with a broad grin.

"What? What did I forgot? What is The Grand Prize?"

"The bullet, silly! Said Nastya and picked it up from the table with her lubed hand we'd all forgotten about. "You're not in your room now, are you, and you're not wearing your Grand Prize!"

"Oh... no... already, really? Oh my God you're crazy!"

"Rules are rules, prizes are prizes. Do you want to put it in here or somewhere more quiet?"

"Here?" Jane spluttered. "Are you crazy? No, no, somewhere else... please Nastya!"

"Of course, Jane, no problem, come with us, let's go..." I said soothingly.

It was so cool that the debate was so easily switched to the location in which to insert the little torture device rather than whether or not it should be inserted! We abandoned our mostly untouched coffee and cakes and led her out of the cafe. I made sure Jane was carrying her "shopping" because I knew Nastya's right hand was full of bullet and lube.

We hurried her up the block and retraced our earlier route into the hotel parking lot. Jane said nothing as we waited for the elevator but I could see a smile of anticipation on Nastya's face. As soon as the elevator doors closed we sprang into action. This was a slow, heavy duty, hydraulic elevator and we knew we had exactly 45 seconds. That would be more than enough time so long as Jane put up no resistance. Nastya grabbed Jane's right hand with her unlubed left and pinned her to the back wall with a deep, passionate kiss. I took the waistband of her pants in my two hands and swiftly pulled them down to half mast. Jane, always one for a few surprises, was wearing no panties. That was a hot discovery and I reflected it probably saved at least two seconds off our procedure!

Nastya passed me the slippery bullet from her right hand and then grabbed for Jane's crotch to spread the remaining lube around and inside her vagina. As soon as she was done I took the bullet in two fingers, spread her pussy lips with my other hand and slipped the little guy inside her. All that was left to do was to pull up her pants and enjoy the rest of the ride!

Brinkmanship-loving Anastasia, however, continued the kiss right up to a second before the elevator pinged and slowed as it reached the main lobby floor. I wouldn't have been surprised at all to find that she had counted the seconds in her head throughout our victims abuse.

None of us spoke, Nastya took Jane's arm, and we escorted her across the lobby to the main elevator bank. Luckily it was empty, we stepped inside, and I pressed the button for fourteen.

"Fix your lipstick as usual, Janie." Said Nastya.

While she fumbled in her pocket book I took the liberty to extract my "Jane-Control" remote and give her a nice, gentle, level two vibration to assist her efforts. She just glanced at me with the mildest surprise and actually smiled. By the time we reached fourteen her lipstick was repaired and she had collected her wits to a passable degree. I pressed the off button (I wanted to save as much battery as possible for tomorrow) and we all exited the elevator.

Jane's concern began to rebuild as we walked her towards her room, us somehow knowing where she and sleepyhead Dan lived, but it turned to genuine surprise when I stopped at 1421 and took out my key. Anastasia walked her the six extra steps to her own door and kissed her lightly on the cheek.

"See you later Janie!" I whispered.

"One, two, three, surprise!" Added Nastya.

And, with that we, stepped into our room, quietly closing the door behind us, leaving Jane standing by her's, wide eyed and with her mouth open in a cute little "oh".

As I emptied out my pockets I thought: "Why the fuck not!" And I gave a nice 20-second blast at level eight. I clearly heard her stumble against our common wall as she let herself into her room. 

What fun!

Anastasia and had I planned to take it easy for the rest of the day. So far, our plan had gone better than we'd ever dared hope, but we'd been up since early morning getting things organized and tomorrow was to be a busy day.

We also had to be very careful to avoid accidentally bumping into Dan and Jean at this stage of the game and we had taken enough risks with the hotel staff when we needed their help with our arrangements. The watchword for remainder of the day was "low profile". We'd done too much and come to far to "blow it" through carelessness.

Also, I really was middle-aged and my performances were really not at the same level as ten or even five years ago. Having Anastasia in my life had definitely helped to slow down the trend but even she would not be able to reverse it. I did have Viagra for emergencies (and occasionally she made me take it for some crazy, Nastya sex scheme) but I didn't want to become dependent on it anytime soon, So, with consideration for tomorrow's plans I intended to save myself for Jean for tomorrow.

But then Anastasia is just so damned irresistible!

And controlling Jean thus far today was just so exciting!
