 Thank you for the kind words after the last Portion.

_____________

Dinner

As dinner approached, they dressed and headed down to the dining room. Isabelle had her summer dress on. Alex wore a pair of slacks and an oxford shirt with a button down collar opened at the top.

They met numerous guests. At their table they met Jill and Joe, a couple who had been there numerous times before. Jill and Joe had an open relationship and came here to re-connect whenever the green eyed monster reared its ugly head. As the conversation went on Joe explained to Isabelle and Alex:

"We love each other very much and put each other first. However, we can't see being monogamous for the rest of our lives. We have an open relationship, and that is hard. When you're having sex with someone, you become attached. 

When that happens, we are honest with each other."

He continued: "The person who has become attached breaks off and we book a week here. We take time to reconnect, to find each other, and to fall in love again."

Their Dinners came. In keeping with the yoga theme their meals were vegetarian. In keeping with the tantric philosophy there were meat dishes available, but they were never served to guests who were there on the first day.

Their wait staff told them that their meal consisted of a nut loaf, with black current gravy. The side dishes were a parsnip dish that had a French fry like consistency, and a side of seasonal vegetables.

After their meals were served, Isabelle inquired:

"What about honoring each other? What about being true to each other? What about the person who hasn't become attached, don't they feel rejected?"

"That's what we do here. We reconnect. We fix all of those hurts. We find if we can work through it, it brings us closer together." Said Jill.

Isabelle continued.

"Not for us. We're monogamous."

Joe asked:

"Don't you ever consider the possibilities? They say the number one fantasy is threesomes, by both men and women. Don't you ever wonder? Alex, you mean to tell me you've never fantasized about another?"

Alex had been silent throughout the conversation. Now that he was invited to speak, he put his fork down and began:

"On an intellectual plane, I understand where the desire could come from. I do. Don't get me wrong, but Isabelle and I know our relationship is on a different plane. We don't play with others. There is no desire on either of our parts. We were both in what we thought were monogamous relationships, and were both cheated on. We hold sexual intimacy as a sacred place in our relationship."

Joe wanted to challenge Alex on this:

"We're true to each other in a fashion. We make it work. Why do you think your relationship is on a different plane? What makes it so special? Don't you think that after a time you'll get bored with the same old, same old?"

Alex caught Isabelle's eye with an evil glint. Isabelle knew what was coming and was pleased and nervous at the same time. She blushed.

"I love Isabelle with all my heart. I need her; and her alone. She belongs to me. She is everything. We need to trust each other for what we have. I'm not saying it's better; I am just saying it's ours. Our lifestyle choice is about acceptance. I'm glad you've found happiness. Having to come to a place like this to heal your hurts after sexual relations with others doesn't seem like a solid foundation to me."

Both Jill and Joe had taken offense; Jill continued the discussion for their cause:

"I don't see it. What you seem to have is the same as everyone else here. You have a relationship with each other; you try to use tantra to spice it up. Seems boring to me."

Then it happened, Alex began:

"Isabelle."

"Yes Alex?"

"Move your chair closer to mine, please."

"Yes Alex."

"What do you think about the loveliness of the moon and stars Isabelle? I think they're lovely."

The dying rays of the sun were shining through the dining window. 

Isabelle responded with:

"The sun it is not, if you say it is not, then it must be the moon and it be blessed. If it changes as your mind then what you have named, even that it is; and so it is for me."

Alex had chosen their seats to be in corner, so that if they were alone they could play.

"Isabelle, undo my trousers."

At this Joe and Jill sat and did not say a word.

Isabelle, reached down and unzipped Alex's trousers.

"Isabelle, place my ring on the table."

Alex then turned to both Jill and Joe and said:

"Enough. Let's move onto something of more common ground. Do you do any of the yoga classes?"

Joe was puzzled by Alex's last request of Isabelle, and asked:

"What ring? What?"

Isabelle taking her queue from Alex continued along his line of questioning:

"Jill do you do yoga outside of the resort, or is it part of what happens, only when you are here?"

The meal continued with small talk of the yoga, and the tantric experiences. Talk turned to the nude section and how Isabelle and Alex didn't know if it was for them. Aside from the first conversation and their sexual differences, Isabelle and Alex got along very well indeed throughout dinner.

Isabelle's hand had been disappearing under the table from time to time. No one would have noticed. Yet Jill and Joe knew what was happening and were curious. She continued to work Alex's cock ring off.

As dessert was served Isabelle brought the ring out and dropped it on the table. As the black enameled ring hit and wobbled to rest on the table, Alex pulled her in close and said, "I love you baby girl, you are my everything."

Jill and Joe looked at each other.

Alex summarized:

"We have a D/s relationship. It is deliciously complex. We find that it requires way more respect, trust and faith than any type of relationship we've had or read about. She needs to know that I will take care of her in all things and never ever break her trust. We never broke faith with our previous spouses, and those were plain relationships. This is so much more than that. In order for us to be us and continue to explore this wonderful part of our sexuality, we need each other to provide a safety net of trust and love. I've always considered intimacy sacred. I've never had inclination for more than one partner, now that we've found this, the need for monogamy is doubly important."

Jill looked wistful and lost in thought.

"Interesting concept. We've taken different paths to fulfillment. Who knows whose is right?"

Without hesitation Alex said,

"We know ours is right for us. We never question this path we are on. The power nuances ebb flow, and we do run into bumps, but this is the right path for us."

After Dinner, Isabelle and Alex excused themselves and left the dining hall.

~~*~~

When they had exited the dining hall they hugged and kissed, and started to amble aimlessly holding hands. Alex asked if Isabelle was still ok. Isabelle explained that she was, that Joe and Jill seemed nice, but she could never be like them. She inquired if Alex was certain he was of the same mind.

"Isabelle you're my lover, my friend, my wife. You're everything. We've found each other, and are now finding ourselves. I wouldn't give up what we have for the world. "

His response made her feel better.

As they chatted they had wandered through the gardens' and had found themselves down by the water in the dark.

Isabelle, now feeling secure in all Alex had said through dinner, said

"Wanna skinny dip?"

"Isabelle are you sure?"

"Yes. It's something I've never done, a bucket list item."

They began to walk with purpose down to the nude section. When they got there they found it deserted. The full moon lit up the waterfront. They could see the beach. At least they would be able to see where they were going to leave their clothes

As they stripped, they giggled like school children. Alex stripped down to his briefs. He hesitated. Isabelle soon got down to her bra and panties, and they looked at each other. It was one of those summer nights where the humidity was low, so that although warm, you didn't stick to yourself. Alex skinned off his briefs, and took Isabelle in his arms and kissed her with depth and passion. He unclipped her bra, and it fell between them. She pulled back and let it fall to the ground.

Alex skinned her underpants off next. Naked. Being Naked in a public place, although secluded, was a new experience for both of them. They headed to the water and ran in and got wet. They came up laughing and giggling. Alex pulled Isabelle to him and kissed her. Under the water, her hand found his cock.

She played with it touching its hardness, playing with the smallest tab of foreskin left behind by his circumcision

They Kissed. 

After their Kissed, Isabelle and Alex left the water and went to the bin on the beach that held clean monogrammed fluffy towels.

Wrapped in their towels they headed back to their room with their clothing in their arms.

As they entered their room, their towels fell and Isabelle climbed onto the pillows. She then asked about the MP3 player. Alex followed her onto the pillows, and said he had forgotten about it. Climbing on top of Isabelle. 

She pushed him off and asked again. 

Alex told Isabelle that it was tantric part of the weekend. He told her that the options for the tantric part of the weekend included either a tantric coach or an MP3 player. They both did not want a coach, rather he was certain that the MP3 player would be an excellent option.

"Put it in." 

"I wanted to, but you pushed me off." He said as he got up, and headed over to the speaker that had the jack for the MP3 player.

The voice that came to life was androgynous. Soft and soothing but impossible to tell if it was male or female.

The voice began.

"Welcome Isabelle and Alex, to your first Tantric lesson. The purpose of this session is to build up the energy between you. Remember that Tantric Sex is both physical and spiritual. All too often we focus on the end goal. Tonight we will focus on the journey. Remember it is easier to find bliss when we focus on the whole experience from food and drink to each other's body. A big part of the journey is discovery. Have you ever looked at your partner? Really looked at your partner? "

Alex wrapped Isabelle in his arms, and they snuggled in to listen.

"The male or Sadhaka should begin. You should both disrobe for the next portion."

Alex looked at Isabelle and she nodded. Soft music came from the speakers.

"Lay your Shakti on her back. Then look into her eyes,"

Alex did. Then made googly eyes at his Isabelle. She smacked him and told him to pay attention.

"There is no time, only the now. As we are building sexual energy, the most difficult part of this exercise will be restraint. You may wish to achieve orgasm at the end of it, but as part of learning, you should postpone. It won't be long." 

Alex made more googly eyes at Isabelle and received another smack for his troubles.

"Enjoy now with your partner."

Alex settled in and looked into Isabelle's eyes, she returned his gaze and then it softened into the gaze that she had reserved only for him.

"Take a tour of your goddess' body. Goddess, your joy is in sharing your true feelings about how you feel about who you are. Tell him about you. Tell him about your hair; curly or straight; love it or hate it; share with him."

Alex Ran his fingers through her hair, while Isabelle spoke to him. She opened up to him. She spoke of All the insecurities that Isabelle had with her hair, the music continued, Alex realized if Isabelle was willing to let her guard down then he could as well. As he touched her mane, he told her he loved her hair the way it flowed, the way it looked, the way it smelled. He loved their Saturdays when he washed it. He loved the rare occasions when she let it dry wild after a shower. 

Alex continued to extol the virtues of Isabelle's hair, and how much he loved it, when the speaker interrupted. They came back to themselves.

"Now on to the face. Take your time, examine every nook and cranny, eyes, lips, nose teeth."

And they did.

And they continued, Afterwards they couldn't say if the MP3 player continued to guide them or if they ventured on their own. Isabelle guided Alex through a tour of her entire body, the parts she loved and the parts she hated. She told him truthfully and honestly which parts were more sensitive to touch and which were less. 

Alex drank from this knowledge.

He learned, that her breasts were not as sensitive as he had thought, but her ribcage was. He learned just how sensitive the spot at the base of her spine was. Then he examined her vagina, a vagina he thought he knew so well, he learned. He was able to study this most intimate part of his beautiful wife. As there was no penetration or orgasm in their immediate future, the normal pressure seemed absent. He played and learned how her outer lips completely enclosed her inner lips, how the hair grew, where it was thickest; he studied her clitoris, how the hood withdrew when he spread her lips.

When they were done, they settled in. Alex had a raging erection and Isabelle's thighs were slick from her excitement.

Eventually, with great difficulty they fell asleep.

~~*~~

Alex Awoke at 4:30 with a raging hard on.

He leaned over and wrapped his Isabelle in his arms. As they spooned, she soon woke with the insistence of his erection pressed into her backside. She reached around behind her and fondled it.

"Good Morning." She said as she fondled the spongy head of his cock.

"Not really. We are doing the yoga remember?" 

Alex responded.

"Ahh. Poor Baby, did you want to take care of that?"

"Nope, it's part of the sexual energies we are supposed to be building."

So they got up and got dressed. As Alex was dressing in a pair of shorts, Isabelle saw just how hard he was. "That must be uncomfortable." 

She remarked.

"They say it will be worth it." Alex responded as he slipped his erection into his yoga shorts. The tip still stuck out the top. "It will go down as we head to class." Alex quipped.

Off they headed.