 She inhaled deeply as she shut off her car in the parking lot of the hotel. Three hours of loud music and fast speeds and she'd made it. The corporate retreat was only two days, but it was two days she needed badly. Two days away from home, from that small town she was stuck in, from that house where the walls were caving in on her more each day. Out here, in the mountains, she could breathe. And she did. As she locked the car doors she took another deep breath and let it out slowly, deliberately. A smile spread over her face as she followed the aspens up to the sun and squeezed her hazel eyes shut. When she opened them again, she saw him. Walking in to the hotel lobby with a bag slung over those broad shoulders, he didn't notice her at first. But he must have felt her staring, because he turned before going in and smiled at her, waving slightly. Oh, that bright smile. It lit her up every time, sparking a fire deep in her belly. And the hands that waved at her- she could feel them running up and down her back. He was wearing a pair of khakis that would look much better on the floor of her hotel room, and a simple shirt that showed off his impossibly toned chest. A slight shiver ran through her.

After a welcome speech that lasted 10 minutes too long and put half the group to sleep, they broke for the evening. Although everyone was expected to join in with the evening activity, she slipped out of the windowless old conference room and found her way to the bar.

Three margaritas in, and there he was. It was the first time they'd talked all day, and she realized she had missed him. He appeared before her like a light and sat down, and those butterflies that she got when she saw him started fluttering. She was excited for the chance to get to know him better, outside of the office. She was suddenly keenly aware that their knees were lightly touching.

"Hello, beautiful." He sat and indicated to the bartender. She blushed.

"I don't think you can call me that, I am HR, after all." She winked. "Better behave."

The bartender had made his way over and was staring at them expectantly.

"Two more of whatever she's having," he peered down at her drink. "Scratch that- it has an umbrella in it. I'll take a beer." She laughed and leaned in closer. "So, tell me- what's your story? I want to hear it all."

When the bar shut down they stumbled out into the cool air. Even with the trees reaching so far into the sky, there were a million stars and the sound of the creek provided a peaceful soundtrack for the walk she had just proposed.

She laced her arm through his, and led him away from the hotel. He had asked where they were going, and she had replied with a cliché but simple "I know a place."

They walked silently down the hill, towards the rushing water. Her heart rushing just as loud through her body. She guided him toward the bench that was partially hidden by the trees, the same bench she'd discovered on her last trip up there, where she'd sat and contemplated life, and love, listening to the same rush of the same creek. It felt so familiar, and the nervousness she often felt when she was around him melted away.

They sat closely to each other. Little puffs of cold air escaped their lips as they discussed the weather, the retreat, and the next day. Small talk. And then he said it.

"So, I have a confession."

"Ooh, those are my favorite. Do tell!" She turned her body to face him.

"I can't get you out of my mind. I know I shouldn't be thinking of you like that, but I am. And I can't stop. Tell me how to stop."

Her heart was racing and she could feel her cheeks flush. For once, she was speechless. He continued, hesitantly. "I'm actually kind of crazy about you."

She let out a breath she didn't know she was holding. Her eyes danced back and forth between his and she pursed her lips as she chose her next words carefully. They were simple. "I'm kind of crazy about you too."

The elevator was bright and slow and they played a game of stealing glances at each other and then quickly looking away, half flattered, half embarrassed and half in the bag. When the doors opened, they headed down the hallway and stopped at her door. He started to follow her in but stopped.

"I think I should go." He said cautiously. She laughed to her herself. Of course he did. He was the logic to her spontaneity. That's why they worked so well together.

"How about tonight, let's not be logical. Let's just...be." She walked to him and cocked her head to the side, lightly touching his chest.

Standing that close together, she realized how tall he was. She followed her gaze up until she had her eyes on his and rose up on her toes. She was barely breathing as she brushed her lips against his, so lightly that it could have not happened at all. She drew back for a moment, waiting. Suddenly his lips were on hers, much more deeply, and as she flung her arms around his neck and pulled him close he slid his hands under her skirt and lifted her up, wrapping her legs tightly around him. He carried her swiftly through the door and across the room, his lips never leaving hers, kissing her with an undeniable urgency. 

With one quick motion he was sitting in the arm chair next to a small desk, and she landed hard on his lap. He moaned softly as she pulled back from his mouth. His eyes were closed, so she put her forehead to his.

"Open your eyes." She commanded. His eyes were wild when he looked at her. He was not used to her being so direct. And he liked it. A lot.

She took his hands in hers and brought each on to her lips. She kissed his palms, never unlocking her eyes from his, and then laid each hand gently on her breasts. He could feel the heat start rising up inside him, but didn't move, or break her gaze. Slowly, she guided his hands down the sides of her body, resting them on the tops of her legs. He didn't need any guidance from there. His fingertips slid up her legs, under her skirt, and as he dugs them into her thighs she squealed in delight. She grabbed the back of his head and pulled him close. She spoke so softly he wasn't sure he heard her right. "Fuck me." She whispered. "Hard."