 Dear Readers,

Thank you for all your support and comments. It reads better if you start at part 1. As always comments are always appreciated.

~~*~~

Alex awoke at 4:30 with a raging hard on.

He leaned over and wrapped his Isabelle in his arms. As they spooned, she soon woke with the insistence of his erection pressed into her backside. She reached around behind her and fondled him.

"Good Morning." She said as she played with the spongy head of his cock.

"No. We are doing the yoga remember?" Alex responded.

"Ahh. Poor Baby, did you want to take care of that?"

"Nope, it's part of the sexual energies we are supposed to be building."

So they got up and got dressed. As Alex dressed in a pair of shorts, Isabelle saw just how hard he had become. "That must be uncomfortable." She remarked.

"They say it will be worth it." Alex responded as he slipped his erection into his yoga shorts. The tip still stuck out the top. "It will go down as we head to class." Alex quipped.

Off they headed.

When they arrived at the class, it was different than the yoga classes they had participated in previously.

The Yoga matts were round and quite large. They saw Jill and Joe from the night before and they were sharing a matt, facing each other. They said hello, but were focused on each other, so no more conversation took place.

Isabelle and Alex sat facing each other, staring into each other's eyes. Then Isabelle's eyes melted the way they did for Alex. He got lost in them.

The instructor showed up at 5:00 and began. After 5-6 minutes of warm up they moved into partner poses which Isabelle and Alex were able to do with relative ease. The fact that they were devoted to their own yoga practice had helped.

First Alex assumed a Down-dog position and Isabelle leaned against him in a back bend. They switched, it was much more challenging for Isabelle to support Alex's weight, but she told him afterwards, she loved the fact that he demonstrated his trust for her.

Isabelle went into wheel pose, which Alex had never been able to do, but he supported her back with a strap adding a stretch. They alternated into seated forward and back bends, adding the stretch by gently sitting on the back of their partner.

The yoga went for an hour, at the end when they went into final relaxation the couples held hands and bonded. With the serenity of the yoga and the sounds from the river, some fell asleep. Alex and Isabelle silently got up and left.

"That was wonderful." Isabelle said as they closed the studio doors.

Alex wrapped his arms around her and they headed back to their rooms. They turned on the MP3 player back in and advanced to track 2.

Again soothing background music filled the room, and the soothing voice came on.

"Welcome to Lesson 2."

"We hope you enjoyed lesson 1, and we hope this lesson is as exciting. Again in this lesson you will bring joy to each other, but Shakti, the goddess will orgasm during this session."

Isabelle looked at Alex with concern, but Alex was concentrating on the audio.

"Let's begin. Wrap your goddess in your arms and gaze into her eyes. Tell her what you see."

The MP3 music went on, but the voice was silent.

Alex told Isabelle how he loved her blue eyes, how they sparkled, how much he loved when they softened just for him. He asked her to smile so that the little creases at the sides of her eyes could be played with.

These creases, three of them, appeared when Isabelle was smiling genuinely. It was one of the first things he noticed about her, is that she had two smiles, one when she was placating and one when she smiled genuinely.

Now when she smiled for him, her eyes lit up. He touched each of those creases, loved each of those creases. The voice slowly brought them onto their next task.

"Shiva, you are to undress your goddess, she should be bare before you, slowly and sensually." Again there was a pause in the voice.

Alex took his time undressing his Isabelle. He kissed each body part as it appeared. First as he took her tee off, her shoulders were kissed, then her chest. As he removed her bra, he held and kissed each of her breasts, each of the nipples.

Isabelle relaxed into Alex as he kneeled and took off her bottoms and her panties. Before they had come he had trimmed her pubic hair to her liking. A small triangle of reddish brown hair sat above the puffy outer lips of her vagina. When he removed the deep blue panties, he could smell her sex. She was aroused. He ran his hands up her thigh to the crease between leg and vagina lips. He felt wetness between her legs.

She was frustrated from last night as well.

As she stripped, Alex stood and danced with her. He wrapped her in his arms. The voice continued:

"Kiss your Shakti, Kiss her deeply, to bring her to bliss, you will only use your mouth."

And he did. There were more words, but they were lost. Within a minute the words ceased, and the music continued.

Alex took Isabelle gently by the face, looked into her eyes and kissed her. He laid her on the bed explored her body with his mouth.

He worshipped all of her body. From the smallest blemish that she had mentioned during their tour, to the sensitive ribcage he had discovered, her body, now more familiar than ever, became his playground. He took time, lots of time. He worked his way down to Isabelle's vagina and spread her lips, using only his tongue. He kissed and licked the wetness already there. He inhaled deeply and breathed Isabelle in.

Isabelle was quivering. Last night tour, and how Alex paid attention had her hips squirming before he found her clitoris.

When he did, she gasped.

He realized what he touched and moved away from it. He continued to kiss and lick the outer lips. Then flicked her clitoris again.

She gasped again.

This time he settled with his head between her thighs with both his hands under her legs and onto her stomach.

Isabelle found it easiest to come with something penetrating her while Alex played with her clitoris. The fact that Alex used only his mouth didn't stop her from coming this time.

She came. As always, when she did from oral, she became emotional.

Alex took her in his arms and held her.

~~*~~

After Isabelle's orgasm, they snuggled and enjoyed the room. The breeze coming from outside was fresh and still cool as the sun was just up. They lay in their nest of multicolored pillows in their sunken room and just held each other. Isabelle played with Alex. She remarked that she had never seen him that hard.

Every time she moved her hand down his body towards his cock, it would twitch involuntarily. This was new for them, and Alex was as amazed as Isabelle at how sensitive his body felt. Once again Isabelle asked, "Do you want me to take care of that for you." She slowly started to kiss down Alex's chest.

Alex's mind was at a cross roads, he knew where she was going, he wanted her to continue, but he also wanted to see where the retreat's program was going. Isabelle had stopped at his nipples and was flicking them with her tongue. With the denial that Alex had gone through over the last two days, he felt a type of humming in his brain, as she played with his nipples. "hmmmm?" was all Isabelle said, and slowly continued working her beautiful mouth down towards his cock.

Alex felt that he couldn't speak. He felt that if he spoke this humming that had moved from his brain to every nerve in his body would suddenly cease. He wanted it to continue.

Isabelle had his cock in her hand and was leaving a trail of kisses from his navel downwards. She got to his penis and licked the base, licked the spot right where the shaft met his testicles. She pushed with her tongue and got a moan for her troubles. She licked upwards and engulfed him into her mouth. Isabelle took her time, and that time was a long time. This was an expression of their quiet side. There was no power nuances or exchanges in this. She would take him in her mouth and swirl the head of his cock with her tongue. They played and simply enjoyed their time.

Every time Alex got close to orgasm, he would tell Isabelle to stop. He would touch her and hold her. When he calmed down she would go back to making love to his erection with her mouth. Alex was getting the hang of just feeling connected, Not making love for the orgasm, not building from nothing to the crescendo, but rather find a steady state of arousal, and staying there as long as they could.

After a time, Alex lay Isabelle on her back and teased her vagina with his the head of his penis. He penetrated her and they made love. This was a desire to be connected. They looked into each others eyes, they talked, they spoke of all things. It was as if they were sitting having their morning coffee which they'd always made an intimate alone time, but Alex was inside Isabelle. It was magical.

Throughout their marriage, Isabelle had managed a handful of orgasms through intercourse alone. They were always a delightful surprise when they happened, but there was more to the physical stimulation to these powerful orgasms. Alex suddenly and without warning felt Isabelle clamp down on his cock.

She had come.

Alex withdrew and held her. These orgasms were the most emotional of all. Alex held her while Isabelle told him how much she loved him through tears.

After Isabelle had settled, she asked, "What about you? This has to be getting hard." Alex grinned looked down and said: " Oh it is, it is. but not yet. I feel great, except for the erection, which is sore, but will go away with a shower."

They headed to the shower and washed Alex gently scrubbing his wife's body and she his. At the end of the shower Isabelle wasn't convinced that the erection would go down. Alex told her to scoot out of the shower. She did, then she heard him hoot and holler. When he come out, his erection was gone.

Isabelle touched his body and realized that the cold from the cold shower had killed his manhood temporarily.

As they put on the hotel robes, Isabelle thought she had never felt anything this luxurious against her skin. Soft, fluffy and smelling of winter morning, she buried her face in hers and breathed deep.

"Shall we go to breakfast?" Asked Alex.

"Like this?"

"Why not? This place is supposed to be accepting of all. As a matter of fact, from the contract, at no point is nudity supposed to offend us, we may be over dressed."

~~*~~

In their robes, they headed to breakfast, and as Alex had stated, there were a few couples enjoying coffee au-naturel. They broke their fast on beautiful spinach omelets. After breakfast they lounged in their robes and drank their coffee. One of the nude couples wandered by and asked if they could join Isabelle and Alex.

"Yes, of course." Answered Alex.

The couple introduced themselves as Ben and April.

Ben was an older gentleman. He had a decent physique, but by no means was he an Adonis. It was the physique of a man in his late forties who worked keep fit. He had a full head of hair that was cropped short His age was betrayed by the gray trimmed hair on his chest. Isabelle would comment to Alex afterwards that this was the first uncircumcised penis she had ever seen and that she noticed that his pubic area was gray and well trimmed.

April was a larger woman with dark brown hair that matched her eyes. Her breasts were ample but had drooped over the course of her life. Brown large nipples covered the tips of her breasts and her ample behind overhung the chair. As they sat Isabelle noticed that she did not have a single hair on her pubic mound; it was completely bare.

"Going to take in the nude beach today?" April asked.

"I don't know how comfortable we are with the whole idea." Responded Alex.

"We find it connects us to each other. It's funny, we're naked, the people around us are naked, and yes, we look, and we assume they look but once all of the looking is out of the way, we can concentrate on each other. There is no judgment. There is no evaluation. You simply look, get the curiosity out of the way and then you can move on with your day. It's liberating. You should join the people there."

"Is there any sex?" Isabelle joined the conversation.

April responded to Isabelle. "Absolutely not. This is about feeling the sun and water on your body; it's not about sex at all. As a matter of fact erections are discouraged and anything more than a kiss or hug may earn you a talking to from the owner for your first offence and an expulsion for your next."

They continued to chat for a bit, but as the sun was getting higher over the horizon Ben and April wanted to catch as many rays as they could. They excused themselves and headed out. Alex and Isabelle watched them go.

"Wow, They didn't seem to be what I expected of nudists." Said Isabelle.

"What do you think? Give it a go?" Asked Alex.

"I think- I don't know- I maybe want - But what about you? Alex, You are in such a state. I would feel bad if you got an erection. That will almost certainly happen."

"No I don't think so. I've found this new energy, perhaps it was sexual earlier this morning, but it feels more sensual than sexual. It has transformed somehow, I don't know if I can explain it. It's wonderful."

"Alex, do you want to head to the beach?"

"You know baby girl, it's about comfort for both of us. You and I both know being naked is one of my joys. This one has to be your call, and you can't do it for me. It has to be selfish on your part."

"Alex, I want to, but-..." Isabelle trailed off.

"If you want to, truly want to, this is the place. It's private, everyone here is a couple, and there will be no clothed gawkers, while we are naked."

"Let's do it. Deep down it's something I want to do. I feel it is taboo, and way out of my comfort zone. This is the place, and now is the time." Isabelle seemed to be screwing up her courage.

With that they walked back to their rooms and grabbed some beach gear, hats, sunglasses, sunscreen, books, and a ball, then they headed to the beach. There were couples playing frisbee, splashing in the water, sunning, all very normal except they had no clothes on. There were bodies of all shapes and sizes, and for the most part couples were keeping to themselves. They grabbed towels from the bin. They walked for a bit and found a spot with a bit of shade and grabbed a couple of towels from the bin. They laid them out, and looked at each other, and Isabelle said:

"On the count of 3. 1 ... 2... 3″ and took off her robe. Alex followed suit. There they were naked and ...

Disappointed.

Sure, being naked was exciting in it's own way and the sun felt marvelous on bits that hadn't seen the sun since they were 2. The disappointment came from the fact that there was no fanfare, there was no heads turning, the frisbee didn't suddenly hit anyone because they were distracted by the new nude couple. The reaction of the crowd made it like going to any beach and taking off your street clothes, except instead of a swimsuit, you were naked.

They lay down on their towels, chatted and decided to read for a bit. After 15 minutes or so, Alex asked Isabelle if she'd like to go into the water. They got up and walked across the hot sand to the water, their jiggly bits jiggling, again as they looked around they were a little taken aback at the lack of interest the other couples showed in them. Not that they were exhibitionists, it's that it seemed there was a veil of privacy around each of the couples on the beach except for the few that were chatting.

As they their feet got wet the shimmering water felt wonderful on their skin, they walked out to their waists and hugged there. Then they both jumped in. As they surfaced and looked around they realized that April and Ben were right; there were no displays of sexuality anywhere. Isabelle looked at Alex and said:

"This isn't what I expected at all. These people are all here doing their thing, without a thought for the others' nudity around them."

At that moment Alex spotted April and Ben as they were walking knee deep in water. Ben looked them; with a nod from Alex, they came over.

"Well, what do you think?" Asked April.

"Isabelle was just commenting on the fact that it was not at all what we expected. It's - "

"Normal?" Asked Ben.

"Yep," answered Alex.

"We don't want to interrupt your day, we came over to tell you that there is a beach volleyball game that picks up here in the afternoons, if you're interested. Ben always participates." 

Said April.

"We'll see, thanks for the invite." With that, April and Ben continued their walk, and Isabelle and Alex headed back to their spot in the sand. They lay out without toweling off let the sun dry and warm their bodies. Alex looked over at his beautiful wife; was pleased that she was so relaxed; and he told her so:

"You are my everything."

When she looked at him, she gave him a naughty smile.

It was a smile that could not be misinterpreted and immediately sent Alex onto his stomach. 

Isabelle giggled at him and said:

"Oh, Poor baby. It's almost lunch, why don't we head back to the room and see what Lesson 3 has in store."

"Give me a minute."

When Alex had calmed down from Isabelle's teasing they headed back to their rooms.

~~*~~

They arrived in their room and turned to track 3 from their provided MP3 player. The voice began:

"Welcome to part 3. By now, if Shiva, the male, is not used to the process of Tantra, he is beginning to either understand or suffer. This lesson should deepen understanding of maleness and femaleness and the unity of both. Let's begin. Both Shiva and Shakti should disrobe."

The music played while both Alex and Isabelle took off their robes. The gazed at each other in their nakedness; they waited for the voice to return.

"Shiva you should kiss your Shakti." The soundtrack continued.

Alex took Isabelle in his arms and kissed her, told her he loved her. His erection, easily excited from the last two days, immediately began to fill and pulse.

"Now, for the next hour, you as a couple should continue with your lives without touching each other sexually. This is true intimacy. For Shiva is to long for Shakti and desire her, but to deny the urges that come naturally, for her sake. Shakti, you can breathe. You can be bare and exposed and truly enjoy the feeling of freedom knowing Shiva will be full of restraint for the next hour. "

With that the voice faded, and music continued. Alex was semi-erect and smiling. Isabelle was smiling as well. She asked:

"What's with the grin? This could be a long hour."

"No, not really. I think this is something we both want. The beach was an eye opener. I think the ability to be together, naked, bare, intimate, without it leading, or building sexual energy of any type. I like it."

"Ok. What do you want to do then? Watch a movie? Read?"

"Let's watch a movie."

They turned on the TV mounted to their wall and found some unmemorable Rom-Com that neither had heard of. Alex lay in the cushions with Isabelle snuggled into his shoulder. He played with her auburn hair, twirling it. Every once in a while she would make a face as if she were expecting Alex to take a hold and pull her head back. She played absently with the hair on his chest. On occasion when her hand wandered down to his stomach, Alex's hips would thrust forward involuntarily.

Alex and Isabelle both noticed these reactions and realized how long it had been since there had been clean fun nudity with no expectations between them. They vowed that they needed more of this time in their lives.

The hour passed quickly, as they were smiling, and giggling at some idiocy on the TV, the voice came back on.

"It is time for Shiva to have his first release; lesson 4."

With that Alex got up and headed to the MP3 player and turned it off and said:
