 It was a cool Saturday evening in June when everyone began to arrive at the resort for the reception. Orlando that time of year was normally quite warm, but that evening was quite comfortable. The resort hotel was huge, large enough to hold several events. Joseph was there for a conference, and as he walked from his hotel room down to the main corridor, he was wowed by how large the building was. He went to the ballroom where the reception was being held. Several executives were there, with drinks already in hand. 

Joseph went to the bar and asked for Coke and whiskey. He perused throughout the room, shaking hands with some of the executives and other acquaintances that were there. He had recently been named president of a small bank, the first black person, and at 30, the youngest ever to hold that office in this particular bank, and was receiving congratulations and well-wishes from the attendees. He got bored after a while, so he decided to step out of the room for a bit and wander around the resort.

There was a bar down at the other end of the resort with a television, so he decided to head down there to catch the score on the Mets-Braves game. As he walked, he saw a group of people outside a room, several of whom were dressed in tuxes and formal wear. It was probably a wedding reception, he thought to himself. As he strolled toward the bar, there was a woman coming toward him. He casually glanced at her. He didn't want to stare, but she was very attractive. He smiled at her, and she returned the smile. He said hello, and walked on by, when it hit him that she looked familiar. He turned around at the same time she did.

"Angela?" he asked.

"Joseph?!"

"It really IS you! What are you doing here? How are you?" He was absolutely shocked to see her; so shocked, he stood there and stared.

She walked toward him and hugged him for a good 20 seconds. She too was speechless. She hadn't seen him since they graduated from college.

"What are YOU doing here?" she asked.

"I'm in town for a conference. We're down in Ballroom A. WOW! It's so good to see you! What are you doing here?"

"I live here now, and I'm here tonight to attend my boss's wedding. His first wife died a few years ago, and he's getting married again. It's so good to see you too! I can't believe it!" She rubbed his arm as she talked.

"What are the odds of us running into each other like this? This is amazing!" he said.

"Pretty small, eh? How's your conference going?"

"It's just started. There is a reception tonight, and workshops tomorrow and Monday. Then I head back to Virginia."

"It is so good to see you! I'd love to talk to you some more. I'm bored with the wedding reception."

"Well, I was bored too. I was just heading to the bar to check the score on a baseball game. Would you like to come up to my room? It'd be quieter than the bar."

"Sure!"

They went up to his room, where he hung up her sweater, and offered her a seat. He took off his suit coat and tie, and hung them in the close too. She sat in one chair, and he sat in the other chair. She was beautiful, more so than he remembered during college days. Angela had dirty blonde hair that complimented her hazel eyes. It was in a French twist, and she had tendrils coming down on either side that beautifully framed her face. She was dressed in a simple outfit: a black skirt that hung a couple inches above her knees, a tight white shirt, and black & white baby-doll shoes with no hose. Joseph and she sat down and reminisced old times. 

As she told him about what was going on in her life over the past few years, he couldn't help but half-listen to her. He was mesmerized by how radiant she was, and all he could think of was what it would be like to hold her. She talked about post-college life, and her three-year-old son, and her ex-husband, and her current job. She talked about her desire to finish law school so she could get a higher-paying job to better take care of herself and her son.

They had not talked in awhile, not at least since college. They had been friends but had drifted apart until this chance meeting. He asked her several questions about her life, and they traded questions and answers about various mutual friends of theirs. He was enjoying her company, and he sensed that she was enjoying his as well.

"So, are you seeing anyone?" he asked.

"No," she said, "it's been really hard to find the right one, you know?"

"Yeah, I know what you mean."

"It would be nice to have someone to hold me close, and ask me how my day was, and actually care. Little light kisses would be nice, and candlelight dinners and wine, and so on. But enough about me. What about you?"

"You're not seeing anyone?" he asked, genuinely surprised. Damn, this woman is fine, he thought.

"No, and I hate to admit it, but sometimes the house seems just a bit lonely. Plus, a girl's got needs, if you know what I mean." She leaned a bit forward when she said the last part, and he didn't miss her point at all.

"I know EXACTLY what you mean," he said with a smirk. "A guy has needs too. It's been awhile."

"How long?"

"Eight months. My ex-girlfriend and I broke up seven months ago. We weren't right for each other, and it took too long to finally admit that. But I'm glad that we're not together anymore. We were just miserable during the last month or so."

She looked at him, and she felt sorry for him. The sadness in his voice appealed to her sense of compassion, and she wanted to comfort him.

"What was she like?" she asked.

"When we first started out, she was cool. We had some common interests, and we would hang out, you know? We'd go dancing every once in a while, and we'd do different things together, but our personalities were not that compatible. She was headstrong and a little too emotional for me."

"How was she in bed?" she asked.

His face flushed at her forward question, and laughed a nervous laugh. "What? 'How was she in bed?' What kind of question is that?"

"Aw, come on. It's not a bad question. We used to tell each other all kinds of things. You can tell me. So, was she?"

He was at once both embarrassed and intrigued at her forwardness. "Well, I have to admit that she was good. She was very good, in fact, and that made it harder to break up with her."

"What did you guys do?"

"Isn't that kinda personal?"

"Aw come on. It's just me. I just wanna know. Seeing as I'm getting none, I have to at least experience it through you." She got up from her seat, and sat down on the arm of his chair, draping her arm on the back of the chair. "Tell me, tell me, tell me, please?" She put on her best sad sympathetic face, and he couldn't resist.

"Well, alright, since you asked nicely. We did the usual, you know. Missionary, and other positions."

"Did she give good head?"

"Well, she was decent. She never made me cum from that, but it still felt good…."

He told her more, since she wanted details. As he was talking, he couldn't help but notice her nipples poking out from underneath her shirt. Being polite, he was trying not to stare, but the tight white shirt did little to hide the evidence. His describing of his past sex life combined with seeing her nipples was starting to turn him on.

"….but as good as it was, I had to break up with her. It's been eight months since I've been with anyone."

"You poor baby!" she replied. She leaned down and kissed him. He was a bit surprised, but warmly returned her kiss. "It's been awhile for me too," she said. "Sometimes I think it would be nice to have someone on call, for the express purpose of fulfilling my needs."

"I haven't exactly been looking, but you know, if the opportunity presents itself…"

"Like right now?" she interrupted.

"Well, uh, uh, yeah, I guess so," he stammered.

"You GUESS SO? You tell me about all the things you did with your fingers and tongue, and about your eight-month hiatus, and all you can say is 'you guess so'?"

"But what about protection?" He was a bit sheepish in saying it, but he really wanted her. She leaned down again and kissed him, and as she did, he pulled her closer to him, and returned her kiss with equal passion. He began to rub her back as they kissed, and the more he rubbed, the more compassionate she became in his arms. Between kisses, she managed to mumble that she was on the Pill, so it would be okay.

They got up out of the chair, and they enveloped each other. She pulled him closer to her, kissing him, and running her tongue along his bottom lip. As she did, she could feel his rock-hard erection against her. She slipped off her shoes, and he reached around to unzip her skirt. It fell to the floor instantly, and she kicked it off to the side. Still kissing, he continued caressing her, and fondling her ass. What a nice ass, he thought. He cupped both cheeks with his hands and slowly kneaded them. They were bare, thanks to the Victoria's Secret thong she was wearing.

She pressed herself closer to him as they kissed. For whatever reason, she had shaved herself "down there" a few days ago, and she was so glad she did, though the wetness between her legs felt more evident, and the throbbing seemed more intense.

They stopped briefly so that she could undo his belt buckle, and release his rock-hard manhood from the bondage of his pants. He kicked off his shoes and let his Dockers and boxer briefs fall to the floor. She knelt before him, and taking his cock in her hand, she took about half of it in her mouth. She suckled it hungrily, as if she were starved for it. He was rather thick, and she loved every inch of it. As he ran his fingers through her hair, she ran her tongue all around the head of his cock, and licked the underside. She startled him with that maneuver, so she knew she had hit a sensitive spot. She worked him over, alternating between sucking on him and licking him. She took one of his balls and sucked on it gently. It was driving him wild, as his moans of pleasure seemed to indicate. Before too long, he was feeling the urge to cum. He wasn't ready to cum yet though.

He pulled her to her feet, and helped her remove her shirt and bra. Her full and soft 36C breasts sprang free, and he admired the hardness of her nipples. He laid her on the end of the king-sized bed, with her legs dangling over the edge. The wetness between her legs glistened in the light, and he was all too eager to add to the wetness. He kneeled on the floor, and spread her legs. "Just lay back and enjoy," he said. "Oh, I will!" she immediately replied with a smile. Her words gave way to a low moan, as he tenderly licked her labia, and ran his tongue up and down the hood over her clitoris.

He flickered his tongue over her clit, which drove her wild. Her moans interchanged with gasps, and her back arched almost involuntarily. She spread her legs wider to give him more access. She loved the way his tongue felt down there. No man had done that before quite the way Joseph was right now. His tongue explored her clit, and the crease between her thigh and her vagina. He slid his tongue all around her, and when he tickled that spot between her pussy and her anus, she jumped. It was so intense.

He slid his finger inside her, not needing to moisten it because she was soaking wet. He rubbed her G-spot softly while he licked on and around her clit. The sensation she felt was indescribable. She had not experienced anything like that before. She was on air, and floating higher. He began to alternate between her G-spot and her clit, and before long, she felt the wave come over her. Her body tightened up and she grabbed onto the bed. His rubbing and licking sped up as she did, and in a few seconds, her orgasm took complete control of her body. She let out a low scream as her vagina began to convulse. For a few seconds, she was totally lost in orgasmic bliss. He continued rubbing her G-spot as she came, and just when she started to calm down, another powerful orgasm hit her. Wave after wave after wave came over her, and she seemed to block out the outside world for a bit. When she finally came down, she was in a hot sweat. The afterglow was nice, but she wanted more.

"Oh, I really want you inside me now," she said.

"Oh, really?"

"Yes, I want your cock inside me so bad. Please?"

He moved up and helped her slide farther up on the bed. He stood up long enough to pull off his shirt. His weapon was pointed straight at her bull's-eye. She lay on the bed resting on her elbows, with her legs apart, inviting him to come inside. He crawled onto the bed and positioned himself between her legs and embraced her. They kissed passionately and hungrily. She rubbed her hands over his back and over the back of his neck as they kissed. Their tongues intertwined with each other rhythmically. She stopped long enough to let him know she wanted him inside her, and fast.

He supported himself on his left elbow, and with his right hand, he grabbed his cock and positioned it at the opening of her pussy. She was so warm and wet, and he slid in easily. He pumped in and out, back and forth, very slowly, going in a little deeper each time. He leaned down and kissed her at the same time. She closed her eyes in response, and savored both the feeling of his full luscious lips on hers, and the sensation of being filled. He slid in a bit, and pulled out to the point where just the head of his cock was inside her. She raised her pelvis to meet him on each down stroke. He continued to kiss her, and to slide himself in and out, in and out at a slow but steady pace. She wrapped her legs around him, as if to let him know that he was going nowhere for quite awhile.

He continued his slow and steady pace for a bit longer, but soon that slow pace began to quicken. He positioned himself on his hands, and began to pump faster and faster, with perspiration starting to glisten on his dark forehead. His increase in pace was matched by the increase in the volume of her moans. She was enjoying every inch of him, and the friction made her want him harder, faster and deeper. When his stroking stopped temporarily, she lifted her legs and laid them on his shoulders. He liked that a lot, and he in turn entered deeper into her with each stroke. The pace was not quite as quick as before that, but it felt incredible having him go deep inside her.

They stayed in that position for a few minutes, then he felt the wave coming. He pumped harder and harder, and suddenly the most powerful orgasm overtook him. His face contorted as if he were in pain. He grunted and strained, his whole body tensing up, as every ounce of his being went into pumping his cum into her. The commotion he caused soon brought her to yet another orgasm, and they came together.

When their breathing subsided, she decided that she would give him a rest. He lay on his back, and she got on top of him. She stood over him, and lowered herself in a squat over his crotch. Taking his hot and wet cock in hand, she lowered herself onto him, and slid all the way down. Supporting herself by holding onto his shoulders, she locked eyes with him as she pumped away. She was surprised that he was still hard, but she loved it. He responded to her gaze with a smile, a smile that spread across his entire face. He reached up and massaged her breasts while she worked him. He had a breast in each hand, firmly kneading them, and playing with her hard nipples. She winced a little when he pinched her nipples, but she liked it, and she told him so.

She paused momentarily, long enough to adjust herself. With him still inside her, she straddled him on her knees, and leaned down over him, so that her breasts pressed against his bare chest. She continued her pace, all the while pressing herself closer to him, and kissing him with soft and light kisses. He ran his fingers through her hair, and up and down the back of her neck. Most women liked to have the back of their necks touched, and she was no exception. She purred with content at the sensation of his hands rubbing all over her back.

As she rocked back and forth over him, she couldn't help but think to herself how good she felt. It had been a while since she had last been with a man, and even longer since it was this good. She was in heaven, and at the moment, she could not be happier. She leaned up, placing her hands on his chest, and rode him like a horse. He loved the way that felt, and soon he was on his way to another orgasm. She smirked at the expression on his face, but she really loved the fact that she could make him feel that way.

Having been worn out by such a vigorous lovemaking session, she lay on top of him, their breathing almost in sync with each other. She totally had not planned for this to happen at all; after all, she had not seen him in years. They were just friends, though she had always had a little thing for him, and she suspected that he had a thing for her too. The spontaneity of the evening, however, did wonders for her. She loved being this close to him, sharing his warmth, wrapped in his firm but gentle embrace, and basking in the afterglow of a wonderful night.