 He was the class brain and a rebel. I was raised in a very strict household. Somehow we always seemed to be assigned to sit next to each other in classes. As young teens do, we fought and fussed all the time, meanwhile growing more and more attracted to each other. We became best friends; both loved to read, same taste in books, both of us different and not fitting in with our classmates. By our senior year, we were madly in love, and had a wonderful summer fling. We shared some of the sweetest and hottest kisses I ever remember, but never had the opportunity to do more. Then college and the army interfered, and we went our separate ways. 

We lost touch with each other, but he was never far from my thoughts. I had tried to find him at times over the years, but never had any luck. As the years passed, I found myself thinking about him more and more. Every time I saw old high school friends, I asked about him, but no one I talked to seemed to know where he was. I joined one of those class reunion websites, but he wasn't listed. I did people searches, telephone listings, address lookups - found lots of other people with his name, but not the one I wanted. Eventually, I got another email from the reunion website about new member listings - and his was the first name I saw! I didn't even bother looking at the rest of the list. I emailed him right away. I was on pins and needles for three days waiting for a response.

Finally I heard from him. We emailed and IM'd for a few weeks, getting more and more personal and flirtatious each time. I thought about him constantly. We started talking on the phone; his voice was exactly as I remembered it - deep and sweet. Every time I talked to him, I would get so hot and horny I had to stroke my pussy while we were talking. The feeling was still the same; I wanted him! 

We set up a time to meet; we each had to come up with a logical reason for going out of town for a couple of days to satisfy our mates. I was already at the hotel, watching out the window, when he pulled in the parking lot on his bike. Like me, he had added a few extra pounds over the years, but he still looked good. Long blonde hair, beard, and a mustache - just looking at him made my blood boil. By the time he got to the door, my pussy was dripping. He opened the door, and I didn't even give him a chance to say hello. I flung my arms around him and our mouths immediately found each other. We kissed and groped each other just like teenagers, unwilling to wait to explore each other. We fell on the bed, humping each other, ripping clothes off, tongues devouring each other. I pushed him over on his back and sat astride his chest. I told him I had waited for years to make love to him and I wasn't waiting another second! I pulled his pants down, and out sprang the most beautiful cock I've ever seen, throbbing and begging me to taste. I took him all the way down my throat - god, his cock tasted better than I had ever imagined! Velvety smooth, shaved balls . . . I sucked and nibbled on his rock hard cock, my pussy getting wetter and wetter. I took his hand and started rubbing my pussy with it, feeling his fingers pump in & out of my love hole, rubbing my clit with his thumb. My pussy exploded right then, grabbing his fingers and sucking them in. 

I climbed up and settled my pussy over his face. He started teasing me, flicking my clit with his tongue, then sucking it between his teeth. His tongue was dancing in & out of me, his beard and mustache tickling my pussy. It didn't take long for me to get dripping wet again. I ground my pussy into his face, holding on the headboard, watching him eat my steaming pussy. He sucked my clit harder and harder. He reached up and caressed my heavy D cup tits, pinching my nipples, making me groan with the electric feelings. I reached down and stuck my finger in his mouth, strpking his so very talented tongue. Finally I could stand it no more. I came, with great, shuddering spasms. My juice coated his face. I watched him lap up my cum juices with a big grin on his face. Before my spasms stopped, he had rolled me over and lay on top of me, the head of his gorgeous cock seeking my pussy. 

He plunged into me, grinding against my clit, filling me with his long thick cock. He leaned down and sucked my tits into his mouth, flicking his tongue across my nipples until I was begging him to cum. My pussy sucked him in deeper and deeper. He exploded into me, pumping wave after wave of thick hot cum, yelling out my name. 

We lay exhausted, his cock softening in me. He kissed me, stroking my tongue with his. "I sure am glad we didn't invite anyone else to this reunion," he said. "I would hate to have to share you with anyone else!" 

He rolled over and began stroking me all over with his gentle hands. He licked his way down my body. Before long, his cock was rock hard again. My pussy cried out for him to touch me again. I straddled him, and slid slowly down his hard cock. I rocked my hips, rubbing my clit against his pubic bone, feeling the friction beginning to build the pressure of a mind-blowing orgasm. When I came, I screamed with pleasure. It felt like my pussy was on fire! He slammed up into my pussy, faster & faster, until he shot another load of cum. 

We were so relaxed that we cuddled and napped for a few hours. When we woke up, we talked and talked, mostly about what we had been doing over the years. As we talked, he stared at my tits. "I don't remember those being so big" he said. "Are they real?"

"Can't you tell?" I laughed. "They're very soft. I don't think the fake ones are. Maybe you just need to check them out a little more closely."

He took my suggestion immediately. He rubbed and squeezed my tits gently, sucking my nipples as he did. His cock gradually came to life again. As he loved my breasts, I began stroking his firm cock, feeling his heavy balls fill my palm. This time, we made love slowly, savoring every touch, postponing the ultimate consummation. Finally, he slowly slid his cock in me, making each stroke a little bit deeper, until I finally could not wait another second. I grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled him into me completely. We came together, both of us lost in the sensations of that moment. 

Afterwards, we lay together in a tangle of limbs and sweaty sheets. We dozed, waking up at times to simply stare at the other's face. We made a promise to each other that we would never lose touch again, no matter what. And we haven't. Now he lives with me, and all I have to do is look at him across the room and I'm reminded that good things really do come to those who wait!