 He had left in July.  

And now she was going to see him in just a few days. 

Her lips tingled at the thought. 

They had been in email contact and talked on the phone, which had been great to hear his voice, but afterwards it made her giddy and gave her such a yearning that it made it difficult to concentrate on anything. Just thinking about him gave her goose bumps and a throbbing in her mound, distracting her further. Numerous times she had pleasured herself on this thought alone and often woke up wet and longing for his long slender hands to caress her breasts and delve into her wetness. She imagined their reunion over and over and the sexual anticipation - she wondered if she would last the 11 hour flight. The past few weeks had been a mixture of extreme sexual anticipation, self-pleasure and vibrant daydreams. She imagined their 2 weeks together and fantasized seeing him naked again, having him hold her and kiss her, fondle her and make her come all over him. 

She imagined kissing him.... 

She'd cup her hands to his face, breath deeply and trace his lips with the tip of her tongue. She'd circle his mouth with her tongue ever so gently, once, twice three times. She would feel his pulse quicken as he drew her nearer. Both would be breathing deeply and as she sucked on his bottom lip he would groan and grab her head closer. She'd slide her tongue into his mouth and thrust it in and out, wet and hot. 

Tension rising. Tension building. Tension almost bursting.

She imagined their meeting.... 

Both still clothed, he laid her onto the bed. Her erect nipples aching to be sucked and released from her underwear were teased as he circled her laced breasts with his hot mouth, lips tentative, desire definite. She was wet and the pulse was back in her inner lips. His curls grazed her cheek and eye lashes as she writhed, pulling him closer, biting his ear lobe. 

They locked eyes as she reached for his pants and unzipped him. She started to stroke his hard member, pre-cum moistening his boxers. He was straddled her now, sitting upright and on top of her mound. Slowly he started to un-button his shirt, one finger, one button at a time. 

She lay there, admiring his long fingers and longed for them to be in her, teasing her pussy, taunting her clitoris and relieving her of the building pulsation. She shuddered, and closing her eyes she started to slowly, quietly, almost unnoticeably gyrate her pelvis below him, she smiled.

She teased her hand down his chest, his nipples in tune with her own, tracing around them, smiling at the goose bumps and the small shiver he gave. She sat up, laced breasts touching his bare chest, she gently leaned in and licked his nipples. Their wet lips met again, more passionately this time as he flipped her over to sit on top of him. My god, she thought she was going to explode with anticipation, his hard cock vertical between her legs, the pulsing in her cunt accelerating now she lifted slightly so as to sit on him. 

Moist lace knickers and wet boxers between them, she slowly, methodically started to gyrate on him. God that felt good, she had longed for this moment feeling the heat rising within her, the pulsating becoming rapid, rubbing on her clitoris she could feel more wetness from him as his pace quickened below her. She traced an index finger up his lean torso, and circled his lips before entering his mouth. Sucking her finger wet, she pulled back and slowly with the other hand pulled her panties to one side revealing bare naked lips. 

She massaged the top of her mound with her wet finger and leaning back on one hand masturbated in front of her man. She came quickly and intensely feeling the pulsing quicken and muscles tighten, a look of lust in his eyes as he ripped her knickers off and threw her face down on the bed. 

She knew what was coming and grinning, he pulled her up into rear position, perched on all fours. She got pleasure from the vulnerable feeling and as he sat behind her, he stroked her soft naked lips. Admiring the view he grabbed himself and fondled his strong cock. She turned to watch him holding himself, whilst fingering her from behind. The sight made her shudder - God how she wanted him. Reaching over, she took the hot oil off the bed side cabinet and emptied it onto his chest. It run down his chest and overflowed onto his fist. He was sitting back on his knees when she turned fully to face him. She was dying to taste him and have him in her mouth. 

Still on all fours she lowered her face into his lap and nuzzled his glistening cock. The soft smell of baby oil bought back memories of their time together and she groaned. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back in anticipation of what's to come. She licked the tip of his member and he slammed his palm onto the mattress in desire, groaning and caressing her hip with his free hand. She pressed her lips to the tip of his penis and let out a puff of hot air. Working her way around his member, moving down the sides and around the base before she let out another puff of hot air and gently took his boys into her mouth. His grip tightened on her buttock and she could feel his back arch. Sucking and rolling his balls around in her mouth felt good and she could feel a stream of wetness seep out between her own legs. He noticed too and held her inner thigh as she focused her attention to his shaft. She did like the look of his member, soft, pink and extremely hard as she fondled it with her hand. 

Looking into his eyes before teasing his shaft with sensual licks, she covered his shaft with her mouth and lowered down onto him. He gasped and she could feel his grip tighten on her thigh, encouraging her to move faster, tighter and longer up the full length of his cock. His heat rising and her heart beat quickening, she grasped the base of his shaft as he leaned in and massaged her breast. Their bodies were silken and glistening with baby oil. 

With one agile swing, he pulled her around and she could feel him move in behind her and encase her body with his warmth. She could smell him as he kissed her back and with one passionate thrust he entered her. They both cried out in desire and the overwhelming feeling of heat, and yearning for each other as they thrust, he thrust into her deeper and with more desperation and angst. He fucked her hard from behind, her back arching with pleasure and the erotic thought of being at his mercy. She loved that and she moaned in pleasure when he slapped her buttocks. 

His thrusts were powerful and all encompassing, taking her over, emptying her head, only thoughts on the intensity growing once again inside her. She reached through and touched his balls, tightening at her touch he let out a moan and pushed his chest to her back. Both were hot and moisture between them made their bodies glide and shimmer. 

She didn't want him to stop, this growing intensity overwhelming her, god she had missed this, she had missed him. Their pace, fucking in unison, became faster and he grabbed her arse again, slapping it and groaning out loud, getting faster and more powerful, more intense, harder, frantic and one last pound as they caved and came together. Throbbing, breathless and wet, their nerve endings wrecked, she could feel her intimate contractions around his hot member as he filled her with cum. Breathing heavily they lay there, his body on hers, still inside her they lay for a while. He kissed her neck and she reached for his hand as he rolled off and pulled her into his arms. There they lay, post coital and glowing.

It was July when he had left....and she would see him in just a few days. Her lips tingled at the thought....

She couldn't wait.