 Life was looking up. Last week Kate had blown my mind as well as my cock. And just the other night I had photo shoot with another girl – Veronica -. After the Sarah and Kate experiences, I'd been almost anticipating that something might happen other than photography with Veronica. Then again, I didn't mind either way. If I got some great shots, that really was pretty much enough for me. And I kept reminding myself not to get ahead of myself – the last thing I wanted was to try something on and be rejected. That would be instant 'dirty old man' syndrome. 

I was flipping through the shots Kate had allowed me to keep while I waited for Veronica to arrive. Kate hadn't given me any of the more revealing shots (not to mention the ones where she was rubbing my cum into her skin) but rather a couple of the backlit silhouettes and a few front-on clothed shots. It was interesting now to look at the shadow pics after having been able to get to know Kate a little better. In the shots she looks somehow soft, introspective and even fragile. That's what the shots conveyed, and yet nothing could be further from the truth! The other shots she allowed me to have were when she had her blouse half undone. It was a basic head-and-shoulders, but what a shot! Her blouse hanging open, her lacy bra clearly showing, but it was the look on her face: her eyes, looking straight at the lens, were so full of emotion. What an evocative shot. There was fire, a strange intensity to her gaze; her eyes almost seemed to sparkle! No doubt about it, this was the best work I'd ever done, better even than the shots of Sarah. Better than I thought I was capable of. If the rest of the pictures were like this, I'd love to shoot Kate again, I thought. I'd love to shoot on her again, too, I chuckled to myself.

The door bell rang. 

"Hi, you must be Veronica," I said. "I'm David."

We shook hands and I invited her inside. 

She smiled sweetly and put her bag down. This girl was hot! Flowing auburn hair, slim, generous tits, cute face and flashing blue eyes. She was wearing a pink t-shirt, short denim skirt, and white runners. The skirt was short, and she had lovely, long tanned legs – this girl looked stunning. 

"Veronica, would you like a drink? Wine?" 

"Yeah, that'd be great," she said, slumping herself down on the sofa. "I could use a drink - just had an exam today, urrghh!" 

"Yeah, I remember what that was like, though it was a long time ago for me," I said. 

"So, have you had many girls doing this?" she asked as her slender fingers reached for the wine glass. There was a confidence in her voice that belied her youth. She certainly didn't seem to be shy. 

"A few, not that many. I guess it's not for everyone, but like I said over the phone, it's up to you how far you want to take it, and I give you my word that the shots won't leave my possession or be seen by anyone else." 

"Yeah, that's OK. I'm cool with it. Is this where we're doing it?" 

"Yeah, this is it." 

She took another sip of her wine. She reminded me of my college days – the place would be crawling with hot chicks like her, hot young girls with rich daddies, dripping with money. That's what she looked like, a rich kid; it wasn't just the confidence, there was something about her that screamed wealth. She was wearing make up, too, although she scarcely needed to. The shoes were designer, very expensive. I'd been shopping for new gym wear recently and I'd seen those shoes in the store – and how much they cost. Basically more than a week's pay for me. I wondered about her motivations for doing this – judging by appearances she couldn't have been short on cash. 

"Alright, let's begin," I said. 

"OK, what should I do?" 

I looked her up and down. My God, how good would she look topless in that shirt? 

"OK, let's try a topless shot," I said. I was almost surprised at how casually I'd come straight to the point.

"OK," she shrugged. Just like that. As she stood up and peeled the t-shirt off her head. She was wearing an expensive looking white bra with fine lace. Wow. 

"Bra too?" she said. 

"Yes," I said. I watched as her hands went around behind her back to unclasp the garment. She was so casual about it, like she'd done this a million times. Or maybe it was just her self confidence. She had the looks to tempt a Priest, and there was no doubt in the way she moved, the way she looked at me, that she was fully aware of it. 

"How's that?" she said. God, she even gave a little wiggle with her shoulders which made her tits wobble delightfully. And what fantastic tits! Big, firm, round, big nipples. I was already getting a hard on. And the idea of artistic shots was fast going out the window; I really just wanted to have a good old perve on this hot little rich babe. 

"Very nice," I said. "You've got a fantastic body."

"Thank you!" she said with that winning smile. 

And man, did she look good. The short skirt, her long, tanned and perfectly proportioned legs, her slim figure and perfectly rounded boobs, the big nipples jutting ever so slightly upwards. She didn't just look hot; she just oozed sex, a young woman in her prime. One who knows it, and isn't afraid to show it. This was going to be great...

Yet I was struggling to get inspired behind the camera, to come up with that shot that encapsulated what I was seeing. I tried a few different angles but they all felt a bit one dimensional. It was odd. It was like the chemistry just wasn't right. There was certainly a kind of chemistry going on – especially in my pants, because I was a rapidly becoming as hard as a rock. The girl was utterly stunning; the kind of chick that makes men hard simply by walking into a room. But something just wasn't quite gelling. Like maybe when you're on a date with a girl and she's hot, but she's also boring. You want to fuck her because she's so damned cute, but you don't necessarily want to have a conversation with her – but conversing with her is part of the deal. 

Damn it, man, isn't that what this is supposed to be about? Admiring cute young chicks for their bodies but not getting involved with them romantically? Why do even the simplest things have to end up so complicated? 

I shot her topless from a few angles. The shots were great, sexy, but this was not like shooting Kate or Sarah. Jesus man, just get her naked, a voice inside said. 

"OK Veronica, I'd like you to take off your skirt and shoes." 

"OK," she half smiled. 

She slipped off her shoes. Then she turned away from me, unzipped her skirt at the back and bent forward as if to emphasise her obviously perfect ass as she slid the skirt down her hips and legs. God, she was doing this almost like a stripper! 

She was wearing low-cut pink knickers. Her ass, her tits, her skin – all perfect. She could have been a model. Then I got an idea. 

"Veronica, I'd like to shoot you in the shower. But it will mean your panties will get wet. Would that be OK with you?" 

"I guess so," she said. "But if I'm going to get wet, why don't I just take them off?" 

Why not indeed? It's strange how the mind works – I had imagined her under the shower getting wet but the image in my mind definitely had her still in her panties. But she and the pics would look just as good without them, I thought to myself, pondering also the absurdity of my artistic peculiarity. I couldn't imagine any other guy on earth even contemplating such a thought – any man would want her naked all the way. 

I led her into the bathroom and ran the hot water. She was standing close to me in the cramped bathroom. As she bent down to remove her panties, her soft nipples grazed along my shoulder. My cock responded, further soaking my shorts with another small seepage of precum. 

"OK, I'm ready!" she said as she stepped into the shower. She turned and faced me as the water ran down her body. Perfect. I imagined her Amazonian form in some jungle waterfall as the flow of water streamed all over her naked form, her body shinning under the beads and rivers of hot water. The steam of the shower only added to the effect: hot. I started snapping. She grabbed the soap and started soaping up her body, her arms, then her big tits. She was watching me take the shots, smiling. Then she removed the shower head and leaned back against the wall, using the flexible hose to spray the water up and down, all over her body. When she didn't have her eyes closed, they were fixed on me with a sultry stare. She knew how hot she looked, she knew she was turning me on, and she was showing it off for all she was worth. 

She looked into my eyes as her hands dropped down her body. She aimed the shower head at her shaved pussy and leaned back against the wall. With her free hand she started rubbing her clit. Her legs bent a little as her back slid down the wet wall. I couldn't believe the boldness of it. I saw her slip a finger inside as she looked up at me, totally shamelessly, as if to say, as if she was almost challenging me, 'well, what do you think of that?' 

What did I think of her little display? I was almost beyond control. A voice inside me was saying something to the effect of: 'fuck her, go on, fuck this little rich babe - she's asking for it!', and I found it hard to put up an argument against this. I put down the camera and ripped off my shirt. It was a like a declaration of intent – if she wasn't taken aback by that, I would take it as a green light to go further. Yes, I wanted to fuck her badly. It was very strange; almost as though she was taunting me in getting so overtly sexual all of a sudden. In a weird kind of way I had felt she had sabotaged my photo session, because she had come straight to the point, as it were, and therefore she deserves to get fucked up against the shower wall. I pondered on this as she continued to fuck herself with her finger, her eyes running up and down my naked torso. Pondering the ridiculousness of what was going on in my brain as I beheld probably the sexiest display imaginable (not to mention the fact that she was only complying with what I has asked of her), I wondered whether or not I might be in serious need of psychiatric treatment. But my cock was hard and my brain felt like it was overheating; this was not the time for self psychoanalysis. 

I broke open the buckle of my pants. I slid my trousers and shorts down and pulled them off. She watched me do it, her eyes going straight to my erect cock which slapped almost painfully against my abdomen once freed of the elastic of my shorts. I was about to join her under the water when she stood up, leaving the shower head hanging in mid air and spraying away against the shower wall, and came towards me. She walked straight up to me, dripping wet, and grabbed hold of my shaft. 

"Nice cock," she said. "Can I have it?" It was the rhetorical question of the century; no answer required. Somehow we ended up out of the bathroom and onto the carpet in the adjacent hall way. She pushed me down onto the floor and climbed across me, squatting down to lower her cute little pussy over my straining member. The look in her eyes was one of sheer lust, absolute need, as she guided my cock inside her velvet opening. Ohh, yeah, that felt so GOOD! She steadied herself with her feet on the ground and her hands jammed into me shoulders as she began to work her hips up and down, up and down over my cock. I watched, fascinated as my shaft disappeared inside her, then reappeared as she moaned, establishing a rhythm. Her legs were obviously very strong by the way she was riding me. She picked up her pace as I reached up to squeeze her beautiful big tits. Now she was fucking me hard, her wet skin taking on a lustrous sheen under the dim hallway light, as though she was bathed in sweat. I felt the carpet grazing my shoulder blades as she pushed me into the floor, riding me hard, furiously, little moans escaping from her mouth like someone trying to catch their breath after a two-mile sprint. 

All of a sudden it was just too much. I could feel the itch building in my balls; I was about to cum. She was moaning hard now, her angelic face a picture of concentration as she rode me, her tits jiggling, dancing beautifully right before my face. I reached up and grabbed them, squeezing them hard, and she moaned louder. 

"Ohh, Veronica, I'm gonna cum!"

"YES, YES, cum inside me, do it!" she squealed. 

My hips thrust forward as the first wave erupted from my cock, flooding my cum inside her. She sensed it immediately and howled in delight, slamming my head to the floor and kissing me as my hips spasmed, my seed emptying inside her. I felt her muscles gripping me tightly as her tongue invaded my mouth; she was devouring me at both ends. As my orgasm subsided she continued to softly ride me until my cock began to soften. Then she gave me a little kiss, climbed off and headed back into the shower.

I just lay there, exhausted to the point I almost fell asleep. Then she returned from the shower, still naked as she dried herself off. 

"Mmm, that was good," she giggled as she gave my still half-hard cock a little squeeze. "Just what I needed." 

Now she was getting dressed. I dragged myself up off the floor while she finished dressing. 

"Best be off now," she said. "Give me a ring when the pictures are ready." 

I nodded, and then she was gone. 

That was two days ago now. Sitting at the computer going through the shots I'd taken of Veronica, I realized the difference between shooting her and Kate. Veronica did look great, and I had had sex with the girl, what's more, but somehow, from a creativity/artistic point of view, the shots of her just have that, that certain indefinable something. Glancing down at the shot of Kate, I could see it was definitely true; as sexy as Veronica was, through the lens she was somehow one-dimensional by comparison with Kate. Very strange. 

I wondered what Kate was doing. My mind drifted back to the night I spent with her, how she had blown me at the bus stop. Thinking on it now, though it had scared me at the time, that someone might catch us, in retrospect, having my hard cock out on display in the open air, and with a cute blonde chick slurping up and down on it, God, that had been such a wild, horny experience! 

I was getting a hard on just reliving that night in my mind. I wondered how serious she was about the 'arrangement' she'd talked about? I was feeling horny. Was she home right now? I grabbed the phone and dialed her home number. 

"Hello," she said. 

"Hi Kate. It's David, the photographer. How are you?" 

"Fine. What do you want?" she said. Abrupt as ever. 

"Well, the thing is, um..."

"Yes?" 

"Well I'm here at home, and my balls feel quite full, and I'm just wondering if you can help me out." God, the words just tumbled out – I prayed she understood my ham fisted attempt at humor. 

"Alright then, why don't you get over here?" 

"OK, I'll be right there." 

"Don't keep me waiting." 

How good was this, I pondered as I grabbed my coat and sped down the stairs. Kate's house wasn't far from mine, so I was on her doorstep not 15 minutes after I'd hung up the phone. 

She greeted me at the door. 

"Hi David," she said. "How's tricks? Grab a seat. Would you like a drink?" 

"Beer'd be fine, thanks." 

She was dressed in a strange kind of way, wearing that big overcoat she had thrown on before leaving my place after the photoshoot. I settled down into the couch as she went into the kitchen to fetch me a beer. 

"So, have you been taking any more pictures of my girls this week?" she asked from across the kitchen counter. 

"Well, um, yes, as a matter of fact." 

"What was her name?" 

"Veronica. Nice girl."

"Veronica... Honey blonde, good looking, big boobs?" 

"Yes, that's the one. You know her?

"Yes, she was in one of my classes last semester. She's an attractive girl. I'd say you did alright there." 

"Well, yeah, I guess I did," I smiled

Kate was back in the living room now. She saw me grinning. 

"Did you fuck her?" 

"Well, I, um..." she'd caught me on the hop with that. "I don't like to talk about what happens between myself and a photo model." 

"You did fuck her! You little slut! Ha ha, you know what? You just fucked the Mayor's daughter! Oh wow, how funny is that! And her Dad, I mean the Mayor, he's one mean son of a bitch from what I've heard. You better hope he never finds out that his little girl has been going round getting her photo taken naked by some middle aged pervert – oh, and not to mention being fucked by him as well! I don't think he'd be too impressed. Still, from what I've heard that girl gets around a bit; quite a reputation around campus, that one." 

"Well," I said, feeling a little bit uneasy, "I'm glad you find it so amusing. I trust you're not going to broadcast this news around the campus." 

"Of course not. But it is pretty funny. You and the Mayor's daughter! Ha ha!" 

I felt her hand drift onto my crotch. Her fingers fiddled around a little on my jeans until they found my cock, which was beginning to stir. 

"So then," she said as she stroked me through my clothing. "Was that little slut enough to satisfy your perversions, huh? Get your clothes off." 

I stood up and stripped off. I stood there naked before her, my cock rapidly hardening. She looked me up and down. 

"Mmmm, you've got such a great body for someone your age, David. You could really pass for a guy in his mid-20s, you know."

"Thank you, Ma'am," I said as I settled back into the sofa, my cock straining towards the ceiling. I felt exposed and on display, but I felt good about it. Her comments made me feel extra horny, a heady stroke to the ego. 

She came over and knelt in front of me. She was still wearing the coat. There was something extra sexy about seeing her so fully clothed as opposed to my nakedness. She took my cock in her hands and gently rubbed her fingers up and down the shaft, pausing to squeeze it, so that a bead of pre-cum oozed out of the tip. She rubbed the moisture around the tip and then slid her now wet fingers back down my cock. I looked at her face as she studied my cock with an intense concentration, seemingly almost a kind of fascination. 

She leaned in and licked the underside, from the base to the top. Like she was licking an icecream. Her tongue felt so wonderfully warm, wet and soft as my mind recalled how good her mouth had felt the last time she engulfed me, as I waited in eager anticipation for a repeat performance that was about to come. Kate seemed to have talents that I'd never known with any other girl. God, she knew how to suck cock! 

Then she stopped. 

"David," she said, "before I do this, I'd like you to do something for me." 

"What do you want me to do?" 

"I have a particular fantasy I would like you to indulge." 

She stood up and began unfastening the buttons of her coat. I was captivated by the look of deep lust in her eyes as she slipped the coat over her shoulders and down her body. She was naked underneath. 

"David, I want you to suck my cock." 

"Huh?"

Then I looked down and saw it. She was naked, except for a strap-on dildo! 

"You want me to do what?" I stammered, starring at the grotesque plastic appendage strapped to her hips. 

"You heard me." 

I was shocked; almost didn't know what to say. 

"What, do you think I'm gay or something?" I said, before realizing how silly that sounded. But I was truly taken aback – almost speechless; this was the last thing I had expected. She wants me to suck her strap-on? She must be kidding. This was all a little too weird for me. 

"Well?" she said, peering down at me, hands on hips, that plastic dildo sticking up in the air. 

"Kate, I don't know about this. This is a bit too freaky for me." 

"A bit too freaky?" she said. I could tell by her tone that she was seriously annoyed. "And this from a man who gets his kicks photographing young naked girls? David, it's not a real cock, it's plastic. What's the big deal? Here I am offering to blow you and in return you can't even accommodate a little fantasy that simply requires you to put a piece of plastic in your mouth for a while." 
