 It was going to be a great reunion. Sally, one of the gals from our old sorority thought it might be fun if we could get a group of our old sorority members together for a few days for rehashing some old times and find out what each had been doing since graduation and just plain have some fun. She had done some investigating about places to hold it and things to do in each area. It looked as if one of the huge old Victorian houses in East Hampton out on the end of Long Island NY would suit our needs perfectly.

She had queried all of the girls in the sorority and found that seventeen were anxious to participate. She came back to me saying, "Cathie, this thing is getting larger by the day. With a crowd this large it would mean we would need TWO houses; hopefully close to one another." 

She got on the Internet and hit a gold mine. Two oceanfront houses, each having six bedrooms, were available for the four days we wanted and they were adjacent to one another. WOW, couldn't be better. Twelve bedrooms would mean a couple of gals would have to double up but she was sure that wouldn't be a problem. With the large number in our party to share the costs it wasn't going to be bad at all for each of us.

As time went on and the date got closer, Sally started hearing rumblings from a few of the gals about the possibility of bringing their husbands/boyfriends. Shit that would ruin it. Sally put out a questionnaire about it and got overwhelming responses saying...NO WAY. It was to be girls' time out or we could forget them. The few that asked about male companionship agreed to stay with the crowd sans date.

Somehow Sally got roped into organizing the thing and it was a humongous job. Some gals would be flying into a small private airfield and they needed to be picked up. Others would be taking a train almost all the way out the Island and would then need transportation to the houses. The rest were driving themselves. The pantries had to be stocked as well as the liquor cabinets. The houses came with all the bedding/towels paraphernalia we would need and we quickly took advantage of the maid service available to clean up after us at the end of our rental. It was a small price to pay for not having to worry about that crap. I chipped in with as much as I could help her and she was able to get one of the other gals to also pitch in so one way or the other we got the thing arranged.

Enough about all of that stuff. The time was upon us and Sally and I arrived at what were to be our homes away from home for the next four days. The places were PERFECT. Beautiful decks with stairways leading down over the dunes to the waters edge. The decks were a good 20 feet higher than the edge of the water so no one walking along it could see anyone sitting on one of our deck chairs. The privacy was outstanding. It was mid August, the temperature was in the high eighties and the water was just right for swimming. We were going to have a ball.

The rest of the crowd drifted in almost right up to supper. Sally and I thought that a sort of clambake would be the right way to start off the vacation. We had stopped at the local fish market and picked up two dozen lobsters. Each was about a pound and a half and we got a terrific deal on the price since we bought so many. We also picked up a couple of dozen ears of corn, a few extra cases of beer and a few more gallon jugs of wine. Topped it all off with a few pounds of potato and macaroni salad and we were ready for the feast. I know, I know, gallon jugs with their screw tops don't make for a nice wine but Sally and I figured the girls would be drinking so much that after the first glass they wouldn't be able to tell the difference between fine wine and soda water. We were right The night was wonderful. We planned to be able to sit down for the clambake around 8 PM. Each house had big gas barbecues with side burners. The kitchen in each house was huge to be able to accommodate the number of people normally staying in a house with six bedrooms. Some of the girls were in their bathing suits within minutes after arriving. They lived all over the country and a good few hadn't seen the ocean since leaving the East Coast. Each of the houses came furnished with small plastic surfboards...not the big professional ones but more like those you see younger kids riding. They were perfect. The girls, women, are all in their late twenties, were like kids. Diving under and coming up under a board and flipping it with the rider getting tossed was the big thing.

Each of the houses had outdoor showers aimed at keeping a ton of sand out of the house. The showers were in little small wooden cubicles at the top of the stairs and off to the side of the deck. Our girls, showing no sign of embarrassment, would strip off their bathing suits in the cubicle, shower and then come out of the showers nude to dry off outside and then get dressed on the deck. It certainly wasn't like any of the beaches on the Jersey shore. It was a good thing that was true because a few of our girls, me included, once they saw how isolated the homes were, stripped nude and were lounging around the decks bound and determined to get an all around tan before returning home. Damn, we had some gals with outstanding bodies. 

Sally still seemed to be in charge of the whole thing and that was fine with everyone. She did lay down the law about anyone going in the water after drinking. All she said was the rest of us are too drunk to pull you out if you get a cramp so wait until tomorrow before going in again. 

Some of the girls weren't drinking and started to show a theatrical pout saying, "Sally, we were hoping to go skinny dipping after din-din."

"Go, but remember, I damn sure am not going in after you." She literally shouted at them.

We had all the food ready for the tables around 7:45 and by the time we rounded everyone up it was right on time – 8 PM on the dot. The cook-out was going great. There were going to be enough lobsters left over that we would be able to pick them clean for a fantastic lobster salad for the next day's lunch.

About half way through the dinner Sally called me over to say she wasn't sure we had enough wine. Some of the girls were going through it at an alarming rate. Great, they could change to whisky when the wine was finished. 

Around 9 PM three or four gals went down to the waters edge, stripped and in they went. One thing about being near the ocean, it may have been hotter than hell during the day but it can get quite chilly after the sun goes down. That was the case tonight. The gals were warm enough when they were in the water but when they came out of it you could hear teeth chattering. They grabbed their clothes and flip-flops and made a dash for the stairs up to the deck. 

Sally had started cozy little fires in small fire pots at the each end of the deck. They not only provided an amazing amount of heat but also a cozy flickering light from the flames inside of them. Our nude bathers huddled around the fires for a few minutes after showering and quickly got some clothes on and we all sat there enjoying the evening. The wine was still holding out because a good few gals had switched to hard stuff.

I walked to the end of the deck and could see up and down the beach in the moonlight and there wasn't another soul to be seen. I was going to be staying at the house next door and I suggested that I would go over and make sure everything was going to be OK for the night. Jenny said that she thought she had had enough to drink and would go over with me. We were able to just walk out the front door of the house we were in and walk a hundred feet to next door. It wasn't long before we were out on the deck of the other house looking back at the crowd where the clambake was held. I told Jenny I would just sit here for a little while before sacking out and she could go back if she wanted to. She answered that she would just as soon stay there with me. Dialogue would have been better here...

There were a few bottles of booze at this place also and I went inside and poured a bourbon and water for each of us. We sat sipping our drinks and just enjoying the atmosphere when Jenny dropped a bombshell.

She was more than a little drunk from the wine and bourbon when she blurted out, "Cathie, all the time we were in school I was envious of your body. You always dressed so neat but covered yourself completely. My mind used to go crazy wondering what was underneath all of those clothes. Tonight I found out. When you stripped to go skinny-dipping I couldn't take my eyes off you. Your tits are magnificent.... large but firm. You really do have the body of a model. Large breasts and a tiny waist. Damn, I wish I had it." 

The way she was talking I was beginning to get the feeling she would like to bury her face between my tits and perhaps a little lower as well.

"Jenny, my tits aren't that firm. Reach over and feel for yourself." I offered.

She was off her deck chair and kneeling beside me almost before I had those words out. She reached out with a hand and placed it under my breast sort of cradling it.

"Jen, give it a little squeeze and you will see it isn't as firm as you were thinking."

I then felt her soft tender fingers doing a little more than just squeezing me lightly. They were softly caressing my tit.

"Cath, would you mind terribly if I kissed your breast?"

"Not at all Jen. But don't just kiss one...the other would feel jealous." I joked.

Her lips were soon fondling my nipple while her hand was stroking my other breast. I quickly had a hand behind her head putting a slight pressure to keep her right there. It felt great.

Her activity on my breasts was really turning me on. I let my other hand fall down to my crotch and soon had it inside of my shorts and working my clit fast and furiously. Wow, her mouth and my hand were quite the duo. By then I was moaning a little.  

I had taken my hand up and out of my shorts and unbuttoned them. I was squirming my ass around getting them down and off me when I felt her hand lightly touching my clit. 

Damn, Jen was a lesbian!

"Jen, pull my shorts all the way off so you will have an easier time getting your face in me."

She lifted her mouth from my tit and looked at me saying, "Are you sure that's what you want?" 

"Yes honey. Do me now."

She moved from my breasts and kissed and licked my stomach all the way to my clit. She would kiss a spot on my stomach and then lick that very same spot for a minute before moving down just a little more. She soon had her hand parting my pussy lips making room for her mouth and it wasn't long before she was sucking on the hood of my clit and had a couple of fingers buried inside of me. She sure knew how to eat pussy.

I was a little nervous out there on the deck with another fifteen gals clowning around on the deck of the house next door. Fortunately, the homes weren't very close together so we were safe from anyone over there seeing or hearing us. Great, because I could feel that old familiar feeling starting deep inside of me. It was getting so intense I was soon biting on the edge of my hand trying to stifle the noise I knew would soon be coming out of me. 

Damn she was tender. 

By now she had her face buried deep inside of me and had a couple of her fingers inserted in my pussy along side of her tongue working my clit. She would let her tongue ride up one side of my clit and then down the other only to repeat the whole maneuver over and over. She then put a couple of her fingers back to my ass and was gently massaging the ruby red lips of my asshole. That was all it took. I took my free hand and pulled her face even deeper inside of my pussy as the orgasm overcame me. My heart rate must have been through the roof and I know my breaths were coming a mile a minute. As soon as she felt the peak of my orgasm had passed she started to lick up my pussy lips and also down on the cheeks of my ass. My love juices along with her saliva were all over my body. We then both just lay there coming down from the high.

Out of the darkness came, "Jen, I want you to do me next!" 

God, it was Rosalind (Roz) and she was standing right next to us and had reached down and was stroking the top of Jen's head.

I jumped in with, "Roz, leave it be. Jen was just doing me a favor."

"Bullshit, I am hotter than a pistol watching her do you and I need some relief and need it now," mouthed Roz.

Jen responded with, "Roz, C'mon give me a break. So now you know I am a lesbian but that shouldn't mean I have to do the whole sorority."

Roz wasn't having any of Jen's excuses and leaned over and took her by the hand and led her over to one of the other deck chairs. She had her other arm around Jen and as soon as they got to the chair Roz stopped and pulled off her own shorts and sat down. 

"Jen, you can kneel on my pants if it will help your knees."

I was still coming down from my own orgasm and wasn't paying real close attention to what was happening with them but I could see that Jen had her head buried in Roz's crotch and Roz's moans were already starting. I could hear Jen's slurping and Roz soon had her feet up in the air and was pulling her legs apart to give Jen freer access to her pussy. All of a sudden she had brought her heels back down on the bed and was throwing her hips in the air. It was obvious Jen was having some difficulty keeping her face where she wanted it. Roz was in the midst of an orgasm and it looked as if it was a wild one.

"Geez, Jen...keep going. I never want this feeling to end," moaned Roz. 

That seemed to turn Jen on even more for I could see she was now flailing her head from side to side and I could just imagine her tongue was also flailing away on Roz's clit. The level of moaning actually increased in intensity and this was after Roz had had her orgasm. Was she going for two?

It appeared that Roz, and Jen, were each enjoying themselves immensely so I got up and went inside to a bedroom I picked out having one bed. I wasn't going to have a roommate. 

The next morning the sound of bacon frying and eggs sizzling and the wonderful smell of freshly brewed coffee awakened me. The crowd had migrated from the other house over to the deck of the one I was in and had pretty much commandeered the deck's little snack tables as well as a huge round table with a wonderful sun awning. Roz and Jen were each there and surprisingly at the same table. They each gave me a warm 'Good morning" as if nothing had happened the night before. 

Once again, Sally rose to the occasion and jumped up on a deck chair to get everyone's attention.

"Guys, there are a ton of things available to do today. Within ten miles of where we are sitting are some vary fancy sailboats with good looking Captains and mates just waiting to take a bunch of lovelies such as us on their boats to enjoy a day under sail. I called the Harbormaster earlier and we will need to let him know how many of us would like to be involved with this activity. For those of you not wanting to go sailing there are a number of smaller boats you can take out without a Captain as long as you can demonstrate some level of nautical competency. And for those not wanting to do either there is a quaint little town about twenty miles back down the road with a few very nice shopping emporiums. And if all of that isn't enough, there is a wonderful body of water called the Atlantic Ocean at our doorstep beckoning for some to jump in and enjoy themselves." 

That was it. I opted for the sailing, as did eight others. We were going to split up on three boats and would be gone for most of the day. The chartering outfit took care of arranging lunches and liquid refreshments. I had done a good bit of sailing and knew the day was going to be perfect. The wind was out of the South, which meant we would be able to go out of Gardiners Bay and all the way out to Block Island without a lot of moving sails from one side of the boat to the other. Roz and Ruth would be on the same boat as me and I was a little curious to see if Roz acknowledged our activities with Jen from the previous evening.

We had Captain Tom and his mate Frank responsible for showing us a good time. Tom was about thirty-five and Frank in his very late twenties. Both had the kinds of tan we had hoped to have by the time the vacation was over. Capt. Tom asked who wanted any seasick pills/patches and both Roz and Ruth took them. I was doubtful they would work quickly enough for I could see Frank was getting ready to cast off and I knew we would be under sail in a very short time. We motored out of the harbor and then unfurled the sails and the boat took off as if she were a thorobred racehorse and had just been given a free rein. We were flying in an instant with the boat heeled over a good bit. Roz was howling with enjoyment and Ruth was just sitting there with a very put-on smile. She wasn't feeling well but she wasn't about to spoil everyone's fun. 

Capt. Tom slacked off the sails a bit and the boat settled to an even keel and it was glorious. Frank went below to pour glasses of wine which Roz and I grabbed. I won't bore you with the details of the sail other than to suffice it to say we were soon pulling into the big harbor on Block Island.

It is a large harbor and it wasn't long before we had the anchor down and were calling on the ship-to-shore for the launch to take us ashore. It makes its rounds of the harbor every so often and we would be picked up on its next loop. It was lunchtime and even though we had sandwiches aboard Roz and I asked where we could get some decent clams. Capt. Tom said he knew the prefect place and led the way. Ruth wasn't looking all that great and said she hadn't gotten her land legs yet. Frank stayed with her and said they wouldn't be joining us for the clams. Clams weren't high on Ruth's fun things to eat at that moment.

Roz and I gorged ourselves on clams and a pitcher or two of beer. Tom wasn't drinking since he was a licensed Captain and couldn't drink while responsible for paying passengers. No problem, Roz and I did enough for all of us. Tom excused himself for a few minutes as he went over and chatted with another boat crew and that gave Roz and I some free time alone to chat about the previous night. 

She started it with, "Damn, Jen really did a number on me last night. I don't think I ever remember having my pussy eaten so well and having an orgasm so huge."

"I know, she had her face so far up my pussy I thought it was going to come out my ass." I replied.

Tom was on the way back to our table and Roz finished our chat with, "Well, if I don't find anything else this trip she will be doing me again before this vacation is over. You can bet on that."

We walked back to the docks and flagged down the launch to get us back out to the boat. As we lay against it so we could transfer over we heard a moan. Roz jumped across first and fast and went below immediately only to come out with the old cornball line of, "Well, well, when the cat's away the mice will play."

By then Tom and I were also aboard and the launch took off. As I stood in the companionway hatch looking below there they were on the berth in the main salon. Frank still had a half hard on and Ruth's pussy was dripping with Franks love juices running out of her. She was so embarrassed she covered her face never mind her pussy. Roz, Tom and I went back out to the cockpit (an appropriate word I would say) to let them get cleaned up and decent.

When they finally emerged from the cabin, Tom suggested we radio the launch to swing by and pick them up. They could have lunch at one of the dockside restaurants. The launch was there in a few minutes and off they went. 

Tom, Roz and I were sitting out in the cockpit under a sun awning they had erected when Roz got up and went below. A few minutes went by and I looked up and she was standing on the steps in the main companionway looking out at us stark naked, "Capt. one of your passengers needs some attention." She said very coyly.
