 We meet at the usual parking lot and you tell me you feel like playing pool again. You drive to the same seedy pool hall from last month. I wonder if the bartender who watched you fuck me in the parking lot will be there again. I can't tell if you have anything planned but it wouldn't matter anyway. I am unable to deny you any more.

The bartender is there, and I can tell he recognizes us by the grin on his face. You smile, too, because you know he liked watching. We barely had our first game set up when a woman approached us.

"Hello handsome," she said as she kissed your cheek. And then turned to look at me, "Is this your new girl?"

"Yes, it is, this is my whore," you tell her bluntly. I drop my eyes from embarassment, not yet being used to hearing you tell others who I am. You pull me close and with both my hands pinned behind me, kiss me fully on the lips. I gasp when you release me, I love your kisses so much. 

"May I join you tonight?" the woman asks.

"Why don't the two of you play?" you suggest. "I'd like to watch."

The first few shots of the game are just like any other, and I suspect nothing. On my third shot, she suggests giving me some pointers. She stands behind me, helping me hold the pool cue, and I can feel her hot breath on my neck. She pulls me closer, and groans softly when i bend over to take the shot. Startled, I don't even hit the cue ball. She laughs and suggests I try it again. She is behind me, her left hand on my stomach, pulling me tight against her. I miss the shot when her hand slides down between my legs.

I look at you for your reaction, and see you smilng. "Keep going, my little whore, this is what I want," you explain.

The woman has me face her, and kisses me first lightly, and then full tongue. I've never been kissed by a woman before, and I was surprised by how wonderful it felt. She spent the next hour giving me more "pointers". Each time she aroused me further by her touches. Her hand slipped under my shirt to caress my tit. The hand between my legs not just touching but pushing on my clit. Whispering in my ear how she couldn't wait to taste my juices. 

The woman finally spoke to you again. "Have you watched enough? Or should I keep going? She's quite wonderful, your whore."

"Yes, I've seem enough," you reply without hesitation.

The woman tells the bartender to lock up, she's closing early tonight. "Yes, you can stay and watch," she laughs.

You don't waste any more time and walk over to the pool table and address me, "My sexy cocksucker."

"Yes, I am," I reply obediently. The woman, and the bartender, see me drop to my knees in front of you, taking in your manhood. They hear you calling me your whore, your slut. They hear me whimper as I follow your directions to suck your cock, your balls, to lick your shaft, to be your cocksucker. You stop, motion me to stand up, unzip my pants and let them drop to the floor, set me on the edge of the pool table and THEN STEP ASIDE. What are you doing, I wonder?

"Let her taste you, let me watch her fuck your cunt with her tongue." you demand. "Let whoever wants to watch see my whore cum by another woman."

The woman opens my legs and I feel her wet tongue all over me. Flicking in and out. But I'm worried about you, what about you?

You hear my thoughts and step up behind the woman, your cock still rock hard. Her pants drop, too, and I hear her groan as your beautiful cock thrusts in her. She moans louder each time you push into her. Her tongue is pressing harder now on my clit, faster in and out of my pussy. I can't help but arch my back and open up to her more, responding fully to her tongue. It takes only minutes for her to make me cum, and my cries are of surprise because I came so quickly. 

You're not done, you want more, which doesn't surprise me. She steps out of her pants and pulls mine off, too.

"Your turn, my sexy slut, to taste your first pussy," you direct me. 

The woman is already on the pool table with me, and she turns to face you, with her naked pussy on my face, waiting for my tongue. My first taste is hestitant, but I know it is what you want, so I begin to explore her with my tongue. I find her clit, it is hard and my tongue plays with it gently. She tells me more, and I press harder and know I've found the spot by her soft moan. I'm totally mesmerized by her taste, her sounds. I feel your hands on my thighs. Your cock is in me before I have time to think about what is happening. 

The two of you proceed to fuck me, to use me, like I never imagined possible. She rubs my clit, while you stroke your cock in and out of my pussy. Her pussy in my face, enjoying my tongue on her clit. You offer her your cock and she eagerly licks it, while you take my ass with your thumb. You start fucking me again, and she reaches for my breast, squeezing my tit roughly. I am in heaven, oh god, this is heaven.

"Come take my cum," you tell me urgently as you pull out of me.

You can barely wait for me to turn around when you cum on both of us, over our faces. You watch as she kisses me, and we lick your cum off of each other.

I hear you say, "MY sexy whore." And I know you're talking to me.