 Brian and I (Michelle) worked together for years. We’d become really good friends and kept in touch after we were relocated to separate branches of the company. (LA and Boston) We were invited to the wedding of a former coworker and since neither one of us were in a relationship we decided to return to Chicago together.

Long story semi-short, we had a good time at the wedding. Catching up with everybody was cool and Brian was looking extra fine. We worked in a casual office and those khakis never did him justice. 

His 6’2” dark chocolate frame was deliciously covered in a tailored black suit that complemented his broad shoulders. His cream shirt and tie made his mahogany skin glisten.

I wasn’t slouching either: Black silk dress hugging my size 12 hips and showing off my waistline. Dress was low cut to let my D-cups do their thing. Honey-brown breasts looking nice in a Victoria’s Secret pushup bra. (yeah, I was prepared. matching thong too) A slit that went up high on my thigh to show off some leg. And serious heels, that made me almost as tall as Brian. 

After all the partying at the reception, neither one of us wanted to wreck the rental car. So we decided to get a room. No plans at this point. Just sleep it off, maybe catch a movie on HBO. 

We nicked another bottle of champagne from the bar, exited the ballroom and went straight to the front desk. When we got to the room, we kicked off our shoes, Brian loosened his tie and took of his jacket, but there was nothing to watch. We found a radio station that played slow jams and just relaxed and sipped. 

We laughed about old times and compared notes about our current jobs. Then Brian looked at me like he had a serious revelation.

“Damn, what is it?” I asked.

“Chelle did I tell you how hot you looked at the wedding?”

I laughed. “What’s up with the past tense?”

“ Ok, still look. I love that dress. Who knew you had curves like that?”

“You clean up pretty well yourself.” I didn’t want to tell him that I was dying to see what was under that suit. I tried to play it shy, in case he wasn’t feeling me.

“You know you danced with every one but me tonight. Even nerdy-ass Clyde danced with my date.” Brian pretended to look hurt.

“Date, huh? Well, in that case you get to have me all to yourself.” 

I stood up and Brian followed. We moved the coffee table and got close. We started to dance. We were tipsy (drunk) so it was more like leaning on each other and swaying to the beat. 

I could smell his cologne and it was damn sexy. I’ve always thought of Brian as a buddy. My ace. I was considering getting way more than friendly. The debate of whether or not to make a move quickly sobered me up. I decided you only live once. 

I moved in and ran my tongue along the side of his neck. He pulled back and stared into my eyes. His internal debate took no time at all.

He put his hands on either side of my face and leaned in. I parted my lips and waited. He kissed me slowly and gently, running his tongue over my mouth. He bit my bottom lip and the tips of our tongues danced like well-known lovers. 

I let out a moan as he moved his hands down my back, over my ass and back up to cup each cheek firmly. He pulled me into him while his kisses got deeper. I could feel him getting hard and wanted him to know I was feeling him too. 

I took his hand and started licking his fingers, taking them one by one into my mouth and sucking gently. He raised an eyebrow, but said “Not yet.” “I want to see you first.” 

He reached for the zipper of my dress. My heart began to race and after what seemed like forever, my dress fell to the floor. 

He reached for my breasts. He traced the edges of the black lace, touching my skin very lightly. My nipples were tight and hard. He brushed his thumbs over the peaks bringing them to an almost painful level of arousal. 

He ran his hands down the length of my body, feeling every curve. He was touching me so lightly I could barely feel his fingers, just a tingling sensation where his hands had been. He gave me the most erotic goose bumps. My hips began to grind against his dick. I wanted him so bad. I reached down to stroke him. 

“My, my, my. Who knew you had all this?” I asked him. 

“Is that what you want? You want this big dick, don’t you?”

“Yes, please” I said, not trying to sound too eager. 

He took a step back and said “Take it.”

Never one to pass up a dare, I dropped to my knees and took his dick in my hands.

He was incredible; long, dark, thick and rock hard.

I kissed the head and licked it softly. I moved my tongue up and down the shaft while I kneaded his balls with both hands. I licked the tip with slow, long strokes like my favorite ice cream. Only he tasted better. 

I took his dick into my mouth and moved my head up and down, sucking hard…my hand at the base of his dick massaging, then jacking, then back to massaging. He was so big I was wondering how much of him I could get in my mouth. 

I relaxed my throat and moved my mouth over him, taking as much of that big hard dick as I could. I applied some suction and felt the head of his dick swell. 

“Damn, baby.” He grabbed me by the back of my head and began to push himself further down my throat. 

“Mmmmm.” I moaned. The vibrations of my mouth and throat took him to another level. He pulled himself back and thrust his dick further in. 

He was fucking my mouth so hard I had to grab his ass to brace myself. “Aw fuck”. He came in a hot, powerful explosion. I had a hard time swallowing so much cum. I licked the last of him from my lips and looked up to see him smiling. 

I was glad he was pleased.

He pulled me up and close to him in one quick motion and started to kiss me deeply. He pushed my panties aside and inserted a finger. He said, “The pussy’s right.” By this time I was soaking wet and my pussy was slurping as he fingered me. 

He moved his other hand to my clit and matched the rhythm of the fingers in my pussy. I grinded against his hands and pulled his head down to my breasts. He sucked my nipples through the lace of my bra, nipping the responsive points with his teeth. 

He was purposely teasing me and I couldn’t take it anymore. I unhooked my bra and held my breasts for him to suck. They felt warm and heavy in my hands. The nipples were hard and dark and his mouth looked so good sucking and licking. I squeezed them together so he could suck both nipples at once.

“I’ve got to be inside you,” he said. We dropped what was left of our clothing on the floor and moved over to the bed. I laid on my back and spread my thighs. He stood there, watching me play with my clit. But that only lasted a few seconds and he was there, on top of me. His rock hard dick at the opening of my pussy. 

“Fuck me, baby,” I said. And with that, he pushed himself deep inside. My breath caught in my chest and I grabbed his shoulders. My back arched and I let out a cry of pleasure/pain. My pussy was spread wide as he thrust deeper and deeper. He lifted my leg over his shoulder, shifted his hips at an angle made me call out to God. He shifted his position over and over. Hitting the pussy from every direction. He was hitting it right. 

Too right. I felt a tingling deep inside my pussy and my ass started to tense. He felt me tensing and slowed his rhythm. 

“You’ll cum when I say you can cum,” he said as he moved back on top. He pulled himself almost completely out of the pussy and slowly, gently, but firmly pushed his big dick back in. It was exquisite. 

I was moaning and grinding, begging, “Fuck me harder baby, please. I want to cum for you.” 

He wouldn’t respond. He put his thumb on my clit and made small circles. He moved his hips to match the motion of his hand. My pussy singing with a wet, wonderful noise. 

Damn, this was so good. 

I could feel an orgasm brewing and told him, “Right there, don’t stop.”

“Come on this dick, then girl,” and he began playing with my asshole, sticking his fingers in and out and rubbing the rim of my tight rear entrance. It drove me crazy. I came. HARD. 

“OH Shit. Mmmmmmmmm” And I was spent. He pulled out and stroked his dick, with a smug look on his face. I just stared and thought, “How did all that fit inside me?” He really was magnificently built. I watched, fascinated, as he jacked off until cum spewed all over my stomach and chest. He collapsed next to me and we both let out a big sigh. 

I tried to get up to go to the bathroom, but my legs were shaking so bad, I had to sit back down. Brian laughed, shook his head and went to get a warm rag. He gently wiped me off and kissed my quivering thighs. 

We spent the next couple days in that room. (thank God for room service) and I learned how to handle that big dick like a champ. Monday afternoon we got on separate planes and we haven’t hooked up since. We talk on occasion and reminisce about the reunion to remember.