 This couple had embraced, but moved on unaware of how each other felt. They had each been tormented over the years by seeing each other with different partners until they both settled down with families and drifted apart. The only contact being a Christmas card exchanged each year.

Now quarter of a century on, there respective marriages failed they have arranged to meet. Both are aware that the other would have changed.

He arrives at the motel room with time to spare and draws the curtains leaving the room darkened but with sufficient light to be able to see, he puts the door on the latch and waits.

On time there is a gentle knock on the door. He takes himself to the bathroom and can hear the door opening and then closing with a loud click as it is taken off of the latch. He undresses, as he knows she will be doing in the main room. He is embarrassed to see that he is already erect with anticipation, beads of moisture forming on the tip.

He enters the room and sees her naked in the darkened room, they embrace tongues dancing eagerly in each other's mouths. Both show their excitement without meaning too. His hardness is trapped between them throbbing so both can feel. She manoeuvres them still in the embrace to the bed where she gently pushes him down to sit on the bed. She is aware that he is so excited that he won't last long in his current state.

With her hands on his shoulders she leans forward gently pushing him back onto the bed. As she does so she sinks gently to her knees running her hands down his chest, his manhood pushing between her breasts, she can feel the wetness he leaves in it's wake. 

As she gets lower he can feel her breath on the head of his glands and is beside himself in the memory of her expertise. 

She gently takes the oozing juice from eye of his glands with the tip of her tongue savouring the saltiness she had lasted tasted so long ago. Circling his head with her tongue she can feel him twitching uncontrollably, knowing she is driving him crazy she takes her time, gently licking and caressing the whole of his manhood with her tongue before taking his glands into her mouth. 

He feels the warm wetness of her mouth closing around him. He feels like he is going to cum there and then. 

She sucks on his cock, which is pulsating with his rapid heartbeat. She draws the fluid from him, licking the shaft at the same time. She lifts her head so that he is almost out. 

Slowly, so gently, she lowers her head back down until she feels his hardness at the back of her mouth, his head set against the entrance to her throat. With a little more pressure she feels him enter her throat, almost with a plop as it passes the initial constriction. 

She pauses to allow the natural rejection by her throat to pass then eases on feeling is hardness pushing deep into her throat.

He can feel the tightness of her throat wrapped around the head of his cock then she starts to swallow causing the muscles of her throat to ripple around his glands.

Unable to breathe she comes back up gasping gently for air. She licks the whole of his shaft and can smell his manhood so close to her face, she gently licks his sacks, which are also swelling and subsiding with his excitement as if they were a pair of lungs.

She moves back up, takes his head into her mouth, with one hand she gently massages his shaft, with the other she ever so gently massages his balls, occasionally tickling them by lightly scraping them with her fingertips. Knowing how excited he is she gently wanks his shaft feeling more pre cum ooze into her mouth, which she spreads around his bared helmet with her tongue.

Drawing deeply she again takes him to her throat. He feels the sensation and unable to hold on any longer she feels him swell and jerk as his hips buck around below her. She draws harder and takes the flood of hot semen that jets from his eye to back of her throat. She takes his head into her throat feeling his swollen head pulsing against the stretched walls of her throat, as more cum bursts down her throat. When the flow subsides she releases his glands from her throat but holds it with in her mouth to lick away the remains of his cum savouring the always salty but always unique taste.

They both move up onto the bed. Embracing and kissing he can taste his own saltiness on her tongue. His hands move to her breasts, gently he plays with one of her already swollen nipples, so sensitive as she is already so turned on from taking his glands in her mouth. He gently massages her breasts, tweaking, pulling and gently pinching her nipples until they are hard. Then he moves his head down to her bosom where she feels his hot ragged breath on her engorged nipples.

He gently circles one with his tongue before tantalizingly teasing the tip of the nipple by touching, so lightly, with the tip of his tongue. Eventually he stops tormenting her and takes the nipple fully into his mouth, drawing it in so that it extends even further into his mouth. He swirls his tongue around the nipple inside his mouth and then holds it in his mouth by gently biting and nibbling the nipple from base to tip. He gently massages the nipple which aches where it so engorged she knows how he must feel when his cock is engorged in the same way. After taking her second nipple into his warm mouth he moves on down to find her neatly shaved mons.

He can smell the mustiness of her woman hood, he is eager to quench his thirst on her. He traces the triangular outline of her pubic hair before running his tongue down the inside of her thigh from front to back then back up on the other thigh. Then nothing as he lifts his head slightly. She's left, wanting to push his head down into contact with her expectant pussy.

She feels the heat of his breath as he lowers his head back down, she feels the tip of his tongue push between her sopping lips and gently run down the groove from just behind the hood of her clit to the opening of her entrance. 

He savours the taste of her juices, which have been flowing so freely from long before she even got to the motel. He continues to lap at her pussy's crease being careful not to enter her or touch the hood of her clit. He licks away the juice that has gathered. 

She knows from the sensation in her clit that it must be protruding from its hood without any assistance from him. She cannot prevent the involuntary shudder as she feels the tip of his tongue circle the hood of her clit with out actually touching it. Although expected she jumps as the electric shock of his tongue touching the tip of her clit shoots through her body. She is oblivious to all else as he sucks her clit from it's shroud and teases it with his tongue, gently nipping with his front teeth. Her body tenses as the first of her orgasms surges through her causing her to break out in to a sweat of passion. Her pussy leaks love juice so fast she can feel it trickling down and pooling in the entrance to her anus before running on down to leave evidence of her pleasure on the linen.

He moves his tongue back down her crease and laps her fragrant juices to quench his thirst for her that has been building all this time. Then she feels his tongue move down past her pussy, licking away the trail of wetness. Again she shudders unintentionally as she feels his tongue circling the crinkle entrance to her anus gently taking her fluid away leaving her dry.

Again she feels his head lift, then feels his tongue pushing into her love canal, lapping the walls and moving the tip around causing sensations so unlike any thing else. He eases the entrance to her pussy open with his fingers and strives to push his tongue as deep as it will go. She can feel the slight roughness of his shaved face against her skin. He withdraws his tongue and concentrates on her pussy's groove and clit. He inserts his finger into her and finds her most sensitive spot, which he works with his finger. She can hold off no longer and again her body arches up as she is once again filled with an orgasm more intense than the first.

Whilst giving her the pleasure of his tongue he has again become hard. So hard the fluid is flowing freely from his eye. As her orgasm subsides she feels the entrance to her pussy stretching as so slowly he enters her. His hardness has no flexibility but oh so much better than the cold toys she's been using of late.

As he continues to enter her slowly, he takes himself into the hilt making her feel so full, he waits allowing her body to accommodate to him ensuring her sensitive ovaries move aside so as not to cause her pain. He withdraws so that just the tip remains at the entrance to her pussy, then he slowly inserts himself so slightly before withdrawing again. He again enters, slightly further this time withdrawing slightly faster than he entered. He continues this feeling the sensation of her pussy gripping the mushroom shaped head of his glands, each time entering slightly further. He maintains this for some time raising her frustration that his hardness is not in her to the hilt.

All of a sudden he drives into her hard all the way, not so hard as to hurt but hard enough to take her by surprise, causing an involuntary moan as the air is forced out of her lungs with the suddenness of his lunge. He holds deep inside her enjoying the feeling on his rock solid manhood and the look on her face.

Slowly he withdraws and continues to massage her inner walls with his solid cock. Again she orgasms, so satisfied to have him deep within her. Her pussy is so wet and eager for him. He is so excited he can't control himself and gradually becomes faster and more selfish, this only serves to take her to higher levels of ecstasy. Feeling his manhood swell and jerk she again orgasms feeling the heat of his cumming inside her. To him he feels so big to her, she feels so full. He pumps the last of his seed into her, her pussy contacting in spasms around the root of his cock. They both collapse into each other, both so slippery with the sweat they have both built up.

They lie together quite still breathing hard recovering from the physical exertion and the energy spent in cumming. His cock shrinks down to its flaccid state and slips from within her.

She eases his head from her chest and moves down to take his glands into her mouth savouring the combined taste of her own sex mixed with his salty cum. She is surprised to feel his tongue licking her pussy clean, his tongue entering her with his fingers. She becomes aware of his cock growing within her mouth and redoubles her efforts with her tongue hands and mouth.

He laps at her enjoying her pussy juices, which are still flowing strongly with the attentions of his tongue and fingers. Her juices bring with them the remains of his cum which he tastes properly for the first time. This causes his cock to twitch and grow faster with her tongues caressing.

She jumps as his fingers wet from her pussy caresses the eye to her anus. She becomes aware that he is gradually applying more and more of her sex to the crinkly eye. 

Slowly he eases a finger in lubricating her tight hole. She wants to protest but doesn't, trusting that whatever he has in mind will be for her enjoyment. Slowly he applies more love juice make her as slippery there as her pussy has become. His cock is once more solid in her mouth, pulsing in time to his raised heartbeat. He inserts a second finger into her and ever so gradually opens the entrance to her tight hole, adding more of her juice all the time.

He moves withdrawing from her mouth. She is still kneeling with her bum in the air. He inserts his solid manhood into her pussy and slowly works it in and out for a few seconds getting it thoroughly wet with her juice.

He withdraws and then she feels the tip of his hard cock against the entrance to her, now well lubricated, bottom. He applies slight pressure. At first nothing happens, he pushes ever so gently and she feels her anus starting to open to allow him in.

So slowly he eases forward feeling the tightness of her ring. He feels the plop as his head gains entry past the ring. She feels the suddenness of this invasion, at first a little uncomfortable. He stops pushing and allows everything to get used to the intrusion. Then he slowly pushes on in. It feels so full. Eventually he is in her to the hilt. He is so solid and feels so big.

He carefully rolls her onto her side and locked inside her he manoeuvres them both to the edge of the bed where he sits her up on his lap.

She feels his hands come round to the front and gradually work there way into her pussy, slowly masturbating her as she does so often at night when alone. She feels so full the feeling is unique. Slowly he starts to work her backwards and forwards, not up and down. Then he gradually moves himself within her until he feels his cock flick the inner most part of her. She feels it too a sensation so intense. Repeated every time he moves her backwards and forwards.

Inside her it is so tight for him he knows he will not be able to hold off for long with the warmth enveloped so firmly around his throbbing erection, aching where it is so full.

Very quickly the intense flicking takes her over the edge of an orgasm so intense, so different to normal orgasms. The contraction of her body around his solid staff is all too much and he pumps, with a groan, more hot jism deep into her body. Even that deep, she can still feel the heat.

As her orgasm subsides she knows even then that what ever her thoughts had been of anal sex she knows she will have to experience it again as it was just so different and intense to normal orgasms.

They both collapse back onto the bed. Both sated and spent. Eventually they both go to the shower to wash each other. But that will have to wait for another time.