 Dee Sanders walked into her old high school and looked around. Since she'd graduated a new wing had been added for athletics, and the school had been repainted. Pretty much everything else was the same as she remembered. She was greeted by lots of smiling faces, but if she was being honest with herself, not even the name tags rang a bell. 

It had been 10 years since graduation, so forgetting a few faces was expected, but she couldn't believe that she hardly recognized anyone, even once they told her their name. The only friend she'd kept in touch with was Betty Fields who had called her the week before frantically studying her yearbook for names and faces. Dee had thought that was silly at the time, but maybe it had been a good idea after all. She hoped to find Betty soon so that she could hide behind the fact that Betty knew who everyone was.

The main part of the reunion was in the new gym, and it had been decorated with trophies and pictures from their time in high school there. She ran her fingers over the picture of the cheerleading squad from her senior year. They had come in third at the championship, and the football team had done even better, winning the whole shebang. 

She and Betty were standing near the back of the group of girls in short skirts and pigtails, with their hands on their hips and fake, bright white smiles on their faces. It had always seemed silly to them how cheery they really expected the cheerleaders to look, and even though she had loved it for sport, she hated the politics of it all.

At the front of the picture she saw Stacy Mathers, team captain, looking smug with herself. "Ugh, hate her!" Dee turned around to see that Betty was standing right behind her, not at all trying to hide her contempt for mean girl Stacy. Luckily, that's one person she had yet to run into.

"Oh my God, Betty; how are you!?" They hugged and exchanged kisses on each cheek like they always had in high school. It was comforting that some things just didn't change.

"Girl, you look good. I bet you'd still fit in your uniform. Mine won't even go on one leg!" The two women laughed. It was just like Betty to be completely obnoxious. That's probably why she had never fit in with Dee and the rest of the cheerleaders, but that was exactly her appeal to Dee. Dee had hated all the things that she'd had to do to stay a part of the in crowd, and Betty had always been such a relief from all of that.

"I'm so glad you're here Betty. I have no idea who these people are. I feel so embarrassed. Was I really that out of touch in high school?"

"Psssh, nonsense Dee. Nobody big has shown up yet probably. We're a little early for that, and it wasn't exactly your fault you didn't get to know a lot of the ordinaries. I mean Stacy Mad Hatter had you under lock and key, remember? Half the time you weren't even allowed to talk to me."

"You really still call her that Betty?" Dee shook her head at her friend; Betty was as stuck in the past as she was.

"Not to her face, of course." The women locked arms and went to mingle with the crowd. Dee felt much better now that she had a friend here. She was actually really nervous about the whole thing. While she had been kind of popular, and she had kept her figure pretty slim over the years, she was one of the few not married or with children. She had focused on her career, and she'd finally found a guy, but after a long engagement due to both their work schedules, she'd broken it off because of his infidelity during the engagement. Not that she could really blame him with the hours they worked and how long they had been holding off the wedding.

She was pretty sure even Stacy had a husband now, even with her attitude. She'd heard that Stacy had married some morning weather man or something. 

Dee spent most of the next hour following Betty around chatting it up with people she could at least now pretend to know. Around nine o'clock the lights went down and a projector screen came down at the front of the gym. Betty was busy gossiping with a couple of pregnant women who had been on the drill team in high school, so Dee quietly stepped away to get closer to the screen. 

Glancing down at the itinerary she'd picked up on her way in, she saw that it was time for the tribute and toast. A slideshow began in front of them showing various photos, many that she recognized from her yearbook. They showed the marching band, the cheerleaders, the drill team, the debate team; pretty much any group there was. It made her feel bad for the population of students who never joined a group. Were they not important?

After they had exhausted the group pictures words appeared on screen saying 'In Tribute'. The words were followed by pictures and names of those who had passed, either while still in school with them or between graduation and the reunion. A few of them surprised her, but most of them had died before their senior year. She was bracing herself for what she knew was coming, though.

Daryl Carmichael came up on the screen. She hoped they would only spend a few seconds on him, but they were spending time on him, showing off his many touchdowns and other accomplishments. He was the quarterback and the head of the debate team. He was also Dee's first love. 

They had dated all through freshman and sophomore year. It was only after Stacy had moved to town and gained everyone's attention that they broke up. He had been made quarter back, so he'd gotten a big head and felt he needed to be with the captain of the cheerleading team. Right before he died they had started seeing each other in secret again, and he was planning on breaking up with Stacy at a party the following weekend.

However, she humiliated him at the party after he did it, so he got wasted and got a ride home from other guys on the team who were wasted. The car wrapped around a tree. It broke her heart, but what she had always been thankful for is that he had called her that night after the breakup and told her he loved her. That was as much as any girl could ask for in that situation.

As the screen faded out, she felt a presence next to her. "Brutal isn't it? Kinda morbid too if you ask me. Though, I bet he's looking down from somewhere just soaking up the attention." Dee looked up at the guy that had taken the space next to her. He had blue eyes and blonde hair. She was pretty sure he'd been on the football team, but she couldn't quite place what position. "Oh, how rude of me," he said as he saw the look Dee was giving him. "I'm Brent Jackson. I wouldn't expect you to recognize me. I was the kicker for the football team; a small guy. Though, not to toot my own horn or anything, I was an excellent kicker. And you are Dee Sanders. You were a cheerleader, and you dated Daryl, right?"

Dee wasn't sure whether to feel flattered or creeped out. "Umm, ya, but how exactly do you know so much about me?"

Brent chuckled, "It's not exactly classified information. You were pretty popular, so everyone pretty much knew that about you. Now, how about instead of listening to them give a lame depressing speech, how about we get out of here and see if we can't have some fun." Dee looked around for Betty and didn't see her anywhere, so she figured she might as well go with this guy. He was right about it feeling depressing now, and what was the point of coming back to high school if you didn't get to have a little fun?

She nodded and followed him, surprised when he led her into the girls' locker room. In front of them were about two dozen brand new cheerleading uniforms. They were definitely skimpier than the ones they'd worn her year. "Go ahead, try one on." Brent beamed at her.

"You're kidding me right?" 

"No, ma'am. Just put it on, for old times' sake and meet me out on the field, okay?" He left the room before she could have a chance to say no. She searched for a cheerleading uniform that looked close to her size. She knew she was bigger now that puberty and womanhood had finally caught up with her. 

She picked a uniform near the middle and began to change. She rushed through the job and snuck out the back door to the football field. 

Making her way onto the field she realized that this was the part of the school that was the most frozen in time. Football had always been and would always be football, and no matter how many times teams played on the field, the groundskeepers would continue to make sure the bleachers and turf looked perfect. "Hey, I was afraid you wouldn't come!" Dee looked around and saw Brent descending toward her from the bleachers. He was wearing a football uniform. 

Even after all these years, a guy in a football uniform always made her swoon. It didn't help this time that she was in a cheerleading uniform. It was just asking for trouble, putting a cheerleader and football player alone together. "So, Dee, how fast can you run?" Confused Dee tilted her head and gave him an inquisitive look, but before she could ask what he meant he tapped her on the shoulder and yelled "Tag; you're it!"

Catching on just as he began running around the field, Dee slipped her shoes off and threw the clothes she came in onto the lowest bench on the bleacher. She ran after him for what felt like forever, but it was probably only a minute or two. When he ran under the bleachers he suddenly stopped, so she took a moment to catch her breath. 

When she noticed he was looking at something she went over to where he was to see, but suddenly he turned around and blocked her way. "You know, I always thought you looked hot in your uniform." He said this while backing her against a beam and smirking. Any other day this might have scared Dee, but instead she felt excited and spontaneously kissed him. She didn't have time to think or be embarrassed, but it turned out it didn't matter because he clearly didn't mind.

He pressed up against her, sweating a little in his borrowed football uniform, and the manly smell turned Dee on a little. She ran her hands underneath the bottom of his jersey, placing her hands on his stomach and moving them around to his back. He shivered for a second in response to her touch and backed up to shrug off the jersey and pads.

Feeling daring and possibly a little frisky, Dee immediately went for his pants and helped pull them off. Luckily, he wasn't wearing the whole uniform, or any boxers for that matter. She giggled with delight as a shocked Brent grabbed her by the waist and whipped her around to give her a swift spanking in punishment for her cheekiness before yanking her skirt and panties down in one fell swoop.

She felt a slight chill as the May wind hit her exposed lower half. "Well, well, well. What do we have here? You've been a very naughty girl Dee." They grinned at each other as he backed her into the beam again, the coldness of the metal stinging her bare skin. Something about being under bleachers at her old high school made her feel young and daring again as if she was the young, hot cheerleader she used to be. It was the most excitement she'd felt in years.

Giving into it all she removed her top and bra, her body now just as exposed as his. For a few moments they stood there, admiring each others' tan and muscular bodies. They'd both evidently kept up with their workouts after high school despite the fact that neither of them had gone on to do any sport professionally. To Dee the scene seemed a bit like a scene out of Paradise Lost, the one where Adam and Eve discovered their sexual desires for each other the first time. They were a man and woman discovering each other in the simplest most animalistic form there was, and somehow there was still something spiritual about it as he desire finally drove her to rush forward and close the small distance between their two bodies.

Their kisses became frantic and sloppy, mixed in with biting, licking, and sucking all over their necks, chests, and faces. They were losing themselves in each other, and that was the best therapy Dee could think of at the moment.

She made sure to rub her body up against him, allowing him to feel her hard nipples and wet pussy warm on his skin, and she could tell it drove him crazy.

He forcefully knocked her to the ground with a thud, only hurting for a moment before they began acting like they were in a wrestling match, one constantly rolling on top of the other to get control.

Finally, Brent won, and Dee squealed with delight as he tweaked her nipples with his thumbs and forefingers. She leaned up and bit down on his lip and pulled it into her mouth to suck on it. She was getting wetter by the second as he started to hump her groin and spread precum all over her lower abdomen. He was thrusting hard enough that her whole body was sliding up and down, getting dirt and grass all over he back and in her hair. She'd probably need a long shower after this.

Done with teasing and playing games, Brent got on his knees and spread her legs far apart, revealing her dripping pussy. For a moment the look on his face reminded Dee of a starving man at a feast. 

He grabbed his shaft and slowly maneuvered the tip into her wet center, and she felt the soft pink flesh stretching to allow his surprising girth inside. He was very calculating, slow, and gentle as he slid the rest of his nine inch cock into her awaiting pussy. As she felt him inside her, filling her up completely, she let out a sigh. It was somehow relieving having him inside her; a sensation she hadn't felt for so long. 

As he began to thrust in and out, at a painfully slow pace, Dee reached her arms up and yanked him downward so she could feel the weight of his body on top of her. She began to lightly rake her freshly manicured nails across his back. 

Clearly liking this, Brent picked up the speed and began to thrust inside her even harder, somehow going even deeper into her soaking center. "Oh, Brent," she whispered into his ear which made him even more excited, and she went form raking her nails on his back to clawing at him, barely able to withstand the amount of pleasure she was experiencing as he banged her hard, his testicles slapping against the top of her ass cheeks. 

She heard the sounds of his moans echo, bouncing off the metal beams above them, and she ran her fingers through his blonde locks, some of them dripping with sweat from the effort he was putting into this. 

She wrapped her legs firmly around his waist forcing him to stay deeper inside her as he thrust in a hard and fast rhythm. His cock inside of her was all she knew, all she could feel, and all she wanted, and she screamed his name out loud not caring if anyone else venturing out for some reminiscing heard them. She could feel that she was getting close to climax, now sweating a little herself, their musty smells mixing into a perfect cologne-like scent. She grabbed onto his neck, squeezing him for dear life and moaned as her pussy began to quiver and squeeze his cock tightly inside of her. 

He mimicked her loudness as her tightness surrounded him, pulsing and coaxing his cock to climax as well. She felt the hot cum pour into her and fill her up as she squeezed him even tighter with their legs. 

They kissed each other all over, full of gratitude for each other. Neither of them seemed ready to let go, but eventually her legs gave out, and Brent hopped up to run out and grab the clothes they had both came to the reunion in. 

As they got dressed they both decided to leave their mark and keep the uniforms under the bleachers. Maybe someone would find them there one day and make their own memories or just simply wonder how they got there.

As they made their way back towards the gymnasium, Dee surveyed Brent's sweaty body. Unlike her he hadn't gotten dirt and grass all over himself, but she was pretty sure he had a few spots on his legs. "I don't know about you, but I think I need a shower."

Brent looked over at her and grinned a toothy smile. "There are showers in the guys' locker room. Wanna join me?" She laughed and nodded, not wanting this feeling that she had to end.

Walking back into the gym, Dee realized it had gotten fuller and all the lights were back on. Betty was standing near the back door talking with some people Dee was pretty sure used to be a part of the marching band. Betty caught site of her and did a double take. Her hair probably looked pretty crazy, like someone had dug her out of a hole in the ground. 

Betty had a shocked look on her face and was obviously about to ask what in the world had happened to her, but then Brent grabbed onto Dee's hand and started dragging her towards the locker rooms. Betty had just enough time to wink and give Dee a thumbs up before they disappeared into the crowd, hopefully not distracting anyone else.

They got into the guys' locker room and immediately stripped, carelessly throwing clothing everywhere. They raced each other to the last shower, and Brent lifted an eyebrow at her. "So, do you wanna wash me?" Dee didn't know if it was a joke or not, but frankly she didn't care. She was happy to oblige, and she wasn't going to let the moment pass her by, not tonight. It was her high school reunion, and she planned to make it as big and exciting as high school itself.