 He awoke slowly, comfortable and content with the knowledge that today would provide him with the opportunity he'd never stopped dreaming about.

Stretching languidly, he rolled onto his back to commence the inevitable massage of the throbbing flesh protruding erect from his groin.

It was a Saturday and the examinations were finally behind him. He knew he'd done well enough to be assured of entry to the second year of study at university and was looking forward to a couple of months freedom from the disciplines of scholastic life.


The sun streaming through the window warmed his body as he kicked the sheet aside to provide freedom of movement for the task in hand.

Gently he grasped the pulsating shaft, moving the skin back and forth without urgency as he luxuriated with his thoughts of the day's promise. He summoned up the dream girl within his imagination and visualised himself caressing her naked form.

Alone, now that Pete, his flat mate, had departed to take up vacation employment in the south of France, there was no pressure on him to get up and he was in a mood that demanded sexual relief.

He had intended to spend the holiday with his parents in the Midlands, but the unexpected turn of events between Pete and Laura had quickly changed his mind.

Lovely Laura, his dream girl, had been going out with his mate for nearly six months. A fellow student living a short distance away, she had become his secret obsession. At nineteen she was the essence of the classic English rose. Of medium height, with a slender figure and bubbly personality, she had the basic ingredients of an attractive teenager, but with the addition of her long blonde tresses, pale skin and cool green eyes, she became a sensual beauty. She didn't flaunt her charms, spending most of the day dressed in baggy T-shirts and long flowing skirts, but Joe had seen enough to become captivated.

Trouble was, as Pete's girl, she was out of reach. He had too much loyalty towards his friend to muscle in and, by all accounts, they were a well matched pair anyway.

Week after week he'd suffered Pete's boasting of their performance together.

"She's like a firecracker," he'd bragged. "Once I get my pecker up inside her it lights a fuse that's uncontrollable. She comes at the first thrust and has another great bunch of orgasms before I'm finished."

"A nympho that can't wait for it. She has me between her thighs so quickly it barely gives me time to get a hard on."

Joe found that one difficult to believe since he was sure nobody could be with Laura without a permanent erection, but he suffered agonies imagining them together.

"Tight and juicy, that's the only way I can describe her gorgeous little honey pot," Pete took delight in feeding him the intimate details. "Best bonk I've ever had."

Despite nearly losing his mind with jealousy, Joe continued to nurture their friendship while acting out a secret fantasy with the dream girl every night, seeking solitary relief from his heartache.

Then, last week, the bombshell came out of the blue.

"I'm jacking her in," his mate had muttered over a pint. "Her appetite is killing me. The demands have been getting more and more outrageous. She wants it in every orifice she's got and now refuses to let me use a condom. I've told her enough is enough and we've split."

It was the best news Joe could wish for.

With bated breath he'd called her and asked for a date.

To his surprise, she'd agreed and this evening he was taking her to the cinema.

Wound up with excitement he wondered if he would be allowed to assume his friend's previous role.

He visualised her laying naked on the bed, ready for sex and beseeching him to join her.

His hand pumped vigorously at the pulsating pole between his thighs while allowing the fantasy to take him to his goal. With buttocks clenched, he imagined the initial thrust into her moist interior and promptly passed the point of no return. Horrified, he felt his member spasm just a second before the warm fluid hit his belly.

Hell, she won't be very impressed with that sort of performance, he thought angrily, remembering Pete's bragging. Premature ejaculation is something I can do without!

It wasn't as if he was without experience. He'd been with other girls in the past without problems, but then, they were only casual affairs. Right now he had the hots for Laura and wasn't sure he could restrain himself sufficiently to stay in command.

Nothing would be more embarrassing than shooting off before she's had any pleasure, Joe reflected with panic. The only possible redemption would be a quick recovery.

How quickly could he restore his libido? Once again he conjured up a mental picture of her naked body and was rewarded with an interested twitch from his flaccid flesh. Concentrating all his attention at the junction of her slender thighs thankfully provided the proof of his potential as his penis jerked perpendicular.

Considerably relieved, his fingers rejoined his revitalised rod and resumed the exercise, this time deliberately stimulating himself close to a climax and then backing off until his control was restored. He practised for an hour before finally allowing his aching appendage to spill for a second time, by now reasonably confident his efficiency would pass muster.....

He observed her while she watched the film, finding her profile more interesting than the action on the screen and wondering how to handle the situation after the show.

Later, sat opposite her at a bar table and totally hypnotised by those vibrant green eyes, he was still debating his strategy.

Should he go through a charade of making out to seduce her or be more direct about his intentions?

The more he recalled Pete's revelations, the more he was convinced the play acting was unnecessary.

"So where do we fuck?" Joe finally asked, throwing caution to the winds. "Your place or mine?"

Laura was obviously startled by the question and took a long drink from her glass, recovering her composure before providing an answer.

"If that's what you intend we should do," she whispered, "I guess your place is as good as any."

Great, he thought with elation, that's the preliminaries out of the way. Now I've only got to prove I can deliver the goods and she's mine.

He kissed her briefly in the taxi and again while ushering her into the flat.

She was quiet, almost subdued, until he edged her into the bedroom. Then, suddenly, she strode purposefully over to the divan and turned to face him as she undressed.

It didn't take long. She kicked her shoes off, pulled the T-shirt over her head and dropped her skirt. Completely naked, she bent and sat on the edge of the bed.

"I'm all yours," she said softly to Joe, who was still gob-smacked by her lack of underclothes. "I'll take my lead from you but please be gentle with me."

He gazed at the vision before him, gradually taking in her perfection.

The blonde hair, still tousled from stripping off the shirt, framed her pale face. The green orbs that were her eyes, glinting as if wet by a tear. The tiny snub nose and trembling lips that made him feel weak at the knees. The smooth skin of her neck that swept down to the breasts that lifted in time with her heavy breathing. The swell of her belly above the smooth, depilated fanny, partially hidden between her closed thighs.

No underclothes, no body hair and no nonsense, Joe registered each of the facts without recognising any hesitancy on her part.

"Are you okay?" Laura asked quietly, bemused by his inaction.

"Yes, of course," he snapped out of his reverie, threw off his clothes and moved towards her instantly.

This is it, he mentally geared himself for the fray. For God's sake take it easy and don't cock it up when she starts to fizz.

Rising to meet him, Laura inclined her mouth for a kiss, wrapped her arms around his waist and pressed their bodies together.

Here we go, Joe muttered to himself as he toppled her onto the bed.

He brushed her lips with his own and felt her tongue trespass against his teeth. Tentatively he moved a hand to her breast and felt her shiver as he grazed the nipple. His rigid weapon twitched a response before his other hand crept slowly towards the smooth mound above her intimate opening.

A sharp intake of breath from his companion registered the arrival of his fingers over the silky skin and into the target.

He could feel she was wet and ready.

Barely breathing, he moved between her legs and eased his sensitive shaft between the fleshy lips of her tunnel and pushed.

It slid in up to the hilt but, by crikey, it was tight.

Joe, surprised by the constriction of her muscles rippling along his penis, almost climaxed on the spot.

Remaining still, not daring to move for some considerable time, he eventually recovered sufficient confidence to slowly withdraw a few inches and thrust in hard.

Again he paused, this time expecting the onset of her first orgasm, but Laura's only reaction was to issue a low sigh.

He looked into her face and caught a gentle smile as he prepared for another push.

This time she clenched her groin to hold him even firmer and he flipped out of control, squirting his juice deep within her body.

He felt her spasm as his fluid jetted, but there was still no evidence of the expected wanton release.

What a failure! His subconscious mind screamed at him as he tried to come to terms with the situation.

Only one more chance, logic finally prevailed as he decided to hang on in there and recover for another attempt.

Taking his weight onto his arms, a quick glance revealed Laura biting her bottom lip as she looked up at the ceiling. His eyes swept down to her breasts and over her belly to the spot where he could see his rod embedded within her.

The sight was enough to make the blood pulse through his core, causing his organ to swell to its erect proportions.

They moved together, each seeking to make the most of this second opportunity and maintained a unified tempo of movement until, after what seemed eternity, Joe finally felt his partner moving towards her zenith.

He slowed, teasing the approaching climax into greater intensity until, with a smothered gasp, she came and simultaneously milked his second offering.

Collapsed into a heap, they clung together until Joe's breathing was restored to something like normal.

"I'm sorry," he muttered his apology. "I thought I could do better than that. I hope you don't feel too let down?"

"Why should I feel that?" Laura asked sharply. "We both managed to go all the way, didn't we?"

"Yes, but I hardly matched the performance you've had from Pete."

"Pardon!"

"He told me you were a multi-orgasmic nymphomaniac who could be sent to heaven several times between each of his own comings."

"Did he?" Laura's eyes flashed with anger. "Then he's been telling you a pack of lies. I've never had sex with him, let alone an orgasm. Oh, he tried to persuade me several times and once threatened to rape me, but it fizzled out when he came in his pants before getting his belt undone."

"But I thought you two were a couple?" Joe murmured, suddenly feeling very happy with the truth.

"Not really. I only went out with him to stay close to you, hoping some day you might show a spark of interest in me," Laura smiled mischievously. "I'd almost given you up as a bad job, but I must admit, you were worth waiting for."

"So my performance didn't disappoint you?"

"Certainly not, I've never enjoyed anything better," she grinned and then pouted provocatively, "but, if you want to turn me into a multi-orgasmic what's it, we'd better get on with some practice..."

                                                         M.P.