 Professor Sydney Bailey-Hawthorne awoke like she always does to NPR on the radio. As normal she rolled over to press the snooze button, the first of what normally would be several times. However, the deep pain from last night's session made her reconsider moving. Tina really worked her over, Sydney thought. Everything hurt; her arms, shoulders, back, butt and legs ached from the intense activity. She sighed, no use going back to sleep. But getting up would be a chore!

Was the two years of sweat, grunting, Tina yelling orders, demanding more, telling Sydney "you got to want it," forcing her to exceed all limitation, was it worth it? Sydney smiled and realized yes it was worth it. She would suffer through the morning, take it easy today, may be even soak in a bath this evening, but would be back with Tina on Saturday for another session. 

The Professor let out a groan as she pushed back the bed clothes and rose. She popped her neck, then her shoulders, spine, hips, knees, and ankles. Finally, standing, she ventured in to the bathroom. After completing her morning rituals, she tuned to brush her teeth and saw her reflection in the mirror. She saw that reflection everyday, but it had been a long time since she REALLY saw herself. She smiled, whispering to her self, "Damn yes it was worth it!" Sydney turned on the water to warm it up and went to her closet to pick her clothes for the day. Returning to the shower, Sydney considered Tina, whose mixture of drill sergeant and artist had worked her magic. After two year at the Bedford Falls Wellness Clinic, Sydney Bailey-Hawthorne, professor of mathematics, mother of two, and wife of 20 years, had finally achieved her goal of loosing 100 pounds and irrevocably admitted she looked good. And a lot of the credit goes to Tina Tilley, her personal trainer. Smiling, she stepped into the shower and let the warm water relax her muscles.

Nate Hawthorn had completed his morning chores and entered the bathroom. 

"How do you feel this morning?" he asked.

"Sore. Washing my hair was an effort this morning. I can barely raise my arms. I think Tina takes some perverse pleasure in my discomfort. Would you wash my back, please?" Sydney asked sweetly.

"Certainly," he answered. "I think your right, but as far as I am concerned, she can have all the fetishes she wants as long as she continues to get results. You look great." He told her as he scrubbed her back. Two years of exercise and diet had produced a more svelte and health Sydney. Gone was the lethargic college professor who fell asleep while grading papers. Sydney had been tranformed in to a sleek, sexy bundle of energy. He admired her toned back and firm butt as he soaped her skin. Her abs, legs and arms all had tightened up. He wished he could join her in the shower, feeling her warm skin, slick and soft skin against his, but that was not in the cards this morning.

"There you go," he told her. "I've gotta run. Got a call at nine to be on. I should actually be able to leave a little early today. You have Remedial Algebra this morning?"

"Yes, but we are testing so it should be easy. Can you help me with the grading this weekend?"

"Sure, I'll just add it to the tab. See you tonight." He kissed her and pulled the curtain shut.

Sydney shaved, making sure her "Privates" where trimmed close (Something she surprised Nate with after loosing her first 50 pounds). She rinsed, reluctantly turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. After drying, she wrapped herself in a towel and exited the bathroom and got dressed. She went to the place she left her clothes and found a pair of sweats and an envelope. She opened it and read:

Dear Nee Nee:

I know how hard you have been working these past couple of years. I should go and kiss Dr. Melbourne (But he may hit me) for suggesting you attend Bedford Falls. Not only have you gotten your chlorestoral and blood pressure under control, you look fabulous. I honestly believe you look better now than when I met you some 25 years ago. I realized some time ago that the sacrifices you made were not for you. You made them for me and the kids. So as a reward, I have arranged for us to get a way for a couple of days.

No need to worry about your classes and the kids. Jordan is in on this and she will cover your classes and have someone grade your tests. Nick and Cristal will be fine alone, they are old enough to stay by themselves and I asked Mr. and Mrs. Lewis to keep an eye out.

You have to be at the Mountain View Spa and Inn by 12:30. Your first appointment is at 1:30 and you will need to have lunch (which is already ordered). I will meet you there. No need to pack, I have everything you need with me. Now get dressed and get that firm ass moving. It's a long drive. Directions are in your car.

Love, Nathaniel

"Damn him!" she cursed as tears welled up in her eyes and the towel dropped to the floor. She stood there, naked, reading the note a couple of times more. "I am going to make sure he has just as good of a time as I do," she vowed. She looked at the clock, "Shit, got to move," she exclaimed. Sydney Bailey-Hawthorne, professor of mathematics, mother of two, and wife of 20 years, decided for this weekend, she would not be a professor of mathematics, and only when necessary a mother of two. No this weekend she was going to be simply Sydney, loving wife and passionate lover. She quickly dressed, grabbed her keys, and started off up the road.

######

"I'm so damn horny ..." Sydney thought to herself as she entered the parking lot of the spa. The four hour drive to the inn was filled with wild fantasies and vivid memories. It was with super-human effort that she was able to keep from pulling over and "twiddling" until she exploded. But, boy did she need to! Sidney looked at her sweatpants, paranoid that she was leaking through. She was surprised they were was dry, being her panties felt extremely warm and saturated. 

She entered the lobby of the inn, walked to the front desk, and introduced herself. "Yes, Professor Hawthorne," the handsome man said. The clerk presented Sydney her room key, informing her that her lunch will be delivered in 15 minutes. "House salad, a cup of seafood chowder, corn muffin, and a raspberry iced tea," the desk clerk told her.

"He does think of everything," Sydney whispered to herself as she followed the direction to her room. "I hope he has thought of how much I need him and planned my relief".

The "room" was actually a cabin a short walk from the lobby. It was not what one would consider small. There was a main sitting room, with fireplace, plush sofa and two over sized chairs, and a bedroom with a king-sized canopy bed. As lovely as the other too rooms were it was the bath is what caught her attention. It was the size of the bedroom and contained a tub the size of a small pool, a separate shower made for two, plus a sauna. A central fireplace separated the three rooms.

On the bed was another envelope. Sydney lay on the bed and read:

My Dearest Sydney:

I hope the drive was pleasant and uneventful. I also hope you kept both hands on the steering wheel (wink). 

Today is for you and I have arranged some much deserved pampering. Lunch should arrive soon. It is light because the dinners here are five star and very rich. No need to fill up at lunch. Your first appointment is with the masseuse at 1:30. Do not be late, Yuri is a temperamental Russian (Did you know Yuri is Russian for log? Take that metaphor where you will). At 2:30 you visit Halima (Her name means gentle in Arabic) for a facial, manicure, and pedicure. At 4:00 you have scheduled a relaxing soak in the whirlpools which use the local spring water. Some say that have "interesting" effect on people. I am interested to see what they mean. 

Have a good afternoon and I will see you later.

Love, Nate

"Damn Him!" Sydney said to no one in particular. "Damn, damn, and double damn I'm horny. Curses on him for making me a dripping wreck without laying a finger on me. Oh the things I am going to do when I see that ...MAN!" She closed her eyes and moved her hand slow into her pants and begain to fantasize about she and Nate. Just as she was close to give herself relief, someone knocked on the door. 

"DAMN! Who is it?" Sydney yelled.

"Room Service," came the answer.

She opened the door to see a bright young face of maybe 22, smartly dressed white shirt and black slacks. In her state, she looked hungrily at the sacrifice. "Where would you like me to put it, Ma'am?" 

She stared at the young stud and stifled a giggle. "Just set it on the table." The waiter gave her a questioning look and put the tray where she instructed. "Is there anything I need to sigh?" she asked. "No it was all taken care of, including tip. Is there anything else you need?" 

Using all her internal fortitude from ripping her clothes off and yell "Fuck me you young stud," Sydney simply told the youth, "No! Thank you!"

"OK Professor. You have a good stay," he said as he left.

She eyed the food and realized she was hungry and not just for sausage. She also looked at the clock. It was 1:15. Oh Hell. Her relief will have to wait. All the better to wait until she could get her hands on Nate.

Quickly finishing the soup and salad (which was phenomenal), she gathered her room key and started off to the spa. She found her way and arrived precisely at 1:30. She walked up to the striking young woman behind the desk and introduced herself at the desk. "Yes, Professor Hawthorne ... My name is Georgi, Georgiana actually, please come with me," the tall brunette said. Sydney followed the young woman, thinking "Is everyone young and beautiful here?"

Georgi retrieved a towel from a closet, and placed it on a stool beside a shower. "We find that a quick hot shower helps people relax and exemplifies the effect of the message. The water is the local spring water. Just ring the bell when you are finished and have dried off. Natural soaps and shampoos are provided in the shower and will sensitive your skin," she informed Sydney.

Sydney disrobed and climbed into the shower, putting her clothes into the satin bag that Georgi had left for her. The water felt great and the soaps and shampoo smelled wonderful. She wanted to stay in there for ever and even through serious of masturbating. But she decided against that even though her body screamed for relief. 

Finishing up she wrapped herself in the towel and rang the bell. She pulled herself onto the table as Yuri entered. He stood about six feet tall, late 20s, early 30s she surmised, bald with the most piercing set of grey eyes. He had an athletic build, fit but not overly muscular. Like a swimmer or a gymnast Sydney thought. He looked really good in his tight white t-shirt and his tight slacks. What was it Nate had said in the note? Yuri means log. The Professor dared a glance. A picture immediately entered Sydney mind and in her sex-crazed state became very vivid and served as a catalyst of greater desire. "Damn Him," she whispered.

"Pardon Madam?" Yuri asked

"Uh ... Oh! ... Nothing. Sorry. Was just thinking out loud. So Yuri, what do I do?" 

"Please lie on this table here and make yourself comfortable," Yuri instructed. She did so. He covered her with a clean sheet. "Please remove the towel," he asked in a very sensual and exotic voice. It was a little difficult but she managed to disrobe and not expose herself.

"Please professor, relax and let Yuri drive all cares away." His voice was so exotic. Sydney knew a few Russian professors. They were typically rumpled men with gravelly voices. Yuri's voice was very different. It was smooth, with just enough of an accent to make it exotic, like something out of James Bond. 

Yuri started with her feet. She knew right off that he definitely was a professional. She loved to have her feet messaged and Nate was very good. But Yuri ... well it was indescribable. Sydney, already on the verge of an embarrassing explosion, was pushed closer to the edge. Yuri's fingers knew exactly what to do. His fingers expertly soothed her toes, arches, and ankles, sending a combination of relaxing vibration and sensual pulses. Sydney's mind filled with erotic episodes. 

As Yuri continued up Sydney's legs, he commented, "You have exquisite skin and your muscles are very tone. Most of my clients are flabby." The exotic smoothness of Yuri's voice combined with Nate's metaphor was just too much for her senses. As much as she tried Sydney could not get the fantasy of her and Yuri out of her mind. They were in a fairy tale palace, beside a fire, wrapped in furs, sipping vodka. He was caressing her and talking sweetly. His caresses, sensitive and sensual, awoke still deeper lust. She felt guilty about the fantasy but no matter how she tried, a naked, well endowed Yuri stood strong in her mind. 

"Georgi tells me you are a math-a-matics professor," Yuri crooned. 

"Uh ... Yes, I teach basic math at Valley Northern Community College," Sydney stammered.

"You would think that being Russian, I would like math-a-matics. But no. I was never very good. I preferred music and dance. I need you to roll over please," Yuri said.

Sydney did as she was asked, closed her eyes and let Yuri's magic fingers work their wonders. Her mind drifted back into the palace. This time, Georgi was in her place. Sydney was the observer. In her mind she watched as Yuri gently removed Georgiana's furs, letting them fall sensually to the floor. She stood before Yuri, naked, her breasts defying gravity. Her butt, firm and round, he stomach, flat and toned, her privates shaved clean. Sydney pictured Georgi moving to the floor, kneeling in front of Yuri. Geori took his flaccid and sizable manhood in her fingers, lifted it up and placed a gentle kiss on its tip. It reacted with a slight jump. Georgi then began to stroke his cock, this time it reacted more noticably. She kissed it again and then engulfed the head. Still gently stroking, she encouraged it to grow larger. Georgi again slipped the head between her lips and this time took more into her mouth. She slowly slip ever growing member out, then again, slowly pushed her lips over the head and shaft until she could not take any more in. Slowly she removed it and stroked it, twisting her hand as she pushed it up its length. Sydney say Yuri's cock grow to proportion she had only seen in the porn she and Nate occasionally watch. Yuri's cock grew steadily until it was fully erect, standing straight and proud. Georgi slipped it through the lips and out one last time before grabbing Yuri's hips and guiding him to the floor.

Georgiana straddled Yuri lowering herself onto his erect manhood. She watched as Yuri slipped slowly and smoothly into Georgi. There was no sound, just the picture of the lovers, pleasuring each other in the red-gold glow of a fire. Georgi's full, heavy, firm breasts swayed and bounced as she repeatedly impaled herself upon Yuri. Sydney could see clearly the young woman's sleek, muscular back and toned shoulders, beginning to glisten with sweat as she thrust down to meet Yuri's complementary upward thrust. Sydney glimpse the sheen of slickness on Yuri's engorged shaft. She envisioned Yuri's chest, shiny with slick wetness. Sydney's fire burned hotter as she envisioned the two lovers entwined in a lustful, passionate, very erotic embrace. Georgi and Yuri exuded primal sexual power and lusts from their athletic beauty. Sydney could sense their climax climbing, like the dark liquid in a thermometer. Higher and hotter it climbed, inching to the very pinnacle of the lovers' fervor, their covetous fire hotter then the flames in the fireplace. Although there was no sound, Sydney knew the earthy, animal like sounds emanating from the pair. Georgi arched her back, grabbing viselike to Yuri's arms, her breasts, full and shimmering with perspiration, thrusted out. Yuri's head was back also, thrusting with more power, more energy, more lust. Sydney knew that the end was near for the pair. Each destined to explode all-consuming orgasm. 

"Professor Hawthorne ... Professor Hawthorne ... Madam I am finished," Sydney heard Yuri's voice and as the cruel light of reality pierced her dream. "How do you feel?" he asked. 

"Just wonderful. I must have fallen asleep. I am sorry I could not be better company," Sydney apologized.

"Not to worry, many have fallen asleep on this table. Although few provide praise while asleep," Yuri said with an innocent smile. "I believe you have a few minutes to clean up before Halima arrives. Georgi has left a new towel and a robe for you by the shower. Is there anything else I can do you? Yuri asked as he lowered the table so Sydney could get off gracefully.

"No, thank you. You are very good. Thank you for such a wonderful experience. Is there something I need to sign," Sydney mentioned as she sat up. 

"No, professor, your husband took care of everything. If you do not mind me saying, Mr. Hawthorne seems to be a very caring husband. I only hope I can make Georgi as happy as I think he makes you. We are to be married this summer," he volunteered.

"Congratulation and I have a feeling that you two will have a very long, happy, and fulfilled life together," Sydney told him as he left the room.