 It was raining as her mother stopped the car in front of The Richmond House, a rehabilitation center for girls. Setting in the office of Claire Jackson, the director. Annie just listened with a totally disinterested look as the woman explained the program offered at Richmond House. "We accept girls with all sorts of what the courts want to call social disorders." Claire said.

When Annie's mother started to discuss all of Annie's failings like running away and lying and stealing money, Claire just waved her off. "That simply is not what's important to us." Claire said. She looked at Annie. "I assure you that I will deliver back to you a respectful, conscientious daughter who is ready to function well in this world of ours."

"Well, I guess that's all I can ask." Annie's mother stood and thanked Claire, ran a hand over her daughter's head and left. Claire stood and said. "Follow me."

Claire walked Annie up a flight of stairs and down a long hall to what would be her room for the next three months. The meager allotment of clothing and personal items she had been allowed to bring along, a single suitcase, had already been removed from the trunk of her mom's car and placed on her bed.

Claire said. "Set down." And pointed to a chair against the far wall next to a window. As Annie moved to the chair, Claire unzipped the suitcase and dumped it on the bed. 

Annie objected. "Hey, that's my stuff."

Claire walked around the bed and up close to Annie. She placed a single finger on the girl's lips. "Shush." She instructed.

"Shush?" Annie said. "What the fuck does that mean?"

Claire knelt in front of Annie and took her face in both hands and looked at her. "Now listen to me." Claire said. "I never like disciplining, but I promise you I will. When I do, you won't like it either." She stood up but was still looking at Annie. "Do you understand me?"

Annie set still for a few seconds but when Claire's stare failed to end, she just nodded. Claire went back to her objective on the bed. 

As she sorted through Annie's clothes, she made no comment until she picked up a bra. She walked it over to a trashcan and held it. She looked at Annie and put a finger to her lips indicating that she should be quiet. She dropped the bra into the can. She returned to the bed. "Black lacy bras do not belong here." She said.

As Claire continued to sort Annie's clothes, she began picking out underwear. When she had gathered up all five pair she had brought, she looked at Claire as she held out the tiny bikini panties. "Disgusting." She said and proceeded to toss them into the can as well.

"What am I supposed to wear?" Annie said. Claire immediately stopped what she was doing and walked back to in front of Annie. Annie reflectively covered her face. 

Claire set down on the edge of the bed near Annie. "Is that what you're wearing now?"

Annie nodded.

"Give them to me." Claire demanded.

"But." Annie started. Claire leaned over and put the fingers of her left hand under Annie's chin, then she raised her right hand and Annie flinched.

"It would be so easy." Claire said. "It would be so much easier if you just did what you were told. Give them to me."

Annie slowly stood and unbuttoned her jeans, pulling down the zipper. Her hands were trembling as she lowered her jeans and stepped out of them. With her thumbs now in the waistband of her panties, she eased them over her hips and down her thighs. She stepped out of them. Claire looked at the girl. She was tall and slim and tan and gorgeous. 'I do love my job' she thought.

Clair held out her hand and Annie placed the pair of panties in it. Claire then bent down and pulled out a drawer in a nightstand beside Annie. She removed a package of six white cotton boy's briefs. She ripped the package open and handed a pair to Annie. 

Annie looked at them and started to object again. Claire unfolded the briefs and held them by the top. "In." She ordered. Annie lifted a foot and stepped into them and then the other. Slowly Claire worked the briefs up her legs and over her butt. When they were in place, Claire ran her hands over the girl's hips and bottom. "Good fit." She said. "Now the bra."

Annie pulled her tee shirt over her head and unsnapped the front clasp of her bra. She pealed it off and handed it to Claire.

Claire dropped the items in the can and went back to the bed to sort the rest of Annie's clothes. Everything else she had brought was apparently acceptable except for one top that was cropped at mid stomach. That was also tossed. "Put your things away. Your dinner will be at six." Claire looked at her watch. "Thirty minutes." She picked up the trashcan and left the room closing the door.

Annie heard the door click so she immediately went to try the knob. The room locked from the hallway. Claire stood on the other side of the door and watched as the knob tried to turn. She smiled.

Shortly after six, a girl about her own age, arrived to lead her to the cafeteria. At six forty five, the same girl returned and looked at the barely touched food and led her back to her room.

Annie had read a long list of house rules framed on the wall. So when the lights blinked at ten P.M. she knew it was bedtime. She removed her jeans and crawled into bed in her tee and new little boy pants that she hated.

Thirty minutes later she was still awake when she heard a key slide into the lock on the door. When it opened Claire was standing there. She closed the door and walked over to the bed. "I knew you would still be awake. It's so hard to adjust the first few nights." Claire stood beside Annie's bed and unbuckled the belt of her skirt. She stepped out of it letting it lay on the floor. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse and it fell from her shoulders to join the skirt. Claire unsnapped her bra and dropped it. She ran her fingers over her breasts as she always did when they were first freed. Claire watched the girl as she watched Claire.

"How about I help you relax so you can get to sleep?" Claire whispered.

"I'm fine." Annie protested.

"OK, then how about you help me relax?" Claire's thumbs found the top of her panties and she pushed them down and stepped out of them. She raised a knee and eased herself up onto the bed. When Annie started to roll away, Claire grabbed her arm and pushed her onto her back. She lowered her mouth next to Annie's ear. "Easy, hard, I really don't care but we are going to do this." She placed a kiss on Annie's cheek. "But truly. I much prefer easy."

Claire straddled the girl and worked her way up so her sex was directly over Annie's mouth. Claire patted Annie's cheek. "This is how I get to know each of my new girls." Claire lowered herself to Annie's lips and held herself there. Finally she felt the glorious touch of a young girl's tongue. "Oh yes," She whispered. "Right there." 

Claire was working her hips as Annie ran her tongue along her labia. "In side me." Claire said. Annie eased her tongue into Claire's vagina and worked it around. Claire was breathing hard and humping Annie's face. She had been grunting for a few minutes and her juices were dripping on Annie's chin. When her orgasm hit, Claire wrapped her fingers in Annie's hair and held her tight as she came in waves.

A few minutes later, Claire was leaning her head against the wall as Annie began to squirm, still trapped beneath her. Claire's breathing was calming and she let out a soft laugh as she imagined the young girl struggling between her legs. Slowly she lifted her right leg and rolled over. She slid down onto her back next to Annie. 

When she looked over at the girl, Annie was looking back at her. "Again." Claire said and pulled the girl over on top of her and then, with her hands on Annie's shoulders, she pushed the girl down between her legs. Claire drew her knees up high and took Annie's head in her hands, guiding her lips back to her sex.

Without protest, Annie pushed her tongue deep into Claire. "Let's take our time sweetie. We have plenty." Claire whispered.

Annie began to make long licks along her labia and flicking her tongue over Claire's clit. Claire began a slow rocking of her hips in time with Annie's tongue. When she finally had her second orgasm, she locked her legs around Annie's head and fucked herself onto her mouth until all trace of passion had passed. She eventually let her legs fall to the bed and in a few more minutes she rolled the girl over and got up. She went into the bathroom. When she returned, she had a warm wet cloth and she washed Annie's face.

Claire leaned down and placed a soft but very passionate kiss onto Annie's lips. "You were wonderful." She said. Annie didn't move. "I have you for the next three months" Claire kissed her again. "I'm going to make a very responsible and reliable and loving girl out of you."

She saw Annie nod her head. Claire leaned in with her lips close to Annie's ear. "I will be asking a lot of you." Annie nodded again. Claire wrapped the fingers of her left hand into Annie's hair. She twisted hard so she knew it hurt. "I never want to hear you use the word NO again." Annie nodded. Claire kissed her again and let her tongue slide into her mouth. She then released Annie and stood. She gathered up her clothes and slowly dressed as Annie watched. She left, closing the door. Annie heard the lock click 

It had been three days since her arrival and her late night visit from Claire. She was settled into a daily schedule of chores and counseling sessions and a small amount of free time with the other girls. That's where she was now, reading a magazine in the large common area, when Patty Ferguson, another resident and the girl who led her to daily meals, stopped in front of her. "Claire wants to see you on her office."

Annie looked at her. "I'm supposed to take you there." Annie stood up as Patty turned and headed out of the room. Annie followed her. Patty knocked on Claire's door and the two waited. Shortly the door opened and Claire said. "Thank you Patty, you can go." Patty turned and headed back to the common area.

Claire moved to the side and Annie entered the large office. Sandra Knox, a counselor with whom Annie had sessions with on each of the last two days was setting on a small sofa. Claire pointed to a chair and Annie set down. Claire leaned against her desk and finally eased herself up to set on top of it. She held out her hand to Sandra and Sandra stood up and moved to beside Claire. Both women were tall and very pretty. Both of them looked at Annie.

When Claire spoke, she said. "Sandra has been very impressed with you." Claire stood. "I have decided to let her have some time alone with you." Claire walked over to Annie and took her hand, pulling her to her feet. "Do you understand me?" When Annie hesitated, Claire added. "That's like telling me no." Claire whispered. "Do you really want to do that?" Annie shook her head.

Claire went to the door. She looked back at Sandra. "An hour, no more." Claire flipped the door lock before she pulled it closed.

When Annie looked at Sandra she had already unzipped her skirt and dropped it to the floor. She said. "I like my girls to be naked when they do me." Sandra pulled her panties down and stepped out of them.

Annie unzipped her jeans and pushed them down. When they were free, she pulled off her tee and then worked her underwear down. By the time she was undressed, Sandra had turned around and was leaning over the desk. "Come here." Sandra ordered. "Annie walked to her. "Do me this way." Sandra said. "Now."

Annie slowly knelt behind Sandra and began to lick her sex from clit to her anus and work her tongue into her vagina. As she explored the inner walls of Sandra's sex, Sandra's ass began to rock and she could hear her moan as she shoved deep into her. Twenty minutes of Annie's attention had given Sandra an incredible orgasm and as it subsided, she demanded that Annie keep doing her so she could cum a second time.

Unfortunately the door lock clicked before that could happen. "I know I'm early but something just came up and I will need my office." Claire said.

"Fuck." Sandra complained as Annie pulled away from her, still on her knees. "I know what you mean." Claire said. "But this is important."

Sandra struggled to her feet and began gathering up her clothes. Claire put her hand under Annie's chin but was talking to Sandra. "I'll arrange another visit for you two real soon, I promise." Annie started to stand up but Claire put a hand on her shoulder. When Sandra was dressed and gone, Claire looked at Annie who was still on her knees. "So, what do you think about that?"

Annie had a strange look on her face. Claire laughed. "Serving women?" Claire asked.

Annie shrugged her shoulders. "You mean to tell me that I put your sweet little lips between a beautiful woman's legs and that's all you can do? Shrug?"

Annie hesitated. "It's not so bad." She said. "Not like I thought it would be?"

"Well." Claire said. "That's just great." She moved between Annie and the desk. She slowly eased her skirt up until her panties were totally in view. "Take them off." She said.

Annie placed her thumbs into Claire's panties and started pulling them down. "This place needs a lot of money to operate." Claire said as she lifted a foot so Annie could pull them free. "Sometime we have our girls bring in extra money." Claire added as Annie ran her hands up the outside of her legs. "Once in a while, our wealthy benefactors want personal visits with my girls." Claire pulled Annie forward and pressed Annie's lips to her sex. "I'm going to give you to a couple of those wealthy ladies tonight." Annie stiffened. Claire put her hand on the back of Annie's head and eased her back onto her sex. "Concentrate sweetie. These women are very demanding and they won't tolerate daydreaming."

When Claire had finally finished cumming, she whispered. "Get dressed." But she just lay back on the desk. When Annie's clothes were back in place, Claire said, "Go to your room and have a shower."

At seven thirty Claire entered Annie's room. She was carrying some clothes in one arm. Annie was on the edge of her bed. "Get undressed." Claire ordered. Annie stood and pulled off her tee shirt and slid her jeans down and off. She wiggled her hips getting the briefs down. Claire looked her over from head to toe. She ran the fingers of her left hand over Annie's smoothly shaved mound. "Nice."

Clair handed her a bra and when Annie had hooked the front snaps and slipped on the straps, she saw that it was a half-cup bra and her small breasts were cradled but her nipples were on full display. Then came a garter belt, which Annie put on. When Claire handed her white hose, she set back on the bed and carefully pulled them up her legs.

Claire came over and hooked the garter straps to the hose to make sure they were perfect. Claire handed her a pair of very sexy white lace panties. Annie took them and thought it very odd since Claire had taken all of hers away. Annie pulled them on.

Claire walked around her and admired the beauty before her. She then held out a white dress and Annie stepped into it. Claire pulled up the back zipper. The dress was short and pleated at the waist and thin straps just concealed the bra straps. Her breasts were also barely covered.

"I bet you drove the little boys wild." Claire said as she looked at Annie. "When did you lose your virginity?" 

Annie thought. "Two years ago." She said. "Why?"

Claire smiled at her. "No reason." Claire held out a hand. When Annie took it, Claire pulled her close. "I almost want to keep you for myself." Claire led her out into the hall and down to the stairway. Claire started up to the third floor and Annie had never been up there before. At the top of the stairs, the two walked down the hall to a set of double doors. When Claire opened one of them, she put a hand on Annie's back and guided her in first. The room was like a huge master bedroom. A king bed was against a far wall and a seating area with two sofas was in front of her. At the opposite wall was a bar and the outside wall had three sets of French doors leading to a deck overlooking an expanse of woods, and hills beyond. 

Two women set on a sofa beside each other. They looked to be mid-thirties or so and quite pretty and very well groomed. They could be sisters, Annie thought and she wondered just how this might work. "Annie, this is Teri and Grace. They are twin sisters who have been very generous to us over the years."

Annie nodded. "Perfect." Teri said. She stood up and walked over in front of Annie. "Do you know why I said perfect?"

Annie started to open her mouth when Teri quickly raised a hand and used two fingers to gently squeeze her lips together, "Again, do you know why I said perfect?" Teri said.

Annie shook her head. Teri kissed her cheek while keeping hold of Annie's lips. Teri whispered. "Because we like girls to remain quiet. Can you do that?" She asked.

Annie nodded. "You sure?" Teri added.

Annie nodded again. Teri then nodded at Claire. "We'll keep her."

Grace got up and walked over in front of Annie and removed a thick stack of bills from her purse. She made sure Annie saw it before handing it to Claire. Grace leaned in past her sister and put her lips to Annie's, kissing her softly. "I know." She whispered. "It's a lot of money, probably foolish of us."

Teri kissed Annie on her opposite cheek. "Don't worry baby." She said. "I'm confidant you're willing to earn it."

"Oh, she is." Said Claire. Claire reached in and took Annie's hand and pulled her away from the twins and drew her up to her chest. "Am I right?" She said to Annie.

Annie nodded. Claire looked to the twins. "Well enjoy then." Claire offered. "You have my cell number. Call when you're ready to leave." Claire turned and left the young girl alone with the two women who were nearly licking their lips.

Grace was behind her before she knew it and Grace was easing down the zipper on her dress. She watched Teri step out of a pair of expensive linen slacks and she was now unbuttoning her blouse. Grace slipped the dress straps over Annie's shoulder.

As Grace ran her hands around Annie's waist and up over her stomach, Annie watched Teri drop her bra and slide her panties over her hips, dropping them to the floor. Grace brought her hands over Annie's breasts and was gently rubbing them when the now nude Teri took Annie's arm and pulled her away from her sister. She turned her so her back was to Teri and she pulled Annie close to her. 

Annie was now watching Grace who was reaching behind her to unzip her own dress, she pulled it off and down over her hips and stepped out of it. Annie watched as Grace removed her bra and as she was easing her panties down. Teri was now removing Annie's as well. 

With her panties now gone, Annie stood in hose and garter and half-bra. The two sisters were totally nude. Teri led Annie to the big bed and helped her up into it. Teri scooted her to the center and put her on her back. When Teri moved between Annie's legs, Teri said. "We like our Girls to be very aroused while they do us." Teri waited and then leaned down and kissed Annie. She whispered. "So I'm going to do you first." She smiled at Annie. "I'm guessing that would be alright with you?"

Annie just nodded. 

Grace kissed Annie on the mouth. "But then we are going to expect complete attention to our needs. Can you do that? Will you do that?" Annie was nodding.

Grace lay on her side as Teri kissed her way over Annie's chest and stomach and when she reached her mound, Annie moaned. The two women had no idea that Annie had never been made love to by another woman. Teri lifted Annie's legs and spread her knees wide as her lips brushed Annie's pussy. Teri lowered her tongue to Annie's ass crack and licked her length up between her labia, finding her clit. As Teri sucked her clit hard, Annie started humping her ass in the air and moaning softly. 
