 It was a fairly typical late spring day, being sunny, cool, with a slight breeze, but otherwise refreshing and rejuvenating. The weatherman had predicted the usual scattered showers throughout the day, but so far there were only a few fluffy clouds as far as John could see. "Perfect," he thought. "This is exactly what I need." 

It had been a bitch of a week. Between his boss getting in his face all week about trivial crap and his wife, Joanne, climbing all over his back, screeching like a banshee, John desperately needed to clear his head and get away for a while. For the past five years his marriage had been disintegrating and John knew it was over. They had little respect and no love between them anymore. His children, as usual, regarded him with little respect, following the lead of their mother, preferring to believe the lies she fed them rather than seeking the truth behind their parents' marriage. So, following the lead of their mother, they too treated John without affection or respect. In the end, he gave up trying. The kids were nearly grown, his son having just graduated from high school, and his daughter a year behind. So, with nothing and no one at home needing or requiring anything from him, John decided to take his H-D Road King out for a long ride. Spending a day on his motorcycle always rejuvenated him both physically and mentally. He quickly put on his riding gear, leather chaps and jacket, riding boots, gloves, glasses, and hat. Minnesota law does not require the mandatory wearing of helmets, and today John preferred to feel the full effect of the wind against his face. From the first roar when he fired up his bike, John felt somehow the day was going to be a good one. 

With no particular itinerary or destination in mind, John took the roads that would take him east into the countryside. For an hour or so, John just rode, not thinking, just feeling. Feeling the wind rush past his ears, he began to feel more relaxed than he had felt in weeks. He started to let his mind mull over some serious questions he had been ignoring for a while. At 49 years of age, and at this point in his life, he felt it was time to start making some hard decisions. He knew his marriage was over. Being 6 feet, 225 pounds, with long blond hair, goatee and mustache, and bright blue eyes, he felt he still had something vital to contribute to a good relationship. His sexual drive had always been very high, but even at the beginning of this 20 year marriage he had had very little satisfaction. Joanne was a petite brunette with dark brown eyes, yet a full, lush body. That was what attracted John in the beginning...opposites attract he felt. Minnesota was the land of the Nordic, and Joanne's difference from the horde of blue-eyed blonds was like honey to a bear. However, once the "honeymoon" was over, John was dismayed by the lack of true warmth and affection he received. Sex quickly diminished to once a week, then maybe once every other week, and now, at this point, non-existent. John wasn't sure if Joanne had found someone else or not, but sadly enough, he didn't care. It was almost pathetic how little he felt toward her anymore. 

He had tried to be faithful, but after a quite a few years of declining affection and rejection of his love and advances, his desires were driven elsewhere. Everywhere John went, people noticed. He was a big man, commanding attention just by being in the same room with you, and naturally, the women who came in contact with him all felt the same animal magnetism coming from within him. Many women made offers, and some were accepted. John was reflecting on those encounters now as he drove higher and higher into the countryside. There were some very pleasant interludes; even a few that had lasted for a short while, but none was as satisfying as he had hoped. 

After a while the clouds started rolling in around John. He was totally unaware of them. Being so deep into his thoughts, it was the first splash of rain on his face that "woke" him up. Inwardly he groaned, knowing he had a long, wet, miserable ride before he made it back home again. He kicked himself mentally for not paying closer attention to the weather around him. Almost before he could make any further decision, the heavens opened up and he was drenched in a deluge of water. It was too late to try to outrun the storm, and, looking ahead or behind, John realized there was little to offer any degree of protection from the elements. He drove on in hopes of encountering a gas station to wait in while he waited for a break in the storm. 

He rode a little further when he noticed a light shining through the rain-darkened area. Deciding to pull over and wait there, John didn't notice the big pot-hole in the road that had already filled up with water. His bike hit it full-on, sending John head first over his handlebars, fortunately landing in a soft pile of pine needles. The wind was knocked out of him, however, and he lain there for a while. A few moments later, after regaining his senses, John raised himself up on one elbow, and that's when he saw her standing above him. 

He hadn't heard her leave the house or approach him, but there she was. At first he thought he was seeing an angel, so lovely a vision was she. His "angel" stood about 5 feet 4 inches, quite a bit shorter than he, but when she offered a hand to help him stand, he felt a strength in her grip and was immediately impressed by it. He stood up and brushed himself off, never taking his eyes off her. She offered the shelter of the large umbrella she had brought with her. He took it and covered the both of them. They stood there for a moment, just looking at each other, and then she broke the silence. 

"Would you like to pick up your bike before someone comes along and runs over it?" she asked in a low, almost sultry voice. 

Startled into action, John nodded. Handing the umbrella back to her, he strode over to the bike, set it upright, and wheeled it back over to where she stood. Wordlessly, she started walking towards her house. He hadn't remembered seeing any actual physical structure, just some light. But ahead about a hundred feet, was a small cabin-like house, almost hidden behind a row of evergreens. That must have been the light he saw a few moments ago. The woman pointed to the car-port where he could park his bike. There was only a late-model Jeep parked in the two-car car-port, so he put his bike on the opposite side. 

From there she led him into the house through a side door. Immediately John was struck by the simplicity and "at-home" atmosphere he saw and felt. The room he entered was the kitchen. It had honey-golden oak cabinets that were polished and shiny. The appliances were fairly new and the kitchen had obviously been modernized in recent years, yet it still bespoke the love and care of its owner, saying "this is my home" to anyone who entered. The air smelled fresh and clean with a hint of cinnamon. Finally, after absorbing all this, his attention returned to his rescuer. John finally found his voice and introduced himself. 

"Hi, I'm John. I can't tell you how thankful I am that you found me when you did." 

The woman smiled back, and extended her hand. "I'm Kelly. Welcome to my home," she replied. 

As she turned to take off her rain poncho, John was able to get a better look at her. She was beautiful, but the way she moved and talked and acted, it was as if she was totally unaware of it. When she turned back around after hanging her poncho on a hook, she looked expectantly at him. John stood there tongue-tied and shy suddenly. 

"Could I take your jacket for you? Or do you prefer to stand there dripping all over my floor?" Kelly asked. 

John couldn't take his eyes off her, as he proceeded to shed his drenched jacket. Her hair was a mass of curls, worn just slightly above her shoulders, medium brown in color with streaks of blond everywhere. Her eyes were a gray-blue color that shone with a mischievous twinkle. But her lips, full and sensual, were what caught his eye. She wore minimal makeup, which he thought was a wonderful change from the usual. She wore eyeliner and mascara, enough to bring out the sexiness in her eyes, and she wore a frosted pink lipstick making them seem like they were inviting a kiss. 

Kelly took his jacket and hung it next to her poncho on the coat rack.

"Let's get you out of these wet things, then we'll see if you need any first-aid or not." John stood there, unable to say anything in response. 

Kelly waited a moment, then said again, "Your chaps, John, then we'll work on anything else after that." 

He was still uncomprehending, so Kelly took the initiative and unfastened the buckle of his chaps and started unzipping the legs. John stood there, letting her undress him, so dumbstruck was he. 

"Get a grip, John," he said to himself. He let her guide him over to a kitchen chair where she grabbed his foot, straddled his leg placing herself with her back-end facing him, and started to tug at his boot. John was enjoying the view of her nicely rounded ass, perfectly framed through her blue jeans. When tugging on the boots didn't work from that direction, she tried pulling from the opposite direction. Suddenly, his boot slid off his foot with great ease and she landed on her bottom with a rather indelicate plop. John adored the surprised expression on her face and got up to help her back to her feet. They stood there momentarily, eyes locked on each other. John let his eyes slide down to her lips again. 

"If you're not careful, Kelly, I just may have to kiss you," John whispered. Kelly closed her eyes and swayed even closer to him. Of its own volition, John's arm went around her waist and pulled her close. With his other hand, he lifted her chin. Her eyes fluttered open an instant before his lips captured hers. Their tongues met and Kelly moaned deep in her throat. Deeper and deeper John probed Kelly's mouth. Their tongues danced in a hot sensual rhythm, sparring with each other, melding together as if they were long-time lovers. Once, Kelly nipped his lower lip playfully, igniting a strong urge inside John. The kiss seemed to go on forever. Kelly felt a growing burn in her belly. A long-dormant need flared up and screamed for release, so affected was she by John's kiss. Her arms willingly wrapped around his neck, pulling him down and even closer, if that was possible. Her body felt on fire and she desperately needed John to quench her thirst. She felt his arousal pressing against her belly between them, telling her of his own urgent need. 

Kelly was the first to pull away, breaking the spell between them. Immediately, John missed the heat of her body next to his. 

"We'd better remove the rest of your wet clothes or you'll catch pneumonia. I'm sorry, I wasn't expecting company so I haven't lit the wood stove yet. If you'll remove your pants and shirt, I can throw them in the dryer for you. I'll be right back with a towel for you." 

With that said, Kelly disappeared down the hallway. John realized just how very soaked his clothes were and started to unfasten his jeans and remove his shirt. He was down to his very soaked briefs by the time Kelly returned. He knew she could see everything through the translucent material of his underwear, and also just how enormously aroused he was. Kelly stood at the entrance to the kitchen, staring at his rather hard, prominent member. As she started to walk towards him, a loud crack of thunder and flash of lightning broke over her house. Startling both of them, John flinched and Kelly dropped the big fluffy towel she had brought. When she bent over to retrieve it, John took the last few steps to close the distance between them. When she straightened up again, she could not resist looking again at his very large, unmistakably hard cock. Kelly brought the towel up and started to brush it against his skin. She started at the neck and shoulders, then worked her way down to his chest. By this time, she decided to abandon the pretense of drying him and looked down at his cock. She hesitatingly felt it through the wet material with her small hand. It felt huge and Kelly knew she wanted more. 

Licking her suddenly dry lips, Kelly managed to speak. "I want you to know I don't normally rescue handsome strangers off the street and then seduce them in my home." She smiled weakly at her joke.

John chuckled and in his deep voice he replied. "That's okay. I don't normally wipe out on the front lawn of a beautiful woman in hopes that she will invite me in and ravish my body." 

With that, the tension was broke, and John peeled off the remaining wet clothes and wrapped the towel around his waist. 

"Would you like something to drink to take the chill off?" she asked. 

"That would be a great idea," John answered. "Anything you have will be just fine." 

Kelly produced a full-bodied Merlot wine that she had been saving for a special occasion. She poured a glass for John and a generous portion for herself as well. She led him into the den and had him sit on the huge, overstuffed sofa. Across the room was the old-fashioned wood-burning stove she had referred to earlier. She went over there and added some kindling to the already loaded chamber, and lit a cozy fire. It wasn't long before the entire house was warm and comfortable. 

Kelly sat down on the couch, Indian-style, facing John. He turned towards her and started to grin. There didn't seem to be anything about this little nymph that he didn't find adorable. His eyes feasted on her while she began to talk to him. He took in her natural grace and the artful way she had of talking with her hands. Of course, having the curves of a Rubenesque era model didn't hurt at all. Having been an admirer of full-figured women most of his life, John was thrilled that he stumbled upon this exquisite prize. He loved a woman who looked womanly, with wide hips and a bosom he could bury himself in. She was wearing a simple V-neck, long-sleeved sweater that was obviously an old favorite. It looked to be about 2 sizes too big, perhaps belonging to a man at one point. With this she wore a pair of snug-fitting blue jeans and fuzzy socks. But in spite of her casualness, Kelly may as well have been dressed in an elegant evening gown, that's how lovely she appeared to John.

The couple drank their wine and chatted about anything and everything. Kelly had an amazing range of interests, which intrigued and pleased John. Whenever Kelly leaned forward to emphasize a point she was making, the neckline sunk lower and lower, revealing her fantastic cleavage that made him drool. She had to have at least a 44D bust-line. They talked about spouses, or rather soon-to-be ex-spouses. Kelly had only wanted the house. It had belonged to a favorite great-aunt of hers, and as such had many happy memories here while growing up. It had been willed to her the previous year when her great-aunt had passed away. In exchange for this, she gave up any claims to her ex's estate. She thought it was well worth it just to be free of him. The divorce would be final in three more weeks. It was such an easy-going conversation. They both felt they could talk about anything and everything and never get bored. 

The couple talked for quite a while before Kelly realized that John had to be cold, sitting there in nothing but a damp towel. "Oh, my gosh, I'm so sorry John! What a poor hostess I am. Come, let me get you a blanket to wrap around you." 

She led him into the master bedroom, where she poked around in the closet for a blanket. When she found the item she wanted, she backed out of the closet only to find herself planted once again in the middle of John's chest. She raised her hands and pressed them to his chest to steady herself, while he took the blanket from her and wrapped them both up in it. 

He then gathered her close, and slowly lowered his mouth to hers. The anticipation was killing her. She closed her eyes and savored every millisecond of the kiss. His lips landed on hers, soft and yielding. Her mouth gave way and opened up for his inquisitive tongue. She slid her arms under his and wrapped them around his back, holding him close, pressing her breasts firmly against his hard chest. John took the initiative this time, and led her over to the king-sized bed, and pushed her into a sitting position on it. He knelt down, removed her socks, then slowly started to peel off her sweater. Not wanting to rush things, John stood her up so he could remove her jeans next. Once having accomplished that, he stepped back to admire his "work of art." Kelly stood there, shy and proud all at once, in nothing but her black lacy bra with matching bikini panties. Seeing the appreciative look on John's face, Kelly said: "Hey, I like to pamper myself, what can I say?" John laughed. 

John replied, "I'll give you no argument on that point. You look like an angel in the devil's lair and I could eat you right up." 

John went to her again, this time turning her around and unfastening her bra. When all the hooks were released, he reached around and slowly eased his hands up under the filmy material, and released her breasts from the bra, into his hands. They seemed to swell under his touch, the nipples hardening to tight buds immediately in anticipation. He rolled both nubs between his fingers, lightly pinching and teasing them, causing Kelly to groan and arch her back against him. Next he slid his thumbs inside the material of her panties and slid them down her legs. Standing in front of him, as naked as he was now, Kelly felt totally turned-on and craved his body as much as he did hers. 

Taking the step that closed the gap between them, Kelly kissed his lips, then slowly sank to her knees, leaving a trail of kisses down his belly. She grasped his very hard cock and stroked it ever so lightly, flicking just the tip of it with her tongue. She noticed the pre-cum starting to leak out and greedily lapped it up. Sliding her tongue all around the head of his cock, she noticed something different about John. She let her other hand reach under and grasp his balls, and that's when she figured it out. John was completely hairless! He had shaved his balls and cock area completely. Kelly was enthralled with it and could hardly contain her hands, lips, teeth, and tongue. She wanted to explore every centimeter of his cock and balls. This was a new experience for her and she intended to exploit all of it. 

Nudging him in the direction of the bed, John sprawled out in the center on his back and Kelly positioned herself once more between his legs. She had him bend his knees so he could spread them further, giving her better access to her playground. She let her tongue do the walking, and eventually, while stroking his very hard cock with one hand, her tongue found his little butt hole and started to lick. John gasped and jumped a little. Emboldened by his reaction, Kelly prodded some more with her tongue. He was moaning with his pleasure. His hand took over stroking his hard cock, and Kelly was able to spread his ass cheeks better and plunged her tongue deep into his ass. John screamed out in pleasure and increased his pumping. The more Kelly licked and probed, the faster he moaned and stroked. 

Next, Kelly inserted her fingertip in his ass and wiggled it a bit. She wanted to be very careful since she did have long fingernails and didn't want to scratch or tear the delicate skin there. As she fingered his butt, Kelly brought her tongue back up and started to slather his balls with her saliva. She sucked in one ball and thoroughly slathered it with her tongue, then switched to the other ball, repeating the act once more. Kelly looked up at John and caught his eye just as his balls tensed before shooting his hot load of cum. She moved quickly, trying to capture the jism in her mouth, but most of it landed all over her face and neck.
