 My husband has a really nice Harley. I love to ride with him so much. We rarely get the chance though because of the kids, work and being so tired.

It was a beautiful Saturday afternoon, not a cloud in the sky. The kids were at their dad's house and my husband didn't have to work. He asked me since we had the time if I would like to take a long ride with him, naturally I said yes.

As soon as I got on the bike and he started it the vibration from it got me so excited I was ready to start squirming. We drove down a dirt road, not one other person was around. My hubby had to take a leak so we stopped.

We had a blanket with us and I spread it out on the ground. When he was done he came and sat by me. I was so ready to make love already I was trying to think of ways to seduce him. I asked him if he would rub my legs they were kind of cramped from riding. He slid my boot off and started rubbing at the bottom of my leg. I asked him to rub higher. He looked at me funny but he obliged me and did it. 

I started unbuttoning my shirt just a little. He looked up and saw what I was doing. He got the hint that I wanted to fuck right there. I saw the twinkle in his brown eyes as he started rubbing my legs just a bit higher. I got wet thinking about him touching my clit. Just when I thought he wasn't going to he brushed it softly as he rubbed a little higher. I felt myself take a quick breath and then I felt him unsnapping my shorts. 

Finally I glanced down to see he was pushing through his jeans. I knew then he was as excited as I was. He slid my shorts down and easily slipped them off. I unbuttoned the rest of my shirt and it slid open revealing my 36 d breasts and rock hard nipples. He leaned down a gently bit my left nipple while his hand was pinching my right one. I was already moaning and humping his leg begging him to take his pants off. He just smiled and kept on biting and pinching, harder now. He continued this assault on my breasts till I thought I would scream from the agony of needing him to screw me.

Without one word he undid his pants and slid them off never taking his eyes off me. I tried to reach out to touch him and he roughly said "NO." I laid back and wondered why he wouldn't let me. He lifted my legs to his shoulders, and positioned himself at the right spot and with one long drive he pounded into me. I screamed from the sweet pain it caused and clawed at the ground He had my knees pinned and had me so spread he that he could easily enter but he was so rough that he was lifting my ass off the ground with each time his hard dick pounded my pussy. He was increasing his speed and force that I was so close to cumming. He knew it was close to exploding so he stopped. I felt him pull out me. I cried no please and he just grinned at me. In one swift movement he flipped me over to have me on all fours. He pushed my legs apart with his knees. I felt him grab my hair and yank it as he entered me from behind just as forceful as before. I cried out from it. The pain making me even wilder, I started bucking him. Crying out to him "FUCK ME!" Begging him to rip my cunt into. I felt him tense up as he said ok bitch you want it rough? I said "Yes I want it rough, make it hurt."

Without another word he frantically started gyrating his hips as he fucked me so hard my whole body shook. I could feel my body getting ready to climax, I screamed at him to let me cum. He pounded and pounded and I felt the rockets of the best orgasm I had ever had in my life start. He continued his assault and I felt him tense and knew he was ready to blow his load too. Stream after hot stream of his cum squirting into my pussy, the wetness from his load and my orgasm making a sucking noise as he continued fucking me. We collapsed onto the ground finally spent, energy drained. 

He looked at me when we finally got up and got dressed and said " I think we need to take a lot more rides like this one, don't you?" Smiling like the cat that swallowed the canary, I innocently looked at him and said, "Next time you ride bitch." With a final glance back we were back on the road to head home for some more fun, but that's another story.