 It was a very humid summer day when this takes place. I, Anna, was at an amusement park I go to often with a group of friends. There is this one worker that I have the hots for, his name was Chris. I don't know what it was, but I was drawn to him. He was tall, dark, and handsome. He had big, dark brown eyes that were full of mystery. He was well toned, and had an amazing ass. The first time I saw him I was speechless. Now, I thought I would never have a chance with him. Here I am, standing a 5'3, with red hair, freckles, and the whitest skin I had ever seen. I guess I'm decent looking, but I never thought I would ever be able to even get him to notice me. I didn't have a huge chest, and I wasn't as skinny as a rail. 

When my friends and I would go to the park, I would go over to the roller coaster he was in charge of, and talk to him. I would flirt while my friends were out shopping in the gift shops or riding rides. We became pretty good friends over the summer, and I couldn't believe it when he asked me out on a date. Of course I said yes, and asked when and where, and he asked if I could wait at the back gate for him to get off of work. He gave me directions to the gate, and after the park closed I waited for him. He came walking up to me, held out his hand and said "follow me." 

He led me back into the park. I got really confused, and asked "are you allowed to do this?" 

"Sure, as long as I don't get caught!" he replied.

We both started laughing. I felt nervous, yet excited by sneaking around. All the lights were off in the park, so I held onto Chris for guidance. He stopped in front of his roller coaster, and said "want to ride it with me?" 

"Sure, as long as we don't get into trouble." I said excitedly.

I had ridden the coaster many times but never with a guy that I liked before. So he lead me up the walk way and turned on the coaster. He seated me in the front seat, and as he was buckling me his hand grazed me breast. A wave of pleasure ran though me. He looked up at me and smiled letting me know that he did it on purpose. Then he pushed the go button, and jumped in before it started to move. I could tell he had done this many times before, but I didn't care. 

As we climbed the steep hill, we made small talk. We talked about our interests, and how our families were. Then he asked me if I had a boy friend, I said no. Then he said good, and leaned over and kissed me passionately right as we reached the top of the hill. I didn't notice at first that we were racing down the hill until he pulled away, and smiled at me.

We put our hands up and screamed our lungs out as we finished the ride. When we got off he said, "Follow me I want to show you something." So I took his hand and let him lead me away. As we walked I look at his body. I realized that kiss had made me hornier then I thought. He stopped in front of the lazy boat ride, and said, "Here we are." Then he led me to the front seats. He flipped a switch and the boat started to move slowly. 

He sat back down beside me. He leaned in to kiss me like I had never been kissed before. He slowly slid he divine tongue into my mouth, and massaged mine with his. I wrapped my arms around his neck and slide on top of his lap. I could feel his rigid member getting harder, and harder. I slowly started to rock on top of him as we kissed. He sucked on my neck, and made me wetter then I already was. I lifted his shirt up over his head, as he caressed my back. After I got his shirt off he pulled mine swiftly over my head. As soon as it was off he caressed my left breast through my bra. My nipples we standing on end. I tried to unbutton his pants, but I was having a little trouble focusing on it. He slid his hands around my back and unclasped my bra. It fell to the floor, and he sat back, and stared at my hard nipples. He licked his lips, and closed his mouth around my right one. I started to rock on top of him again. I could feel my orgasm building. His flicked, and teased me. His cock was as hard as a rock rubbing my wet pussy though my clothes. 

Then all of a sudden he pulled his head back. I took this as an opportunity to unbutton his pants. I stood up, and got onto my knee in front of his seat. The boat was rocking and swaying back and forth. I couldn't believe what I was doing, but I loved it. I slowly slid my hand up his thigh. He gave out a little moan, and relaxed in his chair. With his eyes focused on my hand, I slid my fingers over his erection, and to the top of his pants. I undid the button, and unzipped the zipper. I tried to pull the pants off but I had a little trouble so he lifted his nice ass off the chair to help me out.

When I finally got them off, I just looked at the huge bulge in his boxer shorts and gave him a big grin. I started to caress his man hood with my finger tips. I pulled it out and look at the biggest, most beautiful cock I had seen. I leaned my mouth toward the tip, and flicked it with my wet tongue. I slowly licked it, going all the way down, then back up. I started to stroke it and I slowly put the head into my awaiting mouth. I couldn't wait to suck him. I sucked on the head as I picked up speed on my stroking. My tongue explored every inch. I pulled my head closer and took in his whole cock. He let out a loud gasp, and tensed up. His cock pulsated in my mouth and I could tell he was close. I fucked him with my mouth. I sucked harder, and stroked faster. I cupped his balls with my unoccupied hand. He started to thrust his hips to match my motion. He was moaning and gasping for breathing saying, " ohhhh....yeahh......mmmmm.....god damn Anna!" 

Then he finally let go into my mouth with a grunt "oh fuck I'm cumming, suck me baby...mmmmmm....." I drank his hot spurts of liquid. When he stopped cumming I looked up at him. He had a big grin on his face, and said, "Your turn." 

He stood me up and sat me on the chair. He got down between my legs, and unbuttoned my shorts with his teeth. I was already breathing heavy, just thinking about what was going to happen. He slid my shorts off of me, and caressed the inside of my thigh. He teased my wet pussy through my soaking wet panties. He gently hooked his thumbs over the sided of my undies, and slid them off of me. I let out a gasp. He kissed up my legs, and then stopped right before he got to my eager pussy. He rubbed his finger over my pink pussy lips. He slide two finger into my fuck hole, and started to finger fuck me. I started to thrust my hip, and moan loudly. Then he moved his mouth over to cover my hard little clit. He nibbled at it, and flicked it with his magical tongue. I started to tense up and buck my hips. My orgasm was getting closer and closer, and he knew it. He added a third finger, and sucked harder on my love button. I was scream and moaning, "god damn............ mmmmm fuck my pussy with you fingers.......ohhhhhh Chrissssss!" 

He pulled his fingers out of me and fucked my hole with his tongue. I started to cum, and squirt out my sweet juices. He licked up every last trace of sweet nectar. When I was done he sat down beside me, and kissed my hand. I was trying to catch my breath as I said a simple, "Wow" he said, "Yeah I know what you mean." Then he put my hand on top of his again raging cock. 

I slid on top of him, and slid my swollen pussy lips over his cock. Then in one swift motion I pushed him all the way into me. We both gasped as I began to rock on top of him. He slid in and out of me, hitting my g-spot. I loved it, and so did he. He was thrusting his hips to the same rhythm as me. We started to pick up speed. My ass was smacking his thighs. He put his hand on my hips, and guided me. He put his mouth around my nipple, and tugged on it with his teeth. We were both moaning, and yelling together. I dug my nails into his back screaming "oh fuck I'm gonna cum!!!" 

Then he started to fuck me even harder. I felt him tense up, and shoot streams of hot gooey cum inside of me. As soon as I felt that I couldn't hold out any longer, I came all over him. After we came to our finish I slid off of him, and sat in the chair next to him. He leaned in and kissed me gently on the lips. 

I had forgotten we were still on the boat. He stood up when we got back to the beginning of the ride, and flipped the switch. He dressed me, and I dressed him. He walked me out to my car, and kissed me good night. Then as soon as I was about to leave, he yelled, "Come see me tomorrow, I have more to show you!"