 After my last park adventure, I couldn't wait to go back and see Chris again. When I went home that night I could sleep because every time I closed my eyes, my mind replayed the boat ride, and it made me so horny just thinking about it.. I masturbated three times that night. 

Well as you can probably imagine, I went to see Chris again a few days after our first sex experience. When I walked up to his roller coaster he look surprised to see me and said, "Anna, how nice to see you again!" and winked. 

I blushed, saying, "so are you up for another date tonight?" 

"Are you kidding, do you even have to ask? Meet me at the same spot as last time after we close."

I said full of excitement, "I'll be there waiting!"

After that I decide to get a bite to eat, and head down to the water park and get a little sun. I went into the changing area, and as I took my shirt off, I realized I wasn't half bad looking. I didn't have the biggest chest, but a 36 b did just fine. I wasn't a toothpick either. I had soft, smooth, curvy hips. I ran my hand over my tummy, though it wasn't completely flat, it wasn't huge either. I slide my pants down my legs and turned around to look at my ass. It wasn't big, but it wasn't small. It fit my size perfectly.

I finished changing into my swim suit, and head out into the sun. I found a spot to lay my towel down, and put on lotion. I felt the warm sun caress my body, and I nodded off to sleep. I woke up to a park worker telling me the water park was closing and that I needed to leave. I didn't even have time to change back into my clothes, so I just pulled my shorts over my bikini bottom, and made my way to the back gate to meet Chris. To my surprise I wasn't sunburned at all. I guess that because I use the heavy duty SPF 45.

As I walked up to the gate I notice Chris was waiting there. "How long have you been waiting?" I asked apologetically.

"Too long baby," He replied as leaned over to kiss me. He gently slid his tongue in my mouth massaging my eager tongue with his. I pulled him close to me, and ran my hands all over his body. I felt him getting harder as I pushed my pussy into his crotch. He broke of the kiss and said, "I have a new place to show you."

"Ok, lead the way." I replied. I was so eager to see where he was going to take me this time. He grabbed my hand and led me through the gate. 

"Close your eyes." He said to me. And I did. We walked what seemed like forever, and then we took lots of little sharp turns. I had no idea where we were going. He told me I could open my eyes, and when I did, I was shocked at what I saw. I saw a lot of me and Chris through the reflections of mirrors. We were in the mirror maze. I was thrilled. I wrapped my arms around Chris's neck and whispered, "this is going to be fun!" as I licked and nibbled on his ear. 

He pulled me back and ran his hands slowly around my back to untie my top. He fumbled a little bit, but eventually got it, and let it fall to the floor. I slowly lifted his shirt up over his head, and tossed it on the ground. There I stood topless reflecting in what seemed like a million mirrors. Chris untied my pant's draw string, and slid gently down my legs. As I watched him do this, I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. When they were at my feet, I slowly stepped out of them and started to unbutton his shorts. I let them fall to the ground, and ass he stepped out I realized how I had forgotten how big his cock was. I could wait until I felt it fill me up.

When we were both completely naked, we just stood there looking at each other in awe. We looked over every inch of each others body until I couldn't take it anymore. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him furiously. I grinded my pussy into his rigid cock, and let out a loud moan. He ran his hands over my hard nipples and teased them.

I got down on my knees, and took his whole cock into my mouth. He started grunting like a wild animal, and moving his hips so he was fucking my mouth. He knew he was going to cum soon, but he wanted to hold out, so he pulled is cock out of my mouth and laid me on the ground. He lay down in between my legs, and buried his face in my hot, juicy pussy. I watched him lick and tease my clit through the reflection of the mirrors. I could feel my self building up an orgasm. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. I watched him trough the mirrors as he slid a finger into my pussy hole, and finger fuck me. I felt like the wave would crash any second. I started to scream in ecstasy, "oh fuck me with your finger baby….mmmmmmm……..yessssssssss…… Chris!!!!!"

I felt the first wave of pleasure hit me like a cannon ball. Then the second one hit, and the third. I was bucking my hip and fucking his face like nothing else. I squirted my fuck juices all over his face, but he didn't complain one bit. After I recuperated from my mind blowing orgasm, I rolled him onto his back, and slid on top of him, I knew what he wanted, and I wanted it just as much. 

I slid his cock tip up and down my dripping wet pussy lips, teasing him. He began to make soft whimpers of pleasure. I slid the tip into my awaiting hole, and took it all in with a loud moan. I started to ride his cock like a horse. I was bouncing up and down going faster and faster. He grabbed my ass, and helped me out a little bit. I started to rub my nipples and massage my tits. My ass was slapping against his thighs, and with each hit I got closer and closer to another orgasm. I could feel his cock twitching inside of me, and I knew he was close. 

He started to buck his hips, fucking me harder, shoving his cock inside of me, and deep as it would go, yelling, "Oh god, Anna, fuck me, baby, fuck me! Mmmmmmmm!" As we fucked the shit out of each other, we saw us through the reflection of the mirrors. See ourselves fucking each other madly, was too much for the both of us. He let out a loud grunt, and came into my wet pussy. Feeling him unload his hot, gooey cum set me over the edge. A volt of pleasure ran throughout my entire body, making my entire body convulse. 

I laid down on top of him, panting heavily. He played with my hair and kissed my forehead. I whispered, "The mirror maze was a good idea." 

He replies with a sly grin, "I have a better one for next time."