 Amanda saw the icon blinking on her screen. She felt her face flush with excitement, knowing it was another message from Will. 

She could barely contain herself whenever they spoke. 

Maybe it was the "forbidden" nature of having a relationship with a co-worker. Maybe it was the bold, aggressive way in which he had come on to her... first flirting with her in the break room, then chatting with her online. 

Amanda could barely comprehend what a whirlwind of lust and passion it had been - and in just a matter of weeks! Will had completely swept her off her feet. She clicked on the window, her heart pounding in her chest with anticipation.

"Time for lunch" was all it said, but was was left unspoken sent shivers down her spine. 

Amanda began gathering her things, trying to appear calm and relaxed, all while she was practically bursting out of her skin, moving frantically. 

She paused for a moment as she passed a small window near the exit, the reflection allowing her a moment to make sure everything was in place. Her naturally curly blonde hair cascaded down over her shoulders and framed her face, bright green eyes shining from behind thick lashes she batted with a "come hither" glance. Bright maroon lipstick accentuated her full lips.

She took a second to unfasten a button on her blouse, unafraid of who might see but eager to show Will a tantalizing glimpse at her ample cleavage. She smiled, knowing that her looks drove him wild, then the smile turned into a smirk of knowing confidence, thinking of the animal passion he exhibited when he was turned on. 

She strode confidently out into the parking lot, towards where she knew he had parked and was awaiting her, the same place they had met nearly every day for the last two weeks. 

With each step she got closer and closer to their tryst, and with each second that passed she could feel herself getting more and more aroused.

Her mind was racing. The walk to his car seemed like it took forever, and yet she could not recall any details of it, as if she were in a dream.

She could barely focus as she got in, heard the thump of the door shut, and felt the acceleration as he began driving. She didn't even know where they were going this time. 

She didn't care. 

She looked over at the seductive man in the driver's seat, as if seeing him again for the first time.

He had sharp features and a confident, knowing way about him. His short dark hair and tan skin made him seem almost exotic, and the hint of grey hair along his temples gave him a wise and alluring appeal. It wasn't until he turned to look at her that she saw his best feature, though. When his eyes locked with hers, she melted. His piercing brown eyes seemed like they could see into her very soul.

"I've been waiting for this all morning," he whispered. 

"So have I." Amanda replied, breathlessly. 

She felt his warm hand on her thigh, at the hem of her skirt, his fingers caressing her bare skin.

"I have a surprise for you," She said, smiling wryly. 

"Oh, I can't wait to see it." Will deftly maneuvered the car onto the freeway, navigating the traffic even as his fingers traced a path up Amanda's thigh, under her skirt and onto the lacy edges of her panties. Or at least, where Will expected to find panties. She was already dripping wet. 

"I see you found my surprise," Amanda said as she leaned over. Her hot breath was in Will's ears, her lips brushing against his neck as she spoke.

His fingers slipped inside her easily. Rubbing her clit with his fingers he felt more than he heard her moan into his ear.

Amanda let the pleasure wash over her as she leaned back, reclining the seat all the way as she spread her legs. With one hand she hiked her skirt up, drawing Will's eye to her freshly waxed pussy. Another of his fingers slipped inside her, and with her free hand she pulled her blouse up, caressing her own breast.

Will's attention was torn between the road and the beautiful woman beside him, and more than once he let them drift dangerously into another lane before quickly correcting it. His hand and fingers were working feverishly on Amanda, who had reached one hand between her legs to join him, massaging her own pussy. 

"Mmmm," Will moaned, pulling his hand away. "I like that, play with your pussy for me, baby..." he commanded. She obediently did as she was told. 

With her legs spread as wide as she could get them, she reached both hands between her legs and began to rub and massage her pussy, slipping her fingers inside herself and rubbing her clit. Her body began to writhe on the seat as she neared an early orgasm, and as she looked over she saw that Will had reached down and unbuttoned his pants, pulling his cock out and stroking it as he tried to watch Amanda. 

The sight of his large member in his hands; the head swollen and engorged, the shaft throbbing as his hand worked up and down, was enough to put her over the edge. The power of her climax washed over her like waves crashing onto a rocky shore. She felt her body tremble and her lakes quake as it finally subsided.

Leaning up and looking over at Will, she watched, mesmerized as his hand moved slowly up and down his thick shaft. She unconsciously licked her lips with anticipation, knowing what he liked, and eager to give it to him...