 We are leaving the restaurant after a very nice dinner out with friends. The food was great, the atmosphere, great and the conversation was fun. As we walk to the car I tell you how great you look. You are wearing a blue short skirt, silky blue blouse, white stockings and sexy high heel shoes. I open the car door and as you are getting in your skirt rides up just so slightly on your gorgeous legs. I immediately tell you how sexy you are. 

I go around to the drivers side of the car, take off my sports jacket throw it in the back seat and get in the car. Before I start the car I lean over to give you a kiss. Your lips are waiting for mine, you taste so good. We share a very sexy passionate kiss. Still kissing our lips part and our tongues find each others and dance together. We are both very turned on for each other.

We start the drive away from the city to our home in the burbs. My hand gently rest on your thigh, on top of your skirt. The feel of your stocking clad leg under your skirt fills me with desire. I start to daydream about which panties you selected to wear under your skirt. 

My hand slowly moves down your leg and off you skirt. Down to you knee and back up to where the leg ends and the skirt begins. I continue this motion for some time as we drive along getting hornier and hornier as we go. Your stockings feel so smooth and soft, the feel of your left underneath the silky material makes my cock start to stir. You begin to sigh as my hands makes my trips on your leg. With each trip my touch gets a bit firmer. My hand also moves slightly under your skirt, up higher on your thigh.

Slowly, finger by finger my hand moves under your skirt. Higher up your thigh. Your sighs become sensuous moans and you ask if I am OK driving in this state. I say yes and continue my slow seduction. You move your hand to my thigh and start caressing my leg - mirroring the movements I am making on your leg.

My hand is now very close to your pussy. As it gently travels towards its ultimate destination I feel the top of your stocking. I glance at you and smile. You pull your skirt up to reveal that you have on beautiful thigh high stockings. They look incredible and you know how much I love seeing you in them. Above the thigh highs is your beautiful pussy hidden by the prettiest lacy white panties. Your pussy shows through the lacy white patch of material covering. That material is also very wet. My smile is as wide as it can be. You tell me you have been thinking about my reaction to the stockings all night. You add that you are very hot.

My hand continues to caress your thigh as I try to concentrate on driving. I move my hand to the top of your leg and start tracing the line of your panties with my fingers. Moving ever closer to your pussy, the sensation coming through my fingers is going directly to my hard cock. I continue this teasing as I do not let my finger touch your pussy, although you are moving your body so that I do. You whisper that you are so hot and want more. 

You move my hand away from its mission and reach under your skirt and take off your panties. You rub the wet fabric on my nose and mouth and I instinctively like your juices from the material. You taste and smell so good. You drop the panties on the floor and set back in you seat, in the same motion you pull your skirt up so you pussy is completely exposed. My hand moves to the top of your pussy and it meets your pubic hair which feels so good. It feels so good that you want me this much.

My fingers move down over your clit to your pussy lips. It is very wet and your lips open immediately to soak my fingers in your sweet juices. You are ,moaning and demanding me to put my fingers inside you, deep inside you. I tease you and move them around your opening without going in.

I move to your slit which is so slippery for all the juices. It feels so good under my finger. Slippery , hard and wanting. I rub the top of it and make circles around the sides of it with my finger. I press a little harder which causes more juices out of you pussy. You now have your blouse unbuttoned, your bra un clasped and your nipples being teased by your fingers. As a steal a glance from my driving you are incredibly sexy lit only be the dashboard lights. 

I move my fingers down you labia and this time thrust my finger inside your beckoning lips. It slides in so easily as you gasp with excitement. The inside walls of your pussy feel like silk around my finger and I keep it deep inside you enjoying the sensation. Your hand has moved from my thigh and is rubbing my incredibly hard cock. My pants are wet with pre-cum.

I move my finger in and out of your pussy. Slowly at first then quicker and quicker. You are moaning and telling me to fuck you with my finger hard. My finger moves back to your clit. I rub it hard now and add a second finger to add to the pleasure. A third finger does its best to move in and out of you pussy. As we reach our exit off the interstate you orgasm long and hard.. It takes a while until you are able to say anything - your words are predictable - adequate!

Again, you ask if I am OK driving. I am and you start to unzip my pants. You rub my dick through the underwear that is soaking wet. You maneuver my hard long cock out of the underwear and move your mouth towards it. You take me deep into your mouth devouring me with your tongue all the way in. Up and down you suck my cock with your incredible mouth. You are sucking hard, following your mouth with you hand wrapped around my cock. I tell you that I am about to explode. You look up at me smile and plunge your mouth back onto my exploding cock. I cum in your mouth like I have never cum before. You take it all in then lick up what little is left on my dick. We stock for a traffic light and you kiss me so we can share our love juices.

We are close to home now but I suggest we stop at the parking lot of the local state park. You quickly agree to the plan. When we get there you are completely naked except for the beautiful thigh high and high heel shoes. So Sexy! As I am turning off the car you are kissing me and guiding my hand to your wet again pussy.

I slip my pants off and move into your seat. I pull you down on my hard cock, It feels so good as my cock slips slowly into your wanting pussy. Your hands are playing with your clit. You move slowly up and down my shaft. We are both moaning with sheer delight. I take my hands and move them to your breast and take those incredible tits into my hands. Your nipples are rock hard and erect, I squeeze your tits and roll your nipples between my fingers. Your pumping quicker and you scream for me to pull harder on your nipples. 

We both explode in orgasm again - but we can't stop and we keep making love until you come again and again. When we stop we just sit there for a while. My soft cock still in your pussy as we count the stars and tell each other how lucky we are to be together!