 Rosie looked up at the clock in surprise as the two other girls in the office started to pack up to leave. It was five o'clock all ready; the time had flown by. She looked over at the two piles of work in front of her. The larger was what she had done that day, the smaller what was left. She guessed that what remained of the smaller pile would take her about fifteen minutes to do. So she reached out and took the next sheet of the pile and set about typing it into the computer in front of her.

"Hey Rosie, you coming?" Julia asked from the next desk along. Rosie shook her head.

"Naw, going to finish this lot first." Rosie told her pointing to the pile of papers.

"Come on," Silvia the other girl said to her. "Leave them to the morning. We're going to the pub for a few drinks." Rosie was tempted but shook her head.

"I'll join you in a bit. These shouldn't take that long to do." The other two shook their heads and headed out the door. Rosie smiled to herself at their reaction. They did as little as they could get away with, and did not understand Rosie at all. She felt that staying over a short while to finish her work was not a bad thing. In fact it would go down well with the bosses. And if they thought she was a hard worked she might get a promotion. She knew it might take a while, as she was the new girl. Just out of University at twenty-two this was her first job. Here she was working in an office typing orders onto a computer. But she had failed her course and it was a start. If she worked hard in a few months she might get promoted with any luck.

She finished the sheet she had picked up put it on the done pile and picked up the next sheet. As normal she worked quietly focusing on her job to make sure there were no mistakes that she needed to change. Getting it right the first time was a lot quicker. If she made a mistake she had to go back and start again and that was a pain. She managed to finish them all by quarter past and without having to alter any mistakes. As she put the last sheet down it was with a little sigh of satisfaction at a job well done. She logged off the computer and started to gather her things. Just then Marcie the assistant to the office manager poked her head round the door.

"Hey Rosie, I'm just off but Homer says can you see him before you leave." Rosie gave a small groan.

"What for?" She asked exasperated, "I was just finished."

"He didn't say just told me to get you into see him. You better go in and see him." Marcie smiled apologetically as she spoke. Rosie put her coat and bag down and headed towards her bosses office. His name was not actually Homer, he was called that because of his surname: Simpkinson. Sounded almost like Simpson so he got the nickname Homer. His real name was John and this was the first time Rosie had been called in to see him since she started. Which made her a little worried, she tried to think back to see if she had done anything wrong but could not think of anything. 

She stopped just outside his office and gave herself a quick check over. Her flame red hair was tied back and neat. She adjusted her glasses, not that she needed to it was a nervous action. She checked that her make up was not to thick on what she thought was a plain face only made noticeable by her deep blue eyes. Then she quickly glanced down to make sure her blouse was neat and that her skirt was not too short. Finally she checked that her shoes were clean. She wore them a little to high to make up for being barely five foot high. Only then did she knock on the door and head in.

John was sat behind his desk reading something on his computer. He looked up as she entered and waved her to the chair in front of his desk. Rosie sat down and waited. He scrolled through whatever he was reading then turned to look at her.

"Hi, I'm sorry to grab you just as you're going home but I wanted to talk with you about something." He said then left a short moment of silence while he seemed to gather his thoughts. "I've asked you to come see me because I've got a small problem." Rosie felt her heart jump into her throat what had she done wrong? "Marcie is leaving," Rosie looked shocked. "Yes that was my reaction when she told me. Her husband has got a good job up north and they're moving up there. So I have an opening for her position. I would like to put someone forward from this office and have been looking at the files for the three of you." He stopped for a second and looked at Rosie hard seemingly trying to look into her mind. Rosie blinked nervously and looked away.

"As I just said I've been looked at the records and have decided that of the three you are the best worker. In the short time you have been here you have shown a willingness to go beyond the basic parameters of your position. Your work rate and accuracy has been exemplary and I am very impressed."

"Thank you," Rosie said now even more shocked.

"Unfortunately you have only been with us a few months. In fact your probation period only finished three weeks ago. Which leaves us a problem. I would love to put you forward for the position but would have to do a lot of selling to get my superiors to accept your promotion." Rosie looked blankly at him not sure what he meant. "I could do that and would if I had a good reason to." Rosie was still non-the wiser and shook her head.

"I'm not sure what else I can do Mr Simpkinson." She said to him her voice showing how confused she was.

"Oh come now I'm sure a bright and attractive girl like you can think of someway to persuade or show me your commitment." Rosie looked at him blankly for a second then suddenly clicked to what he was getting at. Her eyes widened and she stifled a gasp of complete surprise.

"In what way could I show you?" She asked slowly, thinking rapidly as she spoke. She wanted a promotion but was she willing to do anything for it. Was she right in thinking he wanted her to sell herself for the job.

"Well if you show a willingness to satisfy my needs and requests then I will be happy to push for your promotion." His eyes said more than his words. She could see the glint in them that showed exactly what he wanted. She sat back and gave it a bit more thought. Was it that big a problem, after all it was only sex. At University she had slept with her fair share of guys this would be no different.

"I believe I could show a suitable willingness to satisfy if you wished." She finally said wording it carefully. "What would it entail?" She added so she could ready herself properly. He smiled more to himself than to her and lent forwards with an eager look in his eye.

"I am as you may know married and my wife satisfies me in a lot of ways but there is one way that she is unwilling to oblige." Rosie nodded waiting for him to continue. "She refused to carry out any oral sexual acts on me, or me on her. She thinks it's dirty and won't do it." 

"You want me to suck you off?" Rosie said a little surprised having been expecting something harder. He nodded in reply.

"Is that a problem?"

"No, but why me? I'm not the best looking girl in the office! Why not Julia?"

"You put yourself down, you are a very attractive girl who has a lot going for her. Plus Julia is not a red head and you are." 

"You've got a think for red head I take it?" He nodded quickly; Rosie smiled. "Ok do you want a blow job now?" He nodded again. She stood up and moved round towards him but he put his hand out to stop her.

"Undress first I want you naked when you do it. And let your hair down as well." Rosie reached up to her hair and pulled out the grips holding it up. It fell down over her shoulders and down her back. He smiled watching it settle. Then she reached down to undo her skirt, letting it slip to the floor then kicking it away. Slowly she began to undo the buttons on her blouse watching him as she did. His eyes widened and she could see his breathing quicken slightly as she undid the blouse. She slipped it off her with a soft seductive motion then moved her hands behind her to undo the strap of her bra. When it was undone she quickly moved her hands forward under it to hide her breasts as well as push the bra off. It slid down to hang from her arms. His tongue was almost resting on the floor with the anticipation of seeing her breasts. Rosie hoped he was not going to be disappointed, as they were not that big. With a swift motion she dropped her arms letting him view her breasts. From his reaction he was not disappointed at all. Finally she hooked her fingers into the top of her knickers and lowered them down leaning forwards towards him. She stepped out of the knickers and her shoes to stand naked before him. His eyes burned her skin as he soaked in her nakedness.

His reaction was a little surprising to Rosie; she had never considered herself that sexy. Her breasts were too small only a B cup and she felt that she was too thin. Added to her lack of height she had decided early on that she was not that sexy. But he seemed to think differently. By the look on his face he wanted her and was fighting back his lust. Rosie smiled at him then knelt down in front of him. She moved her fingers up to the belt of his trousers and quickly undid it. Then slowly undid the trousers themselves before pulling them and his underwear down to his ankles. His cock showed just how sexy he thought she was. It stood hard as it could pointing up towards her.

"You find me that sexy?" She asked softly.

"God yes! You're so sexy and I love your breasts they're so firm and sweet. If I was not married I'd fuck you." His words hissed out quickly.

"I'd let if that's how hard you get." Rosie told him wrapping her hand around his erect cock. He gasped softly then gave a small moan as she rubbed her hand up and down the length of his cock.

"No just suck me off then I want to lick you out and make you cum." He gasped to her, she nodded and lowered her mouth down to the head of his cock. Her lips parted around the hard glands as she took him in her mouth and slid down his length. He groaned softly as she swallowed his cock. Once he was as far into her mouth as she could take she sucked on him gently sliding her lips back up him. He moaned as she moved her lips up the length of his cock and then back down. 

Rosie started slowly moving up and down him in a deliberately slow manner. It allowed him to feel her lips sliding along his cock. If this was for a better position Rosie was going to make it the best she had ever done. She gently ran her tongue over the glands at the top of his cock and made him gasp. With a soft smile to herself she sucked him into her mouth as far as she dared. Then curled her tongue around him and pulled back up. He gasped again and she felt him jerk slightly. Before she really got going she decided to give him something extra. So she pull her mouth off his cock and licked down him to his balls. Carefully she took each ball into her mouth and licked her tongue over it. She played softly with his balls for only a short while but from the soft moans he was making it had a good effect. Then she licked her tongue back up the underside of his cock. Running along the large vein that ran the length. Then she ran her tongue down the front of his cock before moving to take it back into her mouth.


Rosie knew she could not take all of his cock into her mouth without gagging. So she did her usual trick of wrapping one hand around the base. Not only did it allow her to pretend to take his cock into her mouth it also let her softly wank him off as well. Holding his cock still she began to slid up and down him faster now. Sucking deeply as she did so he could feel her lips around him. His moans became louder and he wrapped his hands in her hair as she sucked on him. Suddenly he pulled her head up and looked her in the eyes.

"When you make me cum I want it to be over your face. Don't swallow ok?" Rosie nodded not minding that at all. She preferred to pull away rather than swallow anyhow, but would have if he had made her. He smiled and pushed her head back down towards his cock. 

Rosie began to work in earnest on him now. Moving her mouth up and down him quickly sucking hard on him as she did. Her free hand cupped his balls gently squeezing them. She could feel how hard they were and realised again how turned on he was by her sucking on him. His breathing was coming in quick gasps and he moaned loudly. Rosie sucked even harder on him and licked her tongue around his cock. She slid it up and down the length of the cock along the vein at the back. She could feel it throbbing and knew he was close to cumming. 

Rosie decided to hold him there just on the edge so she subtly slowed her motion. Just a bit but it was enough. His gasped and moaned fidgeting in his chair as she held him on the edge of release. His fingers wrapped themselves in her hair again as she sucked on him. Her lips moving rapidly up and down him giving him pleasure but without that final burst of orgasmic feeling. Rose kept looking up at him to watch his face judging when to give him his release. After a couple of minutes she could see the first signs that he was getting frustrated at her refusal to let him cum. That was her cue.

She began to use the hand holding his cock to rub up and down. At the same time she focused her mouth onto the glands at the head of his cock. She rapidly moved her lips over them and ran her tongue over the very head of his cock. He groaned deeply an almost animal sound from deep in his throat. Then Rosie felt his cock throb hard as he came. Just before his cum pumped out she pulled back a few inches. She saw he was watching her avidly to see his cum hit her face. She looked up at him catching his gaze just as the first drops of cum hit her face. The warm juices splash onto her skin and into her hair covering her in sticky liquid. She held his cock still aiming it at her face until her had emptied himself onto her. Then she reached up and rubbed the cum into her skin. Then dripped some onto her tongue to finish her display. From the look in his eyes Rosie guess she had done just what he wanted. 

He sat in the chair watching her as she rubbed her face. Then slid off the chair pushing her backwards to the floor. He knelt next to her running his hands over her naked flesh. His fingers touched every inch of her skin before being seemingly drawn to her breasts. He cupped them and squeezed them under his hands. For about a minute of so he just felt her breasts, kneading them with his fingers. Then he looked down at her with a smile.

"My turn to make you cum." He told her and moved down to lay with his head between her legs. Softly he began to kiss her thighs moving from leg to leg as his head moved lower and lower. Finally he reached her pussy and kissed the outer lips. Only as he began to push his tongue into her did Rosie realise how turned on she actually was. It was not going to take long for him to make her cum. She gasped softly as she felt his tongue push into her so wet pussy and lick deep inside her. He lapped at her as if her juices were water and he a thirsty man. The sensation made her moan and she loved it. His hands ran up her body to cup her breasts squeezing them and gently twisting her nipples between his fingers. They were so sensitive that the touch of his fingers sent a jolt of electric thrill through her. She gasped hard and bit her bottom lip to keep in a squeal.

When he suddenly moved up to lick her clitoris she could not hold in her squeal. The jolt shot through her and she let loose a sharp squeal of pleasure. Her hands cover his pushing his fingers into the so sensitive flesh of her breasts.

"Oh god, keep licking there please." She gasped loving the jolts of feeling his tongue was sending through her. He obliged flicking his tongue over her clitoris repeatedly. He pushed his face into her pussy licking hard at her and making her squeal louder and more often. His hands seemed to be flattening her breasts into her chest he was squeezing them so hard. But she did not mind as long as he kept licking at her. She could feel the beginning of her orgasm building inside her and mentally reached for that explosion. But he was doing to her what she had done to him; keeping her on that plateau of pleasure without sending her into orgasm. How long he held her there she could not tell, but her whole body was screaming for release. His tongue ran inside her and just around her clitoris. She jerked and writhed trying to force his tongue against her clitoris long enough to let her cum. But he was always too quick to move away.

Then finally he took pity on her and began to lick rapidly over her hard clitoris. But it was the touch of his fingers over her hyper sensitive nipples that was her trigger. She gave a squeal so loud and harsh it sounded as if it had been ripped from her throat as her body exploded. She jolted so hard that she sat almost upright before jerking back down and arching up. He buried his face into her pussy licking inside her tasting her as she came. The orgasm she was experiencing felt stronger and longer than any she had felt before. Her cries were interrupted by sharp intakes of breath as she felt more and more waves of pleasure spreading through her. Rosie had heard about multiple orgasms, but this was the first time she had every experienced them. Each one sending her into rapture and each seemed stronger and harder than the previous. Finally the last broke over her she collapsed giggling like a little girl and gasping for breath.

"God," she gasped, "I'll get promoted more often if it always feels like that." John laughed at her.

"I hope it's me that's doing the promoting then." They both laughed for a few minutes before they calmed down and cleaned themselves up. As they left John turned to Rosie and asked.

"You realise that when you get promoted I'll expect lots of working over?" Rosie nodded knowing full well what he meant.

"I should hope so, we'll need to ferment our working relationship." She replied with a small laugh, which he echoed. They parted and Rosie headed to the pub to get happily drunk celebrating her upcoming promotion.