 It was a hot humid morning in the Amazon as we walked though the jungle. We wanted to go on an exotic vacation and touring the Amazon seemed like the perfect place. We were able to break away from the tour guide and go on our own for a while. The air around us felt very heavy like it could begin to pour any minute. As we continued our hike through the jungle I fell behind you a couple of steps and watched your golden body make its way ahead of me. You were wearing a pair of khaki shorts with hiking socks and boots. Your white button down cotton shirt was tied up exposing your tight golden stomach. The head band you had around your forehead soaking up the sweat finished your ensemble. I was wearing pretty close to the same. Khakis with hiking socks and boots. I had on a sleeveless shirt, gray in color with a bandana upon my head. My body glistening with a golden tan.

As we continued hiking though the jungle the skies above us opened up and dropped gallons and gallons of warm rain all over our bodies. We were soaked instantly with the ground covered in mud. The mud was soft and warm as we continued walking through it. All I could think of was dragging you in the mud or better yet being dragged in by you. Just as suddenly as I thought of that you stopped in your tracks and turned around facing me. You started walking towards me and I could see by your face what your intentions were. My penis instantly growing in my pants as you reached my body and pressed up against me.

Wrapping one of your legs around me we started making out passionately as well as aggressively. The weight of our bodies pulling each other simultaneously into the warm soft mud. Rolling around in the mud with you was an incredible feeling and we kept up this aggressive passionate behavior like two animals living in the jungle. There were jungle noises all around us almost like we were being cheered on. We grabbed each others shirt and just started tearing them off as we kept our mouths pressed together with very aggressive tongues. Achieving our goal of shirt removal we made our way down to our boots and socks and then made our way to each other shorts. There was something about taking off the other persons clothes that turned us on rather than taking of our own. We tore at each others shorts and underwear and were now completely naked in the soft warm mud. The rain coming down even harder now.

I began to give you tender warm kisses on your breasts circling your hard nipples with my tongue. They were so hard and soft at the same time. The rain covering us while I explored your upper body was titillating. I worked my way down your body as the rain cleaned the mud from the places I wanted to explore. I slowly moved my hands under your ass and gently lifted your pelvis to allow the rain to clean more of the mud from you. The gentle splatter of the rain drops on your clitoris made you tremor with excitement as my tongue explored inside of you. I was able to explore deeply with warm moist senses from my tongue being felt inside of you. Your body was trembling more as I would drive my tongue in deeper and deeper taking it out from time to time to flicker your clit.

The rain was still steady dropping down aggressively on us. I dropped your hips down to the ground and climbed right on top of you with all my weight. I rub my penis up and down your vagina - the heat from each others sex organs penetrating our deepest senses. I LOVE the feeling of our hips rubbing against each other while feeling the HEAT penetrate to the others body. Our legs rubbing against the others. What is it about the touch of skin on skin that drives us so CRAZY with DESIRE? The head of my penis probes you ever so slightly just enough for our eyes to stare into our souls because this feels so damn good and we both know it is about to feel MUCH BETTER. My cock still as hard as granite as I slip it inside of you. It felt like hard warm steel entering your pussy as we now started grinding, our hips moving and rotating in perfect rhythm as we stared each other in the eyes. Fucking our brains out was the only thought in our heads. Nothing else mattered as we continued to grind this hard steel I have no placed inside of you and we dig our way through the mud into the earth. Mud was splashing all around as you wrapped your arm and legs around me pulling me inside of you more and more with each rotation. Our moans getting louder as we both arc our backs trying to achieve deep deep deep penetration. My cock actually getting harder and bigger as your pussy feels tighter holding it inside of you.

You go crazy and spin us around so you can straddle me in a reverse cow girl position - our favorite. You take ALL OF ME inside of you as you rotate and gyrate your hips feeling the heat of my penis with every thrust, grind and rotation. My penis is so hard now as you reach down to grab my ankles and drive my penis slowly and deeply in and out of you. Your hips continue to rotate as I focus on your incredibly sexy ass move so sexually with our motions so in tuned with the other. You lean back so your back is on my chest as I hug your breasts with one arm and gently rub your clit with my free hand. We start moaning as you are able to look around enough to kiss me passionately while I tenderly rub your clit as you continue to take my whole penis inside of your. Our legs able to continue rubbing against the others as we can't help but tangle them up back and forth so we can continue to feel as much of the other as possible - our lips - our skin - our tongues and our hearts all moving to the same beat.

Suddenly you spin around and push your smooth breasts against me rubbing against my chest which intensified the sex to incredible heights as you took my massive penis deeper and deeper. This position allows you to control the depth of my penis inside of you and you want it all. You push down so hard on my penis I felt like it was going to break. It felt so good though and I push down on your waist with every thrust. We continue to pull, push and thrust for minutes as our privates get warmer and warmer like lava rising to the surface of a volcano.

You grab my arm and pull me up to you. I pick you up a bit so I'm crouched down with my feet under my butt and your legs around me. As we begin to feel like this is the beginning of the end I put my hands on your butt and get on my knees as I am able to get deeper penetration. You wrap your arms around me neck and with our chins on the others shoulder we pull each other in as tight as we can as I continue to thrust my cock harder and harder inside of you.

Our bodies begin to tingle and are about to explode. We thrust faster and faster holding on tighter and tighter as our bodies explode with ecstasy and excitement. We scream as we cum together and our bodies explode like 10 tons of TNT and I fall forward on top of you driving you back into the mud as we continue to thrust and grind the explosion through our bodies until every last bit of desire and lust is secreted.

When we finish we stand up in the rain and wash our bodies clean. I couldn't help but watch you clean the mud of your body. You looked so incredible, luscious, desirable and just so fucking sexy. I couldn't help but notice you watching me too. As we continued to watch each other wash the mud off of our hard golden tanned bodies our eyes locked. You started rubbing your incredible breasts with your hands and looking at me with lust in your eyes. My penis started to shoot up again and as you noticed it you started walking towards me. When you got a few inches from me I wrapped my arm around your waist, pulled your naked body against mine and down in the mud we went again.