 This is slightly longer than my previous efforts, but please bear with me. It will be worth your while. 

*****

"Congratulations, bro!" Russell screamed at me the moment our clients were out of earshot. It was obvious why- I had already cut my 9th big deal, essentially cutting into the next quarter's sales targets. Working for a realtor, both of us had the job of buying and selling expensive real estate, but with the economy where it was, it was hard. 

"Thanks, bro." I replied, nonchalantly.

"Why are you not happy? You just smashed the record of sales this company has. Look up, man. Life is awesome!" Both of us walked towards the smoking area, where I lit up a cigarette.

"Dude, you need to celebrate. Let's go grab a drink."

"No, thanks." I said, bored.

"You need to stop obsessing over that bitch." He said, angrily. 

"I'm not obsessing."

"Really? When was the last time you got laid?"

This was true. My ex-fiancé and I had broken up three months ago, and I was still cut up over it. She went out for a foreign vacation and cheated on me, and after I confronted her about it, blamed me entirely. Since then, I had been a bit depressed, using my job to drown out the pain of my personal life. 

"Dude, just let it be, man."

"Look, I have heard from too many women how good you're in bed. Why don't you spread the love?"

"Remember the last time you hooked me up with a girl? First I couldn't get it up..."

"Yeah, the Viagra disaster."

Russell had set me up with a girl. Unable to get an erection, I popped a Viagra. I boned her to my heart's content, but couldn't come. Finally, I jerked off but my erection wouldn't go away. It was Russell who had taken me to the clinic to have the blood sucked out of my penis by a needle.

"I'll just let you know when I'm ready for the next step, bro. Just leave me be."

"Have you packed up for the weekend?" he said, sounding like my boss again.

"Yes." I groaned.

There was a conference in Delhi we were supposed to attend this weekend. It would surely be a bore. Either way, it was my job, and so I packed up my stuff and went. On the flight, Russell asked me "So, um, you know D has this friend I told you about?"

"I don't care about your girlfriend's friends, bro."

"Dude, this girl is looking for a good fuck and she is known to be nasty in the sack. Even D learns kinky shit from her..."

"What is 6 feet 3 and wants to punch you in the face right now?" I asked. I was upset this morning. Apparently my ex and her new man were making videos about finding love and posting them to YouTube. 

We reached Delhi and attended the conference. It was cold as hell, and as I stepped on to the balcony, shivering, for a smoke, I met a British investor, Mr. Smith, whom I chatted up. By the end of the day he had already bought out the next quarter's inventory, and I was more than happy. 

Russell was ecstatic. "We have to party now, bro! Come on!"

"Look, I just want to go to my room and have a drink."

"Cool, but I am giving you a small gift. OK?"

My room had been changed to a lovely suite, and I sat down in the sitting area, and poured myself a drink. This was the least I could do. I swirled the scotch-on-the-rocks in my glass and looked at myself in the mirror. I was 26, and thanks to my Persian ancestry, was rather light-skinned. My other way of blowing off steam- my MMA training had left me with a decent physique, with broad shoulders and everything. Standing in a suit and looking quite good, I couldn't figure why that bitch cheated on me. 

"Fuck it." I said out loud. I was going to get drunk tonight, and that was it.

My suite's doorbell rang a while later. It was almost 11pm, and I was more than surprised. 

I opened the door. A young girl stood there, staring back at me. She was dressed in an overcoat, scarf and heels, which made her stand an inch or two shorter than me. She had a pretty face, wore large glasses, and had her hair tied up in a bun.

"Yes?" I asked. 

"Hi. Russell sent me here. I am your gift."

"I don't understand."

"How about you let me in and I explain?"

"Sure."

She sauntered in, the sound of her shoes being muted by the carpet. I shut the door, and she turned her back to me and said, "Would you mind?" 

I helped her out of her overcoat, and she quickly undid her bun. Long, soft, wavy hair that fell almost to her waist came into view. I admired her long neck and the hourglass frame of her body, with her ass framed out against the black dress she was wearing.

She sat down comfortably on the sofa and welcomed me to sit.

"I still don't know who you are." I said, quietly. 

"You can call me Pixie."

"So, who sent you and why are you here?"

"Well, Russell told me that you haven't been doing so well in the personal life department, and you deserve a treat for doing an awesome job at work."

"I see. The thing is, and I don't mean any disrespect to you, but I'm not into prostitution."

"Yes. Hold up right there. I am not a hooker."

"You're not?" I asked, surprised.

"I am a dancer in normal life, and work part time as a stripper."

"Where? And why do you do this?"

"I work when needed. And haven't you seen how expensive MBAs can be?"

"I understand. I still don't see how you can help me."

"Well, why don't you relax? It will be good for you."

"I haven't had a boner in a few months now. I don't think its gonna work even if you shake your fine booty."

"Russell and I have agreed to that. If I can't get a rise out of you, I don't get paid. In the meanwhile, let's just help you unwind a little. Why don't you get comfortable? Finish that drink and lose the jacket and tie."

I did, and she sat down and poured me another one. 

"Now, I need to get some rules straight with you. Have you ever been to a strip club?"

"Yes, in Pattaya."

"Well, if you don't follow mine, I know a couple of gentlemen who will find you and remind you, no matter which city you hide in. Understood?"

"Yes."

"Now, first rule is, no touching, no spanking, and no grabbing."

"Yes."

"Second rule is, if you get a rise, I need you to be honest about it, or to let me take a picture."

"I will be honest, but I really don't think..."

"Shhh. Third rule- No talking about your ex. I honestly don't care."

"Alright."

"Now, finish that drink till I come back."

She got up and went to use the bathroom while I contemplated the night ahead of me. On the one hand, she was hot, but on the other, was I really ready for this? As I was thinking about calling it off, Pixie came out of the bathroom and stood in the doorway.

"Hi." She said, gently twirling on the spot.

I would have said something, but I was a bit too stunned to talk. She wore her heels as usual, but with some nice stalking, that were a secret fetish of mine that went well with her long sexy legs. She wore a blue g string on her hip that made her ass look simply perfect. Her midriff was covered by a blue teddy, and she wore a blue push-up bra that made her large tits look like they were about to spill out of it. For some reason she also wore a small black necklace that framed out her neck really well. Her long brown hair had been let out of the bun, where it was slightly curly or wavy, and now rested on her shoulder. 

"How do I look?" she asked.

"Um, good."

"Just good? I thought it would be something else. Have you finished your drink? Good. Now, let's get this show on the road."

She strode in confidently, and walked up to the hotel minibar, picking out a couple of tiny bottles of tequila. Then, she seized her purse, and pulling out an iPod, started looking around the room. 

"There." I said.

She went up to the sound dock and plugged it in, and after a few seconds, the sound came on. It was most definitely a stripper soundtrack, with smooth music instead of anything too packed with beats. 

"Hang on a second. I need to figure the volume." She said.

I stood up, and went up behind her and stood there, trying to help. She had bent down at her waist, showing me a lovely view of her ass and small waist. Two drinks down the alcohol was getting to me and I was thinking about touching her waist when she turned and looked at me. 

"Rules you know." She said.

I backed away, and she fixed the sound. "There we go."

She turned and saw me standing next to her. Even in heels, I was taller than her. She looked at me for a second and said "You need to sit."

She pushed me slightly and I willingly sat down in the chair behind me. She stood, and began to gently sway to the music, feeling it get her into the mood. Seizing a bottle from the table, she cracked it open and swallowed the entire shot of tequila in it.

"Being drunk helps me focus on my job."

"Said the alcoholic." I replied, cockily. Shit, the whiskey was getting to me.

"Shut up, mister."

She came over and stood next to me, gently running her hands down her body, swaying to the music. She bent downwards, and I looked at her gorgeous breasts, hoping they'd slip out of her brassiere. She suddenly grabbed the back of my head by the hair, and pulling it back, stood up, my face going an inch away from her tits.

"Liking it?"

"Uh huh" I said, quietly.

She turned, and began to move her lovely ass in my face, and what an ass it was. Curvy as hell, her ass cheeks seemed to beg to be spanked. She sat down gently, rubbing her cunt against my crotch.

"Russell is gonna owe me a lot of money. Someone is getting hard."

"It's a partial. Partials don't count."

"Oh really?"

She stood up, turned and gently tugged off her teddy exposing her flat midriff to me. "You want a drink?" she asked.

"Yes."

She put tequila into her mouth, and swooping down, kissed me. First, I tasted her sweet lips and then the acrid taste of the tequila. I swallowed quickly and she broke the kiss.

"Good boy."

She turned, and taking me by the hand, had me stand up. I stood, and she took me into the bedroom, where she said, "Lose the clothes."

In a trance, I stripped to my boxers and socks, waiting for her to continue.

She turned her back to me and danced, grinding her butt into me. By now, I was hard as I had ever been in my life, with a raging hard-on begging to fuck something. 

She held her head as I touched her, feeling her soft skin with my fingers. I kissed her shoulder and neck and she didn't seem to mind much. 

"Oh god, do that." She moaned slightly, and ground harder into my crotch. I felt her pussy, and it was hot. Maybe she enjoyed her job far too much. 

However as my fingers went up to her breasts, she pulled away.

"Listen, you may be hot and all, but that does not mean I'm gonna have sex with you."

"Yes ma'am."

"Besides, you're hard. I guess I can get my money now."

"Is the lap dance over?"

"I usually do wear less at the end of one."

"Could you please take off the bra?" I asked.

"Let's have a shot first." She said. Pushing her tits together, she poured the shot directly between them, and I quickly sucked on the shot in her cleavage, running my face there a bit longer than it was necessary. When I stood up, she had a piece of lime in her mouth, which I took, in the form of a kiss.

"You learn well, you know. But this stuff is getting to me."

She suddenly collapsed on the bed and I stood up, next to her.

"You're not drunk are you? You need to drink more."

"No thanks, I'm good." I replied. Without saying anything, she poured a shot into her navel and waited for me. I quickly scooted down, sucking it up out of her navel and came up to her face. Suddenly I realized I was on top of her. 

"You do want to see these clothes come off, right?"

"Yes."

"Then work hard for them." She said, and unhooked her bra from behind. I tried to reach for her straps with my hand when she slapped it away. "Teeth". she said.

I gently pulled a bra strap into my mouth, biting her skin ever so slightly as I did. Then, I pulled it down and her breast came into view. Her nipple was large and erect, with big areola surrounding it. I couldn't resist. I sucked on it, and she moaned, pulling my head into the breast. She pulled it off, having me repeat the process with her other bra strap. Finally, she pulled it off and smiled at me.

"What now?"

"Is it too much to ask you to remove your panties?"

"I don't usually do that. But... for you..."

I bent down and grasped at the lacy material of her panties. She sat up on her knees helping me, and I tugged them off halfway to her knees. As I did I smelled the distinct smell of wet pussy, and when they came off, her shaven pussy came into view. 

I looked at her and said, "You're wet."

"I love my job."

"I want to go down on you."

"No, that's not part of the deal."

"Sue me." I said, and plunged my face between her legs. Now, thanks to my ex girlfriend the one thing I was really good at was licking pussy. I rubbed around her thigh first, watching her begin to buck her hips, and then after teasing her by blowing hot hair at her pussy, put my mouth over it.

Immediately, a loud moan pierced the room. This girl was a screamer. I went to town on her pussy, first licking it up and down, then shoving my tongue in as far as it would go. Finally, I ran my tongue over her clit and sucked it into my mouth. Until now, she had been making weak protests but then, suddenly they stopped, to be replaced by loud moans. I hoped the hotel had thick walls, or the neighbours were going to be up all night. 

Her breathing became ragged as I continued to suck on her clit, and soon enough, she went silent, her stomach clenched, and she almost rose off the bed. It was one of the strongest orgasms I'd ever seen on a woman.

"Wow." She breathed when she was done. "You're good." She tapped my head, and tried to move.

I took my boxers off. She saw my movement and said "No, no. This is not the deal."

"Shut up." I said.

"I don't fuck my clients."

"I don't care. I'm gonna fuck you whether you like it or not. And by the looks of it, I think you'll like it."

"I said no. We made out, that's enough."

"I'm not sixteen to be satisfied with that."

"I'll send someone to make you sorry."

"Send more than a couple of guys to make it a fair fight. Now, gimme that pussy."

She tried to fight me off but I got inbetween her legs anyway. Rubbing my dick up and down her cunt I waited and then pushed inside her. 

Our eyes met, and then they rolled up in her head as my big fat dick stretched her tiny tight pussy out. She was unbelievably tight, and as I pushed myself into her to the hilt, she seemed a bit uncomfortable. Thankfully, her cunt was sopping wet and so it didn't seemed like too much trouble.

I began to fuck her slowly at first, giving her time to move. I had not fucked in a few months, but it all came back to me, and I fucked her hard without coming. She moaned loudly and continuously- she was, as I suspected, a screamer. 

"Oh yeah, fuck me. Fuck me like that you bastard."

"Yeah, bitch. Whole night you've been teasing me. How do you like that?"

"Harder!"

"You want me to fuck you harder?"

She moaned and suddenly came again, going silent as she did.

"Get off me." She gasped.

I did and she looked like she needed a breather. "We can't do this. I'm not a whore!"

"I don't care. I'm going to fuck you like one." I said, and picking her exhausted body up like a rag doll. Turning her over, I took her in doggy style, slamming my cock home. I held her fast and began to pound her, watching her ass cheeks jiggle as I did. 

"Fuck me like a dirty whore you bastard!" she moaned again, meeting my thrusts. I couldn't help it and I spanked her ass hard.

"Oh fuck! Like that! Harder! Spank me harder!"

I did, and she moaned. I was going deep with every thrust, slamming into her pelvis, my cock nudging against her cervix. I couldn't hold on for much longer.

She came without warning, her cunt climaxing around my cock. That proved too much. I pulled out of her, coming on her back and ass. 

I collapsed and so did she. The alcohol and sex had gotten to us, and both fell into a deep slumber.

In the morning, the phone rang and I picked it up. Russell said he was coming over. Too tired to put on proper clothes, I pulled on a hotel robe and walked to the door.

I opened it and Russell came in. 

"Nice night?" he asked me. "Looks like you had a party!"

"Yes, nice night. And you hired me a hooker, you bastard."

"Well, it worked didn't it?"

"Yes it did. But hookers are against my principles, man. Not fair."

"That's the thing. She isn't a hooker."

"What?"

"Remember I told you about my girlfriend's friend who was really kinky in the sack? That's her. Her name is Priya. This was a fantasy, apparently. Good thing it played out well for you."

"Yeah, fuck you anyway."

"You're welcome. So, take the day off. HQ called, they don't care if we attend the conference. I'm gonna go see Delhi. You should, um, have fun."

He left and I walked back into the room.

"I slept with a client. God damn!" Pixie began.

"You don't need to lie. Russell told me everything, Priya."

"Oh good."

"So, I have the day off. You want to hang out over here or would you like to do something?"

"Well, we could go out. Maybe we could chill and watch some TV..."

"I had something else in mind." I said, smiling. 

That was a fun weekend.