 As I walk down the path trees hang heavy to the left ad the right. Through years of passage there has been a dirt trail worn through what used to once be grass. This is where everyone comes to be alone. It’s amazing how anyone can ever be alone since everyone knows about it, but maybe that adds to the mysteriousness of the place. Whenever I have something weighing on my mind, I come here. The walk is a little long, and a little spooky in the cold darkness of the night but I press on. I never really measured how far it is from home but I always end up walking this way when I need to think. With every step my breath becomes heavier. As I watch each step I can see my breath escape my mouth. I don’t know how far I have walked but I can tell I am almost there. As I slow down in the path of dead grass and dirt, a calm comes over me. I know I am almost there. I can feel it. My body begins to relax. My mind is almost already at ease. Walking up to my favorite rock I stop. Something is terribly wrong. My heart starts to race. My mind becomes cluttered again. How could this be? It is the middle of a wintry night. I am not alone. For the first time in 31 years I am not alone. 

I let go of a warning cough as I start to walk slowly again. I don’t want to scare anyone. I know they are probably here for the same reason as me. Just to clear their mind. 

“Hello?” I speak out.

Walking closer yet, I send out another hello. No answer, but I hear something. It sounds like sobs. Someone is here crying. All at once I feel selfish for being mad that I wasn’t alone. Apparently someone else needed to be alone too. I can’t tell yet if it is a man or a woman. The sobs get louder as I get closer. I am only a couple of feet from what I think is a female now. The soft, gentle sobs could only be a woman. I approach with ease. I put my hand out to reach for her. Tapping her on the shoulder I whisper one more “hello”. She turns away from my touch. Crying heavier. I try one last time. How can I be alone if she won’t let me.
 ”Hello, my name is Darren. Is there something I can do for you? Are you ok? I am sure it will all be alright.” I try to assure her. 

“No it won’t!” She screams at me. Getting off my rock she walks five feet ahead of me. Stopping at a fallen tree. “It won’t be alright. It will never be alright. Who are you anyway? What do you know?” She yells.

“I am Darren, and I walked a long way to be alone to think about my problems. And no I don’t know your situation, and personally I don’t care. I was just trying to be nice!” I yelled back. 

“I’m sorry” she retorts.” I have just had a rough night, and I wanted to be alone. I have been coming here for a long time. I though I was the only one that came here.” She followed. 

“I come here also to be alone. Although I knew other people came here. I just never ran into anyone, and you kind of wrecked my plans to think. I’m sorry too!” I said. As she reached out her hand to shake she introduced herself as Carrie. 
”Pleased to meet you” I said as I walked to her and shook her hand. 

We made some small talk for a little while, and I really started to feel comfortable. She had just gotten the shaft from her boyfriend. Or should I say ex-boyfriend. I explained what was going on in my head, and we really seemed to hit it off pretty well. After a little more time I found myself becoming very attracted to her. I could feel some nervous tension building between us. The air started to get silent. We started talking less.

I grabbed her hand, and leaned in to kiss her. Fireworks went off. It was the most amazingly deep, and passionate kiss I have ever had. Intense is the word for it really. It was awesome. I never wanted it to end. My tongue crept past her lips, and was met by her tongue. They were rolling around in each other’s mouths. Almost wrestling with passion. Deciding to press my luck I reached up to cup one of her breasts. As I made contact I felt her take a deep breath. I cupped her breast gently in my right hand. Massaging it through her sweatshirt top, and bra. I move my hand down to the bottom of her shirt to let my hand climb underneath. I slid under her shirt, and up her deceivingly tight stomach. I was back at her breast over her bra. I could feel her nipple harden beneath my touch. With my index and my forefinger I gave it a little pinch, and then a little tug. She quivered beneath the touch of my fingers. Feeling brave I slipped my hand underneath her bra. Her flesh was hot, and her nipple was rock hard. I massaged it between my fingers for a couple of minutes. I felt her hand reach for my rock hard cock. It was straining to be let free. Never breaking our kiss, she reached up for the button to my jeans. Then the zipper, pulling it down so she could free me from my restraints. Once it was all the way down she reached into my underwear, and grasped my cock. Wrapping her hand around it she began to slide up and down gently. I was amazed at her brazen attitude. Breaking our kiss briefly so I could climb off of the rock we were sitting on, I stood before her in the brisk air. She stood with me, and took her pants down to reveal the most beautifully shaved pussy I have ever seen. I pulled my pants down unbelieving of what was going on here. She sat back down on the large cold rock, and spread her legs, opening herself for me. All 8 inches of my hard cock were standing to attention in front of me. She reached out, and pulled me in by my tool, and guided it into her. She was so wet, and hot I slid in easily. I slowly started to pull out again while using my hands beside her to hold myself up. In, and out I slid, picking up the pace a little with each stroke. Holding her hips with my hands I pulled her to me with each stroke. Now literally pounding her into the rock to the sounds of her moans I put her legs up on my shoulders so I could force myself as deep into her as I could.. Making sure I have full contact with every part of her pussy. It must have been working because her moans got louder, and louder. She was practically screaming for me to fuck her harder when I took her legs off of my shoulders, and turned her around so I could enter her from behind. 

She was now standing in front of the rock facing it as I fucked her hard from behind. Reaching around her, and underneath her shirt I grabbed her tits over her bra. I practically ripped it while I was trying to get underneath it at her D sized tits. Her nipple were like hard little pebbles in my fingers. I was tugging on them so hard they were the skin was stretching around them With her hands on the rock, and leaning over she was pushing back with every forceful stroke I was using. I was feeling myself nearing orgasm as I whispered in her ear how fucking hot her pussy was. She was still screaming for me to fuck her. Sensing that I was getting close I felt her reach her hand underneath her, and grasp onto my flailing balls. Taking them in her hand I could feel the orgasm building up inside of them. She started to scream that she was coming. I am glad we were alone in a desolate area or someone would have thought that I was raping her by the moans, and screams that came from her mouth. I wasn’t though. This was all by consent!(Amazingly!)As I continued to fuck her I could feel her muscles tense around my cock. I knew she was about to come so I fucked her faster, and harder. She let out a moan that was so loud it was almost scary. I could really feel her tense up now, and I had to do all I could so that I didn’t cum right there before she did. Her pussy was soaking wet, and massaging my cock for all it was worth. She started to spasm underneath me. Her whole body tensing up, and her pussy was now gripping my cock. I was ready with her. She started to moan and scream louder even, and I was telling her in her ear that I was going to come.

“C’mon baby!” she screamed. “Fuck me hard! Harder Faster!”

I was fucking her with everything I had as she was coming right under me. I started to feel myself erupt . The come surging through me. My whole body feeling like it was electric. I was tingling, and tensing, and numbing. All at once I thought I was going to pass out as I could feel my cock harden, and then start to shoot my load inside of her. She was screaming louder than ever. “Fuck me! Fuck me! Cum inside me!” she moaned. “That’s it! Fill me with your seed!” she said.

“I’m coming!” I said between gasps. As I was filling her to the brim with my orgasm. The feeling lasted for what seemed like an hour, but was probably closer to a couple of minutes. My legs were shaking, and I could barely stand up. 

After the orgasm subsided my dick softened, and fell out of her pussy. I was still breathing heavy, and so was she. She reached up, and pulled my head into her shoulder, to tell me that what we had just experienced was awesome. I agreed, and we peeled ourselves from each other, and started to get dressed. It was getting cold again since we weren’t generating any heat. By this point I had completely forgotten what I came here for, and she seemed to get over her untimely break up. We made more small talk, and promised that we would meet again sometime soon to continue what we had just started, but I never did see her at that rock again, and when I called the number that she told me they had never heard of her. After 31 years of going to “the rock” to think I never saw anyone else there. I knew people went there, and guess I was just lucky never to run into anyone there. Except for the one time I ran into someone there, and just got lucky! 

****

This is my first time at an actual story. Let me know how I did.