 It was a typical weeknight after work. I was going to the pub with the guys for some drinks and darts. The normal crowd was there when we arrived. We made our way to our table and board and chatted with friends on the way. We did not need to place an order; the barmaid knew what we wanted. We had just gotten done with our first game when Ann (the barmaid) came to me and told me Crystal had just walked in. You and Ann were close friends and she knew I liked you since I had asked about you a few weeks ago.  

I asked Ann to buy you a drink on my tab and bring us another pitcher. We were in our second game when Ann brought the pitcher and told me then you sent it with her thanks. As I looked over I saw you at the bar sipping your drink. We finished the second game and then took a short break before starting the third. 

I took this chance to meet you face to face. Ann saw me nearing the bar and made sure she was there when I arrived next to you. I spoke before Ann could say a word drawing your attention to me. 

"Would you like another drink"? 

You looked stunned at first, it may have been the way I was looking into your eyes, but then you nodded and said,

"yes, thanks."

Ann then spoke up and introduced us, then went to get the drinks. We chatted for a while till Ann brought our drinks and she told me it looked like the guys were waiting. I apologized and went back to the game. 

The guys could see I had a hard time staying with the game. I kept looking at you and Ann chatting. With the urging of the guys and the fact they were winning, I set my mind on the game. We were just finishing up when Ann brought another pitcher as well as five shots. 

She looked at me and said, "the shots are on me."

I had a puzzled look on my face, there were only three of us and Ann made four, so I asked, "who is the fifth shot for?" 

Then I saw the smile on your face. You looked over your shoulder and looked at Crystal. 

As she walked up Ann looked at us and said, "ok?"

We all said, "sure!"

Ann introduced Crystal to the guys, and told Crystal that we were her buds. We all smiled then took our shots, as I made a quick toast. 

"To Ann, our best bud!"

With that we downed them, and all five glasses hit the table at once.

The guys poured there beers then went off to shoot pool. Ann cleared the glasses and went back to the bar. Crystal and I sat at the table and got to know each other better. She had already gotten info from Ann, as I had done the same, so it seemed as if we knew each other already. 

It was getting late and the bar had cleared out except for Ann, my two friends, Crystal and myself. Jim said he would stay to help, and Mike said he had to head for home. We often stayed after closing to help Ann stock and clean up. We made quick work of it. Ann set us up with a shot for our help. Crystal and Ann were behind the bar and Jim and I were out front. Ann thanked us for the help and we downed the shots. Ann cleaned the glasses and we readied to leave. As we walked out Ann locked up. Most nights I would follow Ann while she made the night deposit. 

Before I could say anything Ann asked, "Jim will you go with me to drop the deposit?" 

With a puzzled look on his face he said, "yes."

He had a thing for Ann all along but never acted on it. And she liked him also. 

Ann gave both of us a hug and kiss, and with a smile said, "have fun!"

We both looked at each other and smiled.

As Ann pulled out and Jim followed, Crystal steps closer to me and we lock into a deep kiss. Her lips were full and hot, our tongues met and explored. We kissed till we needed to breath and then broke away. There was fire in her eyes and lust on our minds. I asked if she wanted to go for a walk. She had a puzzled look, but nodded ok. I knew of a river walk not far from where we were.

I take her by the hand and lead her along the path till we reach a lighted clearing to where the walk starts. There are lights along the walk. As we walk we can see the moonlight gleaming off the stream flowing near the walk. There are several larger areas with large square quarry type stones around them. Still holding hands as we walk, I pull her around and we lock in a deep kiss. I move my hands down and begin to caress her tits through her blouse. As I do I feel her approval by her biting my tongue and moaning. I slowly work the buttons open and push back her blouse showing her lacy bra covering her tits. As I rub my hands across her bra I feel her nipples harden, then she reaches up and pushing her bra up letting her tits pop into my hands. They are well shaped and firm, and her nipples are larger then I thought. I give them plenty of attention and sucking. 

With that I become bolder and moving my hands down her back, I slide down and taking one nipple in my lips I flick my tongue over it making it even harder, then doing the same to the other. By now her hands are on my head gripping my hair. I move my hands to her ass and give it a squeeze, she pushes her hips closer to me, so I work my way around to her pants and slowly undo the button and zip. I stop kiss her tits and work her pants down, as I do she reaches down and pulls my shirt over my head and lays it out on the flat quarry stone. Her pants slide down and she kicks one foot out, I softly run a hand over her panties covering her pussy. Her hands are back on my head lightly pushing closer to her pussy. I give a slow lick up across her panties then back away, pulling them down and off. 

I place my hands on her hips and guide her back onto the rock atop my shirt. Quickly she raises one leg to the rock spreading herself open to me, I dive in and suck hard as she grips my head and push me in. She is so wet and tastes so good I just lick and suck till she is dam near pulling my hair out. I then work a finger into her wet hole and begin to pump while sucking hard on her clit. I use my other hand to reach down and undo my jeans and push them down to my knees. I am able to kick off my shoes and work my pants down, but with difficulty. It breaks the lip lock I have on her clit she whimpers. Once I have them off I put my pants under my knees and go back in.

At this point I have her flowing with wetness and soaking my face. She is on the edge so close to cumming, I pull her clit into my mouth and suck hard as my finger reaches in and presses her g-spot. With one quick movement I stand up and put my hard cock against her lips, she grabs my ass with both hands pulling me into her in one thrust. The sudden thrust of my hard cock sets her off and pushes her over the edge. She wraps her legs around me and pulls me in as deep as she can. I can feel her bucking under me pumping me as she cums. I just stay deep in her till her orgasm slows. 

My cock is harder then ever deep in her, I just stay there till she opens her eyes with a blissful look. It is then I pull out to the head and push back in slowly, her breathing picks up again and she pants,

"YES!"

I pick up the pace and begin to pump in and out harder, and harder till my balls are slapping against her with a smack. She pulled her legs up so I can get deeper in her. I am so close I can't hold back any longer. With one last thrust I push into her and blast. This sets her off again and she wraps her legs around me bucking so hard I feel we may fall off the rock. 

As we calm down I slowly pull out and stand, she surprises me by sitting up and grabbing my ass with both hands and pulling me close to her. She looked up at me and smiled as my cock hung in front of her, wet with our cream, then she dove on it and suck me hard, licking till I was clean. She slowly pulls back letting my cock out with a pop, we both laughed. As she stood, we kissed again and just held each other. 

Then we though we heard something, looking at each other we smiled and started to giggle, so we dressed quickly, once dressed we decided to walk farther along the path. As we walked we held each other close and listened to the stream along the bank. We turned to go back, and as we neared "our" rock we both looked at each other and smiled, stopping to kiss then going on. We walked to our cars and saw a note on your windshield.

She pulled the note and began to read it. Her mouth dropped open and then she smiled. 

I asked, "What is it?"

Then you read the note to me:,

"WOW, we came back to check on you two and SAW you were having fun so we left to go to my place to have fun also." Ann and Jim

I just stood there, stunned. 

She looked at me and said, "SAW?" 

We both laughed. That was what we heard.