 My thanks again to Angel Love for the great job of editing my work.

Debbie pulled the soft towel tighter across her breast. She slipped her fingers through the ringlets that were forming in her damp hair, twisting a section around her index finger, a nervous habit she had as long as she could remember. The candles threw shadows across the walls and disguised the familiarity of her normal life. She had done just as she had promised. She had unlocked the patio door, showered and wrapped herself in a towel. 

She knew Josh had slipped into her room while she was in the shower and was watching her now, through the candlelight. They had discussed this scenario dozens of times online, and then on the phone. The first few times they fumbled through things, sharing ideas, changing locations, testing each other's limits. The more they learned about each other's passions and desires, the more in tune they were with each other. 

For the past few weeks their chats had been like a well-practiced dance. Every move was perfectly executed. She could feel his touch through his words and they made her tremble with desire. Tonight they were to bring their chat into reality.

Debbie pulled back the comforter and stood facing the corner where Joshua sat, hidden in the shadows. She could hear his breathing, and she was sure he could hear her heart beating wildly in her chest. Slowly she loosened her towel and let it fall to her feet. Her hands moved to her ample breasts as she massaged herself gently, her already hard nipples becoming more erect. She licked her index finger and lightly pinched each nipple; moistening them and feeling herself tingle. 

Moving to the side of the bed, she lay on her back, propped by the mountain of pillows. She felt Joshua move closer as she reached into her nightstand and found her vibrator. She placed her freshly manicured feet on the mattress, parted her legs just slightly with her knees bent so he might get a glimpse of her treasure, but still kept a bit of mystery. 

Below the bed Joshua sat, watching. It was already taking all his restraint not to speak, not to reach for her, not to grab her and taste her lips and finally touch her beautiful breasts. He steadied his breath as her vibrator began to hum softy. The reflection from the candlelight danced across her still moist skin. Her face was in shadows, but he could sense her tension. He knew that soon, her tension would be relieved and the fire of her passion would change her into the woman he had been obsessed with these past few months. 

Debbie moved one hand to her breast as she lightly brushed the tip of the vibrator across her neatly trimmed pussy. She massaged her breasts, almost kneading them, as she increased the pressure of the vibrator and began rubbing it harder against her clit. Her legs parted further, and when she finally let out a low sensual moan, Joshua's physical needs overcame him and he began stroking himself as he watched her. 

Parting her legs further, she slid the tip of the vibrator into her already wet vagina. Joshua could smell her sweet juices from where he sat, stroking his cock, watching. The sound of her moans, along with her heavy breathing was intoxicating. He moved closer to her, but stayed in the shadows of the candlelight. 

As she plunged the vibrator deeper into herself, she used the fingers of her other hand to circle her clit. She began moving her hips in her own rhythm, bucking and grinding against her fingers and against the humming vibrator. Her moans were stronger and louder now and the aroma of her juices floated through the air and drove him wild with desire. Joshua didn't want to cum yet, but he couldn't help stroking his stiff cock as he watched her pleasure herself as if she were the only person in the room.

Debbie turned the vibrator off, sat it aside and slowly slipped two fingers inside herself. Rubbing her clit with her thumb, she moaned louder and her hips rose to push against her own hand. Her fingers slipped in and out of her wet pussy until her moans turned into the sweet sound of her bringing herself to climax. She rocked against her own hand until she rode out the waves of ecstasy, her breath short and raspy, and her body trembling. Finally she took her fingers out of her pussy and rubbed the cum from them across her nipples, then licked her fingertips. 

All of the tension that she felt was long gone; she took a minute to recover from her orgasm, still purring with satisfaction. The idea of Joshua watching her had always been exciting but this had been more sensual than she had ever imagined. She could hear his heavy breathing and his low moans and she knew that he was ready to explode. 

Slowly Debbie rolled over on the bed and positioned herself on her hands and knees so Joshua had a perfect view of her beautiful ass. Her knees parted; again, her hand went to her wet pussy. She slipped a finger inside herself and drew her moistness back across her stiff clit. Slow and steadily, she teased her clit, stroking, pinching between her fingertips, and then slipping her fingers back into her pussy. She began rocking back and forth against her fingers as she came closer and closer to orgasm. 

In the shadows he could see her soft curls spread across her shoulders as she began to moan softly with pleasure once again. Joshua's cock was rock hard and the pre-cum was dripping from him. He knew it was almost time. He couldn't wait to touch her, but on the other hand, he couldn't believe how arousing it was to be so close and watch her cum. As much as he couldn't wait to taste her juices, he hated for this to end. 

He had heard her cum dozens of times on the phone and he knew just when she was at the height of her orgasm. Her soft round ass was just inches away and she was fucking her fingers wildly now, as if he wasn't in the room. All her inhibitions had faded away and she was in a world of her own.

Joshua knew what every sound that she made meant. He had heard them on the phone so many times, and dreamed about them at least as many times. When he finally heard the low sexy purr that came from somewhere deep within Debbie, it was time. He stood slowly and stepped close behind her; he slid his hands up her thighs and ran them across her ass. He slid his cock between her legs, but not inside her. Her pussy was hot and wet and he couldn't wait to be inside her. 

He slid his fingers across her wet clit, and then slipped one inside her, gently at first, then harder. Two fingers slid inside her pussy easily and again, she let out a seductive moan and began to grind against his hand. He reached for her breast with his other hand and gently pinched her hard nipple. He pulled his fingers out of her dripping pussy and sucked the cum off of them before he leaned over to kiss her beautiful ass. 

Debbie trembled at his touch. His hands were warm and gentle on her skin, yet strong too. She parted her knees further, her ass in the air, anticipating his next move. He pulled her closer and finally guided his hard cock into her wet pussy. They both moaned with pleasure as he slowly filled her with his cock. Joshua's hands on her ass, he began pumping her slowly and purposefully. 

She met each stroke by grinding hard against him, her pussy tight around his cock, feeling him deep inside her. One hand on her ass, he explored her body with the other as he fucked her harder and deeper. Massaging a nipple, pinching it, cupping her breast. She slid her hand between her legs, and ran her fingertips beneath his balls as they slapped against her ass. She teased them as she pushed hard against him, feeling him in her so deep. 

Joshua's breath quickened and a moan came somewhere from deep within him. He gently grabbed a handful of her long, curly hair and began to pull on it. She moaned wildly and her own fingers went to her clit again. They fucked, his cock sliding in and out of her harder and faster; she was grinding hard against him, taking his long hard cock deep in her with every stroke, and massaging her clit harder and faster. 

He tugged harder on her hair as her body exploded in waves of pleasure. He slammed his cock into her, moving his hands to her hips; he pulled her ass hard to him as he erupted inside her. She rocked her ass from side to side, squeezing every drop of cum from his cock, not wanting this to be over, never wanting him to pull out of her. Finally, still inside her, he pulled her back against him, his arms around her, caressing her, kissing her shoulders, smelling her hair.

They both knew their story. They had written it so many times, but neither had expected this to be so sensual, so fulfilling. Joshua's fingers traced her face and he looked at her closely for the first time. He tried to memorize every curve of her face. They had agreed that this would only happen once, she had insisted on it, because of the distance that they lived apart but now, in the afterglow, he was not sure he could keep that promise. He looked into her eyes for some clue that she felt the same way. 

She tried hard to keep the sadness from showing in her eyes. How could she let this man walk away as they had agreed, and never know more of him? How could she not experience all the rest that they could be together? She slid her hand to his cheek and lightly kissed his lips, the feel of his hands on her skin already burning a place in her memory. She knew that she could not let this man go.

In the soft glow of the candlelight he gently touched her face. As he kissed her lips, a tear slid down her cheek and he brushed it away with his thumb. He knew what she was thinking as she twisted a curl nervously around her finger. She had worried that if this tryst was ever to happen, that he wouldn't really want her. That somehow she wasn't attractive enough, or thin enough, or good enough to hold his interest for more than a night. 

He pulled her close, holding her tight, his face buried in her hair and whispered, "Tomorrow." He pulled himself away from her and slipped out the door, as quietly as he had entered.