 Johnny felt good about his last idea to make his and his wife Melissa's sex life more interesting. With a bit of luck he had stumbled across the realization that just changing things up a little had made things hotter. He had come home unexpectedly at lunch and had hot, passionate sex with his wife. 

His new idea was taking a little time to muster up the courage for, but the time also allowed him to fantasize and plan the events for that evening. 

He had decided to spend the night with his wife in a hotel. The change of location would only be the first point to change things up. He also had some ideas that he hoped would make this evening especially exciting for his wife. 

On the day he had chosen, he stopped on his way home from work and rented a nice room at a local hotel. He placed some candles and a bottle of wine in the room, set the air conditioning, and left. Had then stopped by his house and placed an envelope in the mail box. 

He sent a text to his wife. "Check the mail."

Melissa sent a text back, "Where are you?" But there was no response. When she got the mail she found an envelope with just her name on it. Inside was key card to a hotel room, and instructions. 

"Pack an overnight bag. Include red lipstick, stockings, and a sleeping mask. Go to the hotel on the key card and wait for my text."

Melissa sent a text, "What is going on?" She waited, but no response. "Where are you?" Nothing. She decided to do as Johnny had asked. 

She packed a bag, including the items she was directed to bring and left for the hotel. When she arrived she looked around the room, finding the items Johnny had left there. She looked for him but Johnny was not in the room.

After some time, her phone went off. "Go to the restaurant in front of the hotel. Sit at the bar and order a drink and dinner. If anyone speaks to you be friendly."

Melissa went downstairs and took the short walk to the restaurant. Inside she looked around, but again, no sign of Johnny. The restaurant was one she had been in several times before, and it had a horse shoe shaped bar. 

She sat at the bar and ordered a drink and looked at the menu. She settled on the chicken Alfredo and ordered, constantly looking around. 

Johnny had watched her enter the restaurant from the parking lot and had waited a few minutes to enter himself. When he did he sat across from her at the bar. 

Melissa saw him immediately and looked at him intensely. He never looked at her while he ordered a beer and started looking at the menu. 

Melissa was staring at him wondering what was going on when a man sat next to her. She felt her heart beat a little faster as ideas flooded her mind. 

"What is he up to? Does he expect me to sleep with this man? Why is he doing this?"

Johnny hadn't planned for anyone to sleep with his wife. He was however hoping it would have her wondering, and he hoped that this was enough to get her thinking.

Melissa's dinner arrived and she started eating. Several minutes had passed since the strange, good looking man had sat down next to her without a word having been spoken. 

Once she had started eating though he did speak. 

"How is it?" he asked. 

"Good, it always is here" she nervously replied.

"I considered ordering that, maybe I should have" he said. 

Melissa smiled and looked over at her husband, drinking his beer and seemingly uninterested in what was taking place across the bar. 

"How could he do this?" she thought to herself. 

Melissa continued eating, and there was a little chatting between her and the stranger next to her. She watched her husband as he started to eat, and she also ordered another drink. 

She watched him as he stopped eating and pulled out his phone. 

Her phone went off. Another text from Johnny. 

"Go to the room." 

Melissa watched him intently as she finished her drink and paid her bill. She gave a nervous smile to the man next to her while she said goodbye, and returned to the hotel. 

As she walked down the hall she got another text. "Light the candles. Take a shower. Put on the stockings and some lipstick and relax. No panties!" 

Melissa got inside and lit the candles. She undressed and got in the shower, The water felt good and her nervousness was easing a bit. Her mind was racing still though, wondering what was going to happen. 

When she finished she dried off and looked in the mirror. She got ready for whatever it would be, including following her husband's directions on what to wear. 

She opened the wine and poured a glass, sat on the bed and looked at her phone. 

"What now? What is he going to do? Who will be coming in here? Should I tell him I'm ready?" She wondered so many things. 

She decided to wait. She drank her wine and thought about the possibilities. She light touched herself, running her fingers across her neck and then her breasts. 

Her phone finally went off. "Put on the mask. Lay down on the bed. Relax." 

Melissa's interested in what he had planned was intense now. She wanted to ask so many questions but his lack of response earlier convinced her that she would not get one this time either. 

She decided to trust him. She did as he asked, slipping in the mask, and laid back on the bed. 

Her mind was still racing but her arousal was peaked. She laid there waiting, her nipples hard and her pussy getting wet. 

The door opened. She wanted to hear her husband's voice but there was only silence. She heard footsteps getting closer. She felt the weight of another person climbing on the bed.

She thought he felt and smelled like her husband, but the darkness in the mask left her wondering if it was him or not. She couldn't tell. "It has to be him" she thought. 

She felt hands softly spreading her legs. Then those hands slipped behind her knees and pushed them up, spreading her open and slightly rolling her hips back. She felt breath on her pussy. 

A wide, soft tongue licked her from the bottom of her opening to the top. Slow, light strokes of the tongue made her have to catch her breath. 

Soon the tongue was in her pussy, going in and out. It felt so good and she wanted more. She felt lips on her own, sucking on her labia softly. 

This was not what she was used to. "Who is this? It has to be him, right?" She continued to wonder, but the pleasure was over riding the questions at this point. 

She felt the tongue on her clit. Soft, slow circles around her swollen button. The hands slipped up along her sides and squeezed her tits. The tongue licking her harder and more deliberately. She was completely in the moment, loving the feelings she was having. 

The hands were on her nipples, squeezing and rolling them. Slightly pulling them while the tongue continued to lick her clit. 

The motions on her clit were becoming faster and harder, and her body was getting tense. She felt her nipples getting pulled and squeezed, and she moaned with the feeling of impending ecstasy. She arched her back and moaned loader still and felt her orgasm hit, her thighs clenching together and her body convulsing. Her back was off the bed and she twisted her body, overwhelmed with her feelings of pleasure. 

She felt and heard the person rise while she laid there, unable to move, catching her breath. She heard the door opening and lifted the mask, hoping to see who it was. It was too dark and her vision too blurred to make out much, and all too quick the door was closed. 

She laid there and enjoyed the feeling of satisfaction. She had experienced a powerful orgasm, and could barely move. Thoughts slowly started to come back to her, and she wanted to know what had just happened. 

Johnny had hoped that seeds of wonder had been planted. He hadn't made any arrangements for the stranger to have spoken to his wife at the restaurant, so he had felt lucky that that had happened. He went the hotel and ate her pussy as quiet as possible and trying to make it different than his usual routine. 

He left thinking he had definitely made cum harder than normal, but unsure if she knew it was him or not. 

He left and took a short drive to kill some time. He wanted Melissa to wait and wonder. He wanted the suspense to build some more before he went to the hotel to make love to her. 

Melissa was anxious to hear from Johnny. When she couldn't wait anymore she sent him a text, "Where are you?" There was no answer. She was wanting him more than ever and minutes seemed like hours. 

Finally the door opened. Johnny walked in and smiled at her, walking towards the bed. He undressed as she watched, looking him up and down. 

"Who was that?" she asked. "That was you, right?" Johnny smiled and ran his hand across her shoulder. He didn't say a word as he leaned in to kiss her, his hands reaching down to cup her breasts. She looked beautiful, and her lipstick and stockings always turned him on a little more. 

Melissa was too hot to worry or ask any more questions at this point. She took charge and pushed her husband back on the bed. She went straight for his cock, and without the usual teasing slipped her lips cross his head. She licked it and sucked on the tip, rubbing his balls with her hand. 

He felt so smooth and she loved suck his dick. She rubbed at the base of his dick while her mouth started slipping further and further down his manhood. She heard his moans and felt his hand slowly rubbing the back of her head. 

His hand found his way down her back and squeezed her ass as she worked more intently on his stuff tool. Her red lips were sliding up and down it now most of its length while her hand was following it up and down as well. 

Her motions became quicker, as she could not contain her desire. She loved the feeling she had giving him so much pleasure, as his moans arched back proved.

He wanted to be inside her, and pulled her head back. She resisted at first but then gave way, knowing he was ready and to wanting to fuck her pussy. 

He laid her back on the bed and spread her legs. He got between her thighs and rubbed the head of his cock at her entrance. 

He rubbed the head on her wet lips and slipped inside. Her breath escaped her as she felt his fullness fill her up. He started as slow as he could, short soft strokes with his dick buried deep inside her. 

As she got used to him being inside her he lengthened his strokes. He leaned forward to lick and suck her nipples while his dick went deeper and deeper. His strokes became longer and harder as he felt her tight, warm pussy become more and more inviting.

Her pussy always felt so good and tonight was no exception. After an orgasm she was always so sensitive and felt extra tight around his dick. 

He leaned in to kiss her and fucked her harder and faster. He dropped himself on top of her and reached down to pull squeeze her ass and pull her closer. He was dying to cum and she could feel it.

"Yes baby, fuck me harder. Cum in that pussy baby, cum for me!" 

Johnny was thrusting hard and his dick was swollen. He felt the cum surging through his balls while he thrust as hard and deep as he could. Hearing his wife ask for it always drove him wild and he could wait no more. 

His cum shot from his dick, loud moans escaping his mouth. His orgasm was long and full, and Melissa could fill his cum filling her up. "Oh yes baby, cum in me" she cried as he came deep inside her. 

His orgasm was long and intense, and it felt like more cum than ever had shot out of his dick. 

He stayed inside her, his dick slowly getting softer. He was breathing hard and look down lovingly on his wife. She laid still with her eyes closed, her breath making her breasts heave with each inhale and exhale. 

Johnny slipped out of his wife and sat beside her. He reached down with his hand and rubbed his finger up and down her pussy. She was very wet and sensitive, and her thighs started to close. 

Johnny reached down with his other hand and pulled her thighs apart. His finger dipped lower on her pussy slid up down her opening. He slid two fingers on each side of her clit and felt how hard it still was. 

He pressed a finger on her clit and rubbed it slowly side to side, back and forth. Her clit grew even harder as he rubbed it harder and faster. 

His other hand ran up and down the inside of her thighs while his finger built up speed on her hard clit. 

She gave in complete to his efforts and laid back. Her clit was getting harder and his finger was continuing to build up speed. His hands always knew how to please her and in her turned on state tonight they felt better than ever. 

He sensed her orgasm building rubbed across her clit as fast as he could. Again her thighs clenched and let out loud moans while the waves of her orgasm came across her body. She clenched her thighs right and he struggled to stay on her button, which was as hard as he had felt it. 

Her orgasm was intense and her pussy was so sensitive. She pulled his hand away and breathed hard and deep. The feeling was wonderful and overwhelming. 

She was as satisfied as she had ever been, and her orgasm had drained her completely. She drifted off to sleep while Johnny laid beside her. He softly kissed her cheek and fell asleep himself. He was proud to have satisfied his wife so fully. 

In the morning she woke to find herself alone. She had some questions for her husband, and couldn't wait to see him and find out the answers.