 As we lay there, thinking about our love making, so happy with all around us, we kiss, holding each other so close. Knowing we have one another, we start playing...rolling around on the floor, laughing like two kids. Until finally we stop and I am atop you, looking into each other’s eyes. Long, loving gazes...again wanting each other. 

I bend down to kiss you, your eyes, your cheek, your lips...oh your lips!! Those luscious lips that I love feeling on mine, kissing so deeply. Chills shoot through my whole body and I moan...oh yes you are here with me. 

Feeling a stirring from beneath me...yes, you are becoming as aroused as me. So playfully, I start grinding my pussy on your groin and now you are moaning. Giggling, I feel you rising, getting so hard. My...yes my, love tool that I am going to ride hard and get so wet. Foreplay will be left to how I want it...for now. And I have decided to please me, as you watch. I reach down and slip you inside me...oooooooooooooo God, it feels as good to me as it does to you!! You feel so deep, it is like you are in the middle of me!! 

I am beginning to ride your cock slowly to feel you in every nook inside me. Grinding and riding you, working you inside me, scratching every sexual itch. My lips parted, my eyes closed, then open to close again. The coyish smile on your face tells me you are enjoying the show before you, getting you more worked up as I use your hardened rod. To help with my enjoyment you begin moving your pelvis to help reach those hard to reach places. On and on we move together and then...Oh My God!...yes! I’m cumming...oooooooooooooooooooo. My pussy juices flow all your cock, over your groin! Oh, the explosion! It was so incredible, I want more.

The smile on your face as I let out a moan...a sigh. Floating...my body, my mind in the clouds. I am so weak feeling as you lay me down and are now over me. The gaze in our eyes is like we are seeing into each other’s souls. You kiss my lips and start working down my neck with little kisses, both bringing me back... AND arousing me again. Placing your hands on my breasts, squeezing gently, to then suck my hardened nipples. Moaning, feeling that floating sensation again. Oh what you do to me, how you make me feel! 

My eyes closed as I feel your hands messaging me...my breasts...my sides...my stomach, down my legs to my feet and sliding your hands slowly up again to my wanton pussy. Gliding your fingers over my labia, stroking me so gently, driving me so wildly crazy with your fervid touches. Burying your head between my legs with your tongue licking my cunt hole, nibbling on my clit and I am becoming so light-headed ...swooning. Licking me up and down from cunt to ass, my own pussy juices are now combining with the wetness from your salivation. 

Tonguing my tunnel, I squirm... as my fingers are playing with my clit, rubbing it. Feeling your tongue against my fingers, while you continue probing my cunt hole. Moaning, sighing, panting...you shove two fingers in and I scream with sheer delight! On and on you tongue me and I feel the tingle from inside me...yes I am so ready. Oh...I’m cumming...yeesssssss...ooooooooooooooooooo Yes, Oh God, Yes...screamingggggg...yyyyyyeeeeeesssssssss!! At the peak of orgasm you slide your cock in me and...OH God...SCREAMMMMMMMMM!! OH GOD, I CAN’T BELIEVE HOW CRAZY THIS DROVE ME!! To cum with such extreme force...oh yes what he does to me!!

When I think I have felt my ultimate, he turns me over and rams his rock hard cock in my ass and I SCREAMMMMM again!! Pumping so hard, so deep in my ass, orgasm after orgasm comes over me in waves. Breathing, panting but not really catching my breath at all. As now I hear low toned moans coming from him. I feel him trembling as he drives his cock in me. His moans...oh his deep moans...yes he’s cumming!! With that we both EXPLODE in harmony... Yyyyyyeeesssssssssss God!! How we came!! Both trembling, shaking and chills all over us both. He collapses on me and we lay there, his arms wrapped around me. 

As my mind is in total bliss, I hear from the other room my alarm going off...and I realize that I spent the whole night sitting at my computer dreaming of this complete rapture of he and I. Well...time to start a new day...