 Britain, 450 

After many attacks and wars, a truce was to be made with Romans and a Celtic tribe. It would be made by marriage. A centurion would wed the village leader's daughter. And peace would be made. 

That bride would be Seren, and she was not pleased. Her father only wanted the best for his people. Romans were only known as cold hearted rutting dogs to the Celts. She combed her long blond hair, and dressed for the feast. Her maid, Edith, began to braid her hair. 

"You must be pleased of this marriage, my dear." Edith began.

Seren frowned."No,I am rather against it."

"But a Centurion,he is likely to be wealthy. You will have a good life and a home to fill with babies."

Seren shuddered. Half Celt half Roman babies! The horror! In the mirror, she looked at herself, her attire was a dark purple gown with a lace up bodice, and she wore silver bangles. She hoped not to be man handled by those men. Romans had an insane amount of lust. 

Her father had served a huge feast, along with loud music and dancing. The tables held roasted pheasant, roasted pig, clotted creams, leeks, fish with honey and herbs, fresh apples, and breads. The centurion stood beside her father. He was tall and dark. His hair was thick and curly and his eyes dark. His face was good looking, and when his eyes met hers, she felt her heart jump and warmth heat between her thighs. He had a strong and well toned body, she wanted to feel how strong he was. Other Roman men reached out to touch her body as she moved past the crowd. Seren fought to keep their hands off. 

The centurion noticed and came before her and helped her get past the men and lewd comments.

She stiffened at his touch. 

Her father seemed pleased with him as he drank his ale. Seren ran to him. "Father, please do not make me marry a Roman." She pleaded.

Her father smiled. "Now my girl, you should be pleased. You will be taken care of."

"And once the peace is over, I am killed."

"No, you will be secure. It has been vowed."

"I will not submit to him." Seren huffed. The centurion smiled at her. She fumed. 

He came to her."Lady," He greeted."I am Justin Valerius."

She let him take her hand into his and the crowd cheered. It seemed this marriage would happen whether she liked it or not.

Justin kissed her hand, and she shivered at the warmth of his mouth on her skin. His eyes gleamed sinfully. 

"Please,"She whispered.

He smiled and let her go, and the ceremony began.

Dim candle light filled the dark room of Justin's bed chamber. He carried his bride into the room and set her on the bed. She looked at him with bright green eyes and swallowed hard. He felt pity, knowing she barely knew him. She was tiny and very pretty, but not very young. Her father said she was nineteen summers, old enough to be a wife. Still, he was only a handful of years older than she. 

"Your father wants me to take your virginity tonight, so the pact can't be taken back." He said softly.

She nodded."I understand."

"Please do not fight me. Let me make this good for us both."

She bit her bottom lip."I won't fight you, but I won't like it. "

"Very well, stand up." 

She stood and he unlaced her bodice, revealing her full creamy breasts. He ran a fingertip around her pink nipples, making her shiver. Heat flooded her pussy. He rubbed her nipples and cupped her breasts in his hands.

"You are lovely, Seren." He said to her.

She let out a soft moan as he stripped the gown off her leaving her naked before him. He bent his head and nuzzled her neck, and kissed her collarbone. She pushed at his hard chest, and felt the muscles ripple under her palms. He was strong and could easily take her. He caught a nipple in his mouth and sucked hard making her cry out. He let his hands feel her soft body and felt his cock harden. She was a beauty and tasted so sweet.

Seren was in bliss, his mouth sucked and licked her nipples, and she grew wet."Please, stop..."

He looked at her. "I hurt you"?

'' No, but I want it over with."

Justin stood. She noticed his erection and stepped back."I warn you, it will hurt the first time."

"The only time."

He laughed at that."No, lady. You are to satisfy my desire, each night if I wish it."

She struggled from him yet his hand found her wet heat and she gasped. He grinned and pushed one finger in, making her tremble.

"You like that"? He asked. Then he found her clit and began to rub, she cried out. 

Seren could barely think. This man was pleasuring her body. The enemy was trying to bring her bliss. She had no will to fight it. 

"Let me feel you," She asked.

He pulled away and began to strip off his clothing, letting her look at his hard muscled body. She bit her lip, and pressed a palm to his hard chest. She felt his heart pounding and smiled. Her hands traveled down over his skin, feeling him. She ran her fingertips along his hard thick cock and he gasped. She ran a thumb over the tip. It was too much for Justin. 

"Vixen." He pulled her against him and kissed her, tasting her. She rubbed her body against his, wanting more. 

Justin pulled away and lay her on the bed, and was over her. Panting, she spread her legs and he rubbed his cock along her slit, making her purr.

"Please..." She whispered. "Do it."

Justin still rubbed, making her go wild. He began to suck and lick her nipples. She came hard, trembling. Justin waited no longer and thrust hard. She arched in pain, gasping. He hands fisted against his chest.

He stilled. "Easy, hold still."

"I can't,your too big...please..." She gasped. 

Justin kissed her and held still, until she began to move her hips, feeling him. The pain had eased, but she was sore. Justin moved with her slowly then picked up the pace, she clawed at his back and arms. 

"Are you alright"? He asked breathless.

"Sore but it feels so good." 

He smiled and ground his pelvic bone against her clit, she came again with soft cries. He followed, filling her womb with his hot cum. 

After, they lay side by side, panting. Seren sighed and felt happy to have felt such bliss at last. Moving to his side, Justin kissed her forehead and looked down at her.

"This may not be so bad, Seren." He said softly."You are now lady of my house."

Seren shifted and winced at how sore she felt. She sat up slowly and cried out at seeing blood on her thighs. Justin got up.

"All virgins bleed the first time. It is alright." He came to her with a wet cloth and pressed it to her delicate folds. She shivered.

"I am sore,I am sorry." She bit her lip and blushed.

Justin liked how sweet she looked when she blushed. "You must be. We can rest this night and you can heal."

"When will you take me again"? Seren whispered.

Justin got in bed beside her. "When your body is ready." He said and pulled her to him and kissed her. "Do you fear me"?

She shook her head. "No." She said against his lips. She rather liked being held and kissed like this. It was unlike anything she had known.

As she fell asleep, Seren felt peace and contentment.

Letting his bride sleep, Justin got up at dawn and washed. He knew Seren would be worn out from last night. After washing and dressing he went into the kitchen to eat.

The cook had prepared a small feast for him and his new wife. Oats with honey, sugared pastries, fresh berries, thick bacon and some sweet wine. After eating, Justin carried a tray to his chambers for Seren. She was awake curled up against the pillows. His heart caught at seeing how lovely she was. 

"I am famished." She smiled at him.

Justin was glad she was at ease with him. "I am glad, my cook prepared a nice meal."

As she ate the blankets fell down from around her and Justin felted his cock harden at seeing her breasts and navel. "What does your name mean"?

"It means 'star' in Celt." She told him. 

With her golden hair it fit her well Justin decided. After she ate she sighed and fell back into the pillows.

"Why are you dressed already"? Seren asked. "We are allowed to stay in bed all day today."

"I am tempted to take you again." Justin shrugged. "And I don't want to hurt you."

Seren thought."Will it hurt or will I just feel pleasure from now on"?

He grew even harder."Pleasure."

"I see." She thought. She looked at her good looking husband and knew she wanted him again. Getting out of bed she walked to him and began to unlace his pants. Justin moaned as when he was freed into her small hand. "You want me." Not a question.

"Yes, Seren. I been wanting you since last night."

She stroked him and ran a fingertip over the blunt head. He drew away suddenly. 

"Lay down," He told her as he undressed. She laid on the bed and he came over her and their mouths met. Seren moaned as he deepened the kiss. She was wet and ready for him already. Justin broke the kiss and looked at her. Her pretty green eyes were dazed. He thrust deeply and she whimpered. Her face showed bliss not pain. He began a slow rhythm letting her just feel and enjoy.

"It feels so good." She panted, meeting his every move. 

"Better than last time"? Justin asked.

Seren nodded. She felt him reach between their bodies and he found her little nub of pleasure and began to rub it. She cried out and shattered around him. He thrust deep and hard as he spilled inside her. Panting, Justin moved off her and fell beside her on the bed. 

Seren felt like her body was singing. So much bliss! And she wanted Justin again. And by the grin on his face, she knew he wanted her as well.