 As soon as the reporter walks in her office she is attracted to him. He is visiting her to do a story on her University and their "going green" efforts around campus. Although this interview was sprung on her by her boss late in the day, she regrets being a little miffed at him. She had wanted to go home on time. It had been a long day. But at least the reporter was good-looking.

"Hi, I'm Kate. Good to meet you," she said as she shook his hand and smiled at him.

"Hey it's great to meet you too. I'm Ben. Thank you for taking the time to do this interview. I'm looking forward to the tour of your facilities," he said as he sat down in the comfy chair in front of her desk and pulled out his small notebook from his coat pocket. Her "facilities" looked mighty inviting as well.

God she was smoking hot. How in the hell did he get so lucky? His mind temporarily diverted to a scene in his head. He imagined taking her right there on her desk. Knocking off all those piles of paperwork with one big swoosh of his arm, bending her over the desk, lifting her skirt, and fucking her. Right then and there. Reality came back to him when she handed him a brochure about the University.

"This explains most of our sustainability and energy conservation efforts," she said as she handed him a glossy, colorful, tri-fold pamphlet. "It should be very helpful in your article. But of course if you have any questions along the way, just ask."

As he leafed through it, he realized he could take fewer notes and pay more attention to her. It was very comprehensive. He could write the entire article easily now. But to make him appear engaged in the work at hand, he writes in his notebook "desk fuck".

"Well let's go on the tour," she stands and heads for the door. He takes a deep breath of her clean smell that arises from her walking past him.

Oh damn she's hot! He is sure that underneath her sexy black skirt her womanhood is bare with no panties. And he wishes her matching top was just one inch lower along her cleavage, just one more inch, so he could see where that long necklace is pointing to. Ahh...to be that necklace and have front row seats to her perfect breasts. He writes "I wanna be her necklace" in his notebook and flips it closed.

They both walk to the University's electric car. It looks like a glorified golf cart. The two-seater at least leaves hardly any room between them. She steps into the driver's side and he notices her legs for the first time, but not the last time. Her thigh length skirt comes to just above her knee. It rises a little above that mark as she takes a seat. From the end of her skirt flow two beautiful, firm, tanned legs with no panty hose to constrict them. Further down she is wearing sexy black pumps with an endless high heel. He simply can't take his eyes off of them. He gawks at them the entire time and he can't close his mouth. As she presses the gas pedal he can see her taut muscles, and another brief visual of her legs upended around his shoulders grasping him as he fucks her passes in his mind before she takes off from the parking lot. He, of course, writes "legs" in his notebook.

They move through the campus and she points out the recycling center with its large dumpsters for sorting the trash. They also pass the gray water storage tank which captures rainwater for irrigating the landscaped lawns. She really knows her stuff and that made her even sexier to him. Their last stop was a six-story brick building which she explains is the Student Center. Before he leaves the car, he writes "nasty and wet" and puts his notes in his jacket pocket, and takes a deep horny breath.

Kate takes him to a mechanical room to show him their stash of energy efficient fluorescent bulbs and electronic ballasts. He imagines running the long thin tube along her pussy lips, pushing forward and backward in short strokes. His cock is growing inside of his gray slacks and he wishes he could show her. She then takes him to another mechanical room where the equipment is quite loud. In here there are chillers and boilers and pumps and pipes. He wants to bend her over that large yellow chilled water pipe and show her some pumping alright. He visualizes her hiking up her skirt and hopping on top of the large diameter pipe and riding it like a bucking bull at a honky-tonk bar, with her clit slowly moving along the thick insulation, and throwing her head back in ecstasy as she rides it.

She is still talking about the energy efficiency of the equipment but he finds it hard to concentrate. At one point she looks at him with a puzzling glance. Her hair is in a businesslike bun at the back of her neck, and her brown eyes look at him over her studious glasses. He wants to take off her glasses and loosen her hair to let it flow while removing her clothing. She is quite breathtaking underneath the business attire.

It is warm and dark in the mechanical room, and although a clean room, still a nasty, manly place. Sexy. Hot. God how he wishes he could take her right there. Nobody would know, nobody would hear, and there are plenty of dark corners to fuck her in. She understands I believe, especially after glancing down at his crotch. She looks back up at him with a knowing look, and seems to relax. He could see her breasts move with her quickened breath and she glances at him a few seconds longer. Then she smiles. Oh yeah, he thinks she wants him too.

This was confirmed when she grabbed his growing cock and planted a kiss on his shocked lips. Her tongue shot in his mouth and her hips were pressing against his. Before he knew it she had leaned them both against the wall. You could barely hear her slight, breathless moans over the whistling and rumbling of the equipment, but he could sure feel her.

"Do you like the view Ben? I bet you want to see more," her voice is hoarse as she finally lets go of his cock. He could not find his voice so he nodded his head in response. His mouth was permanently open now, and he so wanted to free his rock hard dick.

"Come on," she says, "I'm going to show you a surprise," as she winks at him.

They hop back in the electric car and go to the west part of campus. They start moving through the Arts Building. She knows her way. Her steps seem to speed up and he purposely walks behind her so he can take in the view. After a few more twists and turns through the hallways, they end up on an elevator. Once inside she bends down, unzips his pants, and takes his cock in her mouth.

"Oh hell," he manages to say in a shaky voice as his head rests against the elevator door.

Her hot breath falls on his balls as she tries to breathe with his cock buried to the hilt in her throat. She moves her wet mouth all the way to the end and looks at him, then sucks his length again to the base.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh God yeah," he moans after each inch. He wraps his hands around her head and pushes his cock further into her throat. His hips push forward and backward and he fucks those lips, those sweet beautiful lips. Each time her mouth makes slurping sounds, and his large head is hitting the back of her throat.

They both slightly jump when the elevator stops and the door starts to open. She stands up and wipes her lips with her left hand and he quickly zips his pants. They end up on a small roof access ledge. Here there are metal grating stairs leading upward.

He follows her like a panting puppy, each stair making her ass swish in his face. It seems she is exaggerating her hips from side to side and she removes the band containing her hair. The long brown mass falls to her curved lower back. She looks back at him with a naughty glance and he notices she had removed her glasses. After the final step he removes his eyes from her ass and sees they are standing on the wide span of roof. A green roof. Small seedums of plants are spaced perfectly all along the top. Although interesting, his priority had switched long ago to fucking her, his article can wait.

They walk the maze of mini sidewalks for viewing the green roof and end up at a bench placed in the middle. The wooden bench was not wide and not very tall either. The day was turning to dusk and he could see the beginning of the stars lighting in the sky. He was perched on top of a ten-story building, his cock was hard, and his gut was tingling with the thought of what was about to happen.

"Lay down," she whispers. He obeys and lies lengthwise on the bench with his feet still touching the roof.

She lifts her skirt over her long beautiful legs, and his suspicions were confirmed. No panties. She begins to straddle the bench, and him, and he attempts to undo his pants again.

"No, not yet," she says as she straddles his face instead. She lowers her throbbing pussy on his mouth, and he gladly starts eating her. He licks her swollen clit and sticks his tongue inside of her. He licks and enters, licks and enters. Her quiet moans begin to fill the darkening night air and her hips are moving in cadence with his tongue. He places his hands on her glorious ass and up to her lower back and he continues to lick and enter with a curling, firm tongue. Her juices are flowing onto his chin, and she moves almost liquidly while gracefully grinding herself on his face.

Unknowing to the pair, a professor sees them from his office window in an adjoining building. He is working late on a research grant project and just happened to look up from his computer to see them gallivanting on the roof. As he gets up and closes and locks his door, a song pops into his head from his own partying college days in the bars. He mutters to himself, "the roof, the roof, the roof is on fire, we don't need no water let the motherfucker burn..."

The intrigued, and now horny, professor stands at his window to get a closer look and he thinks the woman sees him from the corner of her eye, but she is too busy to pay much attention. However, she looks right at him yet again as she is straddling the guy's face and smiles. Oh yeah, he thinks, she knows I'm here and watching.

Kate is beginning to get in a frenzy and Ben looks up over the curves of her breasts and sees she is smiling. She is fucking his face in short motions and her moans are getting louder and louder. She seems to be looking at something but he doesn't care, his large cock is straining against his pants and all he wants to do is fuck her hot pussy.

"Was that pussy good baby?" she asks, as she moves down the bench. Ben can hear his zipper being pulled down and his throbbing cock is finally released from its confines. "Wanna fuck? I wanna fuck you so bad."

His cock is standing straight up and she gasps when she sees how large it has grown. She strokes it with her sweating palm a couple of times and looks at it hungrily. Her legs are on either side of the bench and she slowly bends her knees to allow her pussy to touch his head. She lets out a groan from deep in her throat as she allows just his head to push into her.

"Oh yeah...oh shit yeah," she says as she suddenly becomes weak. Her head lulls back and her mouth opens letting in gasps of fresh air. She sits all the down on him and screams out with a guttural sound as his cock fills up her pussy with a hard and firm prod.

His dick easily slides to the hilt and he can't believe the time is finally here. Her muscles squeeze, squeeze, and squeeze him, so fucking wet, so fucking hot. He bucks his hips upward and she becomes slightly off balance and grabs his chest to steady herself. She begins to grind him, slowly at first, grind grind grind. Each movement is sliding the bench an inch off its mark. Her body tenses and jerks, then becomes soft and fluid, her hips moving against him in round and round motions. She can barely keep her head lifted enough to see the man in the window staring at her. She can hardly stand it, fucking this hard ass dick and seeing the other dick in the window pointing in her direction.

The professor is stroking his own cock, up and down, up and down, and his own breathing speeds up. God she is hot he thinks, and wishes he was the one on the bench. He can feel his own orgasm building up with each jerk of her hips...jerk, and around they go, jerk, and around they go...burn baby burn...let it burn...oh god burn motherfucker burn.

Kate moans and groans, Ben's dick striking her deep. It is popping against her sweet spot inside of her when she moves from side to side, front to back, round and round.

"Ohhh yeahhh baby...this feels so fucking good...so fucking good," she pants. "I'm gonna cum...oh yeah I'm gonna cum."

Jerk, grind, jerk, grind, round and round, her wetness oozing from her hot snatch onto Ben's groin. Grind, grind, grind. She is moving quickly now and her back arched to allow complete and full entry. She glances at the man in the window and back down at Ben and realizes she will explode soon.

"Oh...oh...oh...oh...yeah...oh yeah," she squeals, her voice getting higher and higher, her entire body shivering as chill bumps cascade down the back of her head to her toes, the wave of pleasure building to its peak in her stomach.

The professor is chanting "burn...burn...burn...burn" as his own hips match hers, and he can almost feel her wrapping around him, her swollen lips closed down on his own cock.

Ben grunts as he slams his cock into her, slam, slam, slam. "Ohhh fuckkk me baby...oh goddamn fuck me, fuck me, yes, harder, oh yes, harder," as he continues to slam, slam, slam. Ben grabs her thighs as his hot cum squirts into her, and his orgasm comes in waves.

"OHHH," she screams as she feels Ben's hot liquid being pumped into her. That is all it took, his cum was bringing her to her peak, and she arches her back one final time and her toes curl as her pussy contracts in orgasm against his dick. The waves of her own orgasm make her stomach feel like it is coiling against him. She looks up one final time to see the professor thrust his hips forward and cum into his hand.

As he was trying to catch his breath, the professor thinks "how in the hell did I get so lucky?"