 I touched the disconnect button on my cell phone, rested the back of my head against the soft leather sofa, closed my eyes and laughed out loud. The conversation with my ex-college roommate, Meghan, had been hilarious. We had kept in touch over the years since college, both of us just having passed the 30-year old mark, but not nearly as much as during past year since Meghan's divorce from Jack.

Meghan lived in South Carolina and was coming to New York to stay with me for an entire week.

"We need to do some serious man-huntin'," she told me in that humorous southern drawl she could turn on or off in an instant. "You're needin' it worse than me, Annie," she had continued.

Maybe she had a point. I had warped into a the stereotypical career woman. Yeah, I'd dated Jim for almost three years, and I thought at one time we were becoming pretty serious, but then we started to drift our separate ways. I blamed him first, but hind-sight might tell me that my career was a big reason.

After putting my nose to the grindstone, I found myself on a fast lane toward the top. Well, not really upper management, but still it was management in the large corporate world. My apartment in upper Manhattan was to die for. I opened my eyes to look through the floor-to-ceiling windows which covered the entire width of my living room wall. The sun was slowly fading in the west, ending another Manhattan day. Soft shades of orange, red, and blue streaked behind the puffy white clouds above the city's towering skyline. I think I loved the view the most at night. I could see the city lights stretching endlessly into the darkness. Lights that twinkled or were motionless, lights that formed a steady stream from cars on freeways, lights that blinked a red or green warning on tall buildings. My apartment was on the 17th floor of a new high-rise. Beyond my windows was my private balcony that spanned the entire width of the glass. The sidewalls of the balcony were solid brick, allowing for privacy from my neighbors; a secure railing protected my hot-tub which constantly emitted steam into the cool, night air. My kitchen was open to the living room--of course solid granite and stainless abounded everywhere. My living room floor was black slate, and I had covered the area in front of my sofa with a soft, oriental tan rug. A matching black leather love-seat was positioned to the left of my sofa facing the kitchen. I had one bedroom with a king-size bed and en suite bathroom with a soaking tub and roomy, glassed-enclosed shower. The only other room was a small powder room, so the apartment was not huge, by hey, this is Manhattan.

Meghan originally told me that her plane would arrive around 5:00 P.M. She of course missed her flight, that was Meghan, and would now be coming in around 8:00. This was fine with me; I had taken off the entire week from work. Meghan was partially right, I did need this. I had just stepped out of the shower when Meghan called to tell me of her flight change. I was still in my robe, stretching lazily on the sofa with my feet touching the soft rug and my back resting against the supple leather. I noticed that my robe had fallen open below my stomach and that I was pretty much exposed to the world. Of course, no one could see into the room this time of day, but my modesty still dictated that I cover myself, so I did.

I arrived at the airport about a half hour before Meghan's plane was to land. Parking was not difficult to find and I easily worked my way through the terminal with time to spare. I spotted Meghan walking out of the tunnel as the passengers arrived. When she saw me, she threw her arms into the air and rushed toward me with a big smile and a huge hug, her long blonde hair flowing behind her. Her hair was as blonde as mine was black.

"It's so good to see you, sweetie!" she exclaimed.

"It's so good to see you too," I replied as I hugged her back.

Darkness had come before we left the terminal to find my car. The drive home was not long, we talked about everything and nothing all of the way. Well, mostly Meghan talked and I listened. It was as if we were still in college and the past ten years had changed nothing.

"I bought two bottles of Krug Champagne and stowed them away in my suitcase," she was saying. "We're going to have our own little party tonight. I've missed you so much. I can't believe you're the big executive now. Okay, enough work talk for us; this week is going to be no-work and all-fun for Annie and Meghan. So did you get us some man meat to carve out this week?" she continued with a huge grin.

"Tomorrow night," I laughed. "We're going to meet a couple of guys for an off-broadway play, after which the plan is to go out for dinner. I only know one of the guys, and I really don't know him very well. I hope I didn't make a mistake," I added cautiously.

"Honey, it can't be a mistake. We'll have fun even if these two aren't the right fit. I'm sure not opposed to looking elsewhere the next night," Meghan answered with enthusiasm.

Planning for the night's festivities, I had called Mark. Mark worked for the same company that I had before transferring to my new job last May. He was good looking and about my same age. I had never had a date with Mark, although I always felt he would have liked to explored this avenue. I was still dating Jim at the time and I was pretty sure that was the reason neither of us pursued our relationship. Mark did pay special attention to me and it was sort of flattering. With Meghan's big push to get something going, I decided to see if Mark might be available. I was pretty nervous making the call, but after we hung-up, I began to feel really good about the decision. Mark was so kind and willing, not desperate by any means. He was going to be a quite a catch for someone. Mark told me that he had a good friend named Todd who was not seeing anyone right now, and he was pretty sure that Todd would be available. So we sort of had a double date set up.

We arrived at my apartment with Meghan trailing her suitcase. I had emptied an extra drawer in my bedroom dresser for her to put her clothes. I really hadn't given much thought to sleeping arrangements. I decided that I would let Meghan sleep in my bed and I'd throw something over the sofa. I did notice that Meghan brought a lot of sexy evening tops and designer jeans, but I did not see any form of pajamas. 

Meghan kept the conversation going throughout the unpacking before stating, "I think it's time to pop the cork on the bubbly. What do you think?" she laughed.

"I think that's a great idea."

We walked to the kitchen where I promptly grabbed two Champagne flutes. Meghan stopped at the counter and began untwisting the wire and cork of the bottle. It popped loudly and started to spill a bit on the granite. We both giggled.

Meghan teased me even more when she saw the flutes. "Hey girl, we're going to drink tonight, not sip. You got something that holds more of what we need?"

I laughed in return and grabbed my Cabernet glasses. "How about these?"

"Wonderful!"

We lounged opposite each other on the cushy sofa, Champagne in hand, resting against the arms with our legs curled beneath us, recreating old times. The first bottle of Krug had disappeared and Meghan had already opened the second. I was feeling the effects. 

"I think that hot tub has been calling us Annie, what do you think?"

"Sounds fine to me." I hesitated, "I think I have a swim suit that will fit you just fine."

"Suit?" Meghan laughed. "I've never worn more than my birthday suit in a hot tub yet. Come on, let's get naked!"

I decided that the odds of us being seen were one-in-a-million. Someone in a complex across the street would have to be using a telescope and would have to have perfect timing. By now I had enough Champagne in me that I really didn't care anyway. And the idea of stripping and jumping in naked was appealing and a little naughty--just what I decided I needed.

"Wow Annie, you're wasting a Cadillac bod that someone needs to be drivin'," Meghan grinned as she watched me remove the last of my clothes. I blushed while sliding the glass door open. Meghan followed me to the hot tub, bottle and glass in hand.

We rested our necks on the edge of the tub, half-focused on the stars above and quietly sipped our wine. Life was good. The warm jets worked their magic as I purposely positioned myself to allow the pulsating stream a direct path between my legs.

"I love you Annie," Meghan whispered.

"I love you too," came automatically out of my mouth.

"Did you ever wonder what it would be like with another woman? I mean just for argument sake, no strings, that sort of thing?" Meghan asked.

"I guess I've never really thought about it," I cautiously replied as I opened my eyes.

Meghan moved toward me and asked, "Would you let me kiss you? I'm curious and you are the only one in the whole world that I would even want to try this with."

I felt a little shiver run through my spine as I pondered the question that Meghan presented. I suppose it would do no harm, not with Meghan. 

"I'm okay with seeing what it's like, just for curiosity sake," was my response.

Meghan moved next to me, removed the wine glass from my hand and placed it on the side of the tub. She touched her hands on either side of my cheeks, stared at me, and then moved her lips to mine. Her first kiss was soft and gentle. I thought that was going to be it. She pulled away only a few inches and looked into my eyes again before leaning forward for her second kiss. This time she parted her lips slightly and rolled her tongue across my lips. I found myself opening my mouth to her advances and our tongues touched as she moved her right hand to the back of my head to hold me steady for a much deeper kiss. Her tongue penetrated my mouth and I sucked it with abandoned. I wanted more and I could feel a tingling sensation rising and become fervent between my legs. I was returning her kisses with more of my own when I felt her soft touch against my right breast. My nipples hardened as she gently stroked back and forth. 

"Would you like to suck on my nipples?" I couldn't believe those words were coming out of my mouth, but they did.

The next thing I knew, Meghan was working her tongue down the bottom of my chin, onto my throat and finally down to my breasts that floated inches above the water line. I could see the water drip from her chin as she lapped first one breast then the other. My nipples were fully erect and the sensation of having them licked and tongued by another woman was almost more than I could stand. 

I felt an orgasm building between my legs, beneath the water, beneath Meghan as she straddled me and placed both her hands on my breasts, kissing me deeply.

Meghan started rubbing back and forth across my legs. At first I didn't realize what she was doing, and then I understood. Her legs were spread wide and her pussy was moving rhythmically over the lower part of my stomach. She was arching as best she could to line up her pussy as closely as possible with mine.

Finally she pulled back and whispered into my ear, "I think we need to go inside."

I was in total agreement. We grabbed the two terrycloth towels near the tub and dried ourselves hastily on the way to the bedroom. I got to the bed first and started to pull the coverlet down, but Meghan had other ideas. She grabbed my hips and turned me front-side up and pushed me to the center of the bed. Her hands separated my legs and she drove her mouth into my wet pussy. I arched my head back and almost screamed in sheer delight. Her soft tongue and lips made sparks flow between my pussy and my brain as I shuddered into a gigantic orgasm. I bucked hard against her mouth, wanting more as my hands caressed my breasts. Her hands started to slide up my waist and continued until they met mine. She guided my hands down my body, not stopping until they clutched her butt cheeks as she continued eating my pussy. She then licked the fingers on my right hand, looked up at me and guided the same fingers to the outside of my pussy. Pressing her tongue against my fingers, she urged them inside. I curled my two middle fingers and started working them in and out of my wet pussy. All the while, Meghan licked my juices from my fingers. I moved my left hand over my clitoris in a gentle sideway motion. My second orgasm came quickly and I stopped for a moment to rest. I realized the alcohol had had some effect, but I also knew what I was doing.

"Okay, now it's my turn," I told Meghan after I caught my breath. "I want to taste you. 

Meghan quickly obliged by moving to the center of the bed as I sat up. I first bent down to kiss her. I was now in charge. I kissed her deeply, pushing my entire tongue into her mouth. She took it gladly. I moved my hands to her breasts for the first time. They were full and soft. Her nipples sprang to life as I moved my fingers across them. My mouth was next. I circled my tongue around one nipple, then the next. At the same time, I ran my left hand down the flat of her stomach, stopping at her pussy. I plunged two fingers, then three, stretching her dripping wet slit. She arched her hips to the touch of my fingers and started bucking against them. Her moan was low and long as I continued sucking her breasts and working my fingers into her dripping pussy.

"Stop, stop!" she shouted, grabbing my wrist to hold my hand motionless. She shook beneath me holding, her breath though the entire orgasm. Her juices poured over my fingers. The scent of her sex was intoxicating. I wanted more.

I turned my head toward her pussy, wanting my first taste. Unexpectedly, I felt her hands moving my hips to straddle her upper body. She was moving me into the sixty-nine position and I gladly accepted. My tongue found its target and I started lapping her sweet juices. She was doing the same to me, creating shudders throughout my body. I found her clitoris and moved up, down, and sideways across it. She was doing the same to me. Two naked bodies moving as one. Two orgasms meeting together for the last time that night. We fell asleep in each other's arms. I guess the question of sleeping arrangements was not an issue. We would talk about this in the morning and we would both be okay with what happened, I was sure of that.

Our dates arrived right on time. We rode the elevator to the lobby and when the door opened, both men were standing near the front entrance. They turned toward us as they heard the beep of the elevator door. Mark was even better looking than I remembered and his friend Todd was nothing to sneeze about. Both were well dressed, clean shaven, and smelled of fresh aftershave. Both were very poised and confident as they came to greet us with broad smiles.

"Mark, it's so good to see you again."

"You too Annie -- it's been a while. What, maybe two or three years?"

"I'm sure that's right. Mark, this is my friend Meghan."

"Nice to meet you Meghan," Mark tipped his head slightly as he extended his hand. "This is my friend Todd," he continued.

Todd also nodded with a smile and extended his hand to both of us. The evening was starting out perfectly. The play was wonderful and the food and wine even better. Todd & Meghan hit if off instantly and I could tell they were attracted to each other. I was having good feelings about Mark. I wondered how I could have missed him before, obviously because of Jim. Throughout our conversation, we learned that both men dated on occasion, but neither was seeing anyone seriously. Meghan brought up Jack briefly, but it was a topic she preferred not to dwell on. Our waiter brought our braised salmon with all of the trimmings. We joked that we all decided to order the same dish. Mark chose the wine, a pleasant Sauvignon Blanc to go with the fish. It was not nearly as sweet as the Champagne Meghan & I enjoyed the night before. Mark probably chose a good night to not have to pay for a lot of drinks. Neither Meghan nor I felt much up to it.

Meghan wore a loose fitting wrap-around blouse that was fairly low cut, showing off a great deal of cleavage. I was pretty sure that Todd wasn't missing the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. Finally we decided to call it an evening with Mark driving us home. Meghan and Todd sat in the back seat on the way home and all four of us chatted until about the last ten minutes or so. It suddenly became quite in the back seat. I turned my head to look, certain that I was seeing the same thing that Mark was in his rear view mirror. I looked at Mark and giggled; he returned a smile. When Mark stopped the car in front of my apartment, I glanced back to see Todd and Meghan locked in a rather deep kiss. Meghan's leg was partially lapped sideways above Todd's thigh and I thought I caught a glimpse of Todd moving his hand over the front of Meghan's blouse, but I couldn't be sure.

Mark was quite the gentleman. After stopping, he walked around the front of the car and opened the door for me. Before I could exit, he stuck his head in and told Todd that we had arrived. He looked at me with a smile and wink before presenting his hand to help me from the car. Mark walked me to the lobby area as we somewhat awkwardly waited for Todd & Meghan.

Mark was still holding my hand as he spoke, "I had a really good time Annie. Do you think we could do this again sometime?"

Before I could answer, Meghan and Todd came storming through the front door.

"We're going out again tomorrow night, Annie," Meghan announced.

I looked at Mark and we both laughed. "How does tomorrow night sound to you," I asked Mark jokingly, then more seriously, I looked into his eyes and said, "I'd love to go out with you again."

He bent down and gave me a gentle kiss as he held my waist with both hands. The kiss was not opened mouth, but not entirely closed either. I don't know exactly what he did, but it sent shivers down my spine and made me weak-kneed. I felt like a school-girl all over again. Wow, could this guy ever kiss. Meghan & I watched them leave before heading back to the apartment. We slept together again that night in my bed. We were both nude beneath the covers, but we didn't touch, lost in our own pleasant dreams.

The next morning broke late for us; we were in no hurry to bounce out of bed. After a leisurely lunch we decided to start preparing for our dates with the guys. Mark had called earlier to see if a nightclub adventure sounded interesting. I thought it sounded great. They would arrive around 7:00 that evening.

By 3:00, we decided it was time to make ourselves presentable, or as Meghan stated, our "just-fucked look." We both giggled at that one as Meghan was clearly not unabashed. In fact she continued by letting me know that she was wanting, and expecting, some serious hard cock tonight. She also was hoping that she was not infringing upon my privacy and apartment, should she and Todd become intimate. I told her absolutely not; in fact I was hoping for the same. The image of two couples having sex in the same apartment at the same time seemed to make it even more erotic.

We decided that we could shower at the same time. She would wash my back and so forth. I noticed that Meghan shared many of the same body characteristics as I did. Both of us were ample in the breast department, not large but certainly not small. We both had well-proportioned waist and hips. Truly, we were just plan sexy. I laughed a bit at the thought.

Choosing what to wear is never an easy decision for two women to make. It's more of a "what are you going to wear?" juggling act. Finally we both decided something very sexy would be required. I put on a low-cut tank that had little sequins lining the "V" of the neck. It fit fairly snuggly, displaying the curves of my bra-less breasts. I knew if I became chilled or turned-on, my pokies would be very noticeable. Exactly the look I was going for. I tucked the bottom of the tank into a tight pair of designer jeans, finishing with a pair of black high-heels. As I approached the mirror, I pulled my hair away from my neck, extended my chest and was pretty satisfied with the look.
