 I was living in a two-bedroom house by myself, and enduring a rather boring life. I was single and spent most of my time working, riding my mountain bike, or hiking in the woods. Even though I kept up on all my bills, I still never seemed to have enough money to travel as much as I wanted to. I decided to get a roommate. I put an ad in the paper, but didn't have much luck as I lived out in a rural area, and most people were looking for something closer. 

I was bitching to my friend Jennifer one day about the whole situation, and she offered up some help. "I have this friend that is looking for a place to live around here. She doesn't like living in the city. Of course, I don't know how her boyfriend would feel about her living with another guy..."

"I would be willing to meet her and her boyfriend and explain to him that I just need some help with my rent. I have my dick handled, a lot. Why doesn't she just move in with him?"

"First of all, that's too much information; I don't need to know how often you jack off. Second, I don't think they are that serious. Maybe you could offer her a little something on the side." She winked at me.

"Fuck that, I have no interest in breaking people up. That is a shitty way to start a relationship."

"What relationship, I was just trying to get you laid."

I started laughing. "Oh well, her personal life is none of my business. As long as she is willing to pay her end of the rent and bills and stay out of my personal shit, she can live there." Jennifer said that she would give me a call when she got a hold of her friend and set up the meeting.

I spent the next couple days cleaning out the room and getting it ready in case this person was going to be moving in soon. I was wondering what she would be like, what she would look like. I couldn't tell if Jennifer was joking or not about getting me laid. Sometimes she could just be an asshole like that.

Jennifer finally called me a couple days later to let me know that her friend was on her way over. I was feeling a bit nervous about meeting a new person, what if she didn't like me, or what if her boyfriend didn't like me and said that she couldn't move in?

When I walked into the house, sitting on Jennifer's couch was a woman that made my heart skip a beat. She had soft brown eyes, and long flowing brunette hair that came to a rest on her perky C cup breasts. She was wearing a low cut short sleeved shirt that not only showed off her cleavage but also, cupped around her breasts emphasizing them even more. She also had on an ankle length, flowing, yellow summer dress and brown leather sandals. Jennifer introduced us, "John, this is Gina. Gina this is John."

We shook hands, but then it hit me, there was no other guy in the room. I asked her if we were waiting for her boyfriend to join us. "I broke up with him," she replied, her tone confident, "he was really kind of a selfish asshole. I didn't like that about him." 

"Sorry, I was just being nosey."

"That's ok, don't worry about it. Tell me about this house, I am very interested in it."

We hit it off quite well, as we talked for almost two hours, then I asked if she would just like to see it. She rode there with me, and I gave her the grand tour, ending at the empty room. I asked her what she thought of it, and she asked when she could move in. "Whenever would be fine with me."

The next day Gina showed up with a pickup truck full of stuff. She wasn't joking when she said that she was ready to move right away. I didn't put up much of a fight with helping her move her stuff because she had on a pair of cutoff jeans that hugged her shapely ass and a low cut shirt that was showing off her cleavage again. I caught a couple of glances as she was bent over, and she wasn't wearing a bra. I had a hard time keeping my hard on down, and knew that there was going to be a lot of cold showers in my future.

After her room was set up, I ordered a pizza and she ran down to the store to pick up some beer. While she was gone, I called Jennifer. "I don't know whether I love you or hate you right now. Gina is so fucking hot, but I know that she wouldn't fuck me with a stolen pussy. She is a lot of fun to hang out with though."

"Yeah, she is pretty cool, isn't she? I thought you would like her tits. She really is a fun person to be around and I thought that your personalities were a good match. At least you will always have someone to fantasize about when you are jacking off."

"I will definitely be doing that tonight. I am going to go now, since she will be back soon. We are having pizza and beer, then she is going to go into her room, I will go into mine and empty my nuts."

I hung up the phone just as the pizza guy pulled into the driveway. Gina got back soon after and we sat in the living room eating our pizza, and talking. I kept stealing glances at her beautiful tits, as they would rise and fall with every breath she took. The more I looked at them, the more I wanted to touch them. The more I wanted to touch them, the more I felt a stirring in my pants, so I distracted myself by talking about the business of the bills, rent, and handed her a copy of the key. I also told her that I kept all my movies in my room, where my TV was, and that she was welcome to borrow any movie that she wanted to, as long as she put them back when she was done. 

Gina thanked me for everything, and excused herself to go to bed. My balls were aching so badly from getting a hard-on and not being able to relieve myself, that I headed straight to my room to open the valve. I felt a little weird at first, masturbating with a stranger in the house, but I needed to because it was so bad that it hurt. There was so much blood being shoved into my dick that I was starting to get light headed. I got undressed and sat on the edge of the bed. I didn't need any help from a movie or a magazine; I just fantasized about Gina wrapping her hands around my cock. The thought of that almost made me blow my load, but I wanted to save it for a little while.

An old girlfriend had measured it one time when it was almost as hard as this, and it was standing at eight and a half inches. This one felt like it was pushing nine. Just before I started stroking, I thought to myself, "What a waste that I am the only one that gets to experience this beautiful hard-on. Oh well." I closed my eyes and started sliding my hand up and down the swollen shaft. I was trying to be quiet, as I didn't want my brand new roommate to know that her first night here I was fantasizing about fucking her really hard doggie style. I was in mid-down stroke when I suddenly heard, "Oh my God!! I am so sorry John!"

My eyes popped open and there was Gina standing there, her eyes as big as dinner plates and her mouth agape. I felt the heat rush through me as I turned red at being caught and started grabbing for whatever I could to cover up my still swollen cock. I was so embarrassed, and I couldn't think of anything to say, but the sight of her standing there was making my hard-on even more persistent. She had a white cotton tank top and a pair of pink, thin cotton shorts that clung to every curve and line of her body. I looked up at her face, and I could see her eyes keep darting down, glancing at my crotch. Then her nipples started to harden and press against her shirt. Then I noticed that her eyes weren't leaving my dick anymore. 

Without looking up she said, "Wow that looks painful. Does it hurt to be that hard?" I looked down and it had turned purple from the pressure.

"Yes, it hurts like hell, and if I don't take care of it soon, I'm afraid it's going to explode." She looked at me for just a second, then kneeled down in front of me and wrapped her soft warm hands around my dick and started stroking it slowly and gently. At this point, it was all I could do to keep from shooting my load right on her. I told her that I didn't want to make a mess on her or possibly put her eye out. Gina leaned her head forward and started to lick the head of my dick. Then the head disappeared into her mouth, then she started to bob her head up and down and with each downward thrust, more and more of my cock would disappear. Soon her lips were against the base of my shaft when the most amazing thing happened. With my cock buried deep in her throat, her tongue came out and started massaging my balls. I couldn't hold on any longer. I don't know if I whispered it, or if I screamed it, but I said, "I'm gonna c-", but before I could even finish the sentence, she had her tongue back in her mouth, and her hand cradling my balls. I started cumming in the back of her throat and she started swallowing. It felt as though her throat was pulling the cum out of me gallons at a time. After she had finished milking all the cum out of my balls, she slowly pulled my dick out of her mouth and licked the tip clean. I leaned back on my elbows exhausted but ready for more. I wanted to do an all night fuck-a-thon with this beautiful woman.

When she stood up, her nipples were hard as rocks and the front of her pink shorts were darkened from the wetness of her pussy. All I could think of was burying my face in that wonderful wetness and making her cum so hard that she screamed.

Gina climbed onto the bed, straddling my hardening cock and started to grind her muff against me. I cupped one of her perfect tits in each of my hands as she pressed her lips hard against mine and shoved her tongue deep in my mouth. I whispered in her ear that I wanted to shove my tongue in her pussy and make her squirm.

She rolled off me and onto her back, shedding her shirt in the process. I climbed between her legs and started grinding my cock against her pussy and sucking on her nipples. She was pushing her pussy hard against my cock telling me how badly she wanted me inside of her. I was more than willing to oblige her, but first I wanted to taste her. I kissed my way down her belly, licking her belly button and continuing on. I looked at her pussy, still hiding halfway behind her shorts, as one of her lips was peeking out from our grinding session. I started licking her freshly shaved pussy lip and pushing her shorts over with my tongue at the same time. I bit onto her lip, played with her clit, and shoved my tongue deep into her hole. Her hips thrust forward and she moaned loud and I could feel her pussy muscles contracting as she had an orgasm on my face.

She tugged on my head, and I came up face to face with her. She looked me in the eye and said,"Bury your cock deep inside me. I want you to fuck me so hard I scream." I pulled her shorts down her legs, and could feel the smoothness of her flesh all the way to her ankles. I threw them somewhere behind me, and climbed into position. As soon as I was close enough to her pussy, she grabbed my dick and started guiding it to her pussy, sticking the head in her hole. I pushed forward gently, but she thrust her hips up hard and impaled herself on my cock. In one thrust she took all eight and a half inches. It felt so good that my arms gave out and I fell on top of her onto the bed. I started thrusting against her so hard that it hurt my hips. Her pussy was so hot and wet that I didn't know how long I was going to last. Just then Gina looked at me and said, "I want to be on top."

We rolled over without even pulling apart and she started riding my cock slow at first, then started going faster. I could feel my nuts tightening up, and I think that she felt it too, as she leaned forward and told me in a husky whisper, "I want to feel your cum shooting deep inside me. I love the feeling of a man's hot cum filling me up."

Gina sat back upright and reached behind her. I was wondering what she was doing when I suddenly felt her hand on my balls massaging them. The soft flesh of her hand on my balls and the soft wet flesh of her pussy wrapped around my cock were too much to bear. Just then, I felt her pussy muscles start contracting around my cock as she started a huge orgasm. She slammed her hips down, swallowing the entire length of my cock with her pussy, and then just started rocking her hips back and forth. I grabbed her around her lower back and held her down as I started shooting a huge load of cum deep inside her. She stayed on top of me until I had finally gone limp inside of her. Then she rolled off of me and crawled into my bed with me saying, "Just in case you get anymore wild, uncontrollable hard-ons tonight."