 Claimer: Hey guys and girls. This is my first time writing and I greatly appreciate the support. Also, English is my second language so please forgive me if there are any linguistic abnormalities. I will try to update this series as often as possible and as long as I can. The story is, of course, entirely made up, and if there is any degree of similarity to events in real life it would be sheer coincidence. 

***** 

So where do I start about Niena? 

To talk about our history, it would be something like a cheesy high school style novel. So, I will spare my dear readers the pain of details and summarize the situation up till now. 

I met her in law school and we were class mates throughout the years. I still remember the first time I saw her. It was a summer afternoon, in the orientation program of the law school. She just came by casually and introduced herself "Hi I am Niena." and shook my hand, with a big earnest smile on her face, seemingly telling you that there is no one else she would rather talk to, and no place else she would rather be. 

My first impression was that she was a typical Slavic beauty (she told me later that she has Balkan origins), like those in Repin or Bryullov's painting. She is a short girl, about 165 tops, with hair the color of ocher running down like waterfall down to her shoulders. She has a brownish eye, the color of condensed caramel, with amazingly long eyelashes. Her skin is white and smooth like alabaster. This skin caused me to have a habit which remains until today, which is to rub my face against her neck and shoulder any time I am tired or stressed. She has a chin which is sharp compared to her cheek bones, making her face visually reminiscent of a berry or hazelnut. 

"Hey I am Rudolph Chang, Rudie for short." I smiled and shook her hand back. 

"The pleasure is mine. So, you are international students like me?" She asked nonchalantly, a glass of wine in her hand. 

"Yes, but I did spend a lot of time here before." I answered "So, yeah, hot day, isn't it?" 

My inner self is laughing out so much. Seriously? Was I talking to this beautiful girl in front about weather? 

She chuckled a bit, obviously noticing the weirdness of the conversation direction, but answered "Yeah I guess. I mean in Balkan the summer is probably hotter." 

Thus began the weirdest conversation I had with girls for a long time. I was, for some reasons, a bit nervous, and just desperately tried to keep the conversation going. So I spoke whatever topic that spurred into my mind. For the next half hour, we (mostly me) talked about wine, Danube River, First Turkish-Serbian war, NATO and separationist movement in Balkan and Asia. Years later when we spoke of this event I insisted that it was the start of flirtation, she stated that it was like being on a slightly informal thesis defense session. 

Well there are reasons to be attributed to. As dear readers must have noticed, I am of Asian origin, a whole continent where sex is taboo and discretion is a highly sought after virtue, thus making flirting all but a lost art to us. Having spent considerable time abroad however, I am much more open than my cultural comrades, and I am comfortable around girls. I am 182, and 75kg, quite tall for an Asian, and all years of passion with basketball and soccer left me reasonably well built. I am not the type of guy that makes a girl want to drop her pants like an anchor, but I do quite ok with ladies. Ergo I concluded that it was Niena who made me behave like an idiot that afternoon. That women was something different. 

Going back to our conversation earlier, while we have talked for half an hour, and had two glasses of wine each, we were both happily tipsy. This is the moment when Niena's eyes rested on a small trampoline in the school garden. 

"Ohhhhhh a trampoline!" she screamed. "Hold my glass." 

Before I knew it, I had an extra glass in my hand, her coat in my fore arm and she is kicking off her shoes as she walks to the trampoline on the glass and shouting "ohhh I always loved those things. They are so liberating, don't you think?" 

As she climbed in and started to jump up and down, giggling with a laughter that reminded me of a silver Christmas bell, I cannot help but to admire her flying body on the trampoline. For a petit girl, she is extremely voluptuous, with a soft and curvy body. Her ass is extremely firm. In fact, it is so firm that with her tight jeans, a subtle gap manifested between the cheeks that reminded me of a peach. She was wearing a flowery silk dress that flies up and down like the wings of butterfly. When the dress flies up I can see her ab which has a slight Adonis belt running through it. Moreover, I saw a red shade flashing by which I can only assume is the bra. 

"Hey girl, that is not jumping." I teased her. "Come on jump higher, is that the best you can do?" 

She complied gladly, and as she jumped higher I finally got a chance to assess her breasts. They were not huge, my guess is B+ tops, but fit a petit girl like her perfectly. They seem very perky and jumpy. As she jumped up and down they were almost struggling to fly out of her collar, forming a deep cleavage whilst doing so. 

While I was drowning in my own thoughts and fantasies, she finally climbed down the trampoline, panting slightly, a flush forming on her cheeks and her front chest. I did not realize it until she took her wine glass out of my hands. 

"Well well, somebody had a good show to watch, didn't he?" she smiled a devilish smile, teasing me. I was a bit embarrassed, but as a matter of fact, I had a semi-erection ongoing, and I wish I had not worn my tight suit paints that day. I hope for my own sake that she did not notice that (later she told me she did), and if she did, please do not let her think of me as a creep (she did not, au contraire she thought it was quite cute). 

My dear readers, by now we were both tipsy, she flashed her boobs at me already and I have got a boner to work on. In the usual line of this type of story I would be doing her hot and heavy in the bathroom by now, which actually would have made my life a lot easier. 

But God apparently said "Hell No!" 

For a whole year, we remained friends, and we have always been best friends. We told each other secrets, we shared our histories, as we got closer and chummier we start to kiss regularly, when I was drunk I even groped her ass and boob. There was even one occasion when we both got drunk and she reached into my pant and fondled my penis, however it ended there as we were both terminally intoxicated. We both laughed about it the next morning, and I was thankful that it never became an issue or source of embarrassment. 

Otherwise there has been no progress. We are just friends even though we were inseparable. The whole world saw us as a couple and everyone except our closest friends thought we were dating. I never quite knew my feelings towards Melina. Was it friendship, comradery, sexual or love? Who knows and it is too hard to figure it out. That being said, I do feel a strange feeling when she was dating other guys throughout law school. That feeling, as I would later come to realize, was jealousy raising its ugly head. Yet I continue to persuade myself that all was OK, that I was not, in fact, mayor of the friendzone. 

Law school finished sooner than I thought and the long anxious process of job searching is finally upon us. Due to sheer luck or act of God we ended up working in the same city in two of the best law firms there is. Quite naturally we became roommates. There was not even a formal discussion. In retrospect, it seemed to just make sense, just taken for granted, that we would stick together. We found a good apartment near the center of the city at an amazingly reasonable price. Even our thesis professor congratulated us that we were "building our castle". Many of our classmates also sent their regards. To them this is just a college couple moving in together. Everything seems to be fine. 

Only I knew the downside of living together with Niena. From outside it looks great. I was living with a cute girl that I like. We got so used to each other that she never dresses so fully in front of me. If she caught me stare at her breast or ass she would just chuckle, and sometimes even shake them to me in a jokingly provocative way. However, I remain "the friend", and she had a constant parade of guys around her. None of this guys were serious relationships, yet they continue to be around, like the flies around a gourmet meal. 

In the incident that I am to describe now, she was dating this guy named Klaas--what kind of name is Klaas, anyway. She seems happy with him, and his name is constantly on her lips. I, as the friend, once again have to do the thing that I do best--smile nonchalantly, ask few polite questions and the half-hearted "well I am glad you are happy.". It is obvious that I like her, and she is fully aware of that. However, there is always someone in the way, and I was always the guy who got chosen over. It is the suckiest feeling in the world perhaps. 

Then came one fateful evening. It was Sunday evening, I was at home, flipping through some big old legal archives in preparation for my bar exam. Niena was supposed to be seeing Klaas (Stupid Klaas~) for a date. It was eight o'clock and I was lost in the Convention of International Sales of Goods, when I suddenly heard the key in the door. I looked at the watch in bewilderment. This was way too early for a date. 

Niena stormed in, her pale face red with emotion. The redness stretched from her cheek to her neck to her collar bone. It was like a trail of wild berries buried shallowly in the snow. 

"So?" I asked cautiously "Good date?" 

"Does this look like the face of someone who had a good date?" she snapped at me, rolling her eyes. "The jerk stood me up." 

"oh?" I asked, trying really hard to hide a smile "how awful. why?" 

"He texted me that he got lost in a forest! In a freaking forest! What is he, Robin Hood or Tarzan? Who goes to a bloody forest right before a date?" Her questions fired like Gatling guns." Well if he does not care, then screw him! I am not waiting at his house for this forest man!" 

"Oh no you should not." I mused, gently leading her emotions. "Forest man sucks." 

She was going on and on, saying that she was definitely breaking up with him and listing all his other transgressions. I have known her long enough not to stop her and let her emotions run its course. 

When she was finally done, she slumped into the sofa, put up her knee and flung her elbows around it, sunken into a sullen silence. 

I sat next to her, put my arm around her shoulder, and hug her until her head is on my shoulder. "Darling, we both know you are way too good for that guy." I murmured. 

"No I am stupid and always choose guys like that." she mumbled with a blurred voice, on the verge of tears. 

"No, you are not." I sat up and cupped her face so that she is looking me directly in the eye "You are the smartest and most beautiful girl on God's green Earth." 

She smiled, her big brown eyes have bits of tears in them "You really think that don't you?" 

Before I can answer she leaned in and we kissed, gently at first, just lips brushing. Then it got more intense, her tongue found its way into my mouth, and I returned the favor. It was like two snakes in a courtship ritual, coiled together in endless bliss. My hand was at her waist level, and moved up to her chest level when encouraged by her tongue movement. Her body is warm and moist. When I grazed across her belly I could feel her abs trembling gently beneath my touch. 

I reached behind her back, running my fingers all the way up her spine, sending a shiver in her body. I threw discretion to the wind and went for the bra. It took me a few seconds to unhook her bra and lift up her shirt. 

I still remembered the first time I saw her breast. They are not enormous, but perfectly shaped and extremely perky. The moment the bra came off, they literally bounced from her bra and shot up in the air. Her nipple has a pinkish brown tone in it, sharp contrast to her white chest skin, and she has quite big areola for her boob size. 

I have been waiting for a moment like this for years, and I do not need to be told what to do in this situation. I laid her down on my knee so that she is using my legs as pillows and then bent down. With one hand cupping and cupping her left breast, I gently sucked the nipple of the right breast into my mouth. 

I could feel her body tense up under me. Gently I rocked her nipple between my teeth and my tone, and circled the tip of my tone around her nipples. Niena made a squealing noise and arched her back, throwing her chest out to stick her nipple deeper into my mouth. 

I switched my mouth to her other nipple. Her breast feels soft yet perky under my hand. I don't know if it is due to excitement or coldness, but her bosoms are trembling under my hand and mouth, like a bowlful of jelly. 

My hand slid across her belly and reached for the button of her jeans. All of a sudden, her hand clamped around mine, firmly stopping any further advances. 

"No, not tonight." She gasped, blushing furiously and slightly out of breath. "I am on my period." 

Disappointment washed over me like a tidal wave. There is already a huge bulge between my legs and she must have felt it, laying her head on my leg while I sucked on her tits. With a topless beauty lying on your leg, yet unable to progress further down, this is a major boner kill for most of the guys in the world. 

My disappointment must have been obvious, for Niena chuckled and caressed my face "aww babe, you have the face of a pug whose bone is taken away." 

"well I don't know about bones. But my boner is slipping away." I sighed loudly. 

Niena sat up from my legs and then stood up, leaving me sitting on the kitchen sofa, her alluring top still showing. She looked down at me, cupping and rubbing her breast in the most seductive way possible. 

"well your soldier is not off duty yet." She smiled a wicked smile, "It is not like I just have one place to make it happy." 

With that said, she knelt down in front of the couch between my legs, and started unbuttoning my trousers. 

It is not long before my penis was free from its denim prison. As an Asian I was always a bit sensitive about my genital girth. We can joke all we want, but biologically the Caucasians are at an advantage. While in Asian I am well endowed, here I would just be average, and always had to make up with perseverance and techniques. To my relief, Niena seems to like what she saw. 

"Oh, my good little soldier." She teased me, gently blowing air on the tip of my penis. "Time to salute the officer." 

She had one hand on my penis, the other caressing my balls, and gave me a kiss on the tip. She is still wearing the lipsticks she was wearing for the date, leaving a purple hickey on the tip. She looked up at me seductively from between my legs. 

"Let's have some fun tonight." 

I do not need her telling me, I was thrusting my penis as forward as possible, trying to pushing through her beautiful lips and into her mouth, but she leaned back. 

"No rush, babe, no rush" she cooed me gently "We have all the time in the world, and I want to do this right." 

She then circled her left thumb and index finger into a ring around the base of my scrotum, with the right thumb and index finger into a ring around my penis shaft and started to move gently up and down. 

Her tongue was tingling me on my balls, playing and tossing them around, occasionally sucking them in her hot and moist mouth. Sometimes she would reach down to the base of my scrotum, licking all the way from that sensitive skin between scrotum and ass all the way to the base of my shaft. Her right hand did not go idle, doing long strokes to my penis from the base to the tip, and then all the way done, and then repeat. 

Very soon I am fully erect, and a few drops of precum is forming at the tip of my penis. Niena seems very pleased at her work. 

"Mmmmm" she murmured as she licked the precum from my tip "creamy. I want more. Stand up for me." She clapped me on my ass. 

I stood up from the couch. She is now kneeling between my legs, her hand grabbing the behind of my knees, a wicked smile in her brown eyes. It was the most amazing picture ever. 

"You always took such good care of me, Rudie." she whispered "Time to return the favor. Let it go babe, let it all go." 

She closed her blessed lip around my penis, and started to move up and down. My hand closed around her head, controlling the speed and depth. Her tongue is caressing the ridge between my tip and my shaft like a butter fly, exploring every nooks and crannies. It was warm, soft, and slippery, and the tingly feeling of her tongue made me hard as iron. 

One of her hands reached up to toss my balls around, the other reached between my legs, gently massaging the prostate area from the outside. My lower body is one fire with sensations. Her tongue gently wraps around my penis like a siren hugging the sailor before it drugs him down. The tip of my penis can occasionally touch the back of her throat, the soft flesh making me jumpy. Her saliva runs from my shaft to the base to the balls and even dropped on the floor. There is no better lube in the world. 

In about 10 minutes there was silence in the kitchen, just the gentle sounds of sucking and saliva gushing. Gradually I came so close around the edge I started to moan gently. Niena took notice of that. Her sucking power increased, creating a vacuum in her mouth so strong that it is visible from her cheeks, and her frequency accelerated abruptly. It feels like she is milking me. 

Then I exploded. 

I tried to shout her name, but words got caught in my throat. I feel gushes after gushes of sperm shooting out of my tip. The orgasm was so strong that I almost jumped and had trouble sitting still. The amount of my cum surprised Niena, but she did not let go of my penis. For about 20 seconds I unloaded like a fire hydrant. My toes curled and bit into the carpet of the kitchen. Even after I finished shooting, my penis still spasms furiously and the waves of pleasure keeps coming. Niena's tongue and lips flickered encouragingly, as if telling me to spread every drop. 

When I have finally finished cumming and laid back, Milena leaned in close to me, opened up her mouth and showed me the almost overflowing sperm. She then closed her mouth and swallowed them in one gup. 

"Mmmmm" She mused "Taste like corn cream soup. Think I will skip starters tonight." 

I pulled her close and gave her a deep kiss, our tongues dangling together. I could still taste myself within her. 

"If this is what your mouth feels like, your pussy is going to kill me." I said. 

"Oh you" She laughed, hitting me in the chest with her tiny fist. "Don't you dare die on me my little solder. I am not close to be finished with you yet." 

"Yes ma'am." I smiled." Neither am I."