 It had been two week since George's last encounter with Sam. Every time he hoped to catch her alone he found her and Jenny laughing and talking like old friends. Jenny was as excited as George to have this young girl around – though only George knew why. He had begun to wonder if the moment the two of them had shared, watching his favorite porn and her sucking him off, had been all in his imagination. Life had settled back down and George felt more like a landlord every day. Today he was tasked with fixing the running toilet in Sam's room. He walked into her room, his mind on the image of his cock in her mouth, and almost missed an equally riveting sight – Sam standing in the smallest of towels, breasts aching to be loosed and pert ass cheeks barely covered.

"Oh," stammered George, "I thought you left for school with Jenny...I can do this tomorrow – "

"Don't be silly," Sam said with her characteristic broad smile, "I was just about to jump in the shower, so I won't be in your way."

Without another word she spun around and entered the bathroom. A split second later her towel was thrown through the doorway and the water started to run in the shower. George hesitated, then cursed himself silently for hesitating and practically ran into the bathroom.

"Maybe I did imagine that sucking," he thought to himself when he realized that Sam indeed was just taking a shower and wasn't trying to lure him in to follow her. George could not view Sam through the frosted glass of the shower door unless he went out of his way, so he steadied himself and started to fix the toilet. The job only took a few minutes and he was packing up his tools, about to leave, when he heard a gasp and a thud from the shower.

"Are you all right?" he asked, talking loudly over the sound of the water and coming to the shower door.

"Yeah, I suppose," replied Sam, sounding out of breath. George could see through the glass that she was sitting on the seat in the shower and reaching down to retrieve something.

"Okay, well, if you're okay, I'm done here and I'll be heading back upstairs – "

"Well, if you're not too busy, could you look at something in here for a second? I think the water pressure is too high or something..." Sam trailed off, a note of pleading in her voice.

George hesitated what must have been a second too long because Sam sensed he was uneasy and quickly said, "Oh, you can check it out later, I'll make due."

"No!" George nearly yelled, clearly too eager, then covered quickly by saying in a casual voice, "I'll be busy later today so this is the only chance I'll have." And with that he boldly slid the shower door aside.

The sight that greeted him could only be described as magnificent. Seated in the shower, Sam had half of a six inch dildo inside her pussy, her other hand pinching the most perfect nipple George had every seen. He would never deny his wife Jenny was not sexy – her long legs being her strongest point, her heavy breasts and large, dark nipples always got him going too – but Sam was something else. Her breasts must have been around a 36D, something almost obscene on such a small frame. She had smaller areola and bright pink nipples, one of which she was pinching at the moment. There was no sign of sagging at all – not surprising considering she had turned 18 the previous month, but still something to be said for someone with humongous breasts.

Shaking his head to try and straighten out his thoughts, George remembered something vaguely about water pressure. "You were saying,...water pressure..." he mumbled, his eyes taking in everything from her shaved pussy, her protruding clit, to her perky tits. 

"That is the only way I can explain it," she said. "Never before have I had a problem holding onto my dildo but here it seems like the water always makes me drop it. I haven't had a good fuck for a while and now this...I can't seem to get lucky!" She smiled that smile again, and George could feel his cock stir in his pants.

"I don't think it is the pressure," he started to say, not sure what he could do to help but knowing he had to do something to pay this gorgeous girl back for the most intense orgasm of his life.

"Well, if you can't fix that, maybe your strong hands would have a better time holding onto this than mine."

Not needing any more instruction, George knelt down and took the dildo into his hand. He slowly slid it all the way into Sam, feeling resistance all the way.

"Mmmmmmm," she moaned softly, arching her back and using her now unoccupied hand to rub her clit. "That really hits the spot..."

Slowly bring the dildo back out, George guessed that her pussy had to be the tightest he had ever seen. Sam rubbed her clit with her middle finger, teasing it slowly with little circles, while her other hand was groping her right breast. George almost forgot his task as he watched her pleasure herself, but remembered in time to start sliding the life like cock back inside this 18 year old's tight pussy.

"Oh my god, George, my cunt thanks you," Sam whispered, eyes closing as she smiled and inhaled deeply. George could tell by the increased urgency with which she was rubbing her clit that she was indeed enjoying this. He knew, though, that he could make it even better.

Slowly lowering his head, so as not to clue Sam in to his plan, George got closer and closer to the object of his desire. As his face got nearer, he could see that Sam's pussy was freshly shaven and smooth as any he had laid eyes on – porn, magazine, and certainly in real life. He also caught a smell of something intoxicating, different and softer than Jenny's smell, and that made him want to do this even more.

In one motion, George pushed the dildo completely into Sam's tight pussy and lowered his mouth onto her clit. "Ohhhhh!" she screamed in a guttural moan as George tongue flicked her hard clit. George pulled the dildo out all the way, replacing it with his tongue.

"Hot fucking damn," Sam said, almost to herself, as George started to fuck her with his tongue. He started to use one thumb to rub her clit while the other hand reached up to feel her pert young breasts. More than a handful, even for his large hands, George kneaded and tweaked Sam's nipples as his long tongue plunged in and out of her tasty pussy. As George rubbed more on her clit, Sam grabbed him by the hair and pushed his face harder between her legs.

"Don't stop, you son of a bitch," Sam breathed through gritted teeth.

George smiled – or the closest thing to a smile he could do what with his tongue firmly inside an 18 year old cunt – and grabbed Sam's ass, pulling her pussy closer to him. He started to feast on her sweet pussy, licking and tonguing and probing and flicking and nibbling with reckless abandon. Sam could not form words at this point, only able to utter "Ohhhh" and "Mmmmm" and "Grrrrrrrr" between deep inhales of breath. Suddenly Sam went rigid, pulled George by the hair hard into her pussy, and screamed "FUCKKKKK!" so loud he was sure the neighbors could here. No matter – he forgot about the neighbors, his job, even his wife as Sam's pussy contracted around his tongue. He could feel her juices freely flowing down his chin and he snaked his tongue out to lap up every ounce he could reach.

After staying in this position – Sam with a handful of George's hair still in her hands, George with a mouthful of Sam's pussy still in his mouth – Sam finally sat up straighter and grabbed her sponge.

"Thanks for helping out, George," she said with a smile as she started to later up her breasts. "I'll try not to bother you next time I keep dropping something."

"Anytime – and it wasn't a bother," George managed to say, standing up and wondering what would happen next.

"See ya!" said Sam, and he got his answer as she slid the shower door shut.

What would happen next? Nothing. And even standing here, separated from a naked girl only by a frosted piece of glass, George was already beginning to think his time with Sam was nothing more than a result of an overactive imagination.

Shaking his head, he walked out of the bathroom.