 "So what the hell are we going to do now?" Marc asked as he slumped into the sofa, his fourth and fifth beer of the evening carefully balanced in his hands. He always brought a backup because at the rate he drank them the spare never had a chance to get cold.

The issue he was referring to was our roommate situation. Jason, our third roommate in the last two years was moving out to live with his girlfriend. That in and of itself was not a huge issue but it was starting to become a trend, guy's splitting to greener pastures. Now the rent was up to the two of us. Again. "I don't know just yet. Can you handle a month? Maybe two?"

Marc slammed back beer number four. "Yeah. Probably. But after that things could get tight." I nodded in agreement. It wouldn't be that tough for me, hell I could rent the place all to myself and have plenty to spare but Marc didn't need to know the particulars of my finances even if he was my best friend. "What about Ana?" He asked. 

Ana was my current girlfriend, and while things were progressing nicely and she stayed three out of seven nights a week at my place, we were not ready at all for the living together thing. She had her space and I mine. The relationship worked better that way. "No way. She's not ready for that step, and honestly neither am I. But listen, I'll put out some feelers with people at work, maybe something will come up." He nodded, sipped some of beer five and agreed to do the same.

THREE DAYS LATER

Marc was in his usual spot on the sofa, beer number seven in his hand. I knew this from the six empty ones on the end table. A hockey game was on the big screen. I dropped my stuff and sat in my easy chair. "Good news. I think I found us a roommate." He perked up. "Excellent. Who?"

Knowing Marc's feeling's about bachelor pads and guys living with guys or just their girlfriends, I was wondering how he would react. I steeled myself and drove forward. "Her name is Tabitha. She works in the front office. She's ready to move out of her parent's house and needs a place."

Marc almost sputtered on his beer. "Tabitha? A she? Parent's place? How old is this girl?" He fired off the questions in rapid fire bursts. I tried to placate him. "She's 21 and just finished her AA at the JUCO and wants to get out on her own. She's responsible and I know what she makes, she can afford the one-third share." I knew what the next question would be so I replied before he could ask. "She's about 5' 2", long blonde hair, in decent shape, she played softball. Part-time boyfriend, nothing serious. I laid the law on her about that one." Being guys we knew what happened when a female roommate had a serious boyfriend. They were always over, eating your food, drinking your beer, wanting to be your best buddy, being jealous, and being a pain in the ass. We knew because there were times we were that guy. "She said she can come over tomorrow if you want to meet her." He nodded and agreed.

THE NEXT NIGHT

The knock came at the door and I opened it. There stood Tabitha, all smiles, wearing what she had on at work earlier a nice skirt and blouse, her cute legs showing from mid thigh down. Her mother was standing there with her. I glanced back and sighed, glad Marc had cleaned up all his dead beers. I extended my hand. "Hello, I'm Dan, I work with Tabitha." Her mother's hand was warm and firm in mine. She smiled and seemed pleasant. I let them in.

Marc stood in the entry to the kitchen/game room area looking respectable. "And this is Marc, the other roommate. Marc this is Tabitha and her mother." Marc came forward and shook hands. After some small talk I guided them towards the stairs and to where Tabitha's room would be. As they went ahead Marc grinned. He liked her. What wasn't to like. She had a cute smile, sparkling blue eyes and a great figure. She would add a nice touch to our living arrangements. Neither of us contemplated anything other than a platonic roommate situation as we were both already seeing people.

Our house was unique in its design. There were two bedrooms upstairs plus the master suite that was my room. One of those two was small and I used it as an office, the other, Tabitha's potential room was very large nearly 16' x 25' with three large windows looking out over the mountains. The other large bedroom, and Marc's room, was downstairs. These large rooms and their separation allowed for a great deal of privacy from the others in the house. The only drawback would be for Tabitha, she would have to go across the short landing/hallway to her bathroom.

She loved the place. Her mother was sufficiently charmed by Marc and me and was happy to have her daughter live with two gentlemen who actually kept the house looking clean. (She did not go into Marc's room). Tabitha would move in next weekend and little did I realize my living situation would change because of it.

TWO WEEKS LATER

"She's cute," Ana said. She was peering over the railing from the second floor landing down to the living room. "Hmmm?" I asked, engrossed in some financial reports.

"The new roomie," Ana replied as she turned back into my office.

"Oh you mean Tabitha. Sure I guess so," I looked up, "But not as hot as you babe," a wicked smile on my face.

"Oh really?" Ana asked, as she came into the room and pulled her blouse open revealing her lovely firm breasts.

I reached out and caressed them, pulling her closer to me. "Really." We kissed deeply, her tongue dancing over mine.

Her hand went to my lap and started rubbing my cock through my loose gym shorts. I started to get up from the chair. She pushed me back into it. "Babe," I said, "let's go into my room."

She didn't say a word, just kept fishing into my shorts, pulling them over my hardening cock. "Babe," I insisted, "the door's open to this office and it faces the stair..." My sentence and thought cut off as her lips passed over the head of my cock. I groaned and adjusted my position and watched my lovely girlfriend suck my cock.

Ana had a thing for my cock there was no doubt about it. As she sucked and licked I thought back to our first night together. 

We had been friends for years, never having anything other than a platonic relationship. We were close, sharing things about lovers and life. One night we had been out at a club and got a bit drunk. We ended up back at her place and were sitting around talking. Somehow sex and compatibility with one's partner came up. She complained that her current guy just didn't "fit" her right. By that she meant he just wasn't hung very well. She said his cock just wouldn't fill her the way she wanted. He was a great guy but that was becoming a turnoff. I laughed and told her I couldn't believe her, she was basing a relationship on dick size and that seemed shallow. She laughed and said something to the effect of her pussy was not shallow and needed to be filled. And besides, who was I to talk. I looked at her seriously and said straight faced that size was not a problem. She dared me to prove it. I stood up and dropped my jeans. My cock was only semi hard and she laughed. Saying if that's all I had then I shouldn't pop off. I dared her to suck it, make it hard and then make comments. She sucked me like I had never been sucked before and after a long blow job and an intense fucking there on the couch in her apartment we became a couple, my nine inches of cock sealing a relationship that had now lasted over a year. 

My mind raced back to the here and now as she ran her tongue over my shaft from base to tip. She smiled around my cock head and held the shaft in her hand. God she was beautiful. Her hazel brown eyes glinted with desire, her long brown hair framing her incredibly lovely face. Her Italian ancestry showed in her skin tone and appearance. Her large firm breasts were pinned in place by her top, her skirt riding high on her hips as she knelt on the floor. "C'mon babe," I whispered, "I want you on my bed." Her answer was to slide my cock back into her mouth right to her throat. I had to fight from crying out in pleasure as she deep throated me. My eyes occasionally glanced to the open door and the stairs that lay beyond, hoping to not see Tabitha's blonde head appear. Ana had her other hand between her legs, teasing her clit as she slurped on my cock. She was being a huge tease, testing me, riding that edge, something that she liked to do on occasion. Then my heart leapt in my chest. Tabitha's face appeared over the top step as she climbed up the stairs. 

Her blue eyes widened at the sight that lay before her. My gorgeous girlfriend on her knees sucking my big cock. Her stare shifted between my cock in Ana's mouth and Ana's hand playing with her pussy. In fact, I couldn't tell which she was more interested in, me or Ana. Tabitha stood mesmerized for a few minutes, her own hand moving to the front of her shorts, then into them. She broke from her trance as I started to growl due to Ana's deep throat and my impending orgasm. As it no longer mattered to me that Tabitha knew what we were up to, I started to talk a bit dirty, insisting Ana suck my cock harder and deeper, urging her on. Then I came. Ana new from experience it was coming and clamped her lips down hard onto my pulsing cock, taking ever bit of my hot load into her mouth, swallowing it all. As my orgasm subsided Ana licked my cock clean and let out a satisfying purr as she stood and crawled onto my lap. As she rose I looked back at where Tabitha had been standing. She was gone.

THREE DAYS LATER

I groggily opened the fridge door, fumbling for the orange juice. I had stayed up late partying with friends and now was paying the price. Ana had a dinner date with her parents and I didn't spend time with her last night. 

As I leaned against the counter in my shorts, I took a big swig of OJ and felt my head clear a bit. Tabitha then came into the kitchen. She saw me as she turned the corner and averted her gaze. I, however, took in her appearance. She was wearing a short robe that hit mid thigh. I could see nothing else underneath it and wondered if she even had some sort of pajamas on. She moved to the coffee maker and poured herself a cup.

"Good morning," I said with a smile. "Sleep good last night?"

She glanced over the cup and nodded, saying nothing.

I let the silence hang for a minute and then decided to go right to the point.

"Listen Tab, I had no idea you would end up seeing Ana and I like that. It was an accident and listen, no harm no foul right?"

She glanced up again and set her coffee cup onto the counter. "Well you guys knew I was home and you should have at least closed the door." She tried to sound annoyed but I could tell she wasn't. Her expression and direction of her gaze also spoke volumes about what she was really thinking.

"I agree and I apologize. Friends?" I extended my hand for her to shake. She took it and her hand lingered in mine, her fingers then tickling my palm slightly as she released her grip. Trying to stay lighthearted I offered up a joke. "If you want to get even you could just leave your bathroom door open when you are showering and we could call it square."

She smiled. "Well if you want payback why wait right?" She was trying to act confident but I could tell she was nervous as she started to undo her robe. It fell to the kitchen floor a second later.

I had seen a few beautiful women naked in my day and Tabitha ranked in the top three. Her breasts were full but not overly large, probably a 34 C. Her skin was smooth and her complexion fair. Just below her smooth firm stomach, a small strip of trimmed blonde pubic hair pointed a trail towards her pussy. 

I found my voice. "Well that makes us even I guess. Thanks for sharing." My eyes lingered over her lovely curves.

She took a small step forward. "Technically we are not all the way even since I saw you having sex. So I guess we need to do something about that right?"

I swallowed hard and tried to think fast. My animal masculine instincts were telling me to enjoy fucking Tabitha but my fear factor was playing a clip of Ana walking in and catching us, grabbing a meat cleaver and severing my cock with a quick chop. My mind was pulled from that grisly image by the feel of Tabitha's hands on my shorts, yanking them down. Desire now fully outweighed fear in my emotion bank.

Tabitha took my slowly swelling cock into her hand and held it in front of her face. "Is this making things even?" She asked coyly.

I nodded a reply as her lips slid over the head of my cock taking me into her warm mouth. She started sucking my cock to a full erection, moaning as she took more and more of me in. I leaned against the counter and moaned myself for this girl was giving the second best head I'd ever had. Her mouth was smaller than Ana's which was both good and bad. Good in that it felt tight and warm, bad in that her teeth occasionally grazed my cock and she couldn't get all of me in. Ana's deep throat blow jobs had spoiled me. But don't get me wrong, this girl could work a cock and was doing just that on me now. 

After a few noisy minutes of slurping and sucking, Tabitha popped my cock out of her mouth with a satisfied sigh and moan. Her hand stayed on my shaft, stroking its full length slowly. "Are we even now? Or is more payback required?"

I did not say a word. I just pulled her to her feet and guided her out of the kitchen, down the short hallway and into the living room. We never made it to the sofa, just the back of it. I gently pushed her forward over the back of the sofa and as she bent my hand went between her legs, my finger tracing up her wet, hot pussy. She was ready.

I took my now fully swollen cock and slid the big head along her wet pussy lips. She moaned loudly. "Oh Dan, fuck me with that big cock!"

I obliged her, easing my big fuck-stick into her tight wet pussy. And when I say tight, I mean tight. She gasped and cried out as I slowly eased into her, adjusting her hips trying to accommodate my size. Hers was the tightest pussy I had ever entered and it took several minutes for me to be fully in her. At that point she was gasping and moaning loudly, begging to feel me fuck her.

I moved slowly, with smooth easy strokes, feeling my cock head reach all the way into her depths. Her pussy gripped my cock and sent sensations through me. This was going to be a hell of a fuck.

I held onto her smooth hips and started thrusting, fucking her smoothly and deeply. From her loud cries of pleasure I am sure it was deeper than she had ever been fucked before. I wanted to stroke faster and harder but felt it would hurt her more than pleasure her and pleasure was my goal. We stayed in this position for a couple of minutes until I wanted to see all of her as I fucked her. We moved to the front of the couch and she lay back on it. I knelt on the floor in front of her and with a minor adjustment slid my cock right back into her. The look on her face was pure ecstasy. Her good looks coupled with her tight pussy added to her loud moaning of desire was sending me to the edge. 

My cock plunged in and out of her sexy pussy, thick with her juices. She had her first and second orgasms of our session one right after the other, howling in pleasure. This girl was an incredible fuck. I felt my balls tighten and then I gasped, pulled my cock out and stroked it, cum exploding over her smooth stomach, chest and firm tits. It was a pretty thick and hot cum shot, coating her with several thick ropes of love juice.

I collapsed onto the couch next to her, catching my breath. "I'd say we're even."

She giggled and reached out casually playing with my semi hard, sex juice covered cock. "You know, that is the biggest dick I have ever taken. Once I saw it the other day all I could think about was how it would feel in my mouth and in my pussy." She lifted it up examining it, licking her lips. I decided to return the gesture. I reached out and casually teased her swollen pussy lips, gently running a finger over her clit. "That is the tightest non-virgin pussy I have ever been in, and please tell me you were not a virgin." She giggled and moved her head to my cock, licking a bit of cum off the head. "Would a virgin do that?" I smiled. "I guess not." 

TWO MONTHS LATER

"Dan she is driving me nuts," Marc exclaimed as he cooked up some late dinner for himself. "She leaves shit all over the place, makes a mess and is so fucking noisy when I'm sleeping." He looked over to where I leaned against the counter sipping a beer. "Are you listening to me?"

"Yeah, I hear you. But she's not all that bad, and she's been paying her rent on time." That was actually a lie. I was paying her rent on time. What Tabitha was doing was sucking and fucking me whenever I wanted and in turn I told her to forget the rent. She seemed OK with it and so far things were fine. She knew her place as roommate and sometimes sex toy. I did worry about her getting all attached and telling Ana, blowing the best relationship I had ever been in with the hottest, most gorgeous woman I could imagine. Shit, listen to me, wanting my cake and to eat it too. Tabitha scratched an itch. It was easy sex and much better than jacking off, which even with Ana's voracious sexual appetite I still managed to do. Just these days it was inside Tabitha's mouth or pussy.

"You are so not listening to me," Marc said. "Are you fucking her?"

My face twisted in an angry glare. "What are you kidding me? Do you remember I have a girlfriend?"

"That didn't stop you with Wendy. You cheated on her what, five times or something like that?"

"Wendy was and is not Ana."

"Oh I agree Wendy is not even in Ana's league but I know you Dan, sometimes the old dick does the thinking."

"Read my lips; I am not fucking Tabitha. Conversation over." I stormed out of the kitchen.

LATER THAT NIGHT

Tabitha slid off my hips and onto the bed next to me. She was still panting from her orgasm and glowed with pleasure. "I love riding you like that," she said. The sex had been good as usual but my mind was elsewhere. Marc was no dummy and if he suspected something could Ana? Maybe I should stop this with Tabitha? 

Tabitha's hand wrapped around my cock and she sat up and sucked my cock clean of our sex juices. Damn, I thought, now she's doing things that Ana does. Ana loved cleaning my cock off after sex; it was something she really got into, which usually resulted in a great blow job and me cumming again. I pulled Tabitha's head off my cock.

"Listen we need to talk."

Her expression was not a good one. "About what?" She asked icily.

"This. The sex and you and me."

"So you are dumping Ana for me?"

I shook my head. "No, I think we should stop. It's not right for your relationship nor is it for mine. We had fun but we should end it now before somebody gets hurt."

She looked positively pissed. She gathered her pajamas and huffed out of my room. I lay back and silently hoped things would not get out of control.

ONE WEEK LATER

I arrived home from work and headed from the garage into the hall and towards the kitchen and game room. I dropped my briefcase at the foot of the stairs when I heard something coming from the game room. I poked my head around the corner and my jaw dropped.

Tabitha was on the pool table, legs spread wide and held at the ankles by Marc as he plunged his cock in and out of her. They were both obviously enjoying themselves. My head swirled. I was actually a bit jealous which was absurd. At that moment Tabitha happened to glance my way. She saw me and smiled a sly smile. I turned and headed upstairs.

THREE HOURS LATER

There was a knock on my door. I opened it to find Marc standing there. "I thought you couldn't stand her," I said.

He moved forward and I let him into my room, closing the door behind us. "I couldn't."

"I notice you are using past tense."
