 George Long had come home, exhausted as usual, only to find his wife still at school – also as usual. The only good thing to come of this was that he had some free time for the first time in weeks. So, he decided to do what he usually did in his spare moments – masturbate. George and his wife, Jenny, were very much in love, but Jenny just didn't have the sexual drive he did. Married for about a year already, the two just never had the amount of sex that George would have liked. 5'10" , blonde, with blue eyes, George didn't really start to fill out till when he met Jenny. As such, she was his first and only sexual partner. They had been together going on four years, and he was never happier. Early on, Jenny sometimes complained about his extra pounds here and there, and as a result he had become 160 pounds of lean muscle. If she ever bothered to look hard enough, she would notice the ripples of a six pack and tone biceps and triceps – two of the things she said she always liked. Not like getting in shape had any residual benefit for George – they hadn't had sex in two months and counting. It wasn't for lack of interest on George's part – he would try, set the mood, light candles, surprise her in the shower, any number of things, all to no avail. The normal course of events would culminate with kissing deeply, perhaps on the bed even, and her whispering 'But I don't really want to have sex tonight...hope that's okay.' What could he say? 'Of course, honey,' and he would roll over with an unsatisfied hard on. Jenny's 5'9" , 125 lb frame, filled out nicely by 34C breasts, was just too inviting to give up on. While he would never cheat on his 23 year old brunette wife, he just couldn't look into her brown eyes without thinking of what could have been.

So on this day when he saw she was not home, he instinctively knew what to do. Flipping on the computer as he walked by, he went up to their bedroom and changed into more comfortable clothes. He also grabbed a towel and went to grab the bottle of lubricant he stored under the sink. Empty. Just great...he couldn't pass this up, though, so he went downstairs anyway. The computer was booted up and he immediately went to that all-to-familiar folder containing the various porn movies he had downloaded over the years while Jenny was out. He picked a particular favorite – a Bang Bus clip. The Bang Bus was essentially a group of guys driving around in a van and picking up 'random' women. If it sounds sketchy, that's because it is. These girls have fears and worries, but after promises of only asking questions and offering money, the girl gets into the van. All on tape of course, the girl eventually consents to suck off and get fucked by one of the guys in the van. In the end they leave her somewhere on the road. George liked to see the way the girls were persuaded to get into the van. It all seemed too convenient to him, like it was staged. But he especially liked seeing the oral sex. Something Jenny rarely did – she claimed it hurt her jaw and when she did do it, never let George cum in her mouth because she said it made her tongue numb – George could just imagine a pair of warm lips engulfing his 8" cock. Closing the door to the extra bedroom downstairs, George also remembered another point of contention between him and his wife. Wanting to make some extra money, she decided they should rent out a spare bedroom. He didn't want to at first – he had this idea that they could walk around naked and have sex everywhere without any bothering him, but he realized what a fantasy that was and not reality – but George wouldn't mind the extra money so he agreed. Getting into the movie now, he found the guys spotting a good looking younger blonde girl. They asked her the requisite questions – school, sexual history, if she 'partied' – and before long the girl was topless. Soon she was posing in positions and being told she would be paid. George knew the good part was coming up, so he deftly lowered his pants and let out his aching dick. Slowly, idly, he stroked it with the tips of his fingers as the girl spun around to reveal a pair of smaller breasts. She was told to remove the guy's pants and started to do so just as George heard the garage door. Frozen for a split second, a wry smile crossed his face. If Jenny caught him, perhaps she would join in. Then again, she would probably get pissed, but this was something he hadn't tried yet so he thought it was worth it.

The garage door closed as the cameraman on the screen was trying to convince the girl to suck on the other guy's dick. George heard the door open over his shoulder. He just continued as if he didn't hear anything. He heard footsteps growing closer then stopping right behind him.

"I like this episode – good choice." 

Jumping out of his seat, George spun around and looked down on someone who definitely wasn't his wife. Short – about 5'3" he was guessing – this girl had shorter blonde hair, green eyes, and fair skin. She was wearing a baggy t-shirt, but her jeans clung nicely to a pair of curvy legs. After giving her the once over, his eyes came back up to meet hers. She was just smiling nicely and, after sharing a look that was probably a second or two too long, her eyes went past him to look at the computer.

"I like her technique. This girl really knows what she's doing...taught me a thing or two, I have to admit." And with that the stranger pulled up a chair and started to watch the porn.

George was stunned to say the least, and couldn't think of anything else to do but to sit down. Suddenly he realized that he was completely naked from the waist down and, what's more, still holding his hard cock. He quickly started to pull up his pants and stuff his dick into them when the girl lightly touched his arm.

"It doesn't look like you're finished there." 

"Umm..." George stammered, "I think I was pretty much done, thanks." 

Smiling again, that easy going smile that put George at ease, she said, "I couldn't live with being responsible for that. Let's just watch the show and you do what you like...forget I'm even here." 

Still too stunned to really understand anything, George barely was able to nod and turned back to the screen, dropping his pants and watching as the girl knelt down and started to lick the head of the dick on screen.

"You see?" said the girl next to George. "That is amazing. If I was a guy, I would love to have that done to me. I don't know if I have it down quite yet, though." She bit her lower lip in a look of concentration as she watched the girl on the screen. She then looked back to George, who was in turn looking at her, then her eyes moved down to his cock. George looked down too, only to find he was still instinctively stroking his dick lightly with his fingers.

"Oh, that can't be – no lubrication?" And George started to explain that his had run out, but before he could the girl had knelt down and was hovering above his dick.

"I just want to try this out. Let me know what works for you." And without another word, she snaked out her smooth pink tongue and flicked the tip of George's dick. He let out a loud moan as two month's of sexual frustration settled into the eight throbbing inches of his body that happened to be entering a stranger's mouth. She slowly licked the tip, alternately flicking and nibbling the head of the dick. George was starting to like this as suddenly she plunged the whole cock straight down her throat. This was a sensation he had never felt before – Jenny's mouth was too small to accommodate him – and it was something he knew he had to feel again. Just letting her throat get accustomed to his size, the girl started to rub George's balls. Kneading them in her fingers, she pulled them down and away from his body and her mouth started to rise up the length of his member. 

Looking up, George saw in amazement that the girl's movements on his own cock were mirroring those of the girl on the screen almost exactly! Realizing he had the real thing kneeling before him, George looked down to admire the sight of a young hot stranger stuffing her face with his cock. Her head bobbed up and down, varying speeds, and her tongue swirled around the head of his dick every time his dick almost escaped her mouth. She tightly gripped his dick in her lips, slowly working her way up its whole length, till with a pop it came out. Her hand flashed up to his dick, stroking it as she treated the head of his cock like a Blow Pop. This was more than he could handle, and George's hands went to her head, trying to coax more of his cock into her mouth. He was surprised to find that she was eager to engulf him again, and as her lips slid down the length of his cock, her nose coming to rest against his hard abdomen, he felt a torrent of cum erupt from his balls. What felt like shot after shot came forth into this young blonde's mouth, and the only reaction was to swallow quickly and rub his balls.

After a few seconds – or was it minutes, hard to say in that state – George looked down. His cock twitched as he saw the girl's eyes staring back at him. Her cock-filled mouth smiled up at him, and he down at her, when they both heard the garage door open again. George scrambled to simultaneously pull up his pants, turn off the computer, and somehow find a place for the girl to hide. She just stood up and looked at him, a small dribble of cum sneaking out of the corner of her mouth. George could just stare and gesture to her face, so she reached up and wiped the cum onto her finger. Sticking it into her mouth, she sucked it clean, all the while never letting her eyes leave his.

"You must be George. I'm Samantha, your new roommate. But you can call me Sam."