 Prachi Mishra was not only an office colleague of mine but also partner in some silly and playful 'crimes' that we indulged ourselves on certain weekends. She was basically from Kanpur in the northern parts of India. Both of us worked for the same software giant in Bangalore, India. Though we had several things in common but we didn't share a pad. She lived with a sweet south Indian girl named Minakshi I. P.

Prachi had a steady boy friend in the form of Rohit who was sent to Canada from his company and thus he suddenly found himself in a long distance relationship with Prachi. Everything was going the usual way when one day Prachi told me that Minakshi's boy friend, Kartik Iyer, had come to stay with them.

"With you two? Why did you allow?" I said with the McDonald's burger still there in my mouth. We were having our lunch.

"What could I do? You remember last year Rohit was here for a day and Minakshi agreed to put him up with us. So this time Kartik is here for some company work and she didn't want him to stay in a hotel."

"For how many days?"

"Seven."

"And today is?"

"His second."

"Oh. That can be handled."

"He ogles at me."

"What the fuck. Really?"

"Yeah! And am like so uncomfortable with a stranger's presence. Though he is sleeping in Minakshi's room and I have my own, still. Last night I got up to drink water from the kitchen when I heard some sounds coming from Minakshi's room. Curious, I took few steps, careful not to disturb them in case they were being intimate. I went near the door. It was ajar. Peeping in I saw Karthik jerking off staring at his laptop while Minaskhi was asleep. I could see his face because of the laptop's light."

"Damn! But then its normal for guys to jerk, isn't?"

"It is of course. But I don't know. I usually wear shorts and spaghetti at night."

"Like I do. With the shorts barely covering your ass."

"Exactly. And he is like checking me out from the corner of his eyes."

"You sure?"

"Like hell! Last evening I was watching television and the remote was not working. You know about the stupid remote we have at our place. It works best when you go near the television. So I stood up and went near it and you won't believe. I could clearly see in the glass on the television stand that Karthik was ogling at my ass. I mean Minakshi was in the kitchen at that time. I slowly went away in my room."

"Probably the laptop was only an excuse. Perhaps he was jerking off thinking about your ass." I teased.

"Whatever!"

"Cool it now."

By the way before I tell you further let me squeeze in that Prachi is a sexy girl. You know the types who have a naturally good figure without really hitting the gym. Like me she was a 32D but with a thinner waist and a nice round, soft ass: neither too small nor too big. She was not a virgin. She had done it with her ex. Rohit not only knew about it but was okay with it as well for these days its not an issue unless of course one does it being in a relationship with someone. And of all I knew about Prachi she wasn't the flirting types. Though we did check out guys but all in a fun manner. We never picked up guys.

After a day, the first thing Prachi told me after coming to office was she saw Karthik naked. I eagerly dragged her to the girl's washroom to get the complete picture.

What happened was Prachi was getting ready to leave for the office in the morning while Karthik was probably having his bath. Minakshi had already left. As Prachi passed by the bathroom and toward the hall room a breeze pushed opened the bathroom door. With the intention of closing the door Prachi paused, turned toward the door and was about to close it when she realized Karthik was washing himself with his back to her. She stood there for few seconds too shaken for her common sense to tell her to move on. She moved on only when Kartik turned casually. Realizing the bathroom was door was open he quickly shut the door. Prachi's heart was pounding like anything, she said, as she narrated me all of it.

"So what was he like?" I asked with curiosity written all over my face.

"I don't know."

"Be objective darling."

"Not bad. He is in some sort of shape. But what the heck, am committed."

"You can't change what has happened so forget about it."

"I just hope he doesn't tell this to Minakshi. What will she think of me?"

"Relax. I don't think he would."

But she didn't relax. It was only after she went home at night, Prachi messaged me that Minaskhi was cordial with her suggesting Karthik must have not told her anything. 

"Haven't you talked to him as yet." I asked her the next day. It was already the fourth day of Karthik's stay.

"Only hi-hello. What's their to talk anyway. I was feeling a bit guilty because Rohit doesn't know Karthik is here."

"Why didn't you tell him about it? You aren't doing anything wrong."

"Yeah, am not but you know him and the way he reacts."

"If you can't trust him and neither can he why the hell are you guys in a relationship?"

"You won't get it so forget it."

"Okay!"

This thing always perplexed me. We say we trust our partners and then shall hide an insignificant thing fearing an untoward reaction. Anyway...

On the fifth day it rained hard and I tried to connect to Prachi on her mobile phone but she didn't pick up. Nor did she come to the office that day. Or the next. Since her phone was switched off I called Minakshi up who informed me Prachi had gone to her elder cousin's place. With doubts lurking on my mind I thought of visiting her elder cousin. My instincts told me something was wrong. Perhaps she was sick or something. I visited her on Saturday.

The door was opened by her elder cousin, Preeti, who was a housewife and seven years elder to both Prachi and me. I was led to the room where Prachi had put up. I was astounded seeing her face. Their were puffs under her swollen eyes which were proof enough that she was crying incessantly.

"What's up darling? Where the hell of you have been?"

"Come inside." Prachi, like an android, closed the door behind tight and held me by my hand. Together we settled on the only bed in the room.

"What's up?" I asked again.

"I screwed up!"

"How?"

"Karthik and I...we fucked."

For a trice I was in a trance. Too taken aback to even trust my own ears on this.

"What the fuck!" I heard myself blurt out a bit too loudly.

"Yes. And I am dying of guilt ever since. I don't know what to do!" She dug her face on my lap. Bemused, I caressed her hair and asked, "Just tell me what happened and with all the details. We both can definitely find a solution. Now brace yourself and tell me."

Prachi lifted her head, took a breather and started...

"I came out of the flat on Wednesday all ready to go to the office. I had just crossed the lane when it suddenly started raining in torrents. You know how it has been raining since. I got drenched. I went back to my flat to fetch my umbrella. And since I was there I thought I better change my dress and undergarments for I could sense they too were wet. I was so sure neither Karthik nor Minakshi was there at home. She anyway went to office before me and he too that day had gone before I left. So I unlocked the flat with my own keys, went to my room to change. 

I carelessly had kept my room's door open because there was no need to lock oneself when one is alone in a flat. I stripped my shirt and had unhooked my bra and was about to take it off when I heard the creak of my room's door. Even without looking I knew someone was standing there. Not Karthik, not Karthik...I sure was praying and breathing the hardest in those few seconds. If it was Karthik, I wondered, he was watching my naked back now. I slowly turned and saw him staring the way he was staring at the laptop the other night. And I was standing with some portions of my bra covering my nipples. Thankfully I had my jeans on. I immediately asked him to leave and added that I wouldn't say anything to Minakshi. After all I too had seen him naked accidentally and in a way I guessed it was okay if he saw a bit of me. But he didn't budge. All he did was lock the door. 

I panicked and started pleading him to go away since I was committed like him. All I saw was Karthik stripping himself naked. I rushed towards the door with my jeans on and the bedsheet, which I grabbed to cover my topless flesh. He got hold of me, the bedsheet dropped along with the bra. I was topless and he was naked. We were close. He caught my hand rather strongly and I simply couldn't let it go. As I struggled asking him to let me go he planted a kiss on my lips. A second later I knew we were smooching. I don't know what happened to me. I wanted him to leave me but I was suddenly making no efforts to finish the smooch. I felt his tongue sucking mine, he was salivating a lot and I think I did swallow his saliva too. As the smooch ended I tried to push him only to realize he'd placed my hand on his thick hard cock. I knew I had to free myself now or the dreaded thing would continue. It continued. 

His cock was so hard I could not even flick it while he kissed me all over my face, licking my cheeks and sucking my lips. He spat on my nipples and sucked them as I found myself squeezing his balls and feeling them properly. He took both my breasts one at a time in his mouth and sucked them to his heart's content after which I had my hands around his neck. Confessing all this now feels like I could have said no but believe at that time I had a numb mind. The struggle inside me was dead. Else I wouldn't have done it. We smooched again and this time it was sensuous and proper. I felt his hands slid onto my belt. He unbuckled it and unbuttoned my jeans with one go. He stopped smooching for a second and unzipped my jeans tugging it down. My red panty was exposed. I helped him get rid of the jeans. Can you believe that? I fucking helped him do that. I was sure he knew I wanted it as much as he did. The only difference was I thought I only needed to satisfy my sudden aroused state while he wanted to do it with me per say. I wasn't attracted to him as such as much as I was a prisoner of my own arousal. 

Karthik almost ripped open my panty and my trimmed pussy was in front of him. I knew he was a weirdo when he sniffed my pussy for few seconds squeezing my butt cheeks. He pushed me onto my bed and parted my legs. Honestly, what followed was a cunnilingus of a lifetime. His tongue made me aware of my own depths. I was asking, pleasing and begging him to stop it but it was more of 'no means yes' types. For an instant I thought what if Minakshi and Rohit were to come now in the room. They would have seen me naked with my legs wide apart holding onto Karthik's dense curly hair with his mouth dug on my wet pussy. Fortunately my mind went numb again. Karthik spat on my pussy. I don't know why since it was wet enough. I guess he had this thing about spitting on a girl while having sex for first he spat on my nipples and next on my ass too. He held my ass and lifted it a bit with his hands and kissed it all over. He spat right on my anus and started licking it ferociously. I told him not to do anything there but he was in no mood to hear me. He fingered my anus first and then my pussy while licking my anus after which he parted my legs again, held his cock in his hand and slowly guided it inside my craving pussy. It went half in and then with a slight push from his side it was totally in. A cock was inside me after a good fifteen months. He lay on me with his chest crushing my breasts. As we smooched he started giving me slow thrusts, mauled my breasts in between, bit my neck and biceps and mauled my ass too at times. I had my hand around his back all the while. For once I did grab his butt too squeezing it to my liking. Suddenly he pulled out, took my legs one at a time on his shoulders and entered me again. This time he was thrusting with a renewed energy. After banging me in this pose for sometime he pulled out. I thought it was over but soon realized it wasn't, yet. 

He stretched his legs on the bed with his cock gaping the ceiling. He brought me close, planted a kiss on my breasts and placing my legs on either side of him slowly made me sit on his cock. Gosh, I had never done that! As I sat down I felt his cock slowly pushing its way inside my pussy. We sat facing each other which probably was the worst pose considering I wasn't myself then. He started bouncing me on his cock like I was his bitch which I definitely was for that period of time. We smooched as he fucked me non-stop. Few minutes later I embarrassed myself further realizing he had stopped fucking me and it was me who was bouncing on him now. He let out a groan and I knew this fuck up finally was over. He caught his cock in one hand and flipped me. I sat on my four as he parted my butt cheeks again. I panicked for the umpteenth time and requested him not to take me anally. I had lost my virginity to my ex but I wanted to gift my anal virginity to Rohit. The next second I felt his cock push itself inside my ass. I guess my anus was a bit too tight for his cock so when he was mid way in he pumped me two-three times and then leaked. I could feel his cum flooding my anus. He dropped dead on the bed. So did I.

"Oh my God!" I exclaimed.

"Its all because of Rohit." She gasped.

"What? What are you saying?"

"We had had this sex voice chat the previous night and now when I think about it, that's what made me vulnerable on that particular day!"

"Hmm, whatever! The reason doesn't count now."

"Yes, action does so I have left the flat."

"Why? Karthik isn't going to stay there forever."

"I don't know. I just don't want to go there anymore. I will stay here till I get a new accommodation."

"Alright. Don't sulk now. What has happened, has happened. Forget it or at least try to."

"Yeah."

It was after I coaxed and explained her for an hour to forget it that Prachi finally closed her eyes with her head on my lap while I imagined her fucking with Karthik all over again.