 I was sitting with Carol in the Continental breakfast room of this medium grade motel. Everybody did the Continental breakfast nowadays, but nobody did it well. Carol was the night manager and had just gotten off work. We met once in a while to have coffee; at least the coffee was good.

Then I saw her as soon as she walked in. She was a little taller than he was and had that smoky, brown European/Italian face. She had round, full breasts pushing against the buttons of her white cotton blouse. But what caught my full, undivided attention was her butt. She had on one of those spandex, boy-short type of short shorts that fully displayed her perfect butt. It stuck out from her body like some famous sculptor had put it there, and her butt cheeks, well, let's just say that there was plenty of separation between them. A pair of perfectly proportioned legs reached all the way to the floor.

They both picked up their plastic plates and started through the food line. There wasn't much to offer, but, what the hell, it came with the room and many international travelers never thought twice about it. I watched them as they selected their pastries, orange juice, and coffee and found a table along one side of the room close to the windows.

"Ah, Carol, I see someone I need to talk to," I said. "If you'll excuse me. It was good to see you again. Go ahead and finish your coffee. And, oh, when I'm speaking to them and we happen to look over here, just smile and give a little wave. See you later."

With that I got up, dumped the rest of my coffee into the trash, and walked over to their table.

"Hi, there!" I greeted them. "I'm Wes. How're you guys doing? Is your room O.K.?"

They both looked up at me. I glanced at him then turned my attention to her.

"Ya. O.K." they said and I could tell that their understanding of English was better than their speaking.

"Well, that's good," I responded. "I'm Wes," I repeated. I looked at him, "And you're...?"

He looked at me as if he had no idea what I was talking about.

"What's your name?" I asked more directly.

"Oh, Andre," he answered.

I looked at her and smiled. "And what's your name, lovely lady?" I asked sweetly.

"Hello! I am Sonia!" she said.

"Well, hello, Andre and Sonia and welcome!" I exclaimed as I continued to look directly at her and leaned over on the table. "I've been authorized to perform a free room check for you. There's no charge and it will only take a short while."

"What is 'room check'?" Andre asked.

I answered without removing my gaze from her, "A room check makes sure that everything in your room is O.K. and there is no charge to you."

I shifted my look to him and continued, "By the way, Andre - it is Andre, right?" He nodded. "Those are really great earrings you are wearing and your necklace really stands out, too."

He looked a little flustered as I leaned over glaring down at him.

I looked back at her and went on, "I'm going to take Sonia with me to your room to perform the room check. You do have a key, don't you, Sonia?"

She replied, "No key."

I looked at him and ordered, "Give her the key, Andre. She has to have the key to get into the room. We need to get into the room to perform the room check."

I made it sound logical and that he had no choice. He fumbled around in his pants pocket for the key card.

"We do this regularly as a free service for our guests. Just yesterday I performed a free room check for that lady over there."

I looked up and their gaze followed mine. I looked over at Carol and gave a slight nod. Carol smiled and gave a little wave. I turned back to the table. Andre was holding the key card in his hand.

"I go, too," he said.

"No," I instructed in a firm voice. "You give Sonia the key. You stay here and finish your free breakfast. We'll do the room check and be back in 30 minutes."

He didn't know what to say, but he reached across the table and handed her the key to the room.

I said, "O.K., Sonia, let's go." And as she began to stand up, I moved over to slide her chair back.

As we turned to leave, I reassured Andre with, "Have some more free food, Andre. We won't be long."

I gently took her by the arm and escorted her out of the breakfast room and down the hall to the elevator. I pushed the "up" button. We stood there and I looked over and smiled at her.

"You are very pretty," I said. "We are glad you are visiting."

"Thank you," she replied demurely.

The elevator arrived and we stepped aside to let the people out. Then we stepped into the elevator alone. She made no movement to select the floor.

"Go ahead," I said. "Push the button."

"Oh," she replied, and reached over and pushed 6. The elevator started up.

We were standing on opposite sides of the elevator.

I told her, "You know, don't you, that we're not going up to do a room check?"

She nodded, "Yes. Not room check."

I asked, "What do you think we are going to do?"

She replied matter of factly, "I think you take me to the room and then - how you say? - you fuck me." She drew out the word "FUUUUUUUCK."

I smiled and thought to myself, "pretty good."

I said, "That's right, Sonia. I'm going to fuck you."

I continued, "Do you think Andre will mind?"

"He not know. We not tell him, no?" she answered.

"No, we will not tell him," I assured her.

As we neared the sixth floor, we stood together in front of the elevator door. When it opened, we stepped out into the hall. Sonia headed left and I followed her. She stopped in front of room 617, slipped the card into the lock, opened the door, and walked in. I followed close behind, pausing only to place the 'do not disturb' sign on the outside door handle and turn the deadbolt closed.

When I turned around, she was standing by a bed and I noticed that both beds had been slept in. I asked, "Sonia, don't you and Andre sleep in the same bed?"

"Sometime we do," she replied. "But he too short."

"What do you mean he's too short?" I asked.

She held up her hand with her thumb and forefinger about two inches apart and said, "He too short." Then she held both hands up about a foot apart and said, "I think you not too short."

I smiled and stepped over to her. She kicked her shoes off. I took her by her shoulders and pulled her into a forceful kiss. I probed her lips with my tongue and found her's seeking mine. She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me tightly into her tits. I managed to move one hand down between us and grasped her tit outside her shirt.

She cooed into my mouth, "Oh... Now you fuck me."

I moved away from her and told her to take her shirt off. She pulled the tails of her shirt out from her shorts, quickly unbuttoned it, took it off, and dropped it on the floor. Before I could say, "Show me your tits!" she had unclasped her bra and it, too, was on the floor. Her shorts and thong soon followed and she lay down on the bed.

"You come, too," she invited, spreading her legs and motioning with a crooked finger. I stepped over to the edge of the bed and took off my shirt. She got up on her knees, reached over, and began to unbutton my fly. She reached inside my pants and grabbed my semi-hard cock. With her other hand she finished unbuttoning my pants and pushed them down to my knees. I leaned over and stepped out of them. Her hand was inside my boxers feeling my cock get harder.

She looked up at me, smiled, and said, "You not too short."

She pulled my boxers down and took hold of my cock with both her hands. "Oh! This good! This really good!" she exclaimed as she spread her knees on the bed and leaned forward to suck my cock. With my cock in her mouth she looked up at me and I reached down and grabbed her tits, one in each hand, squeezing and massaging them. She began to take more and more of me, bobbing her head up and down. She would stop, withdraw and spit on my cock, then slurp it up again. With one hand she gently massaged my balls and the other she held my cock at just the right angle. Soon I was hard as a rock and ready to go.

I said, "O.K., Sonia."

She stopped and looked up at me. She looked disappointed as she slowly backed off my cock and lay back on the bed. She spread her legs wide and both hands went to her pussy as she began to rub it vigorously. I stepped out of my boxers and got on the bed between her legs. 

I grabbed both her arms by her wrists and moved her hands off her pussy up to each side of her head. I moved my mouth to her right tit and began to kiss and suck it and bite the nipple. At the same time I moved my hips forward and my cock slid effortlessly into her succulent pussy, like hard steel to a magnet. She moaned and began to roll her hips as I began to thrust into her. It didn't take long for our tempo to reach a dizzying pace. I moved my mouth to her other tit and began to ravish it.

Now she began groaning as I pulled her nipple as hard as I could with my lips and teeth and pounded her cunt with a frenzy I knew she hadn't received from Andre.

"Ah... Uh... Yes! You... Make... Good... Fuck!" she hollered between my savage thrusts. I let go of her hands, leaned on my elbows, grabbed a tit in each hand, and squeezed hard.

"You... Good... Fucker!" she exclaimed again. And then a stream of incoherent and unintelligible words spewed from her as she grabbed me and pulled me hard into her. Her body rocked with spasms and she bucked ferociously against my cock. I could hold out no longer and dumped load after load of cum deep into her cunt.

We slowly stopped moving and her words trailed off to silence. I sucked each of her nipples hard once more, then pulled out and moved up so that my cock was just above her face.

"Sonia," I ordered. "Clean me off."

She wrapped each of her arms around my legs and took me in her mouth. She licked up and down each side, then slurped each of my balls into her mouth to clean them, too. Her smile was genuine as I began to get hard again.

"All right," I said. "Room check over" as I caught myself leaving words out of sentences just like they did in their shortened English.

I got up and began to get dressed while she just lay there for a time. She got up and had a smile on her face that wouldn't quit as she stuffed those wonderful tits into that less-than-adequate bra. When she bent over to pick up her thong and boy shorts, I saw again, this time in all its marvelous glory, that perfect butt. She pulled her thong up into the crack of her butt and I reached over and rubbed my hand across both her baby-smooth cheeks.

She looked back over her shoulder at me, smiled, and asked, "We do more room check?"

I said reluctantly, "No, we need to get back down. You go ahead and get dressed now."

We didn't speak on the way back down; we just smiled at each other in that knowing way that two lovers smile at each other after an inspiring fuck. We entered the dining room and the other guests had almost all cleared out. Carol had left, too. We walked over to the table where Andre was sitting and Sonia sat down across from him. She was still smiling.

She looked at Andre and said convincingly, "Room O.K."

Then she looked at me and said, "Maybe we do room check tomorrow, no?"

"Sure," I said as I smiled, turned, and walked out of the room.