 It was only the next day after Rachel's first date with Lute, and she was already working on a strategy for how they could get together again as soon as possible, and for a whole night. It had been a drag for both of them the night before, when they had to leave their shared love nest, get dressed, and go home to meet their midnight curfews. Rachel longed to spend the night wrapped in Lute's arms, and to make love as many times as they wanted, and to then wake up in the morning together, like normal couples. 

Their lovemaking from the night before still made Rachel's pussy tingle when she thought about it - which she had been doing almost constantly since she first awoke that morning. And when she had touched herself while the early light peeked through her closed curtains, her pussy had been just as tender and sore as she expected. But she felt juicy and delicious, which was a new sensation that she wanted to hang onto and revisit as often as possible. And while feeling the last remnants of Lute's cum still inside her, Rachel fell back to sleep. 

She wasn't sure what time it was when she was awakened by her mom's signature light tap on the door. But glancing at her bedside clock, she saw that it was after 9am. And, thankfully, it was a Saturday.

"Come on in," Rachel called groggily. 

Her mom entered quietly and sat down on the edge of Rachel's bed and began to gently rub her daughter's back and shoulders. 

"So, how was your date last night with Luther?" her mom asked with a curious smile.

Rachel and her mom were close. And her mom, being both a medical doctor and a wise woman, had been the one to be sure Rachel went on the pill as soon as she was considering having sex for the first time. Rachel's dad wasn't quite as liberal, at least when it concerned his only daughter. And he wasn't thrilled about the possibility that she was becoming sexually active. So Rachel and her mom kept that to themselves. 

Kathy, Rachel's mom, was no prude. And she knew very well, both from treating many young women, and also from having been one herself, that her daughter was going to have sex. And she saw it as her job to be sure that the sex was both safe and pleasurable for Rachel.

Rachel was still half asleep, so she didn't quite have her wits about her when she replied to her mom's question about her date with Luther with a blissful sigh, followed by "Oh, wow, it was great...really great."

"So, he's a good lover, eh?" her mom said with a chuckle as she brushed her daughter's hair with her hand. 

"Oh, my god, mom, he's amazing!" Rachel said, with more honesty than she might have expressed had she been fully awake. But her mom could tell just by looking at her that Rachel's first date with Lute had been memorable, and that they had ended up in bed together.

"Are you planning to see him again?" Kathy then asked, already knowing the answer.

"Oh, yes," Rachel sighed, "Definitely." 

Then, as Rachel began to come fully awake, she realized her mom could help her devise a way to get a whole night with Lute, and without rousing her father's suspicion. 

So, after telling her mom a bit more about Luther, which included some veiled references to his prodigious manhood and lovemaking skills, Rachel's mom was recruited to help figure out how Rachel could have some overnight's with Lute.

Rachel's grandparents' house was the obvious location, since they were away in Arizona for the winter, so all it would take was concocting a reason for her dad why Rachel should spend the night there once a week or so. Rachel's mom agreed to handle that part with her husband, so, with her mom's help and blessings, Rachel and Lute had their love nest all arranged.

And perhaps because Lute was a guy, or because his parents trusted him to make good decisions, or maybe because they were just done policing their kids' lives, but Rachel knew Lute's parents would be a pushover. So she couldn't wait to talk to him and share the good news about her plans for their next date. And this time, there would be no painful midnight goodbyes.

Lute played bass in a rock and roll band with some guys from the college where Rachel's dad taught. And they had gotten to be quite good and were getting regular gigs, mostly at college parties, but even at some tonier (and better paying) affairs like wedding receptions. 

When they had parted the night before, Lute invited Rachel to stop by their gig on Saturday night; it was at a local hall that some of the college kids had rented for a party. Even in her good-girl persona, Rachel liked to dance, so she recruited two of her friends to join her. But she was pretty sure that Nasty Rachel would also make an appearance.

Rachel and her friends could already hear the music when they pulled up to the party at about 9pm. And when she got out of the car, she both heard and felt the deep rumble of Lute playing the bass line in "My Sharona." And when she did, Rachel was surprised at how immediately horny it made her. "That's my lover," she thought to herself as she smiled and walked towards the entrance with her friends.

Rachel and her friends knew a bunch of people at the party, so it wasn't long before they were handed cups of beer and pulled onto the dance floor. And from his position on the stage, Lute saw Rachel come in, and he give her a big smile and a wink.

Rachel and her friends danced to every song of the set, and when the band finally took a break, Lute and Rachel met up and slipped outside to talk. 

"You guys sound great tonight!" Rachel said enthusiastically, after they'd run the gantlet of the band's appreciative audience and were finally in the relative quiet of the parking lot. 

"Thanks! I'm really glad you came. It's fun watching you dance and let loose in there," Lute replied as he pulled her in for a hug and a kiss. 

"How long is your break between sets?" Rachel asked as she hugged Lute and rubbed her big tits against his chest. "Do we have time to sit in your van for a bit?" 

"Sure, I've got about 15 minutes or so. Come on!" Lute said as he took her hand and led her over to his nearby van. 

Lute owned an older model Ford Econoline van that had previously belonged to a local woodworker friend of his dad's. It was perfect for hauling band equipment, and with the carpeting and some big pillows that Lute had picked up, it also served very nicely as a rolling make out spot. So Lute and Rachel climbed in and quickly wrapped around each other kissing and caressing and talking about their sleepover date the next weekend. 

Rachel had just gotten Lute's cock out of his pants, and was preparing to drop her head into his lap and hungrily suck on his thick beast, when their tryst was interrupted by a loud thumping on the van's side. "C'mon Root, we're on again in five!" Lute's band mate Charlie called to him. "So zip up your pants and get back on stage!" This made Rachel giggle, but Lute could only sigh as Rachel gave his throbbing tool a hungry goodbye kiss before they composed themselves and climbed out of the van. 

Lute slipped in the back hall's entrance and quickly put back on his bass guitar, which he was glad to have in front of him to cover his still raging hard-on. And Rachel walked around to the front entrance and rejoined her friends inside. She only smiled and raised her eyebrows when they asked where she had gone off to during the break. She knew it was only a matter of time before people find out about Lute and her, but she wasn't quite ready for that yet. And she rather liked having a Nasty Rachel secret. 

The following week went pretty quickly for our young lovers. They both had plenty to do to keep themselves busy - Rachel had a part in a school play, so she had rehearsals most afternoons. And Lute played bass in the school's jazz band and orchestra, and they were preparing for upcoming concerts. But by the time Friday rolled around, they were both at peak levels of horniness and couldn't wait to be alone and naked together again. 

Lute's parents left right after work on Friday to go up to their family's lake house to close it up for the season. They'd be spending the weekend there with Lute's uncle and aunt, so Lute didn't need to concoct any stories for why he wouldn't be home on Friday night. And as promised, Rachel's mom had run interference with her dad, so Rachel's whereabouts were also accounted for. 

Rachel was making them dinner, so when Luke arrived at her grandparents' place that evening he was greeted by the delicious smells of stir-fry chicken. Rachel had lit candles on the table and Lute had scored another bottle of his dad's wine, so the two settled in for fine dining and conversation - accentuated by some kissing and caressing that could easily have led to their fucking madly right there on the kitchen floor, if they hadn't restrained themselves as well as they did. 

But when they meal was over and the dishes had been loaded into the dishwasher, Rachel gave Lute a smile and a kiss, and after refilling their wine glasses, took him by the hand and led him to her basement bedroom. 

When they entered, the room was already lit with candles and the radio was tuned to a good jazz station from the city. Wasting no time, Rachel pushed Lute down across the double bed, and with his help she quickly had his pants removed. And she was then bobbing her head up and down on the knob of his rigid cock that stood up big and straight, like a rocket ready for launch at Cape Canaveral. 

"I've been thinking about doing this all week!" Rachel whispered between slurps on Lute's slick member. "God, I love your cock!"

Lute sighed affirmatively as he looked down and watched his young lover expertly work over his love muscle.

When Rachel had turned sixteen, her mother had given her a vibrator and some instructions on its use. For Rachel's eighteenth birthday, her mom had gotten her on the pill and given her a copy of The Joy of Sex. And since Rachel's previous weekend with Lute, she had done some re-reading of the book's oral sex sections. Because, unlike her other lovers, Lute had a cock that she wanted to spend some serious time getting to know, up close and very personal. 

Lute had pulled off his shirt, so he was now lying naked on the bed as the fully clothed Rachel continued acquainting herself with his thick phallus. 

Rachel was now gripping and stroking Lute's cock with her hand while she sucked on his big testicles, pulling them into her mouth and using her tongue to fellate them as she sucked. She had never really given a guy's gonads much consideration before. But once she had turned her attention away from Lute's huge cock and focused on the big droopy sac that hung underneath, she was interested to explore this erotically unusual portion of her lover's anatomy. And from the groans she was hearing from Lute as she sucked on his nuts, she knew she was onto something.

"Oh, yeah, Rachel. That feels great," Lute moaned as she worked her mouth on his testicles. "Now spit on my cock and stroke it while you suck my nads, baby. Yeah, just like that...oh, yeah, that's it!" 

One of the things that Rachel really appreciated about Lute was how uninhibited he was sexually. Though he was embarrassed to have a noticeable hard-on in public, he was very comfortable being overtly sexual with her when they were alone together. He was a very open and caring lover and talked easily about what he liked, what he wanted her to do, and he always made sure he was doing for her just what she wanted. And on top of all that, he expertly wielded his huge cock and knew how to use it to please her. 

Most guys, she reckoned, with a cock the size of Lute's would be full of themselves, and strut around like God's gift to women. But not Lute. He knew that he was the envy of his male peers, and an object of curiosity and lust to lots of ladies. But he treated this in the same way that Rachel did in knowing she had an IQ that surpassed most of her friends. It was a gift, and you took it for what it was, and you used it for good, not evil. And from what Rachel could tell as she continued sucking on his thick monster, was that Lute's gift was going to do her a whole lot of good. 

"You have way too many clothes on, Rachel" Lute said as she licked up and down on his stiff spear. And when she looked up at him with a smile, he added, "I want you to show me your big beautiful tits and sweet pussy again. C'mon baby, let's get you naked!" 

Reluctantly letting go of Lute's cock, Rachel stood up, and feeling the effects of the wine and the erotic thrill of being Nasty Rachel, she began to slowly undress. 

"Stroke your cock for me, Luther," Rachel said softly as she unbuttoned her blouse. And Lute gladly began to slowly massage his rigid tool while he watched Rachel do an unhurried striptease.

Tossing aside her blouse, Rachel rubbed her tits inside their sheer white bra and continued to look into Lute's eyes with a sexy smile. 

"Are you ready to see these again, Luther?" she asked as she pinched her nipples through their tight covering. "And if I show them to you, will you promise to put that big cock inside my pussy again tonight?"

"Scout's honor," Lute replied as he continued stroking his huge shaft. "I'll put it anywhere you'd like!" 

"Oooh, that opens up some really interesting possibilities," Rachel said with a giggle as she reached around and undid her bra strap. Then leaning forward, she let the bra cups drop off their fleshy captives, and with a shrug of her shoulders, her brassiere fell to the floor. 

Putting her hands underneath her plump torpedoes, Rachel lifted them up to her face and gave each one a kiss and some long licks with her tongue.

"You're going to enjoy these again tonight, aren't you Luther?" Rachel asked demurely as she flicked her tongue over her wide red nipples. 

"I'm enjoying them already," Luther said, "But I can't wait for you to shove them in my face!" 

"All in due time, lover, all in due time," Rachel chuckled as she started undoing her pants. And once she had slid them off and kicked them aside, she was now only wearing a pair of sheer white bikini panties with a noticeably wet crotch. 

"See what you do to me?" Rachel admonished him as she rubbed a hand over the wet spot in her panties. And then, slipping her fingers under the wet fabric, she closed her eyes and tilted her head back, and began to finger her pussy.

Lute was transfixed watching this vixen touch herself with one hand while rubbing her big floppy tits with the other. 

"Mmm...yeah, baby, you are so hot!" Lute whispered to her as he continued throttling his python. "Now take off your panties and toss them to me," he instructed. 

Looking at him with glazed eyes, Rachel shimmied out of her panties and tossed them to Lute. Catching them, he first put them under his nose and sniffed, and then pulled them over his head and down around his neck, wearing them like a racehorse with a wreath of flowers after a big win at the track. 

"You do have a thing about wearing women's undergarments, don't you stud?" Rachel laughed as she admired Lute's new adornment. "But they do look good on you, I gotta' admit." 

And they did look good hanging there, she thought. She found it sexy as hell that he was stroking his massive member and wearing her panties around his neck while he watched her touch herself.

"Now, put your foot up here on the bed and show me your sweet cunt," Luther said in a low seductive voice. So stepping forward, Rachel placed a foot on the edge of the bed, giving Lute a nice full view of her wet pussy. And when Rachel spread her labia lips apart for him, Lute was able to see the red insides of her vagina, gaping at him like some otherworldly sea creature.

"It's hard to believe that you fit inside there, isn't it, Lute," Rachel asked as she looked down at her spread pussy. "Are you thinking about how good your big cock is gonna' feel when it gets inside my tight pussy again?"

"Oh, yeah, that's definitely one of the things I've been thinking about," Lute answered as began to shift on the bed. "But the first thing is this - I'm gonna' put my tongue in your pussy and lick that clit. And if I do it right, you're gonna' scream and cum all over my face." And when he said this, he flopped over on the bed and positioned his head at the same level as Rachel's crotch. 

Knowing exactly what to do, Rachel moved forward and knelt on the bed and dropped her crotch onto Lute's face, giving him full purchase of her wet cunt. 

With his head now positioned between her legs, Lute reached up and grabbed Rachel's thighs for leverage, and then plowed his face hungrily into her light brown fur and shoved his tongue into her craven pussy. 

"Oh! Oh, my god, yes!" Rachel gasped as Lute's tongue began lapping on her labia, and then it searched about for the nib of her clitoris. And when he discovered it, Rachel shuddered and moaned, "Oh, yes...yes...yes..., that's it baby, right there!"

Rachel was now stretched out over Lute's torso and within easy reach of his huge fuck stick. So as Lute continued sending her into pre-orgasmic convulsions with his tongue, she began to return the favor on his thick tool, planting her mouth on its big mushroom knob and gasping and sucking as she face-fucked his veiny organ. 

Loving the feel of Rachel's mouth wrapped around his hungry python, Lute lifted his hips and drove it deeper into her mouth, which she greeted with a throaty grunt of erotic pleasure. 

But it wasn't long before Rachel was distracted from fellating Lute's cock, thanks to the cunnilingus action on her pussy that was now moving her towards the next level of pre-orgasmic bliss. Intent on reaching her climax, Rachel relinquished Lute's cock and stretched out her arms to support herself, and then began grinding her ravenous cunt into her lover's face.

"Oh, Luther, I'm gonna' cum, baby, I'm gonna' cum!" Rachel squealed. And with a ferocity that surprised them both, Rachel began to squirt lady juices all over Lute's face and head, quickly drenching him in her liquid love. 

But this didn't slow Lute, because he increased his tongue work on her twat until Rachel jettisoned another stream of liquid that flowed onto his face, over his shoulders, and down onto the bed. But, proving himself a valiant lover, Lute slurped and swallowed Rachel's tangy liquid offerings. 

And to further extend her climax, Lute then spread Rachel's ass cheeks apart and slid two of his fingers into her dripping rear chute, shoving them in as far as her surprised sphincter would allow. And as her asshole acclimated to its intruders, Rachel wailed and spread her legs farther apart, giving Lute's hand deeper access to her dripping ass. The gush of Rachel's juices had made her anus well lubricated, allowing Lute to work his fingers deep inside her, up to their second knuckle. 

"Oh, god, Luther! Oh, my god, yes!" Rachel screamed as her orgasm continued unabated while she kept grinding her drenched pussy onto Lute's face as he reamed her ass with his hand. 

And then pulling Rachel forward, Lute removed his mouth from her sodden pussy and moved himself up towards her rectum, where he began rimming her anus and shoving his rolled tongue up inside her rosy ass cheeks and into her rear love tunnel, which drove Rachel to new heights of delirium.

"Oh, oh, oh, god, yes! Yes! Yes!" Rachel moaned as Lute went where no man had gone before. "Oh, baby, baby, yes! What are you doing to me? Oh, my god!" 

Soon spent and completely marinated in her own juices, Rachel began to gasp and whimper as Lute eased off on his oral gymnastics. Until finally, with long moans, she collapsed onto Lute's sweaty torso and grabbed his still erect cock, giving it some last kisses before she slid down onto the bed, lying on her side and gasping for air. 

Lute extricated himself from Rachel's limbs and maneuvered around on the bed until he was lying next to her. And as Rachel whimpered softly, finally catching her breath, Lute pulled her panties off from around his neck, and using what there was of the skimpy fabric, he wiped off some of Rachel's love juices from his face and hair. 
