 Amber came out of the cabin as I was getting out of the car. She came down the steps of the broad wooden porch as I shut the door. The next couple of seconds were a blur before I had her lithe, muscular body in my arms and our mouths met in a passionate kiss. It had been two months since our explosive first encounter on top of a cliff, and although we had been able to keep in touch by phone and email (including some very interesting mutual masturbation sessions via webcam), this was the first time we'd been able to get our actual hands on each other again. The feel of her body against me, her strong thighs against mine, her firm breasts pressed against my chest, my hands holding her muscular back, and our mouths ravaging each other -- tongues and lips struggling to stimulate and explore, to communicate all of our pent up passion... It should come as no surprise that every inch of me was immediately on fire with desire for her. 

Soon we had turned so that she was pressed back against the side of the car, and my hands were moving up under her T-shirt. Amber squeezed my ass as I began to kiss my way down her neck. I moved my right hand around to undo the front of her shorts. We were in the middle of a forest, in front of a rented cabin; there was no one within miles, and at that moment I meant to have her right there on the hood of the car!

"Oh, I've missed you," she breathed as I kissed her throat. She caressed the front of my jeans with her hand, laughed and said, "And I can tell you've missed me too!" 

Then, with a mischievous gleam in her eyes, she pushed me back a step.

"You know," she smirked, "I don't want you to get the idea that I'm just going to let you fuck me the minute you see me."

"Oh, no?" I smirked right back, reaching out to trace my fingertips over her shirt, right where her hardened nipple was noticeable.

She laughed and swatted my hand away. "You know..." she started. "I think... You'll have to catch me!" 

And with that, she darted off down the dirt road away from the cabin. I didn't even think about not chasing her, but set off at once, sprinting after her.

I soon slowed a bit, though. It had been raining for the last several days, and even now there was a light drizzle filling the sky. The dirt road was really more mud and heavy gravel -- more than a little treacherous. I was in the mood for wild, passionate sex, not a twisted ankle. 

Amber on the other hand seemed to know exactly what she was doing. She'd been staying at the cabin for a couple of days before I'd arrived, so I imagined she'd been running up and down this road several times. She wasn't the kind of woman who'd sit inside all day, even if it was raining.

While I knew that she would eventually let me catch her, I had waited two months already and I wanted to get naked with that athletic body running ahead of me. Plus, there was my inherently competitive spirit. I opened up my stride a bit as I followed her down the road. 

Then, just when I felt like I was closing the gap nicely, she lurched off to the right and started up a foot trail, leading up the hillside at a steep angle. I cursed a bit as I followed, and Amber laughed over her shoulder. The path leveled out after a bit and ran along the hillside above the road. The branches of trees whipped past as I loped along after Amber, gaining a little bit, but very slowly. Suddenly she skidded to a stop and then took off up the hillside again, along a slippery rocky muddy defile. I paused a moment to catch my breath and look over the ascent. Amber was scrambling up the last little bit and slipped down on one knee. Feeling particularly clever, I bounded up the scree by picking and choosing what I hoped were securely planted rocks to use as steps. I closed some of the distance to my quarry, but she was up and running again by the time I got up to the next section of trail. I noticed her hands were muddy.

I had no idea of this trail was actually connected to the one below, though I assumed it was in fact a continuation, and that Amber had simply cut off some loop. She was now running back along the side of the hill above the path we'd taken already, but this ran at a considerably steeper angle.

I noticed that she was slowing down a little. The ground was noticeably muddier now, and she was apparently obliged to be more careful in watching where she was going. Since I could basically follow along after her, I was able to move a bit faster, and was soon catching up. Before long I was almost in range of being able to grab her with one good lunge. Then she abruptly ducked under a thick tree limb thrust out over the trail. With a very sincere, "Crap!" I just barely managed to avoid slamming my face into it. My sudden duck made me lose my footing and I tumbled to the ground. I was very happy that all my martial arts training kicked right in; I found myself rolling over on my shoulder and back on my feet right away. 

My back was now covered in mud and Amber was laughing, twenty yards up the trail. With renewed determination I set out after her.

We reached a shoulder on the hillside and the path turned left to climb a bit more gradually for a short distance. I realized that Amber had a very long cross-country run in mind, so I settled for a loping pace that I knew would keep up with her without wearing me out for what would follow immediately after I caught her. Off to the right, through an opening in the tree line, I saw the adjacent hillside. I thought it was very likely we would soon be running over that slope. I could make out what seemed to be a foot path zigzagging down that hillside, and I began to get a crazy idea.

"You're not getting tired, are you?" Amber called back over her shoulder. I caught a glimpse of her grinning face. She was breaking one of my old track coach's rules: never look back! It slows you down. I put on a bit of extra speed and ignored her question. Soon enough, she made the turn to the right that I had been half-expecting. My footing slipped a bit in the mud as I surged around the corner to follow. We were now going downhill, and through the thick green foliage and the mist I could see glimpses of the trail below us rising very gradually up toward us we ran.

The drizzle began to turn to honest rain, as Amber approached what I knew must be a double back turn on the trail. I looked for what I needed and tried to gauge my timing -- it had to be just right. 

Sure enough, Amber skidded around the corner ahead of me and started down the next section, in my general direction, but now about three yards lower. I reached out and caught the trunk of a young tree and threw myself around it and down, planning to land in front of my prey. The thin branches and wet leaves whipped at my body as I slipped down the slope and the plowed right into Amber! 

Just a second too late to land in front of her, I wound up basically tackling her. Unfortunately, the relatively level area of the trail was at that point only about a foot and a half wide, and the footing was very slick. With a little surprised shriek from her and some kind of annoyed curse from me, we went off the trail and down the hillside rolling together in the soaking wet underbrush. I tried to keep the back of her head cradled in my arms, but the brutal roll down the steep hillside was anything but gentle. At least one large rock left a nice big bruise on my shoulder blade. Then we went over a lip, only about a foot and a half high, and into the section of trail below. Fortunately, this part was much wider, and our descent came to a sudden, if jarring, halt. Unfortunately, this part of the trail was essentially a broad mud puddle two to three inches deep. 

I landed flat on my back with Amber right on top of me. The wind was knocked out of me at the same instant that mud went splashing everywhere. I lay there in the ooze, head reeling, and held Amber's shaking body tightly in my arms. 

"Are you alright?" I finally managed. Then I realized she was shaking from laughing. 

"Now that was fun!" she said as she raised her head to look up at me. She was grinning from ear to ear and she had little spots of mud all splattered over her face. She grabbed my face in both hands and kissed me hard, violently. I responded immediately, returning her kiss and lifting her t-shirt up to get my hands on her naked back. She shifted around, as if to take her top off. I relaxed my hold on her, to let her get into a better position. She broke our kiss, only to grab my lower lip with her teeth and give it a playful tug. As she let my lip go, she brought her knee up and planted it firmly in the middle of my chest. 

Pushing off, she both knocked the air out of me again and was able to launch herself past me, over my head.

I wasn't about to let a sudden lack of oxygen keep me from this minx, though. I twisted around in the mud and caught her ankle as she struggled to get to her feet. Without any hesitation I yanked her backward. Amber went face first into the mud, as I managed to haul myself up on my hands and knees. 

"Where're you going, lover?" I laughed as I planted my left hand firmly in the small of her back and pushed her back down into the squelching ooze. She tried to push herself up, but I leaned down and the mud didn't give her enough purchase to effectively fight. Smiling smugly at my victory, I moved my hand up a bit higher on her back, pushing her breasts deeper into the mud and allowing me to reach around underneath her with my right hand.

I fumbled with the button on her shorts, and then managed to work her zipper down, while she tried to thrash her way out from under my grasp. By now we were both covered in mud from head to foot, front and back. It wasn't easy to do with only one hand, but I managed to pull her shorts and panties down, exposing her firm butt to the rain, which was now pouring down on us. I smacked her ass once, very hard, and saw the muddy handprint wash quickly away, leaving a bright pink one in its place.

"That's for being a tease," I laughed at her squeal of indignation. 

Shifting my hand down again to the small of her back, I twisted around, straddling her back, facing her feet, so that I could work her shorts and panties down and over her muddy socks and shoes. I no longer had any interest in taking the time to untie her shoes. I tossed her shorts and panties off to the side carelessly. As I paused to consider my next move, I spanked her again, eliciting a loud, "Ow!"

"And that's for cheating."

"Cheating?" she squirmed underneath me. I reached back and grabbed a thick bunch of her hair, close to her skull.

"I caught you fair and square and then you tried to get away," I explained as I carefully got off her back and positioned myself on her left side. My hand had a firm grip on her hair. 

"I won't try to get away any more; you can let go of my hair," she pleaded, a bit less than enthusiastically. 

"We'll see about that," I laughed, without releasing my hold on her hair. I reached around with my right hand and, a bit clumsily, pulled her up on her knees. She was face and chest down in the mud, with her firm ass up in the air. Rain was falling on her and running down her legs. For all the mud, or maybe because of it, the scene was amazingly erotic. I wiped my hand off on my shirt, which didn't really help much, and then held it out to rinse off in the rain. Once I was as happy as I was going to be with the lack of grime, I reached down between her legs and ran my fingertips over her pussy lips. I heard a distinct murmur of pleasure from the woman in the mud.

I gently stroked those lips several times before parting them and slipping my fingers lightly between them. Amber was very moist already, though the rain might have had something to do with that. After teasing the mouth of her pussy a bit, I moved my fingers down toward her clit. As I lightly brushed it for the first time, a visible tremor ran through her body. I brushed it again and then returned to her pussy, slowly easing my index finger into her. I worked it in and out a bit, spreading her sweet juices, before pulling my finger out again and running it over her clit, a bit more firmly this time. I was rewarded with a long, low moan from deep within Amber's throat. 

I used two fingers to stroke either side of her clit, gently but firmly. I idly pressed my thumb against her pussy. I smiled as she pushed back against my hand. Obligingly, I pushed my thumb into her. I pressed my fingers against her clit, and began a slow rocking motion with my wrist, working my thumb in and out of her pussy while my fingers rubbed back and forth against her clit.

Amber was soon breathing rapidly and moving her pelvis against my hand. After mere minutes, she was shaking all over and shouting, "Fuck yes!!" while her pussy clenched at my thumb. The orgasm seemed to last longer than the time it had taken to get her there, and I was enthralled watching her body writhing there at my hands in the mud. 

As she slowly came down, I very gradually withdrew my hand and began to fumble with undoing my own jeans, which were, of course, now sopping wet. This was going to take forever, so I decided to risk letting go of Amber's hair.

Sure enough, before my left hand could even make it to my zipper, she made her move! 

Amber lunged forward, lifting herself up out of the mud and turned on me. Instead of bolting up the trail, which would have been very amusing in her bottomless state, she knelt in front of me and quickly unzipped my jeans. Together we pushed them and my underwear down past my butt, freeing my already half-rigid cock at last. With startling passion, she took it into her mouth, all of it in one motion, and began to suck on it.

I found myself watching this gorgeous woman on her hands and knees, mud all over the front of her and splattered all over her face and in her hair, with rain falling down on her as she avidly sucked on my quickly stiffening cock. I didn't have long to admire the spectacle though, for it only took a little work to bring my erection to thick, straining fullness, and, as soon as that was accomplished, Amber released it from her mouth and reached up to take hold of the front of my shirt. 

She basically fell back, with a loud splat, into the mud, pulling me down with her. I fell between her legs and into one of our customary passionate kisses. I felt her hand on my cock as she guided it to where she wanted it most. I completely forgot about the rain, the mud, the fact that my sodden jeans were only half-way down my thighs... as my cock slowly pushed into her tight, amazingly hot pussy. I sank all the way in, and ground my body against hers, stimulating her already excited clit all the more, while continuing our deep kiss.

As I began to work my thick cock in and out of her, I broke our kiss to look down at her lying there in the mud, grinning up at me. Something about the smirk on her face, made me shove harder into her, fucking her more violently than I had ever done with any woman. Amber smiled up at me, as if to say, "Yes, exactly!" and wrapped her legs around my hips to pull me in tighter. With every thrust into her we squelched in the mud.

She closed her eyes tightly and threw her head back as another orgasm exploded, sending shockwaves all through her body. I kept right on pushing in and out of her pussy as it clasped my cock hungrily. She let out a deep moan that was almost a howl, which gradually became a deep throated chuckle. 

Then, almost suddenly, she opened her eyes and pushed me over. She rolled us over, so my back was in the clasping, cold mud. She sat on top of me, impaled upon my cock. She smiled down at me, her hair hanging lank in the rain, mud rinsing down all over her body and onto me. She gently ground herself against me with her palms splayed on my chest for a moment. Then, sitting back a bit, she slowly peeled her soaking wet t-shirt up off her body. She shook her hair out a bit as she tossed her shirt off to land somewhere in the mud.

The sight of this amazing woman -- her hair clumped with mud; brown streaks running down her naked, wet flesh; her firm breasts, with stiffened nipples in the cool, wet air, heaving with arousal; her muscular belly and firm thighs flexing as she rode up and down slowly on the shaft of my cock; and her beautiful face alight with feral lust -- was easily the most erotic of my life to that point. 

Amber leaned forward, her hands resting on each of my shoulders, her hair hanging down in bedraggled locks around her face, as she began to rock back and forth on me. I ran my hands up and down her bare back, watching the gleaming passion in her glorious eyes, as she worked my sex to a fevered level of arousal with the muscles of her pussy. As I felt my need for release growing, my hands moved to take a firm hold of her waist and I began to lift her and push her down on me. My jaw was clenched tight as I felt my own orgasm approaching, and Amber was actually growling in the back of her throat with each thrust. 

Then, it was upon me. My entire body clenched and thrust, as if it was all trying to get up inside Amber through sheer force of will. I held her down against my body while I shot what felt like a geyser of hot cum up inside her. As I did so, she tumbled into her own orgasm, shaking and trembling on top of me, clawing at my shoulders and chest through my wet, muddy shirt. Her back was arched, her head down on my chest, her wet hair in my face, and my eyes were staring up into the cloudy sky. At some point in the last few minutes the rain had stopped.

She was shaking with silent laughter again. I slowly moved my head down, once again aware that I was lying in a pool of mud. She slowly raised her head to look at me. She wore a Cheshire grin of pure glee. 

"Now," she said, "that was really fun!"

My own laughter erupted in the open air. We held each other laughing there in the mud for quite a while before bothering to consider hauling ourselves down the hill to the cabin and a hot shower.