 Chapter 2. The Massage

If I have to use one word to describe my relationship with Niena after she performed one of the most memorable blow job of my life, it would be indescribable.

We are definitely not dating or together in any terms, she made that abundantly clear after that night, saying that she is not really looking for a serious relationship for now. On the other hand, she is not seeing other guys after she broke up with Klaas, which I take as a good sign. She and I joked as usual, hugged and kissed as usual, but aside from that there are no further actions of endearment. And it is not like I have not been trying. Ever since that last blowjob I have been greatly encouraged. I tried every chance I can to establish physical intimacy. A hug from behind next to kitchen table, or a kiss before we leave for work seems acceptable to her, but any time I progress to her chest or lower abdomen, I was met with a gentle push away or a firm grasp on my wrist.

"No sorry I am not in the mood." Who would have thought that seven little words would become the source of all my frustration, anxiety and insecurity? My mind immediately opted for the worst-case scenario, that she regretted that night, that nothing essentially changed between I and her, that soon again a new Klaas will show up and I have to brace myself for that.

It was with this mood that I entered our Sunday cleaning session. Sunday was the day we cleaned our apartment. While I am not famous for my cleaning skills, Niena is generally quite competent in cleaning and directing how to clean. So quite naturally I became her lovely assistant. Cleaning makes her very happy, but it also inevitably makes her very tired. This weekend we had a lot to clean given that we just removed our Christmas tree, and leaves and twigs were everywhere. For a whole afternoon we cleaned the apartment from top to bottom, it was until 7 o'clock that we were finally done, and were eating a pizza with gin tonics.

"God I am exhausted. I feel like my arms might fall off and my wait would dislocate from my spine." Niena complained loudly, with half a pizza in her mouth.

"Well," I commented " Sorry love but this is your fault. You bent down too much when you clean."

"Yeah, and someone ogres my caboose too much when I was cleaning. " Niena laughed " If you spent half of the time you used looking at my ass in cleaning, we would have been done a lot faster."

"Well sorry I am a guy. "I faked a tone that sounded like I was greatly wronged " and you do have a nice ass." I added with a smile.

" Oh how much do I love you." Niena shook her head. I was thinking to myself: "if you love me then why did we stop fucking", when Niena suddenly stopped talking, an exhale of pain interrupting her sentence.

"Damn, now I have muscle spasms." She said, with clear pain in her voice.

"Let me take a look." I approached, very concerned. "Does it hurt here?" I placed my hand on the muscle between her shoulder blade and her spine.

"Yes right there." She sounds surprised. "How did you know?"

"Well I am a pretty good masseur with some experience. Your problem is textbook." I shrugged and suddenly realize the potential lying before me. "I mean if you want I can give you a massage, should be able to alleviate the pain right away. We do have massage oil in the house. " I tried my very best to sound as nonchalantly as possible, suppressing the excitement and hope in my voice.

"A massage? I don't know. "she looked at me sheepishly, clearing suspecting something. " It always tickles me, and you have been trying a lot of funny business lately." Damn this girl is smart and onto me!

"Well Niena darling," I decided to pull out the big gun. I sat next to her and held her hand, using my sincerest voice and most innocent looks (she always says that whenever I gave her that look I reminded her of a pug that she loves)." I am just trying to help. It bugs me that you are in pain. And all this time you have known me, when have I failed you?" I looked at her with a beseeching look, hope that she did not notice that I danced around the "funny business" issue and just focused on the massage.

"Am I to be naked? "She asked.

" It is not necessary but I would work best if you are." I answered honestly, quite nervous to her answer.

She frowned a bit, making up her mind, and then said: "ok fine. Can you give me a minute, I want to shower first."

"Sure, take all the time you need. "I was so happy that she said yes and almost had trouble keeping my voice calm.

While she was inside showing, I began to prepare her room. I put a large beach towel down on her bed to prevent oil and other liquid from smearing her covers. I lit some candles, put down the drape, disconnected the phone and turned up the heat. I also put the oil in a small bowl and put the bowl in warm water, so that the cold sensation would not startle her. Last but not least, I stripped down to my underpants. It is a good thing that I have been working out these days and was in pretty good shape. While I folded up my jeans and put it in her chair, I slid a condom in the back pocket in case I get lucky. The moment I was done with my preparations, the bathroom room door opened and Niena walked out with a towel around herself. The water vapor made her blush, and her wet brown hair clung to her chest. She looked like Lady of the Lake, hauntingly beautiful.

She was a bit startled that I was already half naked, but soon curiosity was replaced by an appraising smile. It seems that she liked what she saw.

"So, Guru Rudie," She asked and sat down on the edge of the bed " How do we proceed?"

"You may want to remove the towel and then lay face down on your pillow. Let me know when you are ready." I turned away to grab the oil. For a while there was only silence, and I half expected her to change her mind. Yet eventually I heard the towel drop on the floor and her fumbling on her bed. Soon she spoke to me dreamily, her voice muffled by the pillow "OK, I am ready."

I took a deep breath, and turned around.

Even though the sun was mostly blocked by the curtain, a few arrays of light broke through and shined on her body. Due to the fact that she just showered, a little water steam was still arising from her skin. She looked like she was made of marble and had no poles. Her ass is like a peach, soft and perky, with a rosy shade on it. Her legs are long for her body, firm and muscular. Between her legs, half hidden, was a little pink cavity, perfectly shaved. Her labia opened up in a subtle inviting way. I swallowed and suddenly felt very thirsty.

I started with a normal therapeutically massage, starting around her spine and her shoulder. She was ticklish at first, especially when I massage the side of her body. The combination of my touch and the flowing of oil around her skin was a lot to take at first, but she soon got used to it. When I moved to her legs, intentionally avoiding her ass and genital area, she is already totally immersed in pleasure, occasionally letting out a small mourn even. This went on for about 20 minutes, and I can feel her whole body relaxing as all the tension was gone. Trying my luck, I lingered around the bottom of her leg, the side of my hands occasionally grazing across her pussy lips. What I felt was moisture and an encouragingly low mourn, like the purring of a cat. I decided to go for it.

I scooped up a handful of oil and carefully aimed for her ass creek. Wonderful vanilla oil rolled down her check, across her beautiful little puckered hole which is twitching to the sensation, and guided by her labia, flowed towards her entrance like river meeting a dam.

"You have a lot of tension down here." I asked quietly " I can help with that."

She did not reply, she just took a deep breath and nodded.

The tip of my finger slid across her vagina, locating both the clitoris and the entrance. Her pussy was pink like a virgin and her entrance seemed very tight. I positioned my index finger at her entrance, and very gently slid it in.

"Ohhh Rudie!" I can feel her tense up and I gently cooed her, "It is okay babe. You are doing so well babe."

Dear lord she is tight, and warm and wet. I can feel her vaginal muscle clamping around my fingers, and I cannot even bend my fingers. Niena made a squeaky noise, which at first made me worry if I was hurting her. But instead she spread her leg a bit wider, and lifted her lower body up in the bed to give me better access, I took it as a good sign and continued, trying to bend my fingers downwards to a little curve to find her magic spot.

I have known for a long time that tantric massage is a lot like normal massage, as vaginal muscles are instinctively tight and flexed at first, but will eventually loosen up after touching and pressing. After five minutes of my finger moving in and out of her, Niena seemed much more at ease. A mixture of juice and oil is making my movement much easier. Her juice is creamy and clear, not sticky and very fluid. Every time I slid my finger out, a few drops got carried out and ooze slowly down her crotch. Soon she was well lubed that I could slid my middle finger in as well, and my fingers curved down, searching for the prize.

Her G spot is not deep, about two thirds of a finger down her vagina. When I pressed the little spongy wall she arched back her back, widening her butt cheek, and purred a long, out-of-breath "ahhhhhhhh" in the air.

"There, doctor, I think I need some extra work there." She smiled with her eyes closed.

I didn't need to be told twice. I quickened my paced, my fingers quickly tickling her spot. She was growing restless, and as her breath quickened my touches also quickened. She was so wet and her pussy was making sloshy noises under my fingers.

All of a sudden, she tensed up, her hands grabbing the tower and I can feel her vaginal muscle in spasm. Niena let out a long but not constant moan, her voice broke by the waves of pleasure. Underneath her, the towel was wet and damp as flows of juice slowing rolled down.

This sight almost flipped me over. With a boner hard as steel, it took all I could do not to ride her like a mustang right there right now. However I was not done with her yet.

I slapped her on the ass and said "flip over and sit up." she was still breathing heavily after the post orgasm bliss, and reluctantly complied.

I sat back against the bed board, opening my legs. She lied back, with the same positon, against my chest. It is like she was leaning on an armchair with a man as her cushion.

I reached for her breast from beneath her shoulder. I have known them from our previous encounter. Her nipples were already hard, and the oil and her soft breasts can make any man forget about all his dreams and ambition, and just bury his head between them and rub it in. I played and tweaked with her nipple, making her ticklish and laughing. She could definitely feel my raging boner from the small of her back, and wiggled teasingly to get some revenge.

Eventually my hands moved to her naval and further down her lower abdomen. She spread her legs apart like an eagle, her hands holding her knees up in the air, her head lying on my chest, blushing furiously, while I gently pulled her labia apart like treating a spring flower, and revealed her clitoris.

Her clit is the perfect resemblance of a pearl. It was not big, but quite round, pink as the rest of her genitals. Her clit fold skin was also not long, barely covering the clit. With my left index finger and thumb, I formed a ring, circling the clit and the upper labia, and with my right hand, I started to draw a shape around her clit with my right index finger, the shape of infinity, or the shape of a Arabic number 8 put horizontally.

I paced myself, not too fast, not too slow, just gently dancing around her clit. Niena was in such an aroused state now, her juice was slowly flowing out of her hole like a wicked white chocolate fountain.

"You feel this ring of finger, babe?" I purred at her, gently sucking at her ear lobe and the back of her beck. "Inside there is pleasure babe, inside there is orgasm."

"Faster." She said quietly.

"I am sorry I did not hear you." I teased

" Faster." She said a bit louder, this time with a bit of urgency in the tone. " Please."

"Why, you wish is my command." I stopped doing the dance of fingers, and put her pearl between my right index and middle finger, and started rubbing my fingers together, accelerating faster and faster.

She laid her head on my shoulder. I can hear her heart racing. Her legs spread so wide that you can see her pussy so clearly. Her lower body keeps twitching. The sensation and the upcoming orgasm fears her, but she could not escape the fingers. No matter how she twisted and arched her back, the fingers were not leaving her, they just kept bullying her little pearl, putting oil on it, pressing it, flicking it, rolling it.......

And finally, Niena came.

"OHHHHHHHHH RUDIE! " She shouted so loud that the neighbors must have heard us.

Her pussy and her asshole were twitching open and shut furiously, like a fish gasping for water. For some reasons, it reminded me of Edward Munch's painting The Screamer. Her juice was free flowing. She was not a squirter but it is like a water tap is opened. Clean, slightly white juice is gushing out, making the room smell like rich cream.

"Get up and come here." I commanded, as she lied atop of me, almost passed out. My plan was not to give her any time to rest, I wanted to keep her orgasm nonstop.

I dragged over her chair and put it on her warm woolen carpet. I went over to her bed and picked her up like a princess, the orgasms have already rendered her motionless. I put her down on the carpet, then sat on the chair, lifted her knees so they are hanging on my knees, and opened her leg.

This is an unusual position for fingering but I decided to go a bit adventurous today. The scent of her orgasm drove me crazy and restless. This would have worked better on the back of a sofa, but I guess I will have to make do.

So there she is, my beautiful Niena, upper body lying on the floor, lower body in the air, in front of the chair being held up by me, her pussy vertically above her breasts, opening like a lustful lotus for me.

"You are the devil." She smirked, yet an uncontrollable excitement in her voice. 

"Oh yes that I am." I smiled down at her from her pussy, the smell is driving me crazy me. " I am gonna burn."

I slid two fingers in her pussy, and the thumb of my other hand starts to furiously rub on her pussy. My experience tells that this position is not meant to last long. Before all the blood rushed to her brain, I would make her cum as much as possible.

In a matter of minutes, she was cumming again, unable to withhold the simultaneous stimulation of clit and g-sot, her pussy twitching insanely. When the pleasure came she almost wiggled free like a fish into the ocean, her legs shoots straight into the air and her hands grasping aimlessly. Yet I did not stop after the orgasm, my fingers are drilling deeper and my right index and thumbing rolling and pulling at her clit. Within two minutes she came again.

"Ahhhhhh kill me now." She screamed, her pussy juice so overflowing that they dripped on her boobs. 

I was close to my own edge. Almost one hour of watching this insanely hot woman cumming was making me sensitive to the slightest touch. I do not plan to fuck her today. No, I will wait until I can do it nice and slow, right now I need a quick release.

I let her leg down and put her on the floor, I then threw off my underpants, my soldier jumping eagerly out to salute its mistress. I lied down next to her in opposite direct, spread her leg, used her leg as pillow, and spread her lips.

Niena quickly caught my drift. Just as I started to gently perform cunninglingus on her oh-so-wet pussy, she stuffed my penis down her mouth like a sausage.

Her pussy smells so delicious. Wet and slippery, I run the tip of my tongue from her clit all the way to her asshole, and then always the way back. She tastes like salted cream. Down under, my body shivers as the tip of her tongue meets the tip of my penis.

"Suck my clit please, I am so close." She asked squeamishly.

I gladly obeyed, rolling her pearl under the tip of my tongue like a kid sucking on a lollipop, sometimes shoveling my tongue down her pussy to taste the nectar deep within. Her soft leg wrapped around me, forming a luxurious pillow. Down under where I cannot see, her lips sucked furiously as her tongue tickled my opening.

She came first. I can feel her whole body tense up all of a sudden, and her pearl grow hot under my tongue. Her legs were shaking and her muscles contradicted against my tongue. I came seconds later, fighting a losing battle against her magic tongue, and unloaded myself into her mouth.

Five minutes later, we were gently kissing on bed, tasting each other's essence off each other's mouth.

"Well," She caressed my face. "That was one hell of a stress release."

"I can think of better ways. "I smiled "One that requires less hands and more waist movement."

She giggled.

"Not today love. If I come any more I will have trouble walking." She said "But what are you imagining? Care to share?"

"Oh I have a very vivid imagination. "I leaned in to kiss her deeply. And we tangled together into a dreamless warm sleep.