 Finally, a chance to catch Sam alone. George had been waiting three weeks since his last encounter with the hot 18 year old living downstairs, and some nights he imagined he could still taste her pussy on his lips. Then again, other nights, he ended up convincing himself that the two of them had not really gone down on each other on two separate occasions. Tonight, though, he was determined to figure out just what the hell was going on. His wife, Jenny, was out at a study session till 10:00 and he knew Sam would be home all night.

George heard Sam coming home, and rushed to the dining room. This was going to be easier than he thought – instead of going to her room, Sam threw her bag down and slumped at the dining room table. She was wearing a short skirt and a loose top and George almost forgot what he came here to do. George was about to start on the topic that had been on his mind for more than a month when he realized that Sam was not really paying attention.

"What's up?" asked George, and nothing could prepare him for Sam's response.

"It's my dildo," said Sam matter-of-factly. "It's just not cutting it. I need something...bigger."

"Oh," stammered George, "I see..."

"I think you could help, though," said Sam with a furrowed brow, as if trying to remember something. "I think I remember that you had something I liked...something that could just do the trick."

Before George could answer, Sam finished her thought/

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure that your gorgeous cock – you remember, the one I sucked a few weeks ago – would be a great improvement over my wimpy little dildo."

George agreed, but instead of words all her could say was "Hmm?"

"It takes you a while, doesn't it?" said Sam with an evil grin. Placing both her hands on the table, Sam drew herself up to her full 5'3" height. "I guess I'll have to do this all myself," she said to herself, and climbed upon the table.

Sam's low scooped top fell open as she stalked toward George, her full breasts hanging free. George licked his lips, salivating in anticipation of the luscious fruit he had dreamed about. If Sam's appearance wasn't already catlike enough, she emitted a low "Prrrrrr" as she seductively crawled along the table toward George.

"Like what you see?" she teased, stopping for a moment to admire her own breasts and give a nipple a firm tug. George only nodded, and Sam resumed eye contact and crawled the rest of the way to him.

Sam sat back in front of George, her pussy level with his face, and looked down with a reproachful look. "I never liked this shirt on you." And with that, she ripped it off in one motion. This time it was Sam's turn to lick her lips. She could tell he had a nice body, but this was beyond her imagination. Since George hadn't been having sex and did not get a chance to vent off his frustration any other way, he had been working out five times a week – and it showed. Sam lustfully took in the sight of his toned arms, but what really made her wet was George's hard chest and six pack abs. Sam reached out and softly moaned as she ran her hand down his smooth chest. She felt each ripple of his abs, letting out an audible "Mmm" over each hump, then finally pausing just at the top of his pants.

Locking eyes with George, Sam snaked her hands down into his pants. "Forgot your underwear today?" she asked coyly. "Hmm...guess that makes two of us." And with that Sam sat back and placed both of her ankles on George's shoulder. Taking his eyes off of hers for the first time, George looked straight ahead and saw the same shaved pussy he had licked a couple of weeks ago – and every night in his dreams since. Reaching out and caressing Sam's perfect ass cheeks, George pulled her toward him and sunk his tongue deep into her pussy in one motion.

"Gawwwwd, I have needed that," moaned Sam. "That tongue of yours can work wonders...god damn..."

George heard her but was too busy flicking her clit and plunging two fingers deep in Sam's pussy to really care. Sam laid her head back on the table, her feet wrapping around George's back while grinding her pussy against his fingers. George increased the intensity of his tonguing, lapping up Sam's pussy juices and sliding two fingers in and out of her, and soon recognized the same reaction she had had the last time he was in this position. Sam became rigid and bit her lower lip as her pussy spasmed around George's tongue.

After taking a minute to catch her breath, Sam sat up and pulled George's face to hers. Sam's tongued probed every surface of George's mouth, their tongues intertwining and darting back and forth. "Mmmm," purred Sam as she pulled away, "I just love tasting myself."

"I don't mind so much either," replied George, this time with a coy smile of his own. "Didn't you mention something about needed a replacement dildo? Think I can audition?"

"I think you're up for the task," quipped Sam, looking down at George's cock sticking straight up and out of his pants.

Sam got up and took George by the hand. Leading him to the couch, Sam sat down and pulled her skirt up around her waist. George's cock grew harder, if possible, as he soaked in the sight of her glistening, shaved, 18 year old pussy. Sam sat up and pulled her shirt over her head, releasing her firm, 36D tits.

"One last thing," she said as she reached up to drop George's pants completely.

"Name it."

"You better fuck me hard and long with that huge cock of yours or you'll never get to see this pussy again."

George didn't have to be told twice, but Sam convinced him she was serious by devouring his cock in one motion. After three strokes, Sam release George's cock and laid back onto the couch. George knelt down, positioning his cock head against Sam's pussy lips. Rubbing his cock up and down the length of Sam's pussy, George relished the sight of Sam squirming as he had squirmed so many nights before.

"Come on, fuck me already you bastard," breathed Sam as she tried to push her pussy down onto George's dick. George held firmly onto her hips, not letting her get any closer until he was ready.

"Tell me how much you want it, little girl," prodded George.

Sam opened her eyes, stopped squirming, and looked George straight in the eye. "I want to feel that long, smooth, hard cock of yours deep inside my wet pussy. Fill me up, George. I need your dick NOW!"

George was ready.

In one smooth motion, George plunged his cock into Sam's pussy, finally coming to rest on her cervix. Both George and Sam moaned loud and long as they lay there in each other's arms. For George, the closest thing to this was when he first fucked a virgin Jenny, but even then she wasn't this tight. George knew that Sam was experienced enough to know what to do, but the glove of a pussy she had was so tight it was all he could do to hold off cumming.

Sam, though, didn't have a problem cumming, and so she did – her juices streamed down George's cock as her legs shook and she dug her nails into George's shoulders. When both of them had caught their breath, George slowly pulled out his cock, the head nearly coming out of Sam's pussy, and then plunged his cock deep into her pussy again. Sam was in heaven at this point as she let out one long string of expletives after another. "Shit fuck ass mother fucking cock fucker FUCKING DAMN!!!" With each new word George's cock twitched. Jenny never talked like this. Jenny never fucked like this. George leaned down and sucked a hard, pink nipple into his mouth, making Sam moan even louder. Starting to increase his pace, George grabbed Sam's hips and started to slam her into him, their pelvises meeting with so much force his ass was starting to shake. Each thrust served as a pause in Sam's shouts: "OH-MY-FUCK-ING-GOD-YOUR-COCK-FEELS-SO-FUCK-ING-GOOD"

George couldn't take any more. When George heard Sam's breathing grow shallow again, he sped up his pumping. Just as Sam's legs went rigid and she started to spasm around his cock, George let out an animalistic groan as torrents of cum spewed deep into Sam's tight cunt. Both George and Sam collapsed into each other, their sweaty bodies sliding against each other, George's still hard cock still firmly inside of Sam's pussy.

"Did I pass my audition?" asked George slyly, his tongue snaking out to lick Sam's neck.

"You just might get a call-back," replied Sam, and she pulled George's mouth to hers and kissed him deeply.