 A young woman sat in a chair in a waiting room reading a magazine. She sighed, flipping the pages, and getting impatient as she looked at her watch. She had been waiting for at least ten minutes and wasn't the most patient of people.

Her long wavy brown hair was tied back in a messy bun, exposing the small cross tattoo on the back of her neck. Her green eyes glanced around the waiting room. There were thousands of drawings and pictures plastered to the walls. A big, burley man-probably a biker guy- was sitting in another chair, reading the newest issue of Hardcore Ink Magazine. She looked down at her pleated black skirt she had chosen to wear today and to her legs, smooth, supple skin that seemed to go on for miles.

She crossed her legs in a lady-like fashion and looked over to the girl sitting at the desk, Zoë. Zoë smiled at her and looked at the clock, shrugging her shoulders. "Sorry Veronica, I don't know what's keeping him." Zoë sighed.

Veronica groaned, and started playing with one of the pyramids on her 3-pyramis belt. She grabbed a different magazine and started flipping through the pages; until she heard the light electric buzz from the tattoo gun stop and someone clear their throat in the back room.

She put the magazine on the table beside her and crossed her arms over her blood red corset top, glaring at the door to the back room. It wasn't until a few minutes later when a pretty girl with long, curly blonde hair and big blue eyes came out. Her eyes though, were a bit reddened, 'probably from crying,' Veronica thought, 'wimp'. She paid Zoë at the counter, smoothed her fitted light blue hip-huggers and baby-pink shirt that said 'Blondes have more fun' and walked slowly out the door.

"Now I've seen everything." Veronica laughed to Zoë, who nodded, chuckling at bit to herself. 

It was then when Veronica turned her attention to the door leading to the back room. A man was standing in the doorway. He was tall, a bit over 6 feet. His hazel eyes smiled at Veronica as she got up and started towards him. His hair was black and almost wavier than Veronica's was. His name was Knox, and every time Veronica saw him, her knees went weaker, mouth became watery and sometimes her panties dampened. He was her tattoo artist for nearly a year, and Veronica had wanted him since the day she had seen him. His face had chiseled features, strong and manly. Lips, full and cherub-like were curved into a slight smirk.

"Hey, you." Knox chuckled, his deep voice breaking the silence of the waiting room.

"What took you so long?" Veronica asked, hugging Knox. She loved getting hugs from him, it was like their bodies seemed to weld together perfectly and he smelled so good.

"It took me about fifteen minutes just to even get near her with the stupid gun, then, I had to stop about six times so she could calm down from crying." Knox replied, leading her into a different back room. One Veronica never had been in before.

"So what did the Pretty Princess get?" Veronica asked.

"Butterfly on her ankle, small one too. Only about two by two inches." he chuckled. "It was hysterical."

"I bet." Veronica smiled.

"Sorry we have to be in here and not the other one," Knox sighed, "John needs our usual room for that biker guy outside, he's going to be there for a while."

"Oh okay." Veronica replied, sitting down in the chair, and leaning her head back to rest on the back of it.

"So what are we doing today?" Knox had asked, before she sat her head back up and looked at him, giving him a picture of a red long-stemmed rose. Dew was dripping off of the petals and down the stem. "And this is going?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. She bit her lip, knowing he was going to make one of his comments when she told him.

"The inside of my thigh," Veronica replied, boldly. "My right thigh." she added quickly, biting her lip. This was her first tattoo on her legs and she knew that it would probably hurt... a lot.

Knox looked at her, his eyes darkening as he looked at her legs, his own mouth watering, wondering what she tasted like. Regretfully tearing those thoughts away from his mind, he changed his look to a mischievous smirk, "Hot." he winked. Veronica giggled, and shook her head.

"So how are we going to do this?" she asked, shifting in the chair and not keeping her eyes off of Knox. He thought for a moment before answering that she would have to take off her skirt and that they would go from there.

"I'm going to go put this on temp. paper and then we'll get started when I come back." he mumbled, looking at the picture Veronica had drawn and walking out of the room.

Veronica stood up, and walked around the small room, looking at pictures of other people's tattoos as she undid her belt, tossing it on the floor next to the chair. Her face reddened, just thinking about Knox seeing her in nothing but her black lacy boy-shorts panties and corset top. Rolling her eyes, she laughed at herself when the thought of 'Lady Marmalade' popped into her head.

She slipped her skirt off, looking into the mirror and grinning. She had to admit, she had a great body, supple curves, her breasts weren't too big or too small, her bum had the perfect curve some women would die for and her flat, toned stomach-though covered by her top at the moment- was ideal for any woman. Her upper arms were graced with elegant, intricate designs, that Veronica had drawn herself. And of course, her lower back was decked with a lovely tribal tattoo that Knox had drawn especially for her, her initials in the center of it. On each wrist, were the initials of her brother and sister, whom she kept close to her heart, around their initials were elaborate designs, encircling her wrist and twisted and crept down the back of her hands, also drawn by her and Knox. 

Her mother had always told her that the tattoos had taken away from her beauty; more was focused on the ink on her body than her personality and face. Veronica sighed, placing her hands on her hips; she and her mother had always fought about her appearance, though. Veronica didn't care about what other people thought about her tattoos. They were art, just on her body and Veronica was an artist so, why not? 

"I'm ba-" Knox said as he entered the room, to find Veronica there. He couldn't finish his sentence because of the way she looked; like something he had never seen in his life. His mouth watered and he felt himself grow a bit hard, looking at her so he decided to clear his throat and think about Christmas shopping or something stupid like that.

Veronica sat on the chair, waiting for instruction. "How do you want me?" she asked, Knox had to replay what she said in his mind twice before figuring out what she was talking about.

"Umm, just... hmm." Knox thought about it, not keeping his eyes off of her. 

She smirked, noticing his discomfort. "Is the great Knox at a loss for words?" she teased, crossing her legs. He rolled his eyes at her and sat in his roller chair. Knox reached behind him, grabbing a black beanie-cap and pulling it on over his head, to make sure his hair didn't fall in his eyes and distract him.

"Spread 'em." his voice came out raspy and a bit strained. Veronica bit at her bottom lip, timidly parting her legs for Knox. He grinned to himself, as she did so, wanting to touch her through her panties; to feel the lace under his fingers.

"Okay now what?" she asked, Knox didn't answer but placed the temp where he thought she wanted it. "No not there," Veronica blurted out; it was too close to her knee. "It needs to go higher."

"Higher?" Knox asked, eyebrows rose. Veronica nodded. Knox sighed, placing at rose a little higher on her thigh before Veronica got frustrated and moved it herself. The petals of the rose were about two inches below where her bikini line was and Knox gulped, looking up at Veronica.

"There." she said, smiling. Knox nodded, applying the temporary tattoo for a guide, the cold water made Veronica giggle and shift slightly in her seat.

"Like that huh?" Knox taunted, wriggling his eyebrows as he rubbed the cold rag up and down the paper over her skin. Veronica rolled her eyes, biting her lip to keep from letting out any kinds of sounds. It did feel good. Really good.

"Alrighty." Knox sighed, peeling the paper back to reveal the almost finished product. It still had to dry, so Knox lightly blew hot air on the area, making sure to get as close as possible.

Veronica's breath hitched in her throat as he did this, gripped the arms of the chair, hoping he couldn't smell her getting wet for him. His breath was warm on her skin and boy did it feel great. Knox grinned when he heard her breath hitch, and decided to push her a little farther, 'accidentally' blowing hot air over her lace covered lips, which made her tense up, he heard the leather on the chair being gripped and decided t stop teasing and to get back to work.

"Is it dry yet?" Veronica asked quietly as he ran a finger up the rose, making sure it was dry. She closed her eyes, savoring the moment of the feeling.

"You alright?" Knox asked, smirking. Veronica glared at him, her eyes darkened with lust.

"Fine, just nervous because I know its going to hurt." she played off

Knox grinned, coming up close her ear and whispering, "Don't worry, I'll be gentle.". Veronica playfully pushed him away, mock-glaring at him. "Besides, I have to kiss it and make it better when we're done." he shrugged, biting back a smile.

Veronica's stomach did a flip-flop when he had said that. She forgot all about the 'kiss to make it better'. A tradition Knox had whenever he gave a woman a tattoo; he would kiss it at the end to 'make it feel better'. She bit her lip, watching his sleek back muscles strain against the black cotton t-shirt he was wearing, lowering her gaze to his arms, each having a ¾ sleeve of tattoos on them. She loved his tattoos; every single one. She knew there were ones on his back and abdomen, but never saw them herself; the only ones she had seen before were the ones on his arms and calves. She shook her head, removing her mind from his toned legs and the thought of his bare chest and back.

"Okay, brace yourself." Knox cleared his throat as he turned around. Veronica nodded her head, spreading her legs just a bit wider so he could start working.

About fifteen minutes into the job, Knox stopped and glared up at Veronica, who was clutching onto the arm of the chair and biting her bottom lip.

"Stop." he grunted, finishing the outline. He was ready to add the colors, so he turned away and changed needles.

Veronica looked at him with a confused face; she didn't know what she was doing wrong. "Stop what?" she asked him. He continued to glare at her, shifting in his seat and clearing his throat again before bending back down to continue to work.

Veronica grunted from the pain; but it was such a good pain. She liked the actual receiving of a tattoo, simply for the feeling; sometimes it even got her off. Knox hit a sensitive spot, making her gasp and bite her bottom lip, clenching her eyes shut, only partially from the pain.

Knox again, suddenly stopped and glared up at her, eyes darkening with something, was it... lust? "Please Veronica." he grunted, "Stop, it's distracting and I have to finish this."

Veronica suddenly understood what was distracting him; her making noises. Without warning, Knox went back to work, getting a surprised yelp from Veronica; he smirked to himself, serves her right he thought.

"Damnit Knox!" Veronica snapped at him, drawing her brows together "You could have warned me, you know." he acted as if he could not hear her and continued working, leaning a bit closer and very discretely, smelling her sex. He sighed, loving her smell, wishing he could just stop and taste her.

Veronica suddenly got an evil idea, and changed her angry face to a mischievous one as she leaned back into the black, leather dentist-style chair, spreading her legs a bit wider and let out another sigh, arching her back just so and making small grunts and moans. Knox looked quickly up at her, to see she was smiling up to the ceiling, clearly trying to piss him off today.

"Oh," she gasped, "Oh Knox, you're so good at this..." she moaned, reaching behind her and gripping the back of the chair, arching her back more. Knox just laughed, shaking his head and not stopping.

Veronica continued to whimper and giggle, secretly loving the good pain Knox was giving her. How she wanted him so badly right then and there, she didn't care if someone walked in, she just wanted him, all of him. Now.

"Okay, finished." Knox said, getting up and stretching his back out. He went to go get some solution to rub off the temp under the finished product and came back, gently rubbing the inside of Veronica's thigh in small circles. This time she was silent, watching his fingers work along her thigh; she nibbled her lip.

"Alright, now for the kiss." he smirked, leaning down and placing his soft lips gently up against the very end of the step part. Now, normally, that would be the end of the kiss to make it better, but, when he heard Veronica let out a whimper, a real whimper from his touch and her body tense up, he began kissing up the rose tattoo. Knox felt her fingers pull at his beanie-cap and run through his hair, and that sent him to the edge of self control; he held onto her hips, kissing the delicate tattoo with more pressure, slightly tasting her skin with his teasing tongue.

"Knox" Veronica whispered, arching her back. 

He worked his way up the rose, ending at the tip of the petals and brushing his lips against her lace-covered sex. This made her shudder and moan, arching her back and pant heavily. "Shit, Veronica, I want to taste you so bad." he moaned, nipping at the edge of the lace on her bikini line. "I've wanted to taste you for so long."

"Oh fuck." she moaned, running her hands over her breasts, wanting him to get to it and stop teasing her. She reached behind her and locked the door, looking down at him, both of their eyes, covered in lust, want, and emotions that couldn't be explained.

Knox crawled up her body, crashing his lips upon hers, nipping at her bottom lip and sliding his tongue past her lips, tasting the warm, smooth insides of her mouth. Veronica moaned into the kiss, realizing it was better than she could have imagined. She felt his hands crawl up her sides and over her breasts. Knox groaned into her mouth, pulling back quickly to breathe and attacking her neck with kisses and bites.

"Oh... my..." Veronica whimpered, feeling his fingers brush over her panties. She heard a rip, realizing he had torn her underwear off her skin and started rubbing the bundle of nerves with a quickening pace.

He crawled his way back down her body; spread her legs wide for him as well as her reddened folds, slowly using his tongue to make patterns. Knox dug his tongue into her clit, making her shiver and whimper, bucking her hips slightly into him. Veronica felt as if she was floating on air, crying out his name and grabbing at the stiff material of her corset. She felt the bruises starting to occur on her upper thighs from it, but pushed the feeling aside as Knox started tongue-fucking her, tasting her juices as she climaxed minutes later, cumming all over his face.

He licked her folds clean as she shuddered from aftershocks and the feeling of his tongue once more. "You taste amazing." Knox rasped, brushing his lips on hers before attacking them with a bruising force, shoving his tongue into her mouth. Tasting herself on his tongue, Veronica moaned, grabbing the back of his head and bit his bottom lip harder than she planned, which made him growl into her mouth and bring her up from the chair, flipping them so he was seated with her straddling his lap.

Veronica pulled back slowly, grinning evilly at Knox and sliding off his lap. "You know what I have wanted to do for a long time?" she asked silkily, running her fingers down his jean-clad thighs.

Knox gulped, shaking his head in a no fashion and watched at she slowly unclasped the little clasps of her corset, when finished, letting it fall to the floor, exposing her milky-white orbs. Knox cleared his throat, running his fingers through his hair, trying to keep focus as she knelt before him and smiled.

"I've wanted to taste you for a long time, as well." she said quietly, slightly blushing at her boldness. Knox raised his eyebrows, shocked by the words coming out of her mouth and swallowed hard. He watched silently as she slowly undid his jeans, sliding them off his body, leaving him only in his gray plaid boxers.

"Oh hell..." he sighed, as Veronica kissed her way down his 'happy-trail', gently tugging on the elastic of his boxers. He felt his stomach muscles clench as the boxers found their way to the floor, leaving his erect member standing at attention, waiting for the eager lips and tongue of Veronica.

"Mmm, big boy, huh?" she teased, indicating his 9 inch, thick cock. She dragged her tongue across the head of his cock, getting a well-earned grunt as she took as much of him in her mouth as she could, pumping her lips up and down his length, massaging him with her tongue. He grunted and moaned, bucking his hips up to meet her lips, one of her hands wrapped around the base of his erection, stroking him gently.

"Oh fuck." Knox hissed, bucking his hips further into her mouth, fucking her lips and tongue. He couldn't take it anymore; he needed to be inside her. Now.

"Sto- oh my god- sto...Veronica stop." he pleaded, trying to gently push her off of him. She slid her lips and hand off his cock and looked up at him with darkening eyes, her bottom lip quivering slightly.

"I need you." he growled, taking his shirt off, revealing his toned muscles and etched artwork on his skin. He hoisted her up as he stood, holding her tightly up against himself, his member pushed up against her thigh. He kissed her feverishly, holding onto the sides of her face, dipping his tongue into her mouth and sucking gingerly onto her tongue, walking her back to the wall furthest away form the door.

"Take me Knox." Veronica moaned as he pushed his hips harder against hers and trailed his kissed down her neck. He hoisted her up by her hips and slipping deep inside her sex, burring himself to the hilt.

Veronica quivered, arching her back against Knox and rolled her hips gently. His eyes went to the back of his head as he put one of his hands on the wall behind her and bucked his hips up into her, holding onto her hips with his free hand, driving in harder, biting and sucking at her neck.

"Ahh... oh yea." Veronica moaned, digging her fingernails into his shoulders, making him thrust harder and deeper, biting her neck harder, leaving small love-marks in his trail.

Knox, getting frustrated with nothing at all, pulled her away from the wall, sinking to his knees carefully and putting her back on the cold-tile floor. Knox grabbed her shoulders, making his pace even faster as he fucked her sweet body. He latched his lips onto one of her breasts, sucking gently, tugging at it with his teeth as his thrusts became shorter. Veronica cried out, soon reaching her peak once more. 

"I'm not going to last much longer." Knox rasped in her ear, nibbling on her lobe and thrusting deeper. Veronica didn't reply, just whimpered, her hips bucking up to meet his, she wasn't going to last much longer either.

Moments later, Knox cried out Veronica's name, and came along with her. They collapsed together on the tile floor, bundled up together and giving each other small kisses and chuckling slightly, not knowing what was so funny.

After they both got dressed, and Knox stuffed Veronica's torn panties in his back pocket, he led her out to the front counter where Zoë was still sitting there, raising her eyebrow at the two as they walked to the counter.
