 Having a medical doctor for a mother had definite perks for Rachel. Kathy, her mom, was able to be both clinical and motherly when discussing sex with her 18-year-old daughter. And Kathy was also a woman who really enjoyed sex, and wanted her daughter to have the same attitude and positive experiences that she had. 

While Rachel and Lute drove away from the farm where they'd just made love in his van, they listened to the radio while Rachel mulled over a recent conversation she'd had with her mom. 

Rachel had asked Kathy for a lubricant recommendation, and after a quick trip to her bathroom, her mom handed her a tube of her preferred lube. Then, using her forthright clinical approach, Kathy asked Rachel a few questions that eventually led them back to discussing the size of Lute's member and some things Rachel might need to consider in having such a well-hung lover. 

Kathy agreed that using lubricant was a wise move, though she didn't inquire if it was for vaginal or anal purposes - that was for Rachel to talk about whenever she was ready. But she did inquire about Lute's ability to get hard. Because, she knew from her clinical experiences (and two personal ones that she didn't mention) that guys with big penises often have difficulty getting completely erect. Even when they are really aroused and horny, some well-hung guys' bodies just can't pump enough blood to their genitals to get them fully hard. 

Having that conversation with her mom had made Rachel laugh, because, she told her mother, if Lute wasn't getting fully erect with her, she was frightened to think what his pecker would look like if he did! 

And now, as she and Lute drove towards town, Rachel chuckled to herself when she looked at Lute and saw the ever-present bulge in his pants. "Nope," she mused, "Getting fully erect is not a problem for The Root. Not in the slightest!"

It wasn't long before they were back at her grandparents' place and had pulled Lute's van into the garage. Hungry from their recent vigorous exercise, they went into the kitchen while Lute, a decent cook, fixed them up a big bowl of pasta carbonara.

Slurping the pasta and drinking the wine Lute had pilfered from his dad's well-stocked supply, the two lovers eased into the next stage of their evening's affairs. And by the time their appetites were sated and half the wine was consumed, their thoughts - and bodies - shifted back into lovemaking mode.

Lounging for a bit on the living room couch, talking and drinking wine before they headed downstairs to bed, Lute made a casual inquiry into the beginnings of Nasty Rachel.

"I know, it's kinda' funny, my whole straight-laced, straight A's, untouchable Rachel thing that I've been playing for so long," she said in response to Lute's question. "But I first realized I had a nasty side two summer's ago when I spent two months working as a medical assistant at a kids' camp up north. The guy who was the camp medic was a first year medical student, and he was nice and really cute. So I ended up spending a lot of time in his cabin after the lights were out."

"I see," Lute chuckled in response to Rachel's story, "You two were playing doctor."

"That's right," Rachel giggled, "We played doctor. And he examined me pretty thoroughly, I must say." 

Then she continued, "But the real blossoming of Nasty Rachel occurred when I started seeing a college guy just after I turned 18. He lives in the dorm but his roommate isn't around much, so we usually had his place to ourselves. I smoked pot with him for the first time. And we had some other first-time experiences together, mostly in his bed."

"Sounds like fun," Lute offered. And though he wanted to ask if she was still seeing this guy, he chose not to go there. Instead he added, "But there's one first-time experience you two skipped, huh?"

"Right," Rachel laughed, "I decided to save that one for when I date a guy with a cock so big it will probably rip me apart when he butt fucks me!" 

"Wise decision," Lute laughed in reply. "But I think, with the right amount of lube, you're gonna' love it. And if you don't, we'll stop. No pressure." 

"Thanks, lover. I like the no pressure angle," Rachel whispered as she nuzzled in against Lute and kissed his neck.

After polishing off the wine, Lute and Rachel tipsily moved their party down to her bedroom. And then, for the second time that evening, they got undressed. To set the mood, Rachel lit candles while Lute tuned in his favorite jazz station on the radio. 

Lute never tired of seeing Rachel naked. After all the hours he had spent observing her in class and fantasizing about what lay beneath her modest clothing, he was always pleased when he could see her nude body. And when they were naked like this, his usual inclination was to move in and begin making love to her, six ways to Sunday. But he also loved just sitting back and watching her lithe body move and her full breasts sway, which they did now as she went around the room lighting candles. 

"I hope you know how beautiful you are, Rachel," Lute said as he leaned against the bed pillows and watched Rachel finish her candle lighting ceremony. "Good girl or nasty, clothed or naked, it doesn't matter. You're a beautiful woman."

"Aww, thanks Luther," Rachel said softly and with a pleased smile. And though this was usually the time where she'd follow up with a smart-ass or funny remark, she let it go, because Lute had genuinely flattered her. And seeing his admiring gaze, she stood and posed for a few moments, letting him take mental photos of her full naked profile. 

The lovers were soon splayed out across the bed, kissing and fondling each other and becoming increasingly aroused. Lute then disengaged and slid his face down Rachel's torso, slowly kissing her all the way from her face to her crotch. And when his mouth landed on her pussy, he began to kiss her labia lips and slide his tongue into her spread cunt. 

Much to Lute's liking, Rachel didn't trim her pubic region, so she had a full crop of fine brown hair down there for him to enjoy while he displayed his well-honed cunnilingus skills. 

From there time together over the past weeks, Lute had learned what it took to bring Rachel off. And though he didn't want to rush things with her tonight, from the way she was now moaning and shoving her pussy into his face, he knew what she wanted. 

Finding the nub of her clitoris with his tongue, Lute began licking and sucking on it while flicking off occasionally to let his mouth and tongue explore the other erogenous zones of her vagina. And just when Rachel thought he might have forgotten their most recent "What makes Nasty Rachel go crazy" discovery, Lute put his hands under her ass and lifted her up so he could shove his curled tongue into her puckered anus. 

"Oh, yeah! That's right!" Rachel gasped as Lute spread her ass cheeks apart, opening up her anus so his tongue could delve deeper into her rear chute. 

Content to let Lute concentrate on her hindquarters, Rachel took over on her pussy, shoving her hand into her twat and searching for her cherished G-spot. Finding it, she began fingering herself in earnest while Lute tongue-fucked her sweet ass. 

Rachel had left the tube of lubricant in an obvious spot on the bedside table, so when Lute was satisfied that he had provided Rachel's asshole with sufficient oral preparation, he got up on his knees and grabbed the lube while Rachel continued diddling her twat. 

Looking down at Rachel while he applied an ample dose of lube onto his cock, he then rolled her over and maneuvered her up onto her hands and knees. With her ass now perfectly positioned for fucking, Lute squirted some lube onto Rachel's puckered anus and rubbed it into her hole with his fingers, squirming them inside for a bit to further prepare her ass for his helmeted intruder.

Rachel was furiously working her twat and well on her way to another orgasm when Lute placed the head of his cock at the entry to her tight ass, and then pushed it inside. 

"Oh, god, Luther!" Rachel gasped as she felt him enter her virgin realm. 

"Okay so far?" Lute asked before he went deeper.

"Yes, yes...keep going!" Rachel moaned. 

After another two inches of Lute's thick steed was inside her, Lute paused again, looking down at her with an inquisitive smile.

"Yes, fuck, yes! Goddammit, Luther, don't stop!" Rachel admonished him with a frenzied moan. "Give me more!" 

Picking up his rear entry pace a bit, Lute soon had half of his thick meat skewered into Rachel's ass. But she showed no signs of concern. On the contrary, the combination of his cock in her ass and her hand working over her pussy were bringing Rachel to the verge of an epic orgasm. Recognizing this as being a perfect window of opportunity, Lute braced himself and fully mounted Rachel's behind, driving all ten inches of his thick rapier into her stretched asshole with one serious shove. 

"Oh, goddammit, Luther! Oh, my god!" Rachel wailed as Luther impaled her on his beast. And shoving her ass back onto his crotch, she began to grind herself onto Lute, thrilling to this new sensation of anal sex. 

The lubricant was doing its job. Though Lute's huge cock in Rachel's ass was definitely a tight fit, the lube made it a mostly painless process for Rachel, and her wails that were now reverberating throughout the room were ones of orgasmic bliss, not anguish. 

"Oh, yes, baby, yes! Fuck my ass, Luther! Do it! Fuck my ass!" Nasty Rachel wailed as she grimaced and then let loose with another squirting orgasm that shot down onto the bed and splashed Lute's legs. 

As Rachel moaned and wailed through the throes of her orgasm, sending streams of her lady juices onto the bed covering, Lute continued driving his thick meat in and out of her rear admiral, slapping his groin against her ass cheeks with each thrust. 

The feel of Rachel's tight ass chute wrapped around Lute's big wood was an incomparable sensation for him. And when she bucked her ass back against him, driving his cock deeper and harder into her ass, he felt his jism rising, fast and furious, preparing for an ejaculation that would do his forefathers proud. 

Despite being in the midst of her own liquid orgasmic display, Rachel sensed that Lute was preparing to unload, so she coaxed him on, "Give it to me, Luther! Shoot it in my ass, baby! Do it!"

Lute's testes had worked overtime to produce the quantity of ejaculate that he was preparing to anoint inside Rachel's ass. Because when he bellowed a huge groan, his cock unleashed a torrent of sperm inside Rachel that flooded deep into her rectum and gushed out onto the wet bedspread that was already drenched from Rachel's juicy release. 

But Lute's load of cum inside Rachel's ass only made their anal fucking better lubricated, and Lute capitalized on this by continuing to pound away while Rachel moaned and groaned as Lute drove his huge spewing cock in and out of her dripping anus. 

"Is this what you wanted?" Lute groaned as he gave her another deep thrust, "Is this nasty enough for you?"

"Yes, lover! This is exactly what I wanted!" Rachel moaned in response. "Oh, god, yeah!"

Rachel thrilled to the new feeling of having Lute's cock insider her ass. And though her anal region didn't have sensitive erogenous areas like her pussy for Lute's cock to hit as it drove inside her, Rachel decided being ass-fucked had its own distinct pleasures. And she was certain that anal sex was now a part of the Rachel and Lute playbook. 

Lute and Rachel enjoyed the rest of that night together. And they had many more such nights throughout that winter and early spring, before Rachel's grandparents returned from their winter home in Arizona. After losing their preferred meeting place, Rachel and Lute had to get more creative on finding beds for their lovemaking. But Rachel's mom was again helpful in that regard.

Early in their relationship, Rachel and Lute had agreed not to be monogamous. So they both had other lovers throughout their last year of high school, and into the ensuing summer before they went off to college. But they remained close and had a special bond - a sentiment that continued for many years to come.