 I walk into your study.

I walk into your study wearing nothing but that black lace, two piece lingerie that you so seem to like, that set with the bra that you once described as making my breasts look like two grand scoops of bourbon vanilla ice. My honey blonde hair is carefully tousled, my locks spread over my shoulders.

You look at my figure knowingly. 

In silence, I walk to your desk, never leaving my eyes off you. You hold my gaze steadily.

You move your chair to allow me to sit on your lap, the floral scent of my perfume reaching your nostrils. My arms wrap themselves around your neck and pull you in for a kiss. 

We begin very slowly: my berry pink lips are pressed against yours neatly, the kind of kiss that we aren't afraid to share in front of friends and family. But as you answer my kiss, they become greedier, sloppier, more passionate. In little time, my tongue has slipped through your lips and is naughtily ticking the roof of your mouth. 

Your arms go down from my hips to cup my round, bubble ass, tenderly squeezing the soft skin.

My breasts press against your shirt as I kiss down your neck. I can feel the expected boner growing, pressing against my needy pussy through the Brazilian cut undies.

I slide off your lap back on my feet. My bent over figure makes my breasts look too delicious for you not to touch them. As your hands fondle my C cups, I unbuckle your belt and pull your trousers down to your knees.

I can smell your sex.

The flavour of your cock always appealed to me. Its scent is something I only know to describe as earthy, like fertile soil after a late summer rain. The undeniably masculine aroma of your dick is irresistible, and I come back to it like a moth to a light bulb. 

Your throbbing cock is soon exposed to the cool air of your study. The pink crown of your member is already moist from excitement.

I take the small pillow that you keep for me by your desk and place it on the floor in front of you. I get on my knees on top of it, positioning myself between your legs. My round green eyes look at you in your anticipation greedily, with a faint playful smile on my lips.

Slowly, I pull out my tongue and let its hot tip run up the skin of your bulging shaft. 

Your eyes are fixated on my face as I proceed to lick and brush my lips against your cock almost innocently while avoiding the tip. My lips feel so comfortably soft against the hard surface of your cock that you sigh in their loving touch. My lovely wet kisses make the skin glisten and I can see your body relax on your chair, while your erection intensifies. 

Finally, I wrap my lips around its bell end.

You breathe heavily as the hotness of my wet mouth overwhelms you. Slowly my tight lips move up and down your shaft. With my eyes closed, I let your cock slip in slightly deeper each time it enters my mouth, my warm tongue rubbing against it.

You shut your eyes in rapture, as I begin to suck it lightly like it was my favourite lollipop. My long soft hair tickles your thighs as my head moves around your cock. As your shaft explores the depths of my tiny mouth, the tip of my tongue zigzags along it, making your cock twitch in delight.

Your hand reaches for my breasts and begins to play with them. You pull out one of my peachy nipples, erect and hard like a frozen cranberry. You gently pinch it with your fingers, making me squeal with your cock in my mouth.

I used to be embarrassed of my lips slurping around your cock until I realised how much it pleased you. Now with your dick dipped in my saliva, my lips slide effortlessly over the juicy surface.

Greedily I take your cock in deeper down my throat, despite my reflex to gag, Tiny tears form in the corners of my eyes as I desperately try to fit you in my mouth. Your moans reward my efforts.

With one hand you grab the hair at the back of my head and gently guide me down your dick. Soon we find a rhythm: today you liked things slow.

I open my eyes to look up into your face, to witness the euphoria in your eyes. I let out a calculated moan with your cock still between my lips and enjoy the sight of your muscles tensing. 

Your desire turns me on, dampening the fabric between my legs.

The movements of my tongue get less choreographed the longer I suck your manhood. Maybe it's the instinct kicking in. Sometimes you ask me later what it is that I was doing; the truth is I have no idea except that it was what I wanted to do.

You used to tell me when you were about to come, perhaps out of common courtesy. Those days are now in the past. It's not that you expected me to swallow your load: now you knew I wanted it.

Your moans become louder, your breathing infrequent. I look up to you with my pretty green eyes to watch the orgasm fire up in you. I can feel the convulsion of your cock in my mouth, as your seed rushes towards the tip.

A hot spurt of your fresh cum fills my mouth. I close my eyes as you struggle to keep yours open. 

The flavour is familiarly sweet. Your silly but endearing habit of tanking up on fruit as the scheduled day approaches really does pay off, as I lovingly lick the cum off your cock like a kitten feasting on delicious cream.

My cum-stained lips turn into a sweet smile as I look up to see your collapsed frame on your office chair.

"Bedroom in five minutes, honey," I purr, as I get back on my feet and exit your study. That ends scene one of our Tuesday play.