 Sam, a 34-year-old salesman, was stuck over the weekend at a hotel with no plans for Saturday until he met the young runner in the elevator. Sam pressed the button for the elevator and when the door opened he saw the most beautiful girl of about 18/19 years old standing there in runners gear. Sam noticed the teen was leaning against the wall of the elevator holding her right leg up and rubbing her calf.

Sam said hello and asked the teen what was wrong. The teen, which Sam learned, was named Missy, told him she had just came back from running and that she pulled her calf muscle real bad. Missy was wearing a black sports bra with runner tights that covered her beautiful 5 ft 6 inch young body quite well. The sports bra just held in her size 34C tits and her dark brown hair was tucked into a baseball style cap. Sam could not believe how beautiful this girl was and he could not see any panty lines under her runner's tights.

As they rode up the elevator, Missy explained to Sam that her parents were at the hotel all weekend for a business convention and she was stuck on her own. Sam advised Missy that he was a massage therapist and that he would be happy to work on her calf muscle if it was hurting her real bad. Missy gave Sam a strange look, that was saying you're a stranger, but as she started putting weight on her leg to get off the elevator she tripped into Sam's arms. Missy apologized to Sam then asked him if he really was a massage therapist and if the offer still applied? Sam told Missy that yes, the offer still applies and that nothing would happen to her during the massage except that her calf would no longer hurt.

Because her parents could come back to their room at any time, Missy told Sam that she would have to meet him in his room so Sam gave Missy his room number and told her to meet him up there when she was ready. 

While he was waiting for Missy to come up to his room, he laid out some towels by the bed, then went to get his massage oil from his suitcase. Sam heard a knock on the door and answered it to find Missy wearing the same sports bra from earlier but she changed into very short running shorts and her long dark brown hair was exposed. Sam and Missy talked a little bit, Sam telling Missy about his massage experience and that he will be working on her right leg, calf, thigh and foot for this session. Missy told Sam that it sounded innocent enough, so Sam told Missy to remove her sneakers, then to lay face down on the bed. Sam placed the towel under her right leg and started at her foot. 

Sam lifted her leg to start work at her foot and could not see any panties under her running shorts, Sam knew that this massage was going to allow him to confirm that she was not wear anything under her shorts. Missy was just laying down on the pillow, relaxing and listening to the radio playing in the room. After Sam finished with Missy's foot, he decided to rub up and down her entire right leg, so he added some massage oil to his hands and proceeded with an up and down motion going from just under the bottom of her ass back down to her foot. Missy gave out a low moan, so Sam knew that she was started to relax. Sam then started rubbing Missy's calf area, where he felt her tight muscle. Sam asked Missy about the pressure and Missy advised him that all was going well. Sam's 7-inch cock was bursting with a major hard on and here he was with a beautiful 18-year-old alone in his room, massaging her leg.

Sam would move along the back of Missy's leg occasionally going under her shorts to rub her butt. Sam confirmed that Missy had no panties on under her shorts. Sam knew that he had to take it slow with Missy and that he had all day to try and seduce her into having sex with him. Sam could tell from listening to Missy's breathing that she was drifting off into a light sleep so he decided to start massaging her left leg. Sam repeated the same massage he gave her right leg but this time he got braver and started to massage Missy's inside thigh, just stopping at the junction of her private area. As Sam's hands massaged her thigh, Missy did not move, so Sam went back to her right thigh and Missy's leg spread a little further apart.

Missy was moaning a little and Sam could tell that she was enjoying the massage, so he started rubbing her thigh area higher into her shorts just stopping before her pussy. Sam went up and down a few more times on both legs rubbing her inner thigh areas and then started rubbing her butt over her shorts leading towards her back. Sam started rubbing her butt and her back. The sports bra was in the way, so Sam rolled it up a little telling Missy that it would be easier if he could remove the sport bra from her. Since Missy was laying face down and she was very horny, she told Sam that he could roll the sports bra off completely. Sam started massaging her back, shoulders, and neck. Missy was getting very relaxed and even hornier. Sam could smell that her juices were flowing.

Sam started massaging her legs again leading back under her shorts brushing her pussy area and after doing this several times, he then asked Missy to roll over. Missy's eyes were closed and she was so horny that she didn't even care that her size 34C tits were exposed to Sam. Sam took notice right away that her nipples were hard and that she hardly had any tan lines around her tits. Sam started massaging the front of Missy's legs, and then went straight up to massaging her tits. Sam was rolling one nipple in one hand and the other nipple in his other hand. Missy was moaning and moving her body around responding to Sam's touch.

Sam decided to go for it, so he slowly started massaging around her skimpy running shorts moving them down off her body as he massaged her body. Missy was totally nude and made no movement to cover up. Sam noticed that Missy was shaved and had no hair around her pussy. Sam moved his head down to Missy's pussy and started licking at her pussy. Sam started from the outside of her vulva, and then was licking her clit. Sam then brought his tongue into her pussy. Missy was bucking her hips and responding to Sam's tongue. Sam's tongue was moving up and down Missy's body from her pussy back up to her tits. Sam then inserted two fingers into Missy's pussy. 

All of a sudden Missy tightened her body and a loud moan erupted from her mouth. Sam knew that Missy had her first of many orgasms for this "massage session". Since, Sam was able to insert the two fingers into her pussy, he assumed that this 18-year old was not a virgin. As Sam continued to finger Missy's pussy, he started to undress himself not wanting to miss a beat; Sam undressed himself very clumsily until he also was nude. Missy's pussy was very wet, and since Sam was so horny he decided the time was right to enter her pussy. Sam started thrusting slowly at first then decided to move faster in this hairless young pussy. Sam was so horny that he started cumin and cumin into Missy. While he was cumin, Missy started on her 2nd or 3rd orgasm.

After Sam was done, he cuddled next to Missy and relaxed from this most unexpected but pleasant experience. Missy got up on her elbow and looked up at Sam, thanking him for this wonderful massage. Sam told Missy that she was welcome. Missy then rolled unto Sam's body kissing him on the lips. Missy and Sam started talking about her sex life and the fact that she shaves her pussy. Missy's told Sam that she is on a swim team at college and keeps her pussy shaved. Missy further explained, that her boyfriend never went down on her like Sam did and all he ever did was just play with her tits then push into her pussy. Missy told Sam that other then playing with herself, this was the first time she had an orgasm from an older man.

Sam felt bad that he seduced Missy, but Missy assured Sam that as soon as she saw him on the elevator that she decided she wanted to be seduced by him and that is why she agreed to get the massage and wore her running shorts without any panties. Missy started rubbing her body over Sam's, making sure that her pussy rolled over his penis several times. Sam started getting hard again and with Missy on top entered her pussy that was wet with their mixed juices. Missy rode Sam's 7-inch penis like a cowgirl in heat. Up and down Missy went riding Sam's penis until she finally came.

After Missy came again, with Sam still hard, she asked him for a big favor. Sam asked her what she wanted and Missy asked if he ever fucked a women's asshole. Missy heard about it from girls at school that their boyfriends wanted to fuck their asshole but none of them did it with them. Missy was telling Sam that since he gave her the first of many orgasms today that she felt he should deflower her asshole. Sam told Missy that it would hurt a little at first but if she relaxed it would feel real good.

Sam got the massage oil and started rubbing it into her asshole, placing his finger into her small opening. Sam then rubbed the oil around his penis, then had Missy get on all fours so he could proceed slowly into her asshole. Missy's sphincter muscle would not relax to allow Sam to enter, so Sam started to finger her pussy, massaging her clit. As Missy started to relax, her sphincter muscle started to also relax and Sam was able to enter the 18-year-old's virgin asshole. Sam went in and out of Missy's asshole several times when Missy yelled out to Sam to start thrusting as fast as he could. Sam picked up his pace on Missy's clit and started thrusting faster into Missy asshole. Missy and Sam started cumin together. Sam saw that his dried semen was on Missy's leg from when he fucked her young pussy and now his sperm was leaking from her now de-virginized asshole, so he suggested that they take a quick shower. After the shower, Sam dried off Missy's body very gently and lovingly. Sam thought that Missy's parents would be calling the hotel security looking for her so he told Missy to get dressed. Missy put her running shorts and sports bra back on while Sam put on a pair of shorts and tee shirt

After they exchanged e-mail address's and phone numbers, Sam then walked Missy back to the elevator where they kissed each other good-bye. Will they get together again?

The end

I appreciate positive input. Thank you for reading my story, I hoped you enjoyed it!