 It was evening. My wife and I were running along the bike path through the park. Almost finished with our five mile run, both of us were working up quite a sweat.

The path narrowed and I dropped behind her, letting her keep up our six and half minute per mile pace. I glanced at her and noticed how good she looks from behind in her running bra and shorts. Her flowing brown hair was tied into a ponytail. I loved the way it flip-flopped as she ran. Her neck and legs were covered with sheens of perspiration. 

As the path widened, I moved beside her again. Glancing over, I looked at her face. It had the determined look that reflected the exertion of a strenuous workout. Her hardened nipples were pressing against her bra. The thigh and calf muscles of her long and shapely legs tightened and expanded with each stride. On a whim, I dropped behind her so I could watch her ass sway rhythmically with each stride. 

She looked over her shoulder and asked, "Why'd you drop back?"

"I'm just admiring the view," I replied.

"Not fair. Get back up here."

I moved beside her again. 'I'm really lucky,' I thought to myself. 'I'm glad she's my wife. She's smart, fun, gorgeous, so sexy. Just running beside her makes me want to have my way with her.'

Finishing our run, we used a park bench to stretch.

Still basking in my runner's high, and with sex on my mind, I thought of suggesting that we do something different as a cool down. 

"I love running with you," I said. "And the way you look makes me want to make love with you, right here, right now. How about we make that our cool down tonight?"

"I've always told you, any time, any where, any way," she answered with a smile. 

"Well, now's the time, here's the where. Let's go over to those trees, find a nice patch of grass, and decide the way."

"You lead the ... way," she said with a wink.

After finishing our stretching, we slowly jogged to the trees. It didn't take long to find a nice grassy spot.

She lay on the grass, reached up, and took my hand. Pulling me to the ground beside her, she leaned over me and placed her lips on mine. We shared a long gentle kiss.

But I was already so aroused that slow and gentle wasn't going to work for me. I rolled her onto her back and covered her face and lips with a passionate kiss. Prying her lips open with my tongue, I plunged it deeply into her mouth. I ran my tongue around the inside of her mouth. I thrust in and out of her mouth. She took my tongue with her lips and began sucking it hard.

With my tongue still in her mouth, she mumbled, "I love sucking your tongue almost as much as I love sucking your cock. Now suck mine."

She slid her tongue into my mouth and I did as she asked, sucking as if it was her nipple or her clit.

While continuing to play with our lips and our tongues, we rolled to our sides. Putting an arm around my shoulders she pulled our bodies together. There we lay, side to side, lip to lip, tongue to tongue, chest to chest, her warm body pressed tightly against mine.

Reaching inside my shorts, she began stroking my hardened cock. She ran her thumb and index fingers up and down the sides. I moaned. She squeezed my cock at the base, worked her way upward along the underside, and then ran her thumb over its tip. I twitched.

I suddenly sat up and roughly pulled off her running bra. Moving her hand back to my cock, I leaned over and pulled a nipple into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around it, sucked in and out with my lips, then bit it lightly with my teeth. I pulled my lips off and began twisting and pinching it with my fingers. She moaned and writhed. I moved to her other nipple. I sucked it hard into my mouth and bit it as well. I alternated between nipples, sucking in and out, biting, twisting, and pinching.

She shuddered and she groaned. She shoved my head away and pushed me onto my back. Lowering her face to my chest, she began to torture my nipples with her lips and tongue and teeth. 

I moved my hand between her legs. Through her shorts, I could feel her pussy lips were already swollen and wet. Moving her shorts aside, I traced a finger up and down her slit, and flicked her clit. She cried out then sucked my nipple harder and stoked my cock more vigorously. 

I couldn't take any more. I rolled her onto her back, pulled off her shorts, and pushed her legs wide. I yanked my shorts off and placed my knees between her legs. Grabbing her legs, I brought them over my shoulders, reached under her ass, and pulled her hips off the ground. Grasping my cock, she brought it to her pussy, slid it back and forth along her open lips, pressed it against her clit and ...

Ringgggggg ... 

"What ... what ... what?"

The alarm clock.

A dream. It was a dream! 

I opened my eyes. I was in bed. On my side. 

I reached over and turned off the alarm. 

My wife stirred, rolled toward me, and opened her eyes. 

"Morning," she said. 

I couldn't respond.

She looked down and saw that my cock was rock-hard. 

"Ohhh ... I see. You've been dreaming about me?"

'You have no idea," I responded. 

"Want me to take care of it for you?"

"I need you to take care of it for me."

With a smile on her face, she leaned over me, licked all along my cock, sucked it into her mouth, and squeezed hard. Looking me in the eye, she pulled her lips back along my cock until just the head remained inside. She gently bit down with her teeth, then licked the underside. I closed my eyes and groaned. With her mouth still gripping my cock, she pumped her head up and down, taking me deeper with each thrust. When she felt me ready to release, she took my cock deep into her mouth, held it there, and sucked strongly. My body jerked and I came until I had no more left. She licked what remained of my come off the tip of my cock, lay beside me, and twirled her fingers in my hair.

"Feel good?"

"You always make me feel better than good. And I love it when you let me come in your mouth."

"I love it too. It makes me feel that part of you stays inside me."

I sighed, then asked, "What about you?"

"We don't have a lot of time before we have to get ready," she answered.

"I promise it won't take you long. How about you just lay back and enjoy."

She closed her eyes and asked, "What do you have in mind?"

"Spread those gorgeous legs for me. I'm going to suck your clit fast and furious until you come."

She did. 

I did. 

And she did.

---

She looked up from her breakfast cereal and asked, "What are you doing for lunch today?"

"Nothing special. I have some tests to grade and papers to look over. How about you?"

"I have a house to show at 9:00, then some paperwork."

"Do you want to meet for lunch?"

"What I really want is for you to come home and make love to my pussy properly."

"Oh, so you want me to tease your pussy, make it tingle."

"No, I want you to titillate it, tantalize it, torment it, torture it," she said with a laugh.

I thought for a moment, and then said, "I'm at your service, ma'am. I'll be home at 12:15. Be ready. I'm going to make you squeal and screech and shriek and scream."

She laughed and said, "You forgot squirm and shout."

"That too," I smiled.

I got up from the table and cleared my dishes to the dishwasher.

She came up behind me, gave me a hug, and said, "Sex with you is always so much fun."

"And it feels good, too," I added. "You're the fun one. You bring out the teenager in me."

"I love you."

"Love you back."

I put on my jacket and picked up my briefcase. 

As I opened the door, I turned back and said, "Bye."

"Bye. See you at 12:15." 

---

I opened the door, took off my overcoat, put my briefcase on the table, and walked to the bedroom. 

I knew she would already be there. On top of the bed. Bedcovers thrown back. Naked. Legs spread wide.

But I was wrong. 

She wasn't naked. There she was, lying on top of the bed wearing a black bra. A lace garter belt. No panties. Black thigh-stockings. Black paten leather stiletto high heels. Legs drawn up. Knees apart. Pussy already swollen and moist. A pillow on the floor.

"You like?" she asked.

"Oh yes. Where ... when ...those ... those ... clothes," I stammered.

"A while ago," she answered. "I've been saving them for a special occasion."

She sent me a sensuous and sexy smile, batted her eyelids over her sky-blue eyes, and followed with a "come here" motion with her index finger. 

After the sight I was greeted with, I didn't need any coaxing. I took off my shoes and approached the bed. Kneeling down on the pillow, I turned her legs around, sat between them, put her legs on my shoulders, and began to caress up and down the insides of her black-stockinged legs. She sighed. I put my hands under her knees and leaned toward her pussy. I hesitated a moment. I looked at her swollen womanhood to satisfy my sense of sight. I breathed in the scent of her pussy. I touched, then caressed, around her pussy lips. I heard her moan. Finally, I touched my tongue to her moist pussy and tasted her already flowing juices.

"I think I must be in heaven," I softly told her.

She squirmed.

I then began to make love to her pussy properly. With my tongue, I traced along the place where her outer lips and groin met. First one side, then the other. I licked a circle around her pussy lips, pausing here and there to suck them between my lips. 

She squirmed again.

"Don't stop," she sighed.

I ran my tongue up and down her slit. At the top, I pressed gently against her protruding clit. At the bottom, I trailed almost to her anus. She wiggled her body and raised her ass off the bed so that my tongue could reach that sensitive area. I continued my licking. 

Her hands grasped the covers. Her moans became more regular.

I gently parted her outer lips with my tongue, exposing her engorged and reddened inner lips. I licked upward and flicked her clit. Her body twitched and she groaned from the sensation. With my fingers, I spread her inner lips and licked around their insides. I extended my tongue into her pussy, twirled it and slowly twisted it on the way out. She grabbed my head and pressed it against her pussy. Her groans became louder. Her hips ground against my face. I continued slowly pushing my tongue into her pussy, moving it around with a twisting motion, and pulling it out. I began trailing my tongue to her clit after pulling it out. Once there I nipped it with my teeth as I grazed it with my tongue. She was moaning and whimpering steadily.

I raised my mouth from her pussy. 

"Don't stop," she whined. She pulled my head back and pressed it tightly against her.

Returned to her pussy, I resumed my licking. Her body began to writhe. She reached for her nipples, pinching and pulling on them.

"I need to come. I'm ready to come. Make me come. Please ..." she shouted.

I took her clit between my lips. I inserted my middle finger and ring finger into her pussy. I felt just behind her pelvic bone and found her G Spot. As it swelled, I stroked my fingers around it, across it, and pressed against it. 

Her breathing became ragged. Her body began to thrash about. I pressed my other hand on her abdomen to hold her steady and started sucking her clit rapidly in and out of my mouth. I moved my fingers faster increasing the sensations stimulating her G Spot.

She was shrieking incoherently.

Suddenly, she heaved her body and screamed, "I love you!" 

At the same time, fluids ejaculated from her pussy, coating my face and her legs with her orgasm.

She collapsed back on the bed, eyes closed, one arm bent across her forehead, the other by her side. Slight shudders coursed through her body.

When her breathing returned to near normal, she opened her eyes, and looked at me.

"Pure torture," she said. 

She took a breath, "But no pain."

She took another breath, "All pleasure."

After a few moments of silence, she said, "Take your clothes off and climb here beside me".

I did as she asked.

Reaching down, she wrapped her fingers around my cock.

Smiling, she looked at me and said, "Your poor thingie is all swollen."

"Arousing you arouses me," I responded.

She smiled again and asked, "We need to take care of it, don't we."

"Oh, yes. But I warn you, it won't take long." 

She leaned over me and took just the head of my cock into her mouth. With one hand she began pumping my cock and gently squeezing my balls with the other. 

"I need to be inside you," I moaned. 

She pulled me on top of her and rubbed the tip of my cock up and down her pussy. 

"Inside ... now," she demanded.

I pushed my cock between her pussy lips and drove it deep inside. One pump, two pumps, three pumps. As she felt my cock begin to pulsate, she grabbed my ass and pulled me hard against her and squeezed my cock with the walls of her pussy. Two more pumps and I came immediately. She put her arms around back, her legs around my hips, and held me inside her pussy until I began to soften. She turned us to our sides and I slid out. She gave me a satisfied smile, leaned down, and licked the come from the head of my cock.

I pulled her to me and gave her a kiss that said both, 'Thanks,' and 'I love you.' 

We lay silently, side by side.

She looked at me and said, "You've already come twice today. Think you have anything left for tonight? Or will we have to wait 'til tomorrow?"

"You make me feel and act like a teenager again. I'll be ready for anything tonight," I promised.

We lay still longer.

"I'll bet the bedclothes are a mess," she finally said. That's her, my wife, practical, as well as being a wonderful lover.

We got up, cleansed ourselves of the remnants of our orgasms, remade the bed, and put our clothes back on.

She asked, "How about a turkey sandwich, a salad, and some spring water for lunch?"

"Sounds good to me," I answered.

After eating, we walked out the door together.

As she slid into her car, I asked, "Any plans for tonight? I'd like to go for a run."

"Me, too," she answered. "I've been thinking about a special way to end our runs."

"Oh, what do you have in mind?"

With a wink, she said, "You'll just have to wait and find out."

---

After a light supper and catching the evening news, I asked her if she was ready for our nightly run.

"Let's wait awhile," she said. "I want it to be dusk when we finish."

"Oh, all part of your plan?"

"Yes, but no asking for hints."

I looked over some papers I needed to grade. But it was hard to concentrate while wondering what she had planned.

Finally she said, "I'm ready. Let me change into my running shorts and bra and I'll meet you at the door."

Dressed for our run, we stepped outside into a warm evening, no clouds, no rain, no humidity. It was so nice, I decided that I wouldn't bother with a top.

She looked at me as said, "Going topless, I see. Very appropriate for tonight."

While stretching on the porch, I asked, "Our usual five miles?"

"Yes," she answered. "I want us to work up a sweat."

I said, "That's right, you have something special planned. After we get home, then?"

"No, for our cool down, or maybe I should call it our hot down," she said.

"Sounds interesting," I said.

"You just wait ..."

I pleaded, "Can't we just do our ... hot down before we run, or maybe instead of our run?"

"Nope. We gotta do it at the end," she said with a mischievous smile.

"OK, then. After you," I said.

---

Déjà vu. There I was running alongside my wife, just like this morning's dream. I began thinking, 'What is it about her that makes me love her so much? There's such a special chemistry between us.' 

In my mind, I began listing all of her qualities that make her so appealing to me, both the non-physical as well as the physical.

Shaking my head to clear my thoughts, my attention returned to our running. But my mind wandered again. This time I kept trying to think of scenarios of what she might have planned. I wondered if she was going to play out my morning dream.

"You're deep in thought," she said. "Are you trying to figure out what I have planned?" 

"That ... and other things. I was thinking of all the things there are about you that makes me love you so much."

"Oh, how sweet. And what were your thoughts."

"I'll share them with you sometime."

"Half-mile to go, then get ready for some enjoyment," she called as she sped up her pace.

I picked up my pace to match hers and we finished the last half mile in just under three and a half minutes.

--- 

"Let's jog over to the playground and stretch," she suggested.

We found a bench and slowly stretched out.

She sat down, patted the seat beside her and said, "Come sit by me."

I sat down and loosely put my arm around her shoulder.

It was nearing dark and the playground was deserted.

She leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I wrapped my arms around her and drew her close.

After several minutes of love words and soft kisses, she asked, "Tell me what you see."

I looked around and answered, "I see a playground."

"Oh, come on. Be more specific than that."

"OK. I see a playground. It has woodchips all around on the ground and rubber chips under the playground equipment."

"Go on," she encouraged.

"I see some kind of a geodesic dome-shaped climbing apparatus in the middle. I see a merry-go-round, some swings, that long monkey bar, some slides, another climbing bar, and a teeter-totter."

"Is that all?"

"Well ... yes," I answered. "What do you see?"

"I see opportunities to have great sex on all those things."

"You're kidding."

"No, I'm anticipating."

"So this was your plan."

"Yes, and I can hardly wait. I want us to make love on all those things."

"I love it," I exclaimed. "This is your idea so you decide. Tell me how we're going to do it."

Looking around, she said, "I'm not sure where to start, but let's save the swing for last."

She looked around the playground again, made her decision, took me by the hand, and walked me toward the climbing dome.

"I suppose we could climb to the top of the dome and do some kissing and touchee-feelee stuff," she suggested.

"Ok," I responded. "But you'd better not get me too aroused or I'll fall off." 

She laughed and started climbing.

Following her, I reached up and pinched her right buttock.

"Hey," she yelled. "No fair. Wait until we get to the top." 

We reached the top. She turned to face me and we let our legs dangle down though the bars.

I took her face between my hands and kissed her gently on her lips. She put her hands on my shoulders and returned my kiss. As our kiss became more passionate, I slipped my tongue between her lips and ran it around her tongue.

"Suck my tongue now," she asked.

I pulled her tongue into my mouth and sucked it in and out.

She sighed, and then surprised me by reaching down and gripping my cock.

Now, it was my turn to sigh. 

While continuing our kiss, I moved my hands and cupped her breasts through her running bra. I ran my thumb over and around her nipples. With her nipples hardening, I continued massaging her breasts. When I flicked both nipples with my index finger, she stiffened and gave a slight cry.

As I massaged her breasts, she began stroking my cock through my running shorts. As it hardened, a moan escaped my mouth. She tried to push my running shorts to one side so that she could pull my cock out.

I moved slightly to give her room and ...

"Owwwwww!!!" 

"Oh, I just crushed one of my balls," I screamed.

I dropped down to the ground and bent over.

She dropped beside me and, stifling a laugh, said, "Are you OK? Is there anything I can do to help?"

"No," I croaked, "I just need to sit for awhile."

She walked me over to a bench and sat down beside me. I leaned over and she rubbed my back.
