 This is the continued true story of an event in my college days...

The next morning I awoke feeling a bit uneasy. Partly from the shots of Jager, but mostly from the visit of Jaime in the middle of the night. She was my good friend's teen daughter and a girl I considered to be like a sister to me. Last night she acted as neither, and worst of all, I let her. To my defense, she took me in her mouth when I was asleep and slightly intoxicated. However, I did wake and I did not stop her unbelievable sucking technique. I showered quick and sneaked out the back door with my mountain bike avoid both her and her father.

I spent the entire day away from the house, yet my mind was constantly on her. Those young pouty lips engulfing my cock like no other. I called the house around six o'clock. Robert answered. He said he was just heading out the door taking Jaime out to pizza. Perfect. I could go home, shower and get out before they get back. Which is exactly what I did.

Not really in the mood for serious drinking, I met some friends at the pub for beers and pool. It was a mellow evening and other than my buddy's girlfriend there wasn't a good looking girl in the place. The night ended early and we all went our separate ways. They went to his place to fuck and I went home to think about it. The whole evening I had forgotten about Jaime, but as I pulled into the driveway, it all came back. I quietly stepped up to my room, put on an old Stevie Ray Vaughn CD real low and pulled off my clothes. For a brief moment I wished she would come up again, but a vision of her struggling over a algebra problem with her ponytail falling over her shoulder told me how wrong it was. 

I am not sure how long I was out, but the CD had finished and the house was quiet. Quiet enough for me to hear another's breathing. As soon as I heard it, I knew. I opened my eyes towards the ceiling and then glanced downward toward the corner of my bed. There she was, standing naked staring at my own nakedness in the dark. Without a word, she knelt down and grasped my soft fleshy member. I reached out grabbing her arm and sat upward on the bed. "What are you doing," I asked?

"Please, I promise I won't tell anyone," she said. "I have never done this before, and I do not like any boys my age."

Is she telling me the truth? "You have never... you are a virgin? What about last night? Was that your first too?"

"Yes, and it was so great. It was all Monica said it would be, but I think you had more stuff than what she described. I even liked the taste. I didn't think I would."

I was shocked to hear all this from this innocent face. It isn't right, I kept telling myself. However, my dick wasn't listening and grew hard and fat in her hand. I searched my mind for words that I could say to make this girl understand that it could not happen again. Her hand began to slowly stroke my shaft. Her eyes pierced my defenses. I glanced down to her tight beautifully developed body. Her nipples like little erasers pointing towards me, begging for my tongue. She waited for no answer and took me once again in her mouth. That was it.

She slowly sucked and licked from the tip of my penis to soft fur on my balls. She was a natural and so delicate, never scraping her teeth, never tugging too hard. She was perfect. 

With her father downstairs, we were forced to be quiet, hence, slow. I pulled off my rod and motioned for her to join me on the bed. She laid down on her back next to me, the streetlight eliminating her smooth skin. When we kissed, it was as two adults who had known one another for years. There was no awkwardness; we both just flowed together. Her tongue gently swirled into my mouth; I could taste my saltiness. Her hands roamed over my skin as did mine on hers. I stroked her shoulders, her firm breasts, her tight young abs and sweet little ass. 

I did not wanting to hurry anything, but Jaime had other plans. She forced my hand between her thighs upon her soaked sex. I parted the tiny folds with my fingers and caressed her button. She jumped and inhaled a huge amount of air. She quivered as I released her clit and locked her eyes upon mine. Her first orgasm by a man. She wanted more.

She reached behind my back and pulled my body onto her, spreading her legs and fondling my penis. She rubbed her slick pussy with my tip, sending shivers down my legs. She pushed the tip closer to her opening, but was unable to find the gap. I took over and found her small hole, not yet big enough to handle me. I began with the tip, sliding it in and out of her tight rim. Slowly, inch by inch, I pushed forward until about half of my cock was buried in her virgin walls. Her breathing was short and heavy each time I went further inward. I held that position and began pumping half of my cock in at a time in long slow strokes. Her pussy was loosening with the steady force and the amount of lube she was making. She began to slide her hips back at my every move, faster and faster. All at once, my entire length shot deep inside her causing her body to shake and her breathing to stop. Her first orgasm with a man inside her. 

As she regained her breath, I never let her go of that feeling. I continued to thrust my long shaft into her fresh virgin pussy. Jaime bucked back time after time, faster and faster. Her velvet box gripped my cock each time, sending me closer and closer to my own orgasm. I slid her legs upward and locked each on my shoulder and continued my steady movements. This sent her once again over the edge. Looking down at her mouth, lips open silently gasping for air, her ample firm chest expanding, nipples erect and taunt stomach clenched... I exploded. With one fluid motion, I pulled back my thrust and removed my penis from her sex, sending shot after shot of white cum upon her neck, chest, and abs. 

One of the most intense sexual encounters ever. We lay together in pools of our own sweat and orgasmic fluids. The streetlight gleamed on our skin. Our bodies relaxed and fulfilled. Jaime was no longer a virgin. I had lost some morals. We talked about it afterwards, and agreed that it was a perfect night, but one we should never talk about... nor do again.

True.