 The "Ryno Memoirs" are indeed true events that I have been lucky enough to experience. The only thing different in these stories, are the names involved. I encourage others to write from their own adventures as well, because sometimes truth is very more exciting than fiction!

* * * * *

"Wow," she exclaimed! She turned toward me, reached out and hugged me tight. "Do you want to get some dessert? I could really go for some cheesecake from Blue."

At that exact moment, The Blue Planet's cheesecake was not the first thing on my mind. Releasing my rock hard penis and plunging into this young girl's dripping pussy was, but somehow my mouth formed a half-hearted smile and said, "yea, sounds good."

I shut off the remaining lights, set the alarm, and ushered her into my Jeep. The ride began fairly quiet. She looked out into the midnight sky, seemingly searching for something. Then, I found out what. "There is something I need to tell you." I glanced back and forth from her eyes to the road. "You know I am still with my boyfriend and I feel a little ashamed. But at the same time, I would do it again without question."

A smile crossed my lips and my chest lifted slightly. Confidence and head swelling as she spoke. "But there is one more thing. I… well, I am still a virgin."

The word rang out like an echo. Virgin? This fine, unbelievably fine latina is a virgin? Then suddenly, it all made sense. She was educated, upper middle class family, strict father, and her boyfriend for several years is a computer geek. Yea, she is a virgin. As my mind raced to understand, my mouth failed to speak any words of comfort. The best I could come up with was, "oh, ok."

"I just want you to know, because I plan to stay that way until I get married."

"Yea, sure, of course," and other non-descript words. 

"I have never felt so good before. You made me so excited and so much like a woman. It just didn't seem wrong. Thank you." Her compliments and gratitude produced a feeling of blush. I am not sure if my cheeks actually changed color, but inside my body had a hot flash. This girl was thanking me for playing with her virgin box in an empty bar in front of a wall of mirrors. That was different. Usually girls like to be behind closed doors, lights off, and blankets on. And then still may complain that you are going "too fast". My mind was muddled with just what to do now. The answer came as we pulled up to the curb of The Blue Planet, just go with it. 

The Blue Planet is a trendy restaurant with a small bar. It is set on the corner of a revitalized downtown street. The bar is exactly on the corner, each side with floor to ceiling windows that look out into the busy street. The actual bar looks out one side, while a piano sits to the other. Tables are butted up to the windows and scattered about between. It is romantic little place and most of the patrons were couples. 

In the restaurant/bar industry, it is common for bartenders, waiters, etc, to frequent each other's place. Everyone in my community especially. Knowing the right people is insurance to get your drink a bit stronger, your glass a little fuller, or an underage girl a place at the bar. 

Maria and I took a stool at the bar. We asked Ron, the bartender, for a big piece of cheesecake, and two cappuccinos. We made small talk about the restaurant, the uptight, older couples that surrounded us, but did not mention her confession in the Jeep. Her hand would touch my arm and squeeze it gently when she would make a profound statement. I reminded myself to relax and again, just go with it.

The dessert arrived and of course with only one fork. Todd knew, as any good bartender would, that romance burns with great dessert and only one way to eat it; serve each other. I pulled my chair closer and straddled it facing Maria, one leg behind her and the other in front. The cheesecake was a creamy white, with plump fresh blueberries piled upon one side, drizzled with a blueberry glaze, and garnished with a small mint leaf. She licked her lips as I took the fork and sliced through a corner, dipped it into the glaze and raised it to her. Her eyes drew away from the treat and focused upon mine. She was a beauty. Her crimson lips parting briefly and then closing to suck the creamy cake from the silver utensil. Her hands found leg in front of her and squeezed it firmly, then continued to caress and hold it tightly. The dessert swirled in her mouth before disappearing down her throat and releasing an approving soft moan. This girl seemed to love her dessert. Watching her seemingly make love to each bite I gave her, created a huge disturbance in my pants. As all men understand, when we get hard, we either go left or right. Well I go right and my right leg is the leg in front of Maria, whose hands have continued to massage my thigh, inches away from hard tool. 

Even though the bar is nearly full, we seemed to all by ourselves, entranced in each other and our luscious treat. I pick up a single berry with my fingers. Immediately she opens her mouth slightly. I place the berry close to her lips, forcing her to come after it. She leans forward and takes the berry and my fingers in her mouth. Her tongue swirls around my digits, as she takes the berry. She pulls back slowly, keeping her red lips sucking on each tip until the appear again, clean and wet. My dick jumped inside my pants. I needed to go one step beyond. I repositioned my right leg so that my knee was pushing her knee outward. Maria's hands were pushed closer up my thigh and within seconds she felt the bulge of my head. Her small hand cupped around my shaft as she slowly began stroking me under the counter of the bar. Without words, I continued to feed her the dessert. I looked around casually, everyone were in there own world. The pianist played on, the conservative elders talked on, drinking their martinis and brandy, the bartender was busy mixing cocktails; all was well. 

Maria's skirt sat just above her knee. With my free hand, I returned her touch with my hand upon her thigh, squeezing and massaging through the fabric. Her knees parted voluntarily, giving an invitation to go further. I pulled back my hand and swept under her skirt between her damp thighs. Expecting to feel soaked fabric; I was a bit stunned to find none. Instead, her wet virginal pussy sat open, uncovered and waiting for me. She giggled, knowing that I was surprised at her lack of panties. I fed her another berry, which she again ate with passion. As she licked my fingers clean, I rubbed her clit with the same swirling motion she gave me. A deeper moan escaped her lips and her grasp on my member tightened. Another bite, as I continued to explore her sex, probing into her slippery walls and rolling over her button. With only two bites and one berry left, Maria's body shook slightly, as if a cold chill had blew over her. Her eyes closed and her lungs filled with air. My thumb gyrated over her clit as two fingers buried inside her pussy grasped for the spot. Her hand never stopped holding my dick as it repeatedly jumped in my pants. Her legs clenched my hand, and I knew she was there. Her face was so beautiful, the event so erotic, my hand covered in her juices under her skirt, her hand gripping so tightly… there was no way I could hold on either. A quick shot of liquid burst from my tip. 

There we sat. At the bar surrounded by unaware strangers, her orgasm soaked through her skirt and onto the chair, my pants spotted with my own milky climax, and two smiles that stretched from ear to ear. We shared the last two bites of the cheesecake, paid our bill and escaped unnoticed under the dim bar lights. 

Maria and I got together only a few more times after that night, but nothing could ever top our first night together. So we decided to just keep the memory and became good friends. She left for college that fall, I heard she dumped the geek soon after. Every time I order cheesecake, I think about her. Nothing has tasted that good since.