 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 17 - Power and Impotence

(Author's note: This is another of those 'bridge' stories, interlude-type stories that give information and set the table with groundwork, as well as a case to solve. Thanks for your patience, and enjoy the sex and the rest of the story.)

"Just to keep things tidy," said Theo Washington, "I'm going to read you your rights." he did so from the card, then asked "Do you understand the rights?"

"Yes, I do." said Tommy McGill. Now 30 years old, Tommy was lean but in good shape, still had the jawline of his father, but his mother's eyes were more noticeable. He was dressed in a flannel shirt, blue jeans, and brown workboots; he gave off every air of being a simple country boy.

They were in Interrogation-Alpha. Joanne was sitting next to Theo, and Rudistan was the uniformed presence. The other Detectives, their Captain (Ross), and Chief Griswold watched from behind the one-way glass.

Tommy said "I heard you guys were looking into Tammy's death. I want to help, so ask me anything you need to know, and I'll answer as best I can. I don't want or need a lawyer. I am waiving my right to silence and any invocation of it that I've made in past years."

"Thank you, and thank you for coming in." said Theo, happy to have that statement recorded on video. "So let me first ask you what your relationship with Tammy was."

"We were dating, boyfriend and girlfriend." said Tommy. "I got her pregnant, and I asked her to marry me. I would've stood by her and raised our child together."

Joanne peered at Tommy, having an insight. "Tommy, when did you ask Tammy to marry you?"

"I asked her twice." said Tommy. "The first time right after she told me she was pregnant... well, I sort of just talked in terms of us marrying. Then I asked her after graduation."

"And she said 'no' both times?" Joanne asked. Theo turned to peer at Joanne.

"Yes, that's true." said Tommy. "She said we shouldn't rush into it, that I should think about my life before rushing into marriage. We talked back and forth about it a lot, but she would just say to not rush into it."

"Was she dating other guys in addition to you?" asked Joanne.

"Not that I know of." said Tommy. "And when they found her body, I submitted to a DNA test, and while the DNA they found was pretty degraded, it was pretty certain it was my baby."

"Okay," said Theo, "so tell us what happened the day Tammy disappeared."

"Well..." Tommy said, "before I do, I'm going to say that I'm basing this on memories from twelve years ago, so don't start in on any 'that's not what so-and-so said' type of stuff."

"We understand." said Theo. "To the best of your memory, what happened?"

Tommy said "I was supposed to meet Tammy at the lake that day. That's the lake that was on my father's property at the time, but he sold that parcel of land later. Anyway, I got there that afternoon, maybe five-thirty, six o'clock, and waited for over two hours, until it got dark, but she didn't show up. I went into Town to a buddy's house, and tried to call her from there, but she wasn't at home, and wasn't at any friends house. Cellphones weren't so common then, so I was calling a lot of landlines."

"Did anyone else show up at the lake?" Theo asked. "Did you hear anyone else down the road, anything like that?"

"No sir, nothing at all." said Tommy.

"So what happened after that?" asked Theo.

"Well, I wasn't living with my parents then." said Tommy. "My mother hated Tammy and her parents, she called Tammy and her mother cheap whores and stuff like that, so I just walked away from that. They went ballistic when they found out I'd called the Police that night after Tammy's parents said she wasn't at their house. They said I should've come to them first, and should not have called the Police. But by that time, the cat was out of the bag. Eventually the SBI came in, then they gave it to the FBI after my mother tried to shut down the SBI's investigation. She had the power to do that back then."

"And you never heard from Tammy again?" said Theo.

"No." said Tommy. "Didn't hear a thing until six years later, when they found her skeletal remains, and the baby's bones, in the woods just south of the lake."

"Did people know you were going to meet Tammy that day?" asked Joanne.

"Yes." said Tommy. "I'd met with several of my friends and her friends that day. I told them I was going to go pick her up, and we were all going to get together and hang out."

Just then, there was commotion outside, in the front lobby area. "I don't care, I am going in there!" shouted a woman's voice. A second later the public door to I-A flew open, and Judge Lorraine McGill strode in.

"Stop talking to my son without a lawyer present!" the woman snarled. "Tommy, we're leaving."

"No we're not." said Tommy, rising to face his mother. "I'm cooperating with the Police about Tammy's death, and we're not finished yet."

"How many times have I told you to never let the Police interrogate you without a lawyer present?" Judge McGill all but shouted at her son. "They're tricky, and you must have legal protection against them! Besides, you've invoked in the past. Now come, we're leaving!"

"No, you're not." said a voice. It was Captain Ross, appearing at the open door. She had had to go around, as the anteroom door was locked with the other door open.

"Judge McGill," said Captain Ross, "step outside, now."

"Not without my son. We're leaving." said Judge McGill, staring daggers at Cindy.

"Your son is an adult, and does not need his mommy to tell him what to do or to speak for him." said Cindy. "Now step outside, Judge, or I'll arrest you right now for obstructing justice and interfering with a murder investigation."

Seeing that Cindy meant it, Lorraine McGill stepped into the lobby with Cindy, and the judge was not finished.

"My son should have a lawyer!" McGill demanded. "I demand you stop talking to him until he has one!"

"First of all," said Cindy, "your son is an adult, and can ask for his own lawyer. You don't speak for him. Second, his rights were read to him, on video, and he acknowledged the rights and said he didn't need a lawyer... on video. Third---"

"Do you know who I am?" said Judge McGill. "I will have you busted down to Patrol Officer if not fired if you continue to abuse my son's rights!"

"Yes, I know who you are." Cindy said, her ice blue eyes boring into the Judge's dark eyes.. "You're the mother of a murder suspect... and you're a murder suspect yourself." Lorraine McGill's eyes widened and she recoiled as Cindy bore in. "And you can try to have me busted down, but I work for the Iron Crowbar, so you ain't shit with me compared to him. Now get out of this Police Station before I change my mind and arrest you. Sergeant!" she called out to the Duty Desk Sergeant, "escort Mrs. McGill out of this building."

The Duty Desk Sergeant came around and escorted the furious Judge Lorraine McGill to the front door.

"Well done." said a voice. From behind the Duty Desk came Chief Moynahan. "I don't care who she is, either. But I'm going to call the Iron Crowbar, just in case..." Cindy just nodded.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Yes," I said to Laura as I returned Jim to her 'custody'. "It was a good visit. And just in time... I think Mr. Davis does not have too much longer left."

"The other people at the Veasley Community Center agree." said Laura. "Your mother was telling me that they take turns staying with him, and he's getting weaker and weaker every day."

"Yes." I said. "Oh, there was one more thing he told me that I might need your help doing something about. I'd like to find---"

*BRING!* *BRING!* *BRING!*

It was my Police iPhone. I answered it. "Yes, Chief?... What?... She did what?!... Is Tommy still there?... Okay, thanks for telling me, sir... yes, I'll cut her off at the pass, so to speak..."

After disconnecting, I stood up. "I've got to go. Judge Lorraine McGill just got one demonstration of the Power of the Crowbar, but might need another one..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"I am telling you, Sheriff Allgood," snarled Lorraine McGill, "I have never been treated so disrespectfully in my entire life!" She was standing in front of the Sheriff's desk in his office. Daniel Allgood was standing behind the desk, absorbing the tongue-lashing, wondering why he was taking flak for things he did not yet understand.

"That Captain Ross's actions were inexcusable!" shouted Judge McGill. "Who the hell does she think she is----"

"She thinks she's a Police Captain with the Town & County Police Force." said a voice behind her. Lorraine whirled to see Your Iron Crowbar at the door, my face only a shade lighter red than my hair. "And she thinks she is Chief of Detectives. And she's right, you know."

"Furthermore," I continued, taking a few steps closer, "Captain Ross is one of the greatest Police Officers in the history of this Town & County's Police Forces, with the Medal of Valor, Distinguished Service Award, and two Purple Orders to her credit. As to today, she acted correctly, efficiently, and in my opinion with great restraint in disrupting your inexcusable actions in my Police Headquarters today."

Judge McGill was staring daggers at me as I spoke. She then turned to the Sheriff. "What do you have to say about your subordinates just walking in here like that?"

Sheriff Allgood grew a spine (and some balls) and said "I'm going to do what Commander Troy is doing, taking up for his people, as Captain Ross took up for her people."

"Oh good heavens!" said an exasperated Judge McGill. "Sheriff, you ought to think about your future, and your upcoming election. Get your Police Department fixed, or you'll regret it." She turned to go. A red crowbar blocked her way, with me behind it.

"Judge McGill," I said coldly, "Captain Ross was right about one other thing: you are a person of interest in the murder of Tammy Cochran. Don't leave the County without informing the Police Department. If you do, you might find yourself being arrested by Federal Marshals and brought back to this County... under arrest." She did not bother to reply, but brushed past me and out of the office.

"Are you for real?" Daniel asked, totally stunned. "Is she a suspect?"

"Yes, Sheriff." I said. "Sorry for barging in on you. I'll be going back to work now."

"Uh, yeah..." said the Sheriff. "By the way, why the Duty Dress uniform?"

"Oh, that." I said, having forgotten I was wearing it. "I took Jim to see old Mr. Davis today. I just felt like it was the right thing to do." The Sheriff nodded, finally understanding something on this day.

Part 18 - Cause And Effect

Returning to Headquarters, I was met in the hallway by Captain Ross. "I've already heard about the little meeting at the Sheriff's office. Thank you for taking up for me."

"Just doing my job." I said. "And thank you for doing the right thing and busting that woman's chops on behalf of your Detectives. Good work, Crowbar 2."

We then went into MCD, where Detectives were discussing what had happened earlier. "Okay, folks," I said "it seems that I miss all the great parties. So what did you learn from Tommy?"

"Everything and nothing, sir." said Joanne. "By that I mean that we heard Tommy's story and got some questions answered, but at the same time raised more questions, and he and his parents are still suspects."

"As his mother was told today... twice." I said. "And Captain Ross demonstrated with a great example that this Police Force and its Detective Division will not be intimidated by politicians throwing their weight around. Okay, what are your theories of this case, what with all this fresh excitement going on?"

"I don't know about your theories..." said a voice behind us, "... but I've got some more data for you!" The voice was Tanya Perlman's, and her cherubic smile was very bright as she drove into MCD. "Ooooh, sharp looking uniform, Commander. Who are you trying to impress today?"

"You, of course." I replied with a wink and a grin. "I had a premonition you were coming to see us today." Tanya grinned back, loving our flirtatious rapport, as she always did.

"What I have for you, at long last," Tanya said, "are the DNA results from Tammy Cochran and her unborn baby. We have much better techniques than six years ago, as the science and technology are growing by leaps and bounds, and the supercomputers help. But it still took time. We analyzed this data as hard as we could, but we still couldn't get a clear lock on Tommy being the father of the baby. The markers point to him, but it's still only 80% certainty at the very best, and really only about 68% from the derivative-level analysis."

"Not much help." said Teddy Parker.

"Mmmm, don't be too sure about that." I said. Tanya peered at me, then nodded in understanding.

"Well, it's degraded." said Joanne. "We're probably lucky to have gotten this much out of it. Captain Perlman, did you get any ballistics on the bullets?"

"Enough to match to a gun, if you can find the correct one." said Tanya.

"Okay." I said. "Y'all carry on. I started some forest fires today, so now I've gotta go put them out. Ms. Perlman, if I can see you in my office when you're done here, I'd appreciate it."

"Sir, I know you want us to solve this case without you," said Theo, "but are there any hints you can give to guide us along?"

"As if I know the answer myself, which I don't." I replied. "But I'll mention two points that I think are very important: first, Judge McGill retired almost immediately after Tammy disappeared; and second, J.G. McGill sold off the land he once owned, that included that clearing where the body was found and the pond. I think those are very, very interesting actions."

As I left the room, I turned back and said "By the way, Captain Ross," I said, "your vacation request for the 13th through 17th of November is approved. Have fun with Callie in California, and don't do anything I wouldn't do."

"There's very little that you wouldn't do, sir." said Cindy. "But thank you."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It was dark outside. The Chief had left, and as I was walking down the hall I saw that a lamp light was on in Cindy's office. I knocked on the door. "Come in." I heard Cindy say.

"Working pretty late tonight." I said as I came in. "What's up?"

"Have a seat, sir." Cindy said. I sat down on the loveseat sofa. "I'm just going over this cold case stuff. I have to admit I'm pretty fired up about Judge McGill coming in like she did today... then going to the Sheriff about me when I kicked her ass out of here."

I smiled. "I'm glad you did kick her out. It gave me the opportunity to cold-bust her right in front of the Sheriff. Wonder who she'll go to over that." Cindy gave a brief smile. Then I finished: "And you're also still pissed off about what I said to you yesterday." Ice blue eyes affixed upon me.

"Not really." Cindy said. "You were right, I was using you as a crutch when I should be figuring out things myself. But none of us, none of us, not even Chief Griswold, can hope to match you and your insight. Maybe your mother, but that's it."

"Don't sell yourself or the Detectives short." I said. "But I do think there's an interesting parallel... I goaded you yesterday, and lit a fire under you. So I have to wonder exactly what Judge McGill's motives are in goading me and all of you." Ice blue eyes affixed upon me again, but with different thoughts behind them.

"Well, I better get home." I said. "We've got little Doug's birthday tomorrow, then Ross's birthday on Sunday. I need a weekend just to get ready for the weekend. Meanwhile, don't you keep Callie waiting up too long."

"Yes sir. Good night, sir." Cindy said as I left the office. I then went to the Duty Desk and told them that if Captain Ross was still in her office one hour from now, to call me. But Cindy Ross had me figured out; she left 58 minutes later...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Saturday, November 3d, 10:00am. Mrs. Williams led the visitors into Mr. Davis's room. Mr. Davis woke up, and looked up at his visitors.

"Strait? No, it can't be..." the old man said, looking and sounding confused.

"This is Coltrane County Deputy Sheriff Strait." said the other visitor."And I'm Captain Teresa Croyle of the TCPD."

"Hello, Mr. Davis." said Strait politely and respectfully. "The man you knew in the war was my grandfather's brother."

Mr. Davis looked up in wonder. "Well, I declare... you look just like him, son. So, you're a Deputy Sheriff?"

"Yes sir, like my father was." said Strait. Mr. Davis nodded.

"Honorable. Very honorable. So what happened to my friend Strait?" asked Mr. Davis. "Your grandfather's brother, you said?"

"Yes sir." said Strait, who was dressed in his formal Sheriff Department uniform with jacket and tie, his hat in his hand. "After coming home from France, he got married, had a son and a daughter. He stayed in the Army Reserve, and was called up when the Korean War broke out. He died when the Chinese crossed the Yalu River."

Mr. Davis looked sad. "Well, I'm sorry to hear that. He was a good man, and a great soldier. So where is his family now?"

"I don't know, sir." said Deputy Strait. "His wife remarried, and they moved east, to the Carolinas somewhere. I've never met any of them." Teresa was absorbing every word of the conversation.

"That's too bad." said Mr. Davis. "Here son, have a seat, and let me tell you about your great-uncle." Deputy Strait sat down, and was educated about his great-uncle for the next thirty minutes. He and Teresa were an attentive audience. And Mr. Davis seemed happy to be able to relay the stories before his final Destiny would overtake him. He finally ran out of steam.

It was time to leave and let Mr. Davis rest, but before they went, Teresa took out a blue box and opened it. "This is my father's Medal of Honor, Mr. Davis. Commander Troy said you wanted to see it." She handed the opened box to the old man. He looked upon the gold medal and the light blue ribbon above it, then held it in his hand for a moment.

"Thank you for bringing this for me to see." said Davis. "I heard about what your father did in Viet Nam. 173d Airborne. I was in the 101st Airborne... close kin." Teresa nodded as the old man reminisced. 

Finally, he closed the box and handed it back to her. "You are destined to follow his heroism, young lady." Davis said, peering at her with old eyes. "I won't be here to see it, but you are your father's daughter." Teresa said nothing as she put the box back in her purse...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Little Doug, biological son of Todd Burke and Melina Troy Allgood, was now four years old. We had a party for him at Todd and Teresa's home, and of course brought Carole and Jim, and little Marie was also invited. And to everyone's surprise, Melina came to the party, though Daniel and the Allgood children did not.

Todd took over hosting duties along with my mom, as Teresa and I were doing a lot of quiet talking.

"Deputy Strait said his great uncle's family moved to the Carolinas." Teresa said. "I showed Mr. Davis my father's Medal of Honor. I think it meant something to Mr. Davis, and he mentioned the 173d Airborne Brigade being 'kin' to the 101st Airborne. I'd never thought of things like that."
