 Chapter 1:  The Meeting

My story is a strange one. Or, maybe it isn't so strange. My name is Tammy; I am a 36-year-old divorcee. I loved my life. My job was rewarding, and challenging, I dated casually, and hung out with friends. I had a lot going for me. Then, I met him. Ed. The minute his eyes connected with mine, my life took a wild turn. 

I had seen him around from time to time, and always when his blue eyes met my gaze, there was an electrical current that passed between us. I usually looked away first. It was too intense, too real. I always watched him walk away. His long blonde hair lying across his broad shoulders always incited fantasies in me. I wondered what it would feel like falling across my face.

I am not a beautiful woman. I am very attractive, pretty, and to some men very sexy. I am short, and sort of curvy, with short wavy blonde hair, and deep blue eyes. What makes me sexy is my very sensual nature. I love sex. I had seen Ed with women before; they were all older than I, and a totally different type. I wasn't sure what he saw in them, especially when I was sure I could offer him something he would never forget.

I was really surprised when one day, he spoke to me. I was sitting at the bar of a neighbor hood pub, talking to the bartender, who was a friend of mine. He sat next to me, and said, "Hello there." Eric stopped talking and looked from Ed to me, and then left us alone. I turned to face him, and was once again amazed at the intensity of his eyes. "I saw you sitting here, and thought to myself that I just had to finally speak to you." 

I raised an eyebrow and smiled at him. I hadn't wanted to smile, it is never cool to seem too eager, but damn, he was fine. "Hello back" I said. Then I did that mental thing and chided myself for being lame. He reached up and traced my lip with a finger. 

"Nice lips." He said. I was speechless. His thumb was lingering on my lower lip. My tongue chose this moment to have a mind of its own and reached out to lick the tip of his thumb. His eyes narrowed slightly. He stuck his thumb into my mouth, I ran my tongue around it, and then sucked on it slightly. He pursed his lips. And then he said, "come on, lets get out of here." I waved to Eric, who winked at me, and left with Ed, hand in hand. 

I took him to my place, which was just around the corner. We were in each other's arms before the door was shut. He reached up and pushed his hands into my hair, gazing deeply into my eyes as he lowered his mouth to mine. His lips were strong, firm, and yet gentle. His tongue pushed into my mouth and did a dance with mine. I kept my eyes open and saw that his were too. The passion blossomed between us. His hands played over my shoulders, crushing the silk of my shirt. I found my hands in the silkiness of his tresses, and running over the planes of his face, into his beard, and tracing his lips, while they were still connected to mine. 

He pressed his hips against me, and I could feel his erection against my hip. His hands began unbuttoning my blouse, and pushing it down my arms. I let it drop to the floor in a blood red puddle. His hands reverently traced my breasts. My black bra was striking against my pale skin. My nipples were barely contained, they were so hard, and erect. He reached behind me and expertly unhooked the clasp. His hands brushed my skin as he removed it from my arms. He dropped the scrap of lace on top of the puddle of silk. I then stilled his hands as I helped him remove his shirt from the waistband of his jeans. He pulled it over his head and my hands were instantly drawn to the skin of his chest. It was smooth, and hard. 

He crushed me to him, my breasts against his chest. The way it felt was intoxicating. Once again, his lips found mine briefly, and then he pushed my back and took my breasts in his hands, his thumbs circling my nipples. As he did that, I unbuckled his belt, and unbuttoned his jeans. I slid them down his legs, and he stepped out of them. I hooked my thumbs into the band of his briefs, and slid them down too. He stood before me, glorious in his nudity. He watched look him over. I looked up and met his eyes, knowing that my eyes were glazed with desire. He unfastened the back button of my skirt, and slid the zipper down it slid off me easily. I stood before him in my black silk thigh highs and garter. He didn't seem to mind. 

I took his hand and led him into my bedroom, not remembering if I had made the bed that morning or not, and then, I didn't care as his hands took hold of me and shoved me down onto the bed. He crushed me beneath him, and took my mouth in his. I could feel him against my thigh. His hands were running over my skin, sending shocks through me. As his hands grazed over my belly, and began to explore my pubic area, I felt myself get wetter, and I knew that it was going to be a hot, juicy night. His hands began to journey into my pussy, slowly circling my clit, and then plunging deeply into me. I arched my back, when he wiggled his fingers, stroking my g-spot. He finger fucked me until I came all over his hand. He had not stopped kissing me the entire time. His mouth captured my moans, and sighs.

After I recovered from that orgasm, I pushed him off of me, and had him lean back. I began kissing his chest, then lower to his stomach, making little bites as I went. I felt him tremble beneath me in anticipation. He had felt me suck on his thumb; he knew what was coming next. I licked the length of his dick, slowly. Then I took the tip of him into my mouth, sucking slightly, tasting his pre-cum. I suddenly took all of him into my mouth, and began sucking and stroking him with my tongue. I could hear him urging me on, telling me how good it felt. I stroked his balls in one hand and massaged his prostate with my finger. I was really enjoying it, getting into it, when he stopped me. He said he didn't want to cum yet. 

I climbed on top of him, and impaled myself on his dick. Oh, God. He filled me up. He raised his hips to meet me, and it was incredible. I rode him for a time, letting him play with my clit, and spilling juice all over him. Then he rolled me over, and pushed my legs on to his shoulders. He fucked me hard, and fast, and deep and rough, and I was lost in it. I came hard, and I came often. He moaned every my cum spilled all over him, and the bed. 

His hands cupped my ass, to raise my hips up, while his fingers played with my ass hole. His thumb pushed up a little, then another finger, then two. I wanted it. I shifted enough for him to push his dick into me, slowly, then further and further. I sighed as he slid into me. It is hard to describe the way it feels, anal sex. It takes over. It is beyond comprehension to me, how good it feels. The pain is part of it; it puts sex on another level, and makes it better. While he fucked my ass, I played with my clit, I came so many times that night that I lost count. 

He pulled out of me, saying he had to rest a minute. Then he went to the bathroom, and came back. I assumed he went in to clean up. When he came back, he began finger fucking me again. I was sore, but I wanted more. I came again, and then he really fucked me. He fucked me so totally, his dick ramming into me, again and again. The slap of skin against skin echoed off the walls. My screams tore into the night. His sweat dropped on my face and chest, to mingle with mine, then he came with me. Hard and fast. Deeply hot. I lay trembling beneath him as he collapsed on me, trembling and exhausted. I kissed his shoulder, and held him, running my hands over his back.

Eventually he rolled over, pushing his hair out of his face. He looked at me, through hooded blue eyes and said, "Fuck, that was incredible." I smiled at him and said, "I knew it would be." Then we slept. I have seen him a few times since then. We are feeling our way on this, neither of us knowing exactly where to go with it. One thing we are both sure of, the sex is amazing. That in itself goes a long way.

Look for more of Ed and Tammy, as the story unfolds, I will share with you all.