 The neighbor's damn dog started barking at 8 am, waking me up. Mercedes was on her side with her cute round ass against me and still sound asleep hugging a pillow. Sitting up, I removed the covers and looked over at the beautiful curves of her nakedness. I gently turned her on her back and watched this lovely angel in peaceful slumber. With my lustful eyes, I slowly scanned down her body, stopping ever so often to gaze at her assets. Those nice C cup firm tits, flat stomach and shaved pink pussy had me remembering how much fun I had, pounding that hot bod the night before. The new ink that I did earlier saying "Horny Mercedes" tattooed in script over her pussy mound, put a huge smile across my face. As she turned on her side, she bent those nice long legs inciting my need to fuck her again. But I decided to get up and make some java instead of satisfying my urge. I figured she would need a pick me up from all of the booze she consumed last night and probably wouldn't want any sex. As I went to make a pot of coffee, the annoyance of the dog continual howling was becoming unbearable. Opening my back window, I yelled out to shut that fucking mutt up. Finally my neighbor came out and took the hound in.

It wasn't more than 10 minutes later, when I heard a shriek from Mercedes. I rushed back into the bedroom to see her sitting up with all of the covers off and looking down at her pussy. She had tears in her eyes when she asked, "Oh my god! Tito, did you do this to me? What am I going to say to Tyler?" 

As tears ran down her lovely cheeks, I sat down next to her and tried to console her panic. Putting my arm around her shoulders and hugging her softly, I slowly replied, "But M, you said you wanted something to remind you of this weekend. So I suggested a tattoo and you agreed. This is what you wanted. I'm sorry if you don't like it now." 

I know it was a big fib, but I wanted her to accept it and the message of her always being a horny slut. Sniffling she asked, "So it was all my idea?"

I chuckled and whispered, "Oh yes it was M. I thought it came out great. Too bad you passed out before I was done, so you didn't get to see the finished product. Don't you remember last night at all?"

Being totally gullible and believing me, she turned to me and smiled. Her eyes were now happy as she said, "Oh Tito. I remember most of it especially the loving you gave me. I really enjoyed feeling you in me again and giving so many wonderful orgasms. But after the last time you came, I thought we just went to sleep. Oh wait a minute! I do remember telling you to do something before I fell asleep. Oh my god! It was all my idea." 

Then innocently she put her head on my shoulder and sighed. "But what will I tell guys who see it?"

I laughed and answered, "Tell Tyler it's an old tattoo. As for other guys, they'll love seeing it. You won't have to tell them anything. Once they see it on your pussy, they'll know you're going to be a great fuck." 

That seemed to calm her. Afterwards, I asked if she wanted a cup of coffee. She smiled, said yes and told me she had to go pee. So I moved to the side and she attempted to get up. Sitting at the edge of the bed, she said, "Tito, I don't feel too good."

Moving next to her, I asked what was wrong. She told me her head was hurting and she felt sick. Helping her up, I walked her over to the bathroom. Closing the door behind her she went in alone. 

I ran to the kitchen, took a glass and poured some tomato juice in it. Then I open a cabinet, took a jar of this brown powder that a chemist friend gave me as a hangover remedy and poured a scoop in the glass. I quickly mixed it up and ran back into the bathroom. Mercedes was sitting on the toilet, hands over her head, and groaning in agony. When I handed it to her, I told her to drink it all up. Looking up at me with sad eyes, she took the mixture. As she started to sip it, I said, "No M, just guzzle it to get it down." She did and I left. 

It was about fifteen minutes later, when she finally emerged from the lavatory. She looked better as she gingerly walked back to the bedroom. Laying down she asked, "What was in that drink Tito. I feel so much better, but need to rest a little longer."

I told her it was a special hangover mixture and to turn over. She lay on her stomach as I began to gently massage her naked body. Shoulders first and slowly down her back to her ass then finishing at her feet. As I started back up her gorgeous smooth legs, I could feel myself becoming hard. Gently I spread her legs apart and massaged her inner thighs working up to her vulva. Gently, I brushed up against it and when she sighed in pleasure, I knew she was feeling better for a fuck. She kept softly moaning as I spread her lips. But then I stopped. She turned back and asked why I quit and I said, "M, I didn't want to keep going if you are still not feeling good. Maybe a nice shower will make you feel better." 

Turning on her back and sitting up, she swung over and dangled her legs over the edge of the bed. Looking at me with her eyes now twinkling she muttered, "Oh Tito, I'm feeling much better now, but maybe a nice shower will feel really good. Will you take one with me?" 

I grinned and told her it would be my pleasure. We hugged and she got up. I followed watching her cute ass sway toward the bathroom. Stopping at a cabinet, I grabbed a bottle of her special shampoo that I still had. I turned on the water to the overhead large water spigot of my newly remodeled shower. It was 4 feet by eight feet, with an overhead spray head and a wall nozzle with an extender hose that the shower head could be adjusted into ten different flows. There was a nicely tiled seat in the rear that I have fucked other girls on. 

Once Mercedes got in, I turned on the overhead shower and a gentle warm spray began flowing over her. I quickly took off my robe and stood behind her. She tilted her head back and enjoyed the water flowing over her face. As the water continued running over her cum stained body, she took her hands and washed her face with the warm liquid softly sighing in pleasure. I took some soap and began washing her shoulders and back. Then I poured some shampoo and began washing her hair. She sighed telling me how good it felt. Reaching around, I washed her breast stopping at her nips to gently pinch them. She bent forward leaning her hands against the wall as I soaped up her ass and ran my hand in between her firm cheeks. I even pushed a soapy finger in her ass entrance. She pushed up so I could go farther in. Soon I had two fingers inside her anal cavity. While soaping it up, she began to purr saying "Oh Tito, that feels so good." 

Pulling my fingers out, I washed the rest of her ass. She spread her legs apart and sensually said, "Oh don't stop Tito. I want you right now. I'm so horny and I love what you are doing."

She turned around and bent down to grab my enlarging cock. Rubbing it to a hardened state, she took me over to the tiled seat. Telling me to sit here, she turned to face away. Straddling over me, she slowly sat down on my hard rod and guided it into her ass. It was tighter then her pussy was the night before. Once I was all the way in her anal cavity, she started to grind in a circular motion over me. She leaned her back against me and put her hands over me. Leaning her head back, she softly said, "You feel so good in me, darling. Do I feel good to you?"

I lifted her off and pumped up into her hot widening hole and answered, "Oh Yes baby. You feel so tight and hot. I've always loved fucking your ass." 

She sighed and giggled, as I pushed my shaft up to my balls into her soaped hole. She softly moaned as I continued lifting her up and down on my raging hard cock. Then she leaned up a little, put her hands on the tile seat and began pushing down on my cock as I pumped up in her. As she sped up her movement, I fell out a few times, which she quickly grabbed my rod and pushed it back into her open hole. She felt like she was in heat while moaning, "Oh god Tito. You feel so good fucking my ass. Oh god! That's it go deeper! Yes! Yes!"

Instead of going faster, I held her around the waist and lifted her up. Then I put her down on all fours and went back into her anal hole. As stood over her speedily pumping in and out, she moaned in heavenly bliss. I had forgotten how much she liked being fucked in her ass. The water ran over us, as I enjoyed hearing this nympho's cries of pleasure. As I kept up the pace, I thought of how much fun it would be to get her gang banged or whored out. I kept imagining guy after guy ramming their cocks into her holes. Those thoughts drove me too finally cum with a blast of sperm imploding deep in her ass. When she felt me spewing, she turned back to me and sensually said, "Oh Tito! You feel so good cuming in me. Ah darling, that's it. Keep cuming. Oh yes!"

Mercedes was always so fucking willing to do anything that felt good. When I finally finished my squirting, I pulled out and stood up. Turning on the side faucet, I grabbed the faucet head and pulled it down to my cock and washed myself off. Then I turned it to her open ass hole and pushed it in. She turned back, and looked as the warm water washed her inner anal cavity clean. When I finished, she stood up. Her knees were reddened from the hard service, as she put her arms around my neck and said, "I'm so happy right now. I think I love you. You always know what excites me and makes me happy."

Then she gave me a huge passionate French kiss. It was exactly what I wanted to hear. Mercedes telling me she loves me. Now I know I can get her to fuck anyone I wanted. That's exactly what she said last year after we were dating for a few months. After she told me that the last time, I had her prove it to me by talking her into whoring for me and Jim. This time I may need to use a different tactic. 

As we continued kissing, I enjoyed her lips and tongue. She was always a great kisser. When she pulled back to look into my eyes, I answered, "I want you so much too and missed you. I missed your smile and kisses. I missed your warm body so willing to please. I missed guys telling me that you were greatest fuck ever. I missed seeing your eyes glistening in happiness after you had sex. You made me the happiest guy in the world and I loved watching you in sexual bliss. I love being with you too. But gorgeous what about Tyler and getting married?" 

She took a big sigh and kissed me again. Afterwards she laughed and softly said, "What he doesn't know won't hurt him. I just realized that I love the sex so much; I don't think I could give it up again. I want you so very much, but also need to stay with Tyler. Can't I have both?" 

My thoughts were churning into how I could get this hot and horny slut back into my clutches. I needed some time to think of a plan. Quickly I answered, "Sure you can. Let me think of a way so he wouldn't find out." 

Happily, she kissed me again and I knew she would be a little whore again, doing exactly what I told her to do. 

After we dried off, I went and got her the pink silk robe she used to wear for me. I keep it for girls to wear that stay over. It is so short that it barely covered her ass. I loved sitting next to her and seeing her pink cunt exposed for play around the apartment. She had lots of fun teasing me too. As we sat and drank coffee looking into each other eyes as lusty lovers, when I heard someone yelling, "Tito, are you up there?"

It sounded like fat Jim and I yelled back I was. As we heard the footsteps slowly climbing the stairs, Mercedes asked who it was and I told her it was Jim. An excited smile crossed her face as we heard him yelling, "So how did your date go with Mercedes last night Bro. Did you get any like you planned?" 

I didn't answer until he stuck his head in the kitchen and saw her sitting there. Her legs were crossed with the robe barely covered her assets. You could tell she was naked under it. His big fat round face instantly turned red when he saw Mercedes smiling. Taking a sip of coffee, she giggled and answered, "Oh I did get some just like I planned Jim. Tito was just along for the ride!" She laughed after she said that. 

I laughed, put my hand on her legs and said, "Oh and what a fun ride it was too!" 

Standing there Jim just smiled and laughed along with us. He took a cup and poured himself some coffee. Suddenly the doorbell rang to my shop. I looked at a clock and whined that I was late opening up the place. I quickly put on a pair of sweats and walked down stairs. There was this cute couple that had a 10 am appointment for tattoos. They were apologetic about being early. I looked at the clock and answered that they were on time and I was running late. We talked for some time and I gave them some art books of what they wanted tattooed. Then I went back upstairs to get my work clothes on and get another cup of coffee.

Mercedes and Jim were nowhere in sight. After I poured my coffee, I went into my bedroom and opened the door. To my surprise, Mercedes was naked sitting on Jim and riding him like she was in heat. She was softly moaning, "That's it big boy! Give it to me! Oh yes I love it!"

Jim was wheezing like he needed to breathe. Watching them for a moment, I forgot what a big fat tub of lard he was. And there was petite Mercedes fucking that fat slob like lost lovers. After some time staring at them, I got my clothes and left leaving the door open behind me. As I did, I took another look at Mercedes fucking Jim. She turned back, saw me watching and moaned, "Ah Tito, this feels so good. I hope you're not angry with me." 

I smiled, shook my head no, and left them to their fun. As I walked down stairs, I was happy that Mercedes was fucking Jim. I knew she would now fuck anyone I wanted no matter what the guy looked like. But my mind kept wondering who I could get to pay me for pounding her cunt in such short notice. Suddenly, an idea flashed in my head. I would take her to the biker bar I knew. I smiled as that though radiated my consciousness. But how could I talk her into going there and then fucking? That part of the plan still needed deliberation.

It was some time that they came downstairs. I was just finishing a butterfly on this cute girls ass, when I heard Jim say, "Sorry to bother you Bro, but I'm going to take Mercedes to get her car and then take her to lunch. Where is the back gate lock key so I can park it in the back?" 

Looking up, I pointed to the key rack and told him it was the second key. He went over to get it and Mercedes came over to look at what I was doing. She sighed and asked if I was angry with her. I stopped tattooing and looked up at her twinkling eyes and smiled. I told her I wasn't angry at all and to have fun. She threw me a kiss and they left. 

It was some time later, after my love bird clients left with their tattoos. I went and looked in the back and I saw a newer silver two-door Benz parked in the back. I wondered who car it was. Then I noticed the personalized license plate "MER4MER". I knew it was Mercedes car. Turning on the SC football game, I got myself something to eat and made myself comfortable. Around 3 pm my downstairs buzzer went off, notifying me of possible customers walking in.

"Hey Tito" someone yelled. "Are you up there?" 

Rushing down, I saw Sam and his brother Justin dressed in their motorcycle garb. They were two guys I used to ride with a few years back. Now I'm a business man or I like to think I am. Sam is the older 50 something guy with a pot belly, medium length bread and long graying hair in a ponytail. He was wearing a skull bandana and his leather vest. Justin was in his forties, muscular thin and just a mustache. He had short hair and groomed. He was in a black leather vest too. I remembered he was now living in Arizona. 

"Hey Tito," Justin said. "It's been a long time since I've seen you. How have you been?" 

I answered I was doing okay. He continued, "I was wondering if you weren't too busy to give me a new tattoo." 

I walked up to him and gave him a big manly hug and told him I could. I laughed and asked what he was doing in town. Justin told me about a birthday party for Hammer this evening and he came in for it. He asked if I wanted to see his new hog. So we went outside and I looked at this nice bright red Harley with gold flames on it. It was a dream bike. Then he told me that he's into finance now and found the love of his life. That's why he needed a tattoo of her. 

As Justin was picking out a tattoo, I got them a beer and we talked about old times. Just as I started to stencil it on before I inked it, Mercedes and Jim came back. She was talking as she came through the front door. I looked up at her dressed to kill. She was wearing a light weight white cotton sun dress. Her nips were protruding from under the tight material and it fell just below her knees. The light shining through it silhouetted her form, like she wasn't wearing anything under it. She had on 4" platform white heels with gold inlay that made her look taller. Jim was carrying some bags and she blurted, "Tito, do you like my new dress? Sorry for being so late but we went shopping because I needed some fun clothes to wear. I hope you like this dress?" 

She was parading around, twirling and laughing. She was so happy. Then she came up to me and kissed me and asked how long I was going to be, because she was getting horny again. I was just starting on Justin, so I answered a few hours. She looked disappointed but then Jim blurted, "Mercedes, Tommy will be here in a few minutes. I'm sure you can wait for him." 

She giggled like she was high on something and told us that she had forgotten about him. Then she mentioned that she needed to get ready for him and left for upstairs. Jim laughed and told us that he gave her a few hits of a joint and she gets forgetful. He continued laughing when he told me that Tommy used to fuck her and always had a soft spot for her. He was one of the guys that have keep asking when Mercedes was coming back. Then he gave out a huge bellowing laugh and told us that he's paying him 8 bills to fuck her again. He left walking upstairs, snickering to himself. 

After he left Sam asked, "Is that Mercedes the girl you used to whore out on Sundays?" I answered it was. 

We talked about her and leaving me months ago and why she is back. Sam smiled asking if he could fuck her this time, since he didn't get a chance last time. I laughed and told him I would see. As we kept taking about Mercedes, this tall skinning guy came in. He had a long face and was dressed like he had money. Then he asked if this was where Mercedes was staying and I told him that she's upstairs waiting for him. He smiled and rushed up the stairs. Sam laughed and said, "Well I guess that's Tommy. You think he's going to fuck her?"

I laughed and said, "Oh yeah I bet on it. Jim wouldn't have him over if he wasn't there to pay to fuck Mercedes and I hope he does. That just means she'll be whore later too." 

I chuckled suddenly remembering how she got after smoking a joint and Jim's were always potent. It was a few minutes later Jim yelled down if they could use the spare room and I yelled back they could. Later, we heard giggling from Mercedes. I forgot the room was directly over my tattooing station. Then the head board suddenly was banging against the back wall and the springs were squeaking. Mercedes was loudly moaning to fuck her harder and the noise went on for about 5 minutes then all was quite. Justin laughed and said something about that being really short. After some time we heard the bed squeaking again and Tommy yelling at her to turn over on all fours. Louder moaning and head board banging for 12 minutes or so, until it was quite again. We all laughed and thought he was done.

To our surprise and after a long time, it all started again. I could hear Mercedes loudly moaning and verbally telling him how good he felt fucking her. Then she yelled for him to fuck her ass. The bed kept squeaking for a longer time. It was like listening to a porn movie without picture. Just the sounds of pleasure radiated the down stairs. Finally we heard him telling her to open her mouth because he was going to cum in it. Then he yelled for her to swallow it. Sometime later, Tommy came down stairs whistling. When he passed us, he just smiled like a happy champion who just won first prize. He didn't know we could hear everything that went on.
