 It was one of those mornings where I just couldn't be bothered, with anything. My day off had so far been spent on the usual mundane housework. I guess my enthusiasm showed in the way, I hurried up polishing the window. I stood on tip toes at the window rubbing hard at the top, where some stupid mark would come off, my belly showing to the world where my t-shirt ended and my jeans began. My growing hair was flopping all over my face, and it was when I stopped to push back my fringe when I noticed him walking down the garden path. 

Oh typical, I thought, a Jehovah's Witness that's all I need. 

Jumping down from the chair, I walked from the lounge to answer the door. I opened the door, and as I looked at him he lifted his head from the brief case and smiled. I don't remember too many specific details from that moment on. 

Something about, selling. Never to be repeated offer, would I like to see some leaflets? You know the stuff all the riff you politely nod about before you shut the door in their face. 

Looking at his the ID tag on his smart crisp suit, I found myself opening the door wider, as I tidied my hair, and invited him in. 

"Looks it cold ...Curt. Won't you come in and tell me about it." 

He smiled, wiped his feet and walked in. Looking down at my two daft mutts, wagging their tails hopelessly, tongues lolling. I thought...huh look at us 3 silly bitches, we're all sat drooling and waggling our tail ends at the guy! Pushing the dogs out of his way, I led him to the lounge. 

Sitting there mesmerized, the whole thing happened, slow motion…oh painful, he talked in an animated fashion, I almost believed the sales pitch, the man was art in motion, everything down to the cheeky wink and grin. I found myself squirming and wiggling in my seat, flushing, I realised I was turned on by him. Leaning forward in my chair, I sat and watched the curve of his lip as he talked, and imagined kissing it, taking it in my mouth and sucking and nibbling. Seeing the strong neck as he turned for another leaflet in his briefcase, I wanted to run my tongue over it, softly blowing at his ear. 

"… and this week we will also include a free trip to Mars" he stopped and looked at me, "Look lady, you haven't listened to a word I have said." 

I shook my head, and snapped out of it, blustering I tried to talk my way out of it. Then he began to laugh, leaning forward he reached out and touched my lips with one finger, motioning me to be quiet, his eyes suddenly serious. His finger ran from my lips, down my chin, throat and onto my chest, where it trailed off into the v-neck of my shirt touching gently at where my breasts began. My heart was beating so fast, as he stood and removed his jacket, and knelt before me. A soft smile spread on his face as he kissed my ever so softly. I should have said no, stood up and pushed him away, but I couldn't, I responded as his kiss grew hungrier, my arms coming up and wrapping around him. 

I looked over to my windows as he kissed at my neck, I tried to stand up and go to shut the drapes at my large bay windows. But someone might see. He silenced me once more with a kiss. 

Pulling me up Curt raised my arms and pulled my t-shirt from me, his hands came down and caressed so gently at my breasts pushing up against the cups of my bra, expertly he reached around me, loosening them from their restraints. Standing there my nipples hardening in the cool air, he almost moaned as his lips moved down and began to play with my breasts, taking each nipple in turn he sucked and nibbled, delighting in the size of them, his head pushing against their size, I felt cherished, and my body shivered in anticipation. My hands ruffled at his hair, as I stood their shamelessly in front of the window, my tits their for all the world to see as this gorgeous Curt, suckled at me in an obvious enchanted state. 

I groaned as he rose and started to loosen and undo my jeans, pulling them down over my hips, he knelt once more and helped me step from them, and as he pulled his hands to remove my panties, his kisses followed their path. A kiss on my stomach, a kiss on my neatly trimmed soft down, and a trail of kisses down my legs finishing at my feet as he pulled the panties away. Well. There was I, totally naked not a care in the world, stood in my own lounge the windows open for all to see and I didn't care. He nuzzled into my groin and kissed me there, softly blowing at the soft blonde hair. My knees trembled and I felt faint, a groan escaped my lips as his hand slipped up between my thighs and touched me there, I felt a finger slip into the moist folds and tease at my clit. Removing his finger, he looked up at me, and placing the finger to his lips he licked at my wetness on his fingers. I came down to Curt's level and began to kiss him hungrily, hurriedly undoing his tie and shirt, tossing them to one side. Then his trousers, slipping them over his hips and his pants, laying him back so that I could pull them from him. My god he lay there his back on the soft Persian rug, and he looked even better than he did with clothes on, I began hungrily kissing every part of him from his ankles, along each thigh, teasingly at his hardening cock, and back up to his face, as I met him back up there, he held me in his arms and kissed me with a passion and eagerness that excited me so much, purrs and moans escaped me as he led me to a peak, purely from his kissing, I felt my body shudder as a small orgasm rocked through me. Seeing this reaction seemed to heighten Curt's drive, he sat me up and then made me kneel, my face snuggled onto a cushion thrown on the floor, my behind up in the air, he parted my legs slightly, and licked and probed at me with his tongue, driving me wild as he fingered me whilst sucking and teasing at my clit, his tongue flicking at me which put me in a frenzy. 

"Oh sweet man, fuck me!" I begged him; he just chuckled and continued to tease at me, driving me harder and harder into an orgasm. I felt the heat of his smooth cock push at me, I smiled hoping he would thrust into me and take me so hard, I felt him enter me so slowly his width stretching me, pushing back against him, I forced myself onto his length, oh the bliss, it was magical and felt so right. Enjoying the moment so much I didn't realise at first that as he withdrew just as slowly that he didn't re-enter me. Walking round to the front of me, he stood there his hard throbbing member glistening with my juice, cupping the back of my head and gripping my hair slightly he pulled me up to meet it. He was so masterful yet gentle, as he moved his cock to my mouth. Grinning down at me, he whispered firmly "Suck," and I did as he told me. 

What sweet meat he was, this total stranger whose only name I knew was Curt, and yet here was I nestling his firmness on my tongue as I lick my own juice from him, sucking in hunger at him, my hands reaching up and caressing his seed filled balls, I started to take him deeper and deeper back, relaxing my throat until his glans almost choked me, breathing deep through my nose, I carried on the sucking motion, swallowing nothing but him, the action gripping at him. His back titled back and he thrust into me, his hips pushing his cock right in until they began a rhythmical fucking of my mouth. Pushing away slightly as I tasted the first dewy drops of his pre-cum, I licked at the salty fluid, washing the taste through my mouth. 

I looked up for approval, his hand pushed me back to it's place, and I started to relish him as I should, long slow sucks and licks, my mouth wrapping round him, my lips tightening as I sucked, pulling along the length of him, I moaned over him as I felt him grabbing my hair in pleasure. I felt such a slut, so nasty, but I loved it, I continued to treat that wonderful man meat as if it was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted and oh it was. 

Pulling at my hair once more he pulled me away from him and guided me up to him, I reached up and kissed him, and still holding my head in his hand he kissed me deeply once more. His mouth moved to my neck, biting and nibbling and then sucking, a painful suck and I just knew I would bruise; laughing inside as I knew I would have a love bite, my nails ground into his back. 

Curt then lifted me up, his arms and hands holding my bottom and he thrust his cock hard into me, the fluidity of his movement were unbelievable as he held me and thrust at me. My legs wrapped around his waist and I held on tight, my head flopping back in joy, he sat down on the chair behind him, and I bucked and rode him like I had never done in my life. My bodies weight pushing me deep unto him, my pussy clenching as tight as I could, I rode and rode until, I knew he was ready to come and I let go at the moment losing myself completely, fucking him as hard as I could, we both moaned loud as we climaxed together. I felt his hot seed rush into me and fill me, and run from me onto his lap. Holding him tight I lay against him breathing deeply together, out bodies hot and wet from the lovemaking. We stayed like that for a few minutes, and then lifting me from him onto the floor, he started to dress; I sat there with my knees huddled to my chest, my arms wrapped around them. 

With a slow wink, he smiled at me, "Well, I think I need to come back next week and explain this all some more to you." With that he walked to the door, grabbing his briefcase, he turned " I best see myself out" 

Hearing the door shut, I flopped back on the floor and wished that a particular salesman would return each week.