 Chapter 2 - Pretty as a Picture

 (C) Bad Hobbit

It's taken me quite a while to get round to taking Brenda to the next level. Hope you enjoy it as much as she does!

__________________________

"Now just let me do the talking, and watch what happens. You don't need to do anything if you don't want to, but let me know if you change your mind. I know what you're like when the juices start to flow."

I gave Annette a playful slap on the arm. She had talked me into going with her on a glamour shoot, basically to observe and to give me an idea of what it was like. I'd been doing the Sally Spring round for several weeks, and although Annette was sometimes with me, I was increasingly doing it solo. The money was useful -- maybe three sessions a week, giving me around £600 in total so far -- but I'd never get rich. Annette had told me that the starting rate for a photo shoot would be around £200 a session, and that would be just showing her breasts. She hinted that if she showed more, or even had sex with the photographer or another model on camera, she could make £500, even up to £1,000 for a single session. It sounded fascinating -- and rather scary.

Annette had told me that the photographer -- a guy who called himself Brad, probably because he fancied he looked a bit like Mr Pitt -- was actually fun to work with, not at all pushy and actually very good looking. She had worked with him before, and had shown me the results of one of his photo-shoots earlier in the week; black lingerie, open legs, toying with a dildo rather suggestively. She told me that after the shoot she had actually had sex with Brad, and that he was very good. That made me a bit jealous. I felt that Annette was my lover. I didn't want to share her with anyone, male or female, which was really a bit selfish as I still had regular sex with Derek. In fact, since the parties started, I'd found that I wanted sex a lot more, and both Derek and Annette were getting the benefit. And of course, me.

I really don't know what Derek thought was going on. Annette spent quite a lot of time at the house on the days that neither of us were working. Usually soon after Derek had left for work, she and I would get into bed and spend an hour or so making love. Sometimes it was slow, romantic and very sensuous. Sometimes it was hot, horny and dirty. But it was always fun. One morning Derek came back unexpectedly and nearly caught us at it. I had to bustle Annette into the shower and pretend to be looking for clothes in my wardrobe, and fortunately he didn't seem suspicious, though he did try to sneak a peek of Annette while she was showering, before I shoved him on his way. I also noticed that he took more trouble with his appearance these days, and the way he looked at Annette annoyed me a bit. I don't know why it should have done. After all, it was me, not him, who regularly got between her thighs.

So here we were, in Brad's studio. Annette was going to do a photo-shoot, and I was going to watch. The studio was set up so that a corner looked like a bedroom, with mirror-door wardrobes, fluffy rugs, a big bed -- everything you needed to make it look like the woman was in her own home. There were lights, cameras, reflectors and the usual photographic stuff, as well as a computer with a big screen set up for photo editing in the opposite corner. And in easy reach, a box full of dildos, vibrators, tubes of lubricant, blindfolds, handcuffs and other stuff I didn't want to look at too closely. I was a bit concerned at what I was walking into, I must say, though I reassured myself with the knowledge that Annette had done this before, so it couldn't be too scary.

And I needn't have worried. Brad turned out to be very pleasant and fiendishly attractive -- big blue eyes, white even smile, high cheekbones, nice, strong jaw, blonde floppy hair and a distinctly fit body. Annette had explained to Brad that I was curious about glamour work. He looked me up and down, and I thought 'Oh no, he's going to make some remark and I'm going to feel two inches tall and wish I'd never come'.

What he actually said was "I hope after you've seen me work with Annette that you decide to pose, Brenda. I've been asked to provide some pictures for a special MILF feature next month, and you could be the star of that if you wanted. It would be worth around three hundred -- more if you'd be a bit more adventurous."

Three hundred quid? I was tempted, but terrified. "What does 'MILF' mean?" I asked, wondering if it meant I had to do something strange with animals.

"It stands for 'Mother I'd Like to Fuck'. It means sexy older ladies -- like you -- that lots of guys go for. I've got one or two other models lined up, but you're definitely the prettiest I've seen. I could put you in the centre spread."

The words of that old song came back to me, a bit distorted. "My blood runs cold -- my granny is a centrefold!" But three hundred quid! I have to confess, I was very tempted.

"I -- I'll think about it for a bit. Can I just watch what you do with Annette before I decide?"

"Sure." He threw me a very winning smile, and then sat me down on a sofa facing the bed. 

Annette had come dressed in a nice, cream-coloured wrapover dress, which set off her lovely olive complexion. Brad starting taking pictures, and Annette started taking her clothes off. She slid the dress slowly back and down her arms. Underneath, she had a white lacy bra and tiny thong panties, with matching suspender belt and white stockings. Brad just moved around, clicking away as she removed the dress, posed in the underwear, then slid onto the bed and started to reveal more. First, a bra-cup pulled down; then the thong panties pulled to one side, then bunched and pulled into her slit, exposing tantalising glimpses of pussy lips.

I watched as Annette removed her bra and panties, and Brad took her through a range of poses; kneeling on the bed with her bum in the air , legs parted; on her back, legs spread, opening her pussy lips with her fingers; knees up to her boobs, displaying her slit. It was all a bit blatant, even gynaecological, but I could see Annette was wet -- and so was I. Brad kept moving around, taking pictures from all angles, and I could see from the bulge in his chinos that he was also turned on by it all. I'd have thought that he'd seen it all before, and sticking his camera lens into a girl's slit was all part of a day's work for him. But of course I felt that Annette was a bit special, and maybe Brad agreed.

After quite a few pictures, including some real close-ups, he handed Annette a cock-shaped vibrator and asked her to play with it. She licked it, rubbed it over her nipples and up and down her thighs, then slowly homed in on her pussy. She clearly enjoyed the feeling of the buzzing toy on her clit, but Brad was angling for more.

"Slide it inside you", he said softly. I was also eagerly anticipating watching her use the toy in that way. I was reminded of Hazel's request at my first Sally Spring party, eager to see me use the 'rabbit' in that most blatantly sexual way. "Go on girl, fuck yourself with it!" Her words had goaded me to masturbate in front of a roomful of strangers, and now I watched as my lover slowly slipped the buzzing plastic penis into her wet vagina. I had performed this particular act on Annette more than once, had her return the favour and enjoyed sessions when we had watched each other masturbate in this way. (We once had a race to see which of us could come first -- Annette won.) In this context it looked so horny I had to resist putting my own hand under my skirt.

Within a couple of minutes, Annette was writhing on the bed, now thrusting the plastic toy deep inside herself, now running it along her inner lips, finally pressing it to her clit and moaning out a strong orgasm. Brad was eagerly capturing every moment with his camera, and he was clearly very aroused.

"Beautiful! So beautiful Annette! I think that was your best photoset yet." Brad leaned across and kissed Annette on the lips. "Can I get you a drink? You must be thirsty after all that exertion," he asked, solicitously.

Annette asked for water, so I got up, poured a glass and took it to her. "You were fabulous. That was so sexy!" I smiled, and bent to kiss her as well. Our kiss was warmer than Brad's -- a kiss of lovers.

"Oooh!" said Brad. "How about a girl-girl session?"

"Not right now, you greedy boy!" Annette replied. "I'm spent for the moment."

"Hmmm, maybe later then?" Brad let the question hang in the air. I tried to ignore it, but his next question was aimed at me.

"So Brenda, you've seen what the photoshoot is all about. Would you like to have a go?"

I was very turned on by what I'd seen, but still terrified. "I -- I don't know. What would you do with the photos?"

"Like I said, I have a particular commission in mind for a specific magazine. They'll use it for the mag and their subscription-only website. So don't worry -- you won't be splashed all over the Internet."

"Would they -- are they likely to put my picture on the cover?" I could just imagine me, tits out, grinning down from the top shelf of W H Smiths for all the world to see.

"Probably not -- at least, not a full-cover spread." Brad was clearly anticipating my concerns. "But even if they did, these days men's mags are sold in semi-opaque polythene wrappers, so someone would have to want to buy it and take it off the shelf before they would see the cover pics. So you needn't worry. The only people who will see you are guys who pay for porn, and they're not likely to tell anyone they've been buying girlie mags or visiting porn sites, so your secret will be safe. So how would you like to pose?"

Brad's smile was sexy and seductive. He'd already made the assumption that I would go through with it -- and to be completely honest, so had I. It wasn't just the easy money. It was the thought of being a 'glamour model' -- at my age! It was the thought of turning on a young guy like Annette had done, and maybe lots more through the pages of the magazine. It was the sight of Annette getting wet and coming through the sheer, naughty thrill of posing naked and provocatively.

Brad asked me what I was wearing and what I'd feel comfortable doing. To be honest, I'd dressed with the expectation that I might actually do it. I had on a slinky knee-length dress and some of my favourite undies, as well as stockings and suspenders, at Annette's suggestion. For me, I favoured black, as white didn't work so well against my rather paler skin. I'd taken a lot of trouble over my make-up, including nail polish and a fresh waxing of my pussy -- though I didn't tell Brad that. I'd also worn a velvet choker with a pearl motif, which Annette thought looked sexy on me.

Brad suggested that I should do a strip, rather as Annette had done. "Imagine you've been on a romantic date with a handsome young lover. You're in his bedroom and he's going to make love to you. Undress the way you would to entice him into sex. Look at me, look at the camera. Seduce us."

Actually, I was trembling. I don't think I'd ever seduced a man in my life. Most of my first times with new lovers -- all a long time ago - had been very spontaneous, spur of the moment things. The guys may have planned them, but I hadn't -- though once or twice I'd certainly hoped for and anticipated being seduced. (That is, I'd put on my best undies and taken condoms and breath fresheners in my handbag).

This was all unfamiliar territory. I'd done the striptease bit a few times with Derek, but it's not the same when the object of your attention is a bit paunchy and looks more like Johnny Carson than Johnny Depp. My first thought is 'you'll look ridiculous, stripping for a hot young guy like Brad.' But then I thought -- 'but he asked me to do it. He wants me to play to the camera.'

"I -- I think you may have to guide me a bit. I haven't really done anything like this for a while." I smiled coyly.

"Sure, Brenda. Just take it nice and slow. Just show me how sexy you are. I'm really turned on by you. I want you. I want to know that you want me too. Can you do that?"

Oh God! Could I show Brad that I fancied him? I'd been trying to hide that fact for the past hour, but now...

Brad placed me in front of a long mirror, unzipped my dress and made me slip it down at various angles and in various positions, bending over to unfasten my shoe on a stool so he could take some shots up my skirt and down my cleavage. 

Brad kept snapping away. "Smile, Brenda. Remember, I'm going to be licking your pussy in a few minutes."

My stomach gave a jolt. Oh, if only! I was already so wet I could feel my panties getting soaked, juices seeping into my upper thighs.

My heart was pounding as I slowly took the dress off. Now I've got a good figure for a woman of my age, but I'm not Annette. I don't have the lustrous skin and the ultra-tight bum and the oh-so-firm boobs. I'd dressed up what I do have as prettily as possible. The panties were those with the ribbon lacing the crotch -- fortunately black and shiny, or the big wet patch would have been clear for all to see. The bra was a strapless 'push up and out' type I'd bought only a few days earlier from the Sally Spring catalogue. It lifted my boobs up and presented them, without covering very much at all. My nipples were hard and tingly. I wanted to touch them. Actually, more than anything, I wanted Brad or even Annette to touch them.

"Wow!" said Brad, "you look even better without your clothes, Brenda. Lovely tits, if you don't mind me saying so."

Actually, I didn't mind at all. I was creaming my panties, relishing a hot young man ogling me through his camera, making sexy, complimentary remarks.

"I love the outfit," Brad continued. "You look fabulous in stockings, and those panties look very sexy. And if I'm not mistaken, rather wet."

I never thought I looked that good in suspenders. Annette has this taut young body, and the straps just float over her skin. I'm a bit more fleshy, and I think I bulge out around the lace. Brad clearly didn't seem to think so. I realised, to my surprise and delight, that he still had quite a hard on. This couldn't still be left over from Annette -- this had to be for me!

Almost the first thing he asked me to do was unlace the ribbon from the panties. "Nice and slow, Brenda. Let me take lots of shots as you open up that naughty slit." Whether he meant the slit in the panties or the flesh one underneath, I wasn't sure, but the way he talked to me, the way he looked at me, had me trembling.

Once the bow-fastening was undone, the satin ribbon had to be drawn slowly out to open the crotch of the panties. This was quite fun in itself -- the slippery satin rubs on your pussy lips as it slides out. Brad made the most of it, taking shots from lots of angles, including lying on his back on the floor as I straddled him. Once the ribbon was out, he had me spread the opening wider so that the fabric framed my pussy, and then run the ribbon between my pussy lips. The friction on my clit and inner lips made me gasp, and Brad was quick to capture my facial expression, as well as close-ups of the action down below.

Then it was onto the bed, for lots of poses involving me opening my legs, or pulling my nipples to my mouth to lick them. This is one feat I can do that Annette can't. Her boobs are firm and beautifully shaped, but no more than a B cup. Mine are rather bigger and quite a bit softer, so I can pleasure my own nipples if I wish. Normally I wish someone else would do it for me -- they're very sensitive when I'm aroused.

Finally the bra and then the panties came off, though Brad lingered over both. I don't know how many shots he could get on a memory card, but I suspect that he'd already taken at least a hundred of me. As with Annette before me, the poses became more blatant, spreading my legs and giving the camera a serious 'come-on' expression. Actually, I felt so horny by now that Brad had dropped the camera and his trousers and shoved his cock into me, I wouldn't have objected.

"God, you're so wet, Brenda. Why don't you put your fingers in your slit and play with your clit?"

Without a thought I did exactly as Brad suggested. Oh, it felt so good! The sensations were getting so strong. I turned my head, and saw Annette on the sofa. Like me, she had her hand between her legs. It always turned me on to watch Annette masturbate -- usually so much so that I'd have my own hand or mouth between her legs after only a few moments.

Brad saw where I was looking and glanced round at Annette. "Hey, Annette. Would you like to join Brenda here on the bed?"

Annette stopped masturbating for a moment. "How much, Brad?" she asked.

"Oh -- another two hundred."

"No. At least four. Each." Turned on as we both were, Annette knew when she could make some proper cash.

"What? That's a lot of money, Annette. Another eight hundred just for a girl-girl session. And we haven't asked Brenda yet if she's interested. Are you, my sweet?"

Through my erotic haze, I realised that if I let Annette make love to me now, we would both walk away with £700. Not bad for an hour or two's intense pleasure.

"Ye -- yeah. Please" was all I was able to gasp.

"OK. Tell you what. Seven hundred between you. How does that sound?"

"Unacceptable," Annette replied immediately. I was about to beg my lover to give me release and she was holding out for a paltry fifty quid each!

"OK, deal," said Brad. "But, Annette -- I get to fuck you after you've finished with Brenda."

Annette got up off the sofa. "Deal," she said. She almost threw herself onto the bed alongside me.

And suddenly, everything had got a bit more scary and a bit more exciting. I was going to make love with Annette, in front of a camera. Guys were going to buy pictures of me with my fingers and my tongue in my sweet girl's pussy, and hers in mine. I had no doubt that Brad would capture our orgasms in close-up detail. And then I was going to watch while this young hunk stuck his nice young cock into my girlfriend. This was way beyond anything I'd ever imagined myself doing, even when I entered this studio.

But I wasn't going back now. Annette's first kiss was hot, hungry, demanding. Our sessions were usually slow, languid, romantic affairs, with lots of skin contact and gentle caresses before homing in to the sensitive areas. Now we were already far beyond that, and we gave Brad exactly what he was looking for. Our mouths and fingers found breasts and nipples, probed each other's slits. Annette knelt over me, sucking at my hard engorged nipples, (which I adored), pressing her smooth, stockinged thigh tightly against my open pussy. We rolled over, and my fingers plunged into her wet, open love-hole, thrusting almost savagely in a way I knew she loved when she was very aroused. 

Our cries and moans seemed to be exciting Brad as much as the scene we were showing him, He was leaning over us, snapping away, encouraging us with phrases like 'that looks so hot, Annette', and 'oh yes, Brenda, let me hear how much you're enjoying that'.

We shifted position a few times. I got Annette to kneel up, and fucked her with my fingers while I licked around her tight, puckered bum-hole, which I know she loves. We moved into scissors, which I think really turned Brad on, and which I usually like a lot. It's very erotic, rubbing pussy to pussy with another (shaved) woman, especially one as sexy as Annette. Unfortunately, we found that our suspenders were a bit scratchy on each other's inner thighs, so we quickly moved into a 69, licking and sucking each other's pussies. Annette slid a finger, slick with my juices, into my bum. I love a finger in me there -- nothing bigger, just a finger, skilfully inserted and withdrawn. Annette knew how to make it feel very good. So we lay there, with Annette crouched over me, my head towards the foot end of the bed, as I licked and sucked and finger-fucked my hot young lover. Brad circled us, closing in to get pictures of pussies and faces.
