 Andy stood in front of the new tanning booth, looking it over. It was shiny and had that unmistakable scent of newness. The door was partway open, and behind it you could see the power cord snaking away. 

"Would you like to try it out?" I said jokingly. "No one's ever used it - we don't even know if it works yet. No charge."

"Maybe," Andy said doubtfully. "I don't trust these things."

"I wouldn't use the older ones either. But this one is a new kind. It doesn't age your skin because it doesn't work the same way, and it is really fast. A great tan, they say."

"It does look kind of space age."

Usually we had two or three stylists in the salon, but tonight it was only me, closing up after Andy's appointment. I'm the owner, Caroline. Andy was a good customer, one of a few guys who came in for a haircut as a regular. There was always a little bit of a spark between us. He had been divorced a few years before, and sometimes when I cut his hair he'd tell me a little about his love life. He always seemed a little wistful to me. 

"You don't have a private booth for me to get undressed, though."

"No, it's too new. It was just delivered today."

"So I'd have to get undressed out here?" He looked doubtfully behind us at the row of windows that looked out onto the street and the houses and stores on the other side of the road. 

"You could get undressed inside and put your clothes outside. You shouldn't be in there with clothes because it can discolor them."

"Okay," he said, as if he was trying to convince himself. "Why not?" He smiled at me. "I'll be the guinea pig. In fact, might as well leave my shoes and socks out here now."

He pulled off his shoes by holding down each heel with the other foot, then bent down and took off his socks. 

"Don't peek," he said.

"I wouldn't dream of it." 

"You sure about that?" he said mischievously, giving me a glance. He stepped inside and closed the door. 

I went over to the computer to check on the next day's schedule and make sure Marie had called everyone. It looked like she had, and as I got to the last one, I heard Andy's voice: "Ready." The door closed. There, outside it, were his pants and shirt, next to his shoes and socks. I guessed he didn't wear underwear.

"Okay," I said. "I'll turn it on." I flicked the switch and pushed the timer button. Lights flickered, but didn't stay on.

"You sure it's working?" His voice was muffled.

"What's it doing?"

"Just lit up and then stopped."

I went to the control panel, and it looked like it was working—but clearly it wasn't.

"Is there a switch inside there?"

"It's dark, so I can't tell."

I paused. "Do you mind if I open the door so we can take a look?"

He was quiet for a moment. "I'm totally nude, you know."

"I figured so. But I'd like to get it to work."

He paused. "Okay." 

I opened the door, and he blinked at the salon light. 

He was in much better shape than I thought—you could really tell he worked out with weights. His chest and arms were well defined, he had a flat stomach, and an unruly bush of auburn hair over a thick penis that pointed down and outward. It had a defined brown ring and a thick head that looked a little like a reversed heart shape. I couldn't take my eyes off him.

"It's not polite to stare," he said with a wry smile.

"Sorry," I said. "It's just..." I was at a loss for words for a moment. I looked around for a switch inside, and there was one, off to the right. "Could you push that when I say so?"

"Yes ma'am," he said. I could see his backside reflected in the mirror, so actually I could see all of him at once. He had a cute butt. I could feel my nipples hardening, and moisture between my legs, despite myself. I closed the door. 

What was I thinking? I was married, after all. But Joe and I hadn't been intimate in a long time. He had a gut, and he couldn't have an erection, so we had become, over time, more like roommates. 

Seeing Andy nude awakened something in me that had been so dormant I didn't even want to acknowledge it.

I flipped the outside switch and pushed the button, and called out to Andy. "Try it now."

Nothing. "Maybe if I unplug it and plug it in again?"

"It's unplugged?" Andy said, his voice muffled.

"No - hold on. How about now?"

Andy opened the door and stood in the doorway. Under the salon lights, he looked even hotter to me. I wanted to run my hands over his chest. 

His penis was erect now, standing up almost to his navel. The head was wide, and despite myself, I imagined what it would be like to feel it slide inside me, pushing the lips of my opening. His brown scrotum was taut underneath his erection, and I could see his the shape of his balls against the sides. I felt the urge to reach out and touch him there. It had been so long.

"Andy!" I said. "What if someone sees you?"

"No one's looking but you." He laughed. I felt I shouldn't be attracted to him like this, but I couldn't help myself.

"You don't care?"

"I do care if someone comes in." 

I went to the back, down the few stairs, and locked the back door with a satisfying click. Then I came back in and went to the windows, but we didn't have blinds. Anyone who drove by and looked in would see us. The neighbors might be watching now.

Andy was outside next to the booth, looking at the controls. "Maybe you don't have the sequence right." I stood nearby, looking at his nude body. I couldn't get enough of looking at him. What was wrong with me?

Then it clicked, and there was a flicker inside the booth. We looked at each other, startled.

"Do you think it's working?"

"I don't know. Maybe you should come in too and see." He grinned impishly.

"You think we could both tan at once?"

"I won't touch you and you won't touch me, so we'll tan evenly, if it works."

I paused. I looked at him standing there nude, looking at me.

"Okay." 

What was I thinking? This was crazy.

I pulled my blouse over my head and let it drop to the floor. I kicked off my shoes, and unsnapped my pants, unzipped them, and then dropped them to the floor too. I stood there in my black bra and panties, then reached back and unsnapped the bra, letting it drop to the floor too. Finally, after a long moment, I slipped off my panties and stood totally nude in front of him. My small nipples were hard and pointed. We looked at each other, and he gazed at my narrow line of trimmed dark hair down there. 

We stood, totally naked, in my salon under the lights. What if someone came by or was watching?

"I almost forgot - we have to have a gel on to make this work. The gel is what does the tanning."

I got a tube from the table, unscrewed the top, and pulled the shiny tab off. 

"I'll put it on you, if you put it on me."

"All right." 

I put some into my hand and moved it over his back, down his backside, and then another squirt that covered the backs of his legs. I smoothed it down each of them.

"Turn around, please." He turned obediently.

I smeared it on his neck and face, then across his shoulders and chest.

"I can't believe we're doing this."

"Me neither."

I ran my hands with gel down his stomach, and around his wiry bush, accidentally brushing against his erection. The skin was silky soft and white. Kneeling down, I ran my gel-covered hands down his legs, making sure not to leave uncovered places.

"Did you miss anyplace?"

"Let me look in the light."

"Put your arms up, and I'll get under those." He held his arms up, and I smoothed gel on the undersides.

"I think you missed my inner thighs. If you want, I can get there."

"No," I said, a little too brightly. "In for a dime, in for a dollar." He laughed, and I spread some gel on my hands. 

I went down on my knees. The backs of my hands brushed against his sac as I reached in. It felt so delicate and intimate as I knelt before him and spread the gel. Without thinking, when his inner thighs glistened a little, I leaned forward and touched the tip of my tongue to the head of his penis, then let the thick top inside my lips, just a little.

"Oh," he said. "I didn't see that coming." I moved back, let it go, and it swayed a little.

"I didn't either." I stood up, close to him, too close. 

"Your turn," he said with a grin. He took the tube with a flourish and spread the clear gel on both hands. "Where do you want me to start? Front or back?"

I paused, suddenly seized with second thoughts. "Back," I said, turning.

His hands were firm, strong, as they moved over my shoulders and back, down my hips and legs to my feet. His fingers delicately slipped between my legs, just touching my mons from behind, up under my buttocks, lightly brushing my lips.

"You can turn," he said. "I think I got the back."

I turned, glimpsing myself in the salon mirror across from me. My breasts looked fuller in the distant mirror, and I could see even from here my nipples erect. He slathered more gel on his hands and gently smoothed it over my face and neck, down to my shoulders and breasts, ever so lightly around my areolae, then under the breasts and down my curves to my hips. As he leaned down, his tongue extended and touched the tip of one small brown nipple, then the other, and he kissed each.

"Hm," he said, as he got more gel. 

"You've got a bit of a pool forming. I don't think it's gel." I looked down. He was right. I was dripping, a clear liquid on the floor between my feet. My face reddened, and for some reason I felt mortified.

"Someone's excited," he said. And he leaned forward, kissing me gently on the lips.

He spread gel down my hips and legs, taking care with my calves and feet, and then swept his hands lightly around my landing strip and down between my thighs, pausing with one hand on either side of my vulva. Neither of us moved. I felt so much erotic attraction I thought I started to shake.

He stood, his erection pointing toward me. The slit at the end was like a little dark eye.

"Are we both covered?"

"I think so," I said, my voice unexpectedly close to a whisper.

"Ladies first," he said.

We stepped into the booth, me first, which was really too small for both of us, so we had to stand very close, almost touching, in that odd off-color light, the mirrored sides reflecting our nude bodies back to us. His erection brushed against me, and it was all I could do not to grasp it. I wanted to engulf its mauve thick head in my mouth, feel it inside my lips.

We stood in the booth, almost touching, as the light surrounded and pervaded us. It seemed an eternity in there. We could hear each other breathing.

Then the lights went off, and the timer indicated it had finished its cycle. We didn't move. Then, in the darkness, I felt Andy move toward me, his hands and arms around my waist, pulling me toward him, and we kissed, first brushing our lips, then passionately, deeply, roughly.

"Oh god," I said, as I felt his penis head pushing between my legs as we embraced, the thick head up against my clitoris and the opening, and I shuddered, stepping my feet out a little to let him in. He felt so big, moving against me. I came just from the prolonged touch, shaking against him as he held me, and he hadn't even entered me yet.

In the dark, we somehow lost our balance and we staggered together out into the salon light, nearly falling. Andy caught me and we embraced again, his thick penis seeming impossibly large against me.

"Sit in my chair," I said. 

"Are you going to cut my hair?"

"Not exactly," I said. "Just sit."

He did, his hands guiding me, his penis vertical, and I backed toward him, lowering myself onto it, letting it slide slowly into me, filling me, making a wet sound. I straddled the chair's footrest, one leg on either side on the floor, rising and falling on top of him, letting him enter me fully. I had never been with someone as big as him, and the head of his penis pushing up into me itself was enough to make me come, so strongly that I began to squirt. Clear liquid sprayed against the chair and the floor, and I shuddered and shook on top of him. He had his hands on my waist, steadying me. 

"Oh god, Andy."

I knew we were visible through the salon windows, but I didn't care, I only cared about him penetrating deep into me. I wanted him to come inside me, but he wouldn't, he just was relentlessly there inside me, filling me, and I shook atop him. And still it went on. I rode him, back and then facing him, for at least fifteen minutes, maybe longer. We lost track of time, place, everything.

And then I came as I never have before or since, shaking and crying, arching back, shuddering with overwhelming ecstasy, seeing the two of us reflected back at our tanned selves in the salon mirrors. 

We were silent, breathing hard.

Slowly I stood, coming out from around him with a wet soft sound, and his penis still stood upright. I leaned down and began to lick and then draw it into my mouth and suck it, determined to make him come. But he did not, he just leaned forward and kissed me so that we drew together and held each other, entwined on the red padded chair.

"I suppose I should cut your hair," I finally said, moving my hand idly across his strong chest.

"I suppose you should," he said, and smiled into my eyes.

"Shall I trim you up a little bit down here, too?" I asked, brushing his shock of brown public hair.

"As long as you're careful, you can."

I leaned down and kissed the head of his penis.

"I will be," I said. "I love that part of you."