 You must be of legal age to read this. Remember, always practice safe sex

* * * * *

Dave rang the bell at Megan's apartment 10 minutes early. They had been dating for three weeks but he found himself thinking about her all the time. They first night they had sex was a night he would never forget. She was an aggressive, multi-orgasmic lover with an insatiable appetite. The next morning left him wondering how he would be able to keep up with her. 

Now he was standing outside her apartment. She had invited him over for a casual home-cooked dinner. She opened the door wearing spandex running shorts and an oversized Penguins hockey jersey. Dave never suspected such an outfit could be so sexy. His eyes traveled up and down her body.

Her face lit up when she saw the flowers in his hand. (It may have been a casual dinner but he still had class!) "They're beautiful!" she exclaimed, "You shouldn't have."

Dave handed her the flowers. "It was the least I could do for the beautiful woman who is cooking me dinner. I am sorry I'm early but I just couldn't wait to see you any longer." 

"That's so sweet. Come on in and open the wine. Dinner is almost ready."

Dave followed her into the apartment admiring her rear the whole way. He took a seat at the kitchen table while she finished getting dinner ready. Even the oversized shirt she wore could not hide her incredible body. Her long red hair was pulled back into a ponytail. Her body was strong, yet feminine. Her large breasts and sweet hips completed a picture of a woman most men could only dream of meeting. She placed dinner on the table as he was pouring the wine. 

When she sat down he raised a glass and said, "To the most beautiful woman I know."

She drank to his toast with a shy smile and they proceeded to eat dinner. The meal was excellent and filled with the small talk couples enjoy when a relationship is new. After the meal they went into the living room and sat next to each other on the couch. For a long time neither said a word. Dave reached out to caress her cheek and gaze into her eyes. She reached back and removed the tie from her hair and Dave watched the mane of red cascade around her shoulders. He leaned forward and kissed her forehead very gently. She closed her eyes as he kissed his way down her nose and grazed her lips with his. Her arms reached out to pull him to her and she kissed him back.

The intensity of their kisses increased as Dave ran his fingers through her hair. Her left hand was behind his neck pulling him tightly to her while her right hand caressed his strong hard chest. Her lips parted and his tongue began to probe her mouth. He tasted the sweet wine on her as he slid his hands down her back. 

Dave tenderly caressed her shoulder blades then the small of her back. His hands finally slid lower until they found the swells of her rear. He squeezed her firm ass cheeks and she moaned. She pushed her leg over his to straddle Dave's thighs. His right hand came up to trace her collarbone and slowly descend outside her shirt between her breasts. He cupped her left breast and squeezed gently. She moaned again and began to writhe on his lap. 

Dave slid his hands up her back under her shirt. She only stopped kissing him when her pulled her shirt up over her head. She was not wearing a bra and her large breasts were a mere inches from his face. Her long nipples erect and a thin sheen of perspiration in her cleavage. Dave was mesmerized. Every time he saw her body was like the first time. He leaned forward and sucked her right nipple into his lips. She ran her fingers through his short black hair. After he sucked her right nipple for a time she guided his lips to her left breast where he proceeded to worry it the same way.

Megan reached down to Dave's waist and pulled his shirt up to expose his strong chest. He reluctantly released her nipple as she pulled his shirt over his head. She kissed the hollow of his throat and licked her way down his chest. She lashed his nipples for a second and proceeded to slide down his body until she had the button on his khakis between her teeth. With a pull the button gave way and his zipper began to open. She pulled his pants open enough to expose his had cock still contained by his briefs. She kissed his cock through the thin material until it became wet with her saliva and his pre cum. She pulled his pants and briefs off his body and Dave's cock was finally out in the open. The air felt cool on his moist tool until she knelt between his legs and took him into her mouth. She immediately took his entire cock into her mouth. Dave felt her throat constrict around the tip. She pulled back to the tip. She put her teeth behind the glans and gave the gentlest of pulls until only her lips remained on the tip. Dave leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He was sure no other blowjob would ever compare to the one she was giving him now.

She proceeded to deep throat him again. Her right hand surrounded his balls while her left hand went inside her shorts to caress her own pussy. As she fingered her clit she moaned into his cock. Dave could feel the cum begin to rise from deep within him. He placed his hands in her hair and started to slide his tool in and out of her mouth. His cock gave a flex and the first shot of cum went deep in her mouth. She swallowed it and the four more that followed it. Not a single drop escaped. 

When Dave came down from the incredible blowjob Megan still had his somewhat deflated cock in her mouth. She remained very still for another minute then looked directly into Dave's eyes and began to move her tongue on the underside of his meat. Dave could not believe he was becoming hard this quickly. Megan proceeded to suck until he was almost hard once again. She then slid her hand between his ass cheeks and gave a gentle push against his anus never quite penetrating the ring. Dave had never experienced anything like it before and was immediately rigid again.

Megan stood up and turned around. Bending from the waist she pushed her tight shorts down her legs revealing the tiny red thong underneath. Before she could remove her panties Dave pulled her back onto his lap with her back facing him and his cock sticking up between her legs. She reached down to his cock and proceeded to jack him gently. Not enough to bring him to orgasm but enough to keep him hard while he went to work on her. He kissed the nape of her neck and put his arms around her. His left hand began to gently work her nipples while his right caressed its way down her flat stomach beneath her panties and through her space pubic hair. He ran his fingers through the fine red hair for a moment and then pushed them between her pussy lips. She spread her legs wide to allow his hand access. He gently ploughed his fingers between her lips, not enough to penetrate but enough to let her know more was to come. He pulled back to her clit and began to work it between his index and middle fingers. She moaned and leaned back against him. Her pushed down and inserted two fingers into her. She was soaking wet and moaned loudly at the intrusion. He began to move his fingers in and out in a steady rhythm. He rhand had stopped moving as she forgot about the handjob she had been performing, consumed by the pleasure he gave her. 

She spoke the first words since they first kissed. "Oh Dave, I think I'm gonna come on your fingers." She said softly.

"Let yourself go babe. We have all night to do it again." He pushed into he pussy more insistently now and she began to rise and fall on his hand. He pulled back to her clit and she cried, "I'm cumming!" Her thighs clamped around his hand as orgasm ripped through her body. She collapsed on him breathing heavily through closed eyes.

Dave picked her up and carried her into the bedroom. He placed her on the queen-sized bed and pulled her panties off her. She spread her legs wantonly and said, "I need to feel you in me now." 

"Not quite yet sweetheart." Dave settled between her legs and kissed the inside of her thigh. He kissed and licked all around her cleft before placing his lips on her pussy. She ran her hands through his hair as he inserted his tongue deep between her lips. He moved up to her clit and sucked on it until her abs began to tighten and her breathing increased. He knew she was ready to cum and placed his cock at the entrance to her pussy. She grabbed his ass and pulled him into her in one long motion. Dave stayed deep in her for a second and gave his cock a flex before pulling out. He picked up an easy rhythm of long strokes until she began to moan. She wrapped her legs around him and pulled him into her. He felt her pussy tighten around his cock and he gave short rapid strokes as she rode through her orgasm.

"Oh Dave. If you can do that all the time I'm never going to let you out of here."

"Anything for the cause." He smiled. "You ready for another go?" 

"Yes," she beamed, "it's your turn." 

Dave began to slide in and out of her tight pussy again. Megan wrapped her legs around his ass pulling her hips up to allow him the deepest penetration. Her hands went up and down his back and whispered in his ear. "You feel so good in me. I love the way your cock fills my hot little pussy." She knew he wouldn't last long with this barrage of dirty talk. "Fuck me Dave. I want to feel you come in me. Please shoot it deep in me."

Dave felt his nuts tighten and he pushed all the way in her slit. She swore she could actually feel the first spurt splash the inside of her pussy. He came again and again until he thought he could not come anymore. He collapsed on top of her and they proceeded to kiss each other tenderly.

He fell asleep in her arms. They were both content. At least until morning when they would start over again.