 Author's remarks: I wrote a story titled 'The Santa Claus Suit.' For those who haven't read it I will give a short synopsis here. A big thank you to Mistress Lynn for her fine editing but I take all responsibility for any errors. I never know when to leave well enough alone. This is a stand-alone story of Ross and Bud's life after doing Ross's ex-wife at a Halloween party.

*

Ross Hughes was a large man, in the sense that he was overweight. Some would say almost to an obese state. He met and later married Sheila. They both attended Weight Watchers. Ross felt he had found the right woman. They were both overweight and seemed to get along fine.

Sheila on the other hand had only married Ross because of his insurance and used it to have Gastro-surgery. After losing her weight, she cheated on Ross. He divorced her and they each went their separate way. Sheila had stated that Ross would never have sex with her again and laughed about his still being overweight. 

Ross had always wished he could have gotten even a little revenge against Sheila but she had moved out of state. Ten years had gone by when he met a man by the name of Bud Dickerson. As they talked, Bud mentioned that he had worked in security at a department store warehouse and came across Ross's ex-wife Sheila. He stated she was a bitch and only dated men who could help her get ahead. Bud didn't think much of her.

Bud walked with a limp from an injury he'd received in the war. When he had asked Sheila out, she laughed at him saying there was no way she would date him. Bud and Ross got together and thought of a plan to get a little revenge.

There was a Halloween party and Ross was going to dress like Santa Claus. Bud was going to start a rumor that the District Director in the company would be attending the Halloween party and might be dressed as Santa. He knew that Sheila would try to make a play for him to get ahead.

It worked out perfectly. Sheila kept coming on to Ross in the Santa suit believing him to be John Woodrow, an executive of the company. Ross took her into the cloakroom where a video camera was set up and filmed Sheila giving him oral sex as well as letting Santa fuck her and eventually coming in her ass. Sheila thought a promotion would soon be hers.

Bud called on her explaining that a few employees were complaining about their scarves and coats. He showed her a few still photos from the video where Sheila had cleaned herself off using these items.

Bud told her he wouldn't give the photos to John if she would give him sex in her office after work. She laughed at him figuring John Woodrow would be on her side. In fact, she even told Bud that she just might have him fired.

"You don't have any proof I asked for sex," said Bud. "I do have pictures of you in the cloakroom with an unknown man dressed as Santa, though."

"We'll see what John Woodrow has to say about this," replied Sheila laughing at Bud. "There is no way I'll have sex with you. Look at me and then go look in the mirror. How could you possibly think I would have sex with you?"

Just so that you readers know, Bud is a decent looking man. He did walk with a limp and to Sheila that was an imperfection. She had really become a bitch. She had the looks now but her personality sucked royally.

At the general meeting of personnel at the warehouse, John Woodrow came into the room. Sheila was in total shock. You see, John was somewhat of a smaller man and in a wheelchair. There was no way he could have been Santa at the Halloween party.

Sheila looked over at Bud and asked him if he was going to go to John with the pictures. He told her he would give the pictures to her if she met him in her office after work. If not, he had a meeting with John Woodrow first thing in the morning.

Bud got his wish as he pumped his cock into Sheila while she lay across her desk. She was doing her best not to enjoy it but she was losing out to her body's emotions. "Say it, bitch," said Bud. "Tell me what you want."

"Just fuck me and get it over with, you bastard," replied Sheila.

Sheila had an orgasm and was mad at herself for being receptive to Bud. She told him to give her the pictures and to get the hell out of her office. He would never again get a chance to have sex with her.

****

It had been about a month since the Halloween party. One evening while Bud and I talked over dinner and a few beers, he asked me if I might do him a favor. He mentioned that Sheila was asking if anyone knew who was dressed in the Santa suit at the Halloween party. It was bothering her to high heaven not knowing who she let have sex with her. It could have been anyone who she had worked with daily. She just had to know who it was.

"Ross, when she came to me, I knew she had asked everyone she could. She hadn't said two words to me since I boffed her. I told her I didn't know but I knew I could find out for the right price. It would cost her a few hours of anything goes sex in a motel with me. I wanted what Santa got.

"She screamed at me and left my office in a huff. Later that day she came back and asked me if I could really find out. She said she would take me up on my offer but she also wanted the video tape of the cloakroom incident so I couldn't use it against her. I told her I would get back with her. So, Ross, what do you say? Can I tell her it was you?"

I had to think about this for a few minutes. In one sense, I felt good about her not knowing I was the Santa, but I also knew she would blow a literal head gasket when she found out that she let me fuck her. I had to laugh when I thought about her reaction.

"Bud, tell her you don't know my name but that she can find me at the Santa shack at the mall. I'll be there in the evenings and on weekends from Thanksgiving to Christmas Eve. Make sure you get laid first and don't tell her that I have a copy of the video. I'll have it as a back-up just in case you need it."

"Thanks Ross, are you sure you don't want in on this? She deserves everything she gets. I really don't like her but I love playing with her mind and I want to use her one more time."

"Bud, be careful. She probably has something up her sleeve. She doesn't give her pussy away unless she has something to gain. I honestly don't want anything to do with her; not even a fuck. I would like to find a nice woman and settle down and have a family some day, but it probably won't ever happen. Other than when I play Santa, no woman wants a fat guy." I chuckled but inside I felt it was true. 

"Ross, you're the nicest guy I know. Believe me when I say that you'll find the right woman and she'll be lucky to have you, fat and all," he said and smiled.

****

It was shortly after Thanksgiving that Bud and I talked again. He had the biggest shit-eating grin on his face. 

"So, do you want to hear about my date with Sheila?" Bud asked.

"You know I do, Bud."

"I offered to take her out for a nice dinner and a couple of drinks. She said she didn't want to be seen with me. All she wanted was that video and the name of the Santa that she had sex with that night. It really pissed me off. Here I was offering a nice time ending with sex but she wasn't interested."

"That's Sheila, thinking she's better than anyone else," I responded.

"We met at the motel room and she was dressed in a nice skirt and blouse. As soon as we entered the room, she asked for the name and video. I laughed because she would probably yell rape and take the tape and leave. I showed her the tape and gave her the picture of you in the Santa outfit.

"Right away she demanded proof it was the same guy. I put the video in and told her to get ready to check out Santa's costume. Then I mentioned that I knew where she could find you but I wouldn't tell her until after she gave me what I wanted," Bud stated.

"I'll bet she didn't take that very well," I said and rolled my eyes.

"She didn't say anything so I started it. The first thing we heard was her screaming for Santa to fuck her. She turned it off and shoved it into her purse. I could see the anger in her eyes but she started to unbutton her blouse. That was something I wanted to do and so I made her stop. I got a dirty look for that, too.

"Damn, she's got nice tits, Ross," Bud remarked before going on. "I took off her blouse, unclasped her bra, and kissed them while she just stood there. She was doing her best not to enjoy it but I knew the feeling was getting to her. She just stared at me when I told her she might as well enjoy it because I planned to use her for my benefit. I continued to massage and suck on her tits and soon heard small moans coming from her."

"It doesn't sound like it took long for her to give in." 

Bud smirked and went on. "She wouldn't look at me though. I had thought of just fucking her hard and letting her go but decided to actually make love to her body. I knew it would bother her more later knowing she enjoyed it with me. I unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. All she had on was her white panties so I dropped down to my knees to pull them down her legs. She didn't say a word but quickly stepped out of them.

"Then I directed her to sit on the bed. As she did, I pushed her back and buried my face in her bush. She squealed out; I know she didn't want to but it just happened. Her pussy was wet and glistening. I spread her legs wider and started eating her out. I put two fingers in her pussy and stroked them while licking her clit. She kept moaning and moving her ass hard against my face.

"She wanted to know if I was going to fuck her. I knew she was getting into it Ross, and wanted it over before she enjoyed it too much. That's when I decided to make her beg for it."

"Good move, Bud. That made her mad, I bet."

"Boy did it ever. That woman sure can swear, Ross. I told her I was content rubbing her clit and making her want more. It only took her about a minute to ask me to fuck her. But that wasn't what I wanted to hear. I wanted to hear her say she needed my cock in her pussy. She finally broke down and asked me to fuck her until she came," Bud explained.

"I did just that. I pushed my cock in her and fucked her long and hard. She must have come at least twice. I told her to turn over and I started taking her from behind. Right when she was about to come again I took my slick cock out of her pussy and started to push it in her asshole."

"You were brave, Bud. I'm surprised she let you do that."

"Ross, she argued and tried to pull away but I didn't stop. I told her I hadn't asked permission and now I was fucking her just like Santa did. With that said, I pushed my cock deep in her ass until my balls were against her cunt. I filled her ass with my sperm just as I said I would.

"She screamed out, Ross. I don't know if it was pleasure or pain but I felt her orgasm one more time as her ass cheeks closed hard against my cock. It actually hurt my cock but I didn't care. I got my revenge fuck against the bitch," Bud said with a smile.

"Damn, Bud, I'd say you did."

"After her orgasm I pulled my cock out of her ass and rolled over on my back. She quickly got up and called me every disgusting name in the book then went into the bathroom to clean up. I stayed on the bed wondering what she had in store for me next. I was ready for her if she tried to get revenge.

"She came out of the bathroom and quickly got dressed as she continued cussing at me. I just laid there and let her rant. She looked in her purse to make sure she still had the video and then asked who the Santa was in the picture."

Bud looked away for a moment as if remembering that night. I waited for him to go on.

"Sheila demanded I tell her since she'd kept her part of the deal. I told her I didn't know his name but then said what you and I talked about, Ross. She could find the Santa at the Southland Mall. I interrupted her when she started accusing me of lying. I told her again that Santa would be at the mall. That's when I demanded that she stop with her threats or she'd regret it.

"With her hands clenched at her sides she yelled that I was nothing but a security manager. She said she just might turn me in for harassing her as she opened the door. I watched her walk out with her video and then I laughed."

"So, Bud, aren't you a little afraid she might try and get even with you? I have the extra copy of the video if you think you might need it. I'd hate to see you get in trouble because of that bitch."

"Don't worry Ross, I have the bases covered. I didn't tell her but I taped our whole sexual romp. I had a mini cam wired in the smoke detector. This time I have sound and all. If she tries to get me for harassment, I'll use it if necessary. It has her asking me to fuck her," said Bud.

**** 

It was the following weekend after talking to Bud that I noticed Sheila walking up to the Santa's village. There was a long line of kids waiting to ask Santa for a present and have a picture taken. Sheila came up behind me and leaned over my shoulder. It was hard to hear her with all the noise from the kids but she said she wanted to talk to me. 

I didn't think she sounded very happy, either. She didn't move away at all as she waited for an answer. 

"Do you remember me from the Halloween party?" she asked in an impatient tone.

I told the elves to hold up the line for a minute and looked over at Sheila.

"Yes Sheila, I remember you, but right now I'm working. I have numerous kids who are here to see Santa and I'm not going to disappoint them. I'll be taking a break at two o'clock and we can talk in the dressing room across the aisle there. Now if you will be kind enough to leave so I can pay attention to these kids, I'd be most grateful."

She gave me a dirty look but I figured she didn't want to make a scene right then. I motioned for the elves to let the kids through and saw Sheila look at her watch and walk away.

At two o'clock, I was in the dressing room when Sheila came in. Others used it for a lunchroom but I was alone right then.

"Who the hell are you?" Sheila asked rather loudly. "Why did you pretend you were someone else and use me like you did? I should have you fired for what you did to me."

"I never said I was anyone but Santa to you. If you thought I was someone else then it was your own fault. I never forced myself upon you. You were very willing and eager to have sex with me —" 

She quickly interrupted me. "It's because I thought you were someone else. Who the hell are you?"

"Sheila, I thought you would recognize the man you were married to for almost two years," I said as I took off my beard.

"Ross, you son of a bitch. You and that bastard Bud set me up. You both took advantage of a defenseless woman. I took care of getting even with Bud, that bastard, and now I'll get even with you."

"What do you mean you got even with Bud? What stupid thing did you do now?"

"If you must know, I talked to the District Manager, John Woodrow, and told him I was constantly being harassed by your friend. He had me fill out a report and said he would get back to me the first of the week. I told him if he didn't do something about Bud that I would file charges against the store. He said that he takes harassment charges very seriously. I have his word he'll look into it himself. Your buddy is toast," said Sheila with a laugh.

I shook my head and called her a stupid bitch. "All he asked for was a date and you ridiculed him because of his job and that he walked with a limp. Just the way you did me because of my weight. You were only able to get your weight off because my insurance paid for your surgery. How can one woman be so hateful?"

"You'll find out soon enough. When I leave here I'm going to the mall managers and tell them their Santa is a sleaze bucket and tried to come on to me."

"Before you make a complete fool of yourself there are a couple of things you might want to know. Bud is a good friend of mine and doesn't deserve this bitch attitude you possess. Some day it will backfire on you.

"As for me, I'll file counter charges against you for coming in here and harassing me. I love this job and the kids. I'm not going to let you destroy this for me. I'll sue you for every dime you ever make. So you better have more proof than your accusations."

"You don't have any proof either. It will be my word against yours. I have the original tape from the cloakroom, so whom do you think they will believe? A good looking woman or a fat Santa?" Sheila smirked thinking I didn't stand a chance.

"I would bet on the Santa. You see, Bud made me a copy of the cloakroom tape of you fucking me very willingly. You may have the original but I think my copy will work just fine and I can guarantee I don't want to fuck you for it."

Sheila stood there stunned and lost for words. I reached over to the intercom and called security to the dressing room. When they came in Sheila told them she wanted to see the management because I was harassing her.

"Lady, Ross told us that his ex-wife would be here around two o'clock and would probably try and start trouble. Management told us to stand by in case any problems arose. You are in his dressing room that is only for employees. Ross, do you want to file charges against her for being here?" he asked.

"No, just escort Sheila off the premises. I believe she has some mental problems and may need help."

I looked over at Sheila, "If you ever come back here and jeopardize my job again, I'll take you to court. Now get out of my dressing room and out of my life."

My friends, the guards, escorted her out of the mall. She didn't say a word. I was quite sure I was now free of her but I was worried about Bud. I called him and he said he had already talked with John Woodrow. He would see me on Tuesday and explain what happened.

"Just so you know Ross, I'm fine and pretty sure everything will be all right. Thank you for caring. I'll see you Tuesday."

We met Tuesday for a couple of beers and he explained what went on with Sheila.

"I was called to John's office. I never told you this before but John got me my job with the store. We were in Iraq at the same time and met in the hospital ward. He had been in there for nearly a month before I arrived. We did our best to help each other through that difficult period. 

"John knew he wouldn't walk again. He told me he was prepared to live with it and had a good job waiting for him as a district manager of this department store outlet. They'd already notified him that it was there for him. I told him I wanted to be a cop but would be walking with a limp most likely for the rest of my life. I remember John laughed and said he'd settle for that. I apologized and told him I wasn't thinking straight."

Bud stopped speaking for a moment and looked out the window. It seemed like he was thinking of those days in the hospital. 

"I never knew that's what you wanted to do, Bud."

"I guess we never talked about that, Ross. Well, John told me when I got out that if I needed a job to give him a call. I thanked him but explained that I was going to look for some kind of security job. I wasn't cut out to be a salesperson. He laughed and pointed out that stores needed more than just sales personnel. He then said to look him up if I needed help, smiled and gave me his card.

"After being released from the service I went home for a month and spent time with my family. I looked for work in the security field but couldn't find much. I did still limp but it wasn't overly noticeable. I worked out and built up my legs."

"What happened next?" I asked. 

"I went to the department store that John Woodrow had mentioned to me. They were in need of security employees for the warehouse. I applied and filled out the application naming him as a reference. The human resource manager wondered if I meant the John Woodrow that worked in their company. After I said yes, she asked me to step out of the room for a few minutes so she could make a phone call. 
