 All characters are 18 or over. 

***** 

Dixie stretched with a yawn as she walked down the porch steps and headed towards the woods behind her house. She lived way out in the country at the base of a mountain range, and for years she had heard rumors that strange things lived in the woods and in the mountains. Obviously, she discarded everything as silly superstition from a bygone age, but sometimes, in the middle of the night, she thought she could hear drums deep in the woods. 

Probably just a couple of deer or elk having a go at each other, she rationalized every time. 

This morning she would take the forest loop as her bi-weekly walk. It had been several months since she last walked through the woods, but that wasn't going to stop Dixie. Tonight was Midsummer's Eve, and the nearby town would put on a festival for this afternoon, and have a fireworks show when night fell. It would do her some good to go out and socialize for a while. She spent too much time at home, reading her books or playing around on her computer. 

She sighed and stretched again, quickening her pace until she could no longer see the house behind her. The path split up ahead, and she took the trail leading towards the right. 

For nearly half an hour she walked, the path winding through the trees, and she heard plenty of bird calls and animal noises around her, and rustling in the bushes. The morning was warming up fast, the breeze stilling as the day relented to summer's heat. 

Taking a quick swig of her water, Dixie sat down on a nearby boulder, listening to the woods around her. She looked around as she rested, taking in the sight of the trees, and she noted a well-worn deer trail off to her right. The path lead further up the mountain, and looked steep, but she couldn't help but wonder where it led to. 

Hold on, is that a flute I hear? she thought to herself. Some sort of wind instrument was carried on the slight breeze, floating down the mountain. She stood up and listened for it harder, closing her eyes to concentrate on the sound. 

As if by some unknown force, her feet took her towards the deer trail, and her pack lay forgotten on the ground. She started climbing the mountain, following the sweet music in the air. 

Higher and higher she climbed, her previous walk forgotten, and all the while the flute music grew louder and louder. It was nearly midmorning before the path leveled out and she could hear the music more clearly. She also heard running water, and she hurried along the path in search of her goal. 

The trees suddenly fell away to reveal a waterfall and a clear pool at its base. The clearing was rocky, the stones covered in moss and lichens, and the sun beat down onto the water. The pool shimmered in the light, twinkling in invitation, but her gaze wandered to a large rock on the shore of the pool, to the mysterious flute player hiding up here in the woods. 

She could hardly believe her eyes. The creature before her looked like a normal man from the waist-up: curly brown hair, a little goatee, tanned, rough skin. But from his navel downward he was covered in hair, and instead of feet, his hairy legs ended in hooves. She even spotted a little tail peaking out from behind him. His eyes were closed as he played his panflute, and she silently approached him, creeping steadily closer even against her better judgment. 

And then she stepped on a twig. 

The creature immediately stopped playing, his eyes flying open, and he stared at her in utter shock. She froze in place, the two of them staring at each other for what seemed like eternity, before she finally found the courage to speak. 

"What are you?" Dixie breathed, and the odd hairy man frowned at her. 

"I'm a satyr," he said, as if it were obvious, and he put down his panflute "Whatever are you doing on this mountain? Don't you know it's Midsummer's Eve tonight?" 

"Yes, I know. What does that have to do with anything?" 

He smirked at her. "Young maiden, if you stay up here much longer, you'll find yourself in quite the vulnerable position. Pretty females like yourself shouldn't be wandering these woods. All of my brethren are gathering on the other side of the valley for a feast tonight, and any humans that join us are never seen again." 

She took a wary step back. "What, like...you kill them?" 

"No, no, no!" he laughed, and he got up from his spot on the rock, slowly advancing towards her. "Nothing like that. What I mean is that humans who join us...we fuck them. We keep them to breed and fuck and play with." 

Oh. 

The silence was rather loud in her ears, and she stared incredulously at him. "Alright...so apparently satyrs actually exist, and if humans join them tonight, they're never seen again and become permanent fuck-toys?" 

He laughed again. "A little crude, but essentially, yes. We do love humans, especially females. You're an excellent specimen yourself, if I do say so. I'd love to fuck you, but I suppose I'll give you a chance to run away first. I wouldn't want to take you against your will." 

She blinked, pulling at the hem of her shirt. Was it getting hotter in this clearing or was it just her? "You...want to fuck me?" 

"Mmm," he purred, and her gaze was drawn downward, to the large, reddish brown cock springing forth from his loins. "Yes, I want to drive my cock deep into your little pussy. Maybe your ass too. You're so beautiful, and your skin looks so soft..." 

He had reached her now, and she couldn't bring herself to run away. She stood frozen in place as his hand reached out and caressed her neck. His touch sent sparks shooting down her spine, and she closed her eyes, staying still for him as he pulled her tank top off to reveal her sports bra. 

"That won't do, now will it?" His voice was deep and rich, as if coming from the earth itself. His rough fingers pulled at the straps of her sports bra, dragging it up over her head so her breasts could bounce free. He cast the fabric aside and cupped her ample breasts, rubbing his thumbs over her nipples. 

"Much better," he murmured, and he leaned down and took her left breast into his mouth. 

She could hardly contemplate how she had gotten to this point before she was moaning aloud, running her fingers through his wild, curly hair. The festival in town, the fact that satyrs existed, any thought of how she would get back home - everything faded away as pure pleasure washed over her and relaxed her muscles. All her thoughts were on this satyr and the work of his tongue. 

"What's your name?" she breathed as he switched to the neglected breast. 

He lapped his tongue over her nipple a few times before answering. "Kyril." He pulled her down into the grass, laying her down on the ground before licking down her stomach. "And what is your name, lovely human?" 

"Dixie. Mm...nice to meet - aaaaahhhh!" She cried out as he swiftly removed her shorts and underwear and set his tongue at her clit, licking fervently as if she were his first meal in years. "Oh fuck, that feels good..." 

He chuckled, pulling her clothing full off her body, leaving her naked in the grass. He licked slowly, almost lovingly at her slit, tracing lavish patterns up and down her pussy, sometimes stopping to suck at her clit. Her thoughts drifted further away from her plans and more towards the notion that being fucked by this being would be the most glorious thing in the world. 

"You want my cock inside you, don't you?" he murmured, sucking lightly at her puffy outer lips. She moaned, spreading her legs wide for him, and he smiled down at her, stroking his cock to full hardness. "Tell me you want this." 

She stared up at him, blinking through the haze over her mind, but she nodded, smiling softly in reply. 

"Say it." 

"Please," she whispered, rubbing her clit in a desperate attempt to get friction, her eyes never leaving his manhood. "Please fuck me. I need it. I need you." 

At that, he laughed and took hold of her thighs, scooting her over the grass towards him. His cock pulsed in anticipation, and she watched raptly as he directed it at her dripping pussy, pausing a moment to rub against her. 

"I am pleased you want this," he said softly, caressing her legs. "You are so beautiful, and it is too rare a sight to see a human in these woods." 

He pressed against her, and Dixie arched her back as his cock sunk deep into her, his progress steady as he filled her with his meat. She groaned, panting slightly as he worked deeper and deeper into her slick, warm hole, and every slight pulse and thrust of his cock sent ripples of pleasure tearing through her body. 

"Aaah," she choked out as his balls finally met her ass. "Holy shit! Oh fuck, you're so big...give me more, Kyril...give me more of that big cock..." 

His laugh was devious, almost maniacal as he slowly pulled out of her. "You want more, human? Then you shall have it!" 

Then, with a jerk of his hips, he set a rough, wild rhythm, and he took her wrists and pinned them securely above her head. She stared up into his green eyes, as if she were staring into a deep well that went to the very center of the earth. It felt as if the entire forest was cradling her, the grass tickling her arms and feet, and rubbing against her plump rear; and the sky was the weight of his hands on her wrist and all the trees of the forest pumped into her with hard, powerful strokes. 

A cry erupted from her lips as she came around his thick, throbbing cock, and his grin grew animalistic as he quickened his pace, presumably to hurry his own orgasm. Only a few moments later he slowed his pace, luxuriating inside her pussy until he pushed himself all the way inside her. One, two, three spurts she counted as his grip tightened, and he let out a deep groan. Another four pulses and he had finished, slowly pulling his still-twitching cock out of her swollen slit. 

"Mmmm," he growled in her ear, kissing along her neck. "We've only just begun, my sweet, fair maiden. You've set yourself along this road and there is no turning back. Once I've had my fill - for now - I'll set you on the path to the feast, and there we'll meet again among my brethren so they can taste of you. It has been so long since we've had a young human like yourself...such a lovely, plump, luscious, fertile female...you'll do nicely as a gift to our king." 

Before she could question him about the feast or the king he had mentioned, she found herself on hands and knees, face down in the grass as his cock rubbed the rest of his seed onto her asshole. 

"Such a tight fit," he said with a moan. "Have you ever been fucked here before, my sweet?" 

She shook her head, and cried out again as his cock slowly pressed to her ass. Her teeth ground together as his hips pushed forward, and with a great gasp from her, his cock slipped into her tightest entrance. 

This fucking was deeper than the last, darker, and she felt as if she could feel the earth's heartbeat thrumming beneath her with every thrust. The smell of dirt and wildflowers filled her nose as his thrusts grew faster, his balls slapping her clit with each stroke. 

"Kyril," she gasped, her back arching as she pushed her ass against him, driving him deeper into her. Her ass stung, but the pain lessened with every passing second, each snap of his hips taking her closer and closer to another orgasm. His pace quickened again, and he grabbed hold of her juicy little ass and forced her back onto him, his cock burrowing even further into her. She could feel her stomach roil at the invasion, but her ass sung with pleasure and pain mixed sweetly in a primal song. 

His cum shoot deep inside her ass, coating her bowels as he unloaded his seed, and she came a second time, though he only paused a few moments before he thrust into her again, taking her ass once more. Another orgasm ripped through her as he spilled more of his seed in her, and as he flipped her onto her back to take her pussy again, she spread her legs as wide as she could, inviting him to continue with a lazy smile. He laughed again and thrust again, and continued his fucking well past her fourth and fifth orgasm. 

The sun had reached it zenith before Kyril came inside her pussy again, and this time he did not withdraw. He was panting, his brow glistening with sweat, the air around them tinged with the smell of their rut. He kissed her forehead, then her nose, and both cheeks, his cock still twitching inside her as the last of his cum trickled into her swollen, gaping slit. She didn't resist when his lips parted hers and his tongue forced its way inside her mouth, letting her taste his sweat and a slight remnant of her own juices. 

His cock softened, slipping from her sopping hole, and he sat back, letting her sit up for the first time in hours. 

"You make for an excellent mate, fair human," he said to her, a sweet smile on his lips. "I am grateful that you allowed me to fuck you. I sense you're only just discovering how much you need a thick, hard cock in your life - or maybe two or three or more, once you come to terms with how much you like being mated." 

"What are you saying?" she asked, her voice slightly hoarse. He only smiled and took gentle hold of her hair, pulling her head downward to his cock. 

"Clean me, sweet Dixie, and I will tell you what awaits you on the other side of the valley." 

She opened her mouth and allowed him entrance, her senses dancing at the salty taste of his seed and her own juices. He groaned, his cock hardening once more, and his voice was breathless as she worked her tongue up and down his rod. 

"Our king will throw a feast tonight, and every satyr from the mountains and the valley will come together and celebrate Midsummer. It has been nearly thirteen years since we've had a human to fuck, so when you arrive, I will present you to the king, and he will fuck you, and he'll give you to his court and they will fuck you, and they'll give you to the guard and they will fuck you, and the guard will give you to my people and everyone will fuck you until a river of cum flows from your pussy, and your womb and your stomach and your ass are full of our seed. You will bear us children, and be ours to mate with until the skies crumble and the world turns to ash." 

He gripped her chin, lifting her gently off his cock. "You must go now, my little human, before I decide to break our laws and keep you for myself." He stood and pulled her to her feet, letting her get her bearings before pointing out the path to her. "Take this trail around the valley and it will lead straight to the summit of the mountain there." 

He drew her attention to the dark slopes peeking through the trees. It seemed so far away, but seemingly sensing her concern, Kyril chuckled. 

"It's not as far as you think. Tonight, the line between worlds is so thin, and time is but an illusion for humans. You have my seed inside you. You're in my world, fair Dixie, the world of the satyrs. You will arrive well before midnight, provided you don't stop and rest for a while. Speaking of which..." 

He oriented her towards the trail and pressed his still-hard cock to the crack of her ass, his hands coming up to play with her nipples. "There are others on this trail. Many will gather for the feast, and if you meet them, I only ask that you be as generous and welcoming of them as you have been of me. As my people say, a human is made to be shared." 

He stepped back and smacked her asscheek. "Now get along before the day gets too hot. And I will see you tonight, my dear, where your new life begins!" 

She turned around to thank him, but he was gone, leaving nothing but the wind whistling through the trees and the water trickling into the pool.