 Two weekends before Christmas Terri and Al spent the evening at the home of Tina and Sam. Tina's cousin Kendra who was in a junior in college was visiting for the weekend. After a wonderful meal of lasagna, salad, Italian bread and Chianti, the five settled into the living room. Eventually the conversation turned to the approaching holiday season. 

Al commented that when he and Terri married eleven years ago they had to work at blending two distinct holiday traditions into one for themselves. Terri laughed that she is amazed how many holiday traditions carried forward into their adult life and what they want to do. Al said they both had to accommodate several of each other's expectations and traditions. 

Sam jumped in, "I know what you mean. Tina has had a different tradition that would cause my parents to shake their heads. For the last the last six years Tina has insisted that I dress as Santa and visit with her after all the kids have been in bed." He laughed, "She has a Santa fixation."

Tina blushed when Kendra asked, "Tina what is this fixation with Santa?" 

Tina shook her head but her husband pressed them to tell her story. The others too encouraged her. As Terri and Al were good friends she told them her story.

----------------------------

One Christmas Eve Tina awoke with a dry throat and the desire to satisfy it with glass of milk from the refrigerator. As she descended the carpeted stairway she heard noises from the living room. She continued to move quietly. On the bottom stairs she gazed through a mirror into the room that was lit only by the red bulbs of the Christmas tree. 

A moving red figure caught her eye. Seconds later she was shocked when she looked around the corner. While aghast Tina was still transfixed and curious. She knew her father often played Santa at community and church events. There kneeling before Santa was her mother Erin. She watched her mother's head moving back and forth repeatedly. Other than a guttural moan, Santa was speechless. 

Tina had learned in health class about the mechanics of sex. Her mother had given the basics of the birds and the bees. It was her friends who talked about things never mentioned by her mother or in class. She knew enough from her friends to know she was witnessing a blowjob, an energetic one at that.

For the first time in her life Tina was gazing upon an adult penis. Good judgment said she should walk away, but she could not look away. 

Erin broke away, and gleamed up at Santa, "Santa, I love Santa's cock. Am I naughty or nice Santa?"

As she stood Santa drew Erin into him and kissed her through his beard. Erin giggled at how his beard tickled her. 

As they kissed Tina watched Santa's his white covered hands grasp at and play with her mother's small breasts. Erin like her two sisters and mother had tiny athletic figures. Though Erin's breasts were small they were normally sensitive. On that night they sent stronger than normal pleasure sensations racing throughout her body. Her eyes rolled and then closed with pleasure. Tina watched with fascination her mother's body undulate into Santa to urge him to keep pleasuring her.

One of Santa's hands moved lower and disappeared below an upraised red skirt. Though the kiss had long ended, her mother still held Santa tenaciously around his neck. Her breathing became more rapid and shallow. It appeared to Tina that Santa was whispering something in her mother's ear since Erin was nodding her head vigorously.

Minutes later Erin was laying on the carpet. Her blouse was wide open to expose her breasts to his glimmering eyes. Her skirt around her waist. That her mother was not wearing panties did not go unnoticed by Tina. 

Santa lay beside her mother. They kissed as he took off his right glove. His hand then moved over her breasts and belly. Santa lowered his face. Tina's eyes widened as Santa began to lick and feast upon her mother's small breasts. Erin moaned quietly and her hand drew Santa into her breasts. Her quiet moaning intensified as one breast and then another fully disappeared into his mouth while his figures moved between her nether lips. 

Tina remained transfixed as she watched a fleshly pole point downward toward her mother's upper thighs. Santa moved over her mother. She nodded. Santa's beard lay upon Erin's chest as he lowered his lips to Erin's. As they kissed his loins moved down. 

Though his hard tool disappeared out of sight between Erin's thighs, Tina knew what was happening when her mother's hand reached down. She knew what happened when out of sight of Tina.

For many delightful minutes Tina watched Santa's white ass move up and down as he thrust into Erin. Tina watched her mother's legs repeatedly wrap themselves around Santa's waist only to untangle them. She watched her mother's body respond to the feelings being generated from within her womanhood. Erin's cries of joy became more vocalized and increasingly high pitched. Periodically Erin's body shook as her hips thrust rapidly up. Repeatedly she cried aloud as series of, "yes'" and "ooohhh's." 

Even from her vantage point Tina was able to see the copious fluids covering Santa's cock and the moisture all across Erin's thighs. Tina knew enough to know from biology and the school lessons that her mother if she was not at the height of being receptive, she was only a day or two off.

After the second series of moaning cries Tina watched her mother aggressively roll Santa upon his back. She stood, but only momentarily. Once her blouse and skirt dropped to the floor Erin was left only in her red stockings. Tina blushed at seeing her mother's nudity. Tina was well aware that not only was she taller than her mother but even at her age Tina's breasts were larger as well. Only after she returned to her own room did Tina realize the significance of her mother not wearing a bra or panties. 

Tina's mouth hung open as she saw her mother move to her knees and position her womanhood above the erect and firm cock. The cock soon disappeared into her mother. It would disappear and then partially reappear before disappearing again. The only thing that was exposed on Santa was his loins. She watched him play with Erin's breasts with his right hand. The more excited he became the more his loins thrust upward as he rocked downward, and the more he mauled her breast. 

Their eagerness and earnest increased. Moments later Santa groaned a throaty "Ho, Hooo, Hooo". Though her hips no longer were going up and down, they were undulating like she was a belly dancer. Erin nearly screamed "Ohh yeess" repeatedly. Erin nearly screamed "Ohh yeess" repeatedly. After their cries ended, Erin fell upon Santa.

Tina who had been touching herself moved quietly back up the stairway. She lay upon her bed with her hands and fingers delivering pleasure to her breasts and womanhood. With closed eyes, Tina brought herself off twice imagining that she was in her mother's place with Santa. Most nights for the following two weeks Tina joyously brought herself release as she recalled the images. 

Until she moved out of her parent's home, Tina quietly watched her mother and Santa each Christmas Eve. For several days before and a couple weeks after Tina gave herself climaxes to the image of her being with Santa.

When Tina finished telling her story, Terri was the first to speak. "Wow. Your mother and father have such a wonderful tradition. No wonder you want Sam to dress up as Santa." Turning to her husband she laughed with a gleam in her eye, "Honey, how about you getting a Santa outfit this year and starting a Christmas Eve tradition of our own."

After finishing a sip of wine Sam laughed aloud, "We have not fully implanted her parent's tradition. Go ahead, tell them the rest of it."

Tina shook her head no but eventually with her husband's urging quietly filled in the others on what her husband meant. "Nine months later by baby brother Ron was born. The next Christmas my mother thanked Santa for the special Christmas gift."

She looked at her husband after she took a deep breath. He nodded. The others knew she had more to say. Tina looked at Kendra. Tina invited Kendra to visit for the week because Tina's father Ken was not doing well health wise. She took another breath knowing that this was the time to break the news rather than tomorrow as planned. 

Still looking at Kendra she continued, "The next year I noticed two things. Santa's belt buckle was silver while my father's belt as gold. When my mother thanked Santa for giving her the special gift I noticed that he had a burn scare on the back of his left hand just above his ring finger and pinky." 

Kendra's mouth opened as she rose to go into the kitchen. As Kendra entered that kitchen Al said, "You are saying that Santa was not your father. Your mother seems to be the paragon of conservatism and virtue. Where was your father?"

--------------------------

Less than two minutes after Kendra left, Tina entered the kitchen. She poured herself another glass of wine. She looked at Kendra, the youngest daughter of her mother's sister. Sitting beside Kendra Tina asked, "Are you okay?"

She nodded before quietly saying, "I am now. It comes as a shock to learn Ron and I are brothers."

"You and Ron are not siblings, just cousins."

Kendra was puzzled. Tina sat there allowing her to think it through. She was born just a few days after Ron and she too was called "my Santa gift" by her mother. Kendra looked at Tina whose facial features were so like hers. People often commented that they could pass for sisters. The aha moment swept over Kendra. Her eyes widened. Without a word the two women stood. Kendra smiled as she stepped into her sister's hug.