 As he turned onto his street, Bo squirmed in his seat, trying to stretch his tired back. It was nearly 10 pm and his day, which had begun at 6 am, was nearly over. He thanked God it was Friday and that he wouldn't have to perform a repeat of the day, or the week for that matter. His wife, Kelly, had been out of town the whole week. She was a corporate trainer and her company had been expanding which meant she traveled a lot. She'd left the prior Sunday and would return Saturday afternoon. Then, on Tuesday, she'd be off to Atlanta for meetings. Bo respected his wife immensely and loved her dearly. As their child had grown to school age, Kelly had decided to return to work. She was tireless at her work and with their little girl. However, in the past year, as her star rose in the company, she had begun to travel more and more. The increased separation and stress had begun to take a toll on their marriage. Their sex life, which had been fun, regular, and at times wild, had suffered. Used to having sex several times a week, Bo had suffered as the frequency and intensity waned. Now, he felt lucky if he got it twice a month and he was downright giddy if he felt that Kelly was totally into it too.

Bo worked as a banker, which provided far less travel and somewhat more regular hours. Even so, he'd had to rely on several sitters to keep Emma, their six year old. As it was summer, there were several readily available. The one staying with Emma tonight was named Amber Leigh. She was an 18 year old college student that Emma adored and that Bo dreamed of having. She had been referred to them by friends at church, where her father was an associate minister. The first time she'd shown up, a little over a year ago, Bo's eyes had nearly popped out. She was about 5'6", slender, with big, dark eyes, lustrous black hair that fell just past her shoulders, and a curvy body that immediately gave him a woody. 

As he turned into the driveway, he wondered again what it would be like to go to bed with Amber Leigh. His cock stiffened as he imagined thrusting into her. He parked the car and shook his head to clear it. Between the drinks he'd had with business dinner he'd attended and his lack of sex, he was feeling quite randy as he unlocked the door from the garage and stepped into the house. 

He hung his keys by the door and slung his suit coat over a chair as he walked through the kitchen. Amber Leigh was in the den watching TV and he swallowed hard as she turned to face him. 

She smiled and said, "Hi, Mr. B!" 

Bo was speechless. Amber Leigh was wearing an open white cotton blouse over a tight pink tank top and a short denim mini skirt. Her long, slender legs were curled under her. She looked like a dream. "Mr. B.? You okay?" she asked with a grin. 

He stuttered. "I, I'm, um, uh, I'm fine, Amber Leigh. How'd it go tonight?"

"Oh, it was fine Mr. B. Emma did great. She's sleeping. She's such a sweetie." He couldn't take his eyes off her, but managed to say, "Good. Good. I sure appreciate you sitting for her. It's a huge help."

"Oh, you're welcome," she said. "I like to sit with her. She's fun. Besides, I know it must be tough with Mrs. B traveling so much. I don't see how you do it, really." 

Bo smiled and stretched his back again. He nodded and murmured, "It's not easy." 

He turned, walked back into the kitchen, and poured himself a glass of wine. "Well, aren't you sitting for us next week?" He looked up to find her leaning on the bar, watching him with those big, brown eyes. He swallowed hard and she smiled.

"Yes, sir," she said, "Thursday night, I think." She looked at his glass and asked, "That looks good. Would you mind if I had a glass?"

Bo hesitated for a second, then poured a second glass and handed it to her. She sipped it and watched him. "You must get lonesome sometimes," she observed. 

Bo wasn't quite sure where this conversation was heading, but he nodded, "It can, yes."

She sipped her wine and then came around the bar and put her hand on his shoulder. "Maybe I can help," she purred.

Alarm bells were going off in Bo's head. His brain was telling him to move away and send her home. "This girl is half your age," his brain reasoned. He knew he should get out of the way of temptation, but the scent of her perfume, the proximity of her body, and her big brown eyes staring into his kept him riveted to the floor. "Would you like me to keep you company tonight?" she asked.

"What, what about Emma?" he stammered. 

Amber Leigh smiled and whispered, "I kept her up later than normal and we played a lot. She was so tired she couldn't keep her head up when I put her down. Besides, we'll be on the other side of the house."

Bo's mind fought for control with his body. As if sensing his conflict, Amber Leigh pressed herself against him and whispered, "Come play with me."

Bo's penis jumped and began to swell quickly. She reached down with the back of her hand and stroked the top of penis through his pants. He shivered at the sensation. Then Amber Leigh took his hand and led him to his bedroom. 

When they got there, she turned to face him, leaning against him and reaching up to kiss him. Her lips were full and warm and tasted of vanilla. "I want to please you. Why don't you sit over there, Mr. B," she whispered. She pointed to an easy chair in one corner of the room. Without taking his eyes off her, he went and sat down. It became obvious that she'd planned this as she lit two candles and turned on a blues CD. She stood in front of him and began to run her hands over herself. Bo watched with his mouth open as her hands moved and her hips began to sway to the music.

She turned away from him and slipped the blouse off her shoulders, letting it drop to the floor. Next, her fingers danced around her midriff and she took the hem of her tank top and slowly pulled it over her head, tossing it back to Bo with a smile. He caught it and set it beside him without taking his eyes off Amber Leigh. She continued her striptease. With her back to him, she unhooked her bra. Looking back over her shoulder at him, she slid the straps off her shoulders, and then turned slowly to face him with her arms crossed over her chest. He had a raging hard on now which he wanted badly to release from his pants. He watched her lustfully as she slowly lowered her arms and removed her bra. She stopped for a second with her tits pushed up and framed in her arms. Slowly she let her hands dropped to her sides and Bo swallowed hard. Amber Leigh had full, firm breasts with tan nipples which were beginning to pucker as the air hit them. She smiled at him, then began to dance and sway again, turning away from him and playing with the hem of her skirt. Slowly, she lowered the zipper and rolled the skirt halfway down her butt. Then she began to sway faster and harder and the skirt slowly slipped to the floor. She looked back at him and smiled again. Then, she spread her legs slightly, and pushed her panties to the floor. Bo's heart was beating quickly and his breathing was ragged. What she did next nearly stopped his heart. She bent at the waist until her hands touched the ground and her ass was pointed at him. She winked, and hiked her panties back to him. He caught them, again not taking his eyes from her body. Her butt, like her breasts appeared firm and full. She turned to face him and approached until she was just out of his reach. 

"Stand up," Amber Leigh said huskily. He did and she moved close to him, kissing him and running her hands down the front of his shirt and over the front of his pants. Bo deepened the kiss and their tongues danced as she began to unhook his belt and unbutton his pants. Bo quickly unbuttoned his shirt as Amber Leigh removed his pants. His throbbing penis spring from his shorts and she took it gently in her hand. "Sit back down", she commanded. He did and she knelt between his knees. "Lay back and relax," she whispered. 

Her eyes locked on his as she moved in close and begin to stroke his inner thighs with her fingertips. He shivered as her fingers touched his engorged penis. She wrapped her fingers around his shaft lightly and stroked slowly. Already erect, his cock thickened quickly. She took her hand off it and leaned in to kiss the head softly. He groaned as she began to lick his swollen head. She reached back with her fingertips and began to stroke his balls even as she took his head in her mouth. She rubbed his balls as her head began to slide up and down on his shaft. Bo groaned with pleasure, loving the sensations shooting through his cock and the sight of her mouth sliding up and down and her breasts swaying with her movements. He began to buck his hips, thrusting his cock deeper into her mouth. She moaned, but didn't stop sucking. His cock felt incredible and he knew if he didn't stop her, this would end far too quickly. 

Gently, he pushed her back. Amber Leigh sat back and looked at him with desire written on her pretty face. She stood in front of him and he sat up, taking her hands in his as he began to kiss and nuzzle her inner thighs. He worked his way upward to her pussy, kissing and licking all around it, teasing her. She moaned, "Please," softly. Softly, Bo nuzzled her warm, bald pussy. He began to kiss it and run his tongue slowly up and down the slit. "Yes," she sighed. His tongue pressed deeper, licking and stroking and she stepped closer to him. He let go of her hands and ran his hands around her hips, grabbing her firm bottom and squeezing. She grunted and pushed her pussy into his face. Bo moved his hands back around to her front and began to lightly rub Amber Leigh's clit as he licked her pussy. She moaned softly in her throat. His tongue found her swollen clit and began to lick as he slid two fingers into her. She was extremely wet and his fingers slipped in easily. He began to rub as his tongue swirled and pressed on her clitoris. She moaned again, thrusting her hips to meet his fingers. He slipped a third finger in and increased the tempo of his fingers and tongue. Her breathing became ragged and she began to sigh and moan. He slipped his right arm behind her and pulled her even closer as he increased the depth and tempo of his fingers and the pressure of his tongue. Amber Leigh began to cry out, moaning and whining with pleasure. Without warning she stiffened, sucked in a deep breath and her body shook and spasmed as she orgasmed. . She remained frozen for what seemed like eternity, unable to get her breath, as Bo continued to pleasure her. Finally, she caught her breath and screamed with pleasure. "Stop," she begged, "Stop! Oh, m-god! Too much! Ohhhhhhh, fuck ohhhhhhhhhgawddddddddd!!!" Bo eased off, bringing her down slowly, until her knees buckled and she collapsed on top of him in a limp, giggling heap. 

"My god that felt good," she cooed. "Boys my age don't have a fucking clue how to do that right." She grinned and added, "This wasn't supposed to be about me though." Bo put his arm around her and reclined the chair halfway back. Amber Leigh pressed herself against him as he kissed her. She reached down and lightly ran her finger down his still half erect cock. "What are we going to do about that?" she asked. He kissed her again. "I'm open to suggestion," he said. She giggled and kissed him deeply. They kissed passionately, both letting their hands roam over the other's body. Though 36 years old, Bo was in good shape and Amber Leigh's hands roamed his well muscled arms and back and the coarse hair on his broad chest. His hands roamed over her soft, youthful body. He marveled at the firmness of her body as he touched her. Her hand found his cock and began to stroke the shaft as their tongues danced and their lust became hotter and hotter. 

Amber Leigh broke the kiss and rolled on top of Bo. "I want you inside me," she whispered. "Yes," he sighed, "Yes, baby". His hands reached up and cupped her perfect breasts. He fondled them, massaging and rubbing them. She sighed, enjoying the warmth of his hands and the touch of his fingers on her erect nipples. She kissed him again hungrily and then began to kiss and lick down his body, teasing his nipples with her tongue and rubbing her breasts against him. She slid off the end of the recliner and kissed the tip of his penis. He groaned as she pressed her breasts together around his shaft and began to slide up and down. Bo's breathing was ragged and his body ached with lust as she titty fucked him. After several minutes she stopped and took his shaft in her hand and began to rub the under side of the head against her erect nipples. The sight of it alone drove him wild, and the feel was exquisite. After several moments of this, she crawled back on top of him, kissing her way back up his belly and chest until her mouth found his. Bo kissed her heatedly, squeezing her firm ass, loving the feel of her firm, young body against his. She pushed away and moved up so that her breasts hung over his face. "Oh, baby," he smiled. He took them in his hands and began to circle the right nipple with his tongue as he rubbed and tugged on the left one with the fingers of his right hand. She cooed and sighed as he began to suck on her nipple. He switched sides, now ministering to the left one with his mouth and the right one with his fingers. As he did, she shifted her weight to her left side and reached between them to rub his rigid shaft. He groaned. Amber Leigh moved back down and kissed him again, crushing herself to him. He pushed her hips up and looked into her eyes, inches from his as he rubbed the head of his cock over her pussy lips. Her eyes locked on his and she mouthed, "Yes."

Slowly, Bo slid the head of his penis inside her. Both of them gasped at the sensation. She was very wet and warm, and incredibly tight. Once he was comfortably inside, Bo moved his hands to her hips and began to guide her as they began to move together. His thrusts were slow and shallow at first, gauging her comfort and extending their pleasure. After several thrusts, Amber Leigh pushed herself upright, driving him deeper. She began to circle her hips in rhythm with his thrusts. It felt good and they both moaned softly. Her hands were on his chest and his moved up to fondle her swaying breasts as they increased the tempo of their love making. The recliner rocked as their bodies bucked harder. Amber Leigh was breathing raggedly, moaning with pleasure and exertion. Bo grunted as he thrust up into her, wanting to go deeper and harder, but having difficulty in the unstable recliner. 

Finally, he reached behind her to steady her, and then raised the recliner upright. Amber Leigh squealed at the sudden motion and movement, and then gasped as he put his arms around her and stood up, taking two quick steps to the bed. He popped out as he put her down and she whined, but he quickly got between her legs again, pulling them around his waist and inserting his rigid cock back inside her. Both of them groaned as he leaned over her and began to thrust. "Yes," she hissed, "Yes, baby. Fuck me! Fuck me!"

Any restraint Bo had now left him and he thrust deep and hard into her tight, wet pussy. She thrust her hips to meet him, causing her breasts to shake. Both of them were sighing and moaning. The bed was squeaking and the wet slap of Bo's cock slamming in and out filled the room. Suddenly, Amber Leigh pushed him back. He popped out, not quite sure what was going on until she pulled her legs up. He grinned as he moved back in and she rested her ankles on his shoulders. "Wow," he said. 

She smiled, panting, and said, "This is what years of cheerleading and dance can do for your flexibility." Both of them laughed and then she whispered, "Now fuck me good." Her big eyes locked on his as he re-entered her. He kept pushing gently until he was in all the way to the hilt. "Oh, m'god," he groaned. He pulled back slowly, and then pushed in again all the way. Slowly he picked up speed, thrusting deep into her. Her moans of pleasure increased in volume and intensity with his thrusts. His penis was moving quickly now, the wet slap of their bodies coming together grew faster and faster. Amber Leigh's head lolled from side to side and she alternately moaned and urged him on. His cock was throbbing and he knew he wouldn't be able to hold back the cum boiling in his balls much longer. 

"Oh! Ohhh! Uh! MMmmm! Yes, yes YES! Please baby! Please cum inside me!" she begged. He was slamming in and out of her for all he was worth. Her pussy began to clinch and shake as she began to go over the edge. Her back arched and her fists clenched and her whole body shook as she came. Her mouth moved, but no sound came out for a second. Then she screamed. Bo groaned, and then shouted as his penis erupted deep in Amber Leigh's pussy. He shot one huge load and then his cock began to spurt again and again as her body shook around it. They both moaned and cried out again as another wave of pleasure rolled over them. Amber Leigh whimpered and moaned as she slowly came off her orgasmic high. Bo was panting, still thrusting slowly and gently as his penis continued to jerk and spit periodically inside her. He moved back slightly, allowing her to pull her legs down. She smiled gratefully, then put her arms around him, keeping him inside her. 

She kissed him softly and he responded. "That was incredible," she slurred, totally spent. 

"Yes it was," Bo agreed. He kissed her again, "Thank you." 

"Your wel," she said, the word not quite coming out. "You wore me out," she giggled softly. 

Gently he pulled out of her, causing them both to sigh. He rolled onto his back and pulled her close. She nuzzled his neck, molding her body to his. "Maybe I can keep you from being lonely again," she murmured as her eyelids drooped shut and her head lolled to his shoulder. 

"I'd like that," Bo whispered, "Oh, how I'd like that."