 This story is fiction. Please be advised that this fictional story involves exhibitionism, voyeurism, forced-sex play, and rough sexual contact between consenting adults. 

***** 

I am one of those lucky bastards who is fortunate enough to work from home. I am a freelance writer, mainly of technical articles. I never know when a new assignment will come in, especially since I do a fair amount of work for overseas companies. So, I work from home, where I have an office with all the necessities - computer, laser printer, copier, fax machine, etc. There are many great advantages to being able to work in my own office in my own house, but I am especially lucky because of the view I have had from my office window for nearly the last five years. 

My office is on the second story of my house, and the window in my office overlooks the backyard of the house next door. Most of that view is a wall of greenery - a privacy hedge that blocks much of the yard next door even from my second story vantage point. However, by fortunate chance, a break in the foliage of the privacy hedge is perfectly placed for a person at my office window to see an area of the patio of the house next door that is perfect for sunbathing, as well as the steps leading down into the built-in pool and the first three yards or so of the pool itself. 

However, for the first four years I lived in my house, it was not clear to me how lucky I was that my office window was perfectly positioned for observing sunbathers in the neighboring yard. The homeowner at that time, Mrs. Randle, was a sweet, friendly widow in her 70s. She was a great neighbor, but not much of a viewing interest. 

When her sister lost her husband in 2009, Mrs. Randle concluded it made sense for the two of them to live together. Her sister lived in Florida, and Mrs. Randle further decided it was best for them to live there. Mrs. Randle's house was purchase by a family of three - the Harrisons. 

Jack and Sasha Harrison were both in their mid-thirties (he was thirty-six and she was thirty-four) and were both blonde, fit and attractive. They had met and married in college. He was an attorney and she was a part-time librarian. They had one child, Leena, who was in her early teens. They were a nice family, albeit not as quiet as Mrs. Chandler had been. 

The Harrisons moved in in October, so I did not notice the change in viewing opportunities from my office window until late May of the 2010. That day, I had been working all morning and most of the afternoon in my office, but I was having trouble finishing the article on which I was working. I went to look out the window, just to clear my mind, not really intending to pay any attention to the scenery. However, the scenery turned out to be far more interesting than I had expected. 

Instead of just a view of the patio and pool, I could see Sasha Harrison, wearing almost nothing, sunning herself on a lounge chair in her backyard. Tiny pieces of neon pink cloth covered very small areas of her breasts and crotch, and the thong back of her bikini bottoms covered none of her ass. 

Sasha may have been thirty-four (nearly ten years younger than I was), but she had the body of a woman in her mid-twenties. At only five feet four inches tall, the petite blonde was not tall enough to have long legs, but they were toned and shapely (and nicely tanned). Her breasts were also quite shapely. While not very large, they were proportionate to her frame. However, as nice as her boobs and legs were, what really shined was her incredible ass. Like her breasts, her ass was of proportionate size to her height and body type. What made it special was that it was perfectly rounded and very firm (the product of hours on a stair climber, I later learned) - it was the perfect complement to her nicely curved hips. Sasha was reclined at about a 45 degree angle in the lounge chair when I first saw her that May afternoon. She was clearly relishing the sun on her nearly naked flesh. A few minutes after I started watching her, she stood up and reclined the back of the lounge all the way down. She then sprayed something on her back, the back of her legs, and her exquisite ass. I assumed she was using some kind of spray on sunscreen, a supposition that was supported when she began to rub it into her skin. 

I was mesmerized watching her rub the lotion on her skin, especially the back of her legs and her ass. When she was evidently satisfied with the lotion, Sasha lay down on the lounge chair on her stomach. After she had positioned herself to her satisfaction, she untied her bikini top, letting the strings fall to the side. 

I stared at her ass for some time, imagining what it would be like to fuck her from behind. While I watched, the blonde must have decided she needed more sunscreen on her exposed derriere, because she sprayed some lotion into her hand and started rubbing it on her perfect butt. 

She rubbed in the lotion slowly, making sure to massage her own ass cheeks as she did so. I had been somewhat aroused just watching my hot blonde neighbor sunbathing and rubbing in the sunscreen the first time, but I became even more aroused watching her sensually rub more lotion on her own butt, of which she was clearly fond. 

Then, to my surprise, Sasha squeezed her own ass cheeks several times. When she had finished and had moved her hands away, a slightly red cast lingered on the smooth skin of her rear. I had a sudden vision of her firm, shapely ass burning red after a spanking, and my arousal turned to a full hard-on. 

I closed my eyes while I pulled down my pants and underwear and started slowly stroking my now hard cock. I was letting my mind linger on the vision of her hands tightly squeezing her own ass. I wanted to burn it into my memory. 

Faintly, I heard the sound of a phone ringing. I opened my eyes and saw Sasha propped up on her elbows, talking on a wireless phone. With the now hot blonde up on her elbows, from my vantage point, which was nearly perpendicular to the placement of her lounge chair, I had a nice view of the side of her left breast as it hung, pendulous; I also could make out more than just a hint of her areola and nipple. 

After just a few moments, Sasha put the phone down on the patio and lowered herself back down onto her stomach. As she did so, she turned her head toward the wall between our houses. 

I was not sure whether she was able to see me at my upstairs window from such a low angle, but just in case, I stepped back. My concern that she may have noticed me watching her began to overcome my arousal and my cock softened. I continued watching her from a safe distance away from the window, but I did not become aroused again. 

Later that night, I masturbated to the thought of Sasha and her incredible body, especially her own hands squeezing her perfect ass. 

*** 

Nearly three weeks had passed and I had not seen Sasha lying out in her tiny neon pink bikini again. Both she and her daughter had been out in the back doing various things over that time, and Sasha had even been sunbathing a few times wearing bikinis, but they were not nearly as revealing as her neon pink one. The only really interesting thing I had seen during those three weeks was Jack Harrison briefly sneaking his fingers under his wife's bikini bottom as he rubbed lotion on her back and legs. From the way his fingers lingered, I did not think I was alone in appreciating her ass. However, although I found it somewhat arousing to watch him fondle his hot blonde wife's backside and to think of myself in his place, this paled in comparison to watching Sasha fondle her own ass. What I did not know was that I would soon see even more amazing sights. 

It was late on a Tuesday morning, and I had just finished up a freelance article that had come in early that morning on a short deadline. I was pondering taking a nap, as I had been up early working, but I decided to look out the window before going to lie down. At first, my mind did not really comprehend what my eyes were seeing. 

Sasha was lying back on a lounge chair, which was again reclined about 45 degrees. The chair normally faced the pool, but now it was turned so it was facing the wall between our houses. The petite blonde was wearing only a pair of sunglasses, and she was slowly, thoroughly rubbing sunscreen on her naked breasts. 

My cock hardened almost instantly, once I had really accepted what I was seeing. I thought about going and grabbing a seldom used telescope from the shelf in the garage where it collected dust, but I did not want to miss anything. Instead, I grabbed a small pair of binoculars I had started keeping in my office desk a few weeks before, after I had seen Sasha sunbathing the first time. 

I stood a couple of feet back from the window, to make sure the binoculars did not catch any sun, and focused in on the sunbathing woman. She still had her hands on her boobs, but she was no longer rubbing in lotion. She was squeezing them tightly, like she had done to her ass last time, as well as twisting them a bit. I groaned out loud as I pulled down my pants and underwear and wrapped my hand around my throbbing cock. I leaned in closer to the window, wanting a better look, wanting to be even a little closer. 

Sasha quit squeezing her tits and concentrated on torturing her own nipples. She pinched and stretched and twisted them, compulsively licking her lips as she did so. I was stroking my cock faster and faster, and I realized I was licking my own lips as I watched her. My breathing grew heavier, and I figured I was getting close. 

Suddenly, she spread her legs wide, revealing a completely shaved pussy. She dropped her right hand down to her pussy and pushed two fingers inside. Her left hand was alternately squeezing each of her tits roughly as she moved two fingers of her right hand in and out of her pussy. I stroked my cock even faster. 

Then, just as I was on the edge, she pulled her fingers from her pussy, brought them up to her nose, sniffed them, and then sucked them deeply into her mouth, her lips forming a perfect ring around them as her cheeks hollowed out. I came, quicker and stronger than I had anticipated. I did not have time to snatch any tissue from my desk, not that it would have likely mattered because my cum arched high and splattered the window itself. As my breathing returned to normal and I was able to focus again, I saw that Sasha was now rubbing her clit and appeared to be moaning. I focused my binoculars on her hand as she brought herself to the edge of climax. 

Her fingers suddenly stopped rubbing her clit. I brought the binoculars up a little bit and saw that my sexy blonde neighbor was looking toward the backdoor of her house. Her fingers, though motionless now, lingered on her clitoris. She stared through her dark sunglasses at her house for a few moments. Then, whatever or whoever had distracted her must have gone because she turned her face back toward the wall between our houses. A small smile played across her full lips as she started to rub her clit again. 

I thought I might have time to jack off again, since I figured that the interruption would likely have cooled Sasha off enough that she would have to work herself back up to climax. I was wrong - within a few more seconds, Sasha appeared to be moaning again. Then, her left hand tightened on her right tit, her right hand pushed hard against her clit, and she bucked her hips a couple of times. Her whole body shuddered and her lips trembled. I assumed she was gasping and/or moaning, and I thought to myself, "I will have to open the window next time, or maybe get a listening device..." 

Sasha was now lying limp on the lounge share, occasionally shuddering. Her right hand lightly played with her pussy lips, and her left massaged her tits. Her right boob bore read marks from her fingers (she had evidently squeezed it quite hard when she came). I suspected that her orgasm had been even more intense than my own. 

After a couple of minutes, she let her left arm fall to her side. She drew her right hand up to her face, and like before, sniffed her fingers before sucking them clean. She smiled the same small smile as earlier. Then, she got up, grabbed a robe that was lying near the chair, put it on, and slowly walked into her house, shutting the sliding glass door behind her. 

*** 

A few days after watching my incredibly sexy neighbor getting herself off, I was still replaying it my mind and masturbating to it. I had never witnessed anything so wanton, including some pretty hot actual sexual encounters. I could not get it out of my head. And, I had come up with a plan to make sure I did not let another opportunity like that slip by without being able to capture something more vivid than my memory. 

I had originally thought to purchase a telescope that hooked up to my computer so I could record close up video, but I soon found that the cost of such a setup was rather prohibitive. Instead, I bought a digital camcorder with a 20x zoom lens and a nice tripod. I set the camcorder up in my office a couple of feet back from the window. With the curtains just slightly open, I could zoom in quite nicely without the camera being seen through the window. 

But I wanted more than video - I wanted to hear what was going on as well. I purchased a parabolic microphone that hooked up to the camcorder. It could pick up everything that happened in the back yard next door, even with my window shut. 

The great thing about my new setup was that I could watch it real time on my computer (no more standing at the window like a common peeping Tom) as well as control the zoom function from my computer. Unfortunately, a week passed with Sasha sunbathing only in tame bikinis, and during that time she did not play with herself once. I was a bit disappointed after the show the week before, but I was also willing to be patient. 

*** 

I was out at my mailbox on Friday morning, a week and a half after I had watched my sexy neighbor masturbating by her pool, when I heard someone calling my name. I turned and saw Sasha walking across her front lawn toward me. Her shoulder length blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and she looked to be wearing minimal makeup. She had on very short running shorts and a blue tank top with no bra underneath. She clearly was not dressed to go out, and I guessed she was not working that day. 

"Hey Kevin," she said with a wide smile. "How's it goin'?" 

"Great," I replied, not sure what else to say. It was all I could do not to stare at either her full lips, remembering them tight around her fingers as she sucked her own juices off of them, or her nipples, which were quite noticeable under the thin material of her tank top. I made myself look in her eyes instead, but it did not help that much - she had incredible light blue eyes with just a hint of green around the pupils. 

I was about to ask how she was, but before I could, she said, "I hope we haven't disturbed you with any yelling. My daughter, Leena, and I just can't get along anymore. One of us is always pissed at the other, it seems." 

"I haven't heard anything," I told her. "I'm sorry you guys are not getting along." 

"Yeah, well Jack hit on an idea that benefits us all. He is taking her to his mom and dad's place for a week or two. They left this morning - Jack took the day off to take her. I would have taken her myself, but I could not face several hours in the car with her; plus, he wanted to see his parents." 

As she talked, I noticed she was playing with a strand of hair that had come loose from her pony tail and fallen to the side of her face. She twirled it and tugged it, and I kept wondering what it felt like, what it would be like to have my fist intertwined in it as I fucked her from behind, spanking that fantastic ass while I did so. 

I felt myself becoming aroused, and I knew I could not stand out there with her much longer. So, I said, "Well, maybe this will give you both a chance to relax, with her out of the house for a bit," hoping to bring the conversation to a close. 

Sasha smiled, and to me, it looked like a mischievous grin. She reached out and lightly put her hand on my arm. My skin tingled at the contact from her thin, delicate fingers. 

"Oh, I plan to relax, but I also plan to be a little wild. I cannot remember the last time I had more than a couple of days alone with my husband. But we'll try and keep it down so you don't hear an entirely different kind of yelling." 

"I am sure it will be fine," I managed, not really knowing why I said it. 

She lightly ran her fingers down my forearm, causing goose bumps to spread up my arm and my cock to harden. She then favored me with another grin before turning, getting her mail from her mailbox, and walking - no, sashaying - across her lawn. She had to be swaying her hips on purpose, I thought, as my eyes lingered on her fabulous ass. 

She turned to look back, and giggled when she saw me still watching her. 

"Bye, Kev," she said, and blew me a kiss. Then, with a wink and another giggle, she continued on her way toward her front door. 

"Bye," came weakly from my mouth, but I doubted she heard me. She gave no sign she did. 

Shaking my head, I turned and walked back toward my own front door. I resisted the urge to turn and see if she might have looked my way again. It wasn't until I was inside my house that I wondered if my neighbor noticed the erection that had sprouted at her touch on my arm. 

Following a hunch, I ran upstairs, turned on the camcorder and the parabolic microphone, and started the camcorder control program on my computer. I was disappointed that the image on the screen showed an empty lounge chair, which was again facing the pool rather than my house. 

I tilted the parabolic microphone toward her house, but I did not think I would be able to hear anything happening inside unless there really was yelling. However, I heard the sound of a sliding door opening, so I zoomed the camera out to see if Sasha had come out into the back yard. My hand trembled slightly with anticipation as I used the mouse to zoom out. 

Through some leaves, I could make out Sasha standing in the open sliding glass door, naked. She stepped out on the patio, closing the door behind her. With a kind of lazy stroll, she walked to the lounge chair and turned it to face my house. Suddenly, a new thought crossed my mind, something I had not fully considered when I had watched her before: what if the show Sasha gave me last time really was a show? What if she knew I was watching her? 

I almost shut down the camera, but I was enthralled by her petite but shapely body. I could not look away. I moved the mouse so that the cursor was over the record icon. I hesitated, knowing that clicking on it would make this all different, less innocent in some way. But I did not care, especially if she was indeed putting on a show for me. I clicked the record icon. 

Sasha, still standing, was rubbing sunscreen all over her tanned body. She had opted for regular lotion rather than the spray on kind. I suspected she knew that having to rub in all the lotion would provide more of a show. 

Since she was facing me, more or less, I was treated to a mind blowing view when she bent over to rub the lotion on her legs. Her breasts hung down from her chest and swayed as she rubbed. I was mesmerized. 

As she spread the lotion higher, she rose up, and soon she was upright again as her hands were rubbing the lotion on her slightly rounded belly. I had my cock out and was stroking it. As she reached her breasts with the lotion, my speed increased. She seemed to linger on her breasts, rubbing them even after all the lotion should have been absorbed by her skin. When she finally finished with her breasts, her nipples were clearly rock hard. 
