 Vanessa ran a brush through her long, amber hair, and eyed herself in the mirror. Green eyes stared back at her. 

'What do you think?' She asked them, silently, 'should I bother going to Hasita's party tonight?'

Her mirror eyes looked back at her.

Hasita had been planning this party for weeks, as a celebration of the end of their junior year in college. Hasita was her best friend, but Vanessa wasn't really much of a partier. Most nights, she would rather curl up on her couch and watch Gilmore Girl reruns. It was a little sad, when she thought about it. 

'I had better go.'

She got up from her vanity desk and walked over to her messy closet. She lived on campus. She had been lucky to get a single room, seeing as she was very unorganized most of the time, there were always clothes littering the floor and the counter in the bathroom was covered with her various lotions and make-up.

She surveyed her closet for something appropriate to wear. What would be good for a party like this? She picked out a cotton sundress. She stared at herself as she held it up and glanced into the mirror. She inspected herself for the thousandth time. She wasn't ugly, not in the least, but she did have certain insecurities. Like the way her bottom curved out from her body, and the freckles that traced her chest and trailed down onto her cleavage. She was average height, and curvy. She had a small birthmark on the nape of her neck. 

She sighed and replaced the dress back into the closet. Then, she saw the white silk dress that her mother had given her as a going-away-to-college present. She loved this dress, but she had never had a chance to wear it. What was a better time than now?

She undressed herself, and donned the lovely dress. Silk had always been her favorite fabric, and she loved how smooth it felt against her skin. Turning back to the mirror, she frowned. The dress was so shear and white that you could see her black bra right through it. 

'Ah, what the hell?' she thought, and slipped it off, quickly replacing the straps back on her shoulders. She felt a rush of naughtiness at the prospect of going to out without a bra. Her breasts were big, round and full, with nipples that hardened quickly. Looking at herself in the mirror, she could see a faint outline of them now.

She ran the brush through her hair last time, and hastily put it in a ponytail.

Before she had time to talk herself out of it, she was out the door, and walking to Hasita's party, an apartment complex a few blocks away. She walked briskly, not because it was cold out--- it was the beginning of summer--- but because she loved the way the dress swished against her bare skin and the way her breasted bounced.

When she got there, she was greeted at the door by none other than the host herself. 

Hasita was one of the most beautiful women Vanessa had ever seen, with parents who were both born in East India. She had a sultry and exotic beauty that no American girl could ever pull off, no matter how hard they tried. She was small and petite, with a face like a little girl, a person wouldn't know from looking at her that she was a force to be reckoned with. Vanessa had seen her pick arguments with full-grown, muscled men, and come off on the winning side.

"You're here!" she squealed, hugging me, "come in, come in!" She pulled Vanessa by the arm and led her into a room filled with people and noise. It was a typical college apartment, and you could tell. The couch looked old and comfortable, there was a bookshelf made of cinderblocks in a corner, filled with thick textbooks. There were college students milling around, drinking, talking, laughing, some guys were in the corner making, what looked to Vanessa like, a recreation of the Eifel Tower out of toothpicks. The living room and the kitchen were only separated by a counter, with three bar stools (all occupied), and two hallways branching out from the main room, one to the bathroom, one to Hasita's bedroom. Hasita continued talking. "Oh my gosh! I love your dress! You always look super cute. Hey, I'll go get you a beer. Why don't you mingle with some people?" she was obviously excited to have gotten Vanessa out of the house for once.

Vanessa wondered over to the couch and sat down, looking around at the people, and listening into a few conversations, but keeping quiet.

"Jesus. I can't believe he would do that to her. What an asshole."

"Yeah, man, I studied forever! I got a 93%."

"No, I'm not talking about that; I'm talking about the other one."

"Nah, dude, hold the toothpick still, and I'll put the glue on it."

Then Vanessa saw him. He was standing quietly in the corner, drinking something out of a plastic cup, not talking to anyone. He was majestic. He wore ripped jeans and a Led Zeppelin t-shirt, and had some major bed-head. He sported horn-rimmed glasses, perched casually on the bridge of his nose. He stood silently, looking at everyone in the room, except for her.

"Hey, honey, I got your beer!" It was Hasita, holding an unopened can, dripping with condensation. Vanessa took it, and she sat down next to me on the couch.

"Hey, Has, who's that guy, over there?" Vanessa pointed at him.

"Oh, him," she said, her eyes following the direction of my finger, "I don't know his name. Riley brought him, I think," she gestured over to one of the guys occupying the couch, "sexy, huh?"

"Oh yeah...." she said, only half paying attention to what she was saying.

Hasita became engrossed in another conversation, but Vanessa kept looking at the mystery guy. Suddenly, his head turned, and he looked right at her. Lightning bolts sent themselves zooming down her spine, and she shivered, then.... The moment was over. He looked away.

She got up, and wandered into the kitchen, where there was a game of beer pong going on. She sat on the countertop and watched as people drank themselves sick, she herself sipping on her beer. She forgot about the strange man.

After a while, she began to feel a little dizzy, she wasn't really a big alcohol drinker, and she didn't have a very high tolerance. The lights in the kitchen were beginning to feel very bright. She set down her beer and walked into Hasita's boudoir, which was mercifully empty and dimly lit. 

She dug in her purse for a couple of aspirin, and lay down on the bed, her dress fanning out around her, waiting for her headache to subside. Hasita's pillows were so comfortable, and her bed was very soft. Vanessa decided to close her eyes for just a moment....

A creak of the door made her eyes snap open.

"I didn't mean to wake you," purred a sultry voice.

She threw herself up onto her elbows and stared around wildly. Her eyes alighted on a tall figure in the doorway, light and party sounds coming through the half-open doorway. It was the guy in the ripped jeans. 

"Hi," was all Vanessa could manage.

"I don't mean to be too forward, but I couldn't keep my eyes off you out there, you are so incredibly gorgeous, I'm Bret, by the way," he said. He slowly walked over to the edge of the bed, and sat down. "Are you feeling alright?"

"I'm Vanessa, and I think so, I... I just got a little tipsy," she replied.

Bret chuckled quietly. "Well," he breathed, are you feeling better after your nap?"

"Um, yes," it was true, her headache was gone.

"Why don't I escort you back to the party, then? Maybe we can get to know each other." He offered her his hand, and helped her off the bed. Right, as she was getting up, though, she stumbled over a shirt thrown carelessly onto the floor, and he grabbed her shoulders to steady her. She was close enough to smell him, he smelled like autumn rain.

He didn't let go of her shoulders.

She looked up at him, letting her eyes rove over his slightly crooked nose, and his impressive cheekbones. On impulse, she stood up on her toes and kissed him quickly on the lips.

His mouth curved into a smile, and he leaned down and kissed her again. He tasted like apples and smoke, and she couldn't get enough of it. Their tongues danced in each other's mouths, and his hands left her shoulders, and travelled in opposite directions, one went up, into her hair, one went down, sliding slowly over the contours of her waist until it came to rest on her hip. She pulled back, and grinned mischievously. 

"Want to go back to my place?" she asked, slyly.

He looked a little surprised. "Yes. Of course."

She took his hand and they walked out of the bedroom, and through the living room. 

"Are you leaving already?" Hasita slurred, slightly drunkenly.

"Yeah, I'm a little tired," said Vanessa.

"Okay, seeya later, baby!" yelled Hasita, seemingly unaware that Vanessa was holding hands with Bret.

They walked all the way back to her apartment, holding hands, and chatting amiably. Vanessa learned that Bret was majoring in literature, and planned to become an eighth-grade English teacher, when he got out of college.

"Here we are," Vanessa said, when they reached her front door. She nervously bit her lip. She had never brought a boy back to her place. She wasn't a virgin, but they had always ended up going to his house, for one reason or another. She hadn't even thought to tidy up a bit. "It's a little messy."

She unlocked the door, and they walked inside.

"Nice place," he smiled at her, as she kicked a few stray items of clothing into the closet.

He shut the door behind him, and walked over to her, taking her in his arms. "Listen, I know we just met, so if anything I do feels uncomfortable to you, just tell me, alright?"

She nodded, but inwardly doubted that he could do anything that she would disapprove of.

He put his arms around her waist and started kissing her again. Vanessa thought that even if they just did that all night, she would be perfectly satisfied. His tongue flicked hers playfully, and she sighed in happiness.

Slowly, his hands started inching upwards towards her breasts, which now stood fully prominent, very noticeable, even through her dress. He nipped and tweaked them gently through her satin dress, as he kissed her. He squeezed and cupped her breasts, and drew small circles around her nipples with his fingertip. This was starting to drive Vanessa crazy. She threw caution to the winds, and snaked her hands up, under his shirt, feeling his stomach and chest. She let her hands wander over his collarbone and nipples. His skin felt warm and slightly muscular to her touch. He stopped kissing her for a moment. He reached behind her head and pulled out her ponytail, carefully brushing the away the kinks from the rubber band with his fingers.

She lifted the bottom of his shirt, and pulled it up over his head, exposing his torso and upper body. Seized by a sudden, unexpected lust, she tugged on his hand, and had him sit on the bed in front of her. She slowly walked a few steps away from him, and started taking off her dress, making sure he was watching her. She started to unzip her dress, meticulously taking her time; she could see the hunger in Bret's eyes, as he licked his lips. She glanced down at his crotch and saw him starting to tent. Soon, the entire zipper was down, and she started to pull down the straps. Once the dress had uncovered her breasts, she teasingly covered them with her arm. She could feel her pussy starting to get damp inside her black underwear.

Bret got up off the bed and took a piece of the dress in his hands, pulling it down over her hips, until it fell onto the floor in a pile. Since she had not worn a bra, Vanessa was then wearing nothing but her panties. He ran his hands down over her breasts, and across the flat plain of her stomach.

"I want you so badly," her murmured into her ear.

"Me to," she whispered back.

His hands made their way down her stomach and across her hips, making their way to the treasure down below. She gasped in anticipation, as he started rubbing a spot, just above her opening. She was so damp down there, that she thought there must be a wet spot in her panties. His hand travelled further down and started lightly stroked her clit. She moaned slightly. 

Taking that as a further incentive, he moved his hand to her wet hole, and entered her with one finger. She started breathing heavily, and wrapped her fingers in his hair. He continued pushing his finger deeper and deeper into her pussy, and she twisted and squirmed slightly.

"Faster," she muttered.

He penetrated her with another finger and started thrusting harder and harder into her, curling his fingers, and stroking her walls from the inside. She moaned. She felt her vaginal walls contract, and she started shaking, as her climax radiated through her body, dribbling juices all over his hand. He removed his fingers from her. She grabbed his hand, and sucked on his fingers, looking him in the eye as she did so, but he wasn't ready to stop pleasing her just yet.

"Lean against the wall for me," he ordered.

She quickly did as she was told.

He kneeled and took one of her softly shaven legs, hooking over his shoulder, in perfect position to get an eye-full of her damp pussy. He pressed his tongue against her hard clit, feeling her shutter as he moved his tongue around. He swirled his tongue around it, then sucked it, alternating. Then, he licked his way down to her opening; where he roughly shoved his tongue in, enjoying hearing Vanessa yell in surprise and excitement. He started to get even harder as Vanessa reached down and started fingering herself, as he was eating her. 

"Oh yes, Bret! Yes! Oh.... Oh.... Oh..." she could barely control what she was saying. She was beginning to feel shudders of her second orgasm of the night, deep in her hips. She grabbed Bret's head, and shoved her hips into his face, moaning, as she shivered again and again. 

She pulled him to his feet, as she knelt down, in the same position he was just in, and grasped his belt in her hands, and quickly undid it, letting loose his large erection. She rolled down his pants and boxers. It was thick and purple, and completely parallel with the floor. She took his member in her hand looked up at him, his eyes were already closed in expectation for what was about to come. She started licking up and down his shaft, holding onto it at the base. Then, she put her entire mouth around it, and started lightly sucking on the tip. He reached down, and entangled his fingers in her hair, moving his penis into her mouth slightly farther. She moved her head up and down his shaft, flicking her tongue around the tip. He sighed in pleasure. It was taking all of his self-control not to rip into her right then. She reached her other hand up and cupped his balls in her soft palm.

"Vanessa..... I ..... Can't take much more....." he gasped in ecstasy.

She didn't stop; she kept taking more and more of his rock-hard dick into her mouth. He moaned an almost feral sigh, and thrust his hips to match her mouth. Bret fought to keep control of his senses, but it was almost too much. 

He pulled her sharply up and pushed her easily onto her back on the bed. He maneuvered himself on top of her. He eased only the first half of his penis into her, trying not to hurt her. Vanessa laid her head back against the pillows and groaned in delight. He moved in and out of her a few times, then unexpectedly rammed his entire shaft into her, eliciting a scream from Vanessa, who forced her own hips up to meet his, trying to get as much of his member inside her as possible. 

"Oh.... Bret.... Bret.... More.... Harder..." was all Vanessa could manage.

He sucked on her neck, as he furiously pounded her pussy with his cock. His teeth bit down, as he shoved into Vanessa as far as he could go, desperately trying to hold in the orgasm that was starting to shake through him. 

"FUCK ME HARDER, BRET!" Vanessa screamed. "I NEED MORE!" 

Bret flipped over, so that she was on top, and carefully lifted her, slamming her back onto his cock, the thrusts got faster and faster, and Bret's hand moved to finger Vanessa's clit, as she rode his dick.

Vanessa's body started to twist and writhe again, and she screamed as she begins to cum again for the third time, this time more powerful than anything of the night. Her vaginal walls spasmed with the force, as the orgasm raged through her body. She twisted and whimpered, her fingernails scratching his chest. The sight and feeling was so impassioned, that Bret couldn't help but cum as well, and they orgasmed together, in a cloud of lustful rapture.

Vanessa collapsed next to Bret, panting. Both bodies were covered in sweat. She turned and looked at him, and closed her eyes, feeling contented and satisfied. 

************** ******************* ****************

Bret was not there when she woke up the next morning, but there was a note taped to the door asking her to meet him for breakfast, and a phone number. Vanessa smiled, and dialed her phone.