 The day I went to college I thought I had cleaned my last floor. Washed my last dish. Scrubbed my last toilet. I left home after five years too many of flipping burgers and dealing with other people's shit. I was done trying to make a bunch of assholes happy.

It took all of one day in a frat to realize I was wrong. The world was filled with unhappy assholes, and they were all my problem.

"Pledge Needledick! Make sure the floor shines." Beko was the frat vice president. He was about as funny as a cold sore. But he was also a linebacker, so people generally felt obligated to laugh.

"It's Cam." I said.

"It's Cam what?"

"It's Cam, Sir." I said. I did not sigh. It was difficult.

"It's pledge Needledick now." Beko woofed. Like a dog. A retarded dog. "We are getting fucked up!"

Shaun slid himself between Beko and me, smooth as anyone I had ever seen.

"What Beko is trying to say is that today is your night on the chore rota Cam. All pledges take a turn." Shaun was the frat president. And he was probably going to be a senator.

"No. I get it. Shit needs cleaning." I said.

"Right. Spirit of brotherhood. Don't wait up." Shaun said. "Beko! What have I told you about pissing on the floor?"

And, with the sloppy zip of a zipper, I was alone. I had the place to myself, piles of shit to clean up, and a fresh puddle of piss to mop.

"I am so fucking stupid." I said.

I pledged the frat because Alpha Nu Alpha Lambda was the place for business majors.Just this chapter alone had produced three Fortune 500 CEOs, a couple of Silicon valley royalty, and so many millionaires they stopped keeping track. And business is all about who you know. A poor boy from the shit end of the city who does not know anyone needs to change that. And so I did. And now I was picking up empties while the future leaders of the free world were getting shitfaced and laid. You would think that with so many rich bastards they would have a maid.

I was well into the second hour and elbow deep in the world's most disgusting toilet when the doorbell rang.

I didn't get up. I just kept scrubbing. Whoever they were here for it certainly was not me. 

The bell rang again.

And again.

And then someone starting pressing it like they'd been duct taped to the damn button and then had a seizure.

I ripped off my yellow gloves, jogged to the door and opened it.

"What the fu-" I started. I did not end that sentence. I saw where it was going, flagged it down, and gave it directions to a new and better place.

"How can I help you?" I said.

Is this because I am a good person? The kind of person who does not tear people's heads off for no reason? Of course not. I worked in fast food. It was because, on the other side of the door, stood a very pretty young asian girl in heels, a knit skirt, and a sorority sweater so tight that it had to have been drawn on her.

The girl blinked the blink of the slightly high, or the very dumb.

"I'm here for Beko." she said.

Dumb it is.

"He's out right now. I can tell him you called." I said.

She blinked again.

"I didn't call. I walked."

"Right. No. Totally get that. Do you want to leave a message?"

"Nope. I want to see Beko."

"Tell you what. Come on in. We'll call him." I said. "Let me just wash my hands."

She walked in and, with a clear familiarity, walked over to our least disgusting couch and sat on it. I ran to the sink, scrubbed up and came out. Then I called Beko from my cell. He answered on the first ring.

"Beko, it's me, Cam. I have a--" I looked at the asian space cadet quizzically. 

"June." she said.

"--June here to talk to you."

"Needledick! I was watching porn on my phone." Beko shouted. Over what must have been one hell of a party. "Now I just see your stupid Needledick name on my phone. Hang up so I can see some titties."

So I hung up.

"He's very busy right now." I said. "Is there anything I can do for you?"

"Is Joe here?"

"No. Just me."

"Louis?"

"No. He's out."

Ryan?"

"No. I am the only one here. I am the only Alpha in the house. There is just me. I see you thinking of another name. But he is not here either. I assure you, I am the Alpha and the Omega of people in this house."

She looked confused.

"No. I am the Omega. Omega Chi Upsilon Mu." She said.

Now I was confused.Omega was almost a honor society. It was not your run of the mill sorority. 

"Pardon?"

"I'm an Omega." She smiled. "And I am high as fuck."

Ahh. So not dumb. Just really high.

"Right. Well is there anyone else you need me to call? I don't want to blow you off, but I still have a lot of cleaning to do." I said.

"I want to blow you off."

"Is that a pot joke?"

"No." She stopped, wrinkled up in a frown, then continued. "At least I don't think so. I need to blow an Alpha."

"And why is that?""

"Scavenger hunt. You guys are worth forty points for a facial."

"I'm sorry?" 

Let's step back for a moment. Time to create a Venn diagram. One circle will be "Woman who have sucked my dick." Small circle. Not empty. Filled with women to whom I am forever grateful. Let's have the other circle be "Women who are so fucking hot that I silently apologize after jerking off to their memory." Now, and I want to be totally clear on this, these circles do not intersect. Not even a little. They don't even get written out on the same piece of paper.

Imagine too, a circle labelled "Women who let me cum on their face." This circle was empty.

Back to the moment.

"Tonight is the Omega Scavenger hunt. And I wanna win it." she said. Her smile was tempting me to make a bad decision.

"So what do I do?"

"Take off your pants. But leave on the Alpha sweatshirt."

I reached for my belt, and then years of self preservation kicked in.

"Wait, Beko's not your boyfriend is he? Because he would have an easy time killing me and I would have a hard time stopping him."

"Nope. He just has a nice dick."

Which is exactly not what I want to think about when I next see Beko. 

I dropped my pants. Then I closed my eyes and waited for the someone to tell me that this was a terrible terrible prank.

What I felt instead was warm breath across my the head of my dick. I cautiously opened one eye, then the other. She'd taken one of the couch cushions and put it on the floor in front of me. She was kneeling on it, her face just inches away from me. I was not hard. But that was not going to last.

She traced her fingers up my thigh, sliding them slowly up, I bit my lip as I watched her. Her hand slid under my balls, then she ran a finger from my ass all the way to where they hung. All the while her hot breath surrounded me. 

I'd never watched myself get hard before, but it was happening so fast it barely registered. One minute her hand lightly cupped my balls and the next I am so damn hard that it almost slaps me in the stomach.

"You like this?" She asked, as she ran her soft cheek along the head.

"I'm neither dead nor gay, so yes."

"Good." She said. The she wrapped her hand around the base of my shaft, holding it up. She leaned in and alternated between soft kisses and quick licks as she worked her way up. I balled my fists so hard that my nails dug into my palms. She teased and licked her way up, until her mouth was just at the head. Then she looked up at me, winked, and took me in her mouth.

I'd had my dick sucked before. I thought it was awesome. It turns out that everyone who came before was just shit.

She ran her tongue under my shaft, her mouth wet and ready. She swirled it against the hole at the tip, then leaned in, taking inch after inch. She did not slow. She did not stop. She took me in until her nose was flush against me, her chin touching my balls. She winked again. 

And then slowly, slowly, ever so slowly, she let me out. Her tongue made every inch of my man flesh electric. I reached down to her head, but she just brushed me off, then waved her finger in the classic naughty naughty gesture. Chastened, I put my hands behind my head and groaned.

She firmly wrapped one hand around my root, and with the other cupped my balls, pressing a finger against my taint. She leaned forward again, taking me until her lips reached her hand.

She began to rock her head back and forth, slowly at first. Her hand stayed with her lips, making every rock a long slow stroke of my dick, with the wet miracle of her mouth keeping me on edge. I took a deep breath as she started speeding up. Every downstroke felt my cock getting wetter, every upstroke felt my balls getting tighter. Her free hand was rubbing my taint, teasing my balls, and driving me crazy. 

I felt my hips go loose as I adopted her rhythm. Pulling away when she pulled away. Pushing in as she pushed in. I felt myself in the back of her throat, then running the length of her tongue. She kept a wet suction that gave me no respite. I felt myself pushing the pace now. Seeing her, so gorgeous, so sex,y so fucking good at sucking a cock was too much. I pushed so hard she gagged. I pulled out so far the cool air hit me. 

But she did not stop. Her grip on my shaft tighten. She slammed me into her mouth as if daring me to try to stop. I was off balance, standing on my toes, my dick falling into her amazing mouth, my eyes seeing stars.

"Fucking Christ! I'm going to blow!" I said.

She sped up, moving so fast she got blurry. I felt my load begin, rumbling from the depths of me up my shaft. She felt it too, and right when it was about to escape she learned back, her hands continuing to work the shaft. I exploded on to her. On her cheek, her perfect nose, her hair. And she put her face right against me. Pulling me still, milking every last drop onto her skin. I was in love.

So it is a clear understatement when I say I was surprised when the flash went off.

"Did you just take a selfie?" I said.

"Yep. Gotta get the points." She said.

"I forgot about that." And I had. This was clearly a one time thing. But at least I closed the Venn diagram.

"So June, could you send me that?"

"Nope."

"Right." I reached for the paper towel roll that remained from my cleaning and offered it to her.

"Towel?" I said.

She smiled the gorgeous smile, buried under layers of my spunk.

"Nope. I'll wear it out. Extra five points."

And, just like that, she was gone. It was the best thirty minutes of my life so far. 

Of course, by the end of the night it would be the third best thirty minutes of my life.