 One lap to go and she would be done with what had become a rigorous weekly exercise routine. She couldn't complain. It was the only form of formal exercise she could obtain in her wildly hectic life. Swimming at the local club was her chance to get away from it all. 

Today was quiet. There was a skeleton staff on board and hardly any members. Right before the holidays it always seemed people were too consumed with shopping and running errands than relaxing by the pool.

Taking advantage of the lack of attendance, she emerged from the pool, wrapped herself in her towel and headed to the women's locker room. She peered inside the sauna room and decided that she would further relax her body and mind by taking a steam bath.

She entered cautiously and poured a bit of water on the coals. Then, loosening her towel, she settled in on the bench, laying face down knowing that no one was going to be coming in any time soon.

Suddenly she was aware of movement. She opened her eyes, realizing that she must have dozed. Unable to focus, she felt hands on her back, massaging her shoulders. The touch felt familiar, friendly. She was not afraid, just slightly startled.

Glancing over her shoulder, she saw the face of her lover. As she was about to say something, a finger was placed on her lips. Seeing that there was nothing she could do, she rested her head back on her arms and enjoyed the massage.

Her lover's hands were all over her back, occasionally reaching around the sides and to the front, gently caressing her breasts through her swimsuit. Down her back; over her buttocks; in between her thighs. The hands were everywhere and she realized that she was becoming highly aroused.

With gentle coaxing, she turned over and was pulled to a standing position. She was face to face with her lover and in an embrace and passionate kiss. She knew he had something other than a massage on his mind and it was becoming clear that she would not be able to tell him no.

He slid her bathing suit off one shoulder at a time, pulling it down, past her breasts, her stomach until it was on the floor. Standing there naked, she felt her body pulsating in the steam. 

He knelt in front of her and lifted one leg onto the bench. Finding her clit, he began to flick his tongue up and down, lingering now and then to tease. He inserted a finger into her vagina and began to stroke her, slowly, while flicking his tongue. As he increased his licking, he increased his stroking until she was moaning wildly and unable to keep her legs from buckling.

She grasped at his hair and pulled him away from her dripping pussy. One look into her eyes and he knew what she wanted. He turned her around, bent her over, and slammed his hard cock into her. 

They fit so well together and when he pushed in, she pushed back, forming a tight seal and a hard slapping noise. 

Reaching around, he pulled on her nipples, ran his hand down her stomach and fingered her clit. He was so turned on by her body. His urge to be with her was almost uncontrollable.

He needed to explode. Slapping her ass cheeks, he felt himself become more engorged. It was beautiful. The shape of her ass like a giant heart, with bright read hand prints on each cheek from the slapping they just endured.

Her back was perfectly shaped and her hair: He loved her hair. He grabbed a handful and pulled, tightly, forcing her to arch her back and throw her head back. He was in control and he loved it. She was his and he was giving her the fucking she deserved.

Feeling his impending explosion, she pushed back even harder. He was slapping her ass and she was getting wetter. The more he pulled her hair, the hotter she became. It was a part of their sexual lives. He could tie her up, and she would be more turned on than ever. Trust was the core of their relationship.

Suddenly he began to pump harder and faster into her. His moaning was non-stop and she knew he was going to explode.

The orgasm hit them both at the same time. He rocked his body against hers, shuddering in the after effect of the explosion. Her orgasm, less intense physically, had her trembling from the inside out.

Eventually he pulled out of her. He helped her back into her swimsuit and towel. Peering out of the sauna, he glanced back and slipped into the locker room.

Twenty minutes later they were sitting in the car on the way back to the house. She was still flushed from their encounter. He was ready to go again. It was going to be a long and interesting evening.