 I would like to extend my thanks to EroticaSeanStyle for his editing assistance.  This story may continue depending on the response. 

*****

The school day was over and most of the kids had gone home already. I looked at the ones left in the yard, but I didn't see my girl. 

I was relieved and disappointed at the same time.  As I was turning away from the window, my doorbell rang.  I wasn't expecting anyone so I looked through the peephole before opening the door.  I was surprised and yet not surprised to see her standing there.

I opened the door and she said, “Hi, can I come in?  My name is June.”

I knew I shouldn't, but I stepped back to let her enter.  I watched her walk into my home wearing her cute little jumper and little girl socks with her school shoes and I almost creamed my pants right then.  I didn't know why she was here, but I did know that it would mean nothing but trouble for me.

She looked around my apartment, dropping her book bag on the floor by the couch.  She walked over to my window and looked down to the schoolyard.  

“You have a nice view from up here,” she told me.  Turning back to me, she smiled and I realized she was older then I had thought.

'How old are you?' I asked, hoping I was right.

”I just turned 18 last week.  I'm a senior.  The two girls you saw me with are 18 too.” She smiled at me with a knowing look.  “I knew you would ask that.”

”Why are you here?” I asked.  

She was making herself at home.  She had already taken off her shoes and socks and was leaning over digging through her book bag now.  She pulled out some clothes and stood up.  Without any hesitation at all she started unbuttoning her blouse.  

“Wouldn't you rather use the bedroom?”

”I'll use the bedroom,” she continued to unbutton her blouse and let it slide off her arms, “later.”  

She had on a very pretty lacy bra that definitely showed off her assets.  She seemed totally oblivious to the discomfort she was causing me, oblivious or just didn't care.  

My cock was growing as she changed, pulling on the short shorts and tank top that was favored by so many young girls.  It was the kind of top that stops a good three inches from the bellybutton, and the shorts that end barely a half inch below her crotch.  

I wanted to look away, but couldn't and I knew this was over the line.  I should send her home, but I really wanted to see what she would do.  Just how far would she go?

I got the answer to that question very quickly.  She looked down at my hardening cock and asked if she could help.  Before I could even comprehend the question, she was kneeling in front of me unzipping my pants.  

I wanted to stop her, at least I knew I should, but I just watched in fascination as she pulled my pants down to expose my rod. There was precum oozing out the slit and she flicked her tongue out to lick it off.  

I looked down to see her smiling up at me with her tongue exposed and ready to lick me again.  Just looking at her had me groaning and more precum flowing.  She licked it again and then took me in her mouth.  

She looked so innocent and yet so naughty with her eyes closed in ecstasy and she licked and sucked on my cock.  I moaned again and my hips bucked when she grabbed my balls and begin to rub them.  

I couldn't move, couldn't even reach out to touch her.  I just enjoyed the feeling of that tongue moving around my cock. I knew it wouldn't be long until I shot in her mouth, but I didn't want it to end.  

She started stroking me faster with her lips, using her hand to massage my balls and then she took my cock straight down her throat.  I felt her throat closing around the head of my prick and knew I was going to cum.  

I felt my balls tighten, churning, forcing my cum down the length of my cock and then shooting straight in her throat.  She pulled back and let it flow on her tongue, still stroking with her small hands as I came. 

She kept licking and sucking until there was nothing left and I began to soften in her mouth.  I needed to sit and when she let my cock pop out of her mouth, I sat back. 

Luckily for me there was a chair behind me and I ended up in it and not on the floor.

"That was good," She said, licking her lips.  "So how long have you been watching out your window?"  

She moved back to stand at the window looking out at the playground next door.  "You have a really good view from here.  I never knew that anyone was watching until that first day I saw you.  I thought it was hot that you were watching.  The girls with me wouldn't have though. I'm really into older guys and they aren't."

She was talking a mile a minute and my brain wasn't moving that fast.  I knew she had asked me a question, but I was still trying to catch up to my body, which was betraying me once again watching as she walked around my apartment picking up things and checking them out.  

She was still chattering on about school and the girls there when I finally got my brain back in gear.  

She turned to me and I knew she expected an answer to something but I wasn't sure what.  Then it hit me, how long had I been watching out the window.  

"That day was the first day I had looked.  I was writing and needed a break."

"You are a writer?  What books?  Maybe I've read one of them.  I read all the time."  She walked over to my computer and moved the mouse before I could react.

"Don't do that!”

But it was too late.  She had already started reading.  What was on my computer is not how I make my living, but it was something I had written and not something I wanted her to read.  

I tried to get up to stop her, but didn't get far with my pants still down around my ankles. I quickly pulled them up, stuffing my half-hard member back in my pants, and moved swiftly to the computer.

She stood reading the computer screen a small smile appearing as she finished each line.  

"So you thought about me," she smiled at me, "I'm flattered."

I reached her and turned off the monitor quickly.  

"You shouldn't have read that and it wasn't about you, just a fantasy."  I told her, embarrassed by what she had read that I had written.  It had been about her and what I would like to happen, what had happened.  How she would come to my door.  But I didn't want to admit that to her.

Suddenly she looked at her watch and announced her need to leave.  

"I have to get home.  I have homework to do.  See you later."  

And with a wave and a smile she gathered her things and left.

I stood there staring at the door sure that it must have all been a dream.  I could probably have convinced myself of that had it not been for the raging hard on I had even now, as I thought about her mouth on my cock.  

Well, she had said she would see me later. I’m just wondering if she really meant it.