 “Is this tie OK with this jacket?” I asked pushing open the door to Bobbi’s bedroom. She caught my eye immediately.

Bobbi was sitting on the corner of her bed, wearing nothing but a pink half-slip and camisole as she placed a black patent leather pump on her foot. I felt my cock twitch slightly as she flashed me a wicked smile.

“Come her a second.” She cooed her smile widening. Bobbi reached out and brushed the front of my pants with the back of her hand. It was obvious to her the effect she was having on me. My cock stiffened fully. She turned her hand over and began lightly grabbing my engorged member through my pants. Now her smile was open mouthed, her tongue licking her top lip as she slowly undid the fly on my dress pants.

“Baby,” I moaned, “we don’t have time.”

My head fell backward, unable to support its own weight as I felt Bobbi’s tongue swirled around the fat head of my tool. I glanced down, catching her sparkling eyes as she began to lick her way down the bottom of my shaft.

“Take me in you mouth!” The vision of my beautiful girlfriend in her sexy lingerie licking my cock was driving me crazy. I watched as freshly lipsticked lips kissed my head.

“We don’t have time!” Bobbi flashed an evil grin. “Besides, I don’t want to mess up my lipstick!”

My head was spinning. I was going crazy with desire, seeing that sexy mouth near my cock. All I could think of was how I wanted to pump my thick tool into her mouth until I shot my sticky load. I grabbed for the back of her head.

“No, no, no, stud.” She pulled away, “Maybe after church.”

“I want your mouth so bad.” I begged.

“You’ll just have to wait.” She put my cock back into my pants and returned my zipper to its proper position. “I promise, I’ll take care good care of you when we get home from church. Now I have to finish getting dressed.”

I knew what she meant ‘take good care of you’ she meant the whole deal. She’d finish me with her mouth; maybe she’d even let me come in her beautiful mouth. That was rare enough to be a real treat when it happened.

Bobbi was a great girl. We had met in college and were still together after four years. Her body still excited me, tall, slim and sexy with a gorgeous ass that she loved to have spanked. Most men would have referred to her as ‘flat-chested’ but I had grown to love Bobbi’s small firm breasts, especially the fact that she rarely needed to wear a bra. Deep, dark brown eyes were framed by wavy brown hair and high cheekbones; I had noticed many a man check her out when we were out on the town.

She shooed me out of her room, and I went downstairs. I had a cup of coffee with Bobbi’s folks while we waited for her to get dressed. I was glad to be sitting, as I was able to hide my still semi-erect penis.

It was getting close to the time we had to leave for church. Bobbi’s little sister Jo was the first down the stairs. I’d be lying if I said I hadn’t noticed her before. Jo was every bit as good looking as her sister, with the same brown eyes and hair, hers cropped short. I had known her since she was in Junior High and had been noticing her quickly becoming a woman over the last four years. She had definitely arrived at her destination, about a head shorter than Bobbi, but with the same beautiful ass and breasts that, though average in size, looked proportionally large on her smaller frame. Jo was wearing a simple short black skirt and white blouse, but she was definitely having an effect on me. I was quite pleased that she had turned 18 a few months ago, it kept me from feeling like a pervert.

Bobbi followed her sister a few minutes later, wearing a blue dress that seemed to accentuate her fine bottom. Though her dress was much more conservative than her little sister’s, I still felt that all too familiar tightening in the crotch of my pants, thinking back to our little rendezvous a few minutes earlier and the promises made.

We all piled into the family car and headed off to church, me in the back seat, the envy of many a man in this small town, sandwiched between the Schneider sisters. Bobbi, still a little worked up from our morning fun, surreptitiously started stroking my cock. Once again stiff, I wasn’t sure how much of this I could take before we got back home. Bobbi didn’t let up, slowly stroking my obvious hard on though my pants. I noticed Jo peek and saw her smile a little. I let my head fall back and enjoyed the ride.

In the rush to enter the church on time Jo ended up between Bobbi and I in the pew. Bobbi whispered to me that people were going to think that Jo and I were dating. Jo heard and giggled nervously the way only an eighteen-year-old could. As a little joke, I took Jo’s arm as we exited the church. We were probably the talk of all of the little old ladies in town.

On our way out to the car, a middle-aged woman stopped Bobbi and asked to speak with her for a moment. I stood with Jo as Bobbi spoke with this woman for a few minutes. Bobbi then walked back to me with a little disappointment on her face.

“I’ve got to stay here for a little while,” she said, “a meeting for Sunday school teachers. I shouldn’t be more than an hour.”

An Hour! I couldn’t believe it. I was fully expecting to be taken care of in the next 15 minutes. Well that wasn’t going to happen now. I kissed her on the cheek and resigned myself to my fate. After all, she was well worth waiting an hour or even more for.

The ride home wasn’t nearly as much fun as the ride to church. Once again I sat in the back seat, but no one was stroking my cock. No one was giving me knowing smiles. At least I could watch football when we got home.

I sat down in the living room and turned on the game. Bobbi’s folks both had chores to attend to out of the house. Jo popped into the living room and offered me a beer. I told her I’d love one and admired that Schneider girl ass as she left the room.

“Your beverage, sir.” Jo was wearing a silly grin.

“Thanks.” I replied. I had the feeling something was going on, but I wasn’t in on it.

“I had fun with you in church.” She looked at me shyly. “You know, I wouldn’t mind if people thought you were my boyfriend.”

This was getting interesting. At twenty-three years old, it had been a long time since I’d flirted with an eighteen-year-old girl. I hoped I still knew how.

“Oh,” I replied, “why’s that?”

Jo’s faced turned a slightly redder shade. “You know….”

“I know what?”

I felt a hand brush my thigh. I started to stiffen for, it seemed, the twentieth time that morning. I was so worked up and in need of release that I wasn’t thinking straight. I caressed her cheek and looked into her eyes. It was reminiscent of a night four years ago in a dorm room. The family resemblance only heightened the similarities.

I moved closer and kissed her. She eagerly responded, darting her tongue confidently into my mouth. My hand dropped first to her shoulder, then to an ample breast, feeling the all too familiar firmness of young tit flesh.

Jo’s stroking of my thigh became firmer and before long the flat palm of her hand was exploring the length of my tool as our kissing intensified. It was obvious that Jo wanted me as much as I wanted her.

Before I knew what was happening, my cock was unleashed from my pants and Jo’s small hand was pumping me as we kissed. I was going crazy. I plunged my hand inside he blouse and under her bra. Her young tit was much firmer than I expected and feeling her brought me to new heights of excitement. I wanted what I had been denied earlier that morning.

Jo was way ahead of me. She broke our kiss and dropped her head to my lap. She just licked at first; much the same way Bobbi had, teasing me, trying to drive me out of my mind.

She didn’t make me wait long, opening her mouth wide and taking me deep into her mouth. I started pumping aggressively into her mouth as I watched her head bob up and down in my lap.

I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her from my quivering member. I prefer a little visual stimulation with my blowjobs. “Get on your knees and show me how you suck cock! I want to watch!”

Jo pulled back, unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked her bra. For the first time, I saw Jo’s beautiful tits. She grabbed my lipstick-smeared cock with her hand and rubbed it all over her jiggling boobs. That sight alone nearly drove me over the edge.

“You like to watch?” Jo moved my cock from her tits to her face, rubbing it all over her chin and cheeks. “You wanna see how much of that big fucker I can take in my mouth?”

I was incapable of speech. This was exactly how I liked it. Jo opened her mouth wide and took most of my cock deep into her, locked her lips around my shaft and slowly pulled back. I watched her cheeks cave in as she swirled her tongue around me. It felt amazing, it looked amazing, and when I heard the first loud slurp, I realized that my senses were being totally satisfied by this high school slut.

I knew I wouldn’t last much longer. Since Bobbi had always been reluctant to swallow my semen, I was determined to leave my load in her sister’s mouth. I began pumping my hips wildly. This was it, and Jo showed no signs of pulling away. I let loose a torrent of jism and Jo eagerly gulped it all down. 

I sat there for a moment. My rapidly softening cock still in Jo’s pretty young mouth. After about a minute, Jo pulled her mouth off of my cock, kissed me on the cheek and ran upstairs giggling.

It seemed I was unable to move. I sat on the couch for a few minutes, looking at my lipstick-covered cock. A small drop of come hung on the head. For the first time since I got home, I thought of Bobbi.

The first thing I decided to do was to get my cock cleaned off. Lipstick and semen would certainly give me away. I figured I could clean up and have about half an hour to recover before Bobbi came home. I went to the bathroom and took soap and wash cloth to me tool. Satisfied with the way I looked, I turned off the faucet and left the bathroom to head back to the living room.

I ran into Bobbi as soon as I opened the bathroom door. “I hope you cleaned up good, stud.”

I looked back at her, mouth open. I was busted. She knew, knew what I’d done with her sister. I couldn’t see any way to escape her wrath.

“If I’m gonna suck that big tool of yours,” she said, “I wanna make sure you’ve cleaned it up real good after using the bathroom.”

I hoped my relief didn’t show too much. I grabbed her around the waist and pulled her close and kissed her deeply. Her hand dropped to my groin, fondling my spent cock. It didn’t respond immediately, as usual.

“What’s this?” She smiled. “I expected you to be already hard for me.”

I tried to get myself worked up again. “I’m gonna make you work for it, bitch!”

“Ooh!” Bobbi squealed. “I love a challenge. You can’t control yourself for ever!”

“Watch me.”

If I’d have asked, I could have gotten Bobbi onto her knees right there in the hallway. She wanted me in her mouth and here I was with a spent peter.

“Let’s go upstairs!” Bobbi grabbed my hand and started to drag me toward the stairway. “I’ll take good care of you… just like I promised!”

I followed Bobbi up the stairs and noticed Jo sitting on her bed as we passed the open door to her bedroom. Jo gave me a knowing smile as we rushed past.

Once in Bobbi’s room, we wasted little time. She sat on the corner of her bed and started fumbling with my belt and fly. I was finally starting to get hard again. Bobbi held my half-erect penis in her hand and started licking it, still not taking it in her mouth as my pants dropped around my ankles.

“Make me hard with your tongue!” Bobbi swirled her tongue around my head and down the shaft. “Show me how good you are with your mouth!”

Her technique was spectacular, making me hard in no time and I began to wonder if cocksucking was hereditary, or if Bobbi had passed on tips to her little sister. I liked the thought of an older sister passing on tips, especially since the only cock Bobbi had sucked in the last 4 years was mine. Anything she taught Jo was stuff that would work really well on me.

Completely hard, I began trying to push my cock into Bobbi’s open mouth. She leaned out of the way and licked my shaft as it passed her mouth. I grabbed her by the hair and forced myself into her mouth. Lips immediately clamped around my hardness and she began sucking me. Her cheeks caved in as she looked up at me, keeping constant eye contact as she devoured me. This was the good stuff. Not the blowjob she gave as foreplay, this was the blowjob she gave when she wanted to get me off. She wouldn’t be happy until I blew my load.

And there was the problem. My cock had responded to her mouth and tongue, that was just biology. After leaving a big load of come in Jo’s mouth, I wasn’t sure if I could do the same for Bobbi. I was going to have to get myself really worked up to get off again so soon.

“Loose the dress!” I demanded. Taking control and treating her like a slut would help me get excited enough to get off again.

Bobbi rose to her feat and unzipped her dress, letting it fall to the floor. She looked perfect in her camisole and half-slip.

“You want what you were getting this morning.” She sat back down on the bed and began lowering her mouth to my rod once more.

“Not so fast, slut!” I nearly spat. “Get on your knees!”

Obediently, Bobbi fell to her knees in front of me. This was how I liked it. Bobbi was a very independent young woman. She very seldom took any submissive role. When she did, though, it drove me wild.

“Yes sir.” Her lips once again clamped around me. My hand went, once more, to the back of her head and grabbed a handful of her beautiful brown locks. For ten minutes she sucked me like that. Taking most of me into her gorgeous mouth. I controlled the pace by moving her head back and forth.

I needed more to get me going. “Let’s see those tits!” She lowered the straps of her camisole, allowing it to drop around her waste, all the while continuing to suck me. I pulled my cock from her mouth and pulled her head back, making her back arch slightly. Moaning slightly, I rubbed my slobber-covered member over he firm little tits, flicking her stiff nipples with it.

“More please. More cock in my mouth.”

That was the kind of talk that would eventually put me over the edge. I stuffed my tool back in to her mouth. Her hand grabbed my shaft and began pumping. She was working hard to get me off now.  Her other hand caressed my balls as she held just my head in her mouth, tongue circling constantly.

“Beg for it, bitch!” I was loud. Loud enough that Jo probably heard me. “Beg for my come!”

“Please come for me.” Both hands kept up their work as she removed me from her mouth.

“Where?”

She let her mouth drop open and simply pointed.

“Tell me where!” I could feel my load building, it wouldn’t be long now.

“In my mouth.” Bobbi licked my head as she pumped me.

“Dirtier!” I demanded.

“Blow it in my mouth.” She was nearly whispering, this would not do.

“Louder!” My head was swimming.

“Do it in my mouth!”

“Louder, you dirty whore!”

“COME IN MY MOUTH!”

“I want your fucking sister to hear!”

“DAMNIT JOLENE! HE’S GONNA TO BLOW IN MY FUCKIN’ MOUTH!” 

I grabbed her by the hair again and jabbed my bloated, quivering cock into her eager mouth just as I exploded. I could feel Bobbi swallow as three hot jets of spunk shot into her mouth. She eagerly took it all as I nearly collapsed, held upright only by her arms locked around my ass.

I kissed Bobbi on the forehead and went to the room that I was staying in to change clothes. Jo’s bedroom door was closed as I passed and I wondered if she had heard Bobbi and I. She later told me that she’d had three fingers stuffed in her young cunt listening to her sister and I. She smiled when she told me that she came at the same time as me.