 This story was written as a request from my Editor, for the purposes of anonymity will called her Alex. I have used her description, photo and personality as my inspiration for the lead character. The location and settings, and some of the characters are factual as is some of the scenarios myself and Alex find ourselves in, but a lot of the story is personalised just for Alex. 

I hope you enjoy and as always please feel free to vote and pass comment either on the story or via emailing me.

Many thanks.

*****

Before you begin to read this may I please make you aware that this particular story is not one of my own experiences. I do prefer to write about what I have physically and emotional experienced as I personally believe that real life stories are better than imagination as although thrilling to read at times you cannot really relate to it. 

I was asked to write a story for a lady who left me feedback. Although the setting location and some of the characters are people I know or have encountered in my life the lead character comes from a description and picture that was given to me by my new favourite editor. I hope I did her justice. 

It was raining again and I was reluctant to go out; the rain hadn't stopped in a week and although I was enjoying my new hobby, I kicked myself for choosing something that kept me in the rain all day. 

What hobby could I be referring to...?

To be honest, it may not be considered the most masculine hobby by my fellow Marines, but I have taken up horse riding. No, I'm not referring to the Western style that most Americans consider horse-riding; rounding up bulls and chasing Indians. It's what you may class as 'English style:' a much more casual affair. I have been riding for about three months now; I consider it peaceful and a very useful distraction from my working life. Even though I come back to the flat stinking of horses (and frequently horse piss, due to mucking out) I enjoy the tranquillity of riding out in the forestry around my camp. It may sound nuts but it's also good to have someone to talk to that won't judge you. My last tour of Afghanistan left me a little disillusioned with my chosen career, and for a while I found myself lost. I couldn't work out if it was the futility of what we achieved over there, the guys we had lost or whether it was just time for a change. I decided I needed some escapism, learning a new skill would provide a welcome challenge during my post-tour leave.

I'd decided to do some travelling, but saw a course advertised for basic horse riding and thought I'd try it out in the meantime, just to see what it was like. The barracks had its own stables, ideally located just across the road.

Anyway, that particular Sunday morning, as I said, I was reluctant to head out due to the rain. Thankfully I did, as it began a chain of events I would never forget. I got to the stables around 0730 and went through the usual routine, going to my locker and getting into what I would call my yard gear. I liked the chilled atmosphere and had got to know most of the people at the stables, but their horsey style failed to rub off on me; I didn't like walking around in jodhpurs and tops with horsey emblems on. My kit of preference was jeans and a t shirt with an old pair of high leg combat boots. Don't get me wrong, I'm not averse to wearing the standard horsey getup, but I only really bother with that when I'm actually riding. 

Arriving at the yard, I could see that there were only two other people there that morning; Becky who was the manager and another guy called Chris. Chris was a mate who was camper than the Pink Panther in high heels at Pride. He was also a shameless perv, who regularly tried to get a look at me whilst I was getting changed, which had become something of an in-joke between a few of us. 

I was in the middle of mucking out, happily listening to my iPod and not really paying attention to anything, when it hit me.

The first I knew that someone had entered the yard was when the air was cut by what can only be described as the scent of a woman. During mucking out you tend to get a variety of smells, on hot days it tends to be a humid, musty smell, with strong layer of ammonia as the horse urine evaporates in the heat. Mix with this the dust from the hay and freshly laid straw and not much else manages to penetrate the air. In the coldest and wettest months, the air is moist, damp and pungent. Everything gets so wet and the crap sticks to your boots. It's virtually impossible to sweep everything into the yard as the rain drives the horse shit into the drains, clogging them until it becomes necessary to unblock them. Not my favourite job.

This morning was different. I was bent over sweeping the stable when the smell hit my nostrils. Without sounding too crass, it's a similar reaction to when someone has farted- completely unexpected and you are unsure where it came from. I instantly stopped sweeping. I was transfixed for a moment and closed my eyes, breathing in deeply through my nostrils. At first the only explanation I had was that Becky, or to be honest, possibly even Chris, had put on some perfume. The smell cut through the smell of the stables and hung in the air for a moment. I stuck my head out of the stable and looked around. It took a split second for my eyes to adjust to the sunlight from the darkness of the stable. Still raining. 

As I looked across the small yard, I saw someone walking in the direction of the changing room. In her right hand she held an umbrella to protect her from the rain. She was about 5'3", although her heels made her seem taller. I pulled a headphone from my ear and amongst the music I was listening to I heard the distinctive light click of a woman's heels on concrete. I couldn't quite see her face, her hair was long and dark she wore a thick woollen scarf around her neck, partially covering her features. The cropped brown leather jacket she wore contrasted with her dark jumper, accentuating her waist. My eyes dropped to take in her jeans, hugging her every movement. Over her right shoulder was a handbag that swung as she walked, which she kept trying to steady. This mystery girl stepped into the changing room, as she turned I saw her ass was petite, tight and perfectly formed. She disappeared into the doorway and from sight. My pulse was racing as I deliberated whether to pursue her. A very large, very cold drop of rain from the top of the stable doorway brought me back to my senses as it dripped down the back of my neck.

"Fuck!"

"What's up?" Chris said, as he came around the corner.

"Nothing, just bloody rain going down my back."

"I hate that."

"Roger that, it's a honking feeling. Hey, did you know some girl just went into the changing room?"

"Who?" 

"Mate I haven't got a clue, I've never seen her before. She looked essence though." I was distracted as I spoke, trying to stop the drop of freezing water going further down my spine.

Chris walked over and peeked into the changing room.

"Oh, hiya!" I heard him say. 

Chris was talking to the mystery woman from the doorway of the changing room, but I could not hear her voice. He chatted for a while, laughing occasionally before he turned and walked back to me.

"It's ok, it's just Alex," he said, as he began to walk off.

"Who's she?" I tried to keep my tone nonchalant, but feared that I was failing miserably.

My curiosity was aroused now, not only physically but mentally. I wanted to know more about her, most importantly if she was single. He stopped and explained her name was Alex, that she had been riding for years and used to have a horse at the stables. Due to a work move abroad she had to sell the horse, but she had recently returned with a new mount, Cedrick. Cedrick was a brown and white cob that I had noticed around the yard from time to time. I wanted to know more about her, but I didn't want to let on how much she had piqued my interest. Chris was possibly the least subtle person in the world, especially when it came to gossip, and he would have just made things awkward. I decided to bide my time and try to get to know her from afar, then charm the shit out of her. I would later find out that this would be harder than I ever expected...

I turned back to the stable and continued mucking out. The rain had finally stopped and the sun was just threatening to break through the clouds. It had been thirty minutes since Alex had arrived. I was in a position that I could see the entrance to the changing room, and was eagerly anticipating her coming out. Becky came over to me and started to ask about dates I could attend a few practice sessions for the upcoming Tri Service Dressage Championships. To be entirely honest I wasn't really listening to her; I just nodded and agreed with her, completely distracted as Alex appeared at the doorway. 

Becky was stood directly in front of me, so I could see straight over her shoulder. Alex was stood in what seemed to be a beam of sunlight meant only for her. She stood talking to Chris, and although I couldn't hear what they were saying, judging by her wide smile, something clearly amused her. I couldn't help staring at her; her smile was fantastic and she looked like a wet dream in her yard gear. Her knee high tan riding boots and short navy waterproof jacket complemented her jodhpurs, which showed the sensuous curve of her ass. My cock instantly began to swell as I imagined what she was wearing underneath. Becky was still chatting away to me about what we would have to revise. I was just responding without thinking, still looking Alex up and down. Suddenly, Chris and Alex looked straight at me. Chris was pointing at me and they both smiled and chuckled, I realised I was still staring and looked to Becky for my salvation, pretending I was listening intently to her instruction. I couldn't escape the fact I started to blush like a little school boy caught doing something he shouldn't. 

After a few minutes, Alex crossed the yard to Cedrick's stable and led him into one of the pens, tying him before collecting her tack. I began to boil the kettle, then went to the door and shouted to Becky and Chris, asking if they wanted a cup of tea.

"Don't I get one?"

I paused for a second and looked around, at first I couldn't see who had spoken, then Alex emerged from the opposite side of Cedrick. She smiled at me as she ran the brush down his back. 

"I said...don't I get one?"

"Yeah, course. How do you take it?" I asked, the inflection in my voice suggesting things other than tea. 

She raised an eyebrow, and I was sure I'd landed myself in trouble.

"White, no sugar." 

Becky broke the ensuing silence as she came out of the office, talking loudly into her mobile. 

I turned and went back into the restroom and made the tea, then brought it out into the yard.

"Teas up!" I shouted.

Becky and Chris came over, taking theirs into the office. I looked around to find Alex but couldn't see her. She suddenly emerged from the tack room behind me carrying a saddle and bridle. She placed them down over the fence rail next to Cedrick and took the tea from my hand.

"Thanks."

"You're welcome. I don't believe we've properly met. I'm Daz."

"I know, Chris said," she replied, her face unreadable.

"Oh, really? I hope he didn't say anything too damning?"

"Not really; he just told me who you were..." she tailed off, ambiguously. 

I hadn't realised until now, but her soft voice had a hint of a Yorkshire accent. Her smile was warm and she seemed at her ease talking to a new person. 

"Why were you asking who I was?" I enquired with a smile, as I took a sip of my tea.

"I wasn't. Chris was telling me you were checking me out when I arrived," she grinned, placing her saddle on Cedrick.

The cat was out of the bag. I began to blush and tried to hide my embarrassment, mentally searching for a witty retort and coming up with fuck all. 

"What do you expect when you make an entrance like that?" I tried.

"Like what?" She had done up the girth and was placing the bridle over Cedrick's head. 

"I meant you looked good when you came in..." I stuttered, not knowing where to go next.

"What and I don't now..?" she said as she placed her helmet on.

"I'm just digging myself a massive hole here, aren't I?" I replied, as the rain began to fall again.

She chuckled and handed me the mug, then took the Cedrick's reins and began to walk to the gate.

"Thanks for the tea, it was great. Your chat up lines need some serious work though..."

"Er who said I was trying to chat you up? I might be happily married for all you know!" I moved under the overhang to escape the rain. 

"Chris told me a little bit more about you than your name," she winked. 

She disappeared up the yard and out of the gate. I stood for a moment watching the rain and pondering what the fuck just happened. She had the upper hand and she knew it. I ran through the conversation in my head, trying to make sense of it. I normally get to know someone before I attempt to flirt with them, but she came at me with both barrels. What's more, she could counter anything I had. I wanted to know exactly what Chris had told her. 

After returning the mugs to the restroom I went to the office and spoke to Chris and Becky.

"Mate, you could have told me Alex was a feisty as that!"

"Well...I thought it would be fun to see how you got on Daz; she's more than a match for you," Chris said with a knowing smile. 

"Yeah right we'll see. What did you tell her anyway?"

"Not much. Just your name, that you were single and that you were based here. Oh, and that you couldn't take your eyes off her when she arrived. I saw you staring so don't deny it!" He said with a smirk.

"Gen? Cheers mate; way to make me seem like some weird dickhead!" 

"Nah she found it funny, she said you were cute."

"Really that's hoofin, is she single?!" I smiled, considering the possibilities of our next verbal sparring session now I had this information. 

"Don't know? I think so? I'll find out." 

"Hoofin', make sure you do!''

Becky wasn't listening to the conversation; busy writing appointments in the diary and placing instructor's names next to each client. I could see over her shoulder she had me down for my usual sessions, one on a Thursday evening and one Saturday morning. To be honest I was more interested in trying to ascertain when Alex would next be at the stables. Unfortunately it didn't seem that she needed lessons and I was reluctant to ask about her, as I knew I wouldn't hear the end of it. I decided to finish my work and get back to the flat and go for a run, if I hung around the stable to much longer I would be in danger of seeming desperate to see Alex again, which I was, but I wasn't about to let on. 

It had been a long day and I was looking forward to a quiet, chilled evening. The flat was empty; most lads go home for the weekend on Friday, returning late on a Sunday evening. I stripped off my running gear and stepped into the shower, my third that day. The water was warm and steam filled the room despite me having the window ajar. The hot spray hit my back and I tilted my head so it covered my face, allowing the water to course down my neck, chest and abs. I watched as the water ran down my aching thighs, some of it diverting on to my limp cock and trickling from the end. I took the shower gel and got started on my hair first, and then my face and neck. Another handful and I lifted each arm, rubbing it over my armpits and arms and around my chest. I worked the soapy water into my thighs and around my balls cupping them as I massaged the gel into them. I moved down my shaft and pulled my foreskin back cleaning around my head. The shower gel was a cream soap; it felt soft as I worked it along the length of my cock. Alex suddenly popped into my head and I began to squeeze my shaft, stroking my hand back and forth as I imagined her in the shower with me. 

The image of her in my mind was so vivid that my cock twitched and hardened immediately. I thought of her in her riding gear, and imagined peeling it off her piece by piece. I imagined what her nipples would be like, and how responsive they would be to my fingers, tongue and teeth. I thought about whether she shaved, how my cock would feel pressed between her tight ass cheeks as she leaned back against me whilst I worked the soapy lather into her body. I imagined trailing my fingers down her neck, over her breasts, taking time on her nipples making them harden and rolling them between my fingers. My hands would explore her body thoroughly before I gave in to her and gently touched her soft pussy.

I imagined working my finger into her, strumming her clit harder in response to her moans. All the while as I imagined this, I stroked my cock faster and faster, harder and harder, having to brace myself against the shower wall with my left hand. I began to build to a climax, imagining her leaning forward and standing on tiptoes, then opening her legs to receive my cock. The thought of entering her was too much and I couldn't hold back, with one last tug I pulled my foreskin back as my cock twitched and I released a huge shot of cum toward the drain. I dragged my hand forward and pulled my foreskin back again to release a second load. The water beat heavily on my back and rolled down my legs as I stood motionless for a moment. The endorphins moved up me like a wave. I let my cock go and it hung in the air as if expecting me to continue. I cleaned the remains of my cum from the end of my cock and finished washing myself. Turing off the shower, I wrapped myself in a towel and went to my room. Relaxed after my climax, I fell backwards on to the bed. I lay there, the image of Alex still in my mind and I knew I wanted her more than a fat kid wants a cookie. 

It had been three long weeks since I had seen Alex, and she was a constant presence in my mind. I knew she'd been to the stables, but somehow we were never there at the same time. The most frustrating days were when I had just missed her by an hour or so. Today was a Friday, we had been given a long weekend at work, meaning that we could go home on a Thursday evening if we so wished. Unfortunately I am a camp orphan, meaning I never really go home. The only people left in my family are my mother and granddad and I caught up with them most leave dates and holidays. On weekends I was content to do my own thing and live on camp. I decided to go to the stables early, as I knew Alex often rode early on a Friday morning before she went to work. If I didn't see her today then the only other time would be at the Tri-Service championships the following weekend, as I had found out that she had offered to compete. 

It was about 0630 and the light was just breaking on the horizon. I knew by the time the sun rose I would be able to tack up and be on my ride if I hadn't bumped into Alex. In case I saw her, I had a whole scenario planned in my head; I would casually approach her, have some witty banter as we did before and then offer her to join me on a ride. Where I would find out all about her and hopefully show her how charming I was. I felt like a school kid as I left the gate and crossed the road to the other side of camp, an excited smile on my face. 

I reached the stables and looked expectantly towards the car park for her car, but couldn't see it. I felt a bit deflated, as I'd expected her to already be there. No matter, I thought to myself, I may have just beaten her here. I decided to take up Dale and enjoy my ride nonetheless. I went into the yard and over to the changing room. The door was ajar, which was unusual as I knew the staff normally locked up. I entered cautiously and looked around, half expecting Chris to jump out at me, given his penchant for winding me up. I noticed movement through the gap in the door where the girls got changed. Alex. My heart lurched and I went to say something, but found myself struck dumb. She had not noticed I had entered and was about to change. I looked around, checking that nobody else was there, then lent carefully against the door frame peering through the gap. My cock was instantly hard and I had to adjust myself as I was wearing tight jeans. 
