 Prologue

Henry was a Junior in college who was known around campus for having founded a start-up right after high-school that he had sold off for a huge profit during his Sophomore year. Not only was Henry loaded after selling his business but he was also a well-respected and popular guy among the students. His fellow classmates often came to Henry for advice regarding academics as well as for personal matters. While he was of soft-spoken nature, he meant what he said and people listened. 

Towards the end of the semester Henry came up with a plan to spend some of his new-found money, give back to his peers and potentially fulfilling a personal desire. While he was very popular amongst girls, they usually did not present what he was looking for. He was just not a fan of the entire shaving-cult that has put its grasp on most of today's female population. From his perspective girls are sexiest in their natural state; there is no need for them to put on loads of makeup or shave anywhere. He had always dreamt of being with a girl with a natural bush and the pure thought excited him. His plan was to motivate girls to grow out their hair, bring back the bush and change the landscape around campus. Henry wanted to create a competition where girls would get rewarded for following his ideals of the perfect woman and he had the financial means to get it rolling. 

The following week Henry was asked to hold a presentation about his professional success and asked to give advice to his peers. He happily accepted and about 200 students showed up to hear him speak. After finishing his presentation he asked everybody to stay seated as he had an announcement to make. 

"I would love to give back and share my success with all of you. I was successful because I went my own way and did not follow the beaten path and I want you to do the same. I have created a full-scholarship fund for one female student on this campus. Girls have been following a screwed sense of beauty dictated by industries for too long. We live in a world where girls are asked to be fake and hide their natural looks. I would like this to stop. It is sexy and beautiful for a woman to be natural; there is no need for make-up, fake boobs or a completely shaved body. Body hair is indeed very attractive on a girl because it portrays self-confidence, it shows that you are able to think for yourself and let me tell you...it drives us guys nuts. Thus I will ask all girls to stop shaving next semester to send a message about natural beauty. At the end of the semester I will hand out the scholarship to the girl with the most perfect bush and pay 500$ to every girl who is brave enough to have participated and shunned the razor for the entire semester."

The entire room was silent. Nobody had expected this odd turn-around. Henry became nervous as he thought that he might have overstepped his boundaries. A moment later one person in the back stood up and started clapping. Everybody else quickly followed and the place cheered him aloud. Word quickly spread around campus and soon everybody knew about Henry's speech and reward. 

Chapter 1

After returning from his summer vacation Henry was very curious if his plan had worked and girls had started growing out their hair over the break. When he arrived to his classroom all the girls were already seated. To his confusion they all wore long-sleeved jackets despite summer temperatures. As he was about to be seated one of the girls rose and said "we all heard about your speech and your generous offer. We think it is absolutely great how you spoke up against female suppression through screwed beauty standards. Your call to bring the bush back and financial incentive has not fallen on deaf ears." At once all the girls in the classroom started removing their long-sleeves and raised their arms. Henry´s jaw almost dropped in surprise and astonishment. The girls had dumped their razor over the summer and now all spotted hairy armpits. He could see so many different kinds of hair under his classmate's arms. Some already had really thick and dark bushes while others had very light sporadic hairs but they had all followed his call. He had never before seen a girl his age with armpit hair and yet here he was staring at about 20 girls who presented their hairy pits to him. This turned out better than he could have ever had imagined.

As he was walking around campus several more girls came up to him and thanked him for his speech and financial incentive to grow out their hair. Many of these girls continued by showing him the progress they had made in growing out their armpit hair over the summer. Henry felt like he was in heaven as he got to look at all these sexy girls, only half daring to imagine how great they would look at the end of the semester without panties. This was going to be a great senior year.

As the year went by, the scenery around campus had changed completely. One could spot hairy girls everywhere. Hairy armpits, hairy legs or a treasure trail had become a regular sight amongst the female students at this University. When the girls went swimming in their bikinis you could even spot hair coming out of the sides of the undies if you had a watchful eye. Of course the national media quickly turned its attention to the phenomenon as well and the school quickly got the nickname "Hairyfornia University". Every time a girl was interviewed they mentioned how sexy they felt with their new look and how happy they were with the decision to have binned the razor. 

Towards the end of the year, the time had come for Henry to cash in. Every girl that wanted the 500$ and a chance at getting the scholarship was asked to meet him at his place to show off their goods. Over a span of about 2 months multiple girls showed up every day in order to undress in front of him, allow him to get a good look and collect their check. Of course it did not always end with a good look; Henry really did get his money's worth more often than not. 

Chapter 2

Cathy was the first girl to show up at his place. She was a 20 year old sophomore and part of the Volleyball team. She had brown eyes, dark hair and a very fit figure and was generally very good looking. She had been one of the most vocal supporters of Henry's idea around campus at the start of the semester and really helped his cause. Henry took her by the hand as she entered his house and led her to his room. 

"I was really inspired by your speech and agreed with your message that girls are naturally beautiful and do not have to hide anything. I actually decided to grow my hair out because of me, not because of the reward you promised or the chance of potentially getting a scholarship."

"That is great to hear. I have been really surprised by the positive feedback I have been getting all year. So many of you girls decided to bring back the bush and it really was a sight to see! I actually even went to a couple of your volleyball games this year. You guys were so sexy out there! I could barely keep my prick in my pants during the game seeing you and your fellow players spotting those hairy armpits and hairy legs. I am pretty sure some girls even had their pubes sticking out of their panties!"

"Haha, yeah we definitely got some extra attention this year because of our looks. All our games were sold out. Talk about hairy women being sexy! I think it even distracted our opponents quite a bit as well. Our new hairy looks did somewhat make us horny though. I caught some of our girls in the shower washing each other's bushes, fingering away at the pussies and making out."

"Were you buy chance one of those girls?"

"Hey...what happens in the girls' shower room stays in the girls' shower room. Should I undress for you now so you can have a look at my bush?"

She took off her shirt and kept her arms up for Henry to marvel at her hairy armpits. It was coarse dark hair and about an inch long. Cathy then proceeded by slowly taking off her pants, turning around bending over and showing off her nice ass in the process. She was now standing there just in her panties. Her breasts were nice and firm and Henry could see the hair coming out of her armpits. Her underwear could hardly contain the bush as a bulge was clearly visible and hairs peeked out on both sides as well as a bit on the top. Before Cathy could proceed to take them off, she was stopped by Henry. "Wait let me do this for you." He went over to Cathy, took her into his arms and softly kissed her on the mouth. He slid down on her, kissing her firm breasts and belly in the process. Henry could notice that the panties were clearly moist as Cathy was getting hot and horny. He proceeded by slowly taking them off and buried his face in the dense bush of her pussy. Cathy gasped out of excitement as Henry managed to find her clit with his tongue. She took his head into her hands, pushing him further towards her pussy and not letting go before climaxing after a couple of minutes. 

Now it was Henry's turn to undress as he ripped off his clothes and threw Cathy onto the bed. The two of them made out wildly until Henry was hard and ready for round 2. Cathy guided him towards her dripping wet cunt and he thrust his pecker into her. As the two were humping away Henry placed Cathy's arms above her head so he would get a look at her hairy armpits. Driblets of sweat were forming on the thick dark hair and Henry felt the strong urge to put his tongue in there and lick away. That act was so sensual that both climaxed at the same time. Henry managed to pull out just on time as he came all over Cathy's bush. 

"Wow that was amazing! I think you really did like my bush didn't you? Now how about that scholarship..." said Cathy. 

"That really was great. Not only is your bush amazing, but so are you. I will however have to give all other girls a chance to show off their goods as well before I can make a decision."