 As Jasmine pulled into the hotel car park, she glanced at the clock on the dash. "5 minutes late!" she cursed, inwardly thinking the other party would fail to turn up anyway.

Easing the car into the nearest space, she popped the car out of gear and wrenched up the handbrake. She picked up her phone from the centre console of the car, and starting flicking back through her text messages. The most recent message read.

"Be at the Hilton Hotel for 6PM sharp, if you're late I will know!"

"Yeah right," she muttered, smirking to herself.

"Go to reception and ask for the keys to room 121. Once there you will find further instructions."

The text was dated a week ago, she was quietly amazed that she'd even bothered to turn up, concerned that she'd just end up sitting in a hotel room on her own, slouching in her most comfy but boring PJs, no doubt rifling through the mini bar and paying extortionate money for a skimpy bag of peanuts and shrunken version of a bottle of wine.

She opened the car door and stepped out, having been told to travel light she only had her handbag to retrieve from the passenger seat. She headed purposefully towards reception, her mind starting to wander the closer she got. "What have I gotten myself into," she mused, pursing her lips.

She pushed open the door to reception, a rush of heat hitting her face as she stepped in from the cold outside.

"Hi," she mumbled awkwardly when she reached the reception desk "Can I have the keys to room 121 please." her cheeks flushed and she looked down at the floor, her heart rate starting to quicken.

"This is madness," she thought, her mind racing "Who the hell does this kind of thing!"

The sound of keys being placed on the hard marble surface of the reception counter broke her from her thoughts.

"Your key madam," said the receptionist "Enjoy your stay."

"Did he just grin at me?" she pondered, as she slid the keys slowly off the counter.

"Surely he doesn't know why I'm here?" her face flushed again, deep in her belly the gentle flutter of butterflies started. She muttered her thanks and headed towards the lift.

The lift pinged and the doors slid open as Jasmine reached her floor, she stepped out nervously glancing down the two corridors that led left and right. She arrived at the door to room 121, her heart now in her mouth, her pulse racing. She felt strangely warm and clammy.

Her warm clammy hand slid the key slowly into the keyhole, half hoping as she turned it the key would not work and she'd be forced to leave. Flee this place and give up this charade.

The key turned and the door eased open.

"Damn," she groaned "Well, no turning back now." She mused as she stepped into the room.

She flicked the light switch, glancing round the room as the lights flickered into life. There was a large double bed neatly made up, at the end of the bed she noticed it was padded with smooth shiny brown leather.

"Odd," she thought, frowning.

Stepping further into the room she spied a comfortable well padded armchair adjacent to the bed, on it was a sealed envelope. She picked up the envelope slowly, her mouth suddenly dry, subconsciously she glided her hand over her ample breasts, feel a slight tingle as she grazed the left nipple which was now started to harden. She resisted the temptation to press her hand over the top of her tight black jeans and tease her crotch, which by now was starting to moisten with a potent mixture of trepidation and expectation.

She slid her finger under the edge of the envelope and broke the seal, she pulled the letter out slowly and started to read.

"Hello Jasmine,

Thank you for honouring our agreement, I am confident that when this night is over, whilst you might feel a little sore in places you had not anticipated, the overall experience would have tested your limits but shown you the rewards of a long teased out orgasm."

Her stomach did somersaults at the thought, she'd previously been instructed that masturbation was forbidden, a whole week had gone by with nothing so much as a hand down her knickers. The sudden realisation of the frustration this had caused resulted in her face flushing deep crimson again, the warmth seeming to spread slowly down her body as her nipples tightened, her belly knotted and the wetness in her pussy increased. She fidgeted and shifted from foot to foot as she read on.

"In the bathroom you will find all the items of clothing you will require for this evening, please ensure you take a nice long shower and dress in the clothes I have provided. Failure to comply will result in a punishment of my choosing, you have been warned."

She swallowed hard, the dryness of her mouth did not match the growing wetness of her pussy, the gusset of her black cotton knickers soaked up her juices.

"Once you have showered and dressed, you will find a blindfold on the dresser in the bedroom. Please put on the blindfold and sit on the bed, and await further instruction."

She placed the letter down on the chair. 

"This is my last chance," she figured "I can leave now, drive the hell away from here and bar his number, easy." She grinned. "I mean, how difficult could it be?"

She stood still for what seemed like an eternity, staring at the letter and pondering over everything it involved.

As if in a daze she found herself heading towards the bathroom, before she knew it the light was on and she was staring at her startled scarlet red face in the mirror. Her eyes wide as she looked down her body. She could see her erect nipples straining at the fabric of her purple silk blouse, a shy glance down at the crotch of her jeans did not reveal the damp secrets underneath.

On a small white stool in the corner she spied what must be the clothes she would need to wear, once she'd scrubbed off the smell of her journey and indulged in a warm comforting shower. She lifted the pile and examined the items one by one.

Tight black jeans, similar to those she would usually wear, she loved the way they hugged her tight backside and pressed into her crotch.

A plain white t-shirt, nothing special.

A pair of cerise pink cotton knickers, she recognised the design as she'd bought a similar pair previously. Two buttons sat at the top, decorative rather than functional, soft lace trim around the legs. The memories of teasing herself wet before posting those risque pictures came flooding back, increasing the flow of juices from her engorged pussy.

She slowly started to unbutton her blouse, tugging the fabric loose from her jeans. Her breasts almost proudly jutting out, her sensitive nipples protruding through the black lace bra. She dropped the item in the basket provided, and popped the button on her jeans. As she slid the zip down she grazed the front of her crotch, she could almost feel her arousal through the warm damp fabric. She let her jeans drop unceremoniously to the floor, the waft of her musky scent stained knickers filled her nostrils. The gusset of her black knickers clung to her wet pussy as she teased them down her legs, an embarrassed glance at the wet stained fabric revealing the full extent of her arousal.

She stepped out the pool of clothing at her feet, and turned on the shower.

As she lathered up her hands and slid them over her warm body, each graze of her now aching nipples sent electric thrills down her body, she teased her hand gently through the trimmed patch of pubes covering her crotch, a lone soapy finger tracing the moist groove of her pussy. She moaned softly as she grazed her clit, which was now standing proudly from the safe haven of its hood. Her body willing her to finish what it had started, she reluctantly slid her hand away from her crotch, feeling the warm water course over her body cleaning away the soap subs and leaving her skin prickly clean.

She leisurely towelled herself off, being careful to avoid her most sensitive areas for fear of triggering her arousal again.

She draped the white bath towel over the heated rail, and picked up the cerise knickers. As she slid them slowly up her legs, she could feel her clean pussy moisten, her juices starting to flow again. The butterflies in her belly were now raging. As she eased the waist band over her bum and tugged the knickers on, she couldn't resist gliding her index fingers either side of her plump lips, a gentle press teasing more fluids from her newly sodden pussy.

She grabbed the jeans and pulled them on, dragging up the zip and popping the button into place. It was only now she realised that no bra had been provided, simply the plain white t-shirt. She was unsure how her sensitive nipples would take being subjected to the coarse cotton, but the letter had been quite specific. She slipped her arms into the t-shirt, and slid it on. A gasp escaped her lips as the cotton grazed her tight nipples as she slipped the t-shirt on.

Now fully dressed, she walked back into the bedroom and spied the blindfold. She gingerly picked up the blindfold.

"No turning back now!" She shuddered nervously.

Jasmine sat down slowly on the bed, her temple throbbing to the beat of her heart, blood seemingly warming everything as her body flushed anew. She eased on the blindfold and waited.

She had no idea how long she had waited, was it 10 minutes, 30 minutes? She didn't know.

The sound of the door to the room opening startled her.

"Hello Jasmine," spoke the rich soothing voice she'd not heard in years "I've been waiting a long time to become acquainted with your body."

As she heard the door close, she squeezed her thighs tightly together and groaned.