 I don’t go very often to the gym to work out, preferring to go for a quick run around the neighborhood or knocking the tennis ball around the court. When I do go, I am amused by the muscle-bound idiots indulging in hours of public narcissism in front of the gym mirrors. Most of the women there, while having firm, well-toned, sweaty bodies don’t turn me on either.

But there is one woman there who simply knocks me dead, and this is how I finally found myself inside her.

It was a slow Thursday evening at the gym. I was running my 5 k on the treadmill, listening to my 80s mix on my Walkman. She walked in at around six, when there were only 6-7 others working out. She stood in the center of the room and started stretching. Her black stretch pants were tight against her perfectly rounded ass. She was wearing an olive green sports bra to work out in. On anyone else the color would look ghoulish, but against her fair skin, it looked right. The size of her bra though, as usual, seemed wrong. Always a size too small so that the top halves of her boobs were more out than in. Every bend and lunge during her warm-ups emphasized the shape of her breasts. 

As always, I found myself wondering about her age. Her face was wrinkle free, her hair a dark brown. There was not a sign of sag in her large breasts. She could have been in her twenties in those regards. But, if you looked closely, and I had stared at her long enough, you would notice that there was a slight, delightful fold of skin above the waistline of her gym pants. I lusted after that small sign of age and often caught myself fantasizing having it between my lips. Even more that that, she moved with a confidence and grace that came only with age. She had none of that excessive swaying and moving the younger bimbos had. Those younger women in their late teens and twenties spent most of their gym time laughing falsely at nonsensical jokes of the gym pros. I had never seen her giggling with her friends at some guy’s ass or fawning over the biceps of some body builder. No, from the moment she walked in until the moment she hit the showers (Hmmmm, I thought, imagining her under a stream of hot water, naked, soaping her delectable boobs …), you knew this woman had the kind of class that only came with experience and age.

She came toward me, tying her hair up, (what is it about the sight of a woman tying up her hair that drives me to distraction?) and ran on the treadmill next to mine and we exchanged our customary smile in silence. We had an unspoken agreement to not be the kind of gym people who spend more time talking than working out. I saw her tits move under her bra as she ran in small, well-controlled steps. Her sweat ran down the center of her chest forming a perfect line between her heaving globes.

Later, I saw her lift a few weights and could not get my eyes away from the way she moved her hips as she lifted the barbells. I imagined myself kneeling in front of her so that she would move her hips into my face with that erotic rhythm. When she lay on the bench for the presses, I noticed that her breasts pointed straight up to the ceiling, the way a teenager’s would. And yet I knew she could not be younger than my 30 years.

We both ended our workout on the cross trainer. Her machine was just ahead of mine so I had the perfect, uninterrupted view of her tight ass. I saw the outline of her panty run down her ass as her well-toned thighs moved up and down.

She ended her workout a few seconds before I ended mine, did a few stretches which involved bending right in front of me giving me the view of her swaying globes that I knew I would beat off to later that night.

I decided to shower at home so I grabbed my gym bag and walked out of the building only to be caught in the middle of a summer rainstorm. It was a 15-minute jog to my place and I just made it to the shelter at the gate and was debating the sense of making a dash home. Suddenly a silver Mercedes drove up. The driver’s side window lowered and there she was, my fantasy gym partner. She had let her hair down and she looked maddeningly gorgeous as she eyed at my pathetic, drenched body.

“Get in, I can give you a ride,” she offered with a smile I had never seen before.

I jumped in on the opposite side, “Thanks, you are a life saver.” 

“Sweet with a hole in the middle?” she quipped. A hot, classy woman with a sense of humor, I thought. Lord give me the strength to not jump her right here in this leather interior Merc! I told her my address and we drove toward there. I was thrilled for once that the traffic was atrocious, giving me more time in the presence of her exciting smell. She had also chosen to shower at home and the car was scented by her gym perspiration, and a sweet, fruity aroma from her bare armpits. 

“You know, it’s hard to believe, but we have exercised next to each other for months, but I don’t know your name. I am Renee.” 

I told her my name and the usual mutual pleasure in meeting.

“Listen, I don’t think we are going to make it through this,” she said a little impatient, “why not come to my place and then I can drop you home after this rain.” She turned the car around and headed in the opposite, traffic-free direction.

I could not believe my ears. To actually be in her house was way beyond anything I had allowed myself to fantasize about.

“Thanks, if you are sure it’s no hassle,” I said trying to make sure I was not embarrassingly talking to her breasts, “if you think it’s OK with your family,” 

“I am alone these days. My son is in college and my husband is away traveling as usual.”

“Must suck that he has to leave you so often on business,” I sympathized falsely, thinking “what a dill weed to leave this hot woman alone at home.”

“Business nothing. He has other women in other cities he likes to …”she hesitated, “visit.”

I was shocked at her honesty and at his idiocy. I decided for once to say what came into my head.

“How could a man leave a woman as gorgeous as you?”

“Sweet of you, but he finds it quite easy after 19 years of marriage to leave me for younger bodies to …f…have sex …you know, lie down with. I think he finds the thought of touching me repulsive”

“I don’t think so,” I told her as we drove up her driveway, “you are so much hotter than any woman I know who is younger than you. I would think your body must be great to touch. I hope you don’t think I am being rude if I tell you, Renee, I think you are the hottest woman at that gym.”

“You are a sweet boy, you know.” She smiled, “don’t worry about me, I am happier at home without that lout. I married him when I was 22 and I quite enjoy being by myself after all these years.” She may have said more, but I was busy calculating her age from the information she had revealed. She was the sexiest 41-year-old around!

They walked into a large hallway and she turned to him, bringing those lusty boobs right in front of him. I could see that the AC in the house had made her nipples stand up, and they were sticking out at me like pointing fingers accusing me of inappropriate behavior.

“You know, you can take a shower in my son’s room,” she suggested innocently enough, “come it’s this way.” She led him up the stairs. “I think you will find the towels under the sink, and I think I put a new soap there last week.”

“Thanks, this is really nice of you. I hope your son won’t mind.”

She shook her head, and I caught the perfume of her lovely hair. She then turned around and left the room, “I think I will go shower as well and wash this sweat off,” she said re-forming the image I had earlier of her in a shower running her soapy hands all over her naked, wet body, massaging her gorgeous breasts, spending extra time caressing her hard nipples. She would then drop one hand down to her ass and let her soapy finger fiddle with her bunghole before bringing to around to her shaved pussy where she would let it rub her pink lips, her erect clit, her …Wow! I knew I had to take that shower cold if I wanted to survive.

I found the towels under the sink like she had said. I tied the towel around my waist and walked over to her son’s bed where I had flung my gym bag. I took out a fresh T-shirt, boxers and pants, when I heard the room door open. 

There she was dressed like I was. A pink towel was working hard to cover her generous boobs and her ass. I could see the deep furrow between her globes above the towel. Below I could see her legs go nearly all the way to the darkness in her crotch before the towel covered her again. 

She stared at my body and her eyes became large as she saw the effect she was happening on the front of my towel. My growing cock was pushing the heavy towel away from my drying groin, and was soon pointing to the ceiling. 

She walked toward me, “Did you mean what you said about me being ‘hot’?” she asked. I simply nodded and looked down to my obvious, growing lust.

She smiled, “Did you mean what you said about touching my body?”

I nodded again as she grabbed the knot holding her towel up. The defeated cloth dropped down her silky legs and I saw that she was indeed shaved clean below the waist. I could not investigate her lower area much as I was being distracted by a view of the roundest tits I had ever seen in real life. Each breast was the size of a grapefruit, and as round and firm. She took my hands and raised them to her lips. She kissed them gently and then sucked each finger in her warm mouth. She then placed my saliva-wet hands below her boobs allowing me to feel their fullness. I began to move my hands around her tits, gently pinching her nipples. 

She raised her lips to mine to moan inside my mouth. As her tongue touched mine, my rod pulsated under the towel, making us both moan. She never stopped tonguing me as she grabbed my towel and let it drop. Still kissing my lips, she wrapped her long fingers around the base of my cock. If I had been a few years younger, I would have sprayed her with cum right then.

“I have to confess something to you before we go much further,” she said, still not releasing me. I almost went soft in her hands as my mind chalked up all the confession possibilities; “I have lusted after your firm ass for a while now. That’s why I always run next to your treadmill. I see you staring at these,” she looked down to her creamy globes in his hands, “but you never see me checking out your hard buns, do you?”

I admitted I did not, but I decided that was the perfect time to drop my mouth to the tits I had imagined sucking every night for weeks. Renee’s nipples were dark and long and I let my teeth run up and down their length. She screamed and grabbed my cock harder. As I licked around her tits, she began to move her hand up and down. Her other hand was rubbing my exposed head right across the pee-slit. It was driving me mad and I began to groan into her breasts. I opened my mouth wide and took one of her weighty boobs into my mouth, covering the entire globe with my lips. Inside my mouth, I let my tongue run rapid circles around her rock-hard nipple. She wanked me harder and faster and I knew I would come within a minute if I did not stop her. 

Luckily she was experience enough to sense that from my sounds and she let me go, bringing my head up to hers to kiss his lips. 

“Come with me, I would rather fuck you on my own bed than my son’s,” which seemed reasonable enough. We walked naked across the hallway to her room. She led me by my erection and I stared at her heart-shaped ass as she walked in front of me, squeezing my dripping cock. Each cheek of her butt formed a perfect half, but they were firm enough that I could get a glimpse of her pussy lips between her legs as she walked. 

She had lit votive candles scenting the room with lavender and orange. She led me to the foot of her bed, pulled back the duvet and sprawled her body on the dark blue satin sheets. Her fair skin in the candlelight contrasted erotically against the bed sheet. She spread her legs and let me look for the first time at the treasure between her legs. I crawled onto the bed and kissed my way up the inside of her legs, stopping when I caught the sweet aroma of aroused pussy. It blended perfectly with the scented candles. She was holding her lips open for me, and I could see that right above her pink folds, she had a hooded, but erect, clit for me to suck on. 

I reached my hand out and lifted her hands away from her pussy. Instead I dropped them on her breasts and immediately she started squeezing them and pressing them together. I dropped my head between her legs and even before I touched her I noticed a streak of cunt juice dripping out of her leaving a shining trail down to her ass. I touched the trail with my tongue and licked her down to her asshole. She tasted like heaven. She raised her knees to her shoulders giving me full access to both her holes. I tongued her ass for a while making her moan.

“Ooooh baby, what are you doing, you aren’t supposed to lick that …”

“You want me to stop?” I asked removing my tongue from her rim.

“You want to die?” she asked sensibly.

I stuck my tongue at her butt opening and wiggled it around. She moved her body so that my tongue was forced inside her. Her ass tasted like none I had tasted before. I love every flavor on a woman’s body, and the butt is usually where all the tastes come together in one intense blend. Her bunghole tasted mild, forcing me to dive deeper to see if she tasted stronger inside.

“Ooooh! Are you assfucking me with your tongue, baby?” I stuck my fingers into her wet pussy in response. 

I finished with her ass and licked my way back to where my fingers were mining her depths for valuable nectar. I licked my fingers for my first taste of her cunt. I was not disappointed. She tasted sweet and fruity, and I ran my tongue up and down her slit before going deeper to the source. 

By now she was writhing around the bed, throwing her head from side to side, still grabbing her perfect boobs in her hands. I replaced my finger in her pussy such that my thumb could press against her asshole. I then lowered my tongue to her exposed nubbin. 

“Oh yes, oh yes, oh suck my fucking clit, you bung licker, make me cum now, assboy,” I had no idea what that last word meant, but I did not care. Sucking her clit was exactly what I had in mind and after torturing her with my tongue for a minute more, I took it between my lips and sucked as hard as I could.

Within seconds, I could feel the desired effect, her pussy contracted around my fingers, my thumb felt her ass open and tighten around it, her well-toned abs cramped and her freshly squeezed pussy nectar flowed out of her into my waiting mouth.

She continued to ride waves of orgasm as I sat up, positioned my swollen, and highly sensitive, head against her pussy lips. I smiled at her and thrust myself into her. I grabbed her legs and threw them around my shoulders allowing me to plumb her depths. I did, feeling the last of her orgasmic contractions press down on my tool. I fucked her like that for a while until she caught her breath back.

“I need it harder, lover, don’t be so gentle, ride me like an animal. I have been waiting for years for a fuck like this.”

I rammed into her with all my strength, forcing the wind out of her lungs. She moaned louder with each thrust saying nothing more than ‘fuck me, fuck me” with each time I filled her love tunnel. She grabbed my ass and started pulling me in further. She then reached around and let one finger play with my asshole.

I yelped with pleasure, “Ummmm, I thought you would like that,” she said.

I have never had much staying power with hot women, and I knew I would cum if I kept fucking her this hard, but she was not going to let me slow down either. So I suggested swapping places.

“Sure, she said between clenched teeth, “as long as I can suck you and taste your cock for a bit.”

So I turned her around delicately, keeping at least my head inside her sopping wet pussy. She raised herself off my dick. When she was off, I felt her juices run down the length of my cock and drip on my balls and down to my ass. She kissed my body all the way from neck, through my hairy chest, down to my nipples and then across my abs to where my pubic hair was thickest.

“I love your lusty smell,” she told me, licking down my legs to my knees and then back up again so that she approached my balls from below. Her tongue separated my nuts before she took each in her hot mouth in turn. She then returned my earlier favor by licking my recently showered ass deeply.

“Yummm,” she said, “I have never licked ass before, and yummy!”

She then licked up my balls to the base of my cock. The feel of her hot tongue on my rod made me throb with pleasure. She brought her tongue to the tip and inserted it into my pee hole making me scream. She then moved her head back so I could see a white line of precum between her lips and my red cock head. She broke the connection with her fingers and brought then up to my lips. I was shocked as she stuck the finger in my mouth for me to taste.

“That’s what you taste like to me,” and I had to admit, it wasn’t as gross as I thought it would be.

She wrapped her had around the base of my cock again, but was unable to make her fingers meet. The girth of my cock was at its maximum as was its length. My head was fully exposed. She licked the smooth surface of the head first. 

“So big, so hard, so red …I have never seen a head this big!” and I have to admit that while my cock is not very long, the head is remarkably huge, covering nearly half the whole length.

She licked all around my aroused organ, tracing my bulging cock veins with her tongue. She was clearly very experienced at this. She knew when to put me into her mouth and when to lick me, she knew how hard to massage my balls and the perfect rhythm to yank my dick. She knew that the underside of the head is more sensitive to her tongue than anywhere else. She knew that sucking me in and out of her mouth would arouse me far more than those gagging, deep throat actions seen in porn movies. She knew that even when she had me in her mouth, her tongue had to keep licking off the precum. And she knew from the frequency of throbs, and the pitch of my moans, that I was about to cum.

She sat up, again revealing a large line of goop between her luscious lips and my erection. She brought her mouth to my face and lowered the precum into my mouth. I grabbed her lovely face and kissed her hard, tasting my cock deep in her mouth. She took hold of my dick, and positioned it between her gaping lips. 

“Come inside me, baby, fuck me again, I want to feel you cum deep inside my …”.

I started thrusting up into her pussy that was now making obscene squelching noises. She grabbed her swaying titties and started playing with them as she danced her erotic fuck dance on my cock. With the candles, the light looked liquid and our shadows danced against the wall behind her. She fucked me so that while I was moving in and out of her, she was rocking backwards and forwards. I could see her clit exposed and I rubbed it as I reached up and took her inviting tits in my mouth. We both moaned out loud as we felt my cock swell. I tried to stop moving to prolong the pleasure, and simply feel the throbbing inside her, but she kept moving her pussy around and around, until I had to start thrusting again.

She threw her head back so that her beautiful and chocolate nipples thrust forward. From under her, they looked like heaven. I felt her pussy contract as she screamed. She pushed herself down hard against me and yelled.

“Cum baby, now, fill me with your hot cream!” and with that I did. My balls tightened, I jammed my dick deep inside her and let my goo fly deep inside her. I don’t know how long I came, but I ended up exhausted.
