 Stacy is about 30 years old with short white blonde hair and a very pretty face, her figure is slim with a nice tight arse and flat stomach, her tits are of a reasonable size, not what you would call large but just about right if you ask me. 

We have always got on well and I had always thought that we had a mutual feeling of fondness for one another. I had, in the past, thought of how good it might be to fuck her, but wasn't sure if she took her feelings to the same length as I did, after all she did appear to be flirtatious with a number of male parents at school and, I guess, this was just her way of being friendly. 

She always dressed well and the summer time brought out the best in her as more of her figure was visible for my pleasure. I remember on one occasion, at school, she turned up in quite a see through blouse which showed off the sexy white quarter cup bra she was wearing. 

We walked from the school together and I mentioned that she looked very attractive this morning and she surprised me by saying, "Well I woke up feeling very horny this morning and I just fancied putting something on to keep my mood going. This was the sexiest thing I could wear without upsetting the other mums." 

"Yes, but you get all the men going and we have to deal with upset wives and girlfriends." 

"Is that an admission that I get you going then?" she quickly quizzed. 

"Well if I told you that you haven't impressed me this morning I'd be lying." 

Just then we bumped into one of the children's mums and she invited Stacy to go around for a morning coffee. We said our goodbyes and she gave me a lovely cheeky smile as she turned away with Hilary and walked in the opposite direction. 

I went home and as soon as I closed the door behind me I had my trousers off and enjoyed a good long wank. I thought of what Stacy had said and was sure I could take things further. 

The next morning we both arrived at school at similar times and Stacy once again looked immaculate. I had also made a little more effort than usual. We chatted about trying to arrange a night when we could get together with our respective partners, eventually we planned it for Saturday night around at their house. After reaching an agreement we once again went our seperate ways. As I walked away I looked behind to take one last look at her nice arse and I caught Stacy doing the same, she smiled and waved before turning away. 

Saturday night came around and we all enjoyed the summers evening. Stacy was certainly making the most off her opportunity, she wore tight denim hot pants which rode neatly up between her bum cheeks and a simple white cotton blouse. The best thing was that she wore no bra and her pink nipples were clearly visible to those who looked. 

She certainly seemed to be enjoying herself and as the evening progressed and the more wine she drank the more risqué she became, my wife Amanda was also in a similar state and it was no surprise that the evenings conversation turned to sex. Stacy and Amanda were trying to tease both me and Nick about how women had complete control over us men and if so they could do away with us all together. As they spoke Stacy place her hand softly on Amanda's bare thigh and gave her a cheeky smile, if I wasn't mistaken Amanda's reaction was not one of horror or disdain but pleasure. She looked straight into Stacy's eyes and returned the smile, she then seemed to snap out of the situation by cracking a joke as if realizing that we had all noticed how she enjoyed Stacy's touch. 

That night when we returned home Amanda was like a rampant love machine. She was as turned on as I've ever seen her and her pussy was already hot and wet when I first took her panties down. We enjoyed some wonderful sex that night, Amanda gave me a wonderful blowjob, as usual, whilst I parted her wet swollen lips and brought her to orgasm by licking her clitoris. She did seem to come harder than usual and in my mind I was thinking this might be down to the evenings events, maybe Amanda does have similar thoughts towards Stacy as I do! I have always thought that Amanda might have experienced some sort of lesbian sex in her younger days, these thoughts bought about because a few of her friends at school were confirmed lesbians. 

The following Monday morning, at school, I was not too sure how Stacy would react to the weekends event, but my fears were quashed as soon as we met, she strolled over and kissed me on the cheek and said, "Thanks for making it a great night on Saturday, I really enjoyed myself." 

"Oh don't thank me, you were a wonderful hostess and we both enjoyed ourselves very much." 

"Did Amanda enjoy herself too?" 

"Oh I think so. In fact I think she enjoyed it very much because she was as randy as hell when we got home." 

Stacy's eyes seemed to light up and she said, "Why don't you come round for a coffee and tell me more." 

"Fine, I'll drop Jessie off and be round in about 20 minutes." 

Stacy was already on the way out so I gave it a little longer for her to get home and do anything she needed to do. 

I arrived at their house about twenty minutes later and walked down the passage at the side and knocked on the back door. She was in the kitchen, removing her washing from the washing machine, she stood up and beckoned me in as she placed her washing on the work surface. Once again she greeted me by kissing me on the cheek, "Coffee?" she asked. 

"Why not, I think we ought to leave to wine for the evenings don't you." 

As we talked I noticed that the pile of washing was in fact a pile of underwear and mighty fine underwear by the look of it. "I wish I was your neighbour if this is the kind of washing you put on your line." 

"Well to be honest I always do my knicker washing on a Monday morning because I know the old bloke from next door will be in. I know he spies on me when I hang my undies out and he thinks I haven't noticed him looking over the fence from his kitchen window, it sort of excites me to think of him wanking off to the sight of my underwear." 

"So is he in now then?" I questioned, "and do I get to see your sexy undies too?" 

As I spoke i reached over and collected a few items from the damp pile and began to separate them. The first item was a pretty pale blue quarter cup bra which was made of thin see through material, I lifted them to eye level and looked at Stacy through the transparent cups, "Well these don't leave much for the imagination do they? especially with your nipples!" 

"Oh, so you were looking at my tits on Saturday night were you?" 

"Well you did make it easy for us all considering you had no bra on and a near see through blouse and your nipples were quite stiff in the cold air." 

Once again she smiled back and said, "I guess they do get a bit noticeable sometimes, Nick can always tell when I'm feeling horny because they always give the game away." 

I picked up another item from the pile and it was a white pair of pants, they were of a similar material as the bra but had a g string type thong at the back, "Now these I like, very sexy indeed." 

I could picture Stacy wearing these and had an image in my mind of what her pussy would look like and how the thin material would show every detail. Stacy just stood back leaning against the breakfast bar, she looked as sexy as I've ever seen her before and she had a mischievous look on her face. She was dressed in a pink cotton dress which showed off her lovely legs well, it was held in place by the thin straps over her shoulders. She wore a pink bra which pushed her tits up and together to form a nice cleavage. Going back to her undies I said, "These I like, any see through knickers do it for me you know, I bet you look wonderful in these." 

As I spoke Stacy's face became a little flushed and I noticed that her nipples were pushing her bra out, it was clear that she knew I had noticed them and she made no attempt to cover them up, "It looks to me like your need a little attention in you bra." 

"It looks to me like you need a little attention in your jeans." she replied. 

She was now looking down at the bulge that had been growing in my pants. I moved to stand in front of her; she took the panties from my hand and led me into their living room. Once inside she turned around and kissed me hard. Her kisses were very passionate and she was pushing her hips into my crotch, I returned her kisses and probed her mouth with my tongue. I raised my hand to caress one of her tits and as I did she slipped her dress strap from her shoulder. This left her boob exposed and to my surprise the material of her bra was see through, her nipple was so hard it must have been at least 15 mm long and as I touched it for the first time she gasped and rolled her head back. 

"God that feels good," she sighed, "I've wanted to fuck you ever since I first met you, I have dreamed about you fucking me hard, Amanda is so lucky to have you and she has told me of how good your sex life is, I need you to take me now, right here, right now!" 

She was clearly in a state of extreme passion and I was going to make the most of my position. 

Well who am I to let a lady down, I leaned back to take a good look at Stacy's tits. I pushed her other strap off of her shoulder and pushed her dress to the floor. I stepped back to admire the full view and noticed a smile on Stacy's face as she watched me admiring her, she wore the same type of see-through panties as I had in my hand earlier but these of course were pink, "So what do your think, do I look any good wearing them?" 

Her question was answered with a smile from me as I reached out with both hands to pinch on her erect nipples. I moved forward to place a kiss on her mouth and as I did Stacy took a firm hold of my belt buckle and proceeded to undo my belt, flies and push my jeans past my knees, all in one swift motion. I continued my assault on her tits whilst she tugged my hard on out of my pants, the feeling of her soft hand around my dick was fantastic, as she began to wank me slowly. 

"My you are a big boy aren't you, I want to feel that inside me, I need to be fucked soon or I'll scream the house down." 

I lowered my head and began to suck firmly, through the material of her bra, on her right nipple, she groaned deeply and pushed her hips against my erection in her hand. She lowered the tip of my dick and rubbed it against the front of her knickers, still sucking hard I pushed both tits together and rubbed and sucked feverishly on her long hard nipples. 

"JESUS FUCKING CHRIST, Oh yes, that is wonderful, your making me so wet, I need you inside me, I need to be fucked good and proper." 

As she whimpered under my control her legs seemed to become more like jelly and her hips began to push into me harder and faster. 

I began to think to myself that I could make Stacy come with out even touching her cunt at all and, suddenly, this became my goal. I pinched and rolled her nips in my fingers, I flicked my tongue from one nipple to the other, still standing in the centre of her living room, I was in complete control of this women and any minute now she was about to give me her first orgasm. She was groaning deeply, her head back and her eyes closed, still unconsciously tugging away on my old man, her breathing began to shorten and her groans were becoming more of a pant, her hips moved faster. 

Suddenly she gave a really deep throaty groan and pushed and held herself tight against me, "Jesus, Oh yes, I'm gonna come, oh fuck-in-hell, that is wonderful, don't stop now I'm gonna, oh Shiiit, yes, yes ohhhh YES!" 

I pushed her tits together and took both of her nipples into my mouth and finally she screamed her way to a tremendous orgasm. Her legs buckled as she found it difficult to stand up as her cunt spasmed, she was almost crying as she spoke, "OH MY GOD! THAT'S WONDERFUL, DON'T STOP PLEASE, PLEASE DON'T STOP." 

I continued to suck on both her hot hard teats as she came. 

"Jesus Christ I almost passed out, that was so wonderful." 

We stood silently looking at each other, her hand still on my dick, eventually she released my dick and walked backwards and sat herself down on the edge of the sofa. As she sat I could see the front of her knickers and they were fucking soaked through. I moved in between her open knees and presented my hard dick to her, she now took it in both hands and pulled me in closer, "Your cock is beautiful, so thick and hard, I can't wait for you to fuck me, but I think I know what you want," and with that she snaked out her tongue and licked the tip of my dick. She closed her eyes briefly as she tasted my erection for the first time, my foreskin was already covered with precum and she lapped it all up. It painted a wonderful picture, which only got better when she opened her eyes wide, looked up and giggled as she slipped my dick into her mouth, she closed her lips around my shaft and proceeded to give me a wonderful blow job. 

"Suck my balls," I told her, and, as instructed, she stopped sucking and slurping on my meat and began to lick the underside of my dick, she continued down and the feeling of her mouth around my balls was exquisite. 

"Is that good?" she said looking up from my crotch. 

"That's fucking wonderful, don't stop." 

As she teased my balls with her tongue Stacy had slipped a hand down the front of her wet panties, not only was she pleasing me but she was also playing with herself 

"I want you to lay on the sofa so I can watch you play with your pussy." 

And, without even pausing from her duties, she swung her hips around and was now lying across her settee, her hand returned to her pussy and her mouth continued to lick and suck my balls. She still had a firm hold of the base of my dick and her finger tips were rubbing me between my balls and butt hole, as she moved closer to my arse hole I couldn't help but groan with pleasure. Stacy took this as a sign to proceed and I knew what she had in mind, from her position now she was able to get her head right between my thighs and suddenly I felt the most wonderful feeling of her hot tongue probing my butt, only Natalie Brown before her, ever gave my bum a good licking and she was a great fuck, that's another story which will come later. 

Looking down on Stacy I had this wonderful view of her firm breasts with these two proud nipples pointing skywards, her right hand was busy teasing her clitoris within her knickers and her head was buried between my thighs. Her legs were now open wide and her right leg was lobbed over the back of the sofa, boy she looked so fucking dirty I could have come there and then. Her cunt produced so much juice that her knickers were now so wet they became completely transparent and I could clearly see her pussy, her hair was very fine and she had only a small neat triangle of wispy blonde hair, her lips were red and swollen and very wet indeed. She kept dipping a finger into her cunt for lubrication as she continued to tease and circle her clitoris. Suddenly I felt a different feeling around my butt as Stacy again sucked on my balls, she had moved her hand around and was gently inserting a digit up my butt. 

"Is that good?" she questioned me again. 

"You know it's good, don't stop." 

She reburied her face between my thighs and continued to please me. 

"God you look so fucking horny laying there I could come all over you." 

"OH Yes that would be wonderful, go on shoot you load all over me." 

"Take you knickers off and show my that wet pussy of yours." Again without hesitation she took both hands and removed her pants. 

"Open up for me, show me how wet you are." 

She needed no encouragement at all and with both hands she parted her pussy lips, slipped two fingers in from one hand and began to play with her clit with the other, suddenly she was lost in her own world and was soon frigging herself off with some vigour. Still licking my balls, she was bringing herself off to quick fire orgasms and I was thoroughly enjoying watching her do so, the time was right and as Stacy neared her climax I took a hold of my dick and began to wank myself off to orgasm. She sat back and watched as I slowly increased my speed in time with her. We knew we were both close and now both of us were wanking off for the pleasure of the other. 

I was ready to cum and slowed my stroke down. 

"I'm gonna cum soon and it's going to be hard." 

"Oh yes cum all over me, I love watching men come, go on do it now, cum over my tits and face." 

As she spoke she was beginning to buck her hips in time with her fingers and her own orgasm was immanent. 

"Come on big boy, let me see you come." She was almost in a trance as she spoke. 

"God, I'm gonna come, I coming now Stacy, oh ssssshit I'm gonna come." 

"Yes come on, give it to me, cover me with it, yes I'm coming to, OH YES, Jesus Christ," she screamed as her hips bucked upwards as she reached her own orgasm. She plunged her fingers deeper into her pussy, her head rocked back as she closed her eyes tightly as her body shook to its second orgasm, I was ready to shoot and took aim at Stacy's mouth. 

"OH God I'm coming Stacy, here I come." 

With one last stroke I exploded with spunk, I hit Stacy right on target, landing a large blob right on her tongue, she giggled as she retracted her tongue to taste my hot come, I continued to shoot my stuff and plenty of it there was to, I covered her face, neck and both tits with more sperm than I've ever shot before. 

"That's wonderful, oh yes that's so fucking dirty I love it!" 

As she spoke she rubbed my sperm all over her body, playing with her covered nipples and tasting a couple of fingers, finally she took a hold of my spunky tool and proceeded to clean me up and suck me dry. 

We continued to kiss and caress each other but I sensed Stacy was getting anxious about the time and we agreed to leave it there for today. 

"That was so wonderful, don't let it be the only time we do it." 

"Don't you worry about that" I replied "we've got a long way to go and next time I'll make sure you get that fucking you need."