 I had just turned 18 and, when I was 16, I had learned to drive. I had purchased a used, 1965 Mercury 4-dr sedan with all power with the money I had saved after school and on weekends, working.

 We had arranged for me to meet you for lunch in a quaint, very nice restaurant some 23 miles out of town. Just thinking of being with you always gave me a very hard cock, and, this day was no different.   It was about 1:30 in the afternoon on this one Saturday, and, when I arrived and walked into the restaurant, I spotted you sitting in a booth in the corner of the restaurant, all alone, waiting. I was on time when I arrived there.   When I walked up to the high, circular booth, I gasped, seeing you sit- ting there in a summery, cotton outfit and the first thing I noticed was, how low-cut it was. I walked over to you, leaned down and kissed you on the cheek. Every man's eye was on you as you sat there, looking so fresh and clean, your long, red hair up, and, your intelligent, bright, green eyes sparkling.   Your massive breasts stood out, and, with no strain at all, I could see your nipples through the cotton dress. I felt myself getting harder.

 "Hi Hoot," she said with a big smile. "Sit down,...won't you?" she said, waving her arm toward the seat.   I sat down and the waiter came over, looking at me.   "I'll just have some coffee," I told him as I handed him the menu.   I noticed you were having a salad and some kabasa sausages. You had one big one on the plate.

 I was sitting across from you and you noticed me squirming,....being kinda fidgety.   "Whassa' matter, Hoot?" you asked slyly.   "Um,...oh, nothing," I lied.   "Come on, Hoot,....what's up?" you asked looking down at the table, which would have been at my crotch had the table not been there.   Monica knew me well now. My hand moved my cock in my pants kinda quickly and you smiled when you saw my upper arm move.   "Is....that monster,....giving you problems again?" you asked.   "Well,....." was all I said.   "We're going to take care of it,....this afternoon," you said.

 Monica was always very sexy around me. In fact, it was practically all we did.   You jammed your fork into the sausage, raised it and slid it down between your huge tits! You lodged it into your cleavage, then, re- moved the fork. My hand, under the table, was rubbing my cock as it got harder and harder! You smiled, then, with your arms at your side, you clenched and unclenched, over and over, the muscles of your arms, which, in turn, pressed against the sides of your big breasts! In so doing, I watched, in awe, as your tits bunched up and squeezed and un- squeezed around the big sausage.

 You heard me when I moaned, "Oh GOD!!!!!" and you smiled.   You kept doing it over and over, saying, "THIS is what I'm going to do to you, Hoot,...in your car!"   I kept staring down into your cleavage! I always marveled at how full and deep it was. The booth we were sitting in was high and in a half- circle, and, it was leather padded. Only a few people in the row of booths next to us could see us. A young couple, sitting across from us were looking, and, smiling.   You slid over on the seat next to me, taking your food with you. Then I felt your hand as it went down and your fingers found and fondled my thick meat on the outside of my trousers. The young couple across from us were glaring, and, their eyes widened as they watched your hand doing a dance on my crotch.

 Your eyes were half-shut as your fingers played with my throbbing shaft. "Oh Hoot,...you are soooooo BIG again! I'm going to have this for dessert. Monica wants a nice, big, hot, thick, wet load of your sweet, sweet cream going down her throat!"   "UH!!!!!!" I moaned as my body squirmed. The young couple across from us were agape, hardly believing what they were seeing, and, they didn't seem to mind a bit.   "Keep doing what you are doing, Monica, and, you might have to end up drinking it,....right here!" I warned.   "Okay,....then,....let's go," you answered.   You removed, seductively, the sausage from your cleavage, used a nap- kin to wipe yourself, then, we got up and left. I followed you, glaring at your broad, shapely hips as they bounced when we walked. I got to the cashier and paid the check, then, we left the restaurant.

 We climbed into my car, and, you directed me where to go. You were sitting right next to me as I drove, your hand down between my legs, fond- ling and rubbing my big, hard cock!   I drove about 4 miles and we ended up in a park. You told me to pull over on a patch of grass encircled by several oak trees. I did and even after we had been together several times, I was still somewhat nervous. You noticed.   I shut the engine down and, right away, your arm went up around my neck and you pulled my head over and down and we kissed hotly! Now your hand really danced on my straining prick!   My left hand went to the side of your massive, big, right tit and I rubbed the side of it. Meanwhile, your hand had gone to my belt buckle and after you undid it, you pulled my zipper down.   I kicked off my loafers and urged you over to the passenger side. You slid over and you watched as I lifted my hips and slid my trousers and shorts down my legs.   "Now,....straddle me, Hoot!" you said, rather anxiously.

 I lifted a leg after moving over close to you, and, put my knee down so that it was next to your right thigh. Now, with my knees on both sides of you, my cock pulsed as it stood up tall.   "My, my,...look at how it wants some attention, Hoot!" you observed.   I rested the underside of my length against your belly, and, you looked down, seeing the large, open tip poised just under your cleavage. I reached and pulled on the spaghetti straps holding your dress and when I slid them down your arms, the top of your cotton dress fell to your waist, revealing those tremendous, full tits, with large aureoles and nipples getting larger and harder.   I felt the flat of your hands go on my hips, and, you guided me as I rolled them and felt the large, open tip begin to slide up and against your cleavage! As I continued to roll them, we both looked and the big tip was spreading, spreading, spreading, your huge tits apart, and, I hissed as it slid up the heart of your cleavage!

 "Oh yes, Hoot! Your cock always feels sooooooo good fucking these big tits! Soooooo HOT and MEATY!!! Are your balls filling with all that sweet liquid, baby?" you asked.   "Yes,....they have been ever since I left town," I answered.   "Good! I want them nice and full when you explode," you said. "Now, fuck these big tits, Hoot! FUCK THEM!!!!!"   I began to pump my hips, feeling the full length and breadth of your meaty, huge tits, and, I groaned aloud! I had to bend my head to clear the headliner, but, I could look down and see the large tip, at first, disappear from view, then, reappear, as I slid my cock up, up, up! I could see the large hole in the tip and it was filling up with pre-cum! Then, I felt your tongue slide in it, and, you scooped out what was there.   "GOD!!! It tastes soooooo fuckin' good, Hoot! I could suck your cock and eat your cum all day!!!!" Over and over, more and more, you pressed the flat of your hands against the sides of your breasts, folding them, easily, around my cock! I am VERY thick, but, your 55hh's could easily accomodate my girth! I was to learn with the passage of time, that in order for me to tit-fuck in the manner that truly turned me on and made me shoot record-breaking explosions, a woman with a minimum of 40DD's would be able to fold her tits.....completely....around my shaft, nipple- to-nipple! Any ladies smaller then that, would have a difficult time trying to encompass....completely....my cock!

 Slowly, without rushing, I pumped,...and, both of us could hear the sides of my shaft, along my complete length, being massaged by the in- side of your breasts! An occasional 'Oh!' could be heard as both of us responded to this most pleasureable act!   As I pumped up, you brought your tits down....and, when I rolled my hips back and down, you brought your tits up, making sure your entire cleavage came into contact with all my cock!   The sensations weren't as great as when we were on your bed doing this, but, they were strong enough to have me spurt an unbelievable load! I was surprised when you released your breast with one hand and you brought it down, raising the lower part of your cotton dress! Then, I gasped when I saw you fill your hand with part of the half-slip you had worn. It was truly amazing,....you are one of those ladies whose tits are so large, you didn't have to hold your breast around my cock as it did it on it's own! When you did do it, it was only to intensify the effect it had on me to make me shoot a lot,....I mean,...a LOT of thick, hot cum!

 "C'MON, HOOT! FUCK THESE TITS! FUCK THEM!!! FUCK THEM HARD!!! I NEED THAT HOT DESSERT!" you screamed out!   I put my hands on the top of the seat supporting your back, and, with great effort, I drove my hard cock, brutally, between your tits!   "GOOD, HOOT! WONDERFUL! THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TITS SHOULD BE FUCKED!" you observed. I loved the incentive you always seemed to give me, no mat- ter what we were doing.   Up,....down,....up,....down,....up,....down,....over and over and over! It was pure Heaven as you looked down watching the big, open tip come into view when it spread the heart of your cleavage apart, and, slid up, your tongue out and ready! A little higher I pumped, and, soon, I could feel the tip of your tongue dart into the large hole, searching out, then scooping any pre-cum there! "OH!" I moaned again, and, you loved it!

 The car rocked from our efforts as I looked down, marveling at how my thick shaft spread, far apart, your tits, as it came up, your lovely head bent forward, tongue out and ready to dip into the hole when it reached you! Your big tits,....easily,....folded around me even though I am VERY, VERY thick, with room to spare! I knew breast-balling you would be one of the greatest, if not,....the,....greatest tit-fuck I would experience in a lifetime!

 Again and again, your silk-filled hand fondled my huge balls, and, I could feel them filling, rapidly, to over-flowing! "OHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" I hollered, again and again, as your silk-filled hand danced on my balls!   "CUM FOR MONICA!!! CUM FOR ME, HOOT! SHOOT ALL THAT HOT SPUNK RIGHT IN MONICA'S HUNGRY MOUTH!!!!!"   I leaned my upper body back while still supporting myself with my knees at your sides, so, I could get a better look!   "C'MON, HOOT! C'MON!!!!!! FUCK MY TITS AND MOUTH!!!!!! FUCK THEM BOTH, HOOT!!!! YOU HAVE ENOUGH TO DO IT!!!! FUCK THEM HARD!!!!!!!" you hollered, prompting me to put more effort into it! I rolled my hips down and back, and, we both watched the large tip slide down your cleav- age as it disappeared, your huge tits folding together where it had been, then, reappearing again when it slid below the bottom of your cleav- age! Faster, your silk-filled hand diddled and fondled my balls!   "C'MON, HOOT!!!!! C'MON!!!!! YOUR BALLS ARE BIG, FULL AND HEAVY!!! YOU ARE READY TO GIVE ME THAT DESSERT!!!!!!"

 I abandoned all attempts to prolong this and hold back my explosion and pumped for all I was worth! At one point, when the tip slid far, far, up your tits, your lovely mouth, gaping, was able to fold around the sides of the tip and take it in! But, when my hips settled back down on you, I felt it leave your hot, sucking mouth momentarily, only, to have it re-insert into your mouth on the following upstroke! Also, at one point, when the tip was firmly in your mouth, my hips went back down, but, that time, you bent your head and followed it so your lips and mouth could stay attached to it!!!! The way your tongue was digging into the hole, I knew you were going to spark a monumental climax!

 The flat of my hands rolled in circles all over your head and hair as the tingle in my balls began to reach a crescendo!!!! So erotically, your gaping mouth pulled on me, your tongue always active, digging out pre-cum in the large hole in the tip,...your silk-filled hand now didd- ling and rubbing and shaking my ready-to-burst big balls! Your massive, hot tits....constantly.....in contact with my full length!   "CUM FOR MONICA! CUM FOR MONICA, HOOT! MY MOUTH AND THROAT AND STOMACH....ARE READY!!!" you hollered out and the next time your lips and mouth folded around me, and, we both heard your mouth....sucking.... and, your tongue,....licking,....I let go!!!

 It was tremendous, and, it caught you off guard as the first release bolted to the back of your throat, almost making you gag, but, you re- covered quickly and continued to pull the abundant hot cream from my emptying balls!   "UHHHH!!!! YIIIII!!!!.....AAARRRRGGHHHHH!!!!!....UH! UH! UH! UH! UH!" came out of me each time my balls released a huge, thick string of sweet cum!!!

 'Gulp,...gulp,...suck,....gulp,....suck....gulp....' we both could hear as you were working so hard to swallow all of it! You never could, but, you sure had a knack for making me release record amounts of gism! After some 30 seconds, I backed off,....between spurts,...pulling my shaft back away from your mouth, but, instinctively, you grabbed it with your hands and directed the remaining sprays of the baby-making fluid!   You aimed it, and, you gasped when a thick string of cum leaped from the big tip and landed on your nipple! You moved my cock and the next release landed on your other nipple! Then, you alternated by let- ting the remaining sprays fall all over the meat of your breasts!

 "AHHHHHHH,....THAT'S SOOOOOO FUCKIN' HOT!!!! SOOOO FUCKIN' HOT!!!!" you hollered out and your hand pulled and pulled my cock, your other hand, silk-filled, rubbed my balls as you worked to get every drop! I shot and shot! So much, in fact, my balls hurt! After you had completely drained me, I moved so that I was sitting on the bench seat next to you while you bent your head and lifted your tits and licked, sucked, and, drank every ounce of cum that you could off of them!   "AHHHHHH,....sweet nectar!!!" you said as you smacked your lips! My shaft was still standing up tall as the hurt in my balls receded. You looked over at me, smiling, then, your eyes went down, and, you commented, "God,...look how hard your cock is! It is like you never came!" you observed.   "Hoot? I want it in my ass now!" you said with finality.   You raised up and I shifted in the seat so that you were above me. You lowered your head and you kissed me sensuously! My heart pounded as I always found it hard to believe I was with you. With your knees straddling my hips, as we kissed, I felt your hand as you moved it to the rear of you and I felt your fingers slip around my girth!   "Lubricate my ass, good, Hoot!" you said, and, with that, I felt you maneuver the big, open tip against your pussy lips! You worked it around, in circles, letting just the tip enter you and I could feel your juices flowing!

 "Ahhhhh,....that's it! Get it nice and wet, baby!" and, for sure, it was dripping! You raised up a little and the tip came out of you! Then, you moved it back, and, you rolled your hips forward, and, I felt the tip press against your small, tight nether hole!   My arms were around you and my hands down on your ass cheeks! Your hand continued to move the tip, and, you exerted some pressure and I felt your rear hole begin to give way! I felt the big tip, soaked with your juices, slip into you! It was Heaven!

 "OOOOHHHHHHHHHH,.....AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" you groaned! "Sooooo big! Soooooo BIG!!! GOD!!!!" you hollered out! You rolled your hips and my shaft began to enter your bowel!   "THAT'S IT, HOOT!!! THAT'S IT!!! FUCK MY ASS!!!! FUCK IT!!!!!" you screamed, and, gradually, inch by inch, my thick cock moved up into you!   "I....I,....I,...want it all, Hoot!!!! All....of....it!!!!" you said, and, with each word spoken, you took more and more of me! My hands pressed your ass cheeks, and, your luscious ass came down, down, down! I felt your bowel engulf my thickness and I could feel the big tip start to move up into you!   "GOOD GOD!!! FEELS LIKE A DAMN TELEPHONE POLE!! SOOOO BIG!!!!!" you moaned out! "I swear, Hoot,...you will rip me apart!" you saw fit to mention.   "No, baby! No!!!" I assured you!

 You moved your other hand to your cunt and I saw your arm wiggle as you rubbed your clit! Faster, faster,...your hand moved, and, I knew you were starting to get close to an explosion!   With about half of me in you,....suddenly,....raising your leg, you spun on me and faced the dashboard! I had a grip of your hips and I helped you raise and lower yourself on me! In,....out! In,...out!!! In,...out!! And, up,...down,....up,...down,....up,...down,...your ass moved on me until almost all of me was in you now!   "SOOOOOO FUCKIN' BIG!!!!! GOD!!!! YOU ARE SOOOO FUCKIN' BIG, HOOT!" you moaned, and, we quickened our pace, the car now starting to rock! You unbent your knees and placed your feet on the floorboard! Now, you had better control and you raised and lowered yourself, constantly, not stopping! I moved my arms and hands, placing my hands around you and on your massive tits! I fondled them, and tweaked your nipples while your ass hole continued to slide down and up my throbbing shaft!

 Your fingers moved rapidly against your clit, and, you had sunk one of them in your depths, feeling your juices all around it!   "I'M,....I'M,....I'M,....OH GOD!!!! I'M...GONNA,...CUM, HOOT!!!!! SOON!!!!!" you shouted out!   Up,...down,....up,....down,.....up,....down,....your body moved on me! I could feel the walls of your bowel all around the entire length of my shaft as I pumped up and your body came down....your fingers moving, faster and faster against your clit!   You marveled at how tight your pussy was with my cock in your ass... knowing how it pressed against the small piece of flesh separating both holes,....and, you could feel part of my length with your finger as it pushed against the small snap of flesh!

 "UH! UH! UH! UH!" you groaned, over and over, each time my shaft went up, filling you!   "GOD, HOOT! HOW YOU FILL ME!! EVEN IN MY ASS! KEEEEE-RIST!!!!!"   "Cum, baby! Cum for Hoot!" I hollered.   "OOOHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!....MONICA'S CUNT IS GOING TO SPRAY!!! MONICA'S CUNT IS GOING TO SPRAYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!" you screamed and with that, your body shivered rapidly, then, you held still as the sensations shooting through your body overwhelmed you! Oh, how you wiggled after that, making sure all of me was in you! I continued to tweak your nipple with one hand while I moved the other one down to your pussy and slid it inside of you, and, it immediately, was soaked with your juices as I could,,,,feel....you cuming! You always did shoot like a man, and, your juices....poured.....out of you, running down to part of my balls, then, on the seat!!!

 "OHHHHHH,....YOU LOVELY FUCKER, HOOT! YOU GRAND FUCKER!!!! HOW MY HOOT LOVES TO FUCK!!!!!" you shouted out as you began to recede from the high your climax gave you!   "YES!!!! I LOVE FUCKING YOU, MONICA! I NEVER TIRE OF FUCKING MY MONICA!!!" I shouted back!   You raised your leg and spun back around, facing me! Immediately, I attached my lips to your big tit and sucked it! I put both hands around it, marveling at how large and full it was! I latched onto your hard nipple and sucked and licked it! I bit on it a little and the pain, turning to pleasure, excited you! I brought my other hand around to your chest, putting it on your other tit and I played and rubbed it,....tweaking your nipple with my fingers! I alternated be- tween sucking one tit, then, the other,....tweaking one nipple, then the other as you rode up and down on me, my big cock, buried in your exquisite ass, feeling better and better and better!

 Harder,....faster,....I moved your hips up and down on me, allow- ing my cock to move it's full length, in and out of you!   "UH! UH! WANT MY CUM, BABY? DOES MONICA WANT HOOT'S CUM ALL IN HER ASS?" I asked, and, your words, with labored breathing, repeated themselves,....."YES!!! YES!!!! YES!!!!!" you said over and over!   So, full bore, I pumped,...riding your body up and down me! Then, the very strong tingle in my balls signaled an explosion!   "HOLD ON, MONICA! HOLD ON BABY!!! HOOT IS GONNA....CUM!!!!!" I warned and I knew you would relish it! I rocked you on me,...I cork- screwed my cock in your ass,...rotating your hips in circles as I brought you down and up on me!   "AARRRRGGGHHHHH,....OOOHHHHHH......YIIIIIIIII!!!!" you squealed as you knew your entire bowel would fill, any second, with my thick gism!
