 I have always had a thing for larger women. When I was a younger man I had various very erotic experiences with what would now be called "big beautiful women", but when I was 30 I moved away from my home town, got hooked into a career in IT and married a skinny bitch. It was never going to work out, but I made some money over the next few years, and was not in the least surprised when she left with some guy from her gym.

I moved back to my home town to regain my long-lost freedom, and so found myself at nearly 50, holed up in a nice apartment of my own and out in town looking for action again.

I'm Mike, 6 feet tall and I consider myself to be not so bad looking with greying hair, brown eyes and a little paunch (I've probably done a little too much comfort eating over the years). That fateful Friday evening I was in one of the local bars that used to be a proper pub but is now a wine bar, as they were having a "singles" night. To be honest I felt completely like a fish out of water dressed in my casual blue suit, and a very old fish at that. All the people there seemed to be at most half my age, and the guys were all wearing jeans and the girls in very short and skimpy outfits. When the youngsters were not engaged in small talk or groping each other they seemed to be glued to their phones, which seems so common these days, so it wasn't looking like I was going to get much fun that night and I was just preparing to leave when I saw her.

Sat on her own in a corner, seemingly watching the whole room was a good looking young woman, probably in her early to mid-twenties, and she looked like a little girl lost. Her big brown eyes kept scanning around the room, but no-one appeared to be taking any notice, maybe because she seemed to be hiding away in the shadows. It was hard to make out her shape at first as she was wearing dark clothing and seemed camouflaged by the dark with only her face visible, but I could see that she had brunette hair cut into a "bob" style framing a pretty plump face, and her expression showed an innocence that seemed unusual for a singles bar.

Noticing that her half pint of lager was almost empty, and nipping over to the bar first, I approached her table with a fresh drink, and one for me. She looked up as I approach and smiling I offered her the drink and asked if I could sit. She looked me up and down a couple of times before nodding.

"It's a free country, and thanks for the drink." 

I sat across the table from her and introduced myself, adding that I was surprised to see such a pretty young woman hiding away alone in the corner. She told shes called Amber, and that she didn't really like to be too sociable, but that her mum had told her she needed to get out and meet some people, so there she was.

I started chatting about this and that and we soon found some common ground around old sci-fi films. Amber told me that she wasn't really into the dating scene, and that she lived at home with her Mum, who kept insisting that she "get out more." 

"Yeah I need to get out more too" I replied "There are only so many nights I can sit on my own in my flat listening to music and reading."

As my eyes grew accustomed to the dark corner we were in I saw Amber to be a broad young woman, dressed in a black turtle neck top that hugged her full frame, and I could see from her close-fitting top that she was hiding a large pair of tits. I tried not to be to obviously ogling her, and we chatted on about authors and how the written word seems to be dying in favour of TV and online video.

When we finished our drinks Amber offered to get some refills. As she walked over to the bar I got to see her fully for the first time, I could see that she was about 5 feet 8 tall, and I was pleased to see her wide arse swaying from side to side as she strolled to get the drinks. She was wearing a short black skirt contrasting her broad white thighs below it. She had patent leather high heels on which accentuated her legs' shape as she walked. I caught her looking over her shoulder at me and she smiled, and was that a cheeky wink? No couldn't be, after all I'm old enough to be her Father!

As she returned she looked surprised to see that I'd switched to the other side of the table, where she had been sitting. I had done so to watch her walk over with the drinks, and I was not disappointed either. She was pretty as a picture - a youthful full figured young woman strolling towards me, and in the light I could see her holding the 2 glasses out in front of her considerable chest, it looked like she had wide round boobs that gave a very seductive wobble as she walked. I also saw that she had a bit of a tummy, broad shoulders, wide thighs and her bobbed hair really set off her pretty young face. Rather than taking the place where I was sitting opposite when she had gone for the drinks, she sent me a smile.

"Scooch up!" she said and sat down right next to me. "You're not nicking my seat there, it's the best place I could find to watch the room!" 

"No problem by me, gives me the opportunity to sit next to a pretty lady" I said with a cheeky grin, and as she sat beside me I could smell her sweet floral perfume and we were almost touching when she settled into place next to me. Almost.

Amber started pointing out some of the other youngsters who were trying their luck with each other at the singles night, and laughingly compared them to peacocks and peahens doing a mating ritual. We both laughed, and she turned to face me and explained that she preferred older guys anyway, as the young people that had spoken to her so far seemed insipid and immature. Looking straight into her pretty eyes, I told her that there are certainly advantages to age, that now I'm older I've lost the inhibitions and vanity of youth.

"Mmm, less inhibitions eh? And I bet that you are very experienced too aren't you Mike?"

"Well I'm not sure about that, but I know what I like." I slowly pushed my face forwards to kiss her. Rather than pulling back from me as I had feared she might, Amber smiled and lent forward also, and we kissed softly. Raising my hand I started to gently stroke her hair as I gently pecked at her mouth, tasting a fruit lip gloss. 

"You are a very attractive young woman Amber, why would you want to get into a situation like this with an old man like me?" I asked.

"Like I told you Mike, I don't care for younger guys, and Mum told me to go out, find a man and get laid. How about we head back to your place?"

I nearly choked at her direct approach "And do you always do what your Mummy tells you Amber?"

Amber blushed a little "Usually." she replied and I could see a devilishness in her smile "Mum's been very good to me over the years."

"Well I like her advice" I said and kissed her again, this time pushing my tongue into her pretty young mouth. She puts her arms around my neck and we snogged for a while, slowly pushing into each other. I lifted an arm between us and gently squeezed her boobs as I kissed her, confident we were in the shadows and out of the view of the young singles, and not really caring if they saw anyway. I was surprised and delighted at how firm Amber's big tits were, and she moaned softly as we continued to stroke her. Needless to say I was getting more than a bit hot under the collar and my cock was stiffening as we became more entangled.

I pulled back from kissing, looked into her brown eyes (that had just a hint of makeup accentuating their shape).

"Shall we go then?" I said. " I think that I should do what your Mum says too! My place is just around the corner." 

As we left the bar I held the door "Ladies first." I said and, again I got to see this beautiful plump young woman from behind, delighting in the view of her wide hips, big bum and chubby legs, picturing what I wanted to do to her.

I really do live only a stone's throw from the bar, and as we walked hand in hand Amber became quite the chatterbox, telling me more about her life with her Mum. Apparently there's never been a Dad on the scene, and Amber's Mum had not only brought up, but also educated Amber, as she was a sickly child and Mum didn't send her to school. Amber told me that due to this she has never really had any experience with boys, as even when she was 18 she took a distance learning degree rather than go to University, and she was now 23 and working in a maternity ward as a Healthcare assistant, so lived in a mainly female environment.

"So you see, you'll have to go carefully with me, Mike, as I have never been penetrated by a man." Amber said and smiled at me.

OH MY GOD! I thought - this was turning out to be a very surprising evening! "So, you're a virgin?" I asked, not quite believing my luck.

"Oh no I wouldn't say that Mike" Amber replied and sent me that devilish grin again "Mum's education has been, well, let's say thorough."

By this time, we had arrived at my door, so I logged this revelation away for future discussion, as I couldn't wait to get inside and get my hands all over this gorgeous and surprising young woman. I don't think that she could wait either, because as soon as we were inside my door she was in front of me, arms spread wide open inviting me to hug and kiss her properly. Without waiting to be asked twice I kissed her hard and long. My tongue was dancing with Amber's and my hands rubbing up and down her back as she pushed her chest into me. 

My hands have always had a mind of their own and in no time I was squeezing Amber's big bum through her skirt while I continued to kiss her with abandon. Amber's arms were round my neck and her perfumed smell along with the situation was intoxicating. My cock was, of course, loving this and as it grew stiffer I needed to adjust my trousers. When Amber saw me doing this she simply asked "Why not just take them off? Where's the bedroom?"

I gave her directions to my bedroom and told her to make herself comfortable as I was just nipping to the loo and would be there in a minute. In the loo I looked at myself undressing in the mirror, and literally slapped my own face to see if this was real or a (wet) dream. Seemed it was real, so leaving my clothes in the bathroom I took myself and my now rock hard 7 inch dick through to my bedroom, and beheld one of the sweetest sights I have ever encountered.

Laying on top of my bed, completely naked, was this young goddess. As I drank in the view I marveled at the mass of her soft white belly, her chunky thighs and hips, her beautifully formed tits that were large but also round and firm, topped with surprisingly small and deep red nipples. As she saw me enter the room Amber smiled at me and spread her chubby legs wide to show me her cunt, which was covered in a small thatch of dark pubic hair and I could see a glistening wetness on her cunt lips as Amber slowly inserted her middle finger into herself. "Come and join me Mike." she beckoned, "I've wanted you since you first brought that drink over."

Without hesitation I was beside her on the bed on no time, Mauling at her beautiful round boobs as I kissed her again and again. 

"Oh yeah Mike, treat them rough, I love it" Amber said and pushed her chest up as I pinched her hardening nipples and squeezed her big tits. I lowered my head and took one cherry red nipple, then the other into my mouth, sucking and biting them to full erection. Looking down I could see that Amber was still fingering herself, her finger was glistening with her own juices each time it emerged, and the aroma of her sex was intense.

Lowering myself and licking across her white belly I spread her legs with my hands and started lapping at her sex, and still she fingered herself. 

"I'm getting her ready for you Mike." Amber moaned as she continued to frig herself, me now licking and biting at her hard clit through the mass of hair. 

"Well I'm certainly ready for you, sweet Amber" I said and rising I showed her my hard cock, and positioned myself between her substantial thighs. Amber pulled her finger out of her slit and as I positioned myself ready to enter her she pushed her juice covered finger into my open mouth. She tasted divine and I sucked her finger as I slowly pushed my hard cock into her waiting cunt.

"Yes Mike - Take me!" Amber encouraged as I pushed my full length into her, slowly inching in so as not to hurt her. As I reached full penetration Amber looked up into my eyes and I could again see that devilish smile.

"Oh YES Mike!" she said, "Harder!" She had such a tight pussy, but her fingering herself had certainly done the job and she was well lubricated, and soon I was pummeling in and out of her like a locomotive in the missionary position, pushing my chest into her firm boobs and kissing her mouth as I felt her warm body against mine.

This was too much for me, and soon I felt the familiar tightening in my balls, signalling I was about to come, and quickly asked if she was protected.

"Don't stop now lover boy!" she replied, "fill me up with your spunk." 

I loved her talking this way and immediately started spurting my hot juice deep into her cunt hole, pushing in as far and hard as I could as I shot 4 or 5 jets of warm cum up into her. As I did so I continued to grind my tongue into her mouth and push my body against hers, delighting to have so much gorgeous young flesh pushing back against me.

As I took some deep breaths and flopped into her arms we relaxed, kissing each other ever more gently, Amber asked if it was OK for her to stay over.

"Of course, pretty lady." I responded, lifting a hand to her beautiful left boob and squeezing it "We've barely started here..."