 I first saw Jill behind the counter of a fragrance/lotion sort of store in the mall. I'd gone into buy some scented oil for my then-girlfriend and I to enjoy. 

Anyone would've noticed that Jill was good looking: Brown hair cut in a stylish bob, big brown eyes, and an impossibly cute smile. Of course I noticed, but I wasn't 'looking' because I was captivated by what I thought at the time was a pretty serious love interest. I told Jill that I was looking for scented massage oil, but I wasn't exactly sure...here's where my uncomfortable-ness in being in a ....how else can one say it?...a "girly" type store began to show....you know...the same feeling a man often gets when shopping for lingerie for his honey on Valentine's Day.

Thankfully Jill seemed experienced at making people feel at ease, or maybe she just took pity on me.

In her calming and friendly voice she suggested, " Why don't I just let you try out a couple of examples and then you can tell me which one you like best?"

"Yeah," (trying to sound cool) "That'd be great."

She gathered together a couple of small bottles. "Here give me your hand." She took my hand softly and turned it palm up. (You know how sometimes when a man and woman touch for the first time there's a sort of rush...not like a shock...but...)

"Try this one." She held my hand softly with one hand, and with the other gently smoothed on a small drop of lotion. ( I would've followed this woman anywhere!)

"Does your girlfriend ,"(The word brought me partially back to earth. Had I mentioned that I had a girlfriend?) "enjoy more floral scents?"

I looked bewildered. She smiled patiently. "Try this one," she said as she smoothed another sample onto my palm this time. (Oh my, I was hoping there were many many more samples to try.)

"Here, give me your other hand. Let's try one last one." I liked this one very much.

"Yeah, I really like this one," I told her.

"Hmmm, 'paradise musk'", she said looking at the label and then giving me a little smile . (Was this some sort of 'significant look'? Who knows. My senses were on overload, and I'm sure I was reading more into every gesture and tone of voice than what was really there.)

She found a bottle of oil, and the appropriate vial and mixed the scent into it. She then gift wrapped it and as she handed me my purchase added, "Come by sometime and tell me if you two enjoyed it." Hmmm. At this point I couldn't really tell if she was playing with me a bit and enjoying my shyness or if was she just being very friendly.

It turns out, in spite of my then-girlfriend and I enjoying a few occasions with the massage oil, the relationship was just not meant to be, and a month or so later, we had broken up.

Of course, in times of loneliness, my mind drifted back to Jill, the cute and sexy gal who'd so expertly guided me into the land of sensuous aromas. (Yeah, that sounds a bit overblown, but when you've just been hit with a breakup and you're left alone with only a bottle of massage oil for comfort, sometimes fantasies get a little exaggerated from reality.)

One day, I decided to take matters into hand (no, not in that way, that was the night before.) I decided to visit the mall and say hello to Jill. I browsed in what I thought looked like a casual way as Jill finished with a customer. I walked up and she smiled.

"Well, look who's here. Mr. Paradise Musk." When she saw that she'd stalled the momentum of my ...whatever my brilliant opening line was going to be, she added, "I'm sorry, I'm just playing. How did you like it?"

"Well, yeah, it was great but..."

"But?"

"Well, my girlfriend and I broke up."

"Ah."

"Yeah, well..."

Jill put that teasing look on her face again and said, "So, finding any other uses for that massage oil, cuz we usually don't do refunds on the unused portions."

By now I was enjoying her attentions even when that meant being the target of her teasing and just went ahead and asked what I'd come here to ask. "Jill, would you like to have lunch with me?"

This time I think I made her come up short. She hesitated, smiled and said, "Sure, but I don't even know your name."

"I'm Aaron."

"I would love to Aaron. Do you mean today? I take my lunch at one."

"That'd be perfect." So thus our romance began. A few great dates getting to know one another culminating in our first sexual experience. And this leads us to the story of our second time.

Jill had invited me to her apartment for dinner. She said she had a surprise for me that I was going to like. Of course my imagination ran wild. Surprises aren't always great, but she *did* say it was one I would like. I rang the bell. She answered. 

"You look so beautiful," was all I could say and I handed her the flowers I'd brought her. She was wearing a very pretty summer dress that was cut low enough here and high enough there to show off and frame her sexy body perfectly.

"I wanted to look nice for you," she said almost shyly as she took the flowers and hunted up a vase.

We had a nice light dinner, hared a glass of wine after and then she said, "I expect you're wondering about the surprise I mentioned." She reached into her purse and pulled out a colorful scarf. She saw I looked both curious and a little perplexed. "You have to wear this and follow me." She put the scarf over my eyes and tied it behind my head. I must admit, I was a little excited, and a little worried. We hadn't known each other all that long. Was she about to reveal something that I didn't *want* to know about her? Some deep dark secret? Or was this just part of the fun . Seemingly in answer to my not-too-serious worry of something 'sinister' going on here, she said, "Don't worry, it's no deep dark secret, just a bit of a treat for you...and maybe me too."

She led me up the stairs careful not to let me trip. I enjoyed the feeling of her arms around me, guiding me up the stairs , down the hall and what must've been her bedroom.

"Ok, play along with me here," she said. "Keep that blindfold on, but take off all your clothes." She must've seen my eyebrows raise even with the scarf over my face, so she added as she kissed me on the cheek, "C'mon Sweetie, there's nothing there that I haven't already seen."

I laughed and followed her instructions. She helped me and kept me from getting tangled up and falling over. She then guided me to her bed. "Here, crawl up here and sit cross-legged on the bed. I'll take off my clothes too......but no peeking!"

"Ah, you're no fun!"

"Oh, we'll see about *that*!" she said in her sexiest tone.

I heard and felt her crawl up on the bed in front of me. I also heard another sound, the rustling sound of a bag or something.

"Here, hold out your hand." The feeling of vulnerability coupled with Jill speaking in such a sexy voice was starting to get me aroused---ok, being naked on the bed with her, who according to her report was also naked had a lot to do with it I'm sure. I held out my hand the way I did when we had first met. She began massaging in a fragrant oil into my palm. "You like?"

"Mmmm," was all I could say.

"Now watch out now; don't spill. I'm going to pour some into your palm." She did so, and then gently guided my hand onto her breast. "Yeah, that's nice."

"Yes it is," I answered as I began to gently massage it into her breast, gently rolling the nipple between my fingertips and enjoying the feeling of her softness cupped in my hand.

"Do you like the scent? Breathe it in." I did as she asked.

"Now give me your other hand." I did, and she poured a different scented oil and guided it to her other breasts. Her breathing was becoming deeper and I could feel her moving nicely with my hand as it massaged her .

"Now here's the real test." I heard her shifting around slightly. "Identify this scent," she said as her fingertip brushed wetly over my upper lip. The touch and the scent made my hardening cock jump. 

"Mmmmm." It was obviously the scent of her own sex , her own wetness that she'd wet my lip with. "That's the best scent of all....your own."

"Ah," I could hear the smile in her voice. "You've won the best prize of all. Me!" she said with a small laugh in her voice. "But keep on that blindfold for just a minute more."

I could hear her maneuvering about on the bed, and then sort of guiding me above her. "Ok, stay right like that." I heard her digging into what I now realized must have been a bag from her store with the oils in it. "One more scent that I already know works for you."

I could smell the "Paradise Musk" as soon as she opened the bottle, and then, before I knew it, her hands were softly spreading it over my now very hard cock. She smoothed it up and over and began to slowly stroke it. "You like?" "You know I do, beautiful."

"And how do you know I'm beautiful? Take off that blindfold now."

She had positioned me right above her chest. Her breasts and the cleft between them were shining in the candle-light with the scented oils. My own cock was slick with the oil as well. 

"Here baby, slide that thing right in between my titties."

I did as I was told. She clasped them by their sides and pushed towards the center creating a soft and fragrant and severely sexy place for me to slip in and out of. My cock was buried in her softness.

"Yes baby, just like that."

"I like all of your beautiful surprises Jill"

"I thought you might."

I began moving with more purpose. She freed one of her hands, reached underneath us, and started softly massaging me right below my balls. I was lost in the sensuous moment. My cock sliding lost in the softness of her breasts., add to this the excitement of this beautiful woman below me and the stimulation of her movements below me, and I was about to lose control. Her oiled fingertip found my back entrance and teased and stimulated me there. The whole time I'm looking into her eyes as I'm rocking back and forth. She looked so sexy below me. Then she pushed gently. Her finger entered me and the climax I was holding back to make things last, got the better of me and I fell off the edge. I pushed deep into her cleavage. She pushed her finger deep into me. Her finger must have felt the climax that was pulsing through me. She whispered, "Yes baby, come for me." My body seemed overcome by all the stimulation, from the scents , the sights, the sound of her voice and the various stimulations she had going. I came long and hard, wetting her throat and cleavage with my warm semen. When my climax slowed, I sank softly onto her and enjoyed the post-climax warmth as she wrapped her arms around me.

"Ok, honey, after that, you *know* I'm in need of some attention too," she smiled a wicked smile, and understanding her, I let my kisses flow from her lips, down to her nipples and then began to move lower still. 

"Yes, that's what I need."

"Mmmmm, and I get to enjoy the sexiest fragrance of all."

*

I'm happy to hear your comments. You can send them to the address in my profile.