 Please read "The First Taste," which is the first one leading up to this. Believe it or not, all of this is based on real life. I hope you enjoy it, and I love hearing from readers.

*********

About fucking time.

It had finally happened – my roommate was leaving for the weekend. She had gone home for Christmas, same as me, and she had paired up with this guy she knew in high school. After finding this out, it took me about five seconds flat to call Matt and ask him to visit. It took him even less time to agree.

As I said, I had been home for Christmas, but we never really found time together. I have to admit, part of it was because of my love of teasing. But between family, friends, and both of us at home – let's just say finding time for a quickie was less than easy. Besides, I wanted a little more time to savor the moment – I didn't want to dine and dash like last time. This time, I wanted more than just giving him a blowjob.

So, I spent the week before his arrival shopping for clothes, tidying my toys, and studiously not masturbating – a hard thing for me to do, since I found it really erotic with a roommate sleeping. By the time the day rolled around, I was panting for it, but I knew he would be too.

I showed up at the station with one of my new outfits on. I had looked them over, and decided on a classic – one, as his friend, that I knew turned him on. It wasn't exact, but it was pretty close. I was wearing a navy and white plaid skirt that came just above my knees, a white cotton blouse with a few of the buttons undone and a navy sweater overtop, and shiny leather shoes. My long red hair was in a ponytail, and I wore very little make up, just some shiny lip-gloss. I looked like almost the perfect schoolgirl, with a couple of differences. Instead of socks, I was wearing long white lacy stockings. Most important of all, I wasn't wearing any underwear at all – no bra, no panties, nothing. Kind of cold, but that made me even more turned on.

Matt came off his train and the first thing he saw was me. His mouth dropped open and he wasn't able to speak for a moment. When he finally did, it wasn't very coherent.

"...Um… uh… Shannon? Hi. You look… wow." I smiled. That was the response I had hoped for.

"Come on, Matt. We have to take the subway from here to even get near the university. And I have a couple of errands, so we'd better get moving," I flashed him a smile and headed towards the subway. He followed, a little shell-shocked. We both managed to get onto a half-empty car and I made sure to sit across from him. He couldn't take his eyes off me, and I looked directly into his eyes, licked my lips and little, and uncrossed my legs for a moment. 

He immediately tensed and his eyes went wide. I wondered how much he could see, and whether he could tell that the little hair that I had left there was red as well. He stared for a minute and then crossed his legs – obviously trying to hide a reaction. I recrossed my legs and flashed another smile to a man in a business suit sitting near him who had caught the show as well. He was an elderly distinguished man in a gray suit, and after two seconds I could see a hard-on forming through his expensive pants. He quickly got off at the next stop, probably to find a restroom and get off for real. Matt looked at me and shook his head.

"You are such a bad girl," He smiled at me. "I can't believe I never knew that."

"Maybe you can punish me for it later," I whispered over to him throatily and watched him start. This was going to be a fun weekend. "Time to get off, we switch trains here." We both stood up. I bent over at the waist to get my purse, showing him my silken garters and the bottom of my ass. I could hear an inhaled breath from more than just him. Three teenaged boys were watching me with excited eyes, and there was a couple nearby who started to grope at each other. I smiled demurely and got off the train, Matt trailing behind, his eyes seeing only me.

"The next train is going to be a few minutes," I said to him, "Let's sit down." The only bench nearby had a couple and an older woman sitting on it, and there was really only room for one person. "Sit down, Matt – I'll sit on your lap." Matt didn't argue. I spread my skirt out and sat on his lap – the only thing in the way of us being skin to skin was his pants and his boxers. I settled in a little, and leaned forward to whisper into his ear.

"Undo yourself if you can… I dare you." He looked into my eyes and saw I was serious. We both continued to act casual, knowing there were lots of people around.

"When did you say the next train was coming, Shannon?"

"About five minutes, maybe." I felt his hand near his zipper… it was only about an inch from my moist pussy – I know he was aching to dip it in. He touched me lightly and I shuddered, trying to hide it.

"Well, I'm really tired." He let his finger graze by with promise for more later and opened his zipper slowly and carefully.

"Maybe we can sit for a few minutes and take the one after. Am I too heavy? Are you okay?" He was reaching inward through the hole in his boxers. I could tell he was already rock-hard.

"I'm perfect, Shannon, don't worry about me." He pulled it partially out, only a few inches, letting it touch my opening. "Is it safe here at night, Shannon? I mean are you protected? You have to be careful if you're a girl." I caught his meaning. I had gone on the pill three months ago and knew that both of us were clean.

"Of course it's safe during the day – I do my best to have the best protection: guys like you." He laughed.

"I should have known you'd be prepared for anything." He tickled me lightly with the tip of his cock, letting me feel it. I shifted my weight, plunging him into me briefly before moving back. I could hear his sharp intake of breath, and smiled. There would be more teasing to come. I leaned forward again, twitching my hips and fucking only the top two inches or so of his monster cock, not enough to pop my cherry, though I knew that would be done before the day was over. He tried to move forward to penetrate me further, but he was stuck. If he didn't want anyone to know what we were doing, I was the only one who could move.

"Hope the trains aren't as busy as in here, Matt." The girl from the couple next to us looked at me for a second. I wondered if she knew, but was too caught up in the pleasure I was feeling. Every time his cock touched me it left trails of fire all over my body. 

"You're right – there's so many people in a small area. It's really tight." I moved, letting his cock slip into me a little more, proving him right. He was the biggest thing I've ever had in me – I have a vibrator, but it's only a few inches small, just enough for a bit of fun. It was amazing – not only long, but thick, and I was happy to have a new toy. I started to thrust a little, and he closed his eyes.

Suddenly, the subway train came into the station, and I lifted off him a little. "We'd better get on it, we've still got lots to do before we get home." He looked at me almost unbelievingly, stifling a moan. I smiled and shook my head, and started to stand up, giving him little choice. He took the hint and managed to do himself up – I don't know how he'd be able to hide his raging erection, but frankly that was his problem right now. Personally, I was so wet that I was starting to drip. As I got off him, I rubbed my skirt into myself a little, getting turned on even more. Matt stood up awkwardly and we got on the train. While on it, instead of sitting on his lap, I sat across from him again, doing my Sharon Stone impression and teasingly crossing and uncrossing my legs. He groaned a little, and I smiled. This weekend was definitely going to be a lot of fun.