 The couple kissed eagerly outside the apartment door. It was past midnight, and they had met a few hours earlier at one of the city's Goth clubs. She was half a head shorter than him, curvaceous but not overly so, with shoulder-length bright purple hair in a high undercut. She wore a black vest top with a lot of zippers and small metal d-rings, and a matching short skirt. Studded bracelets adorned her wrists, and her boots were knee-high with five buckles in the back and a zipper along the side. He was tall and slender and had a longish a-line, dyed black, which was just beginning to curl at the tips. He wore a tail-coat jacket, adorned with chains on the left shoulder and skull studs in place of cuff buttons, a black shirt with a small lace ruff, a black brocade waistcoat and black pinstripe bondage trousers. On his feet he had soft leather boots with a short lacing at the top. 

Suddenly the lights in the hallway went out, and they both let out a startled laugh. In the dark, they kissed again, and she pressed herself against his body. He lifted her off her feet, pressed her back against the wall, and for a short while they were both kissing and grinding their hips together in the dark of the hallway. She could feel his breath quickening, and a brief moan escaped her lips. He let her down, and fumbled out his keys. 

"Wait. Inside..." he said. 

With a practiced hand he unlocked the door without bothering to turn the lights back on, and as they stepped inside soft lights came on automatically in the hallway. A short beep reminded him to switch off the alarm, and as she bent to pull off her boots he closed the door and sealed it with another code. 

"Rich neighborhood, this is. Can't be too careful," he explained. "Go inside, make yourself comfortable."

As he was busy pulling off his boots and hanging up his jacket, she walked into the living room, noticing again that soft lights came on automatically to give off just enough light to navigate the room without having to turn on the main lights. While the gloom obscured the details, she could make out large lounge suite with a low wooden table, a folding screen of what looked like dark wood, and on the other side of it a desk with a large computer screen. The long wall of the room was completely lined with bookshelves, two of which were fitted with glass cabinet doors. The room smelled faintly of incense. She walked over to one of the large windows and looked out over the city's lights. The house was tall enough that there were no windows overlooking this one, and between this side of the street and the other was a wide separator with two lines of ancient trees. The street lights barely penetrated their canopies from beneath. 

"Would you like a drink?" he said, as he emerged from the hallway. She watched his reflection in the window, and noted that he had dispensed with not only the tailcoat but also the waistcoat, and had unbuttoned his shirt down to the waist. A small silver ankh caught the light briefly. 

"Sure," she said. "What have you got?"

He ended up mixing them both a "tap-water mojito" , and soon Ian Curtis was mourning his way through 'Atmosphere'. Before they were halfway through the drinks they were kissing again, and his shirt magically disappeared along with her top. 

She was straddling him on the sofa, his hands cupping her buttocks through her skirt, when their lips parted for a moment and their eyes met. Without a word they left the sofa, and as he guided her up the stairs to the bedroom she deftly shed the skirt. The bedroom was smaller than she had expected, with room for a double bed in black 'wrought iron', two night stands and a dresser in some dark wood. A door to one side suggested a walk-in closet. She barely registered all this, as he was again pressing her up against the wall, supporting her legs on his own thighs leaving her feet dangling a few inches in the air. His hands were cupping her breasts, still covered by the black lace bra, and she could feel the bulge in his trousers against her own crotch, separated from him only by a few layers of silky, damp cloth. 

Suddenly he drew back, and met her gaze with a shrewd look in his eyes. 

"Do you want me?" he said.

"Yes! Yes..."

Then, you must trust me," he replied, and let her down on the floor. 

She felt briefly puzzled as he led her to stand in the middle of the floor, just in front of the bed, but let it go as he softly grasped her breasts from behind and kissed the back of her neck. 

"Hold still," he said, and she heard him open a drawer. She felt a short thrill of alarm as he put a soft satin blindfold over her eyes, but he told her to relax. She then felt him unclasp her bra, and her nipples that were already straining against the fabric seemed to spark when he slid off the bra and stroked them with the palms of his hands. She heard him move in front of her, and then his tongue began moving across her right nipple, over to the left and then draw a burning line up to her collarbone, before he moved in to kiss her until her knees became weak. Before she could recover she felt him attach a wide leather bracelet to each of her wrists. 

"What..." she tried.

"Sshh," he said, "don't worry." 

He moved in behind her again, and she felt herself becoming slightly disoriented from not being able to see. His hands cradled her breasts again, but didn't linger long. Instead, they started moving down along her body, until they found the hem of her black lace panties. They dwelled briefly there, as he kissed her neck, and then one hand moved around to cup her buttock while the other cupped her vulva. She shuddered instinctively. 

As he began to slowly move his fingers around in a circling motion at the front of her panties, he lifted his other hand and slowly slid his nails across her back. The sensation led her to shiver with pleasure again, and she fumbled behind her to find him. Her hand eventually found the bulge in his trousers, and as his motions created a rising tension in her she could feel the bulge becoming even more pronounced than before. Finally, he slid his fingers inside her panties, and pulled them down to her feet. As he knelt down to help her step out of them, he kissed her nether lips like he had previously kissed her mouth, and she nearly lost her balance from the pleasure. When she recovered, she found that he had put bracelets like the ones on her wrists around her ankles as well. 

"Now," he said, "it's time. I'll show you the way."

With those words, he began walking her, blindfolded still, through the room. She heard the opening of a door, and wondered why they were going into the closet. Then her feet felt a soft carpet, and when they came to a stop she could feel her knees barely touching some soft fabric, like a curtain. 

"Hold out your arms," he commanded, and as she obliged he fastened something to her bracelets. She could hear the tightening of chains, and her arms were brought high until she stood like a "Y" before him. Next, he told her to spread her legs, and again fastened something to her ankles. She found then that she couldn't move her feet more than a few inches. 

She was just starting to worry, when she heard the door of a small refrigerator open, and felt a quick breath of cold air against her skin. As the door closed, she heard the clink of ice cubes. 

"Are you afraid?" he asked. "Don't be. You will see..."

Again he moved close, and kissed her passionately. He then moved his attention to her breasts until she thought she would collapse from arousal, but the chains on her wrists kept her upright. Suddenly, a sharp, cold sensation made her gasp, and it took her a few moments to understand that it was an ice cube held against one of her nipples. 

Once the initial discomfort wore off, the nipple became even harder than before, something she could hardly believe. Without a word, he circled her breast with the ice, and then moved to the other until she moaned with lust. His fingers began exploring her wet fold, softly first but then more insistent, until her legs were shaking. Then, the unbelievable happened: He slid the melting ice cube down across her chest, over her stomach, until it met her hot, hot center. The shock was so hard that she gave out a cry, and grabbed the chains at her wrists for support. He let it circle her clit, once, twice, and just as she thought she would pass out he slid the little sliver of ice that remained into her. The orgasm hit her so hard that she screamed. As she came out of it, feeling the cold water dripping down her thighs, she could barely hold on to the chains anymore. 

She was still gasping, when he gently reached up and undid the fastenings to the chains, only to bend her forward at the waist and lay her down onto what seemed to be a padded table of sorts. She gratefully accepted the support, since her legs could hardly carry her anymore. He the proceeded to fasten her arms to another set of chains built into the table, making her resume the "Y" shape. He stroked her softly across the back, giving her buttocks a good squeeze in the process. 

He proceeded to fondle her gently from behind, as her private area was now fully exposed to him. Each time his fingers touched her labia she shivered. He also began using his fingers on her anus, very carefully at first but soon he had inserted a finger. This was an unusual sensation to her, and at first she felt apprehension, but the feeling blended too well with the shivers of lust that emanated from her vulva, so she swallowed her objections. 

Then he let her go, and she could hear the sound of sliding fabric. She realized that he must have removed his trousers, and a jolt of anticipation coursed though her. She heard him moving around, and then she felt something slightly cold trickle down her bottom. Again his finger found her anus, but this time that which entered her was a little bigger than a finger. The sensation made her gasp. She felt the butt plug sink all the way to its hilt, and its shape made it stay snugly in place. The she heard the unmistakable crinkling sound of a condom wrapper. 

"Oh god, yes...," she moaned aloud. "Please..."

"As my lady commands," he said, with a hint of laughter in his voice.

He positioned himself directly behind her, the table and chains putting her at a perfect height for him. He grabbed her by the hips and let the tip of his member caress her wet fold a few times, and then finally sank into her. Slowly, inch by inch, he entered, until he had sunk all the way in. She felt him rest there for a moment, and then move back out. Just as he was about to slide out of her, he thrust slowly back in again. By this time, she was emitting small, moaning noises, and grabbed the soft cloth cover of the table hard. 

From the living room, she was just able to discern Nick Caves gravelly voice begging God to save Tupelo, but she couldn't have cared less if she'd tried. 

Slowly, he increased the pace, until she writhed with combined pleasure and agony and pleaded with him to go faster, faster. Just as she was about to come, he stopped, and waited until the feeling passed just out of reach. This was repeated three times, and by this time she was gibbering incoherently. Her vulva felt like a canal of burning lava, and the pressure from the butt plug, instead of being a distraction, served only to enhance her pleasure and her feeling of being filled. Finally, just as she thought she couldn't take another second of it, he raised the speed of his thrusts like she had begged him to. He pounded into her so hard that she thought she would shatter, and the last thing she heard before the orgasm swept her into darkness was his voice, groaning out his own orgasm. 

She woke up lying in his bed, the black satin sheets clinging sensuously to her naked body, the city lights leaking in between the thick curtains. She didn't remember getting out of the other room, cleaning up or getting to bed, but somehow it must have happened, as she felt nice and clean now. She glanced over at the door to what she had thought was a closet, but it was closed. She could feel the comfortable weight and heat from his body behind her back, and she also felt a sweet ache in her abdomen. She smiled contentedly, rolled over onto her back and went back to sleep.