 Size six, black patent leather with high spiked heels, as I sat in my office the other day I knew a lot of women would love to be in my expensive shoes. I'm wealth and independent, and I have everything I want in life. As I contemplated my success, I had to admit that I really owe it all to just one man - Mr. James.

He was, and probably still is, a very attractive man with dark hair and golden eyes. He would have been somewhere around forty at the time I knew him, although he had the physique of a much younger man. He had a beard too, and I have always had a weakness for men with facial hair. 

It was my first semester at university and it couldn't have been more different from High School. Which is why, I suppose, I was so ready for what happened.

I remember well the funny little games we would play with each in his lecturers. Sometimes I would stare at him and lick my lips, he would look and stop mid sentence, and then he would smile and continue. Other times I would just sit there sucking my index finger as I listened to him and he would try not to get distracted. Once when I was bending over one of the desks, I looked over my shoulder and caught him checking out my ass. So I bent over a little farther – just for him.

I still remember the day our 'private lessons' began. I was in one of his commercial law lectures. It was an intensely boring and my concentration wavered and I found myself being constantly distracted by his handsome features. Mr. James kept glancing over at me in my little red skirt and long black boots, so just for the fun of it I deliberately crossed and uncrossed my legs a couple of times. I often used to enjoy silly little teases like that, and I suppose I still do.

He finished speaking then paused and announced, "Now, I want you all to write down an example of a void contract similar to the one I've just been discussing, and I'll mark them later."

I didn't have a clue. For several minutes I just sat there, leaning over my desk and fiddling with my hair, wondering what to do, then I had a wicked idea. I thought, why not have a little fun? So I wrote: 

"An example of a void contract would be a student having sex with her handsome tutor, in return for passing her in a test she would otherwise have failed. Sexual activity, although valued by most people, has no monetary worth. Therefore the contract, having no essential element of consideration, would be void under the provision of offer and acceptance as defined in the rules of contracts."

"The following day I attended another of his lectures. He said nothing about my paper so I assumed he hadn't read it, or perhaps he had chosen to ignore my silly little prank. However, after the class, as I went to leave, he grabbed my arm and told me, "Shonda, I need you to stay behind for a few minutes." 

He waited until all the other students had left, then he closed and locked the door before turning to me. I remember his expression was very stern as he pursed his lips for a moment before speaking. 

"You've been a very naughty girl, haven't you?" 

So he had read it! I felt my face burning with embarrassment. Why had I been so damned stupid? What had I been thinking? I began to worry that he might report me, and maybe have me expelled. I stared down at the floor. I couldn't bear to look him in the face, but I managed to stutter, "I'm so sorry, it won't happen again, I promise." 

"Now what would happen if that paper were to get into the wrong hands?" He asked me.

"I don't know Mr... James," I said, but I did. I would be in more trouble than I could possibly handle! 

To my astonishment, however, when I did look up he was smiling and flexing a long cane between his fists. 

"Bend over my desk," he ordered, adding, "there's really no need for anyone else to know what a silly girl you've been now is there?" 

I didn't know what to do. I was afraid he would show my paper to the bursar, or worse still my strict father who was paying for all my tuition and expenses, so I did as he told me. I held onto the back my skirt, and I bent over his desk. I knew he intended caning me, but to my horror he grabbed the hem of my skirt and pulled it out of my grip - right up over my ass. Then with just one quick jerk he had my panties right down around my knees! My mind raced. Should I just take the spanking? Well it was going to be either him or my father. Only my tutor couldn't cut off all my expenses now could he? I heard the cane swinging through the air, and then I felt a sharp burning sting as it struck my soft ass. I cried out, but he ignored my obvious pain. 

Again and again he struck me; at least a half dozen times. When he had finished, my face was wet with tears and my poor little ass felt like it was on fire. I stood up and rubbed my burning cheeks. Thinking I had paid my penance I pulled my panties up and smoothed my skirt down again. I turned to leave, but he stopped me. 

"I haven't finished with you yet. You're a very attractive girl Shondra. I would like to teach you things that will help you through life." 

I had no idea what he was talking about, but I was about to find out. 

"Kneel!" he commanded. I hesitated but then I figured it was better of co-operating with what ever it was he wanted, and so I did as I was told. 

Then I watched in complete and innocent awe as he unzipped his trousers and pulled his cock out. He had a full erection. It was the first time I have ever seen a man's cock in the flesh and I just couldn't help staring. 

You have to understand it was my first year out of High School. My education at Saint Mary's, an all girls' boarding school, had been very strict and old fashioned. Sure I had a little experience with the opposite sex. I had let the young maintenance man touch me under my blouse, and some times even let him put his hands down my panties. A lot of the girls had - he was so cute! Certainly too, sex was always a hot topic of conversation in the bathroom, away from where the nosey nuns lurked. This however was different, I knew instinctively that I was in for something new and very exciting. He grabbed a handful of my hair, and gently pushed my head back, then as if it was the most natural thing in the world, slid his warm cock between my lips. 

"Look at me," he instructed.

I obeyed and his smiling praise gave me a joyful thrill. 

No one had ever prepared me for the warm and salty enticement of a cock. I was so excited, I sucked with eager ineptitude. 

He gave my head a little jerk. 

"Don't be so anxious, my dear. Suck slowly to begin with." 

Fuck! His cock felt so good throbbing in my mouth but I did as I was told. My eyes locked on his face, watching him flush with pleasure – pleasure I gave him! Sucking gently at first on his cock head, I flicked my tongue in and out, and over it, discovering the shape and feel as I took more into my mouth. 

"Suck harder now, deeper, you know you can take more." He tilted his hips forward. "That's it. What a clever girl you are. Now use your hands." 

Gingerly, I ran my fingers over his scrotum and his eyes glowed down at me with approval. I could hardly believe it - that I was here kneeling at my tutor's feet with his delicious cock sliding in and out of my mouth. Feeling a little more adventurous, I cupped his balls in my hand and gently fondled them. They felt cool in my warm and sweaty palms. When he pressed his cock all the way into my mouth his pubic hair tickled my nose, and as it hit the back of my throat, I gagged and struggled. He watched me with those gold eyes of his while I fought to relax, to accept his all of his cock. 

Instinctively my other hand found its way down under my skirt, between my open thighs, and then inside one leg of my panties. I began to finger myself, gently rubbing my clit, then pushing two fingers deep inside my warm pussy. I was amazed at how wet I had become in such a short time. Of course I had masturbated before, but it had always been in my bed, late at night just before I fell asleep. This time however I was very alert to what was happening. Previously I had been in control, but now Mr.. James was. I felt my breasts heaving with each breath as my pussy began to tingle and throb like nothing I had ever experience before. 

Thrusting my fingers deep inside myself, I felt my whole body quivering as a rush of hot pleasure washed over me in an exploding climax. 

I sucked on his cock for several minutes more. I felt his balls begin to tighten, and his cock jerked just before he filled my mouth with his warm cum. There was so much of it; some dripped down onto my white blouse. I was worried it would stain, but of course it didn't. 

It was such a disappointed to feel his cock soften in my mouth. I wanted more. I am sure he sensed it too, because he stroked my hair and told me, "Don't worry, it will be good and hard again in no time." Then he added, "you're still a virgin aren't you?" 

I nodded; I felt a little embarrassed by his question. 

"Shondra, I want to teach you everything you need to know, but you need to trust me completely." 

Again I nodded. 

"Don't worry, just trust me," he continued, stroking his fingers down the side of my face. "Sex can be very enjoyable, but it can also be a very powerful tool."

I stood up, he looked down at me and grabbed hold of my ass, pressing himself against me and forcing my legs either side of his body as he sat me down on his desk amongst his books and papers.

I felt an incredible mixture of emotions as he began to fondle my breasts through my clothing. Then slipping one hand under my blouse, he unclasped my bra and began groping at my hardening nipples. Next, he slipped his other hand up under my short skirt. As he removed my panties the air felt cool against my warm skin. I was on fire. I wanted to tell him to stop, only I was afraid he might! 

I was so incredibly nervous - he was so incredibly calm. Placing his hands on the insides of my knees, he opened my legs wider, forcing my skirt up around my hips. He then leaned over and whispered to me, "Everything is going to be just fine. Just trust me." 

His eyes never left mine as his fingers traced their way up the insides of my thighs. I gasped as I felt him gently touching my soft inner folds and clit. No one had ever touched me like that before. 

"Now, doesn't that feel good?" he whispered, as he pushed his fingers inside me. 

I had I felt such excitement. The aching desire between my legs was nothing new to me, but having a man's fingers cause it sure was. Part of me wanted to push him away. What was it I was always told at school? Nice girls don't! Do what? Fuck? Have fun? I decided right then and there - I didn't want to be a nice girl. 

I smiled as I help him unbuckled his belt, and let them drop down around his ankles. He grinned and said, "You really want this don't you." 

I had always been so afraid of what my first time would be like. My slim fingers had always felt good, but how would a man's cock feel? 

It wasn't a problem. Mr.. James was patient, and by the time he had finished playing with my pussy I was ready to grab his big fat cock and shove it in myself, if he didn't’t. 

"Ah, yes my little virgin is so wet isn't she?" he teased. "Tell me what you want Shondra. Say it!" 

Say what, I thought? Say I want his big horny cock to fuck me? Of course that's what I wanted, but I just wasn't sure back then how to express it.

"Mr.. James, please show me how to be a real woman," I whispered, hoping so much that was what he wanted to hear. 

There was no need to ask twice. 

When he pressed his cock between my thighs, my whole body quivered with excitement. 

"Watch," he murmured as he looked down at his cock sliding inside me. “Watch your pretty little pussy take it." 

Fortunately I was good and wet, allowing him to slip in easily. 

"Ah," he sighed, teasing me with shallow thrusts, "Relax, it will only hurt a moment." 

He drew back a little, then thrust forward. It hurt all right, a sharp burning pain, but it quickly subsided and turned into indescribable pleasure; of being stretched by something so demanding; of nerve endings over-stimulated yet needing more. As he pumped me, driving that fat cock of his deeper each time, I couldn't hold back. Fuck, I didn't want to hold back. In that moment, I thought my entire body would explode. I screamed as I experienced my first cock-given orgasm. Never, ever, would I be the same again. 

He taught me everything I needed to know to be successful. How to suck cock, "Gently at first... That's it... Now use your tongue girl but not too much at first". How to fuck, "Good girl... Now tighten your muscles... Now relax them... Use your hips Shondra." How to use my fingers, my mouth, my breasts, my legs, in fact every part of my body. 

No pun intended here, but that man showed me how use my whole fucking body to get whatever I wanted, from any fucking man. 

He taught me things that have been far more useful than anything I learnt in his regular lectures. 

It wasn't however always easy. One evening we were just settling in for a lesson, when one of the female lecturers knocked on his door. Miss Schiavo, or Ms. Schiavo, as she preferred to be called my statistics lecturer. I panicked, but he was so cool, and knew exactly what to do. If we were caught in the classroom at that late hour there would have been many questions, so he had me hide under his desk. Clearly she hadn't come to discuss school matters with him. Maybe he had fucked her before, I don't really know. What I do know is, as I watched her unbuttoning her blouse, and begin talking about how hot it was, she wasn't referring to the weather. 

She had a lovely body underneath her dowdy trademark skirt and loose blouse. Her breasts were much bigger than mine, and I felt a little twinge of jealousy when Mr.. James told her how much he loved big tits. He managed to keep her away from where I was hiding, and although she couldn't see me crouching in the darkness under his desk, I had a clear view.

I tell you, the only way that woman could have been more direct would have been to just come right out and say – please fuck me? 

Mr.. James didn't need to be asked. 

When he pressed that bitch up against the storeroom door and began fucking her with her skirt hitched up around her hips; I just couldn't believe the excitement I felt. I had never seen two people fuck before. I could only see his back, but I knew exactly what he was doing with that big fat cock of his. 

Again and again, he slammed into her. Seeing his tight ass from behind rocking up against her like that, I had to fight the urge to just jump out and grab a piece of the action for myself. 

Instead, I spread my knees and pushed panties to one side, and then I began to touch myself. I know my breathing must have been very heavy, but they were too busy with each other to hear me. 

"Oh, you are such a hot fuck," she kept saying. "Fuck me harder you hot and horny bastard." 

And so he did. 

Later, when they moved over on top on the desk where I was hiding, I felt sure I would be noticed. 

Miss Schiavo began to throw her arms about, and then when she gripped the edge of the desk, her fingers almost touched my hair. I could smell that sweet musk smell of sex; I was so close to them. 

Mr.. James threw one of her black stockings under the desk. I'm sure he did it on purpose, just to tease me. It brushed gently against my face, before it dropped down onto the floor. Then I had a wicked idea. I picked it up, and stretched it between my legs, rubbing it backwards and forwards over my swollen clit. Closing my eyes and inhaled the sweet smell of sex, as I listened to their moaning, and used her stocking to masturbate. Biting down on my lower lip was the only way I could manage not to cry out when my pussy tightened, and I was forced into a hard and fast climax 

Afterwards he told me he had to fuck her, since she might have become suspicious if he had rejected her. I understood that, and anyway I didn't mind. I rather enjoyed watching them. 

The following day I had to sit though another one of Miss Schiavo's boring old lectures. It lasted an hour, but her slow monotone voice made it felt more like two. How was I going suffer her classes for the rest of the year? I had an idea. The class finished and as usual Miss Schiavo stood at the door as we all filed out. As I walk past her I let my breasts brush up against hers, I smiled and whispered to her, "It was just so hot yesterday evening, wasn't it?" I watched as her face flushed with embarrassment. It was wintertime. Nothing more needed to be said. I never attended another one of her lectures. The other students in my class were amazed when I passed my statistics unit with flying colors. 

So there were two subjects I didn't need to worry about. Now I could concentrate on the topics I found more to my liking. Well almost, I still had to pass business psychology. I was worried about that one, since I was having trouble understand many of the concepts. I mean, what the hell does Freud's theory on penis envy have to do with the corporate world anyway? I had my own view on that, but I knew it wasn't the same as what was in my textbook. The day I received my term paper back with a big red "F" on the bottom of the page, I knew I had to act fast. Professor Dirnemann was my tutor for that subject. He was an older man, quite possibly past his retirement. Overweight, balding, and always smelling of hair cream, this wasn't going to be easy for me, but I knew what I had to do. I would use the knowledge Mr.. James had empowered me with.

I entered his office and sat down. I purposely cross and uncrossed my legs, only he appeared to be too busy writing to notice. When he did look up it was to give me a curt, "Yes?" 

"Professor, I'm worried about passing this year, I... " I began, but he cut me off mid-sentence. 

"Well Shondra, I'm not sure what you expect me to do about that," he replied in a brusque tone as he looked at me over the top of his glasses. 

"It's just that I have a very strict father, and well... " I began to cry, taking extra care to make sure the lace on my bra was visible as my breasts heaved with each sob. 

"Tears won't help you pass; hard work and study are the keys to success. I'm surprised you think there might be an easier way. Now if you will excuse me, I have more important things to attend to." 

He sniffed and returned his attention to the papers on his desk. The arrogance of the man! I lose my temper; standing up I slammed my fist down on his desk. Let me tell you, that certainly got his attention. I leaned over and looked him right in the face and told him, "Well fuck you!" I didn't care. I didn't have a hope of passing anyway, or so I thought. 

"You're a very outspoken young lady aren't you Shondra? I'm not sure I like you're tone at all." 

"Well fuck you," I said again, "I don't care." 

His reaction however, was not at all what I had expected. His expression began to change from smug and indifferent to... I thought for a moment - submissive. 

"I'm sorry Shondra, I didn't mean to upset you." he said, and I was sure he cowered slightly. 

"Oh but Professor..." I was totally confused. I felt I needed to tell him I was sorry, if I was to have any chance of passing that unit, only he had gotten in first and was apologizing to me! 

My mind began to race. Yes, it all began to fall into place. Mr.. James had told me only a few weeks back, "Some men enjoy being sexually dominated by a woman. It can be a powerful tool of manipulation. Every man has his weakest kink," and we had both had a little laugh at his pun. 

I had stumbled on Professor Dirmemann's? I had nothing to loose, and everything to gain.

"Oh but you have upset me Professor, you have upset me very much." I said, pouting at him, and drawing on all my inner strength to keep up the performance. 
