 #8: Mirjam

It was a hot day in July when returning from another trip to France when I arrived for my connecting flight, like the other passengers I was ushered through to a small departure lounge where the other 50 or so passengers were waiting. The lounge was at ground level and made entirely of glass and inside it was as hot as hell. The were no seats available so I stood just inside the door after about 20 minutes the woman standing by the gate used the intercom to make an announcement, my name was called along with a lady's, Mirjam.

As I approached Mirjam (pronounced Miriam) was already standing talking to the woman, she was wearing a white knee length skirt with a conservative pale pink blouse carrying the jacket that matched the skirt. Mirjam was about 5'6" with dyed blonde shoulder length hair, her face was flushed but dainty with dark eyes. She wore very little make up which made it easy for me to place her age as mid 40's, despite her age she was no more than a size twelve and from her legs I could see that her body was firm still. I knew instinctively that we had been bumped from the flight and that the woman on the desk was passing Mirjam the hotel details and the compensatory local currency with which she could buy a meal etc. 

It was not the first time I had been bumped off a flight so I knew the drill I just took the money, confirmed which flight I would be on in the morning and collected the voucher for the taxi the airline would provide. As we had to be escorted back through the airport it gave me the opportunity to break the ice with Mirjam.

It was clear that Mirjam was none to pleased about having to split her journey, so I tried to pacify her a little by explaining that being bumped wasn't so bad, as we approached the taxi rank I said,

"Look,we are going to the same place,if we share a cab to the hotel,we can use my voucher on the way, and then in the morning,I can travel with you and save the cab fare,"

to which she agreed. In the taxi I sat facing the rear, while Mirjam faced forward, I overtly eyed her bare legs as they were extended towards me, the cab was air conditioned from the heat and after only a few seconds I could clearly see Mirjam's nipples standing proud against the silk of her blouse, on this hot summers day there was comfort in being bra less, I could barely take my eyes off the chest, the shape of her breasts were clearly outlined as the silk clung to them and even though she knew I was looking at her she made no effort to hide them, I knew then that this could be one of those lucky days.

Suddenly Mirjam broke the silence,

"I bet you would like to make love to me wouldn't you?" she said coolly

"I would,very much so" I replied

"Well in 3 chances if you can guess my occupation,you can have me willingly." Mirjam replied

"And if I lose?"

"I get the money which the airline gave you."

"It's a deal!" I said excitedly.

Mirjam leaned forward in anticipation of my guesses giving me a better view of her cleavage, which was still mainly hidden by her blouse. I Iooked her up & down and at the bags she carried and then said, 

"MD of your own company?" 

At which she shook her head and smiled in a relieved way, I took stock again this time noticing a small emblem on her bag, it was difficult to make out but it gave me an idea

"You are some kind of diplomat?" I said 

And her reaction was total shock, she could not hide the fact that she was indeed a diplomat and now she had a debt to pay. 

Make no mistake Mirjam was the kind of woman who had played this game before, probably many times, but never losing until now, so she was fully prepared for the price she had to pay. When we arrived at the hotel I checked in first and waited for Mirjam as we walked to the lift I asked,

"Your place or mine?"

As the lift doors closed behind us, Mirjam hitched up her skirt to her waist and bent forwards placing her hands on the lift wall as if she was being arrested

"Here!Then mine!"

I began to caress the cheeks of her tanned arse gently and only then realising that she wore no knickers either, she spread her legs slightly giving me access between her legs, I gently slipped my hand upwards between her legs, caressing the outside of her slot which was already damp and I could feel just the beginnings of a soft stubble of pubes which were just starting to grow back after a recent shave, as the lift slowed she moved pulling her skirt down in time for the doors to open. 

It took no time to find her room, it was just two doors from the lift and we stumbled in together, shutting the door as we went, once inside Mirjam stripped naked in seconds, revealing an all over tan and a body magnificent for her age, full breasts with tanned nipples, the legs of a 20 year old an a virtually bare pussy. I too was naked in seconds and I walked up behind her, without ceremony I reached around her waist with my right hand and began to rub firmly at her pussy while with my left I fondled her wonderfully firm tits while I kissed at the nape of her neck and shoulder. My fingers found her nub nestled high up at the top of her quim and with three fingers I begun rub it in a circular motion with my three middle fingers and with each rotation Mirjam was getting wetter and wetter. 

With my left hand I continued play with her left nipple to keep up the stimulus she had let me start in the lift, my shaft had been rock hard since we were in the lift and now it was pushed in between her arse cheeks with it's tip at the small of her back, Mirjam reached backwards with her right hand taking hold of my staff and began to wank me in time with my rubbing of her pussy, making me harder still.

As we were near the bed I moved sideways and tumbled onto the bed taking Mirjam with me, barely breaking contact I landed flat on my back with Mirjam half on her side and half on me, by accident we had found the perfect position for me to continue rubbing her clit and her to wank me, kissing as we went. Her juices were flowing well over my fingers and her left nipple stood high and proud, Mirjam broke off our kiss and began to shout:

"Ja!" loudly.

I intensified my rubbing of her clit and again and again Mirjam yelled, 

"Ja!" 

her clit was bullet hard so using Sean's technique (see #5) I pinched her clit between my thumb and forefinger before gently twisting it, then slipping three fingers into her entrance, she gripped my cock as hard as she could and her peak was reached, yelling, 

"Jaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" 

on the top of her voice, her love cup poured generous amounts of lady cum out through her lips and onto the top of my leg. Before her climax had subsided Mirjam moved, she positioned herself above me with her back to me, propped up by her arms and legs with her feet outside my thighs she reached down and took hold of my rod, then as she angled her hips downward, she guided me into her soaking tunnel accepting my 7 inches manhood without effort until she was completely stuffed, she adjusted herself slightly for comfort before beginning to slide up and down my manhood.

Mirjam's athleticism was remarkable as she began to ride me, each stroke took her from tip to hilt, between the gap in our bodies I could clearly see the top length of my cock glistening in it's covering of love oil from Mirjam. Her pace began to increase and once again she began to start groaning, 

"Ja!"

With each cycle of ride it increased in volume, by now her pussy was making loud squelching noises as her fluids created a suction between her cleft and my cook which was being broken by her movements. For some reason I can't fathom I slid my right hand down between our bodies, down Mirjam's back and down to her arse cheeks, then with one swift movement I pressed my middle finger up into her rear opening, immediately her head fell backwards, she drove downwards once more filling both her holes to the limit, by now the volume of her screaming had reached new heights and the loudest of all came in parallel with monstrous climax that seemed to last for a whole minute, spewing yet more of her fluids from her convulsing grotto.

Although Mirjam had reached her peak I wasn't quite finished, I sat up taking her bodyweight on my chest then whilst still penetrating her I pushed her forward, with her hips, knees and ankles all flexing in the same direction it was easy to make the transition towards the doggie, except I held onto her arms, Mirjam was kneeling in that position but I held her arms backwards behind her. The spread of her knees and hips gave me the perfect angle to drive in and up into her and with her arms held out straight behind her, her tits were being forced outwards.

Before she had realised what was happening I withdrew almost all the way before sliding all the way back in and high up inside her, she gasped aloud, but was helpless to prevent me from filling her again and again. It was my turn now to build up a head of steam and I began to pound her pussy from behind with long strokes, having barely recovered from her second big orgasm it was no surprise when her third began to build accompanied by her now familiar screaming.

I increased my pace and my 7 inch rod began to displace copious amounts of love juice from her pussy with each stroke, I could feel my cock preparing to shoot it's load and I stepped up the pace further.

"Ja,Ja,Ja!"

she yelled with each thrust until suddenly I exploded shooting a hot stream of thick cum high up inside her, which sent her over the edge once more and another shuddering orgasm mixed our seeds far up inside her welcoming body. 

I released her arms and she fell forwards onto the bed gasping for air, her arse still high in air, her quim still full of my meat, I gripped the base of my cock with my right hand and gently pulled out of Mirjam, thick globules of lady cum and spunk mixed together dribbling out over her clit, raising my cock upwards I held my end just above her starfish before milking the last of my spunk out over her arsehole and leaving it to dribble it's way down to her cleft. 

Suddenly I heard slow clapping and I turned to see a woman in a hotel uniform standing in the passage of the room with the door closed behind her, it was the duty manageress of the hotel. As Mirjam scrambled to cover herself with the duvet I was left kneeling naked, the manageress then spoke in accented English,

"Your,"

she paused for a moment looking for the right word, 

"Liaison,has attracted quite a bit of attention, many of our other guests have complained at the noise."

At this Mirjam blushed a deep puce red and the manageress continued,

"You are clearly both consenting adults, but please in future exercise maybe a little discretion or it will be most difficult to accommodate you both in future,Miss Van Bilt (name changed) please curtail your......enthusiasm for the benefit of or other guests from now on and you!" 

the manageress said addressing me directly

"I suggest you return to your room as soon as your modesty allows and then present yourself at reception at 7 sharp and ask for me."

Before I could begin to speak she was gone and the door clicked shut.

Neither Mirjam or I had any idea how long the woman had been watching, but it was clearly some time and after our initial embarrassment had faded we both descended into the giggles. Mirjam told me that a few times before she had made the same bet but had never lost, even though she secretly hoped she would, as I dressed to leave we again made our plans for the trip to the airport.