 #7: Carrie

In mid April I paid one of my regular visits to a well- known aircraft manufacturer in France to discuss further developing my business product range for use in a new aircraft, as was the norm I was there for three days and had checked into a comfortable hotel in the centre of the nearby city. 

After a day of meetings I returned to the hotel and showered before heading down for a drink and a light meal in the bar. Eating alone is a pet hate of mine but one, which I have learnt to deal with, so after ordering at the bar I selected a seat, near a window from where I could people watch while I ate. After eating I returned to the bar and ordered another beer, while I was waiting for my drink to be served I heard to sound of heels nearing, I turned and glanced to my left and saw a tall statuesque woman with shoulder length black hair speaking to two other men. Paying little attention I picked up my drink thanked the barman and headed back to my seat.

As I sat down I could see the woman approaching the bar, she was nearing 6 feet tall in her heels, she was wearing a grey pinstripe pencil skirt and matching jacket and her very curvaceous build was well proportioned to her height. I watched her for moment until the point she picked up her drink and then looked away. 

The time was nearing 6:30, a time when business people are just coming in and not ready to drink and too early for the tourists as well, so the bar was empty apart from me, as I glanced around again I saw the woman walking directly at me in a very confident manor. When she reached me she stood for a moment allowing me to look her up and down and clearly enjoying the attention. 

"Hi,I'm Carrie mind if I join you?" as she sat down. 

I could now see Carrie up close for the first time, I estimated her to be around 40, her face was pretty, with dark eyes, lipstick bright red with matching nails. Her jacket was open revealing an un remarkable white blouse, which showed off a discreet amount of her cleavage, which was deep & clearly ample.

I had hardly had time to speak when Carrie stated, 

"I hate drinking alone,don't you?" 

I replied in the affirmative and introduced myself, very quickly after that the conversation turned for our purpose for being where we were, which unsurprisingly was business. We both outlined our respective work before she really caught me unawares.

"Look, I've had a hard day,so lets cut to the chase,I need a good fucking this evening,do you think you can handle it?"

I was almost speechless at her candour but I wasn't going to pass up this opportunity, 

"I can definitely handle it" I replied 

"Good,don't disappoint me,room 221,20 minutes." 

Standing up she picked up her drink and headed for the lift.

Time seemed to standstill for those 20 minutes, I finished my drink and I began to feel a tinge of nerves as I waited, the thought occurred to me that she was a pro or would try and steel my wallet later, but she had asked me to her room so it seemed unlikely, but in any event I returned to my room left my wallet there before returning to reception and handing in my key as a precaution. After taking the lift I walked along the corridor to 221. As I approached the door appeared to be just ajar and as I tapped twice and it gave a little, a voice from inside said, 

"Oooo right on time,come in, and shut the door". 

Walking into the room passed the bathroom I saw Carrie standing next to the bed, she had her hands on her hips facing me, she was wearing only her heels and a white teddy, which was cut to the extreme at the waist leaving only about an inch of material at her crotch, with a low cut front. It was barely holding her breasts in place, which were a magnificent natural 38c. As I approached Carrie slipped the teddy off her shoulders saying, 

"You like?" as she did so. 

Revealing her tits to me, large pink aureoles about 3 inches in diameter carried massive nipples which stood to attention like dials on a DAB radio.

Without any ceremony I reached out and grabbed a breast in each hand and began kneading gently, taking her hand off her waist Carrie placed them behind her head in a classic topless pose, but in reality it gave me unrestricted access, pressing on and rubbing her nipples with my thumbs I began to stimulate them more until eventually I took her marvellous left melon in two hands and held it while I began to suck on her nipple like a hungry puppy. It became clear to me that Carrie liked to be in control, as I sucked and squeezed she began encouraging me,

"That's it,you play, play as much as you like!" 

As I switched back and foe and buried my face deep into her cleavage while squeezing her breasts on either side of my face. After a few minutes Carrie stopped me and began to undress me, shoes, socks, shirt & trousers were all gone in a few seconds until all that was left was my boxers with the tip of my staff trying to force it's way out of the waistband, standing in front of me Carrie asked 

"Now what have you got for Carrie?" 

before, with her palms facing each other, sliding her hands into the elastic of my boxers and down each side of my cock, pulling it free as she did so. Carrie was cooing as she revealed my healthy 7 inches and she began to run her index finger around it's tip as she murmured how pleased she was to have a serious tool to play with. My cock was already well oiled with pre cum and Carrie gently slipped by foreskin back revealing my helmet, looking me in the eye Carrie said,

"No man has resisted my technique before." 

She bent her knees and lowered herself down so her mouth was level with my end, she gently began to fondle my balls with her left hand before tightening her grip around the base of my shaft, the extra pressure making my helmet swell further as she began to lick it's underside and then upwards gently using her tongue to explore my end slot, then after a few minutes of exploration Carrie simply guided all 7" deep into her throat. 

The sensation that she had created on my end was exacerbated now as she began to bob her head up and down, almost immediately I could feel my knees buckle as the pressure of her sucking seemed to gather at my cock slot where Carrie and been tonguing me. 

Carrie then left go of my balls and cock and grabbed an arse cheek in each hand, which she then used to pull my hips forward forcing my cock deeper into her throat, I was helpless to prevent myself from coming any second and Carrie sensed it, leaving my rod slip from her mouth, she raised herself up slightly and enveloped my rod with her massive cleavage, then pushing at the side of each of her mammoth breasts she locked my cock in place and began to shuffle up and down, a whimper escaped from me and Carrie tucked her chin into her chest just in time to catch a plume of spunk as it blasted from my end and into her mouth, finally my legs gave way and I slid backwards down the wall breathless and I watched as Carrie used her hand to feed every last drop of cum into her mouth. When she had finished Carrie jibed,

"I do hope I haven't finished you off,I was so looking forward to a fucking."

I reached forward and pushed Carrie's shoulders and from her squatting position she easily fell backwards, her momentum causing her to end up flat on her back legs akimbo, where she had been squatting down the flimsy material of her teddy had been drawn up into her crack and her large cunt lips protruded either side of the white lace strip. Grabbing at the material I was surprised when it gave easily as the snap fasteners popped. Carrie had the biggest pussy lips and clit I had ever seen each of her lips was the thickness of my little finger and easily two & half inches long topped off with a half -inch clit, as with many women she was waxed clean except for a neat inverted porn star triangle pointing the way.

I grabbed the inside of each of her knees and pushed them outwards, as her legs spread further I could smell the sweat smell of her musk as I lowered my head into position and licked at her quim for the first time,

"Aahhh that's it lick me,go on I dare you lick me." 

I heard Carrie say as I began to seek out her most sensitive areas. It didn't take long her massive lips and clit, were real pleasure centres and within a few strokes of my tongue Carrie was beginning to moan and writhe as her stimulated sex began to leak it's nectar before I began to nibble gently on her lips causing her first serious orgasm. 

I continued to work Carrie's pussy and she began to caress her own nipples, I decided to give Carrie a dose of her own medicine, I pushed her lips together and sucked them and her clit into my mouth. I was holding them with the pressure required for a love bite before running my tongue over them, Carrie's body began to tense and she closed her legs around me trapping me between her large firm thighs, but I was determined to make her come, suddenly without warning she yelled aloud, her back arched and thick treacle of love juice oozed from her pussy and into my mouth.

I was determined not to let Carrie off easily she had been gently taunting me since we began, so I quickly moved my hands to a point where I could pin her hips to the floor, held firm Carrie couldn't move as I pressed my face into her pussy and forced my tongue right into her tunnel, licking deeper than normal, each time I drew breath my nose pressed onto her clitty. I could feel her body tense and an upward glance, was met by Carrie arching forward to watch me or so I thought, but she was so close to spending again she has tensed up in anticipation helpless to prevent the short sharp breaths she was taking. Juice had continued to seep from her love cup and my mouth & chin were covered with her seed and each movement allowed muffled slopping noises to escape this wasn't pussy licking, it was pussy eating, and I was having a three course meal. 

The pitch of Carrie's breathing grew higher until finally she could take no more and she came with the violence of an earthquake her body contorting and twisting trapping me between her thighs as she came.

Carrie had demanded a fucking earlier and she was about to get one, I was desperate to keep her arousal going, so I wriggled free, her flaps were bright red and puffy from the stimulation, their scarlet hue the result of the blood that had been pumped into them as a result of my sucking, instinctively I knew if I spread her wide I would lose peak, kneeling between her legs I grabbed her ankles and lifted them high before forcing them together. I now had Carrie's legs vertical so their backs faced me, edging closer I managed to guide the head of my now erect staff to the fold between her meaty lips, before pushing it all the way home. 

With her legs pressed close together her lips felt all 7 inches slide in, stimulating them as it went. Carrie moaned at the invasion of the tunnel, but I wanted her clit in play as well, releasing her ankles so they rested on my shoulders each side of my head, I leaned forward causing her knees to bend back towards her chest. 

Finally my cock was in the perfect place, it's top resting against her engorged clit, with her lips shut around it's girth, ever so slowly I began to withdraw, until I reached the point where I was in danger of slipping out, then with one motion I drove my cock downwards until it reached the hilt of her grotto, her thick soft cunny lips giving way to her sopping and over flowing cup.

When we first started our x rated liaison Carrie had wanted to be in control, now I was in control and I slowly began to work my rod in and out of her, as I pressed downward the backs of her thighs gave a little allowing me to work myself in deep, each time I felt as if her near vertical pussy was filling with juice until it could hold no more and it overflowed covering the tops of my thighs and spreading out over her arse as the pressure of my body forced it to spread out. By now I had a steady rhythm going and Carrie was moaning with pleasure as I rode her. Carrie had demanded a good fucking, so taking my weight on my arms I stopped briefly, withdrawing almost fully, then with massive force I pile drove my cock into her, she cried aloud surprised by the change of motion, over & over again I slammed into her a loud slap preceding her cries as my groin came into to contact with the backs of her thighs. 

I knew she would not be able to resist the climax that was building in her for much longer, the severity of my assault on her quim made that impossible, I just need to stop myself from coming before her, she tried to arch her back but my weight prevented her, this was it she was coming, I raised my hips pulling my staff almost out of her, held for second and drove downwards, Carrie's inner muscles clamped around my cock like a vice causing me to come instantly as she too convulsed as she spent uncontrollably. Breathless I pulled out of Carrie and slumped on the floor as she lowered her legs I could clearly see my come mixed with her juices oozing out between her massive puffed lips as she lay almost motionless on the floor.

After a few minutes I arose & dressed, Carrie simply propped herself up on her elbows and watched me, naked apart for the white teddy, which had gathered above her waist, I turned to her and said

"Well did you get a good fucking?"

"I got what I wanted and more." she replied.

With that I opened the door and left, I retrieved my key from reception and headed for my room and a shower.