 Night had passed slowly for Amber; she had been too excited to sleep. When the alarm went off, she headed for the shower. She let the warm water beat on her back, relaxing her tense muscles. She couldn't help feeling like a kid again. She had always loved English classes and now to be taking a creative writing class, she could hardly contain her excitement. 

Slipping out of the shower she dressed quickly, nothing fancy just a black miniskirt, white blouse and her black knee high boots. She tossed her hair up in a bun while she put her make-up on. She decided her hair didn't look so bad that way. Maybe she'd wear it in a bun more often. Grabbing her keys off the end table, she picked up her backpack and headed out the door. 

Amber found her way to Room 107, no problem. She took a seat in the front row, so she'd have a clear view of the blackboard. The room began to fill up rather quickly. When the clock over the door reached 9:30 the teacher entered the room. He was very handsome, tall with dark hair. He reached the front of the class and everyone settled down. He introduced himself as Professor Michael Stansman. He started at the end row and began passing papers back. After five rows, he was standing right in front of Amber. She noticed he was not wearing a wedding ring. She smiled up at him when he handed her the papers. He smiled back before heading to the next row. He had a beautiful smile, soft looking lips, and straight white teeth. Amber was feeling a little flushed. The rest of the class hour passed with Professor Stansman explaining the syllabus and his expectations. Amber was trying her best to hear all the words coming out of his mouth but instead she found herself focusing on his mouth and the way it moved as he spoke. 

The two-hour class flew by and when he released them for the day, Amber was sad. She reluctantly picked up her books and put them inside her backpack. Professor Stansman was standing behind his desk, shifting his papers. Amber slowed her pace hoping to be able to walk out with him but soon realized the he had another class coming in. Disappointed she stood up and bent over slowly to pick up her backpack, knowing that the skirt she wore was short when she bent over, but not too short. She lingered for a moment then stood back up. When she looked over she saw his eyes quickly jump from her then back to his papers. 

Amber smiled and said, "Good-bye, Professor, see you next week."

"Oh, yes, see you next class," he stammered a bit. 

Amber's week passed by so slowly, she couldn't get Professor Stansman, Michael, off her mind. The night before creative writing was to meet again she sat down to get her homework started. The first assignment made her laugh; he wanted them to write about what it would be like to be a tree. The syllabus stated it only needed to be a couple paragraphs long. She thought about it and decided to become a cherry tree. After, crumpling about seven sheets of paper she felt she had a good start.

My blossoms have come in to full bloom and the light breeze of the spring air tantalizes me. The robin returns to the nest she has made in my arms. I cradle her lovingly. My roots are buried deep in the moist earth, holding me firmly. I stand erect toward the center of a park. Our park is partially secluded by the larger elms that guard its perimeter. The shelter brings people out to enjoy the serenity of the area. I love the position I hold within our park. I can see everything from my location. 

It's getting late and a young couple makes their way into our sanctuary. He leads her by the hand to the ornately carved cement bench next to me. I hear him whisper to her, but am unable to distinguish the words being exchanged. She giggles and I see the color of her face change to a pink slightly darker than my blossoms. He scoots over and embraces her. She lifts her face up to him and he kisses her passionately. I see her relax in his arms. He begins to unbutton her shirt, I hear her sigh. He guides her down onto the ground at my feet. I can see her young breasts, firm and attentive. He positions himself over her and again whispers to her. I strain to hear the words being exchanged between them but cannot. She gasps as he unites with her. I wave my arms above them my blossoms blanketing the young lovers. I love spring.  

Amber giggled devilishly when she read it back. She put the paper in her folder and left to meet her friend, Tasha, at Big Ed's Saloon. Tasha was waiting at the bar when Amber arrived. She walked over and sat next to her friend.

"Hey you," Tasha said turning on her chair to face Amber.

"Excuse me," Amber raised her hand to grab the attention of the bartender. "Can I get a Jack and Coke, please?"

The bartender nodded at her and set about fixing her drink.

"So did you get your assignment done?" Tasha questioned then she took a long gulp of her drink. 

"Oh, yeah," Amber laughed, "Professor Stansman is going to love it," the sarcasm evident in her voice.

"What did you do, Amber?"

"What me... nothing," she smirked. The bartender set the drink in front of Amber and she winked at him as she lifted it.

Tasha gave her a sidewise glance then let out a laugh, "You are so bad."

"It's good to be bad," Amber downed the first drink and motioned again for the bartender.

Amber arrived a few minutes early for class, hoping her professor would already be there, but she had no such luck. She took her place at the front of the class and settled into her seat. She'd decided to spice it up a little today. She'd chosen her pink and black plaid miniskirt, garter style black stockings, and a pink tank top which was just low enough that when she leaned over to write something on her paper, her cleavage could be glimpsed. She was pleased with the look when she'd inspected herself in the mirror this morning. The other students made their way in to their seats and right on time, he appeared. He wore a light blue polo and black slacks. He began class from behind his desk but soon was standing in front of it, legs crossed. Amber noticed as he stood there lecturing that his blue shirt really brought out the blue in his eyes. Every time he looked in her direction, she made a point of smiling, or shifting in her seat. Her skirt would ride up from time to time exposing the skin of her thigh where the stockings stopped. She caught him looking at her a couple of times, which caused him to quickly shift his gaze. Right before he dismissed the class, he instructed them to pass their homework forward. Amber turned in her chair to get the papers from behind her, allowing her skirt to ride up even higher. When he reached her row, she leaned forward a little and handed the papers up to him, a seductive smile on her face.

"Thanks," he said, taking the papers.

"My pleasure," she responded softly.

He quickly went to the next row but occasionally she caught him looking back at her while he waited for the papers. As the class began to empty, Amber performed last week's ritual of bending over to get her bag. As she left the class, she stopped at the door and said, "See you next week, Professor, and hope you enjoy my story."

Once again it was Sunday night and Amber pulled out her English folder to see what her latest assignment was. 'Describe in detail a fond childhood memory,' she read and immediately she knew the perfect memory.

My fondest childhood memory was of this boy Mark that I was dating in ninth grade. We had been dating for about 9 months. He was sweet and fun to be around. I was his first girlfriend and he was my first boyfriend. All these feelings were new and it was exciting to be 14 and in love. We had been going together longer than any of our friends who were going steady. 

One day my best friends Beth, Chris, Jackie and I were talking about how far we had all gone. Beth had let Sam put his hand up her shirt. Chris had let John touch her breast without her bra. Jackie had not let Eddie do anything but kiss her. Then all eyes were on me. I cleared my throat and informed them that Mark had sucked on my breast. They all gasped in shock. I told them how nice it was to feel the warm breath on my nipples. I described how hard my nipples got when he would run his tongue gently over them. Then I had a great idea. 

"Let's play a little game," I challenged the group, "Let's see who has the nerve to perform certain tasks."

"Like what," Beth asked, smiling.

"We will decide what the task will be and when we meet the following week, we will exchange the details, and see who actually completed it," I instructed to the eager looking group, except for Jackie.

"How do we make sure no one is lying," Chris smirked looking at Jackie.

"Hey, I don't lie," Jackie snapped back.

"We will have to take everyone on their word, "I said unable to think of a sure way to prove it.

Our first task was to let our boyfriends see us completely naked. My parents were going out for the night and I had to baby-sit my brother, but he was going to bed at 8:00 pm. I invited Mark over at 8:30pm. He arrived and I was so anxious my palms were sweating. I brought him into my room. I pushed him onto my pink ruffled canopy bed and locked the door. The look in his eyes was that of shock. I slowly unbuttoned my shirt, and then removed it revealing my pink lace bra. I reached for the button of my jeans and soon had wiggled out of them. Mark's eyes were the size of basketballs as I stood there in my bra and panties. I then turned around and slid the straps of my bra off my shoulders, unhooking it letting it fall to the floor. I was getting really excited imagining what he was thinking at that moment. I reached for the waist band of my panties and they soon joined the rest of my clothes at my feet. Mark did not say a word, but I heard a gasp escape him when I turned around to face him. I made my way to the bed and he reached for my hand. I lay down beside him and his shaking hands began to explore every inch of my body. I reached over and felt his jeans; I could feel he was hard. I unbuttoned his jeans. He grabbed my hand and looked me in the eyes. 

 "Are you sure," his voice was tender yet eager.

"I think so. Don't you want to?" I replied, worried that the moment would pass.

"You know I want to but I want you to be okay,"

"How about we just explore each other but don't actually have sex," I offered.

"I will try," he sighed.

We laid there for 2 hours becoming intimate with every part of each other. Finally, he put his finger gently into me, afraid he would hurt me. I like the feel of it, so I rubbed him until he came. He was so sweet and tender toward me. That is why my memory of Mark and that night make up my fondest childhood memory.

She put her paper away and climbed into bed. She wasn't sure if it was the excitement of recalling her first time naked with a boy or the anticipation of Professor Stansman reading it, but she was getting very wet. She reached into the cabinet above her bed and pulled out her little pink vibrator. Putting it aside she removed her clothing and settled into her bed. She turned the vibe on and placed it at the opening of her pussy. She was so damp now that it slipped right in. She pictured Michael standing at the front of the room, looking at her. The orgasm within her was building rapidly. He would reach out toward her and take her hand, pulling her into him. She could feel the bulge in his slacks. She wanted to touch him, handle him, and please him. She unbuttoned his pants and reached in to free him. She came in a gush when she imagined his cock being exposed to her. Panting and feeling fulfilled, she put her toy away and slipped her tee shirt back on over her head.

It was a new school day and Amber was still thinking about her fantasy from the night before. Michael entered the room and Amber could feel herself growing warm and wet. She shifted in her chair. Class was torture; she was all worked up and was unable to really concentrate. As he approached to collect their papers she dropped her pencil in front of him. She went to rise to get it but Michael was already kneeling down for it. Amber uncrossed her legs, and she saw him take a quick peek. He handed her the pencil and turned away abruptly.

"Okay you are excused, don't forget your assignments for next class," he announced placing the collected papers on his desk.

"Miss Robbins, I need to see you for a moment," he said with a note of authority in his voice.

Amber's heart skipped a beat. She remained in her seat trying to regain her composure before the last of the students left. When everyone was gone, he turned on her. 

"What are you trying to do," he snapped at her.

"What do you mean, Professor," she tried hard to act shocked.

"Your writing assignments are not acceptable," he said sternly, his face turning red.

"You said to free our minds and write," she said innocently. "That's what I did, was it bad?"

"Your writing is very good but extremely inappropriate," he could not look her in the eye.

Amber rose from her seat and walked toward him. She was very horny; she couldn't get the images from her fantasy out of her head. She stopped right in front of him. He looked up at her and their eyes met. 

"I have another class in here, in 15 minutes," he informed her glancing toward the door. Amber stepped in closer to him; she could smell his cologne, an intoxicating aroma. She wanted to reach out and fulfill her fantasy.

"I have office hours on Wednesday's from 12:00pm -- 2:00pm," 

"Well, I guess I will have to come by your office to discuss this further, Professor," Amber stepped back as she heard the doorknob being turned. A sigh escaped Michael's lips. Amber reached over for her backpack and strutted out of the class. 

Wednesday morning, Amber got up early showered, shaved, and did her hair and make-up. She was so excited to see her professor. She pulled up at the campus at 11:30 and decided to walk around campus while she waited for noon. She wondered to herself Do they know what I am about to do? The thrill of him being her teacher was making her hornier than she had ever been. A tall, dark haired boy walked by and gave Amber a double take. Does he know I am not wearing any panties? She smiled and continued to make her way around the campus. Tim, a boy she dated last semester was coming right toward her. Oh Shit! I don't have time for this. 

"Hi, Amber," Tim said waving.

"Hi," she replied quickly.

"You look amazing," he let his eyes scan her from head to toe.

"Thanks. I'm sorry but I am kinda in a hurry. I have an appointment with one of my professors. I am not doing so well in History."

"Okay," he said looking like she just smacked him, "Do you want to go out sometime for a drink?"

"That would be nice, call me. My number is the same," She said looking down at her watch. "I really do have to get going though."

She rushed away from him, her anticipation mounting. She reached his office right at 12:00 pm. She knocked lightly on the door at first. When there was no answer, she got really nervous. What if he changed his mind?  She began to feel really dumb; she knocked on the door but this time a little harder and heard movement. She took a deep breath and the door opened. He looked around and invited her in. He offered her a chair, which she took, afraid her knees would buckle if she remained standing. He looked nervous as well; he reached for the doorknob and locked the door.

On his way back to his desk he stopped above Amber. She looked up at him and he cupped her chin in his hand. She liked the warm feel of his skin. He let his hand slide down her neck and he stopped just short of reaching her exposed cleavage. Amber leaned back and took a deep breath to push her breasts up toward him. Michael dropped to his knees and took her face in his hands. Amber's body quivered with his touch. He held her face there a moment not kissing her just looking deep into her soul. When he finally let his mouth touch hers, they both felt the intensity of it. He moved so that he was in front of her. Amber spread her legs inviting him to get closer. Michael glanced down and she saw his surprise.

"You are a very naughty girl aren't you," He laughed.

"Of course," Amber smiled and slid down in her seat.

She unfastened his shirt buttons. When she opened it she found a very sensual chest, bare with inviting nipples. Then she reached down and unbuttoned his pants. She found the zipper and lowered it slowly; she could hear his breathing change. She slid her fingernails down into his waist band and lowered his pants to the floor. He stood up quickly to get his pants off. She was admiring the formfitting boxer briefs he was wearing then he lowered those and revealed a very impressive cock. She reached out to take hold of it. She watched as he closed his eyes. She ran her hand up and down the length of his shaft, he moaned softly and pushed closer to her. She released him from her grip and put her hand out to him. He took her hand and helped her up. She unbuttoned her shirt and tossed it on the floor. Her black bra was completely see through so he was admiring her breasts when she unhooked it and let it fall. He reached out and cupped her breast then his mouth found her nipple and she gasped. He licked it lightly sending jolts of pleasure through her body. Amber was now squirming; she wanted him to take her. She turned around and he wrapped his arms around her. She could feel his cock, hard in her back. Michael kissed her softly on her neck and she pushed back against him. "I want you in me," she gasped.

Michael moaned and eased her over his desk. Amber moved his papers out of the way as he positioned himself at her opening. Michael with a firm hold of his cock ran it the full length of her, from her puckered asshole to her soaking wet clit. Each pass he made over her sensitive areas made her groan and buck backwards.

"Stop teasing me," she cried through excited breaths.

"Oh, don't like to be teased, huh?" Michael laughed and continued to torment her.

"Please...put your cock inside me," she begged.

"Are you going to be a good girl," he asked in a low sexy voice.

"Yes, I will be good. I promise, just fuck me now."

Michael pushed into her slowly. He savored the feel of her warmth as it enveloped him. Her muscles grabbed him and held tight. He tried to establish a slow entrance but Amber slammed back and swallowed him deep into her. Michael knew that what he was doing was wrong but she felt so good as she contracted her muscles squeezing him tighter. He moaned and began to thrust in and out of her. 

"Fuck me hard, Professor"

Michael slammed his cock into her. She screamed. He quickly put his hand over her mouth.

"You have to keep it down. There are people right outside that door."

Amber nodded and he released her mouth. 

"I'm sorry. You just feel so good in me. I want you to fuck me harder," she panted.

"You are a naughty little girl aren't you?"

"I am very bad," she glanced at him over her shoulder.

Michael smacked her on her exposed, milky white ass, "Bad girl."

"Ohhh yesss."

With that kind of reaction, Michael brought his hand down again on her soft ass, "You are a naughty girl."

"Ohhh yesssss"

Michael's force was a little stronger this time when he made contact with her, "Naughty little slut."

"Ohh my goddd, I am going to cum," she threw her head back, her long hair softly grazing his chest.

Michael was so turned on by how excited Amber was that he felt his orgasm building. He looked down on the red area of her tender white ass and could not hold out any longer.

Michael's pace increased as he slammed her repeatedly into his desk. Amber buried her face in her hands and moaned loudly. Michael knew she had achieved orgasm. He could feel the muscles within her contract and release his hard cock, rhythmically. He allowed himself to cum with such intensity that his legs almost gave out on him. Michael wrapped his arms around her and held her tight as they tried to regain their breath. She turned her head back toward him; his soft lips met hers. Michael lingered on her mouth; he didn't want to break their embrace.
