 It was a bright sunny morning and Sunny was cruising down the 405 on her way to Laguna Nagel. This was ultra early for Sunny but she was actually looking forward to a quiet weekend at the mansion owned by her friend Laura's parents. All the hustle in LA was just getting on Sunny's nerves and besides that, she really wanted to work on her tan. Laura had called her earlier on her cell phone to let her know that she would be a little late. That was no surprise to Sunny because Laura was spacey like that. 

Laura told Sunny, just to go to the house anyway. She said her father and her brother would be there. Her mother, she said, had been on a vacation in Europe. Sunny was not too thrilled but what choice did she have, but to drive on? 

Sunny finally made her way from the security gate and pulled in to the driveway of the large house. She didn't know what Laura's father did for a living but he was make a lot of money. Sunny wondered why Laura even had or wanted to work at all. Sunny went to the back of her trunk and pulled out her suitcase and then made her way to the front door. She rang the doorbell and after few moments, it opened. A very tall, older man answered the door. Although he was was older, Sunny thought that he was handsome and distinguished. He reminded Sunny of Harrison Ford, except he was so tall. He had to be at least 6'4" and looked like a giant to Sunny. It must be Laura's dad, she thought, that must be where she gets her height.

"Well hello," he extended out his hand "My name is Neil, I'm Laura's father and you must be Sunny, I've heard so much about you. Come in! Come in!." He grabbed her suitcase for her and motioned her to come in. " Thank you" was all Sunny could say at that moment because she was still overwhelmed by the house and surprisingly, Laura's father. He is a really good looking guy, Sunny thought.

"Laura called earlier and said she was running late. That's my daughter, always running late" he laughed. Sunny said "I know, she called me in the car earlier too."

"Well let me show you to the guest room Sunny" he said and led her up some stairs and down a hallway. In the middle of the hallway there was a large open door and inside there was a large screen TV on the wall. To Sunny, it looked like a video game was being played. Neil stopped in front of the door and yelled out " Joseph! Say hello to our guest." A figure then stood up from behind the sofa. He was a younger, lanky, awkward version of Neil. 

"This is my son, Joseph." Neil said, almost disappointingly. 

Joseph said "Hi." Neil went on. "This is Laura's friend Sunny, she'll be staying with us for the weekend."

"Ok" Joseph answered. Neil stepped away and continued on "Teenagers...at eighteen, when I was his age, I was playing football. This one, he just plays video games all day. Jeez." He then opened the door to the guestroom. It was beautiful, it was bigger than her entire studio in Santa Monica.

"Well this is it." He looked at Sunny. " I hope you enjoy your stay here." Sunny looked at him, "Oh thank you, I think I will." 

Then he added, "You will join us for dinner tonight won't you?"

"Sure" Sunny answered.

"That's great. I actually have to meet some friends for golf right now but I really look forward to talking and getting to know you. Laura says you're a great friend and I'm glad she has those because I do worry about her living in LA." Sunny wasn't sure how to respond so she just smiled. 

Then Neil added "So Sunny, are you Japanese or...?" Sunny got that a lot, so she just said, "No I'm Korean."

"Oh I spent about two years working in Korea, years ago of course."

Sunny thought that he is probably another white guy with an Asian fetish. That didn't bother her though, especially since she had a fetish for tall, handsome white men, "Oh then" she added, " You probably know more about Korea than I do, I was born here and have never been."

"Oh really? I see...that's great. It's a great place. Wonderful people...well listen I won't hold you up, so please make yourself at home and if you need anything, just ask my son, Joseph."

"Okay. Thank you." Sunny said in her nice little girl voice. Neil left the room and Bobby thought 'Oh yeah. He wants me.'

So later, after finally settling in, Sunny changed into her new black bikini and made her way outside to the pool. She set down her glass of diet Coke and sat down on the reclining chair. Sunny lay on her tummy and rested her head in her folded arms. Sunny took a deep breath to relax when suddenly she got the feeling that she was being watched. She knew that feeling well and she was right, because just beyond the bushes by the pool, Joseph was there with his hands under his shorts, watching her and stroking himself.

She looked so hot, he thought. Even though she was small, she had such a great little body. He couldn't keep his eyes off that little ass. So perfect and round, he thought and she had the smoothest skin. Just watching Sunny lying motionless, gave him a raging teenage hard on. It didn't take long before his hand was in his pants. This was better than watching porn in his room he thought.

"Oh God" Sunny said out loud. Would she ever just get a chance to relax? She thought. Not even out for five minutes and now she has to be the object for a peeping teenager. Sunny let out a sigh and got up, there was only one thing she could so she could relax in peace.

Junior got nervous as she was getting up. Did she see him? Did she know?

Sunny went though the bushes and went straight to him."Ok....get over here and let's take care of this so with can both get on with our day" Sunny said matter of factly. Joseph nervously walked up to her, "What...what are you going to do?" he asked. Sunny got down on her knees in front of him, unzipped his shorts and said "what do you mean? I'm going to jack you off dumb-dumb?" 

"Really...?" he asked, but before he could say more, Sunny had already grabbed his cock and was pulling it out of his shorts. "Oh my God..." Sunny let out as his cock fell out of his shorts like a big overstuffed sausage. 

Sunny was a little surprised by his size, for his cock was at least a good eight inches with plenty of girth, it did start to make her a little horny as she thought if Junior here was a chip off the old block then what did the block look like? This fascinated her because she had never seen a cock as big as Junior's in real life and wondered whether something this size would even fit inside her. She looked at it curiously. Semi-erect already, Sunny could feel it stiffening up in her hand, and ever so diligently, she began to stroke it.

In the midst of Sunny's gentle stroking, she glanced up at him," Ok you know this is only going to happen once right?" "Y..yes...I understand." Junior stammered. He couldn't believe this was happening, and neither could Sunny for that matter but this was probably the only way she was going to be able to get her suntan without being stared at all day. Obviously, she knew this kid had some pressure that needed to be relieved. A little hand job wasn't going to hurt any one, she thought. It might even be a little fun and Junior...well...she was quite certain he was going to enjoy it.

So Sunny kept at it and even brought up her other hand to assist. This was a huge dick. "Can...can you put in your much...suck it... you know" Junior asked quietly. Sunny looked up and asked "Hey...do you want me just to stop?" 

"NO! Please don't." Sunny shot back, "Ok then...no requests." 

Sunny really didn't plan on giving a blow job, but she had to admit to herself that she was starting to have a little fun. Watching the look on his face, she decided to do a little teasing. Placing her mouth just an inch from the head of his cock, Sunny gave it a quick kiss. "Oh fuck" he yelled. Sunny looked up and smiled. Junior could see himself in the reflection of sunglasses. He could hardly believe it, his big sister's pretty little Asian friend, on her knees in front of him. Sunny gave the head another peck and then another and in an instant, half of the head was in her mouth. Keeping a controlled and steady rhythm, Sunny continued to stroke and all the while, used her tongue to massage the head of his cock.

Then it was about that time, Sunny knew it wouldn't take long. Not wanting to ruin her new bikini, Sunny decided it would be best just to take it her mouth. Again, not that she minded but a girl like Sunny had to be practical. Sunny had bought this bikini at Victoria's Secret and it wasn't cheap and it was hard to find a nice one in her size so having it pasted with semen stains was not in her plans. A girl had to do what a girl had to do. 

At that moment Sunny looked up at Junior, she watched him close his eyes and saw his face spasm. Sunny got into position, sliding her mouth over as much as she could over the head of his cock. Sunny didn't want any leaks. Sunny moved her hands up and down, up and down more vigorously until his entire body locked up. "Fuck yes! Sunny! Ahhhh" . Sunny kept her eyes on Junior as she experienced a succession of warm, chunky jets of semen bathing her tongue and filling her mouth. She continued stroking, but now a little slower, making sure he was completely drained. "Oh fuck yes....that was amazing...oh God." Of course it was, she thought, but she couldn't say it out loud because her mouth was full of his cum and her own saliva . Sunny lifted her mouth off slowly while the head of cock fell out and left a think droplet on her lips. Sunny used her pinkie finger and pushed the little cum drop into her mouth. She looked up him again, she hummed a naughty little laugh and gave him a little love tap on his ass.

Just at that moment, they both heard the gate open and saw Laura's car drive in. Sunny leaped up and pushed off Junior to leave. Junior however lost his footing and fell on his ass. She ran back to the reclining pool chair and laid down. In all the excitement however, Sunny forgot she still had Junior's spunk in her mouth but unable to find a good place to spit it out, she quickly grabbed her glass of diet Coke. Sunny took a huge gulp. Down her throat went a mixture of soda and sperm. A new taste for Sunny for sure.

She saw Laura get out of the car and walk over to the pool and waved. "Hey Sunny, I am sorry I was late but I stopped at the store to get some sandwiches and stuff." Sunny still couldn't talk yet...she still had spooge in her throat. She kept making gulps to make it go down. Finally it went down but she could still feel it in her chest.

Laura put down the bag of groceries down on the patio table and went on, " So have you been able to get much sun? I hope my brat of a brother hasn't been bothering you. He can be such a pest."

"Everything's been ok. Just relaxing." 

"Good, I am glad to hear that, you've seemed really stressed lately at work" Laura said with a concerned look on her face. "Hey do want a sandwich, are you hungry?" 

"Nah...that's ok." Sunny answered. "I already ate..." Then suddenly, Sunny just gave out the loudest belch. At first, there was a moment of silence but then they both broke out into laughter. "Oh Sunny....God....that's gross!" Laura said jokingly.

Sunny put her hand over her mouth and giggled so hard with her little girl-like laugh. If only Laura, had known, she thought.

Laura gave her a funny look,"Gosh Sunny...It's not that funny." but Sunny kept laughing to herself because her burp smelled just like cum and Coke.