 #6: Fern

It was late October when I was returning by train to the city from a business trip, the weather was grim with hour after hour of heavy rain falling from black skies. The train was fairly busy when it pulled into the last but one stop an hour and a half away still from my destination. The usual routine of people getting on and off was broken when a female voice asked if the seat next to me was free. Turning to acknowledge the question I was greeted by the site of a pretty lady who was soaked almost right through, she was clearly not dressed for the weather in so far as she wore a pair of deep purple high heels, black patterned tights and when she removed her sodden jacket a slinky deep purple strappy dress which stopped halfway between her knee and waist, her dyed blonde hair fell in straggles around her face and down past her shoulders.

happily I said 

"Yes it is," in reply 

And just as the train began to creep from the station, she sat down, exclaiming what a terrible day it was and that all the effort she had put in to getting ready was now all but ruined. Enquiring as to where she was going I discovered that she was on her way to a works event that was going to take place in the main park that evening and as she was new to the job it was her first chance to meet many of her new colleagues. In making herself comfortable she crossed her legs and I noticed her shapely slender legs for the first time, and this got me curious, 

"I was just waiting for the train to get underway and I was going to get a coffee, would you like one?" 

I asked politely, she said she would and black with no sugar would be the order of the day, and as she stood to make way for me I got a my first glimpse of her figure. It took several minutes for me to get served and return to the carriage and as I walked towards my seat again the lady rose, this time I had longer to study her, she stood about 5 '7" in her heels, slim build with everything in proportion. As I handed her, her coffee she said 

"I'm Fern by the way,thank you."

We talked happily for an hour or so until her phone rang, and after a couple of minutes on the phone she rang off and was clearly disappointed that the event in the park had been cancelled due to the weather and now she faced a night in the city on her own as there was no possibility of catching a return train. 

I explained that before I left that day I had placed a curry in the slow cooker and I would be happy to share it rather than eat alone, an offer which she first was suspicious of, but which she accepted after I had explained that I was not a serial killer and would indeed happily drive her to her hotel afterwards. It was then I discovered that her company had booked her into a hotel only 500 yards from my flat in the bay, which I was only too happy to point out.

On arrival at the station we got off the train and walked to my car, we quickly covered the 3 miles to the bay in the light evening traffic before parking in my allocated spot in the car park, I retrieved Fern's overnight bag and we walked the short distance to the hotel, where she went to reception. 

Fern was only gone a few minutes when she returned looking extremely annoyed, as it turned out, as the event had been cancelled so had the block booking of the rooms which her company had made, completely forgetting that Fern was from out of town, and to add to her woe's without the hefty company discount there was no way she could afford a room there. Before she was forced to ask for a bed for the night, I offered my spare room, even going as far as telling her that she could eat first and if over dinner she did not feel comfortable she could phone around some of the other hotels from the flat and if she found a room I would drive her there. Finally a smile spread across her face as she said, 

"Okay,okay."

The warmth of the flat felt great after the cold and damp of the night, dropping my laptop ruck and Fern's overnighter I motioned for her to make herself at home while I removed my coat checked dinner, Fern made her way through to the lounge after she removed her coat & shoes, after a few minutes I heard the TV come to life, checking to see if the curry was ok I shouted through 

"Red, white,beer or other?" 

"Red please." came the reply. 

I poured two glasses & went through to the lounge, there I found Fern leaning on the arm of the big sofa with her knees bent and feet up beside her, handing her a glass she began to apologise for having her feet up, but I just smiled and said don't worry. I suggested we dispense with the formality of the dinner table and eat on the sofa, a suggestion that was greeted with as much relief & enthusiasm by Fern. I returned to the kitchen, served two meals and returned to the sofa to eat beside Fern. As we ate Fern relaxed more and more as the comfort of the sofa, the wine and the trials of the day were put behind her and almost involuntarily she shifted position to sit with her feet up and out in front of her almost touching my side. Fern was intently watching the news when I reached over and began gently stroking her left foot, I was expecting that it would be snapped back away but instead I received an appreciative sigh.

Being bolder I used both hands to massage her foot properly with the result that with a few minutes Fern offered me her other foot, I swapped immediately giving the other the same treatment through her tights, suddenly Fern swung her feet away and stood up, in an instant she lifted her dress to her waist and slipped her tights down her legs and off, she sat back down, this time much closer and placed her calves across my lap, as she wriggled to make herself comfortable she asked 

"How are you with legs?" 

Straight away I began to caress her right leg, her pale skin was silky soft and perfectly smooth from being waxed that day, after a few minutes I moved to her left leg and as I worked toward her knee I felt the tell tale signs of a hard on growing. Switching back to her right leg I let my index trace gently around the inside of her knee before moving onto the inside on her lower thigh, once again expecting a negative reaction that never came. In slow stroking circles my finger moved higher until eventually I reached the hem of her dress, before crossing over to her left leg, Fern simply, wriggled as if she were lost in her own world.

By now I was fully hard and feeling brave, I placed a hand on each of her knees and began to massage her thighs with each circle my hands made getting higher, the circle which brought my hands to the bottom of her dress met with no resistance, so I slipped my hands back to her knees before sliding them up her thighs and under the dress, to my amazement Fern opened her legs slightly to give me better access, slowly I pushed forwards until both my thumbs were at the juncture of her legs, my fingers pointing slightly upwards had made contact with thong elastic, so raising my right thumb I touched the very top of her triangle before letting it brush the material on the way down. At my touch Fern let out a soft gasp and I began to alternate the stroking pattern between both my right and let thumbs. After several passes I could feel her moisture beginning to seep through the soft panty material.

Extending my fingers I hooked them into the elastic around her waist, as I did so Fern raised her hips allowing me to drag her black lace thong to her knees and then off. I returned my hands under her dress and this time to bare flesh, I couldn't see her pussy, but I could feel a soft neatly trimmed covering around it, pressing my right thumb into the top her cleft gave way to reveal a small but rock hard clit, while my left thumb began to probe her moist opening. At this tender exploration Fern spread her legs wider to give me greater access, finally I widened my arms at the shoulders and her dress rode up to her waist revealing her mound in all it's glory. 

Fern's love cup was framed above by a neatly trimmed, thin covering of black hair, while all around had been waxed as smooth as her legs, her clit and inner lips hidden from view by her folds. 

"Fingers,I love fingers!" Fern whispered as I stoked her.

Without hesitation I pushed my right index & middle fingers into her slowly, they slipped easily passed her soft outer folds which were soft and moist and up to the second knuckle, Ferns hips raised and she drew breath softly as she accepted the digits, hooking my fingers upwards I began to massage her G-spot with my finger tips before pulling my fingers slowly out until just the ends remained inside her, then with a slow but firm action I pushed my fingers inside her until they reached the bottom knuckle.

With her eyes shut and a look of pleasure on her face Fern uttered in a low voice 

"That's it,fuck me with them!" 

I began to repeat my action, in doing so I could feel Fern's pussy getting wetter and wetter as her love juice began to flow more freely, each time the walls of her tunnel closing around my fingers as they withdrew. Leaning forward I asked,

"Another?" 

To which Fern simply nodded, pulling my fingers out, I added my third finger to the group before easing them deep inside her once again until I could push no more. Fern's tunnel easily accepted the greater girth and she began pant each time I completed a fuck cycle, each time I reached the top I pressed my thumb into her hidden clit before working it in a circular motion. 

I could feel Fern building to a climax and she began to use her hips to ride my fingers, increasing the speed of my hand motion I began to finger fuck her more forcefully and with each stroke Fern drew closer to her peak, finally with my hand speed at it's max Fern's back arched high and she came violently with my fingers high inside her, covering them with her sticky ooze. 

I slipped my fingers out of her and was just about to begin tonguing her quim when she closed her legs and sat more upright, propping herself up on one arm she threw a couple of cushions onto the floor, she then rolled off the sofa onto the floor burying her face into the cushion, she raised her arse into the air as she spread her legs.

I needed no second invitation, tearing down my trousers and finally freeing my cock I knelt behind her, running my hand up the outside of her thighs until her dress exposed her arse and settled above her waist, holding her steady I manoeuvred my end to her slot before penetrating her slowly until my end reached her inner roof. My member had slid in slowly and easily as her quim was wide from my fingers, but she wasn't deep, indeed only 5 of my 7 inches made it into her. As I began to slowly pleasure her Fern gasped, 

"Come on finish it,fuck me!"

Instantly my slow rhythm changed to a hard thrust, each time I withdrew almost to the point of exit before driving my rod back to it's hilt. With each stroke her cries increased until she said, 

"Harder,come on harder."

Gripping her hips tighter I shuffled my knees forward to get closer, after gently slipping back, I drove my cock deep into her pussy, pulling her backwards onto me at the same time. This time she cried aloud as another inch of my cock speared into her and after three more violent thrusts all 7 inches filled her. Fern was now crying aloud with every stroke, 

"AAAH,harder,harder" Come on fuuuucck me, harder,Aaaaaah." 

Each time my cock hit home squelching noises could be heard in tandem with the backs of her thighs hitting lower stomach, now being driven on by her demands I was determined to give her the shag of her life, the pace of my pounding increased until her words became a series of breathless huhs as their pitch increased so did my need to come, I knew I was only a few strokes away when suddenly Fern's hips lowered and her head raised, at that moment she exploded, letting out a loud high pitched 

"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuck." 

As her body contorted in my grasp, but I had not finished and she writhed about seeking relief from the pounding her pussy was taking and the almost constant orgasm, after what seemed like an age finally I was ready and with one final massive thrust my cock pumped a fountain of cum deep inside her. Our heads clearing we remained in position for a few minutes until she reached back and covered her quim as I pulled out, prevent any more juices being spilled on the carpet before heading off to the bathroom leaving me flat out on the floor. By the time Fern had returned I has regained my composure and re-dressed, sheepishly she asked for her knickers, which I handed her and watched her put on as she stood in the lounge. Fern then raised the still unresolved question of the bed for the night as she gathered her tights & shoes. I re-affirmed the offer of the spare room unconditionally and she accepted stating that the sex thing wasn't going to happen again that night allayed her fears of being pounced on in the night and after showing her the spare room we retired. 

The following morning I awoke about 8 and all was quiet, the door to the spare room was closed as I passed heading for the kitchen, I poured a glass of fruit juice and walked through to the lounge, where I discovered Fern's black lace thong laid neatly on the sofa, next to a note which read, 

"Decided to catch the first train, thanks for everything,Fern.X.Ps.These are for you."

Fern had gone, but had left me with more than the memory.