 Kelcie was typing on her computer trying to get the interrogatory done before she had to leave at five. She had been having a very stressful week; her boss had been giving her shit about not getting enough billable hours. She knew she should probably just stop for the night so that she could get some more billable time tomorrow but it wouldn't take much to finish it.

"Miss, is Mr. Johnston in?" 

Looking up Kelcie saw Mr. Davis, one of the partners in the firm, "Um, yeah he is in his office, and would you like me to announce you?"

"No." Mr. Davis walked past Kelcie's desk and into Johnston's office, shutting the door behind him. Kelcie could still hear Mr. Davis yelling at Mr. Johnston. Finishing up the interrogatory, Kelcie started to clear her desk for the night when Mr. Johnston stormed out of the office with his jacket over his arm, walking fast not even stopping to tell Kelcie good night. Shocked Kelcie stared at the door to the hallway for a few moments. As she started to shut her computer down she heard Mr. Davis call for her from the back office.

"Miss, come in here please." 

Putting her purse back under her desk Kelcie walked into the office, "Yes sir, can I help you?"

"How long have you been working for Mr. Johnston?"

"About three months."

"Do you know anything about the Roberts' case?"

"Yeah it is the domestic violence case with the four children."

"Good, I am going to need you to stay late and help me fix the monkey wrenches that, dip shit, threw into the case. Did you know that Mr. Johnston has been intentionally sabotaging cases for the last two months? I only realized because one of the clients called to bitch about how his case was handled. He did speak highly of how you helped him, but talked complete shit about Johnston."

"Do you want to work on it here or up at your office?"

"Are the files on the computer or in hard copy?"

"I keep both."

"Then grab the hard copy's and lets go to my office."

"It will take me a few minutes to gather them, why don't you head up, Sir, and I will follow along in just a couple minutes."

Nodding he started to leave the office, "Oh, if we are going to spend the evening working together you may as well call me Tyler, and I will call you . . .?"

"Kelcie."

Smiling at Kelcie, Tyler left to go call the elevator. As the elevator arrived Tyler could see Kelcie start to leave the office with a couple files. Holding the elevator doors open he waited for her to get there; taking the time to look at her as she walked towards him.

He hadn't realized that Kelcie was as beautiful as she was. She was wearing black stiletto heels that had to have at least a six inch heel, long graceful legs encased in black stocking, leading to a dark chocolate brown skirt, a cream colored button up blouse with a chocolate blazer unbuttoned over it. Her blouse was pulled taunt over her large breasts. He knew he had seen larger, and he had seen smaller, these breasts just seemed to be the prefect size for him, more than a handful yet not too much to handle. And then when you started to take in her facial features she was just a gorgeous woman. Her eyes were the shade of blue that the sky is in winter after snowing for a week, her mouth was not too full nor too narrow but very kissable with the bottom lip just a tiny bit bigger than the top, and she had a pert dainty nose that added to her simplistic beauty. 

Entering the elevator Kelcie took a moment to use the mirrored walls to look at Tyler. He was dressed like all the other guys in the firm, black suit, neutral colored tie, light green today, and a pristine white shirt, yet even dressing like the other guys he seemed to excrete something else that drew a woman's attention. The dinging of the elevator chime brought Kelcie back from her scrutiny of Tyler.

Tyler reached over and took the file folder from Kelcie, "Here, let me carry those. My secretary is gone so we will not be interrupted. How well do you know the Roberts' case?"

"Not that well I know the basic facts but Mr. Johnston would not let me help on the documentation or on any of the filing with the court and the like. You know come to think of it, any case recently that he has been required to work on with a male client he has not been letting me help with. With the first one I thought it was because the guy was constantly hitting on me, but James Roberts didn't even look at me twice."

"How many cases was that?"

"Well let me think, Roberts, Krone, Cummings, and Pootoogooluk. But the Krone and Pootoogooluk cases are both closed I sent their files down to be filed yesterday. And the Krone case appears to be working itself out; Mr. Krone talked to me on the phone one day last week about the possibility of a settlement with his estranged wife."

"Wow, you talk a lot. Well this is what I know, Krone called after he had finished talking with you and talked with Johnston, that is probably why he had only praise for you. Johnston gave him shitty advice. Krone's wife wanted to give him shared custody of there five year old son, where he would have the primary custody. Johnston said that you never want to take shared custody and if you do to always try for the secondary position because it is better for all involved if a mother has primary custody, it is even better if you can pawn the brat off on the mother."

Kelcie gasped at what Tyler was telling her, "But Mr. Krone is a great father and he loves his son, why would anyone tell him that he didn't want custody. I hope you gave him better advice."

"Actually, I didn't need to," he said he had already received excellent advice before he had even talked to Johnston. He said that you encouraged him to settle if all the terms were ok by him and as long as he makes sure that everything was documented. Very good advice, good job."

They started going through the files prepared by Mr. Johnston. With Kelcie typing and Tyler dictating to her they had been working for about an hour when Tyler heard Kelcie's stomach growl slightly. "Hungry?"

Smiling sheepishly Kelcie, "I may have skipped lunch."

"Well then we will just have to take my lap top and your files and go get us something to eat." Tyler said as he folded all the files back into the folder and pulling his lap top out from under the desk and making a disk of the files they had prepared so far. "So Little Miss Hungry, what type of food would you like, my treat?"

"Well I know this adorable little Mexican restaurant just down the street a few blocks."

"Mexican it is then. You said it was just a few blocks, how many is a few blocks?"

"26."

"Ok, the BMW it is."

Kelcie laughed think that she had never rode in a BMW before. Following Tyler to the elevator she had another thought about what she had never done in a BMW. Wow he had a nice ass, it would probably look even better out of clothing. When they got to the parking garage Kelcie was Tyler's dark blue BMW parked in the space beside the door. "Nice car."

"Yeah, it is a little much for this city, but I love it when I hit the country, and can really let it fly." Tyler opened the passenger side door for Kelcie. "Madame."

Smiling Kelcie sat on the gray leather seat. Tyler stared at her for a moment, "You look really nice," Without waiting for her to comment Tyler shut the door walking around the car he sat the lap and the file folder on the back seat and sitting down on the front seat.

"So, Tyler what type of car is this, I mean I know it is a BMW, but what kind of BMW is it?"

Smiling over at Kelcie, Tyler responded, "M3, brand new, custom made. I have less than 500 miles on it so far, actually thinking about it you are the first lady I have had in this car." 

"It is very nice," Kelcie said as she played with some of levers on the side of her seat. When she pulled one of the levers her seat fell back so that she was practically lying down. "Wow!"

Tyler was looking at how Kelcie's skirt had rode up higher on her legs showing off a bright pink garter. Damn this girl is hot! he thought. Glancing at the back seat he saw that there was no room to do anything there, but with a seat that went back as far as these did who needed a back seat? He could feel his cock harden at the sight of her laying down in his car. Without even thinking Tyler leaned over and kissed Kelcie; a soft kiss, barely touching her lips with his.

Kelcie instantly deepened the kiss wanting to taste all of Tyler's mouth, to feel his tongue glide against hers. Kelcie heard someone moan but was not sure which one of them it was. She could feel Tyler's hand move on bare skin of her stomach.

Moving his lips from hers Tyler moved to nuzzle her neck, he whispered, "You are sensational, I want you so bad."

Kelcie did not think that she could talk with him sucking on her neck and rubbing the sensitive skin just below her breast. Reaching over and putting her hand on the bulge that had appeared in his pants she started to caress him though his pants.

As Tyler tried to move closer to Kelcie the gearshift pushed into his cock, "damn it. We can't do this here. I want to, oh man do I want to, but we can't."

Blushing Kelcie straitened the seat back up and smoothed down her skirt, "Its ok I understand, don't worry about it."

Putting the car in reverse he left the parking spot then proceeded to leave the parking ramp, "I am not sure you do understand,"

Kelcie cut him off before Tyler could finish his sentence, "You are repulsed by my touching you, I understand. It is not the first time it has happened."

"What? Where are you getting this idea? Hell woman, I want you so bad that my normally lose slacks are starting to hurt they are so tight, if this car had been an automatic I would probably either be sucking on your clitoris, or pumping my cock in your pussy. Hell, I wanted you since I watched you walk towards me at the elevator."

Kelcie watched the restaurant that she had suggested blow right past the window, "Um. . . Tyler that was the restaurant that you just passed."

"Yeah, I know."

"Where are you taking me?"

‘Somewhere we can be alone, together. Because there are things I want to do to you that I can't do at a restaurant . . . or anywhere public for that matter."

"Oh."

Tyler kept driving with out looking at Kelcie, making a few sharp corners and traveling at speeds that Kelcie did not realize that you could safely travel in this town. After only about twenty minutes in the car watching the buildings rush past Tyler pulled his BMW into an underground garage. "Here we are."

Looking around Kelcie had no clue where here was. Deciding that if it was imperative that she knew where they were Tyler would tell her. 

Taking Kelcie's small delicate hand in his larger stronger one Tyler started quickly leading her towards the elevator on the far side of the garage. As the elevator door slide shut Tyler tugged on Kelcie's hand that was still clasped with his, pulling her against his body. Holding her against him he inhaled her scent from her hair. "Mmmm, girl you smell so good." Tilting his head he licked against her neck, "You taste even better." 

Before Kelcie realized it the elevator made a chirping sound that indicated that they had reached there destination. Backing a little from Tyler she looked up at his face. He was smiling down at her, his hand resting upon her lower back and on her hip. "We're here." Tyler said softly. Tyler guided Kelcie from the elevator into a top floor penthouse suite. "Welcome to my humble abode."

Not wanting to waste any time Kelcie pressed her body against his again, "I'm sure it is beautiful. But I do believe that the gear shift then the elevator chime may have interrupted us."

"Yes I do believe that you are right. But I really do what to show you something. It is right over here," Tyler led her to his bedroom. It was a large room, along one wall there was a massive fireplace with what appeared to be a black bear rug in front of it. Across from the fireplace was a massive maple four poster bed, covered with a blue and gray plaid comforter. The rest of the rooms furnishings were the same rich maple as the bed, all of them appeared to be antiques. 

"Wow, this room is . . . is . . . Amazing." Kelcie said in awe as she looked around at the room in its majestic beauty. Kelcie walked around the room marveling at the majesty of the room. As she was standing in front of the fireplace admiring the gentle watercolor painting handing above it Tyler walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. 

"You want to know what is truly the most amazing part of this room right now?" Tyler asked as he pulled her against him. When Kelcie just leaned back against him Tyler looked down and smiled, "You."

Gasping Kelcie turned in his arms. Standing on tiptoes she pulled his head down and kissed him deeply. Kelcie pressed her body against Tyler's, her breast pressing into his chest. Kelcie felt Tyler moan and then moaned deeply as Tyler pulled her tighter against his body.

Breaking the kiss Tyler leaned back and looked at the young woman that he held in his arms. "How old are you, Honey?"

"I'm 23, why?" Kelcie asked as she started to rub her hands down his chest and under his shirt.

"I just wanted to make sure that we could be doing this, because I want it so badly." Tyler lifted his arms to let Kelcie remove his shirt for him.

Tugging Tyler's shirt off Kelcie let it fall to the floor as she leaned forward to kiss the middle of his chest. She kissed down until she reached the band of his pants. Kelcie's hands were caressing his back as she kissed him. As her lips moved down so did her hands. Kelcie was now kneeling before Tyler as she started to unbutton and unzip his pants. "MMM . . . commando . . . I like that," Kelcie whispered as she pushed his pants down to the floor.

Before she could make her move to pleasure him, Tyler stepped back. "I think one of us is over dressed here."

"But your not wearing any clothes," Kelcie said in mock innocence.

Without saying a word Tyler started to unbutton Kelcie's blouse; sliding it and the blazer down her arms, moaning softly at the sight of her pale yellow front clasp bra. Tyler met Kelcie's eyes as he lowered his head and softly licked right above the edge of her bra cup. Letting his tongue slide just under the edge of her bra, Tyler started to push Kelcie's skirt to the floor. Taking a step back from Kelcie, Tyler stared at the woman before him for a moment. "You really are wonderful Kelcie. You make me wonder why I waited so long to make a move on you."

Kelcie heard Tyler's words but did not register what it was that he was trying to say, "Do you mean that you have wanted to do this for a while now?"

"How long have you been working for the firm?"

"About three months?"

"Then I have wanted to do this for about three months."

Kelcie just smiled at Tyler for his answer. Reaching in front of herself, Kelcie unsnapped her bra then let he straps fall down her shoulders. Next she slowly pushed her panties to the floor to pool around her ankles. Walking the three feet across the bedroom from where they were standing Kelcie sat gently on the bed; moving back so that she was in the center of the large bed. "This bed is awfully lonely right now."

Tyler was not stupid he did not have to be told twice. Moving quickly Tyler joined Kelcie on the bed. Pushing gently on Kelcie's shoulder Tyler lowered her to the bed. Sliding his body slowly over top of Kelcie's, Tyler smiled down at her staring into her eyes. "If you are not sure that you want to do this tell me now, because I know that I will not be able to stop in a few minutes."

Clasping Tyler's hand in hers Kelcie pulled his hand to her pussy, "feel how wet I am? Do you really think that I could or would stop now either?"

Tyler moaned as he felt Kelcie's juices wetting his fingers as he softly rubbed her pussy. "Damn, baby." He watched as Kelcie's eyes started to dilate as the sensation that his fingers were causing. Feeling the small hard nub that was her clitoris Tyler flicked his finger over it a few times, until Kelcie's back arched up. Pulling his hand from her pussy Tyler, still laying half on top of her, brought his finger to his mouth and sucked her juices off of them. "You taste so very good girl. I would love to spend a while just licking and tasting your pussy, but I have wanted you much too long to take the time to do that now." 

Kelcie started to whimper when Tyler started to slide his body off of hers until she realized that he was reaching for protection. Smiling Kelcie realized that Tyler truly was a good guy. Kelcie leaned up on her elbows to watch Tyler roll the condom down his hard shaft. Softly she whispered, "Hurry."

As soon as he had the condom on he moved back over top of Kelcie and spread her thighs apart quickly yet gently. Looking down into her eyes Tyler slide the head of his cock into her pussy, "damn girl," Tyler whispered at the sensation of her tight wet hot pussy encasing his cock. Tyler's control snapped and he started slamming his cock into Kelcie's pussy fast and hard.

Kelcie screamed out in pleasure as Tyler's cock moved within her triggering an orgasm. Wrapping her legs about Tyler's hip Kelcie held him in her, begging him not to stop.

Tyler could not believe the sensations that Kelcie was causing him. He did not know how much longer he could hold on. After three more thrust Tyler felt Kelcie's pussy constrict in orgasm once more. The feeling of her pussy walks milking him was too much for him to handle. He felt himself cum hard, filling the inside of the condom with his seed.

Falling exhausted beside Kelcie, Tyler pulled her into his arms and tucked her head under his chin. "You were wonderful," he said as he kissed the top of her head. Closing his eyes Tyler drifted off to sleep.

A buzzing sound awoke Tyler the next morning. Reaching out for Kelcie he realized she was not there. Sitting up realization dawned upon him, of course she was not there, she never was. He had just been having a fantasy again. Maybe today would be the day that he would talk to the new young paralegal, and maybe tomorrow night he would not be fantasizing but rather having some fun.