 It turned out to be a very dark and stormy Friday afternoon. Dull grey clouds lingered above the factories and rain fell heavily upon the tin rooftops, sounding like a symphony of symbols. Bright flashes of lightening and bellowing thunder rolled across the sky rumbling through the ground like an earth quake. It was the worst thunder storm this year. 

Being as fierce as the storm was, majority of the employers around the area had sent their workers home. Mr. Runie was the same...except with his apprentice. All the other workers had been sent home but Runie needed J.T to stay and complete the project he was working on. It needed to be finished by tomorrow and it was already overdue. 

Reluctantly, J.T agreed. He didn't want to piss his boss off... he loved working here. Not only was the job fantastic, but so was the secretary, Adriana. It had been a week since his first real sexual encounter with her and J.T couldn't wait for the next one which, if all went to plan, would be this afternoon...

As the storm raged on and J.T worked away, watching the time as he went, Mr. Runie received a phone call. J.T barely noticed until Runie began talking to him. "J.T, I have to leave now for a get together with one of my clients at the pub. I doubt I'll finish before closing time, but you and Adriana can lock up for the weekend, can't you?" As J.T heard those words leave Runie's mouth his heart began to race, all he could think about was Adriana and how he was going to fuck her stupid after the boss was gone. 

He looked back down at his project, continuing with work and said "No worries Mr. Runie... I'm not sure how long this will take me anyway, but I'll see ya next week." 

"Good man, J!" he bellowed across the factory with a gigantic smile planted across his face. He pulled his jacket over his shoulders, picked up his brief case and exited through the office door. J.T smiled as he watched him leave. He would finish his work as quickly as he could, wash up, then go and visit the sexy little secretary he had been craving for the past 5 days. There were times that J.T wanted to ravish her right there and then in the middle of the factory, in front of all the other workers and Mr. Runie. But although to resist was tremendously painful, he would withhold his temptation. Throughout the week J.T had been able to kiss Adriana and feel her up at times when no one was around but he had not been able to get the feeling she gave him on Monday and that's what he longed for the most. 

Unfortunately, at the moment J.T felt like finishing his project was years away. He still had a fair amount of work that needed to be done before he could call it complete. He wondered where Adriana was and what she was doing... if she was thinking about him now too...

All of the sudden her voice pierced through the sound of the echoing rain "Hey, J.T... I just have to run around the corner... I should be back by the time you've finished that," and she pointed to what he was working on, then winked and smiled. J.T thought he heard her giggle as she turned and walked away, sexily wiggling her beautiful behind until she was out of sight. J.T's dick was growing as he thought about it, as he thought about what he had encountered on Monday... He eagerly continued working on his project with his thoughts dancing through his head. He couldn't wait for her to come back...

**************

Now finished his job for the day and having placed all the tools in their proper places, J.T looks up at the clock above the office door. "Shit... twenty to six and she's still not back..." he mumbles as he walks towards it. Making his way into the hall he switches the lights off in the factory and heads to the kitchen to wash his hands. After drying them he walks over to the locker to retrieve his bag. Suddenly the front door to the office sounds as if it exploded open, the sound of the rain and wind fill the air and J.T hears what sounds like a female screaming... 'Is that Adriana...?' he thinks to himself as he turns and runs towards the office.

The office door falls closed and J.T stands at the entry to the office, staring astounded at the sight he sees before him... Adriana, breathlessly staring down at her soaking wet body. She stands there for a minute letting the water drip off and trying to catch her breath. Her white blouse, now clinging to her body, had gone completely see-through revealing her sexy satin black bra, her wet fringe lined the outside of her face and her nipples were standing at attention through her dripping clothes. As wet and as cold as she may have been, seeing Adriana like this drove J.T absolutely wild, his meat springing to attention at the very sight of her. 

Although Adriana was drenched from tip to toe J.T couldn't help himself, he let his bag fall to the floor and began to laugh. Adriana slowly looked up, still breathing quite heavily and glared at J.T. 

"This isn't funny...! Does this really look funny to you??" Adriana barked as she began to shake the excess water from her body. A huge smile forms across J.T's face and he begins to step towards her. 

"No... But you look exceptionally sexy to me," he whispers as he steps in close and wraps his arms around her hips, pulling her closer to him. Her frown slowly turns into a small grin and her eyes look down at her feet. "How about we get you out of these wet clothes, hmm?" he says, gently kissing and sucking down her neck. Adriana's head slowly falls back as she begins to enjoy the attention. J.T's hands move around her body, exploring every wet inch of it. His hands briefly stop to pay some special attention to her firm, round breasts and tweaked nipples, her soft plump ass and the aching sex between her legs. His gentle touch on top of her clothes is enough to make her weak at the knees. 

As J.T begins to deeply kiss Adriana he moves his hands to the front of her body and begins unbuttoning her blouse. Once unbuttoned, he slides his hand down the front of her skirt and into her sexy satin black g-string, moving his hand over her bare mound and moistening lips. Adriana begins to unbutton J.T's shirt and fly, moving her hands up and down his six pack stomach, into his pants and up and down his erect boner, her smooth hands moving over his silky boxers giving him an overwhelming sensation. 

The feel of her gentle caressing is so overwhelming that J.T steps closer into Adriana, wraps his strong arms around her and buries his face in her neck, kissing, suckling and nibbling at it. He grinds himself against her. Her hands roaming all over his body, his all over hers, the feel of her smooth, silky skin against his and the intoxicating smell she has makes J.T feel crazy. His head begins to spin and he begins to suck harder at her neck. Adriana softly moans and she starts pumping his stiffened pole beneath his boxers. 

J.T can't take it anymore, he releases Adriana from his grip and roughly pulls her blouse all the way of her shoulders, then his own. 

"C'm'ere you sexy lil' beast!" he says in a low growl as he grabs her around the hips and hauls her over his shoulder. Adriana lets out a short squeal. J.T heads down the hall and out into the factory, the rain still pours down heavily on the rooftop. 

J.T marches through the factory as if on a mission, one arm is across her legs behind her knees to hold her steady, the other is planted on her beautiful round ass, caressing and squeezing it. Adriana giggles as J.T carries her through the factory. 

"I've been waiting for this moment ever since Monday!" J.T practically moans as he hauls Adriana back over his shoulder and sits her on the air table. This is the only piece of machinery in the factory that has to be kept clean because of the product they use it for. 

Adriana scoots herself back further onto the table as J.T strips himself of his pants. Pulling himself up onto the table, J.T crawls towards Adriana, an arm and a leg on either side of her body. His eyes are filled with desire and Adriana can tell he is horny as hell, just from the tent in his boxers as he closes in on her. Adriana lifts her bum off the table and pushes her skirt off, letting it fall to the floor with J.T's pants. 

As his head reaches hers, J.T lets his body fall gently onto Adriana's. He begins to peck her gently on the lips. Their eyes are closed. J.T starts to slip his tongue into Adriana's mouth, and they begin to kiss passionately, surges of what's feels like electricity jolting through their bodies, tingling their every nerve. 

J.T begins to grind his hips against hers, pushing his hot, rock hard meat into the soft warmth of Adriana's pussy lips, which are now only concealed by a black satin thong. He begins to roam his hands all over her body. The feeling of her silky soft skin beneath his hands was making his head spin again, his heart was pounding against his rib cage as if it was trying to escape, and he felt overtaken by the feeling of pure passion, desire and lust. 

Suddenly he begins to growl, lifting Adriana out from beneath him. As she sits in front of him he pulls her thong off then reaches around and unclips her bra. He then grips her thighs and lifts her sitting her on his lap as he sit on the table with his knees bent and his feet under his ass. His cock is now poking out of his boxer shorts, standing up in between them.

Adriana looks down and a cheeky grin forms across her face. She takes a hold of his stiff pole and begins moving her hand up and down its length. J.T feels his head start to spin again. He again grips her ass, lifts her and holds her above his cock, the tip of it rests gently at the entrance to her sex. He slowly lets her down and his shaft glides inside her. Adriana moans as it inches further and further inside her. 

The whole length of his cock is now buried deep within her and they both moan together. J.T leans back on his arms and Adriana rest her hands on his chest. 

"Are you ready, baby?" Adriana asks J.T seductively. 

"I've been waiting all week, sexy, show me what you got!" 

Adriana begins to slowly move up and down on top of him. Her breasts sway with every movement she makes and she is moaning and rolling her head. J.T can't believe the sensation he's feeling. He feels as if he could cum right there and then but it's just to good to want to stop. 

"Oh Adriana... show me what you're made of baby, give me everything you got!" J.T moans as his eyes roll back into his skull. Adriana begins pumping up and down, harder and faster. She can feel his cock dive deep into her moistened sex and can feel an orgasm climbing. She begins to move her hips in circles, back and forth, up and down, giving them both intense sensations they have never felt before. 

J.T is breathing heavily and moaning as he watches Adriana bounce up and down on top of him. "Oh my God, Adriana, you look so fuckin' sexy up there! Ugh... you like the feel of my hard cock moving in and out of your hot, wet pussy?" 

"Oh GOD, Yes!" Adriana exclaimed. "Oh... I'm... gonna cum... soon..." she says breathlessly, moving her hands from his chest to his shoulders. J.T turns his head and kisses Adriana's hand. She suddenly grasps onto his shoulders, J.T can feel her fingernails sticking into him, and she begins pounding herself down on top of him, crying out his name.

The sight of Adriana loving the feeling of fucking him was the last thing J.T needed to bring him over the edge. He starts pumping his own hips up and down, meeting Adriana's strokes. He begins crying out as they fuck each other, energy from every part of his body is being drawn to his loins, collecting, ready to be released in a wave of pleasure. 

"J.T! Oh! J.T! Make me cum baby! MAKE ME CUM!" Adriana screams. J.T can feel her muscles clenching around his thick shaft and he begins pounding into her as hard and as fast as he can.

"Adriana!" J.T moans, "Oh... ADRIANA! I'M CUMMING!" he yells outs. Adriana begins to scream as J.T's cock powers in and out of her, her own orgasm flowing through her body. They continued pounding into each other, the feeling washing through them for what seemed like hours, until they slowly began to slow the pace, Adriana grinding her pelvis against J.T's, rolling her hips back and forth.

As their climaxes subside, J.T sits up straight and wraps his arms around Adriana, she falls into him, wrapping her arms and legs around him, resting her face on his chest. She could feel his heart beat pound against the side of her face, and she could hear it thumping loudly. They were both breathless and didn't want to move. 

J.T kisses Adriana's sweaty forehead, and hugs her tighter. "You are so amazing, nobody can make me feel like you do," he whispered. Adriana lifted her head to look into J.T's eyes. As their eyes met they embraced in a passionate kiss, their hands again roaming all over each others bodies. 

Adriana, breaking the kiss, stands and jumps off the table. J.T soon follows. As they dress in their bottoms and talk, J.T can't help but look over Adriana's beautiful body. How he got so lucky to bed this sexy young woman was still a mystery to him. He found himself lost in thought as Adriana called out to him, having already walked halfway up the factory, back towards the office. 

J.T runs towards her and upon reaching her, softly taps her on the ass. Adriana giggles, playfully pushing him away. As they get back into the office Adriana picks her blouse up off the floor. 

"Ugh! It's still drenched!" she complained. J.T, finishing up the last button on his shirt, lightly laughs at her. He turns and reaches for his bag. Searching through it, he finds a clean shirt and throws it to Adriana. 

"Chuck that one on, baby girl." She slides the shirt over her head and it hangs loosely from her body. 

Smiling and swaying from side to side she says with a coy cute look on her face, "Aww, such a gentleman, aren't we?" J.T smiles and starts walking towards her. He places his hands on her soft, plump ass cheeks and lifts her up. She wraps her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck, leaning in to kiss. 

All of the sudden a bright flash of lightening lights up the dark sky, rumbling thunder follows soon after making Adriana jump because it startled her. She looks towards the window and see's the rain falling just as heavy as it was when she last went outside. 

"Oooohhh..." she moans, whiningly, "How am I supposed to get home dry in this kind of weather?" 

"I... could... give you a lift..." J.T said quietly, not knowing how she would react. Adriana turned her head quickly and stared at J.T, eyes wide open with excitement. He would love to be able to take her home, 'I might even be able to bed her properly..." he thought to himself. 

"Oh... J.T... I'd really like that!" Adriana exclaimed, kissing him again. She slid herself down his body and grabbed her handbag. "Let's get outa here, tiger," she said winking just before switching off the light. 

They step out into the cool, wet, dreary night and lock the door behind them, J.T is grinning ecstatically at the thought of what his weekend could be like. Never in his wildest dreams did he think he would ever be taking anyone like this girl home for a Friday night... 

But he certainly couldn't wait to live it!