 I don't really care for my job. It's not particularly challenging, and neither is it creative or rewarding. Eight hours a day slumped at a desk in pursuit of making rich, faceless suits a little more money. At best, it's good experience and a stepping stone to something better.

However, there is one thing – or should I say person – that makes the days a little bit sweeter: Amber. She's the assistant to the CEO; I don't know exactly what she does day-to-day, only that she sends general emails around the office about this-and-that. That's not important though; what's important is that she's hot – a very specific, no-nonsense type of hot. In addition to her exotic allure, her assertive voice intimates she won't take shit from anyone, and she bounds around the office with self-assured intent. The best thing, though, is that she's carried around by a pair of shapely legs that culminate in an arse you wouldn't let go of for all the money in the world. Every time she walks past my desk... God, I can't take my eyes off her. And I know I shouldn't, but it can be hard to resist turning my head for a few blissful moments of watching her perfect swaying denim – which brings me to the story of the most unlikely sexual relationship of my life...

*

I had to stay late one night to catch up on some work, and I was still at my desk long after everybody else in my team had left. Knowing that my department was always the latest to say, I was surprised to see Amber walk round the corner. She normally did so to talk to people sat behind me down the hall, but they'd all gone home. I was the only one there. As she got closer, I thought she was looking at me, but, having never uttered a word to her before, concluded I was imagining it and turned back to my screen.

'Hey!' I heard from my right. I looked up to see Amber standing in front of me bearing an expression of fire, radiating her usual don't-fuck-with-me aura. Taking her all in, though, all I could focus on was the way her tight grey-wash jeans clung to her hips. 'Do you think it's okay to perv on your colleagues?' She didn't let me answer. 'Do you snap your neck to ogle every woman who passes your desk, or is it just me?' Again, she gave me no time to speak. 'Well... are you going to tell me why you've been staring at my arse?'

There was no point in lying; I'd been busted, and nothing sounds more pathetic than umming and arring trying to dig yourself out of a hole. Thinking the best course of action was to own it. I looked her straight in the eye and said, 'Because it's fantastic.'

My answer took her off guard, and she said nothing for a moment, only penetrating me with an icy stare. Then, without warning, in an almost single motion, she dropped to her knees, unbuttoned and pulled down my trousers, and took my flaccid cock in her mouth.

'Oh, fuck,' I gasped. Not having expected events to take that turn, I wasn't turned on, but that soon changed as my cock hardened between her lips under the spell of her tongue. 'Fuck, Amber,' I groaned as her head bobbed aggressively up and down my lengthening shaft. I gripped the arms of my chair as my cock reached its zenith, and it seemed to spur her on; she engulfed my entire length and gargled and slurped as my glans hit the back of her throat, streaks of saliva cascading from her mouth. I leaned back in the chair and thrusted my pelvis, savouring the friction of her throat as the pressure built in my balls. I prepared for the euphoria of release, but she sensed my impending explosion and callously pulled away. She looked up at me; strands of glistening saliva connected my cock to her lips. 

'You think I'm going to let a little pervert like you cum?' She spat on my twitching column and wanked it roughly with her hand, causing more pain than pleasure. She stopped only when I grimaced in discomfort. 'Enjoy your blue balls.' She stood up, wiped the saliva from her mouth, and then fixed her hair. 'Are you going to think about my fantastic arse when you finish yourself off?' Again, she didn't let me answer, merely snickering and walking away. With my cock still hard, I bore my eyes into her toned legs and perfect arse until she rounded the corner, out of sight.

The next day it was like nothing had happened. We passed each other in the office, but she didn't acknowledge me. The same thing happened later in the kitchen. If her plan was for no-one to suspect that the day before she'd sucked my cock to the hilt, she was carrying it out to perfection. I spent the rest of the day wondering what her intentions were. Would there be a repeat of the night before, or would she never utter another word to me again? I couldn't concentrate on anything else, and every time she walked past my desk, I eyed her with voracious hunger, picturing nothing but getting her luscious olive domes in my grasp.

After hours, she came around the corner again. This time, my cock twitched in anticipation, only to be left disappointed when she breezed past to talk to a colleague sitting behind me who I hadn't noticed was still there. They chatted for a while, then she walked straight past me again, and I didn't see her for the rest of the night. I went home feeling cheated. I know I had no right, but I couldn't deny it: Amber had me hooked. Whatever she was doing, I wanted the next instalment, and I spent the rest of the night fantasizing about what that would be.

By the next day, I'd decided not to be a part of whatever game she was playing, and willed myself not to spare her a glance. It wasn't easy, as I passed her outside on my way to get lunch – a genuine coincidence – smoking a cigarette. She had on a black pencil skirt and tights, and all I thought was how sexy she looked exhaling wisps of smoke. Back in the office, I finished my lunch, and was about to leave the kitchen when she walked in. She put something in the dishwasher, then turned and leaned back against the counter. She looked at me for the first time that day and, although I was still trying to ignore her, I sensed her eyes cutting into me. I took my plate to the counter.

'Do you mind?' I said, gesturing to the dishwasher. 

'Follow me,' she said.

Not even waiting for me to put my plate away, she walked out of the kitchen. Common sense told me to just put the plate in the dishwasher, return to my desk, and continue with my day. Alas, I wasn't thinking with my brain. I left my plate on the counter and jogged out of the kitchen. She turned a corner and disappeared into the changing rooms. Without checking to see if anyone was looking, I followed her in. She closed the door and pushed me back against the wall, coming close enough for me to smell the menthol on her breath. 

'Did you enjoy wanking your cock to me after I left?'

'How can you be sure I did?'

'It'd be a shame if you didn't,' she said, slowly caressing my crotch, 'you were ready to explode in my mouth.' She slipped her hand down the front of my trousers and grabbed my cock. 'Ah, someone remembers,' she said as it expanded in her hand.

'What game are you playing here, Amber?'

'One you seem to be enjoying,' she whispered in my ear. Then, in a first for me, she sank to her knees, pulled down my trousers and, lifting my cock, took my balls into her mouth.

'Oh god,' I groaned as she sucked and flicked each testicle with her tongue, the warmth of her wet mouth radiating out into my body. I closed my eyes as slowly licked the entire length of my now throbbing shaft before kissing the tip, coating her lips with the first drop of pre-cum.

'Is that why you've been ignoring me?' she purred, 'did that load get wasted in your toilet, when it should've been in my stomach?' 

I moaned as she pursed her lips and slid them down the length of my cock, fondling my balls with her warm hand. The added stimulation, paired with hitting the back of her throat as she oscillated in a flurry of saliva, brought me to the edge of ecstasy.

'Fuck, Amber, I'm gonna cum.'

She withdrew from my cock with a pop and squeezed my balls so hard that I hunched over in pain. 'Not in my mouth, you little pervert.' She stood, bringing her face as close to mine as it had been before. She released her grip and gently grazed my cock up and down with her manicured nails. 'You're going to finish work, go home and spunk in your toilet again to thoughts of my hot, wet mouth.' She adjusted her skirt, which had ridden up her thighs. 'Then tomorrow, when I ask you what you did, you're going to tell me the truth.' 

With that, she left me alone in the shower room, still aching from her grip, yet so turned on I was ready to paint the walls. By the time I'd got back to my desk, I'd worked out what her game was. It wasn't about the sexual acts; it was about power. She enjoyed the fact I wanted her, and that she could bring the fantasy so close only to take it away. To continue the game, I knew I had to be her plaything. I spared a troubling thought for my masculinity, but soon dismissed it; Amber, the smoking hot assistant I'd fantasised about for months had blown me twice in a week, and there was potential for more.

She was in the kitchen the next morning making breakfast when I walked in. My stomach flipped a little as I laid eyes on the grey-wash jeans tight to her arse. 

'I know they're your favourite pair,' she said, turning around. 'What do you think about when you stare at them?'

From now on, I was a willing player in her game. 'I think about all the things I'd do to what's underneath,' I said.

She sauntered over, imparting an extra sway into her hips. 'Mmm, I do value honesty. Speaking of which, what did you do last night?'

I answered with her words. 'I spunked in my toilet to thoughts of your hot, wet mouth.'

'I know,' she said, and left the kitchen.

And that was it for another week; she didn't look at me, speak to me, or acknowledge my existence. It drove me crazy, and I was unable to banish her from my mind. Even sleep didn't provide an escape. I dreamed about her fucking the CEO while I sat in the corner of the office, masturbating as she wantonly gifted him the delights of her body. His cock was impossibly big – over twenty inches – but the Amber of my dream had limitless depths, and took all of him in every orifice in increasing acts of depravity. She sucked, rode, and screamed as I stroked myself faster and faster. Then, suddenly, she was bent over the desk with a cigarette in hand, her grey-wash jeans inexplicably returned. As she took a drag, the CEO doused her arse like a firehose with an unending stream of cum. She looked at me as the thick torrent streamed down her thighs. She smiled and blew smoke my way and, as soon as I smelled the menthol, the CEO vanished to be replaced by me, still with the monster cock, shooting all the pent up lust over her delectable denim. I came hard in my chair, and woke from my dream in a cold sweat, my cock pulsing as it lathered my boxers with semen.

I went to work tired. The only thing I was able to concentrate on was Amber's strutting legs as she passed my desk – six times in total. On the fourth occasion, she dropped a notebook. I couldn't say whether it was deliberate, but either way, she bent down and my heart raced as a strip of pink cotton peeked up from under her jeans. I didn't blink until she rounded the corner, and then spent the rest of the day stripping her back in my mind to the delicate pink contrasting her rich olive body. 

I left work on time, eager for some relaxation and an early night. 

'This is early for you,' a voice called from behind me.

I turned to see Amber stub out a cigarette. She walked towards me, and I could smell the menthol on her clothes. It was becoming a trigger for turning me on. 

'What colour was my underwear?' she asked.

I couldn't believe I'd considered her dropping that book an accident. 'Pink,' I said, 'cotton.'

'I want you to see them properly,' she said, 'come to my flat.'

I immediately forgot my fatigue, and she led me via a tube and a bus to her flat, in complete silence. Her only response when I tried to make conversation was to light up another cigarette. 

'Do you live alone?' I asked as we entered the flat.

'My flatmate won't be back for hours,' she replied, 'now come through here.'

She led me along a small corridor and into a bedroom with minimalist décor and all-black linen. It suited her perfectly. She put down her handbag and took off her coat as if I wasn't there. As I took in my surroundings, trying to glean anything Amber's room said about her, she walked over and unzipped my coat. 

'I'm going to put on something more comfortable,' she said, untying her hair so it fell over her shoulders. 'Wait here.'

She went into the bathroom and returned a minute later in a baggy white t-shirt and the pink cotton panties. Even though she was braless, a perky pair of c-cups defied gravity under her shirt, and two rosebud nipples poked out in my direction. 

'Warm enough?' I joked.

She ignored me turned around, then lifted her shirt to her midriff. 'So, do you prefer my arse in the jeans, or out of them?'

'I think I need to take a closer look.'

'You think?' she scoffed, walking over, 'You mean I invited you over here and you can't even give me a straight answer?'

I placed my hands on her hips. 'I'm saying I need to do more than look. You know, I've had my cock in your mouth twice, yet I haven't touched you once.'

She removed my hands and stepped away. 'Would you like to touch me?' She caressed her hips and stomach with her hands, taunting me, knowing how much I wished they were mine. 'Do you want to run your hands all over this body? Do you want to caress these hips, feel these glass nipples at your fingertips, and take this fantastic arse in the palms of your hands?'

I didn't answer. I wasn't supposed to. I knew the game.

'I know you do,' she said, then walked over and pulled down my jeans and boxers, her face inches from my anticipating cock. But instead of wrapping her glossy lips around it, she grabbed it and led me to the bed, where she pushed me onto the soft black duvet.

She mounted the bed and straddled my midriff, causing my shirt to ride up. I closed my eyes and savoured the warmth of her smooth, toned thighs on my skin. She advanced up my body until her underwear was level with my chin, and I felt a knot in my stomach as my nostrils caught the aroma of her pussy. When I opened my eyes, I saw that a small patch of her underwear was a darker shade of pink than the rest. I looked up to meet her dominating gaze; she was looking at me like a huntress, the thrill of the game alive in her eyes. She reached back and lightly stroked my cock.

'You know what's occurred to me?' she said, 'You're right, I've had your cock in my mouth twice, yet you haven't pleasured this pussy once.' With her free hand, she pulled back the damp curtain of pink and ran her fingers through the folds of her cunt. I inhaled deeply, drawing in the intoxicant of her sex as though it was just as crucial to my survival as oxygen. 

'Have you fantasised about this pussy? All those times you perved on me, did you think about how it would look, how it would smell, how it would taste?'

I groaned as she shifted her position, enabling her to remove the underwear. She dropped the pink bundle next to my head, then hovered with her pussy inches from my face. 

'Is it what you expected?' she purred.

I stared at Amber's slick, inviting sex and said, 'Somehow, it's better.' At that point I was sexually enraged. My cock was perpendicular to my body, and all I wanted to do was grab her arse and lock her mound to my face.

'Do you want to lick this pussy?' She lowered herself so her slit grazed my lips. 'Can you feel its warmth on your face?'

I couldn't resist any longer, I stuck out my tongue and lapped at her hot cunt. She pulled away.

'Oooh, such a horny boy; how do I taste?' 

Like nectar of the gods,  I thought.

'Show me what you can do,' she said.

She presented her pussy to my mouth. I started slow, exploring her delicate folds, allowing her juices coat my taste buds. Even with the absence of touch, I could feel my cock throbbing; howling at me to pull Amber's tight little body onto it. The desire intensified as she thrust her hips in and out, teasing my tongue.

'That's right baby, reach for it.'

I obeyed. I licked my tongue to the top of her slit and rolled it over her clit. It was the first time I heard her lose control. 

'Fuck, just like that,' she moaned as she pushed her pelvis into my face, driving my tongue inside her. She finally lost her grip on my arms, and before she could grab them again, I seized the sweet honeyed domes of her arse and clamped her cunt to my face. Her moans became cries, and in seconds I felt her thighs quivering against me. I lapped up her juices as she came, savouring the gushing pussy I'd desired for so long.

She wriggled free of my grip. Her breathing was shallow, but she maintained her assertive demeanour. 'How did my cum taste?'

'Fantastic,' I said.

'You love that word, don't you?' she smiled. 'Now that you've stuck your tongue in me, would you like to stick your cock in me too?'

My heart went into overdrive as she slithered down my body and squatted over my throbbing manhood. She caressed it with her fingertips, then guided it to her opening. 'So close,' she teased, smearing my pre-cum into her folds, 'Is this what you pictured all those times in the office when you couldn't take your eyes off me? Having your hands on my arse while driving in and out of me? Should I make it real? All I have to do is slide down this cock...'

'Amberrrrr.'

'Oh.' She abruptly got off the bed and began getting dressed. 'My flatmate will be back soon. Shame.'

I stared, incredulous. 'What the fuck? You said she'd be out for hours.'

'Did I? I guess I was mistaken.'

You bitch,  I thought, you evil, cock-teasing bitch!  Despite my frustration, in that moment I wanted to fuck her more than I'd wanted to do anything else in my life.

'You might want to get rid of that before you leave,' she said, gesturing to my erection. 'You can see yourself out.'

That should have been it. As I walked home, the taste of her pussy still sweet in my mouth, all I kept telling myself was that I shouldn't play this game any longer. Playful teasing was one thing, humiliation was another. Yet despite what my sensibilities said, I couldn't commit to quitting, having just come so close. After draining my balls to thoughts of what might have been, I decided to sleep on it.

Back in the office, again, it was like nothing had happened. She didn't talk to or look at me, and barely came to my area of the office. After a few days, I didn't see her at all; and only learned through overhearing a conversation that she'd gone on holiday for two weeks. Barbados. Who with, they didn't say. Family... unlikely; boyfriend... the thought drove me mad. All I could picture was him ogling her on a beach as she stepped out of the ocean, her toned body dripping in a black bikini; then fucking her on the golden sand, not caring who saw, unable to resist what she'd so far denied me. Her wet hair whipped at his face as she gyrated wildly in his lap, her pussy clenching his rock-hard length. It wasn't long before he succumbed to her, pulling her glistening arse into him and erupting into her depths.

The beach scenario plagued me until Amber returned to work. The moment I saw her, my pulse quickened, reaffirming the obsession I had developed. I kept picturing the depraved acts she'd engaged in with the boyfriend I didn't even know she had. Never had I felt so jealous, and the feeling intensified as the day went by without her speaking to me. As if she could read my thoughts, as I was packing away my things, she came up behind me and grabbed my crotch. 
