 Seth was fed up and wanted to get home to his beloved Molly for a cuddle. All he had to do was get through the rest of the day, drive back tomorrow lunchtime and finish his work, and that was him done for a long weekend. He got back in the office around 3 in the afternoon, feeling less than his best. Slumping at his desk, he fired up his computer and a smile briefly crossed his face as he saw his wallpaper. It reminded him of his plans for Valentines Day; somehow now the day seemed a little more bearable. With that and a quick glance at the picture of Molly that sat next to his monitor, he set about finishing his work.

At home Molly was getting herself ready. She'd shaved her pussy carefully to make sure it was all smooth, and polished her leather mini and shoes. As she pulled her stockings on, making sure the seams were perfectly straight, she started to think about how she was going to start it all off, what she'd say, what she would do first. She slipped into the leather miniskirt; she was getting excited already, and couldn't wait to see the look on his face. She softly hummed a Britney Spears song, with a little subtle change. "Fuck me baby one more time" she murmured as she put on her blouse. Looking in the mirror she was pleased with the overall effect. "God, I look particularly slutty today!" she thought with a grin. She pulled on her stilettos and grabbed her long leather trench coat. It was a present from Seth; they'd had great fun with it, playing at being Neo & Trinity. She still couldn't remove the cum stain completely from the inside of her cat suit and every time she saw the coat it reminded her of the great time they'd had. She made a mental note to try that particular fantasy again soon. With one last look in the mirror by the door, she left the house and headed for Seth's office.

Seth was sat at his desk trying hard to concentrate on the work at hand, but for some reason he couldn't stay focussed today. His mind began to wander, as it often did, and he kept flicking back to his desktop to see the image of the secretary bent over. He couldn't stop thinking about his plans for Valentines Day, and imagining Molly dressed like the secretary. He drifted into a very pleasant daydream about her coming into the office in that get-up and whispering in his ear that she had no underwear on. With a big daft grin on his face, he realised he was horny as hell. 

Molly pulled into the car park where Seth worked, parked up and started to walk towards the main doors. Getting into character, she added a cheeky little wiggle to her walk to complete the effect. She was getting more excited thinking about what was hopefully going to happen and the feeling that she knew Seth would be like a kid at Christmas afterwards. Also the thought that should Seth appear in the car park now, he could take her over the bonnet of the car in broad daylight was driving her crazy. She walked up to the front desk where the security guard was busy trying to fathom out 17 down. "Fish that sleeps at the bottom of the sea, 6 letters" he muttered, whilst tapping his pencil on the side of his head.

"Kipper" said Molly as she walked straight past him and into the open lift. The guard looked around but couldn't see anyone and decided that the voices were helping him with his crossword again.

Seth's office was on the third floor, and the lift seemed to take an age getting there. Molly made a quick call. 

"Hi babe, how're you doing?" she asked. 

"Hiya flower, I'm sat here all on my own, and I've nearly finished, should be home within the next hour or so" 

"Great, could you call and pick a few things up from the shop on your way home" she asked. She had now got to the main office door, she could see Seth's office, and could see him working away, just his light on and the office empty. 

"Yeah what do you want? I'll tell you what, text me a list and I'll pick them up" 

"Ok babe, Love you, see you soon" she replied, hanging up before he had a chance to respond. She couldn't wait a second longer; the thought of having Seth inside her was making her hornier and wetter than ever. She was ready to take him and make him fuck her hard and fast.

There was a coat stand outside the office door, and she carefully hung her trench coat on one of the hooks. She'd tied her hair into an efficient-looking bun and reaching inside her bag for a compact she checked that it was still sleek and smooth. Satisfied that she looked the part, she put away the compact and took out a spiral-bound notepad and pen that she'd brought with her, and carefully opened the office door. Seth was so engrossed with his work that he hadn't noticed the door opening so she cleared her throat. 

"Mr Jones." she said, firmly and clearly. Seth looked up quickly and saw Molly, and his mouth dropped wide open hardly able to believe what he saw. 

"M...m..." he tried to say her name, but instead just babbled the letter M.

"You asked if I would come to your office to take something down for you" she said in her best cheeky voice. She was now in the part fully, she could see Seth's eyes roaming her body, undressing her slowly. She knew his cock would be hard now, throbbing and starting to glisten with the hint of pre cum.

"Er, yes I'd like you to take...er..." Seth trailed off, vaguely aware that he was making very little sense. Molly could sense him flustering and smiling to herself she took charge.

"Oh silly me" she said and quite deliberately dropped her pen. Slowly, to give him the full benefit of the view, she turned round to pick it up, showing Seth the full length of her shapely stocking-clad legs. His eyes travelled all the way upwards from the silver heels of her shoes right up to the hem of her impossibly short skirt, from which at this angle he was allowed a brief glimpse of her buttocks as she retrieved the pen. She stood back up and turned round to face Seth again. By now he had regained some composure and was able to utter simple words and phrases. 

His first attempt at saying something went badly wrong, he tried to say "Miss James, would you please take a seat and take these notes." What came out was "Fuck me Molly, you look fucking sexy, I want you and I want you now." 

Molly let out a deep throaty laugh, she couldn't help it. Getting back in character, she replied in a husky tone, "But Mr Jones, hadn't I better take these notes down for you first?" 

She walked over to Seth's desk and perched on the edge of it, flashing her stocking tops towards him. Her pen at the ready, she looked at him over the glasses that were perched on the edge of her nose.

Seth decided that it was time, he couldn't wait any longer, his cock was aching to be touched by Molly, he wanted her to suck him and wank him, he couldn't wait to feel the inside of her wet pussy, he wanted her and he wanted her badly. He placed a hand on Molly's knee and slowly started to stroke her thigh. 

"You know Miss James; I've always had a soft spot for you." This is what Molly wanted, she wanted him to be the naughty boss who tried to get his way with the girls in the office, and she now wanted him as badly as he wanted her. She uncrossed her legs allowing his roaming hands to travel further up her thigh towards her pussy.

"Well Mr Jones, you know ever since I've worked here I wanted to suck your cock." Smiling to herself as she registered the brief flash of shock on his face at her boldness, she continued " I've always wondered what your cum tastes like, I've wanted to feel it hit the back of my mouth and slide down my throat." 

Seth's hand was now busy playing with Molly's clit, he could feel how wet she was, her pussy was hot and he easily slipped three fingers in. Molly gasped slightly as she didn't expect it, but as he slid the full length of his fingers in, she could start to feel the rising feeling of an orgasm, it wouldn't be long before she came. 

Seth slid his fingers in harder and harder "Miss James I'd love it if you sucked my cock, and let me cum in your mouth. You know I have wondered what it would be like to lick your pussy and taste your juices." Seth was still busy fingering Molly as he spoke; he then dropped to his knees and started to lick her stocking-clad leg, running his tongue over the nylon material. He loved to stroke her legs when she had stockings on and he loved to fuck her while she was still wearing them, he could run his hands up and down her legs as he fucked her, it was an incredible turn on for him. 

He reached the top of Molly's thighs and her bare pussy, she moaned and parted her legs as far as the skirt would allow so he could suck at her lips, "Yeah, lick me" she moaned "then fuck me hard, make me your slut, fuck me like the whore I am." By this point Molly was growling.

Seth took his time licking her pussy; he knew she wouldn't be able to stand it much more before cumming all over his face and the desk. She grabbed his head and lifted it up "Fuck me" she insisted. 

Seth stood up and took both Molly's hands in his. "Didn't you say something about wanting to taste me, Miss James?" he asked in a calm authoritative voice. She looked up at him, pleasantly surprised at him taking the lead. With a grin, she slid off the desk and onto her knees. He moved her hands to his zip and released them. She realised that Seth was in charge now, he was being dominant, something she wasn't used to, but had wanted for so long. It made her all the more horny, she was desperate to have him inside her, but the fact he was telling her what to do held that back. She released his throbbing cock from his trousers, and started to slowly masturbate him. She could feel his legs tremble as he moaned with pleasure, and she bent down and took him in her mouth. Slowly but firmly she sucked the length of his shaft, and when she got to the tip, she pulled back his foreskin and teased the tip with her tongue, licking off the glistening drop of precum there. 

Seth grabbed her head and thrust his cock into her mouth. "Suck it harder, make me cum" he demanded. She responded by sucking harder and faster, she could feel his legs tense up and she knew he wouldn't be long before he came. As she sucked he brought his hips up to meet her mouth; thrusting to match her rhythm. That burning warmth started to rise up his legs; he could feel the surge of an orgasm starting. "I'm cumming!" he moaned. Sensing his impending orgasm, Molly increased her pace; she couldn't wait for him to cum. 

He thrust forward hard and the first spurt of his hot sticky cum hit the back of her throat, it took her by surprise and moved her head back slightly, just enough for his cock to slip from her mouth. Seth hadn't finished; his next spurt of juice landed squarely on her face. Both of them were excited by this, Molly started to wipe his cum off her face with her fingers and then slowly suck it off her fingers, Seth was raging hard still, he wanted her now, watching her wipe his cum off her face made him hornier. He stepped forward, leant over and kissed Molly hard and passionately. He whispered, "Bend over, I'm still hard and I'm going to fuck your brains out..."

Molly's eyes lit up, this is what she had wanted, she wanted him to fuck her hard, fast and make as much noise as possible. She slid to the front of his desk quickly touching his cock to make sure it was still hard. "I'm the slut of the office, you'd better fuck me good or else I wont come back again" she said as she grinned at Seth.

She bent over the desk, slid two fingers into her throbbing wet pussy. "Fuck me" she purred as he moved behind her and slammed his cock in hard. "God, Yesssssssss" she moaned "I've been waiting for this." 

Seth thrust harder and harder building up a rhythm. She had slid a finger down to rub her clit, she wanted to cum hard, she wanted to gush over Seth's cock and balls, she knew when she had had a good orgasm when they were both wet from her.

She was growling "Yes, fuck me like the slut I am, make me yours!" Seth was getting faster and faster with his thrusts, he started to pull out and slam hard into her pussy, this time he missed and rammed his cock into her arse. Molly screamed; she hadn't expected this, it had been a while since they last had anal sex. "Oh god, yes that's it, fuck my arse!" Molly had now slid her fingers into her pussy, she was fingering herself hard and fast as Seth fucked her arse.

Seth liked anal sex, he loved having a tight ring around his cock, he liked the naughty feeling of having anal sex and he loved to cum in her arse. His legs started to tremble and he knew it wouldn't be long before he came again.

"Where do you want me to cum" he panted. 

"In me" Molly replied breathlessly.

He felt the warm feeling again; he thrust hard one last time and squirted his cum into her. As he slowed down with each thrust he squirted a bit more of his seed into Molly.

Breathlessly Seth dropped into his chair and Molly fell face first onto the desk. His eyes closed and his head fell back, that was some of the best sex they had ever had. Molly found the strength to stand up and she turned round and faced him. 

"Well Mr Jones, after that I think we had better make a regular appointment to take down some notes!" She was shattered, she walked over to Seth and sat on his lap.

"Miss James, get my diary out and pencil in next Friday about the same time" he chuckled.

She rested her head on Seth's shoulder and whispered, "I love you and I've missed you while you've been away." 

"I love you too and I really missed being at home with you." He kissed her forehead and felt him self drift off as he heard deep sighs coming from his beloved. His final thought before sleep was "I'd better change that wallpaper..."