 I am lying on top of Jake after one of the most earth-shattering orgasms of my life. I can feel my pussy spasming around his cock and the beat of his heart gradually slowing. I am quite content and my thoughts are out of control. Did Jake really enjoy himself as much as I did? What kind of ramifications will there be tomorrow as we are both back in our student-teacher roles? What will he tell his friends? What will I tell mine? Will we be able to keep this a secret? As if he can sense my thoughts, I feel Jake beginning to move around beneath me.

"Ms. L? Will you unlock the handcuffs?" I lift my head from his chest and smile up at him.

"You don't like to be bound and at my mercy Jake?" I tease.

"It's not that Ms. L. I want to be able to touch you and I can't if my arms are bound like this. Do you think it's fair that you get to touch me all you like and I can't even do the same?"

"Well no Jake, I don't think it's fair. I truly didn't believe you wanted to touch me as much as I wanted to touch you. I am older than you are and so very physically different than the girls that capture your attention." 

As I am telling him how I feel, I reach up to unlock the handcuffs. I unlock each cuff in turn and as I do so, I feel Jake's lips roaming from one nipple to the other. Making each one harder and harder. He can tell that I am getting more and more excited with each lick, nibble, and suck of his lips. His cock—still buried deeply in my pussy—is becoming harder and harder. I finally have the handcuffs off and he sits up suddenly. My arms are looped around his neck and his have slid behind my back to rest lightly on the swell of my ass. He is looking deeply into my eyes—making sure he has my attention before he speaks.

"Ms. L." he begins, "do you really think that I would be here if I didn't find you attractive? You do look differently than other women and I love that. You have no idea how much I love that. Everyone thinks that I deserve and want those girls with hard, athletic bodies, but if they only knew. I love a woman with large, soft breasts. I love it that your body is so soft. Women should be soft. It is so nice to have all of your softness surround me. Just let me enjoy myself."

After Jake finishes speaking, he kisses me gently before laying me down on the bed. I know that I am feeling a slight bit of shock and embarrassment at Jake's words, but he refuses to let me speak. Every time I try to say anything, he places his finger against my lips and shakes his head. After this happens a multitude of times, I give up and just enjoy the moment.

Starting slowly, Jake kisses me gently. He doesn't want to rush anything at all. He licks my lips slowly, savoring the taste. He kisses a path from my lips to my ear. Licking and sucking the lobe for long moments, he begins to whisper to me of all the things he wants to do with me and to me.

"Ms. L., there are so many things that I want to experience with you. There are so many things that I want to do to you. I have never had the opportunity to just explore a woman's body. I am going to kiss and lick my way all over your body. I want to learn the way you taste everywhere. I am going to take my time..."

At that, Jake begins to kiss his way from my ear to my neck. He leaves small, wet kisses. He is being true to his word and tasting every bit of skin that he encounters. He can tell that I am enjoying it immensely through the whisper soft moans that escape my lips as he places his kisses strategically all over my neck and the upper swells of my breasts. Desperate to feel his lips and tongue on my nipples, my hand grasp his head and attempt to hurry him along. He is having none of that.

"Ms. L. I don't want to use the handcuffs on you, but I will. This is my time to enjoy you and your body. If you can't lie still and let me do what I have been dreaming of for the last four years, I will have no choice. Do you understand?" he asks.

"Four years? Jake?" I question.

"Yes, Ms. L. Four years. I have been waiting for the perfect opportunity and it came this evening. I couldn't believe my luck that you were still in your room after basketball practice. I took a chance and now it is paying off. Do you understand that I don't want you to rush me along in any of this? If you don't, I am getting the handcuffs."

He has been dreaming of this for four years? I just can't believe this! I started teaching him four years ago when I moved to this small town. I needed to get away from the big city and just find myself again. The job here is more tedious than any I had previously held, but that is to be expected when you teach all levels of high school English. Jake squeezes me to shift my attention back to him. He is awaiting my reply.

"I completely understand Jake," I reply. "May I touch you if it is in response to what you are doing to me? I promise to not rush you or anything like that.

"Yes ma'am, you may touch me. Just be sure not to hinder anything I might be doing to you at that particular moment."

At that, Jake seizes my left nipple firmly between his lips and proceeds to suckle as if looking for nourishment. My back arches and it is all I can do to maintain some semblance of composure. His hands are soothing me, willing me to relax and just enjoy the moment. As I begin to relax once again, he takes my nipple between his teeth to nibble before he bites it gently. Again, I am taken aback at the sensation of this gorgeous, young man enjoying himself quite thoroughly.

After long minutes of paying the most delicious attention to my breasts, I feel him kissing his way down my body. I begin to feel quite self conscious. I am what society terms a big beautiful woman. I have learned to love my body, but at times I do feel as if men will run screaming when they see that I have so many soft rolls of flesh underneath all my clothing. Jake—always attuned to my moods as well as my body language—pauses as he reaches my bellybutton. Playing with the navel ring he finds there, he looks up at me with a question in his lovely blue eyes.

"What's wrong Ms. L.? You seemed to be enjoying yourself and now you're all tense. Am I doing something wrong? I know that I want to take my own time and do all that I wanted, but if you don't like it..." he trails off.

"There is nothing wrong Jake," I tell him. "I'm just not accustomed to someone paying this much attention to my body. I know that I'm a larger woman and most men don't like that. They rarely pay attention to any part of my body other than my breasts and pussy. To have you kissing my tummy is a new experience and I am enjoying it very much. I am just worried that you will be turned off by it."

"Ms. L." he begins, "I thought you understood. I find you to be extremely attractive. I love it that you're bigger than most women. I love it that you are soft in places where I am hard. I'm overwhelmed by the thought of having you at my mercy and of having the time to explore all of your soft places with my hands and with my mouth. If anything, I am so turned on, I may cum at any moment. I'm having such a hard time holding onto my control. I've never had this problem. So please, relax and enjoy my touching you. It will make it all the better for me if I know you are enjoying it as well."

It is all I can do not to become overly emotional with Jake. I nod at him with a smile on my face. This encourages him to kiss my tummy over and over again. The next thing I know, he is licking my bellybutton and pulling at my navel ring gently with his teeth. One wouldn't think there are that many nerve endings in a belly button, but there are. After he feels me relax, Jake continues kissing and licking down my belly to my thighs. At this point, I am starting to feel a little frantic, but I know better than to rush him. He has completely ignored my pussy and is now kissing and licking my thighs moving his way down my legs to my toes. At my toes, he licks them gently before taking each one into his mouth and sucking. This makes me squirm and giggle. He realizes I am ticklish and becomes merciless in his quest to make me laugh. I lean up on my elbows and look down at him. He grins before running is hands up my legs to my knees.

Once his hands have reached my knees, he becomes serious once more and carefully moves my knees apart before kissing each one in turn. I can see that he has caught a glimpse of my glistening pussy. He realizes that I am very wet and it is not only my wetness that he sees. He realizes that his cum is still lingering within my pussy and this excites him. I feel his heartbeat begin to race. To his credit, he remains calm and licks and kisses his way up my inner thighs slowly, almost reverently. I am breathless at this point—waiting for the inevitable moment when I will feel him breathing on my pussy.

That moment comes all too soon. He is breathing in the sweet aroma of a freshly fucked pussy and he feels overcome with emotion. He has never had the opportunity to examine the female body in detail and he wants to take his time. He seems confused for a moment and until he looks up at me with a question in his eyes, I have no clue that anything is amiss.

"What's the matter Jake?" I ask.

"Nothing at all Ms. L. I do have a question though. Why is your pussy so smooth? There isn't any hair anywhere. There isn't even any stubble. I know that girls shave or trim, but I have never seen anything like this before in my life."

"Well Jake," I begin, "I usually wax the hair from my pussy. I have a friend that offers a Brazilian wax and I take her up on the offer. I usually get it done once a month. It keeps my pussy nice and smooth. I absolutely love the way it looks and feels. Don't you?"

To answer my question, Jake runs his finger up the slit of my pussy which is followed closely by his tongue. I can't stop the deep, almost guttural moan that escapes my lips. He looks up to see a look of sheer pleasure on my face. Jake realizes that I am quite sensitive and takes another long lick. I can't believe how good his tongue feels and all I want is to feel more and more. True to his word, Jake decides to take his time and investigate the first pussy he has ever seen up close.

After a brief kiss to each of my inner thighs, Jake gently parts my outer pussy lips with his fingers. He is intrigued by the sight of a pussy that is so pink and so wet. He sees the crinkly inner lips and moves them about with his tongue. I hear his moan at the taste of my pussy and I am doubly glad that he is enjoying himself. He is looking for my clit and when he finds it, he latches onto it with a fierce determination. He knows that if he stimulates my clit, I am sure to cum and cum hard.

As I feel him lick and suck on my clit, I can't help but to move my hips closer to his face. My moans are becoming short, intense screams as I get closer and closer to orgasm. As Jake realizes that I am getting closer and closer to cumming, he makes more and more of an effort to push me over the edge of oblivion. I feel Jake's tongue licking furiously at both my clit and the inner lips of my pussy. I am on the edge when he slides two fingers into my pussy. That is all it takes to push me over the edge.

"JAKE! Oh my God BABY! I'm cuuuuummmming!!!" I scream. Jake can feel my pussy clamping down tightly on his fingers and he just makes that much more of an effort to keep my orgasm at its peak. I can't speak for long minutes. All I can do is feel the orgasm come over me in long waves. Jake finally slows his fingers and mouth until all he is doing is kissing my thighs softly, over and over again. I lean up on my elbows to look down at Jake resting between my thighs. All I can think is that he looks extremely satisfied with himself at the moment.

"Did you like eating my pussy Jake?" I ask.

"Oh my GOD yes, Ms. L. That had to be the most intense sexual experience of my life. I never knew how good that could be. How did you like it? Did I do ok? You seemed to like it very much. Did I do anything wrong?"

"Jake!" I interrupt forcefully. "You know it felt good. Relax. You did a great job. I can't believe I came as hard as I did. I like it that you didn't let up for one moment. You forced me to take all of that pleasure and more. How do you feel? Is your cock about to explode?"

"Actually Ms. L., it's fine. Once you started cumming I forgot all about myself and just focused on you. You looked so wonderful writhing above me out of control. Your screams were all I needed to keep me going and going. I can't believe how damn good you taste. I know I am going to want another and another." 

With those words, I crook my finger at Jake and have him crawl up my body. Placing my hands on either side of his face, I gently kiss Jake and taste my pussy juices all over his face. I lick his lips and his chin—cleaning his face of all of the wetness I find there. As I am kissing him, I feel Jake's cock pressing against my inner thigh. It is rock hard and the pre-cum is just oozing from the tip. I would love to taste him, but I would much rather feel his hard cock deep inside my pussy once again.

I place my hands at his waist and am about to attempt to roll him to his back to straddle him, but he is having none of that. He takes my hands in to his and places them above my head, holding them there tightly. I look at him questioningly and he shakes his head at me.

"I told you Ms. L. This is my time and I'm going to do things my way. I want to be on top. I want to feel you thrusting up to meet my cock. I want you on the verge of cumming so hard and the only way for you to get it is for me to give it to you," Jake explains.

All I can do is nod helplessly. Jake won't release my hands and the more I struggle, the tighter he holds them. There is nothing more I can do. I lie still awaiting the surprises that Jake has in store for me. Kissing me slowly and with more passion than I have ever been kissed, Jake's hips force his cock to slide back and forth, closer and closer to my wet and aching pussy. I attempt to bring him closer to me. He looks down at me, laughs, and moves his cock further away. He can sense my frustration and it amuses him.

Transferring both of my hands to his left one, I can feel Jake's right hand moving down the side of my body. He stops at my breast to tweak the nipple. As it hardens once more, he rolls it between his thumb and fingers wringing a gasp from my lips. He kisses me once again to capture the sound and his hand continues its descent. His hand has reached my inner thigh, making me wiggle in an attempt to get his fingers to touch my pussy once again. He looks down at me with a gleam in his eyes a second before he circles my clit with one finger.

Jake swallows the moan coming from deep within my body and continues to tenderly play with my clit. I am getting wetter and wetter in anticipation of feeling his cock sliding deep within the depths of my pussy. Jake seems to be in no hurry whatsoever and this makes me almost frantic. I am on the verge of cumming yet again—just from the feel of Jake's fingers playing with my clit. Jake senses this and suddenly pushes two fingers deep within my pussy. This causes me to cum immediately. As I arch my back with the ultimate pleasure he has given me, Jake removes his fingers and thrusts his cock deep into the folds of my pussy—seating himself to the hilt. At this new and larger invasion, my orgasm is renewed and I scream with the intensity of it. My pussy squeezes Jake's cock so tightly that I hear him groan above me. I am so lost in the throes of my orgasm that I feel helpless to make sure he is fine.

After long minutes, I am able to think once again. I look up at Jake and can see the trouble he is having trying to hold on to his control. I know that it has to be one of the best feelings in the world to him, but he doesn't want it to end quite so quickly. He opens his eyes to smile at me.

"How was that Ms. L.? Did you like it? I thought you were going to make me cum just from being inside you again. Your pussy muscles are so damn strong! How do you DO that?" He asks breathlessly.

"It's not something I can control honey. It is just something that happens when I am cumming that hard. Your cock felt so damn good, that I couldn't help myself but to hold on to it as long as I could. I can still feel your hard cock in my pussy and it feels fucking great! Shall we?"

At that, I squeeze Jake's cock tightly with the muscles of my pussy making him groan and laugh all at the same time. Once he regains his composure, Jake slowly slides out of my pussy only to slide it back in just as slowly. He is trying desperately to maintain his control, but I can see that he wants to just fuck me as hard as he can until he cums. I lean up as far as I can to whisper in his ear that I want him to fuck me as hard as he wishes. I continue to whisper that his cock feels so good deep inside my pussy that I am aching for him to fuck me as hard as he can. The moan that comes from deep within his chest is so heartfelt, that I am giddy with the thought of being fucked so thoroughly.

Releasing my hands, Jake kisses me deeply—tongues dueling with one another ferociously—as his hands latch onto my hips to hold them still as he begins to fuck me with such great enthusiasm that I am unable to breathe momentarily. This is no boy fucking me. This is a man intent on not only his pleasure, but mine as well. This is no time for mere words. As Jake's body picks up a faster and harder rhythm, I am unable to take my eyes from his face. He looks deeply into my eyes and at that moment, we completely understand one another.

Rotating his hips as he thrusts forces his cock so deeply into my pussy and triggering what is the first of many intense orgasms that are to come. Jake can feel my pussy shudder and squeeze his cock. This just spurs him on to fuck me harder and harder. I can no longer tell when one orgasm begins and another ends. It just keeps coming over and over in the longest waves. I can't think, much less try to think. 

Jake is getting closer and closer to cumming himself. He is trying so hard to make sure that I am enjoying myself. I have never been with someone so selfless. All of a sudden, he can hold back no more and he roars with the pleasure that envelops him so completely. I can feel the hot spurts of cum hitting the walls of my pussy and it feels so good that I do all I can to drain him of every drop. Unable to hold himself up any longer, Jake collapses against me. His face is resting between my breasts and he is breathing quite heavily. I caress his face gently and muss his sweaty hair even more than it is. I can feel him smiling against my skin, which leads him to kiss me softly and sweetly without so much as moving an inch.

Jake's cock has finally been emptied of his load and yet, he is still semi-hard. It has been an eventful evening at my house and I know that he must be feeling exhausted. I know that I am ready for a long night of sleep, but I don't dare fall asleep until I have taken Jake home.

"Jake, honey? Are you ready to go home? It is getting later and later. You need to eat and get some rest before school tomorrow," I remind him.

"No, Ms. L. I don't want to leave. I'm comfortable. I want to stay the night with you tonight. Please let me stay. There isn't anyone at my house and I don't want to be alone," Jake pleads.

"But Jake, I am your teacher! I can't let you stay here with me. If it ever gets out that we did what we did, I won't have a job anymore! Honey, as much as I want you to stay, it would be a crazy thing to do. How would you explain coming to school with me in the morning?"

I firmly believe that I am acting as the voice of reason in this situation. I really wish Jake could stay with me and hold me all night. It has been so very long since I have slept in the arms of a man. It would be sheer lunacy to allow him to stay. How would we explain everything to everyone? As if reading my thoughts, Jake comes up with a solution.
