 1. The Therapy Session

Alyssa lay back on the soft, leather couch, as she did every Tuesday morning, and prepared to tell her therapist, Dr Miles, about what was on her mind. She'd been coming here ever since her mom had divorced her stepfather six months ago, both of them desperate that Alyssa should not be affected by the break-up. 

She would tell Dr Miles her most private, intimate thoughts, confident that whatever she told him would stay secret. Alyssa got off on the thrill of confession, as much as Dr Miles got off on what she told him. An eminent psychiatrist, in his early fifties, Dr Miles was the best of the best, but Alyssa knew that, as he sat behind her, taking notes as she talked, that he was desperate to fuck her, like most men were. She was nineteen, and it thrilled Alyssa to think of him fantasizing about her as she told him in intimate detail about all the things she got up outside the college classroom.

Today, however, Alyssa was feeling particularly horny, and knew that she was in need of some immediate relief. She guessed that Dr Miles would more than happily provide it.

"Have you had any more thoughts like the ones we discussed last week, Alyssa?" Dr Miles asked, as Alyssa stared up at the ceiling.

"You mean about my teacher, Mr Diaz?" she replied, innocently.

"Yes. Do you still think about him...in that way?"

Alyssa let the question hang, deliberately. 

"Well..." she said, eventually. "I do wonder what it would be like to fuck him, to feel his massive dick inside my cunt. It's all I think about, Doctor."

Alyssa enjoyed shocking Dr Miles with the things she said, and she knew he was getting hard just thinking about her pussy around his own cock.

"But you know it's wrong, don't you?" Dr Miles argued.

"Yes, yes, I know it is, and my stepdaddy would be so angry if he knew I was thinking such things."

"It isn't natural, Alyssa." said Dr Miles, "We need to work on why you're fantasizing about older men."

"What do you suggest, Doctor?"

She turned around to look at him, and she could see his erection beneath his brown slacks. He was still an attractive man for his age, with graying hair, but good skin, and he obviously worked out now and again, as Alyssa had always noticed his slender frame and strong hands. She imagined he was married to a plain old housewife, more exciting in the kitchen than in the bedroom. No wonder he had eyes for Alyssa, and she really didn't mind him looking at her in the way he did. If anything, it excited her.

"Perhaps we could talk a little about your childhood, try to work backwards?" said Dr Miles, "Have you always been close to your stepfather?"

Alyssa settled back on the couch. 

"Always." she replied. "I call him my daddy, and I love my daddy."

"So perhaps this fixation with your teacher is a subconscious way of finding another father substitute, someone who can give you security and comfort, like he did?"

"But it isn't security and comfort I want from my teacher, Doctor, it's his huge, hard cock." 

Dr Miles shifted uncomfortably in his chair. 

"Do you think it's my daddy that I really want to fuck?" Alyssa continued, innocently. "I'm a really bad girl, aren't I?" 

Dr Miles put a hand on Alyssa's shoulder to comfort her, and she breathed deeply, her breasts pressing against her tight, white blouse. She knew Dr Miles' cock would be rock hard by now.

"Let's try a relaxation technique, something to calm you down." he said. "Just listen to my voice." 

Alyssa laid her hands by her sides, her chest rising and falling. Dr Miles cleared his throat and began talking to her, instructing her to obey his commands and go to sleep. His words were silky and soft, hard to resist, but Alyssa had learned long ago how to fake the trance. When he was convinced she was under his spell, Dr Miles began the same questions he always asked when he thought Alyssa was hypnotized.

2. The 'Hands-On' Treatment

"Tell me what you want your teacher to do to you." he whispered, his hand already stroking the bulge in his trousers. 

"I want him to fuck my cunt with his hard shaft." Alyssa murmured, dreamily, "I want him to push his head between my legs and lick out my hot, soaking pussy, and I want him to eat my tits and shove his wet cock in my mouth as I make him cum and cum."

She heard Dr Miles open his trousers.

"How does it feel when your teacher puts his cock inside you?" he asked, already slightly breathless. Alyssa kept her eyes closed, imagining Dr Miles playing with himself.

"It feels so good, but he's so big, I just can't breathe. He's completely inside me, fucking me hard, but I can feel him in my mouth, too, and it feels so hot, and it hurts real bad, because my pussy's so tight and it's stretching so much to fit him inside me, I don't think I can take him all the way, but he won't stop pushing."

"And it feels good?" Dr Miles asked, beginning to pant. "When he's pushing that huge cock into you?"

"Yes...yes...it feels just like when my daddy does it."

"Your stepdaddy fucks you, too?"

She knew that would get him excited.

"Yes, daddy fucks me all the time, and I love it, I love it when my daddy fucks me!"

She heard Dr Miles draw a quick breath, then felt him standing over her, knowing that, if she opened her eyes, she'd see him rubbing his cock over her face. She felt his fingers on the buttons of her blouse, undressing her, her tits bursting from her blouse as he freed them, then fondled them, roughly, his other hand rubbing his cock right next to her ear. 

Slowly, Alyssa reached down to her school skirt and slid her hand underneath, arching her back slightly as she began to moan. She sensed Dr Miles move round to the side of her, his legs brushing against her shoulder, the brief contact sending a frisson of excitement through her sensitive body.

"What else does your daddy do?" Dr Miles asked, rubbing his cock faster, his trousers now dropped to his ankles. 

Alyssa, eyes still closed, lifted her skirt higher, exposing her transparent, blue silk panties, already moist, and she stroked herself along the thin, expertly shaved line of down that Dr Miles could see through the material, pointing to her clit.

"He makes me suck his dick," Alyssa replied, eagerly, "He makes me take his whole cock in my mouth and suck on it."

"I bet you're good, aren't you?"

"Yes, yes...daddy says I'm the best he's ever had."

She pulled her panties to the side so Dr Miles could see her lovely, plump pink pussy.

"Do you want to show me what you do to your daddy?" he asked her.

"Yes, I can show you."

Alyssa opened her mouth, obediently, her eyes still closed, as Dr Miles leaned forward and shoved his cock down her throat, making her gag, but she recovered quickly and turned her body to take him fully in her mouth, sucking furiously on his shaft, up and down, her shiny brown hair falling over his balls as he held her head, directing her rhythm, the tails of his shirt flapping about her face as she sucked, blew, licked and teased him to distraction. But, just as he was about to cum, Dr Miles pulled his cock out of Alyssa's mouth and lay her head back down on the couch.

"You're a very good girl, Alyssa," he said, "I can see why your daddy loves you so much."

Still 'asleep,' Alyssa smiled and licked her lips. Dr Miles reached down to her exposed pussy and squeezed her clit between his fingers. She moaned impatiently, nearly calling out Dr Miles' name by mistake. Dr Miles pulled a condom from his shirt pocket and uncurled it over his still-swollen cock, keen not to leave any evidence. He kicked his trousers off and mounted the couch, his cock standing to attention against his belly. Alyssa let him pull her legs up so the backs of her knees rested on his shoulders, her body almost hanging from him, her heaving breasts falling either side of her chest, and the smile on her face so inviting, so begging...

Dr Miles pushed two of his fingers inside Alyssa's cunt, and she purposefully tightened her channel around them, the smooth pink folds of her mound glistening with pre-cum. Relaxing her body to show she was ready, she waited, eyes still closed, as Dr Miles placed his cock over her blood-swollen opening, then thrust himself inside her. Alyssa gasped forcefully, her tits fighting for position as he began to ram his rod in and out of her. As he fucked her, he leaned forward to try and kiss her, his beard tickling her face.

"Kiss me." he ordered, searching out her mouth with his tongue. 

Alyssa greedily kissed him back, imagining she was tonguing her teacher, Mr Diaz, all the time bucking her cunt as she took Dr Miles' whole cock up to the hilt. 

"Good girl, you're a real good girl...you're my good girl..!" Dr Miles panted, as she felt him build to his climax. And then he came, far too quickly, before collapsing on top of her, his face buried in her large, smooth tits. 

They lay there for a moment, before Dr Miles quickly got off her and dressed, lingering at the sight of Alyssa's yet-to-cum pussy staring up at him. Alyssa writhed slowly on the couch, desperate to cum before Dr Miles counted her out of the 'trance.'

"Oh Daddy..." she whispered, still pretending to be under, "Make me cum, daddy, please...!"

Then she felt his hot tongue on her cunt, licking, searching, pushing itself inside her, then teasing her bright pink bud, which was sore and painful. It didn't take her long to cum, and she gripped Dr Miles' head in her thighs, as wave upon wave of pleasure engulfed her, and Dr Miles drank in her juices. 

Then she fell back into the couch, awaiting Dr Miles' countback from the 'trance,' but instead all she heard was the door closing as he hurriedly left the room. Opening her eyes at last, Alyssa wiped herself down, redressed, and calmly left for class. She knew, then, that she would probably not be coming for therapy anymore. 

3. When Fantasies Come True

The history lesson was coming to a close. 

Alyssa's hot teacher, Carlos Diaz, marched back and forth at the front of the classroom, his pecs bursting through his crisp, blue shirt, so in command. Alyssa was aching to feel his huge hands around her shoulders, as she sucked hard on his rigid cock. 

The bell sounded, and her classmates began to drift away. Then, at last, Alyssa had Mr Diaz alone, just like she'd been dreaming of for months. She pretended to copy notes from the board, as Mr Diaz packed his briefcase.

"Do you need anything, Alyssa?" he asked, preparing to go. 

Alyssa crossed her legs, slowly, her plaid skirt riding up her thighs, which didn't go unnoticed.

"I don't think so, Mr Diaz." she replied, sucking absently on the tip of her pencil. "I'm just a little worried about the test next week."

"I don't think you have anything to worry about," he reassured her, "Your grades are faultless."

"But my stepdaddy thinks I've been distracted. He's scared my grades are going to slip."

"Are you distracted, Alyssa?" Mr Diaz asked, genuinely concerned.

"Yes," she answered, almost inaudibly. "I think I am."

She looked like she was about to cry. Mr Diaz stepped closer and sat on the edge of her desk, his thighs stretching against his trousers. 

"Tell me what's wrong." he said, gently.

"I'm not sure I should, you might get angry." Alyssa said quietly, lifting her chin, her big, green eyes staring mournfully up at her teacher. His crotch was just inches from her face, and she knew that all she'd have to do is reach forward and touch him, and she'd cum, immediately.

"Is it really so bad?" Mr Diaz smiled.

"Yes, I'm afraid it is." she replied, as she ran her fingers through her hair, teasingly.

She pushed her chest slightly upwards, and Mr Diaz couldn't help but notice Alyssa's nipples pushing through her clothing. He felt his cock harden, against his will, and he stood up from the desk and turned away, embarrassed at his indiscretion. Alyssa smiled, then unbuttoned the top of her blouse and uncrossed her legs, her tiny skirt hardly covering her modesty.

"The thing is, Mr Diaz..." she began, as he tried to calm his cock, away from her, "You're the thing distracting me."

"Me?" 

"Yes. I think about you all the time. Every morning I wake up, I'm so wet with dreaming about you, I have to take a cold shower before coming to class, just to cool my pussy."

"Alyssa, please...I don't think..."

"And all through class, I have to try not to cum on the spot, just thinking about what I want you to do to me..."

At last, Mr Diaz turned to face her, his hand held up, commanding her silence, but she would not be quiet.

"When I have to sit here, and try to focus on the lesson," she continued, "All I can do is stare at your huge cock."

"Alyssa, that's enough, I mean it!" 

Mr Diaz looked stern now. He stepped closer to Alyssa and put a hand on her upper arm, trying to pull her to feet. At his touch, Alyssa thought she'd die on the spot. It was the first time they'd ever had physical contact, and it was exactly as she'd imagined, his fingers gripping her skin so manfully, totally in control. She was dizzy.

"I think you should go." Mr Diaz said, urging her towards the door.

"But I'm wet right now, see?" she cooed, and tried to pull his hand to her cunt, but he pulled violently away.

"This is inappropriate behavior, don't make me have to report you!"

His eyes blazed and his voice lowered, his tone meaningful and bold. Alyssa looked to the floor penitently, then walked to the door. Relieved, Mr Diaz hastily gathered up his briefcase and jacket, but stopped when he heard the unmistakable sound of a key turning in the lock. 

Looking up, he saw a satisfied Alyssa leaning back against the door, brandishing the key, before slipping it into her cleavage.

"If you want the key, you'll have to come and get it..." she teased, twirling her hair in her fingers.

"Miss Craven, this is your last chance." growled Mr Diaz.

"I know it's wrong," Alyssa whined, "You're my teacher..."

"Unlock that door right now, Alyssa. I'm warning you..."

"But don't you see?" she purred back. "This is your fault. You're distracting me. And if I don't get my grades, daddy will be mad..."

Mr Diaz marched to the door and tried to move Alyssa away, but she resisted him.

"Give me that key!" he demanded. 

Alyssa smiled, coquettishly, and unbuttoned the rest of her blouse, revealing the key, hugged between her breasts, which hung in a too-small black satin bra.

"You have one last chance to open that door, Alyssa." Mr Diaz said, calmly. 

"Or what?" she threatened, "You'll tell my daddy that his virgin daughter tried to seduce you? Who do you think he'll believe?"

"Something tells me you're no virgin." Mr Diaz growled.

"Why don't you come and find out?" Alyssa teased, the key falling to the floor as she removed her blouse. "We won't be disturbed."

Alyssa skulked towards him like a panther, knowing Mr Diaz was struggling to control himself. She pulled her shoulders back, her breasts sitting fully on her chest, inviting Mr Diaz to come grab them. He began to backtrack toward the board at the front of the classroom, seemingly cornered, but unable to take his eyes off her. 

"Don't tell me you haven't thought about it." Alyssa whispered, creeping closer to him. "A red-blooded man like you, in a room full of seniors. You must think about fucking us, surely? Because we definitely think about fucking you."

"Alyssa..."

"It's OK, sir, I won't tell anyone, I promise."

"Please..."

"It's just you and me, sir, nobody else, and I'll do anything you want. Anything..."

She was next to him, now, and Mr Diaz had nowhere else to go. 

"You're hard already, I know you are." Alyssa said, reaching out a hand to feel his groin. 

Mr Diaz tried to back away, but he was trapped, and the ends of her fingers brushed against his pulsing erection. 

"Just as I thought." she purred, then took his hand in hers, her delicate fingers dwarfed by his large, calloused, palm. 

She stepped closer still, placing his hand on her breast, spreading his fingers so he could feel the full weight of her, the nipple pushing hard through the bra to his fingers. He felt paralyzed, unable to say or do anything. 

"Don't be afraid..." Alyssa whispered, "No-one will ever know. Give in to your desires...let go..."

4. Personal Tuition

And at last Mr Diaz responded, lifting Alyssa's tits from her bra, caressing her, moving his hand from breast to breast, feeling the full size of her, then he suddenly buried his face in her chest, licking feverishly from nipple to nipple, pushing her back against the board as he sank to his knees and gorged himself on her teasing tits.

"Yes...yes, Mr Diaz, oh God..." she panted, "Tell me I'm your favorite, tell me you've been thinking about my pussy all this time."

"You're so beautiful, Alyssa, I've thought about you for years." gasped Mr Diaz, his voice deep and raspy. 

"I've been saving myself for you, Mr Diaz. I want you to be the first one to feel my cunt."

"Jesus..." he breathed, heavily, savoring every inch of her. "I can't believe you've never been fucked."

"Never, sir, I've been waiting, but I can't wait any longer."

Mr Diaz pulled away from Alyssa and rose to his full height, his ice blue eyes piercing her brain. The intensity of his stare took her breath away, as he slowly undid the buttons on his trousers.

"Take off your blouse." he commanded, and Alyssa was happy to oblige, impatient, eager, hungry.

Mr Diaz reached across and tore off her bra with such force, she was caught unawares.

"Oh Mr Diaz..." she gasped, as he lifted his swollen cock from his trousers and held it in front of her. "It's so big!"

He stroked the tip of his cock across her chest, then placed it between her breasts, rubbing it slowly up and down. Alyssa pushed her breasts together, enclosing his hard shaft, as he leaned in to kiss her hungrily on the lips. He tasted of mints, and the faint aroma of his cologne filled her head and she thought she would die with pleasure.

Alyssa felt a hand in the small of her back as Mr Diaz guided her over to his desk. He roughly pushed the contents of the desk onto the floor and laid Alyssa down on her back. She stared up at him, wide-eyed, his huge, purple cock dancing in front of her eyes. 

"Open your legs." he ordered, and she did as she was told, pulling her skirt up to her waist, revealing her thin, blue panties. Mr Diaz reached down and ripped the panties from her legs in one, swift motion.

"Oh god..." Alyssa gasped, in mad anticipation, as Mr Diaz stepped closer to the desk and put his hands on her legs, gently parting them wider, surveying her glistening pussy.

"Just perfect." he murmured.

He placed a finger on her soft down and traced the line of her slit from the base near her ass, up to her clit, taking care to stroke every inch in between. 

"Oh..." Alyssa moaned, the touch of him sending stabs of electricity through her already-sensitive body.

"I bet you're nice and tight." Mr Diaz said, sliding a finger inside her.

Alyssa immediately contracted. 

"Just as I thought..." he smiled, and leaned in, lying on top of her, the weight of him feeling safe, secure, masterful. 

He continued to move his finger inside her, exploring her cunt, as she writhed slowly beneath him. Their faces were inches from each other, their eyes locked, then his mouth was upon hers, sucking her in, his tongue probing, hungrily. Alyssa felt completely consumed by him, this was already better than she had ever imagined. She was in heaven. She tightened and relaxed her pussy around Mr Diaz' fingers as she found her rhythm, then she felt his other hand reach up and squeeze her breasts.

"That's a good girl." he whispered gently to her, "You're nice and tight, ready for my cock."

"Will it hurt?" Alyssa gasped, innocently.
