 We must have drifted off to sleep because it was about two hours later that I wake up with a cramp in my arm. We are still naked, Amelia lies on her back with her head in the crook of my arm, and her hand is still holding my now flaccid cock. She lies with a big smile on her face and I know she must be dreaming about what we did a while ago.

Looking down at her and observe her naked breasts with the still hard nipples, from the dream I suppose, and her pussy with just the blond hair, I get an almost instantaneous hard-on. I turn slightly on my side towards her and move my hand to her lovely and inviting breasts. As I touch her breasts, she gives a sigh of contentment and I feel her hand grip my hard cock tighter and begin moving up and down. I move my head towards her and start to kiss her. Her lips open immediately under mine and allow my tongue to enter her mouth. The kiss soon results in a deep passionate kiss and I soon find my hand between her legs playing with her little cunt lips and eventually her always ready clit.

Amelia is having the nicest dream. For the first time in her life she is dreaming about sex. She is dreaming about her and Hennie being alone on a deserted Island, all naked and playing with each others sex parts all day, every day. They are lying on the beach and Hennie is kissing her with his tongue deep in her mouth and he is trying to enter her pussy with his finger. It feels so real that she opens her legs allow Hennie easier access to her cunt. Her breath gets deeper and begins to rush and she pushes her pussy harder against Hennie’s hand. She also starts moving her hand up and down his cock. She suddenly wakes up with this unbelievable feeling between her legs and immediately knows that Hennie is playing with her cunt and he must not stop until she orgasms.

She moves her lips away from mine and gasps, “Oh yes, fuck my pussy with your hand. I want to come again. Oh my shit, it is so nice. Oh pleasseee fuck me!”

I immediately start to kiss her again and continue to rub her pussy lips and clit. After a while, I start moving my lips over her nose, eyes and soon I am kissing her in her neck. She likes it a lot because she is constantly moaning softly and continues to press her pussy harder against my hand.  When Amelia feels Hennie’s mouth moving towards her breasts she hopes he is going to suck and play with her breasts again. Just the mere thought of it makes her pussy still wetter because she could still feel the tingling in her breasts from her previous encounter with Hennie’s mouth.

I move my lips slowly down until I feel her breast under my lips. I take her nipple in my mouth and softly suck it while moving my tongue over it. After a while, I move to her other breast and do the same to it.

She keeps on moaning, “Oh my, do not stop. Pleasseee fuck me. Oh, yess suck my breasts. Oh, please I am going to come. Push your finger in my pussy. I want to feel it deep in my pussy.”

I push first one finger and then two into her tight pussy and start moving them in and out of her cunt rubbing my thumb over her clit each time I push my fingers into her cunt.

Amelia thinks she is dying. She never thought it was possible to feel like this. Her hart is racing away and she is out of breath as well. Her whole body is shaking and she fells this wonderful feeling spiralling outwards from her pussy again through her whole body. When it hits her she pulls her breath in deeply and forces her pussy against Hennie’s hand. She wants his whole hand in there and it must never leave her pussy again. 

It was not very long before I feel her whole body tense and she presses her pussy hard against my hand and shouts, “I am comminnnnnnnggggggg! Oh, my fuck it is so fucking nice! Fuck my cunt with your fingers I am comminnnnnnnggggggg, Use your whole hand aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, yesss oh yesss, Oooooooooooooo!”

Her whole body is shaking and I again feel my hand get wet from the liquid discharged from her cunt.

I immediately move my l lips down towards her pussy while continuing to fuck her pussy with my fingers. When I reach her stomach, my tongue plays a while with her buttonhole before moving down towards her pussy.

Amelia was so caught up in her orgasm that it takes her a while for her to focus again about what is going on. She suddenly feels Hennie’s tongue playing with her buttonhole. When he starts moving his face lower and reaching her pussy hair she knows that he is going to kiss her pussy. This causes a tremendous feeling of anticipation but also a tremendous fear in her that the smell of her pussy will put Hennie off and that he will no longer be interested in her. Her mother had often warns her that she must wash her privates extra good because it can easily smells very bad.

When I reach her pussy and feel the softness of her pussy hair underneath my tongue Amelia gasps, “What are you doing Hennie? You cannot put your mouth to my cunt. It is not clean and I have not washed it.”

“Relax my darling and just enjoy it.” I say and push my tongue down the slit of her lovely hot cunt tasting her sweetness for the first time.

The feeling of anticipation she experiences, the fact that she is so randy and the fact that Hennie seems to enjoy it soon expels her fear completely. She just knows that this a new feeling she experiences and when Hennie’s tongue touches her clit she almost jumps off the couch. This feeling is something you cannot describe unless you have experienced it yourself, the feeling of his fingers in her pussy and his tongue on her clit. Oh my!

When my tongue touch her clit she almost jumps off the couch moaning loudly, “Oh my, it is so fucking nice to feel your fingers in my pussy and your tongue on my clit! Oh fucks yes, please do not stop. Fuck me like this until I come again. I feel like coming again. Ohhhhhhhhhh! Yessssssss! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Lick my clit Yessssssss!”

I feel her whole body shakes, as she is the throes of a massive orgasm. I pull my fingers out of her pussy and place my mouth completely over it, sucking all her juices out while moving my tongue over her clit.

Amelia feels wave after wave of pleasure coursing through her body when Hennie removes his fingers from her pussy and takes her whole pussy in her mouth. Oh my, and she thought she new what pleasure was. This feeling is so tremendous that she has no control over herself. Hennie’s tongue moving between her love hole and her clit continuously causes her to experience one orgasm after another. Hennie has to stop otherwise she is going to die, on the other hand the feeling is so intense and enjoyable that she does not want him to stop.

I do not stop sucking her cunt and teasing her clit with my tongue. She was now going wild as the one orgasm virtually runs into the next. She is bucking, shouting, and pushing her pussy into my mouth while at the same time pressing my face into her cunt with her hands.

After she has about four orgasms, I slowly move my head upwards licking her body as I move towards her mouth. When I reach her mouth, I start to kiss her with my mouth and face still covered with her love juice.

She opens her lips underneath mine, pushes her tongue deep into my mouth, and gives me a kiss like I never had before. She moves her hands over my back until it reaches my ass and pulls my hard cock onto her still wet pussy.

“Hennie this was something unbelievable. I did not know that any one could have such intense pleasure. I thought I was going to die. I could not breathe and my hart felt as if it was bursting out of my body. Oh, my darling I want to pleasure you as well. Please show me what to do.”

“Will you give me a blow job darling?”

“What is a blow job Hennie?”

‘It is when I put my cock in your mouth and you suck me until I come in your mouth. That is if you want to. Otherwise you take your mouth away and use your hand to let me come outside your mouth.”

Amelia is for a moment shocked. She never thought that you can suck a man’s cock. However she also did not know that a man can suck a woman’s pussy. Surely if Hennie did it to her she can do the same to Hennie.

“Do you want me to give you a blow job Hennie, and do you want to come in my mouth?”

“Yes my darling I will like it very much. It is for me the ultimate sign of love, trust and affection you can show someone by making him comes in your mouth.”

“Is that why you make me come in your mouth Hennie?”

“Yes little one, to show you how much I love you and also to show you another way to please your partner.”

“Then I will suck your cock and make you come in my mouth,” she says and immediately moves her head down to my hard and wet cock, “but you will have to tell me what to do because I do not know how to give a blow job.”

“You first lick it all over down to my balls and back to the head again. Then you take it in your mouth and move it into your mouth as deep as you can. You then move your head slowly up and down while sucking it and moving your tongue around it, especially around the head. The big secret is to try to get it completely in your mouth and down your throat. You do not have to get it down your throat right now. You will have to relax your throat muscles and it will take a lot of practice. All I want now is for you to make me come in your mouth and for me to see you swallow all my come.” 

Looking down at Hennie’s cock Amelia has a sudden urge to taste it and feels it in her mouth. It feels so soft notwithstanding it’s hardness and it feels also alive and vibrant when she hold it in her hands.  She really would like to taste it and see how deep she can swallow it. But it looks so big……

I am still talking when I feel her hand grips my cock and her tongue starts to lick around my head and slowly moving down my shaft to my balls. The feeling was indescribable because I know it is the first time she tastes a cock. I feel as if I am going to come any minute.

When Amelia sticks out her tongue she notices the big amount of pre-cum on Hennie’s cock-head and she decides to first clean his cock-head before trying anything else. She has already tastes come and actually likes the taste. After licking all the pre-cum from his cock-head she decides to do what Hennie told her and continues to lick his cock down to his balls. When she reaches his balls she deeply smells his strong male smell and suddenly has the urge to take his balls in her mouth and to taste them as well. 

When she reaches my balls she surprises my by licking them as well and also putting them in her mouth and softly sucks them while moving her tongue over them.

“Oh yes, Amelia. That is so nice. Are you sure it is the first time you suck cock? You are doing it perfect. Ohhhhhhhhhh Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

She slowly moves her mouth up my cock again while licking it all over with her tongue. I feel the suspense building as I know she is going to take my cock very soon into her mouth. I am so hot by now that my cock is leaking a constant stream of pre cum.


Amelia has to use all her willpower not to just swallow Hennie’s cock. The taste, but primarily the idea that she is about to take Hennie’s cock in her mouth is pushing her to new limits of lust. She can feel her pussy is leaking like a sieve and she has to play with herself so she moves her hand down and start playing with her pussy. The first time in her life that she does it. She just couldn’t help herself anymore and has to take Hennie’s cock in her mouth.

Finally I feel her tongue licking around my head and then suddenly feel her mouth sliding over my cockhead pushing it into her mouth while her tongue keeps playing around my cock. The feeling is something unimaginable. Her mouth is wet and warm and I can feel her teeth sliding over my cock as she finds it difficult to take my thick cock in her mouth. She does not stop however and keeps pushing her mouth over my cock sliding it slowly deeper and deeper into her mouth.   When Amelia feels the cock in her mouth she just knows she has to take the whole length in her mouth. She wants to do it for Hennie and she will do it. When he comes he must be deep in her mouth. When she feels the head pressing against her throat she could not help to gag and has to move her mouth back.

When she has it about halfway in I feel my cock head pushes against her throat and at the same time she starts to gag. She immediately moves her head up again and at the same time, starting to suck on my cock with strong sucking motions and continues to move her tongue over my cock. When my cockhead reaches her mouth again she stop a short while and curling he tongue around my cock head causing me to gasp and my cock to jump in her mouth. 

“Yesss Amelia. Oh my you are a born cocksucker. I have never been sucked like this. Please suck me so that I can come in your mouth.”

Every time she lowers her face she takes my cock a little bit deeper into her mouth and keeps it there for a while trying to relax her throat muscles until she starts to gag. She then moves her face up again until only my cock-head is in her mouth and swirls her tongue around my cock-head causing me to moan and begging her to suck my cock harder and faster and to let me come in her mouth.

Amelia is trying to force Hennie’s cock down her throat when she suddenly remembers that he said she must relax her throat muscles. She relaxes her muscles and when she moves his cock down her throat again she suddenly feels it slips into her throat. She couldn’t help to try and swallow it down and eventually she feels his balls against her lips.

Suddenly when moving her head down again I feel her throat muscles relax and enter my whole cock into her mouth without her even gagging. It was a tremendous feeling to feel my cock-head enters her throat and to feel her throat contracts around my cock. I suddenly also feels her lips at the base of my cock and her tongue starting to lick my balls. That is all that was required to push me over the edge and I feel my come moving up my cock and spurts out deep into her throat.

“Oh yess Amelia I am coming. You make me come in your mouth. Drink my come, drink all of it. Do not waste any. Ohhhhhhhhhh Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

When she feels me coming she immediately pulls her head back until only my cock-head is in her mouth and take the rest of my come in her mouth savouring the taste. She swallows it all and hardly wastes a drop.

Amelia was in the meantime playing with her own pussy and when she feels Hennie coming in her mouth she is also coming and moaning around his cock causing him to come even harder.

When I finished coming she pulls her mouth off my cock and lick it completely clean from my cock-head to my balls. When she finishes she looks up at me, smiles and say, 

“Did you enjoy it Hennie? Did I do it right? I must say I enjoyed it and swallowing your come was very nice. I love the taste and want to taste it often. I enjoyed it so much that I also come.”

"Yes my little darling, I enjoyed it very much. It was the first time a woman deep throats me and also the first time I was allowed to come in her mouth and that includes my wife. You are a real darling and I wish I could be your husband one day."

"But you are my husband Hennie. I consider you my husband in any case and if I ever married another man he will have to accept you as part of our marriage."

“Thank you my darling. That is a nice thought. I will really like it.”

“Hey look at the time. It is almost 4 o clock. I must make us something to eat. I am as hungry as a whale”, she says and get up from the couch to go and prepare us something to eat, “come on help me you lazy bones.”

To be continued…

Please let me know what you readers think about this story. It is important to know before I post the rest.