 The woman lay on her bed, naked, her knees drawn up with feet planted wide apart, masturbating methodically. She was leant back against a pile of pillows, and was alternating between watching herself in the mirror on the wall opposite the end of the bed, and looking directly down at her body and busy fingers. She masturbated with her right hand, whilst caressing herself with her left, cupping and squeezing her breasts, pinching a nipple or sliding her fingers around and into her vagina. She had already had an orgasm, and after a few minutes had begun again, knowing her second would be more intense. She paced herself, pausing regularly as the tension built. She had a lovely body, slim but feminine, with full and very firm breasts, small areolae and pert, hard nipples; a male fantasy figure without a doubt. And she loved it: her body, her sensuality, her attractiveness. She was getting very close now, when, at last, she heard the front door open downstairs and her husband enter the house. He called out, and she increased her efforts; her orgasm came quickly and intensely, and she cried out as the waves of release enveloped her groin and belly. By the time her husband entered the bedroom, she was slumped back, eyes closed, a sleepy expression of utter contentment the only clue to the warm glow in her groin.

"Hi … what have you been up to?" He took in naked figure of his wife, her legs spread wide and vulva puffy and wet, as he began to undress, his penis stiffening at the erotic sight.

"Masturbating. I came just as you came in."

"Damn. Wish I'd been earlier."

"Never mind – I'd still have come just as you were coming in. I've been doing it for ages, waiting for you. I wanted to tease you like this – let you know you'd missed out on watching me masturbating and coming."

"Bitch!" He grinned, pulling his pants off, his now fully erect penis wagging into view.

"Mm-hmm. You want to fuck me – I can tell."

"How so?"

"Your willy's all big and hard. Oh well, come on then. I'll just lie here and let you do it. Try and get it over with quickly."

He climbed on the bed between her legs and entered her easily. She looked down dispassionately as he leant over her, kissing and sucking her still sensitive nipples, his penis pumping in and out of her firmly. She tensed her vaginal muscles around him, but otherwise lay passive. He came after just a couple of minutes, squirting deep inside her, holding himself still as he luxuriated in the vigorous pulsing of his orgasm.

"Did you enjoy that?" she asked quietly, briefly lifting her head to kiss him lightly on the lips.

"Mmmm. Wonderful. Intense."

"Did my pussy feel nice and warm and wet and clinging?"

"Mmmm."

"Good. Now be a dear and get me a drink. Champagne in the fridge."

He climbed from the bed, his sticky wet penis softening slowly. As he went downstairs to get the champagne, she rolled over on her front and opened the draw of her bedside unit, then pulled out a tube of lubricant. She squeezed a generous blob onto the tips of two fingers, then, reaching down to her bottom as she pushed up her hips, she smeared it carefully onto and into her anus, probing first one finger then the second inside herself. For a moment she continued to bugger herself with her fingers, eyes closed in concentration as she rhythmically stretched the tight opening. She heard her husband coming back up the stairs, the delicate chink of glasses preceding him. Quickly she put the lubricant back in the drawer, closed it and dried her fingers on a tissue. He came in, put the glasses down and uncorked the bottle as he surveyed her appreciatively, her head resting on her arms, her slim body, pert round buttocks and long slim legs.

"Do hurry up."

"Do be quiet."

He poured the wine into the glass, then poured some into the small of her back. She gasped, then giggled as he licked and slurped it from her. She leant up on her elbows and took the proffered glass, drinking deeply, then wiggled her bottom gently, eyeing his penis.

"Is that thing going to be of any more use to me?"

"It wasn't of any use to you earlier."

"That was then. This is now, and my bottom needs buggering. It's all lubricated and ready. Look."

She lifted her hips up, moving her knees apart to present him with the best view of her anus and its shiny coating of lubricant.

"See? I used my fingers when you were downstairs. You missed-out again. Do you want to bugger me? I hope so … that's better: it's getting big and hard again."

She lay back down and drank some more champagne as he positioned himself between her legs. She tilted her bottom up for him as he pressed his penis firmly against her anus, pushing gently into her. He began with tiny backward and forward thrusts, pushing deeper with each one. She, in turn, contracted her belly muscles, relaxing her sphincter to allow him easier access. His glans was now all the way inside her. He watched intently as her anus stretched tightly around him, and her hips moved gently back against his thrusts.

"That's nice. Now just push it all the way in please."

He grinned, then pushed firmly into her as she braced herself against him. A low moan escaped from her as he slid smoothly into her. Before he was fully inside her he felt a resistance at the top of his penis and stopped pushing.

"Ok?"

"Mmmm. Good. Bugger me properly now. Nice long strokes. Slowly at first."

She lifted her hips up and slipped a hand underneath to begin masturbating again.

"I do get so wet when I'm being buggered. Harder."

He stroked in and out of her purposefully, revelling in the tightness of her anus around him, and the contrasting lack of friction inside her until the top, when he pressed against the curve of her bowel.

"Wait. My arm's going numb. Let me turn over."

He pulled out of her gently, and she rolled over underneath him, pulling her knees up to her chest to present her bottom to him. Her vulva looked inflamed and slick with her lubrication, her clitoris a prominent button, and she quickly resumed masturbating as he entered her again, sliding easily into her relaxed anus.

"Harder. Faster. This is going to be intense." She gasped.

He was hammering in and out of her now, and she cried out as she came, her fingers almost a blur as they rubbed at her clitoris. With her muscles spasmed tightly around him, he came as well, this time continuing to pump into her as he orgasmed. He slipped from her as his penis quickly wilted and she squeezed him out, then he kissed her passionately before climbing from the bed and going to the shower in the bathroom. She joined him shortly and they soaped and caressed each other under the tingling spray. Finished, they dried themselves in the large and luxuriously equipped bathroom.

"So, did you get to shag the delectable Mrs White on your business trip?"

"Unfortunately not."

"Dear me, is she playing hard to get or are you losing your touch?"

"Neither, I hope. Her bloody husband was also on business in the area, so he stayed in the hotel with her. Got a quick feel of her leg under the table during dinner, and an apologetic look when he dragged her off to bed early, but that was it. I think he's suspicious."

"Not surprised – she's scrummy."

"How about you?"

"Felicity came home from work with me but was going off to dinner with her fiance, so we only had an hour of fun."

"Mmm? Do tell."

They were back in the bedroom by now, lying on the bed, and she climbed on top of him as she began to recount the previous night's event.

"Well, I phoned her just before I left, told her you were away and invited her over, so she came home with me. We got in, snogged in the hall, undressing each other, then I licked her as she sat on the stairs, then we went upstairs, but stopped halfway up as she licked me from behind for a minute, then we came in here and she licked me to a nice orgasm on the bed, then I put on the strap-on and fucked her whilst she masturbated, then she did the same to me, then we lay here snogging and caressing for a while until she had to go. She said it would let her tease her fiance, get him horny as hell and then not let him shag her, and all the time she'd be thinking what she'd been doing with me."

"Has she told him she does it with girls?"

"No, silly. She wants her secrets. Anyway, she only does it with me."

"What did you do after that?"

"Had some supper and some wine, watched telly for a bit, came upstairs, soaked in a bath, depilated my minge, oiled it, fucked myself with my big vibrator and masturbated, thinking about you fucking the delectable Mrs White, even though you weren't, then went to sleep. Woke up this morning, went to work, called Felicity to see how she was and talk dirty to her for a bit to get her all hot and sticky. Her fiance was pissed off when she wouldn't let him fuck her. I told her to ring him up and talk dirty to him, then tell him she couldn't see him tonight."

He was hard again, and she gently wriggled herself onto him, then slowly worked her hips.

"So how are you going to get the delectable Mrs White if hubby won't let her out of his sight? You'll have to do it during the day, invite her to lunch and bring her back here."

"Hmm. She'll be too nervous."

"Then you'll have to find out when Mr White will be away again and invent another trip at short notice on which she just has to accompany you, leaving him no chance to cancel his trip. She is definitely worth it. I shall be very disappointed if you don't get into her knickers soon, because I think a threesome with her is going to be just wonderful."

"Sounds good. Now, sit up and let me look at your gorgeous body as you fuck me."

She did as bid, and looked down on him in a mildly superior fashion as she moved up and down, working her hips sinuously. His hands caressed and squeezed her breasts, then slid down the curve of her waist and hips. She leant forward towards him.

"Close your eyes – imagine you're fucking the delectable Mrs White. Imagine she's just impaled her gorgeous bottom on you, and is sitting here like this, slowly lifting herself up and down on you, buggering herself with great relish. Mmm, I would really like to watch that … ooh, well done, dear, that obviously hit the spot."