 I sat quietly at my desk looking through the glass partition at my pretty co-worker, Sarah. She had been the object of my attention ever since I had accidentally seen her do something a week ago that had left me with my mouth hanging open and shaking my head in disbelief. 

Sarah was probably in her early forties with blond hair, blue eyes and a figure that can be described as quite respectable. She always dressed in such a way as to show off her curves to their best advantage and seemed to have an affinity for wearing denim skirts with tight and sometimes-layered sweaters, her breasts prominently displayed for all to view.

I had noticed that she received e-mails with a much greater frequency than any of the other employees and often made it a point to be away from my desk and standing near hers at an out of the way file cabinet when she would open her Yahoo mail account.

I couldn't actually read any of the e-mails as she opened them because I was too far away but I could tell that for the most part, whoever had sent them usually wrote several lengthy paragraphs and signed their name at the bottom with a single, bold faced capital G.

It wasn't that she received so many e-mails during the day that caught my main attention; it was her demeanor after reading many of them that caused my radar to lock onto her. 

I watched her that day as the mornings first e-mail arrived. She cast a hurried glance around the office and then leaned towards her monitor and opened the mail. As she read the first paragraph, I saw a rosy flush begin to creep up her throat and onto her cheeks and by the time she had finished reading all three paragraphs, she was squirming in her chair with one of her hands in her lap. She typed a short reply and hit send, then leaned against the back of her chair and exhaled softly.

I returned to my office and acted as if I was busy but in reality was watching her out of the corner of my eye. I need not have bothered being careful because as soon as the next mail alert arrived she shot upright in her chair, quickly opened it and within a matter of seconds was totally engrossed in the words on the monitor in front of her. 

I watched as she would smile and nod her head as she read, fidgeting about in her seat, slowly opening and closing her legs to a rhythm that only she could hear and her tongue would dart out and lick her lips, then slip quickly back into her mouth.  

By the time she had finished reading, her hand once again was in her lap and from the angle my view of her afforded me, saw that she was gently pressing downwards against her crotch through her denim skirt.

It became obvious to me at this point that whatever she was reading was of a sexual nature and I felt that I just had to know what it was and who this mysterious G was. I knew her husband from the various parties that the company would throw for us as moral builders and he seemed a decent sort. Although we had never talked much at these gatherings, I doubted that he would be sending her e-mail's of a nature that would cause her to place her career in jeopardy were she to be caught by one of the higher ups.

The next e-mail arrived several minutes later and upon opening it, she returned to the words on the screen.

She became so focused on the words in front of her that she forgot about me in my office not fifteen feet from her and began to repeat her squirming and touching routine. It was as if she were at home and in the privacy of her bedroom so oblivious she was to her surroundings and it was then that she crossed the boundary of office etiquette and did something beyond belief. 

As I watched, she raised her ass off of the chair a few inches and her right hand snaked inside her skirt for a moment and tugged at something. She repeated the movement with her left hand and then got off the chair and onto her knees like she was trying to reach something under her desk. I saw her hand reach beneath her skirt and a small flash of white appear around her knees and as she sat back on her chair it dropped to her ankles and was quickly kicked off her feet to lay on the floor under her desk.

Her panties! She had removed her panties at her desk for some reason. 'What on earth could that have been about?' I wondered.

I had to know what was in the e-mails from G that had caused her to lose all inhibitions and act in such a reckless manner right in front of me.

A quick flurry of activity in the hallway between our offices brought me back to my senses and just as I returned to my work saw her lean over and snatch the panties off the floor and stuff them into her purse.

Acting like I was hard at work I reviewed the incident over and over in my head and then on impulse I picked up the phone and called our I.T. department and asked them to send a technician to my office as soon as they could spare one.

For the next fifteen minutes I actually accomplished a small amount of real work and had become completely absorbed in a client's soil analysis for the landscaping project he had hired us to do at his home.

"You called for a tech?" I heard a shaky voice ask.

I looked up from the papers scattered across my desk to see a tall, thin, young man dressed in blue jeans and a white shirt, his dark hair worn very long and tied back in a ponytail. He was carrying an old, brown briefcase that bulged out at the sides and had probably seen better days. In his free hand he had a cell phone that as soon as he walked in the door and closed it behind him, tucked it into his back pocket.

"What can I do for you?" He asked politely.

I recognized him immediately. It was the office geek; a guy that had the distinction of being called the 'computer fixer guy,' but he was very good at what he had been hired to do and though odd, could perform magic on any computer in our network.

There were rumors that had floated throughout the office since he had been hired that he could find out anything about anyone in the system if he wanted to and that's exactly what I wanted him to do for me. I just had to figure out a way to finesse him into helping me in my quest without being too obvious about my intentions and stroke his ego at the same time.

"I need a little help," I admitted smiling broadly, "and I understand you're just the guy to help me."

He walked to the front of my desk, put his briefcase down and took a seat in one the leather chairs that adorned my office, crossed his legs and put his hands behind his head.

"Let me guess," he said, "you've been somewhere you shouldn't have been and now have a virus to show for it. Right?"

"No. Not at all." I sputtered.

"Well then, what's the problem? Why do you need me?" 

"It's kind of personal, if you know what I mean," I said, "and probably way beyond company policy."

"Ok, you've got my complete attention. Tell me what you want."

"I want you to turn around and glance at the woman sitting behind you in the next office."

"Yeah," he said, turning quickly and then fastening his eyes back on mine, "It's Sarah. So what?"

"Is there anyway for you to fix it where I can see everything she receives? Even e-mails?"

"That's kinda nosey don't ya think?"

"Be that as it may, can you do it or not? You're supposed to be so good at this shit."

"Don't get your panties all in a bunch dude. Sure, I can do it, but why would I want to?"

I sighed, reached into my back pocket and removed my wallet. Extracting two bills, I tossed them on the desk in front of his face.

"Recognize that man?" I asked.

"Sure I do." He said picking up the bills, "Ben's a good friend of mine, a very good friend. But for what you want, it's gonna take two more of him to make it happen."

Without missing a beat, I pulled two more bills from my wallet and tossed them to him.

"Is that enough?"

"Yep, that will do fine." He said, as he folded the four bills and slipped them into his shirt pocket, ran his hands through his hair and then leaned forward and placed his forearms on the desk.

"When Sarah leaves work this afternoon, I'll pay a little visit to her computer and install a program that will allow you to access everything she does on line. Web sites she might visit, e-mails she sends or receives, everything dude. By tomorrow morning you're gonna be in a position to know everything you want to know about her."

"Excellent," I said, "and this little transaction stays between us, right?"

"My lips are sealed dude." He said, as he got up and walked to the door and then turned to face me, "you're gonna be a virtual voyeur and she'll never have a clue you're there."

CHAPTER 2

Quitting time finally arrived and I gathered my papers and charts, stuffed them into my briefcase and walked out my office door, almost running into Sarah in the process.

"Sorry about that Sarah, I wasn't watching where I was going."

"That's ok Brian, I wasn't either. I'm heading to my oldest son's soccer game and don't want to be late. See you tomorrow."

I watched her as she walked away from me, her ass swinging from side to side so provocatively that I felt a smile form on my lips and my cock tingle.

"Soon Sarah, very soon," I thought, "and I'll know all of your secrets."

The next day dawned bright and sunny and there was an extra bounce in my step as I opened the office door and took my place behind my desk. I glanced over to Sarah's cube but she hadn't arrived as of yet, so I removed the papers I'd need today and lay them on the desk in front of me, fired up my computer and waited as it went through all of it's moans and groans before it was ready to use.

I was sure that the computer fixer guy had done as he had promised because I noticed a small happy face stuck to the on button of my monitor. I heard movement out in the hallway and looking up, saw that Sarah had arrived and was setting out her work materials on her desk. I watched as she sat down and reached beside her desk and turned on her computer and then glancing at me, smiled and started her work.

Thirty minutes had passed and I saw nothing unusual happening from her computer so I busied myself once again. Without warning, a small message popped up in the lower right corner that said 'you have mail'. I looked up to see her grab her mouse and click on the screen.

There it was! I was seeing her email just as she was. I was elated because now I would be able to get to the bottom of this and maybe be able to use this new information about her to my advantage.

The first e-mail started out innocently enough, with someone asking how her weekend went and hoped that she had a little fun at home. At the end of the message I saw what I had been looking for, the single capital letter G.

 

I watched as she replied to his message with an explanation of how she had finally managed to get a little loving from her husband but that she was still horny and wondered if G would like to play today? She hit the send button and leaned against the back of her chair, smiling.

It wasn't but a very few minutes that the message thing popped up again and she opened the next email from G.

This time though, it wasn't so innocent as before. He started right off by asking the color of her panties she was wearing today and did she have a skirt on. He went on to ask if she was in the mood for a small story and to see if he could make her panties wet from reading it.

Evidently this was something that they had done before because without waiting for an answer, he started his tale.

**********

"As I have mentioned to you before, my wife had gone to Germany with her father on business and I was home alone. This was in the days before I had a computer and I was just sitting around watching a little TV and sipping on a beer.

 

I heard a truck in the driveway and got up to see who had come over. I flipped on the porch light and recognized our friends, Bobby and Linda from up the road apiece. They were already three sheets in the wind and Linda was carrying a quart jar of 'shine in her hand. After exchanging a few pleasantries and giving Linda a hug, I invited them inside.

 

We went into the dining room and sat at the table, talking and laughing at the antics of the people we knew that Bobby was relating to us. Linda had taken a large sip of the 'shine and handed it to Bobby to take a drink. He passed the jar to me but I told them that I'd better stick with the beer for now and opened another one to stress the point. 

 

Our conversation went on and all the while, they were passing the jar back and forth between them. Bobby's speech had become slurred and every once in a while he would burst out in a maniacal laugh, which of course, made Linda, and I laugh too.

 

Out of the blue, Linda told Bobby that she wanted to sit on his lap. He grinned and pushed his chair away from the table, slapped his thighs and told her to plant her fat ass right there.

 

She was wearing a black mini skirt with no stockings and when she threw her leg across his lap, exposed her cunt to my view. It was as naked as the day she was born and the first time I had ever seen a shaved pussy up close."

 

**********

 

'Man, this guy doesn't waste any time.' I thought, as I glanced at Sarah and saw that she was staring intently at her screen and with a rosy flush beginning to creep up her face. 'I wonder if this guy is just making this shit up or if it really happened?' I looked back down at the monitor and continued to read her e-mail.

 

**********

 

"She asked me to move my chair closer and sit by them, which I gladly did. From my vantage point, I was able to look directly between Linda's legs and at her now spread pussy straddling his lap. She kissed Bobby sloppily with an open mouth and I could see her tongue snake in and out as she licked his face and lips.

 

She handed me the jar of 'shine once again and told me to take a drink with her. I really didn't want to but I did anyway; pussy has that effect on me it seems.

 

Time passed as quickly as the jar of 'shine did and it wasn't too much longer that Bobby was beginning to nod off. She shook his shoulders and asked him if he minded if she kissed me. He told her that he didn't care and that she could even fuck me if she wanted and then broke out in peals of laughter. Linda leaned over and planted a big one on me, her tongue entering my mouth quickly and then withdrawing.

 

I was surprised to say the least but had made it a habit to never refuse a woman what she wants, especially if there might be something in it for me.

 

We made out for a while, her still straddling his lap and me sitting beside them in my chair, and quickly learning the contours of each other's mouths when she broke a kiss and asked me if I was hard. I took her hand and pressed it firmly against my crotch where there was no mistaking the bulge hidden beneath my denim jeans.

 

Fair is fair and I asked her if she was wet. She took my hand and placed it between her legs, slowly moving it up and down her slit. I had never felt another woman's pussy that was as wet as hers was that night. My forefinger slipped inside her cunt without any resistance and she moaned her approval as I started to finger fuck her on his lap.

 

I glanced at Bobby and saw that he was watching us closely with a huge smile on his face and a line of drool running from the corner of his mouth. He was fried!

 

Linda patted him on top of his head, kissed him on the lips and got off his lap. She turned backwards to me and slowly worked her way up my legs until she was nestled against my belly and sitting directly on top of my hard cock. She leaned back against my chest, pulled her short skirt up over her hips and spread her legs as wide as she could. She took my hand and placed it on her wet cunt, pressing my hand hard against her hot, wet core."

 

"What about it, Sarah," the writer asked. "Anything happening at your end yet? Want to hear more of the story?"

 

G

**********

I looked up again and saw that Sarah was doing her squirming in her chair thing again but this time she wasn't alone. I had sprouted a hard-on from reading his tale and beginning to see what she saw in these mails. My hand was in my lap and my thumb was rubbing across the head of my cock making it grow thicker by the second. 

I watched as she typed her short reply.

"I'm gonna have to wring these panties out…they're soaking wet!…more, please."

 

She hit send and her message disappeared into the net and to the unknown man called G. 

Ten long minutes later, another e-mail arrived and I eagerly watched my screen as she opened it on hers to read.

"She was so wet that I was able to put two and then three fingers inside her hungry hole and begin to finger her. She was rocking her cunt back and forth across my painfully swollen cock until she stood up briefly and asked me to take out my cock.

 

I did as she requested and at the same time, unbuckled my belt, unsnapped my jeans and slid them down to the tops of my boots. I held my cock upright in my hand and Linda lightly slapped it away, grasped it with her own hand and rubbed it up and down her slit once and then sat down so hard on my cock that I swear I could feel her puckered asshole against my pubic bone as she ground her cunt against me.

 

She moaned deep in her throat and sat still for a moment, my cock buried deep inside her pussy when she turned her head and kissed me hard, then whispered in my ear that my cock was larger than Bobby's. She eased her ass forward and leaning over, starting to move her ass in small, short, circular motions, never lifting her ass more than an inch or so from my cock. I looked at Bobby again and he still had that stupid, insipid grin plastered across his face.

 

To say that she was wet is, looking back, perhaps an understatement because I could feel her juices flowing from her cunt and soaking my pubic hair. She leaned further forward, put her hands on my knees and started to slam her cunt up and down on my hard cock. Every time she lifted her ass, I could feel her cunt muscles grip my shaft and oh my God, it felt so wonderful.

 

She threw herself back against my chest, kissed my cheek and quickly ran her wet tongue down my neck, my cock still impaled deep in her cunt and asked me to frig her clit as I fucked her. 

 

At the first touch of my finger against her swollen clit, she shuddered and a deep, primal groan issued from her throat. Her cunt gripped my cock harder and harder and my breath was momentarily taken away by the intensity of the moment.

 

I gently pinched her clit between my thumb and forefinger and she started to actually convulse on my lap and almost went totally limp, sighed and lay back against me.

 

After a few moments, she regained her composure and asked if we could lie down on the couch. I looked at Bobby with his head hanging as only someone in the grips of alcohol could accomplish and nodded my head in agreement.

 

She stood up abruptly and my still hard cock slipped out of her cunt followed by a flood of her cream cascading down my legs and then onto the floor.

 

I stood up on very shaky legs, pulled my jeans up enough to manage the short walk to the living room couch.

 

She took off her top, her small breasts now free and unrestrained, slid her small skirt down her legs and kicked it off with her foot. I walked into the bathroom and grabbed a towel off of the guest rack and quickly returned to her, folding it in half and sliding it beneath her ass. I didn't want to have to explain to my wife when she returned, why there was a sticky spot where she normally sat.
