 Miss Prim smiled. The buxom 28 year old had finally decided it was time to implement her plan....to seduce Simon, her very handsome 19 year old voice student. She hurried to the music school where she worked, anxious to get out of the 90 degree heat. Fortunately, there was no air conditioning on the second floor which was going to make her seduction even easier. As she mounted the staircase to her studio, she fantasized making love to the six foot four Simon. She had been mentally undressing him since their first lesson, and was pleased to discover he seemed very well endowed under his loose chinos. Simon consistently wore colorful jerseys with no undershirt, cute short white socks and either boxer shorts or no underwear. Miss Prim decided early on that he probably wore boxers, since he was nerdy and a goody two shoes type...she couldn't picture him going "commando". Well, today she would finally get to see his underwear and hopefully so much more. Miss Prim had purposefully worn the most provocative outfit she could think of, a VERY short dress which was cut quite low in front. Her tight powder blue bra could barely contain her huge breasts and underneath her dress were matching powder blue panties. She opened up the door to her studio slowly and could see Simon warming up inside. He seemed shocked to see her dressed the way she was, but said nothing. During the first part of the lesson, Simon was taking great pains not to look at her, but would occasionally steal a glance down the front of her dress. She sat at the piano as low as she could as he sang, giving him a perfect view of her powder blue bra. As the lesson progressed, Simon's pants began to bulge out in the front. Miss Prim decided it was time to make her move. Stopping in mid-phrase, she suddenly got up from the piano and faced Simon. He immediately stepped back away from her.

"Simon! What were you looking at?"

"Uh...err....nothing,nothing!"

"You were looking down my dress weren't you?"

"Uhhh..nooooo...I wasn't, I really wasn't!" Simon began sweating profusely.

"You were trying to see if I was wearing a bra, weren't you??"

Simon started to turn crimson. "no, I wasn't".

Miss Prim smiled. "well, I am wearing a bra, would you like to see it?"

Simon squirmed and looked down at the floor. "uhhhhhh noooo, nooo"

"That's OK, it's a bit hot in here anyway" 

With that, Miss Prim let the top of her dress fall over the loosely belted waist. Her ample tits bulged out of the tiny blue bra. 

Simon gasped "oh my God!"

Miss Prim just grinned. The front of Simon's pants were really bulging now. He quickly put his hands in front of his crotch to hide his burgeoning erection.

"What's the matter Simon, haven't you ever seen a woman in a bra before?" 

Miss prim stared at him wickedly.

"Uhh...sure...course I have" Simon was talking very quickly, slurring his words. 

"You look very hot. why don't you take your shirt off? It's OK with me if you get more comfortable"

"My shirt!" Simon looked incredulous. "Oh no, I'm OK, it's not that hot in here"

"Oh, but it is, here let me help you". Miss Prim walked over to Simon and quickly grabbed the top of his striped jersey. She pulled the garment over his head with some difficulty, as he kept moving his arms back and forth, muttering under his breath. Finally, the jersey was completely off and Simon turned beet red. As usual, he wore no t-shirt and Miss Prim took in his slightly hairy chest for the first time. She went down his chest slowly, noticing his cute belly button and two inches of blue plaid boxer shorts that were peering out from his trousers. Miss Prim grinned, happy that she was right about his choice of undershorts. Miss Prim loved young men in boxer shorts and short white socks, and Simon was clearly wearing both today. 

"There, that's better" Miss Prim smiled her best evil smile as she put Simon's jersey on a chair. 

"Now, what do we have here?" pointing to the enormous tent in the front of Simon's slacks.

"n-o-o-ot-t-h-h-i-n--g-" Simon stuttered. "n-o-o-t-h-i-n-g"

"Oh, but there is something" 

Miss Prim gently pushed Simon's hands away from his crotch and put the flat part of her palm over the bulge in the slacks. Simon immediately let out a loud moan. She rotated her hand slowly, until she found his prickhead under his pants and boxers. She then took her thumb and two fingers and lightly masturbated Simon's swelling prickhead through his pants. After about 10 seconds of this treatment, Simon's moans suddenly became louder and higher pitched. Miss Prim realized what was happening in an instant...Simon's engorged member was gradually pushing out of the fly slit of his boxers under his pants! Excited about this, Miss Prim vigorously jacked off Simon through his slacks until she thought the full length of his ample endowment was poking throgh the flyhole of his boxer shorts. Then, she got up and once more faced Simon. 

"I think it's time for us to get more comfortable"

With that, Miss Prim stepped out of her high heels, undid the belt to her dress and stepped out of the garment. There she was, clad only in her powder blue bra, brief matching panties and sexy dark blue pantyhose.

Simon went into complete shock.

"ohhhhh JEEEESSSUSSS".

"Now it's your turn Simon, take off your pants!"

"MY PANTS! Simon bellowed..."I can't....I just can't"...he seemed close to tears.

Miss Prim was persistent "Simon, I've seen men in their boxer shorts before, what's the big deal?"

"yeah....b--b-b-b-b-b-b-u--t-t-t-t-t" Simon was stuttering worse than before.

"SIMON" Miss Prim stared at him fiercely "Do you have a boner sticking out of your boxers?"

"I d-d-d-ooo-n't t-t-think s-s-s-oo" Simon could barely talk at this point.

"Then we are going to have to find out..now you take off your pants, or I will!" Miss Prim spoke like she really meant it.

"I -I-I c-c-c-ca-an't" Simon was really close to tears now."

"Suit yourself" 

Miss Prim got on her knees and removed Simon's sneakers. He looked down and his jaw dropped as Miss Prim unbuckled his belt and slowly maneuvered his zipper down, not wanting to get his hard prick caught in the teeth. When the zipper was finally all the way down, Miss Prim pulled Simon's pants down slowly. As they cleared his crotch, Simon's fat eight inch prick bounced out of the fly of his boxer shorts and hit his stomach with a loud THWACK!

"Oh my GOD, Simon" Miss Prim reached into his full cut blue plaid boxers and hauled out his wide meatballs. The sight of her fantasy man, naked except for his nice boxers and short white socks was simply too much for her to take. She leaned forward and slowly took Simon's fat cock in her mouth. He immediately let out a loud shriek and began to spurt buckets. 

"ARRRRRR RRGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHH HHH" Simon almost fainted from the feel of his intense orgasm.

At that point, Miss Prim was suddenly aware of a loud ringing sound. She awoke slowly, barely able to press the bar on her alarm clock down. It had all been a wonderful dream! Miss Prim looked down at her powder blue panties. They were completely wet, and she obviously had experienced multiple orgasms during her erotic reverie. Miss Prim forced herself to concentrate on the clock. Good heavens! She was running a bit late! It was time to get ready for Simon's singing lesson....