 "You're here!"

Sam practically jumped out of his chair and met Janie with a smile.

"It wasn't too hard to find." She said taking his hand as he led her into his office and shut the door.

He leaned in to kiss her but she turned her head away. Sam pulled back and looked questioningly at her.

"Are we alone?"

"Completely."

"Oh."

Before he could guess her intentions, she launched herself into his arms. Sam staggered back with her attack, recovered, and then wrapped his strong arms around her, lifting her tight against his body.

His lips found hers and when her lips parted, he slid his tongue inside. She tasted delicious. He felt her arms wrap around his neck and her tongue came out to dance with his.

"Fuck, I've missed you." He growled against her lips.

It had been three months since they had first been together. They still emailed daily but whenever he had mentioned getting together again, she could never get away. He had started to believe that she was blowing him off. But now, here she was, in Pennsylvania, in his office, in his arms.

Sam couldn't stop kissing her. He half expected this to be a highly erotic dream. He had dozens of them since they had been together. He never had a woman affect him this way. He could not stop thinking about her. Could not stop wanting to be with her. She was quite a few years younger than him and brought a light back into his otherwise dark world. And life back into his cock.

****

"I've missed you too." Janie said kissing the corners of his mouth, his chin, his neck.

And she had. Leaving him that night was the hardest thing she had ever done. It had been a long time since she had felt that way. And she had Sam to thank for it. He had made her feel so wanted that night. And in the following months, all his emails hinted on how much better their second time would be.

He wanted her to visit him in Pennsylvania. She didn't know if that would ever be possible. Until her best friend told her that she was driving up to visit her son at college. It was only a couple of hours from him.

So, she did it. She told her husband she was going to keep Beth company. And now, here she was, in the arms of the man who filled her thoughts.

****

"I thought you would never get here. Next time, I'm coming to you." Sam said, lowering her to the floor and leading her to the black leather sofa against the wall.

"I don't ever want that much time between us again." He growled, sitting down and pulling her sideways onto his lap.

"Me either." Janie replied, wrapping her arms around his neck and bringing him close for a deep kiss.

His mouth opened under hers and his tongue met hers. He groaned at the taste of her. She was better that he had remembered. He ran his hands through her thick dark hair, holding her head steady for his assault. He slanted his mouth over hers, deepening the kiss. One hand trailed down and began to massage her generous breast.

Janie pulled her head away. With a smile, she slid from his lap and began to walk around his office.

Leaning back against the sofa, trying to catch his breath, Sam watched her. She wore a dark blue skirt that came to her knees and flared out. No stockings and a pair of heels. With every move, the skirt swirled out, giving him a glimpse of her bare thigh. She wore a cream colored, thin blouse. Sam could see the outline of her lace bra beneath it. Her nipples were hard and poked against the filmy material.

She turned and looked at him.

"You don't have any pictures of your wife here."

"We just moved to this office a couple of weeks ago."

"Oh." She continued, making her way behind his desk and sitting in his black leather chair.

"So, this is what the view from behind the boss's desk looks like." She said with a smile.

Sam got up and moved to the edge of the desk. He sat on the corner, his elbow resting on one knee.

"Ya know, I've always had this fantasy."

"You have? Well, " Janie stood up from the chair and leaned back against the desk. "Have a seat and tell me all about it."

Sam slowly moved to sit down. He leaned back and folded his hands over his stomach and looked at her. Fuck, his cock was straining to get out. He shifted in his chair and watch her eyes fall to his lap. Her mouth opened and her eyes widened.

"Is that for me Sam?" She asked softly.

"What do you think Janie?" He answered just as softly.

Not replying, she knelt before him and unfastened his pants. She reached in and pulled his cock and balls free of his tight boxers. Her small hands caressed his balls. His arms went to the arms rests and gripped them.

"So hard. So smooth." She said stroking her hand up and down his cock.

"Suck my cock Janie." Sam said, his voice suddenly hoarse.

Janie looked up at him and smiled. She slowly leaned her head down and touched the head of his cock with the tip of her tongue. Sam closed his eyes and groaned. 

"Open your eyes Sam. Watch me." She ordered softly.

Sam opened his eyes and met her green ones. He was held captivated as she parted her pink lips and swallowed his cock deep. Her eyes never left his as she began to move her head on him, her lips and nose burying in his pubic hair. Her tongue coming out to lick at his balls as she deep throated him.

"Fuck babe." Sam hissed, watching as she sucked him. She had the most amazing mouth.

****

Janie smiled around his thick cock. She loved that she had this kind of affect on him. And she loved having his cock in her mouth. And she loved the sounds he made when she massaged the underside on his cock with her tongue. He was velvet and steel all in one. He tasted hot and salty. 

"I'm getting close babe." Sam hissed, ashamed he couldn't last longer. But her mouth was wicked. No man would stand a chance.

Janie began to move her mouth faster on him. She felt his hands slide into her hair and pull her down onto his cock. Janie placed her hands on his thighs and let him guide her. Her eyes still locked with his, she created a tight suction with her cheeks.

"That's it Janie. Get ready."

Sam pulled her head tighter against his lap. His hips pumped at the same time, driving his cock deeper down her throat. Her eyes never left his as he threw his head back and erupted in her mouth.

****

Janie kept sucking until all his cum was in her mouth. She let his limp cock slide free before swallowing in one gulp. Sam looked down and watched her. His breathing ragged. His heart racing. She smiled at him.

He looked down and saw her still kneeling between his legs. He reached down and pulled her to her feet. His hands circled her waist and lifted her up onto the edge of his desk. His hands were at her knees, slowly inching upwards. His fingers caressed the outsides of her thighs. He watched as she leaned her head back and took a deep breath, thrusting her breasts out.

Sam slid his hands higher. His eyes widen when his fingers encountered her bare pussy.

"Someone has been very naughty." Sam said, his fingers brushing against her pussy lips. 

"Maybe you should spank me." Janie breathed, her eyes finding his.

"I would rather eat you."

With that, Sam lifted her skirt to her waist and pulled her closer to the edge. With his hands on her knees, he spread them wide and looked at her pink, wet pussy. His eyes closed as he leaned in and took a deep breath. He could still remember the taste of her on his tongue.

"I have dreamed about this pussy Janie." He breathed against her sensitive skin.

"Sam..." She sighed his name.

Slipping his hands up her thighs, he leaned in close and ran his tongue along her bare lips. He heard her sigh with pleasure. His nose rubbed against the patch of dark hair on her mound. He used his thumbs to part her flesh and then touched his tongue to the tiny muscle he uncovered.

Janie cried out as her hips shot off the desk. Sam used a hand on her stomach to force her back down and slowly began to lick her clit. He alternated between using the tip of his tongue and the flat of it. Every few stroked he would lick from her ass to her clit, sticking his tongue in her tight hole and wiggling it.

"Sam...please....I need....." Janie panted.

"Tell me Janie. Tell me what you need." Sam asked, looking up at her from between her thighs. His mouth and chin glistening with her juices.

"I need to cum Sam. Please." She begged, her eyes holding his.

Sam held her gaze as he lower his head again and started working her clit with his tongue. He saw her move her hand and seconds later felt it sift through his hair. She fisted it in the back of his head and pulled him closer.

"Eat me Sam. Make me cum." She whispered.

Sam was lost. He pulled his gaze away and buried his face in her sweet smelling pussy. His tongue worked furiously over her clit. He slid one finger through her slit, lubricating it and then worked it against her asshole. He felt her tense as he played with her puckered hole but then relax and his finger slid right in.

*****

Janie gasped as she felt Sam slide his finger deep into her asshole. She tilted her hips up to give him better access. She loved ass play and it had been a while since she had anal sex.

"Yeesssssss." Janie hissed, bucking her hips against Sam's devouring mouth.

His tongue lashed at her and lips sucked at her while his finger fucked her tight asshole. She spread her legs wider, lifted her hips higher, her hand dug deeper into his scalp as she pulled him closer to her pussy.

"Yes. Yes. YES!" She cried as she threw her head back and cried out with her orgasm.

Sam grabbed her hips and held her tight to his face as she shuddered. Her pussy drenching his face with her tangy cream. He continued to lick and suck until she fell back against the desk, breathing hard.

Janie raised her head and looked down at Sam. He sat back in his chair and smiled at her. She sat up and lowered her skirt back over her knees. Sam laughed as she tried to look proper. She joined him. 

Then she looked down at his once again hard cock. She slid off the desk and straddle him in his chair. She held on to the back of the chair and slowly lowered herself down onto him. She saw his hand move between them a second before she felt the tip of him enter her wet pussy. With his hand on her hip, he guided her down.

****

Sam let out a deep breath as Janie's pussy surrounded him. She was so wet. So tight. In the three months they had been apart, he had relied on his memory of how she felt around him. It was nothing close as the real thing. 

She slowly sank onto him, he watched as her bare pussy lips stretched around his thick cock. His eyes going to her face as she closed her eyes and finally sat impaled on him. Her hands slid to his shoulders and she opened her eyes.

"I've thought a lot about you Sam." She said softly as she ground her pussy against him. 

Sam settled his hands on her hips and moved her on him. He loved watching her eyelids droop and the hitch in her breath as she rode him. He watched as her hands went to her blouse and she started to unbutton them, baring her white lace covered breasts to him. She reached inside and pulled each one free, offering them up to him. 

Sam slid his hands around her hips and up her back. He pulled her forward and buried his face between her generous breasts. He took a deep breath, wondering what perfume she wore. It was light and flowery. He stuck out his tongue and trailed to across to one hard nipple. He swirled his tongue around it several second before taking the hard tip into his mouth and sucking hard.

"Aaahhhhh!" Janie sighed, arching her back, offering him more.

Sam's other hand came up and played with her other nipple. Pinching and pulling. He knew how much she liked to have her nipples played with. How the sensations shot straight to her pussy, exciting her more.

He took turns licking and sucking each nipple while Janie grinded her pussy against him. The harder he sucked her nipples, the deeper she would take his cock. He looked up and found her watching him.

"You feel so good around me baby." Sam said, his hand coming up to push the hair behind her ear.

"You feel so good deep inside me Sam" She answered, lifting herself slightly off him and then slamming back down.

Sam growled and grabbed her hips again. He leaned and took possession of her mouth at the same time his hand dug into her hips and he moved her on him. Up. Down. Up. Down.

He felt her fingers in his hair as she kissed him deep. Her tongue came out to mate with his. Sucking on it. She moaned into his mouth as he thrust up inside her. 

"Yes Sam." She breathed, pushing down to meet his thrust.

"Oh Janie.....Yeah baby...." Sam panted as he bucked wildly beneath her. 

He could feel his balls tightening. His dick ready to explode with cum.

"That's it Janie. Ride me faster!" Sam ordered, his fingers digging in to her hips as he moved her on him.

Nothing but their harsh breathing could be heard as they fucked each other. Sam could feel his climax coming. He wanted to feel Janie cum again. Feel her squeeze and milk his cock. He reached a hand around and touched her swollen clit. It was all she needed to send her over the edge.

"SAM!" She cried his name as she threw her head back and came in a rush, soaking his cock and balls.

The power of her pussy clenching on his had roaring out in his own release as his cock lengthen and swelled and he emptied his balls deep inside her. Sam held her body tight against his as his cock twitch inside her. Her head was buried against her neck and he could feel her hot breath on his neck.

"Janie?"

"Hmmmm?"

"Thank you for coming."

Janie slowly lifted her head and looked at him. She started to smile then broke out into laughter. Sam laughed too. A deep rumble in his chest.

"It was my pleasure." She said trying to catch her breath. "And your too, I hope."

"Most definitely." Sam wrapped his arms around her and held her close. 

He liked having her body against his. Her breasts pressed against his chest. He just liked touching her. It was a long time since he had felt his contented. They sat that way for a while, Sam stroking her hair, her back. 

"Sam?"

"Yes."

"Where's the conference room?"