 Nancy walked quickly out of her husband's headquarters and down the street toward Dan Michael's apartment. Her pussy tingled wonderfully at the thought of her husband's cock fucking deep into her cunt. And she quickened her pace toward Dan's.

Then Nancy was aware of someone calling her name. At first she wasn't sure, but then she knew it was so. "Nancy ... Nancy!"

A dark car rolled up beside her, and a man leaned over and held the door open for her.

"Get in!" he called. "It's too far to walk from here, Nancy."

It was Dan, of course. He was never one to wait for something he wanted.

She must act natural, as if she hadn't just been fucked silly by her husband.

"Why, Dan!" she said. "What a wonderful surprise ... and you've come just in the nick of time!"

Dan smiled at her. He had been Nancy's lover for a few years, and he knew her very well. He could see now by the flush in her cheeks and her careful walk that she had just been fucked.

He looked over at her thanking his lucky stars for the day that he met her. He had been the prosecuting lawyer at one of her husband's trials. He had watched her come into the courtroom every day to watch her husband argue his case. Her eyes had shone with pride. Then, later, when he had met her at a friend's party, he had been blown out of his mind by the way she had drawn him into another room where they had fucked wildly. It had been that way ever since. Sometimes they even got together with her husband and his mistress. But when she was hot like she was today, he knew that she liked to play games, little games that sent her cunt spinning out of control.

"Glad to be of service, Mrs. Connors. You know that!" he said softly. "How are you?" Dan inquired in the same formal tone 

"Why, I'm just fine, Dan, and my husband is well too. You're looking quite well yourself. 

"I have an appointment I cannot be late for!" she declared. "I think you may have made a wrong turn ..."

"Oh, Mrs. Connors, I was hoping you would drop by my apartment. You know, you haven't seen it for almost a week. I've made a few improvements. You might really enjoy seeing them. They are made for you."

So that was it. Nancy tried to think of what she should do. She had learned that it was important to get into the parts he devised for her, even into the most difficult parts she was to play; if either of them were going to get the "kicks" they wanted from the games. 

"I'd ... I'd love to see it, Dan!" she said. "I hope it's nice and warm. I'm kind of cold. It's a bit chilly for summer, don't you think?"

"Oh yes ... you'll be hot there!" Dan promised, nodding his head in a strange manner.

Dan could feel Nancy's anticipation beside him, and he wanted to let her in on what he had planned, but he knew that she would enjoy it more if she was surprised, so he kept silent.

"Here we are, Mrs. Connors," Dan said, pulling up in front of a small four-story apartment complex. 

Dan hurried around the front of the car and opened the door for her. Then, taking her gently by the elbow, he escorted her up the concrete steps to the front door of the small building. 

"Here we are!" he said, a tone of excitement entering his voice.

The apartment was quite large inside, and although sparsely furnished, it gave the appearance of being very comfortable. A deep wall-to-wall rug covered the living room floor, and an overstuffed sectional couch took up one side of the wall. Nancy went over and sat down on the couch and waited for her next cue.

"Yes, that's right, Mrs. Connors, make yourself comfortable. Shall I make some coffee?"

"Coffee would be lovely," Nancy replied, as she leaned back against the sofa and looked around her. Dan disappeared into the kitchen. 

Hurriedly, Nancy straightened her dress and her hair. She always wanted to look her best; it made fucking better somehow.

She sat uncomfortably on the sofa. The suspense was getting to her. Already, since the material of her dress was so thin, the round brown tips of her bare nipples beneath were showing. What am I doing here anyway? she asked herself.

"Here we are." Dan said, entering the room with a tray. 

The hot coffee tasted delicious, and Nancy sat back, just a bit more at ease than before. She tried, however, to keep her arms in front of her, just in case her nipples showed too clearly. 

"Well, Dan, tell me, how do you spend your time, now that you have so much of it?"

"Oh, I keep quite busy." Dan had taken a seat opposite Nancy in a straight-backed chair that he had pulled up to the coffee table. He drank his own coffee with relish, "I work on my little gadgets ... and fool around with my tape deck."

"What tape deck?" Nancy asked. Suddenly everything inside her was listening, waiting for what the dark-haired man's answer would be.

"Why, the tape deck I use to record things, of course!" he replied "I see someone cheating on their husband, and I say to myself, 'Dan, you have got to teach that little woman a lesson,'" he added with a twinkle in his dark brown eyes. Nancy was silent but a thrill ran through her at the sudden change the game had taken. Normally it was just the old rape game, but this afternoon, with this blackmail thing thrown in, it added a more lustful flavor to it. It was all she could do to keep her hands from trembling on her cup.

"I ... I see ..." Nancy stammered.

Dan was thinking about how well this game was going. He could see how much it had excited Nancy already. Her nipples showed dark and erect through the thin dress, and his cock jerked at the memory of his tongue licking hungrily around the dark, berrylike nipples.

"Perhaps you'd like to hear some of the tapes?" he inquired.

"Yes ... yes, I would like that," she said. A part of her knew that the time was near, that it was now that they would really start the game, but another part of her dared to hope that this exquisite suspense would last a bit longer. Dan got up and started into the bedroom, motioning her to follow.

"This is my bedroom back here," he said.

On legs that wobbled and trembled, Nancy followed her lover into the room.

"There's something I'd like to ask your advice about, anyway, Mrs. Connors," Dan said. "Won't you sit down on that chair there?" He pointed to a chair in the corner of the room. The other corner was taken up with an impressive bank of taping equipment stacked up to the ceiling.

Nancy sat down. 

Dan reached into a cabinet and withdrew a reel of tape. He congratulated himself once more for having thought of recording one of their wilder fucking sessions. He fondled it carefully, thinking back to that night. Dan's dormant cock began to pulse to life as he remembered Nancy's naked body spread hungrily on the bed ready for him to fuck. She had pulled him to her.

"Dan, you've got a huge big cock ... you've got a big throbbing cock!" She had to have it inside her cunt, no longer satisfied by the dildo she had been ramming deep into the clasping hole of her copper-fringed pussy. Pushing him down on the soft mattress of her bedroom, her mind crazed by the lust that seemed to fill the very air she breathed, Nancy had mounted his huge pussy-stretching prick.

Dan seemed to feel that incredible sensation still; it had been one of their better times. His cock throbbed excitedly as he recalled the tightness and the strength of Nancy's yearning cunt, wrapping itself around his up thrusting prick as she bounced up and down on it. She had had him fuck the dildo deep into the tight nether hold of her ass, and he had done so, overwhelmed with lust at the thought that he had almost cum right then and there without waiting for her. And when her young husband had come into the room he had joined them, and Nancy had been pressed between the two of them, her husband Steve and himself. They had fucked her together and singly. Dan had found her stretched and throbbing asshole as willing a receptacle for his lustfully hard cock as her cunt. He remembered how much Nancy had liked having the two deeply fucking cocks inside her at once, and it was then that Dan had ejaculated far into Nancy's asshole in the most powerful cum that he had ever known.

He was glad that he had recorded the session on his small vest-pocket tape-recorder. He had meant to play it back for all of them to enjoy, but in the exhaustion following that mind-blowing cum, he had forgotten about it. Later when he had played it for himself and had almost cum again just from hearing it, he had decided that he would save the tape for later and use it as a surprise in one of their games. He knew Nancy would get a real send-off when she heard it, just like he had.

He slipped the tape cassette into his tape deck, aware that Nancy was watching his every move.

"Would you like to hear this?" he inquired. "I'd like you to tell me what you think I should do about it."

Nancy nodded. She could feel her palms sweating, and the tape began. What could it possibly be, she wondered, what little surprise did he have for her.

"Oooohhhhhhh ... honey, fuck me ... good. Realllll ... gooddddd ..."

Nancy almost fell off the chair. That tape had been made months ago, and that was her voice pleading to be fucked. She remembered the time really well--it had been one of the best with Dan, and then her husband had come in and they had fucked her senseless again. And this little devil had recorded the whole damn thing! She could have hugged him right then and there if she hadn't had a role to play. It was his surprise, and she didn't want to spoil it for him. The unmistakable sounds of Nancy's voice enticing her young lover to fuck her, inviting him to look and feel her nakedness, filled the small bedroom. Then, there followed only the intensely wet sounds and blissful gurglings of wild fucking. Nancy once more heard herself screaming as Dan's deep fucking cock brought a release to all her built-up tensions. Over and over again she cried out as her cums accumulated and grew stronger and stronger. "Oh, fuck me. Fuck me harder, HARDER! MAKE MY CUNT EJACULATE!!!!"

Nancy wanted to stand up and rip the clothes off of her body, but she knew she would have to wait.

"That could be anyone ... Anyone at all! You must be crazy to think you can make anyone believe ..." she screamed convincingly.

"Oh, Mrs. Connors," Dan declared. "I hope you're not upset by this. Actually I did think you might prefer to keep this quiet. It is, after all, so, how shall I put it, intimate!"

Nancy stood and began to blurt out exactly what she thought Dan would want to hear.

"Blackmail!" she cried. "You can't BLACKMAIL me! Why, my husband wouldn't give you a DIME for that!"

It was as if he didn't even hear her argument, and he went on, "... and as for this tape being anybody, I'm sure you've heard of voice prints by now. They are relatively new, but are already considered very conclusive when it comes to identifying voices. I'm surprised that you don't know that, Mrs. Connors."

Nancy sat back down as though the breath had been knocked out of her. Was it her imagination, or did Dan seem to be looking at her in a new way? She was sure he was looking at her tits and she could feel her nipples contracting lustfully at the thought. She kept her legs pressed tightly together as she sat primly on the edge of the chair. It was hard to play the part of an indignant wife when that tape was still playing, with her own voice on it raised like a common harlot's wailing and moaning and obviously enjoying a good fucking.

"Perhaps you'd like to have a drink while you listen to the rest," Dan was suggesting, and Nancy seemed to hear him through a fog. Unhurriedly, Dan went out to the living room for a few minutes and returned carrying two glasses and a bottle of scotch.

"I hope I didn't hurt your feelings, Mrs. Connors," he said. "Actually, you may have that tape if you like. I have another copy." He held the glass within reach. "Do drink this. I'm sure it will make you feel better!"

He himself took a deep sip from his own glass, letting his eyes wander over the voluptuous body on the chair across from the bed. He could always remember every detail of its nakedness, every quiver of her hungry little pussy around his cock. He was pleased that she had taken to the game so well. Her mounting lust showed in her eyes. He would have to get started on her soon or she would blow the whole thing.

"WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME!" Nancy finally shouted out. The tape was going on and on, and the terrible compromising lust of her own voice was driving her crazy. Worse than that, the distinct noises ... the all too explicit sounds of her lover's cock fucking steadily harder and harder into her wetly churning cunt ... oh shit, it was too much to bear!

There was a long silence while Dan seemed to mull these words over in his mind. Nancy downed the whole of her scotch, thankful for the burning warmth it created in her mouth and throat and then in her jittery stomach. Dan leaned forward. He filled her glass again, this time to the very brim, and her hand trembled so that as she lifted it to her parched lips, several drops fell across the front of her light dress.

As she brushed her fingers across the wet spots, she could see the sensuously throbbing mounds of her tits, and the all too well-defined protrusions of her nipples. She shivered as the liquor coursed down her throat this time and then knew that Dan was getting ready to make the final move. She had feared that the silence might go on forever, that he might never speak again the words which would tell her to do what she wanted to do so badly. Yet, that was impossible, of course ... and he had already spoken before the words became clear in her head.

"You were ... uh ... magnificent that night, if I may say so!" Dan's face was radiant as Nancy looked at him, her own face flushed and her features strained by the events of the past few hours. "Since I know that you are prone to enjoy such things, and, I might add, you seemed to find me quite acceptable that night, I thought perhaps ..."

"NEVER!" Nancy cried out. But she was thinking of the feel of his cock fucking deep into her cunt. The situation was more sensuous, yet frustrating than she had thought, and she was going to break soon!

"I was out of my mind that night!" she cried. "You've got to understand that that had nothing to do with me ... not the real me!" It was true that she had been out of her mind the night she had yelled for Dan to come and fuck her, out of her mind with a craving for cock that couldn't be quenched. How could she explain that she had really been temporarily deranged? He knew that already; they both did. She had been that way ever since she had met Dan and found that his taste in sexual fantasy equaled her own. Her husband hadn't minded either because he had his own mistress. They were just one happy family now, sometimes one happy foursome.

"Perhaps you were drugged, Mrs. Connors," Dan was replying, "and that's why you enjoyed my cock fucking so hard into your cunt."

Nancy sucked in her breath, her face flushing at his words.

Dan reached forward to flick a switch that stopped the tape. Then he started it up again. Nancy reached forward and grabbed the scotch bottle, pouring herself a stiff glassful, coughing slightly from the speed with which she swallowed it.

This time, Dan felt his cock jerk slightly as he heard Nancy's recorded moaning in the throes of abandoned fucking. He watched the helpless expression crossing the young woman's face with a new kind of inward sadistic satisfaction.

Nancy stood up quickly and yelled at him.

"I've got to get home! You can't possibly expect me to--why, my husband ..."

Dan easily barred her way, taking hold of both of Nancy's wrists with a surprisingly strong grasp. As soon as he touched her, Nancy knew that it was going to happen soon. She fought him briefly, and then realized that she was just prolonging what she wanted to happen anyway. With great difficulty, she struggled to gain control of herself again. 

"I'm sure Mr. Connors would want you to do anything you could to help me out, and then, of course, you could have the tapes, both copies, to do with as you like. I'm sure I won't need them after today."

Suddenly she collapsed, falling onto the edge of the bed. She sat with her hands covering her face and pretended to sob into them like a little girl would. "I don't KNOW! I just don't know WHAT to do! I can't just let you fuck me like ... like a dirty WHORE!"

Dan looked down at the tanned thighs that were almost completely exposed as she sobbed into her hands. Her short summer dress had snaked up higher than she knew, and he could feel small beads of sweat breaking out on his upper lip as he studied the delicate fullness of her upper thighs. They looked wet. They were wet.

"It's not too difficult for you, I'm sure," Dan said.

When Nancy raised her head, ready to tell him that she would comply with his wishes another time, she saw something totally unexpected that made her cunt jump for joy. There before her very eyes was the heavily throbbing hardness of Dan's naked cock. Sperm was running out of the tip in a little trickle. He stood holding it now, just inches away from her face, and she jumped backward, pretending to scramble away from him.

"OH NO!" she cried.

But he had already grabbed her by the shoulders and was waving his jerlomg penis in front of her face.

"Suck my prick ..." he said, so softly that she thought he might not have spoken after all. But he said the words again, and Nancy knew that she was going to get what she wanted. "Suck it!" he commanded, louder this time, pulling her head and shoulders toward his dripping tip.

"I bet you like to suck cock," he added reflectively. He had thought about this many times. He knew she did; they'd done it many times before. It was one of their favorite things to do.

"This is grotesque, Dan! You can't do this, Dan. You need help, Dan; you mustn't do this to me!" Nancy babbled a steady stream of words absently, hardly realizing what she was saying, but knowing that they were the right ones by the satisfied look on Dan's face. She visualized her husband, handsome and serious, maybe having a good fuck with his mistress right now.

She shuddered underneath her lover's hard fingers. She felt his hand at the back of her head, pushing her face gently but firmly down. His other hand was still wrapped around his own rigid cock that stood out in the air in front of her like a beautiful fleshy instrument of pleasure. She could see him rubbing the cum covered head with his thumb and forefinger, and then, sensuously, teasingly, he was rubbing it softly against her tightly clenched lips. He continued to do so until it was evident that she was not going to open her mouth. She was determined now to tease him a bit as he had teased her. And then he reached forward and pinched her nostrils tightly together.

Nancy fought for a moment, trying to move her auburn head from side to side in desperation, grunting out her protest at the obscene act that was being requested of her. Then, in a sudden gasp for air, her mouth opened wide. Instantly, Dan flicked his hips forward, sliding the swollen pulsing head of his rod deep within the confines of the young wife's tender lips.

Again, Nancy fought, but Dan, feeling the hot wetness of her oral cavity against his expanding cock, tangled his hands into the young wife's hair and forced her to begin a gentle sucking motion.

"Ah ... ah ... oh ... Mrs. Connors ... yessssss!" he murmured, as her lips unwillingly hollowed and expanded with each stroke he made into her wide-stretched mouth. Tiny ridges of soft pink flesh could be seen pulling from her lips as he drew back, and Dan smiled to see his mistress sucking his cock. Passion mounting in his loins as his thoughts wandered, Dan began a rhythmic sawing back and forth, never quite drawing his fucking cock all the way out, but leaving the tip just inside the hot wetness of Nancy's stretched and aching mouth.
