 Hi my name is Sue, I am a thirty something year old happily married woman. I have a wonderful successful husband John and a blooming career of my own in advertising. I am about five foot seven, one hundreds a twenty five pounds, plus or minus a few pounds, have long dark brown hair and hazel colored eyes. I have a bit of a fetish for exhibitionism but that's not really what this story is about.

About a month ago I was informed that I would be required to go to Ohio for a week long seminar our new sales strategies. I hate these things because I always miss John a way too much. I contacted my old friend Carol whom I hadn't seen in many years, she lived in Cleveland and she suggested that I stay with her she had a two bedroom apartment and we could catch up on everything that had happened in so many years. Carol and I had been childhood best friends but like so many other we gradually grew apart mostly because of my family moving to Canada but also the most common thing, boys. I informed John of our plans and he thought it was a great idea he never really cared for me staying in a hotel while on these trips so this made everyone happy.

The drive to Cleveland would have only been a few hours but since the company was picking up the tab I had a very short flight. Carol picked me up at the airport, we were so happy to see each other again. The drive to her place was longer than my flight but it gave us a good chance to chat. About half way there Carol said that she had something to tell me. Her parents had been having a bit of a hard time and her father had come to stay with her while they worked things out. I told her not to worry that I could get a hotel room but she suggested that as long as I didn't mind sleeping on the pull out couch in the living room then we could still have our visit. I told her that I didn't mind as long as they were okay with it. 

Carol told me how she had been married but now was divorced, something about a "Barbie" in tight fitting yoga pants and now she usually lived alone but loved to party. I told her about my husband and our wonderful home life. I got the impression that she considered that to be pretty boring but that was my life and she had hers. Plus now she had Bill her dad cramping her style but what can you do it's family.

Arriving at Carol's place I was quite impressed it was a beautiful building and her apartment was gorgeous. No sooner had we entered the apartment and put my bags down then Bill walked into the living room. He was tall, probably about two hundred pounds but it he appeared to be in pretty good shape, his dark hair had turned very salt and pepper and the most noticeable feature change was the full beard which he now sported. I rushed over to him and gave him a big hug just like I always did when I was younger. 

The three of us sat around that evening having a few drinks and reminiscing about the old days. It seemed that once we began talking it was like a flood gate of memories was opened and we were all younger again for that evening. To my delight I recalled the time that I had done something wrong and Bill put me over his lap and gave my one slap on my bum. Bill reminded me that I had stolen one of his cigarettes, we laughed and Carol mentioned that she was surprised that he never noticed the one that she had taken and later shared. We carried on all evening, laughing and joking bringing ourselves back to what seemed like a happy carefree time. Every now and then as I walked by Bill would give me a little tap on the ass and tell me to keep out of his smokes. It was a fun night that had to end way too soon I had to attend the first of my lectures tomorrow morning and wouldn't want to fall asleep on the first day.

Monday morning came a way to soon and I rushed off to the conference center. Since it was the first day it wasn't too boring but I was glad when five o'clock arrived. When I entered the apartment I was surprised to find that Bill had dinner ready for us, I didn't know that he could cook. During dinner Carol informed me that we were going out to her favorite club this evening, I asked Bill if he was going to join us but he graciously declined say that we didn't need an old man tagging along with us. I told him that fifty nine was not that old and it would be fun but again he declined. It was then that I noticed Carol giving me an disapproving look. I was to find out later that even though she was in her thirties and lived on her own she still never got drunk in front of her father, she would have a couple of drinks but never let herself go. I guess it was some kind of a respect thing.

Carol and I had a great time at the club, too many drinks, too much dancing and joking around and of course we got hit on by many men but never too many. I really enjoyed myself this was something I didn't do often. The music was loud the drinks were flowing too well almost as well as the hands of the men that danced with us. I had worn my short black skirt with a matching black blouse with no bra, I think for some reason the gentlemen seemed to think that I needed help adjusting my little whit thong because their hands always seemed to end up on my bare ass, not that I minded but I was there to have some fun with my friend not to get fucked. I whispered to Carol that we had to leave soon and she called us a cab.

On the way home Carol asked me to do her a favor. She was pretty wasted and didn't want her dad to see her like this so would I mind going in first and talking to him while she snuck off to bed. Arriving at the apartment I walked in first with Carol a little way behind me. Bill was sitting in the living room watching the television and having a beer, it looked like he had had a few but who am I to say, I was plastered. I sat on the couch and he offered me shot of tequila. I knew that I really didn't need any more but wanted to be sociable. After a few shots I went to get up and staggered.

Bill asked me jokingly "little lady have you been drinking?"

Playing along I nodded my head without speaking, He said that I was a bad little girl and must get over his knee. In my drunken state there was no way that I would back down and casually staggered over to him and gently stretched out across his lap. Bill gave me a light tap on the bum and I laughed.

"So you think getting drunk is funny, do you" Replied Bill as he slapped my bum a little harder.

"Sorry sir" I said to him.

"It's too late for apologies little girl, you will have to take your punishment." replied Bill. With that he raised the hem of my little skirt up above my waistline, exposing my bare ass to him. My thong was firmly implanted between the cheeks of my ass and if it wasn't for the patch of material at the waistband you would think that I didn't have anything on. Bill began to spank my bare ass a little hard now. I don't know if it was the booze, my bare ass exposed or the spanking or maybe a little of each but I could feel myself getting very moist as Bill spanked my now stinging bum.

When he was done he pulled my skirt back down and let me up. I told him that my bum was too sore to sit right now so I was going to take a shower. The hot water felt good hitting my naked body except when it hit the cheeks of my ass, they were still very tender. As I was drying off I turned to view crimson ass in the mirror. I put my robe on and joined Bill in the living room but my bum was still a little too sore to sit. 

Bill said, "I see you're still drunk you had better go stand in the corner for ten minutes." 

That worked for me I didn't have to sit. He told me to face the wall and think about what a bad girl I have been. He was really getting into this. I turned around and put my face up against the wall. After about one minute I heard a rustling sound behind me and felt a slight tug on the belt of my robe, pulling the loose knot untied. Then Bill's hands slid the robe off of my shoulders, it fell to the floor at my feet. I was standing there totally naked with Carol's dad seated behind me mo longer paying any attention to his movie. Bill had ne stand there for a few minutes while he got an eye full of my shapely rear view. He asked me if I learned my lesson yet and I replied that I had. Bill told me to come and sit at his feet. I bent down to get my robe but he sharply told me to leave it where it was. I turn and slowly walked toward Bill, giving him his first glimpse of my firm breast and my bare pussy. As I neared him he spread his legs and motioned for me to cuddle between them. As I lowered myself to the floor I couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants.

Bill told me to be a good little girl and he wouldn't have to punish me anymore, with that said he placed his hand on my head and pushed it closer to his crotch. I had been around enough to know exactly what that meant and was drunk enough not to know better. I carefully undid Bill's pants and removed his hard cock. Giving it a couple of strokes I noticed an abundance of pre cum leaking from the tip. I have always like pre cum and gently licked it off of the head of Bill's cock he took advantage of this opportunity to slip the head of his cock between my moist lips. Like a good little cock sucker I looked up into Bill's eyes as I suck his cock into my mouth. With a steady rhythm I massaged his hard cock with my lips and tongue, slowly allowing it to slide in a little deeper with each stroke. Moving my tongue out of the way I eventually allowed it to slide all of the way into my throat with my nose being tickle by his pubic hairs. I remember thinking to myself that he had another beard down here. It didn't take very long for my cock sucking talents to take their toll on Bill. His breathing was much faster, his face was red and I could feel him tensing up. The next plunge within the depths of my throat was enough to drive him over the edge. Bill shot load after load of warm cum directly into my throat, I swallowed every drop. 

At the same time that Bill was unloading his cum into my mouth, I heard the bathroom door close it was Carol, going for a pee. I couldn't let her catch me naked on the floor sucking on her dad's cock but there was no way that Bill was letting my head go, he just kept fucking my face while his daughter had a pee. A couple of minutes later I heard Carol's bedroom door close and breathed a sigh of relief. Bill laughed at the thought of almost getting caught.

Once I finished cleaning his softening cock I told him that I had to get to bed I had a meeting in the morning and he was sitting on my bed. Bill graciously offered me the use of his room. If I had been sober I would never have fallen for that one,

I was asleep in seconds but not for long. I awoke the feel of my legs being spread apart and the tickle of Bill's beard moving up towards my cunt. His tongue began licking the juice from my already soaking wet pussy, pausing momentarily to seek out more clit giving it a little flick with his tongue then sucking it in and gently nibbling. My hips began to thrust into him, he was driving me wild. He would stop at that point leaving me hanging as he went back to servicing my wet slit until I settled down a little then right back at my clit. He was driving me wild and I wanted to scream but I knew that Carol was asleep in the next room. Finally Bill pushed me a little too fat and he couldn't stop me as I erupted into an unforgettable orgasm, with my pelvis grinding his face, my fingers digging into the mattress and my face buried in a pillow so that my uncontrollable moans would not wake Carol.

By the time I caught my breath and the orgasmic fog began to clear, Bill had already moved up and inserted his once again hard cock deep within my vagina. He was fucking me with the steady slow pace that come with maturity, savoring the feel of my cunt as it contracted trying to keep his cock deep inside of me, then driving it back down to meet with my pelvis as I trust up to capture every inch of his shaft. As Bill began kissing my face all I could taste was my pussy juices on his whiskers. His cock darted in and out of his mouth in sequence with his cock in my cunt. 

His hands began to explore the rest of my body, my breasts, my stomach, my pelvic area. One finger joined his cock inside my cunt momentarily then once it was good and wet it entered my ass. I thrust up as he first penetrated my tight little hole but soon relaxed and enjoyed the sensation of Bill taking me in three holes at the same time.

Bill's pace was beginning to increase and I knew that I couldn't hold back any longer either. With Bill about to explode within my I burst into my second orgasm of the night Humping and bucking Bill as his cock deposited its seed deep within my womb. Again I had to fight the urge to scream as wave after wave of orgasmic bliss flooded my body.

As I ebbed I felt Bill collapse on top of me. The next thing I knew my alarm was going off, I had to get up for work. I crept out of Bill's bed praying that Carol wouldn't catch me. Luckily she was still sleeping it off. 

That day's seminars seemed to drag partially because I was still hung over but mostly because I was totally exhausted from the awesome fucking that I had received last night. By the time that I arrived back at the apartment Carol and Bill were there and dinner was ready. Carol could see how tired I was and assumed it was from my hangover. Bill graciously suggested that I take over his room and he would sleep on the couch.

I went to bed early that evening and slept like a baby, well at least I did until I was awoken by the tickle of the whiskers. The two weeks went by quickly Bill and I fucked like a couple of rabbits in heat and as far as I know Carol never caught on.

Thanks for the fantasy Bill from Ohio.

Luv Sue.