 Nancy smiled as she looked out at the trees. It was summer. She could feel a lingering lust in her shapely limbs as she remembered her husband's lecherous, hot caresses of the night before. She doubted if any other senator-to-be's wife could boast of such wild, unrestrained fucking from her husband! Now, instead of ignoring her the way he had when they had first been married and he was starting out in establishing his law firm, he insisted on fucking her frequently, pulling her down onto the den couch with him at the oddest moments, or pushing everyone out of the office or election headquarters so that they could lie together on the floor and squirm nakedly together in the middle of a busy afternoon.

Nancy blushed at the thought, but it was wonderful to feel desired by her husband, and she felt she had changed because of his attentions, becoming much more desirable and passionate. Her slender, voluptuous body had grown accustomed to the ever more intense fuckings that her husband treated it to, and Nancy often thought of herself as an animal who needed more and more love, like the love she got with Dan Michaels. Only this love was not sinful or evil since she indulged in it with her own consent!

"Nancy!"

She jumped at the sound of her husband's voice and turned toward him.

"Yes, darling," she replied, looking at his thick auburn hair and those piercing but kindly brown eyes and the strong chin that she loved so well. 

"What are you thinking?" he asked. 

Nancy blushed and looked at Steve's secretary who was standing nearby. The young woman smiled and turned to leave the office. 

"Thinking about the good fucking I gave you last night?" he asked, even before the secretary had left the room.

"Steve!" Nancy cried.

The door closed behind the secretary and Steve rose to catch his wife around the waist. He held her close up against him, so close that Nancy could feel every ridge of his rising cock against her soft trembling belly.

"Yes," she admitted. "Yes, I was thinking of that!"

"Want some more?" he inquired, teasingly, holding her tighter still, until Nancy could feel the beginning of the weakness that she often got before she gave in completely to the mounting strength of her desire.

"Tonight ... as soon as you come home!" she replied, kissing him softly on the neck, her arms twined about his neck. As much as she enjoyed the wickedness of being fucked by her husband in his campaign headquarters, she really didn't have time for it today. She was supposed to meet Dan in an hour. She had a few things to do before she met him for their once a week meeting, and her pussy tingled hotly at what he might have planned for that afternoon.

"I have a few minutes right now," Steve declared, "for a quick fuck."

The softness of her summer dress made Nancy feel almost naked as she stood there in his arms. As it was, she no longer wore any bra at all, hadn't worn one for years, and she had on only the briefest of bikini panties, so tiny that they just barely covered the tiny dark triangle of her fur-covered pussy. She could feel the tops of her inner thighs rubbing warmly together, and she parted her legs ever so slightly, feeling a fullness and a yearning for his cock fucking deep in her belly that made her shiver. Her cunt was getting wet.

She was about to agree to a quickie when a buzzer sounded behind them at her husband's desk.

Steve left her and pressed a button.

"Mr. Brown on the line, sir," his secretary replied.

Nancy made a face and Steve looked at her as if to say, "What can I do?" Phillip Brown was the leader of the Republican Party in Kansas, and it was important to Steve Connor's campaign that he have his support. It would mean the difference between winning and losing.

"Put him on," Steve said, sitting down in the wooden desk chair.

Nancy approached him and kissed him gently on the forehead. "Charm him silly," she said. "You need his support."

Steve grabbed his wife around her waist and pulled her to him, kissing her deeply before he answered the phone.

"Mr. Brown, glad you could return my call."

Steve let go of his wife and motioned for her to lock the door, and, with a secret smile, she did so. His wife was very good at knowing what he wanted. If he wanted to fuck, which was what he normally wanted to do, then she would want to as well. They had one hell of a successful arrangement, even to being able to have their own extramarital activities, as long as they were very discreet and they wouldn't hurt his political career.

Nancy's reddish hair was tied back in a loose ponytail at the nape of her neck, and now as she stood beside her husband, she untied it, letting it fall in silken copper waves around her shoulders. Her bright gray eyes sparkled with anticipation. Her heart-shaped face was free from all but a minimal amount of makeup. A look of anticipation passed over her face as she knelt down on the floor beside her husband's seated figure.

"Sure, lunch sounds fine. My wife? Certainly she'd love to come with us tomorrow. That sounds fine. We can leave the discussion until then. Right." He hung up the phone as his wife reached toward the zipper of his fly. The soft sound of it unzipping seemed to fill the room as Steve swung his chair around sideways. Easily, Nancy's deft fingers reached up and clasped the thickly throbbing mass of Steve's cock. He leaned his head back against the chair and let his mind be absorbed by her fingers as they began a slow up and down movement on the nakedly exposed flesh.

Nancy held her husband's thick pulsing penis in one hand and began to pull the thick foreskin down, sending the rubbery tip of his prick shooting upward to glisten nakedly in the air.

"Nice and hard," she mumbled so softly that no one in the outer offices could hear. "Oooooh, how nice!" "Oooohhhh, is that sperm I see at the tip baby?" She looked up inquiringly and Steve nodded to her once more, in such a way that she knew perfectly well what he meant. Standing up, Nancy slid her thin summer dress upward, revealing beneath it her shapely, well developed legs, tanned to perfection. She removed her sandals and stood in her bare feet on the deep pile of the rug of Steve's headquarters, and then, reaching upward, she began to slip off her flimsy silk panties. Nancy's pussy was covered with deep coppery curls, and Steve could feel his hardened cock give an excited jerk at the sight of it. One large spray of semen lurched out from the tip of his rod splatting on the floor. 

"Ohhhh Shit baby. You're already loaded up!" He watched with admiration as his wife's face clouded over with a desire that promised one hell of a fuck and made his cock jerk painfully again releasing another wad of semen. His imagination leapt ahead to what was to come. Nancy's soft lips quivered as she slowly moved closer. 

"Fuck honey. If you keep doing that you won't have anything to give me. We can't have that. Your cum, your beautiful seed is all mine."

Her panties had been kicked off, and now she spread her legs wide as he closed his knees together. Centered between the shiny pink flesh of her hips and the soft rounded shape of her belly lay the perfect furry triangle of Nancy's quivering pussy which was shining with drops of cunt juice. She seemed about to do a split as her feet slipped outward further and further from her husband's hard thighs. Simultaneously, the soft, curl-rimmed mouth of her cunt was opening wider still as she lowered herself onto the swollen throbbing prick below. "I'm going to fucking make my cunt ejaculate it's cream allllll overrrrr yourrrrrr gigantic balls."

"Mmmmmmm ... yesssss ... yessssssss ..." Steve was moaning. There was nothing that made his day more than a call from his beautiful wife and a wild fucking session with her in his campaign headquarters.

Nancy brought herself slowly down as she faced her excited husband. She bit her lower lip as she felt the hardness of Steve's cock touching against her naked cunt flesh. She let herself remain poised upon its hotly quivering tip; her trembling pussy lips pulsing and dripping against his huge jerking cock ... and then she began to move. Pressing her soft trembling tits beneath her loosely cut dress against his chest, her slick, wet outer cuntlips were beginning to slip up and down the length of his cock, though he had not yet entered her.

Steve began to daydream ... thinking of all the times he had fucked his lovely wife, each succeeding time was better than the last. All these things went through his head as his cock grew harder and harder. His exciting wife was moving faster and faster, building up a friction in the external area of her widespread pussy, feeling her young husband's cock throb and tremble against her. She slowed her pace and began to ride slowly and sensuously over it. The huge prick between her legs felt good to her as the thick foreskin slid back and forth beneath the pressure, and finally the swollen pulsing head became a huge mass against the mouth of her hungry pussy, rubbing up against her sensitive clit. She knew it was time then.

Her Steve's wonderful cock! she thought to herself. She smiled at him as she panted above him and then planted small kisses on his lips. Her quivering tits nudging into his chest, her soft sweet breath in his nostrils, her wet quivering cunt on his cock ... he was in heaven!

Nancy's creamy white thighs spread outward and the pink slit of her hot seeping pussy nestled lovingly now against his heavily throbbing cock where it thrust upward from the opening in his pants. Steve moved his arms around his beautiful wife and she put hers up around his neck. Her tight gripping pussy slid tenderly up and down along the huge shaft of his cock, and her body began to jerk wildly. His passionate wife was deep in an erotic trance. She could not voice her pleasure because it seemed to fill her body and rob her of all but the feeling of his penis nudging her cunt.

She reached her hand down and spread her aching pussy lips with her fingers as much as possible and then let his cock fit up inside their cum-slick circumference.

Unable to stand any more of it, Steve cried out and bucked his hips forward and upward as hard as he could. Nancy could hardly keep from crying out, but somehow she managed as the huge cunt-splitting cock fucked slowly upward into her gripping vagina. Slowly it wormed its way up into her, and she worked her hips down upon it, filling herself with its hugeness, loving it, and wanting it with all her seething flesh.

He began to fuck upward higher and higher into the wet darkness of his wife's hungry cunt.

"Oh yeah ... oh yeah ... oh yeah ..." he murmured. "Yes, yes, YES!" "You're going to fucking pump my sperm out baby. You're going to force my penis into an ejaculation"

Nancy wanted to scream out to him as she sometimes did when they were alone at home. But with a soft panging breath she almost whispered in his ear, "Oh fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me, Steve. Fuck me good and hard!"

The young husband had begun a steady fucking rhythm up into her devouring pussy, his cock pushing, sliding, racing farther up into her. His penis throbbed between the wet clinging cuntlips, the tightness of them sending fiery thrills through him as he began to fuck his hips hard up and down. He felt her alternately relax and tighten her cunt in pre-orgasmic contractions around his advancing and retreating cock.

Nancy's naked ass cheeks, trembling and white, slid up and down upon her husband's legs as she felt herself ramming open mouthed down upon his prick. She had freed his cum-laden balls from his pants, and they wormed up into the tightly clenched crack between her trembling thighs. Her hot, velvety, hair-fringed cunt clung to the huge thickness of his deeply fucking cock, the wet, pink mouth spreading wide to admit every inch. In spite of herself, she began to emit low, heated moans of passion as her huge billowing tits heaved and her lips twisted with erotic passion. Her mouth worked excitedly as her writhing body broke out in a thin film of perspiration. Her head rolled from side to side, her copper-red hair swaying, as her sensuously flaring hips began a slow, demanding roll above her husband's heavily screwing cock. And then suddenly, with an erotically wet, sluicing noise, her grasping pussy screwed itself nakedly down even more tightly against him and Steve was forced to clench his teeth in a desperate effort not to cry out.

"You realize baby that in just a few moments I'm going to squirt on that long shaft of yours, coating your balls in my hot wet pussy juice....ohhhhh baby...make me fucking run like a river...fuck me deep.....aaaahhhhh"

Nancy, who straddled Steve's huge cock, had entered another world. Her lush, sensuous body was bursting with lust as every atom of it responded to Steve's pussy-stretching cock, and in a wildly untamed manner she rode him relentlessly. Her body screaming inside with agonizing delight, she gurgled softly as the recklessly mounting sensations overtook her right there in her husband's headquarters with a bevy of vote-getting volunteers outside in the front office. Out the window she could see the tree-lined street of the city, and all along she was being magnificently fucked by her darling young husband! Her cunt was so noisy now with the sounds of pussy fucking. Nothing else mattered but the incredible feelings racing inside her totally filled and churning cunt, making her quiver wildly as the huge, blunt cock sped hotly in and out of her steaming cunt.

The hot, wet pussy flesh jerked and twitched spasmodically around Steve's lust-driven cock as the startling tide of the cum struck him.

"I can't hold back baby. Your fucking cunt!!!! Your CUNT!!! It's eating me alive!!!"

Nancy's pussy had accomplished its task. Steve's balls tightened and squeezed in a massive spasm. A scalding flood of cum juice gushed up his long shaft as its muscles began pushing in a now non stoppable ejaculation. Semen was being sprayed deep up into the softly yielding flesh of the cunt that surrounded his throbbing cock as he fucked on. Then he felt Nancy's ass squirming uncontrollably. Her pussy was opening and closing nosily now has her orgasm hit.

"Oh FUCK Steve! Can you feel it. Feel my pussy gushing all over you in orgasm...." She softly moaned, even though she wanted to yell. The words she spoke she whispered with sweaty passion...."ooooohhhhh baby.....ahhhhh fuckin shit!!!" "Mmmm, let....ugh.....me...ohhhh...clamp down....oh shit...on your cock and squeeze....of fuck....every drop of sperm out of you that you have."

Nancy would lift her ass up exposing all but the tip of his rod, then slam, down she'd go, clinching her pussy all the way to insure maximum friction, while lubricating his tool with her ejaculate. With every down trust she felt Steve's hips push up and jerk releasing another shot of cum. They seemed to cum forever, his hot, slick juice ricocheting wildly against her desperately contracting womb. 

Nancy's hands grabbed onto Steve's dark hair as they writhed together on the chair. Steve knew that Nancy was cumming not once but several times in rapid succession. Her eyes were totally lost, turned upward into their sockets as a glistening bit of saliva formed upon her lips. Her thigh muscles were tight in orgasm, and her vagina would not let his penis go. Steve could see that she was enjoying it every bit as much as he. She was wriggling this way and that, moving her nakedly spread pussy up and down and from side to side, milking every tiny drop of hotly gushing juice from his wildly cumming cock. Her mouth bit down hard on his suddenly, and Steve felt everything inside him lurch toward her. He was giving her his all, and this wild, mind-blowing cum was his reward. It spun through his system, creating turmoil in every nerve ending, and the young husband felt the receding sensations being prolonged by the intense sucking pressure of his wife's tight, hair-lined cunt passage on his still wildly fucking cock. A thin rivulet of perspiration trickled from his forehead as Nancy slumped at last into his arms. There was a lewd pool of wetness where their naked flesh still touched, and Steve was glad that he always kept a change of clothes in his Headquarter's office. He would need it today.

Shit! he thought. Fuck!

Nancy lifted herself up from her young husband's slowly deflating cock sperm and pussy cum dripping down her thighs in abundance. She felt weak and drained, but somehow uplifted. She had a meeting with Dan in half an hour and she could only guess what game he would play with her this afternoon. She looked adoringly at her young husband as she began to hurriedly adjust her clothes. Sperm was all over his shaft and balls from his massive orgasm. She had such a desire to lick his cock clean of semen.

"Got to go now, darling," she murmured against his hair. "I've got to meet Dan in a few minutes. You know how he hates to be kept waiting." She stepped into her thin silk panties and headed for the door. She turned around, then looked lovingly at her husband.

"Lunch tomorrow with Phillip Brown?"

"Right. One o'clock all right?"

"You know it is. I'll see you tonight," she said and shut the door softly behind her.

Steve smiled broadly. He knew that before long, he would be the senator of this state. His popularity was increasing steadily and they were just about ready to start the big thrust for the election. Most of the other candidates were old and they had the same political outlook that their parties had had for years. Big talk, little action. He could change all that, his promises were practical and ambitious and he had already proved by his work in the city council that when he promised something, he made that promise good. Because of this aspect of his nature, and his brilliant innovative ideas, he was an almost sure winner for the senator's seat.

There was only the slightest bit of tingling left in Steve's cock as the memory of his beautiful wife's lustful visit of only a few moments before flashed through his brain. He was looking forward to tonight, for he knew that when Nancy came home from her rendezvous with Dan Michaels she would, as always, be like a female wildcat out of control.