 Tears welling in her eyes, Linda whimpered, "Oh please, Kenny, please don't spank me! I promise I won't say anything tomorrow. It'll hurt. Please!" At the same time as she was pleading, however, she meekly positioned herself beside him, and seeing no compassion in his face, draped herself over his knees and awaited her fate. The idea of the dominating, by-the- book, Mrs. Linda Kramer begging one of her students not to spank her and then submissively surrendering....well, no one who knew her could ever have conceived of such a possibility. As said before, she had been tamed and Kenny was, for now, her master. The spanking started. 

Actually, Kenny was not really angry with her as he had been last night. As a result, the blows were more "slaps" than "smacks," but they stung the already sore buttocks, causing a yelp of pain and protest. As the first slap landed, Kenny called out "one," followed by "ouch," slap, "two," "ouch," slap, "three," "oh, ouch,".... As said before, Kenny wasn't really angry this time, so, as he spanked her, he was much more aware of what he was doing and what (as well as who) he was doing it to. As he looked at the rosy-colored ass lying before him, it was impossible not to focus on something more that punishment. While she wasn't actively trying to escape as she had the previous night, Linda Kramer still twisted and writhed around, trying to evade the stinging slaps, exposing her most intimate areas to his rapt gaze. Yes, he had seen everything before, but this was different. It was a heady feeling for him (as it would be for any man) to have mastery over a woman so that she would, on his orders, lie over his lap to be spanked. When that woman was older, married and his teacher, the charge was twice (or more) as potent. Then, to be able to peer at those regions she would hide from everyone, except perhaps her husband or doctor....well, that was exciting beyond compare. His cock was hard, being rubbed constantly by her thrashing movements, so it would be understandable that he concentrated more on the various sensations rather that the count. 

As a result, the sound in the room was slap, "ten," "ooh, ouch," slap, "ten," "ooh, that hurts," then, from Linda, "that's number eleven!" 

Kenny paused, "Are you sure?" 

"Yes, damn it!" 

"Ok, you count!" 

A hard slap, "ouch...I can't count...ooh," another hard slap followed by the order, "count!" "Ouch, damn it, thirteen," slap, "ouch, fourteen,"...somehow it was more painful and humiliating for her to have to keep track of her own spanking...slap, ouch...fifteen,"..... The numbers mounted up, and then, smack, "shriek, nineteen," smack, "ooh, my god, it hurts, twenty, stop!" 

The last two were very hard, and, coming after eighteen stinging slaps, she once again burst into tears. Raising her up, Kenny stood and held her against him. One of the surprising characteristics of many women seems to be a tendency to turn to the man who has spanked them for consolation. This seeming paradox may be the unrecognized, and certainly unacknowledged, desire to be dominated, combined with the pleasant feeling of being submissive. Interestingly enough, it almost always evokes a complementary feeling of compassion and tenderness in the man (or, occasionally, another woman) -- the spanker has mastered the woman and now feels protective. This certainly was the case here as Linda snuggled close, sobbing gently against Kenny's chest. They held that position for a short period, and while he certainly a growing affection for her, his feeling gradually changed from commiseration to lust. 

While he had spanked her, his cock was massaged by the side of her hip as she moved around. Now, it swelled up against her stomach, pressing against her with increasing urgency. Linda felt it prodding into the soft flesh, fanning the sexual heat that had built up in her as he controlled her. As she stood there, she sensed, rather than actually feeling, a gentle pressure causing her to gradually sink downward, her head moving lower on his chest. Suddenly, like a light bulb going on, she realized what he wanted! "Oh, Kenny, I've never....I.....I don't think I can do that! I'm sorry, but I just can't!" Kenny, showing restraint beyond his years, said nothing, did no urging, just continued to hold her, letting nature take its course. Despite her protests, and no pressure from him, Linda continued to sink downward until she was crouching awkwardly at his waist, at which point she sank to her knees. Kenny sat back on the bed, leaving her kneeling between his legs, his cock rigid, pointing toward her like a spear. She gazed at it as if it was a snake hypnotizing her, repeating, "I can't! I can't do that!" Still, mesmerized, she stayed there while Kenny just lay back watching her staring at his cock. 

In that position, the head of the cock was no more than an inch or two from her mouth, and, very slowly, as if unable to stop herself, she leaned forward and kissed the tip. Then, compelled by some emotion she didn't recognize, she opened her mouth and engulfed the end of the cock and let it sink in. She wasn't thinking, just reacting to a need to satisfy Kem1y's desire and, at least in part, to satisfy her own curiosity as to what it would be like. He had performed cunnilingus on her (she didn't actually think of a word for it -- "he had done that to her"), and if that had felt so good, maybe doing this (i.e. fellatio) would not be so bad. 

Kenny felt an unbelievable thrill go through him as he saw his cock disappear into her mouth. He had seen porno pictures of the act, but had never gotten even close to having it done to him. Now, right before his eyes, his teacher began to suck his cock. It was amazing that he didn't erupt at once at the touch of her lips, but he managed, barely, to restrain himself and enjoy her ministrations longer. She really didn't know exactly what to do, but she took the cock as deeply as possible and then withdrew, repeating the action as Kenny reacted by raising his hips up and down to match her efforts. Soon she had a rhythm that matched his, and, as his motions became more vigorous, she sucked in and out faster. She didn't know how she would react when he ejaculated, but she was determined not to disappoint him and pull away. Finally, he was moving in and out as if her were fucking her, and she just held still and let him use her mouth like a cunt. When the explosion came, he forced himself deep, causing her to pull back slightly, but she was able to keep her lips around the head and swallow the cum as it poured in. She was astounded at the quantity his young, virile balls could produce. At last, though, the flood ended and he slumped back, depleted, the cock, slipping out of her mouth as she laid her head against his thigh. 

They stayed in that position for several minutes, resting and recovering their equilibrium. Finally, Kenny sat up and pulled her up onto the bed, and lay beside her. Little was said, but it was obvious that their relationship had changed considerably. He had seen and felt every part of her body, had screwed her four times, performing cunnilingus once. Things had been done to her -- she had been screwed, she had been licked. This time, however, she had done the doing. Kenny hadn't urged her, hadn't even suggested anything. Perhaps he had let his desire be known by pressing downward gently, but even that had been almost imperceptible. Nothing had actually forced her to her knees. When there, no one had forced her to kiss the cock, to open her mouth, to suck it, to swallow the cum. All of this was her decision, her willingness to perform an act that she had considered to be perverse, an act perhaps more intimate than intercourse, itself. Thus, she became an active participant in the affair, and, after admitting that by her actions, the atmosphere lightened considerably. It certainly never became a love affair, more a pure sex affair, but affection between them grew, and any lingering animosity vanished. 

In that lightened, tension-free milieu, they were able to lie there, talking about non- sexual things (plans for tomorrow, what they were going to see, etc.,) and scheming as to how they would be sure to hide the affair from the others. When Kenny asked how she had felt, going without underwear, she said again that she had been quite nervous -- fearful that she would forget and open her jacket or that her skirt would be caught up somehow -- but she admitted that it had been exciting in a way. She never had done anything like that, and it did feel sexy! In this quiet time, even kidding around was possible, as when Linda saw Kenny's cock rising again, she said, "If we're going to do that again, I'm going to clean up and get ready for bed first.

Kenny grabbed her and wrestled her down, teasingly asking, "Doing what again?" 

Linda struggled futilely, finally laughing, gasping out, "All right, if you're going to fuck me again, I'm going to the bathroom first! And, I'm going to get cleaned up and ready for bed before you do it! One more thing! If you are going to keep on fucking me, stop calling me Mrs. Kramer! I get embarrassed every time I hear that "Mrs." For heaven's sake, call me Linda when we're alone!" 

She (actually, they) did get cleaned up and ready for bed, he did fuck her (with her enthusiastic cooperation), and they, without planning it, slept together. When she awoke, fuzzily, around 4:00 AM to go to the bathroom, she was startled at first not to be alone, taking a second or two to figure where she was and with whom. When she came back, however, she just cuddled up against him and went peacefully back to sleep. Another Rubicon crossed. 

The following morning, a natural moment of awkwardness was followed by an also natural progression into more sex. They had wakened early, so there was no hurry, and Kenny just enjoyed pleasure of waking up next to a nude woman and feeling and caressing her body. Linda was unprepared for such early morning activity, but soon fell into rapport with him, and both had a very pleasurable start to the day. It had been many years since she had been screwed even twice in a day, never three times, so she was startled at both Kenny's carnal desires and his seemingly inexhaustible ability to fulfill them -- an hour after cuming, he would be ready again. This was illustrated shortly afterwards. 

They separated to get ready to go down to meet the girls, but fifteen minutes later, Kenny was back in her room, washed, shaved and fully dressed, waiting for her as she came out of the bathroom completely naked. Her first, automatic reaction was to cover herself as she saw a man sitting there, but, laughing at herself, feeling silly, she just started to dress. Oddly, enough, after all the previous nudity, she felt embarrassed as he watched her don her garter belt and pull on her hose. Still, after that first burst of shyness, she found that having an appreciative male audience to be stimulating and she began to enjoy his scrutiny as she walked around the room getting her clothes ready, still virtually nude. As yesterday, Kenny was fascinated by watching her fit her breasts into the bra cups and then stepping into her panties. By the time she had her blouse and skirt on, his cock was like a bar of iron in his pants. As she finished combing her hair, he pulled her against him, pushing the cock hard against her, demonstrating its rigidity. 

She couldn't believe that she had excited him like that, but, she admitted to herself, it was quite flattering. Recognizing his desire, however, she said, "Oh, Kenny, we can't do that.....ok, fuck.....again! In the first place, we have to meet the girls, and I just got dressed! Can't you wait until evening? We just did it an hour ago!" Suddenly, however, as before, a light dawned and she realized what he was subtly suggesting, and she was genuinely shocked and disconcerted. 

Her face blushed a furious red as she pleaded, "Oh, please Kenny! I can't do that now -- I'm all dressed, the girls will be waiting....l couldn't go down and meet them after doing that! I'd be too embarrassed!" She had enjoyed the act last night, but this was different: then she was submissive after being spanked, willing to do almost anything he wanted. Now, it was morning and she was very self-conscious, thinking of what she would be doing. The thought of performing such a servile act while he watched flustered and embarrassed her at least as much as the idea of the act itself. "Oh, Kenny, please don't make me do that now! Wait until tonight and I'll do it then!" 

Still, less than two minutes later, Kenny was sitting with his cock out and she was kneeling between his legs, looking at it while he looked at her. Finally, bowing to the inevitable, she leaned forward and took it into her mouth and began sucking. Her head bobbed up and down, her lips pursed around the shaft, presenting a lascivious scene that he would have thought impossible 36-hours ago. She was his teacher, a married woman that he had spanked and fucked, had her suck him off the night before, slept all night with her -- and here she was with her mouth around his cock again, sucking -- and he could watch every detail! He never could have fantasized such a series of events! Needless to say, the whole process didn't take long, the cum building up rapidly in his balls and shooting powerfully into her mouth in just a few minutes. 

For Linda, her first reaction was one of feeling humiliated as she was forced to kneel down and perform such a lewd act despite her protests, but, perversely enough, the very slavish nature of the act aroused her too. Very quickly she lost her self-consciousness and she actually became excited by what had embarrassed her -- being watched as she sucked his cock. Somehow, being completely under his control, forced to do what he wanted, inflamed her and she wanted him to see her submit. Thus, when the climax approached, she redoubled her efforts, anticipating and welcoming the coming ejaculation. When it came, she buried the cock in her mouth and gulped down the flood that filled it, savoring both the cum and Kenny's obvious enjoyment. 

However, when it was finished and the excitement waned, she suddenly was flustered and embarrassed again. The abject submission that had aroused her moments ago, now humiliated her. Scrambling up off of her knees, her face flaming, she blurted out, "I hope you're satisfied now!" 

Kenny's reply was succinct as he hugged her close, "I'm very satisfied! You were wonderful!" Then, pulling back and looking into her eyes, he said, with a laugh, teasingly, "That was the best cock-sucking I've ever had, even better than with the woman who did it last night!" 

That caused her to blush again, but it eased the tension and she was able to regain her composure and laugh with him. "Oh, you! You're incorrigible!" Then hesitantly, "But I'm glad you enjoyed it! Come on now, we've got to get downstairs and meet the girls. First though, fix the beds so that it's not obvious that we slept together in here. Change pillows with the one in your room and mess up your bed." 

Shortly afterwards, their illicit behavior concealed, they were in the crowded elevator on the way down. Everything was sedate and proper, but just before the door opened, Kenny leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Linda, I'll bet that you're the best cocksucker in this whole hotel!" If she had been flustered before, a new word would have had to be invented to describe her reaction then. Her face turned crimson and she was absolutely mortified, sure that everyone had heard, sure that guilt would be apparent to anyone who looked at her. Naturally, no one else noticed a thing and, fortunately, they didn't meet the girls until she had regained her composure. Kenny was laughing at her reaction, and, since everything had worked out, she was able to see the humor and join in. The girls were pleased to see them both in such good moods, and the day was off to a great start. Their second full day involved the White House tour in the morning, a disappointing view of Congress in session in the afternoon, followed by quick visits to the Library of Congress and the Supreme Court building. The day being beautiful, they walked down the mall, enjoying themselves and each other, any residual tension gone. The girls found that the out-of-the-classroom teacher Mrs. Kramer was a lot of fun, not stuffy or "above" them, just a pleasant non- restrictive tour leader. She even trusted them to climb up the Washington Monument alone -- she certainly had no intention of doing so -- but she did walk back down with them. 

Later that evening, meeting in their common room, she said that, as they had planned, they were going to spend most of the next day at the Smithsonian. She then surprised them by discussing her supervisory role. "As I think you know, Kenny and I had a long talk Sunday night about my role as chaperone." Then, laughing, (and managing not to blush), she interjected, "Actually, we talked, about a lot of other things, too, as you also may know! In any case, as I told him, the school board has set up a very strict set of rules, requiring me to be with you at all times. Now, this is very confidential, but the reason I'm here instead of Mr. Phillips is that last year the parents learned that the kids were pretty much on their own. A couple of them complained that their kids reported being lost, missing connections and a bunch of other problems, and one parent threatened to sue. It was hushed up, but the board told me to follow the letter of the rules. However, the Smithsonian is a big place and you all have different interests. Kenny has insured me that you all are very reliable and that I can trust you to go where you say you are going and return on time. I think that he's right, so, I'm going to take a chance and we'll separate, each do his own thing, and meet for lunch at the cafeteria. We'll talk then about the afternoon. Ok?" 

Needless to say, the girls were very pleased, both with her offer and her confidence in them, and promised to go their separate ways and meet whenever she said. They appreciated her explanation of her first intention of being very restrictive, blaming the school board rather than her own inclinations, and also her taking them into her confidence about the previous year. Actually, their feeling about her had turned 180 degrees, and instead of thinking of her as a witch, they now saw her as gracious and generous -- and, increasingly as a friend. That warm feeling was at least quadrupled, however, when she made the astonishing announcement that, "I have a surprise for you about tomorrow night! I called the ticket office and was able to get six tickets for tomorrow night's concert at the Kennedy Center!" Her announcement was greeted by wild excitement, several of the girls throwing their arms around her and hugging her in thanks. As they went to their rooms, the girls were bubbling over, thrilled at the idea of seeing a performance at the center and, of course, chattering about what they would wear. 

For Kenny and Linda, however, the evening really began when they got to their suite. It's amazing how inconceivable things can, very rapidly, become almost routine. Kenny went to his room, cleaned up, brushed his teeth and all the other pre-bed activities, and just, naturally, went into Linda's room and lay back on the bed. When she finished in the bathroom and came out completely naked, she never considered covering herself when she saw him lying there, also nude. Instead, she calmly went over and lay beside him, welcoming the fondling and caressing that followed. They were, of course, far more comfortable with each other and the progression into real sex was smooth and non-traumatic. Kenny kissed and sucked her nipples and gradually worked his way down her body, ruffling and kissing her mound of pubic hair. This time, without hesitation, as he moved down between her legs, she raised and parted them, exposing herself completely. He moved in to kiss and lick her clit and, slowly moved downward, running his tongue through her cunt. He did that several times, ending with a light sucking of her clit. Then, as he moved downward again, she spontaneously raised her hips, virtually asking that he go all the way back. Accepting her invitation, he let his tongue leave her cunt and move back along the cleft to her asshole. Flicking all around the area, concentrating on the hole, itself, he felt her raising her hips even higher to intensify the stimulation. 
