 It had been a slow night at the club. As a cocktail waitress I depended heavily on the tips I made to pay my share of the rent for the small townhouse where I lived with my sister. I am twenty-five years old and do a little modeling for a photographer friend of mine in addition to hustling drinks. I am average height for a girl with a good well-toned body. Working on my feet and days in the gym keep me in good shape. My chest and hips are both about 36 inches and my waist tapers into the mid twenties. My hair and eyes are what people notice most about me, at least those people who are not focused on my chest. I have slept with both men and women and enjoy what each brings to bed a lot.

I love to feel a man's cock fill my pussy but when I am really ready for passion I prefer a slender small-breasted woman. Just seeing an attractive woman with an A cup chest can get my pussy wet. They tend to be so passionate in bed that I always cum over and over.

On this quiet night at the bar I was having some fun with an older couple in town for vacation. I'd guess they were in their later forties maybe early fifties but were both trim and fit. They were having a good time and as they joked and laughed when I delivered their drinks I found myself joining with them. I was very surprised when I went back to the table after they'd left to see a really good tip. It was enough to make this slow night worthwhile and I wished all my customers were more like them. Instead most were either saving their money for the casinos or had already lost it there. Such is life in Vegas.

My shift was over and I'd finished my clean up and was headed home for the night as I met a woman coming in the door.

"Amber, I was just coming to see you."

It was the woman from the nice couple and I assumed she'd come back to say they'd mistakenly left too large a tip. It happens and I usually have no problem returning the money.

"Do you remember me? My husband and I were in a few hours ago?"

"Yes, I do. I enjoyed meeting you two. Is everything OK, did you forget something?"

"No everything is fine and I hope we were generous enough for you?"

"Wow, yes you were. If half my customers were as decent I wouldn't have to work so much."

She smiled. I looked her over again; she was very pretty and had held her body well. Up close in the light I could see my guess as to her age was close but still she looked good. She was my height but thinned then I was. Her legs were well toned and her hips had a nice round firm look to them. What caught my eye thought were the almost negligible breasts. Still staring at her chest I almost missed her asking me.

"Do you have a few minutes? I wondered if I could talk to you?"

"Sure, Miss??? Here or someplace else?"

"I'm sorry call me Hannah. I think I'd like someplace a bit quieter. Do you know someplace we can talk while we have a drink or a coffee or something?"

"Sure come this way. Just down the street a bit is a local bar that's pretty quiet. Not as fancy as this place but nice and clean."

We took a booth in the back of Sam's Bar and I was surprised when Hannah ordered a draft beer. When both our beers had been tasted she began.

"This is difficult for me to say and please excuse me if you are offended."

"This is Vegas Hannah, you'd be surprised at what goes on here. Don't worry I am a pretty thick skinned girl, I won't bite."

"Um well you see we, that is my husband and I are from a small town in Ohio. Small conservative town and we came here to relax and enjoy life in ways we can't easily do in our little town."

She talked for a while about their jobs and life and what they did on weekends and eventually I said.

"Hannah, your telling me more then I need to know. I'm not sure there is enough beer here for you to keep going like this, tell me what you want!"

I smiled as I said it and I watched her gulp. Then she sat straighter and said.

"It's my husbands birthday tomorrow. With women when we turn forty it's a big thing but for men when they turn fifty it's a really big thing and for a lot of men it's a hard age to accept. I thought celebrating it in Vegas would be the best way to make him still feel young."

"OK, and then?"

"Sorry, well I had all these ideas of taking him to strip clubs etc but none of that seems right. We've always been faithful to each other and somehow being with him someplace public like that and spending money to see all that just wasn't what I think he would ultimately enjoy."

"Well I'm not a stripper if you want a girl for a private strip show they are available here as is almost anything else."

"No, again I have a problem with a professional, someone whose looks are more associated with plastic surgeons then their lifestyle. And......"

She paused and while I was beginning to think I knew what she was after I was enjoying watching her work her courage up to ask so I sat nodding at her and let her resume.

"Shit, there is now way to dance around this. I want to give my husband a woman for he and I to share in out bed and I don't want someone bought from the street. I like you Amber you are very pretty and look like a nice girl. I don't want to buy you and make you a paid whore. Yet it seems idiotic that a pretty girl like you would just jump into a stranger's bed and all. Please say something I'm going crazy here."

I stood up and looked down at this woman who was inadvertently offering me the erotic fantasy I'd always thought would be fun. I walked to her side of the booth and slid in next to her.

"Hannah?"

She turned to me and I leaned in and kissed her. Just once on her lips and looked at her reaction. She seemed a bit shocked but not disgusted by the kiss so I took it further and kissed her harder slipping my tongue in her mouth and wrapping my arms around her holding her close. When her own arms circled me I knew we'd had a deal and I backed off.

"That was very nice Amber."

"Hannah, no more words about this OK? Tell me when and where?"

"You'll do it? Oh my thank you. Tomorrow night. We are staying at the..."

She gave me the casino and room number and asked to if I could be there early, say before ten PM. 

"Ok now tell me what you want me to do. I mean is there anything you don't want me to do with your Husband or you? Or maybe something special you want from me?"

"Well, I do want my husband to fuck you, I have always wanted to watch that. I liked our kiss and have always wanted to know what being with a woman would be like so maybe we could give him a show too. I can't think of anything we wouldn't do, except maybe anal sex, we've never done that."

"Ok, so what if anything do I wear to your party."

She wanted me dressed conservatively. She told me this was all a surprise for her husband and that the more normal I looked when I showed up the better. Besides she didn't want someone who looked like a professional. She wanted to be making love in bed not just fucking paid strangers.

"I want to pay you Amber! I just don't want you to fell like a prostitute for this. How about you tell me what you would have made at the bar?"

"No Hannah. No money. I like sex and as long as you and your husband aren't into a lot of weird shit I am okay with this. So no. No pay."

She actually leaned in and kissed me this time and she held nothing back. She told me to come after ten and knock on the door. She wanted my being there to come out of the blue. She then asked me if she could take some pictures of the whole thing for them to enjoy back in Ohio and I agreed as long as they stayed in Ohio.

"Oh Lordy yes. I know you are concerned about naked sex shots but understand while that might embarrass you it would ruin us. So those shots will stay locked in a safe"

So we parted and I went home and masturbated to the thought of what was finally going to come true for me in less then a day. I rubbed my pussy over and over again that night finally falling asleep on my cum saturated sheets and waking with sticky thighs and fingers.

I took time for myself the next day. I started at the gym then headed to the spa for a massage. Later at home I soaked in the tub making sure I shaved every hair form my body. My pussy was soft and bald and so was my ass. I'd had to use a few mirrors but no hair remained on me other then on my head. I searched my closet and found a dress that I might have worn to a job interview but underneath I had on a lacy see through bra and matching panties. Instead of panty hose I wore thigh high stockings. I did my hair and sprayed my favorite cologne on my breasts and an additional spurt went on my pussy. 

A little after ten I knocked on the door Hannah had given me and shortly it opened and there stood Hannah. She was in a sexy black dress and her hair pulled back. He dress was cut low in front and I could just make out the tiny mounds of tits on her bony chest. He nipples were tenting her dress and they looked magnificent. She asked me in and then introduced me to her husband.

John, do you remember Amber from the club the other night? She is your birthday present. Do you like how I had her wrapped?"

John swallowed hard as he sat looking first at me then at Hannah before he said.

"Yes, I remember her and what do you mean she's my present?"

"John I wanted two things for your birthday. One I wanted to watch you fuck a young beautiful woman and two... well lets hope I can do the second one, I wanted you to watch your wife fuck a beautiful woman. Amber has agreed to be our gift."

"Hannah, this is all crazy. Is this a joke? I mean I am happy with you, very happy. I don't need a young girl."

"I know John and if you did I am not sure we'd be together. It's a gift I wanted us both to enjoy. Remember John, what happens in Vegas...

" ...Stays in Vegas. Yeah I know but??"

As John muttered more nonsense Hannah moved behind me and unzipped my dress letting it drop to the floor. John's eyes moved to me and fixed on my thirty-six C tits as Hannah's hands stroked my belly before bring them up to my chest and unsnapping the clasp holding my bra. When it hit the floor putting my naked tits in John's eyes, Hannah said.

"I want to watch you open the rest of your gift John."

Hannah sat on the edge of the bed and I saw her hand slip up under her dress and reveal more of her creamy thighs. John took and minute then came to me on his knees and slipped his hands into my panties, dragging them down my legs and exposing my shaved pussy.

"Oh my John she is bald for you."

Hannah looked a bit more excited about my bald puss but John had inched my legs apart and was using one hand to touch my puss, lightly circling my hole and spreading my juices before he searched for and found my sensitive clit. I moaned as his fingers started to earnestly play with my pussy and spread my legs further for him. When he moved to put his face where his hands had been I pulled at his arms and said.

"Let me lay down and I'll open up for you John. Would you let me take your clothes off first? Please? I do want to see your cock!"

John stood and let me remove his shirt and slacks. When I dropped his boxers I was pleased to see a nice big cock hard and ready for me. I took a quick taste of him then said.

"It's your birthday John, where do you want me. I would love to suck your cock or have you eat my pussy. You can fuck me, just tell me John, I want to please you."

He gently pushed me on the bed and spread my legs wide as he lowered his face to my cunt. I noticed that Hannah had lifted her dress up around her waist and removed her panties and was busy with her fingers in her trimmed but hairy bush. I watched her stroke her cunt while her husband John used his tongue on mine. I was thinking of how I wanted Hannah's tiny tits in my mouth when John slipped fingers into my pussy and ass at the same time making me gasp at the sudden but pleasurable penetration. He was sucking my clit now and using his tongue to batter it and my pussy was dripping. He slipped a second finger in my ass and I said to him.

"If you want to fuck my asshole John you can. I love fat hard cocks in my ass."

I felt him shudder as he digested both my words and the juices he was lapping from my pussy. He was getting me very hot and I was going to need him to fuck me somewhere soon. Reading my mind he moved up and said.

"I've never fucked someone in the ass are you sure it's ok?"

"Just take your time and I will love it John. Take me this way so you can see my face as your cock fills my ass."

I lifted my legs and held them to the sides and John slipped his cock into my soaking pussy to wet it then positioned it at my anus. Hannah had come over to watch him her hand stuffed in her own cunt. 

"Please John, push a little and get your cock in me."

I begged as I reached for Hannah. I pulled her close to me and ripped her dress from her shoulders exposing her chest as John inched his cock into my ass. I tore at Hannah's bra finally freeing her tiny titties and pulled her down to put them in my mouth. I knew this wasn't the way Hannah wanted it, I knew she wanted to watch her husband fuck me then let him watch but fuck it I was hot and I wanted to suck on her tiny tits. Her nipples grew as I sucked first one then the other into my mouth.

John had fully buried his cock in my ass and I felt stuffed. I let Hannah's tits fall from my lips and said.

"Fuck me John! Fuck my ass. Yes hard and fast, fill my ass John."

I pulled Hannah back and continued my assault on her tits. As john's cock pummeled my ass I would grunt onto her nipples. I had my taste of Hannah and pushed her away so I could concentrate of the cock in my ass. I said.

"Lose the clothes Hannah. I'm going to want you next."

I watched her slip her torn dress off and then she watched as John thrust his cock in and out of my ass.

"OH yes baby fuck my ass! Your cock is wonderful and it's making me feel so full. Cum in me John, fill my ass with your hot white cum. Oh yes."

I babbled and held on to John as he pounded into me. I felt his cock jerk inside my ass and when the first hot jet sprayed inside me I came and wrapped my legs around him holding him inside me as he shot his load into me. When he's rested a bit he pulled his cock out and I said.

"Bring that wonderful cock up here John I want to taste us."

He crept up the bed and I leaned over and took his sticky wet cock in my mouth and sucked our combined juices leaving his cock semi hard. I let it slip from my mouth and said.

"John, Hannah wants you to watch her with me. Can she lay with me now?"

He nodded and moved to the side and I motioned Hannah to come to me. She was totally naked now and her nipples were still hard and I took her and embraced her kissing her hard on her soft puffy lips.

"Oh Hannah, I've really wanted you. Fuck me while John watches us."

Tentatively Hannah kissed me for as while as she summoned up the courage to do more. I was busy caressing her ass cheeks and pulling her slim body into mine, pressing her tiny tits into my bigger softer one and letting our nipples rub against each other. I took my hand and gently pushed her head down and Hannah kissed her way to my tits. Taking first one then the other into her mouth she kissed and sucked them till my nipples ached with need. MY legs were spread wide and I pushed her down further till she was facing my needy cunt. 

"Please Hannah I need to feel your tongue in my pussy!"

I felt a light lick from her and then more and more as she tasted my cunt. She was tentative and unsure yet willing and she explored my wet needy pussy before she found my clit and sucked it into her mouth. She was getting me ready again and I wanted to taste her too so I groaned.

"Swing your hips around Hannah and let me taste you too. I think John wants to see us both eating wet pussy."

I could see John stroking his cock, his eyes fixed on his wife's face stuffed into another woman's pussy. He was excited and I knew that when he saw the two of us linked mouth to pussy he would be even hotter. As Hannah's pussy covered my face I dove into her eating her hot wet cunt with abandon. My tongue was dashing across her wet hole and searching from her clit. She was dripping her juices easily filling my mouth with her nectar and I began to use my stiffened tongue like a cock fucking her tight pussy. I was in heaven, my ass stretched open and full of cum and my pussy being assaulted by a very passionate Hannah. MY legs wrapped around Hannah's head pulling her in and holding her there while I wrapped my arms around her waist pulling her cunt into my face. My hips began to rock into her and soon so to did hers and we were both so very close. When I felt her tongue sneak to my ass and penetrate me there I came knowing that she was going after her husbands cum. 

Her cunt spasmed in my face as I came in hers. Together we writhed on the bed as our orgasms crested and flowed. Panting from my release I felt Hannah roll over and put her hands on my wet sticky cunt. She used her fingers to spread me open and then she looked at John and said.

"Fill this cunt with your cock and fuck Amber John!"

With little or no rest after cuming with Hannah I felt John's cock spearing my cunt. As he started to thrust into me Hannah came over and sat next to me watching her husbands face as he fucked me. Every now and again as I moaned in concert to his thrusts Hannah would lean over and kiss me and lick my face. Mostly she watched her husband's cock disappear in my cunt. She played with my tits some too but her attention was on her man and the joy he showed as he rammed himself into me over and over again. I felt my orgasm building and building as my mind relished this fantasy I'd held for so long. I was pleased that the two of them had used me and used me well so far. More so I was happy to see how they looked to each other as John fucked me or Hannah sucked me. When John finally erupted in my cunt filling me with his cum I came harder then I can remember cuming. I screamed nonsense and pulled both of them to me and hugged them as I rode this orgasm.

Sometime later I felt someone's tongue fishing about in my pussy and saw Hannah's head bobbing away. Sensing that I was aware she pulled her head out and looked at me and said.

"Amber you were perfect. Once I finish eating John's seed from your wet pussy I want you to go. John's in the shower and I want to fuck him alone. I can't thank you enough."

She went back to my used cunt and sucked her husband's emissions from me as well as the juices I was producing. I was sad to go, I'd had a good time but I knew this was a one-time thing. When Hannah had finished she came up and kissed me sharing the taste of her husbands sperm with me. 

"Amber, It's my birthday in six months. If I came back to Vegas would you let me have you again?"

"You and John back in Vegas?"

"No, baby just me. I enjoyed my first time with you and I thought maybe we could do this again and you could..."

I put my lips to hers and kissed her hard.

"Yes, Hannah I would like that."

I dressed while John was in the shower then kissed Hannah. I'd given her my number and e-mail address and left. As I walked home I could still feel the memories of John's cock in my ass and pussy but more so I could still taste Hannah's cunt and feel her tongue on my clit. I'd have to hurry home. I needed to cum and didn't want to have to do that in an alley again.