 "Hey girls, why don't you all have a little fun together?" Dan said.

Dan was standing naked in the middle of the room, having apparently just removed all his clothes, for his pajamas lay upon the floor. Beside him the satisfied figure of the disheveled Angie stood clad in her now rumpled nightgown.

Steve, rising up on his elbow beside Nancy, drawled out, "Hey, yeah! That sounds like a good idea!"

Steve's fingers curled absently around Nancy's billowing tits, beginning to tease them the way he always did, bringing all the unwanted desire rushing back to the flushed surface of her naked body.

Continuous waves of pleasure were coursing through Nancy's loins at his touch and the thought of doing it with Angie hadn't helped a bit. Dan grasped Angie about the waist and brought her close to the bed.

"The two of them," he said to Steve. "Let's see you both do it to each other!"

Steve's fingers tightened their grip around Nancy's body, his hands cupping against her large, trembling tits. He pressed expertly at her sensitive nipples to arouse her fully and sent shivers of heated desire racing through her recently fucked body.

"Mmmmmm ..." Nancy said. The way she said it, and the thought of the two girls making it, was enough to make Steve's cock raging hard again. "That would be quite a sight, wouldn't it?"

She was looking steadily at Angie, and Angie cast her eyes downward, unable to withstand her lustful gaze.

It was obvious that Nancy had done it with other women before, but Angie hadn't, and she wasn't quite sure she was going to like it. But then again, Nancy was already really turned on at the thought of it so it must be pretty good. What the hell, she had always heard it was different from anything a man could do to a woman because only another woman can fully understand what really turned her sex on. She had always prided herself on her sexual liberation. Well, now was the time to really prove that she was as liberated as she thought she was. She had just been fucked in the ass; now it was time to be fucked by another woman.

With trembling fingers, Angie reached out for Nancy's body. The auburn-haired woman's nakedness was partially covered by the satin sheets, and only her torso and tits were exposed to the trio's eyes. Her voluptuous body gleamed in the soft light of the night lamp, beads of perspiration, glistening all over her skin. Steve reached out and pulled away the rest of the sheet. Her figure was perfect, including the rib lines above the sharply indented waist and the navel with a thin line of down that ran like a pointer to the sleek curls of her reddish pussy hairs against which the tops of her thighs pressed. She was all tits, hips, and thighs, seemingly ready to comply with the two men's lewd suggestions. Nancy felt two small hands touching her nipples, and closed her eyes tightly so that she could immerse herself in the soft sensations of Angie's hands.

"Lie down!" Steve cried enthusiastically, moving over on the bed to make room for Angie. Dutifully Angie climbed up onto the bed as Steve's hands pushed Nancy down.

Nancy was delighted when the young blonde's fingers continued to touch and stroke her large tits with gentle reverence, gradually becoming more used to the task and more expert at it as Nancy's nipples hardened unwillingly beneath the exciting pressure. Her hands were balled up into fists of passion at her sides as she lay with her legs slightly parted, eyes still tightly closed, allowing the novice blonde to caress her naked tits. Angie was now tweaking the nipples with determination and Nancy could hear the girl's careful, heavy breathing, as well as the breathing of the two men watching.

"Keep it up," Dan commanded. "Lower, go down lower!"

"Let's get Angie's nightgown off," Steve suggested. The rustle of clothing and the temporary halt of the gentle touching at her tits told her that they were taking off the young blonde's thin nightgown. Then Nancy felt the girl begin to trace tiny invisible fingernail lines across her rib cage and down along her soft, belly to the indented navel, pausing there to draw a small circle inside. Nancy lay trembling with arousal, and Angie felt much the same way, feeling her curiosity rise within her as she began to explore another woman's body for the first time in her life.

It occurred to Angie that she would do to Nancy just what she herself found stimulating, and that way she could hope to avoid displeasing her and showing her inexperience with women.

The girl may be lacking in experience, Nancy thought, but she sure as hell is learning fast! She lay there with her legs spread apart, her body growing more and more aroused as the small fingers reached the curly tendrils of her soft, fur-trimmed pussy.

"SHIT!" Dan exclaimed from his position beside the bed. "You're doing okay, Angie, don't stop now!"

Dan was beginning to pull at the huge shaft of his throbbing cock. He had never seen anything so magnificent as the sight of the two beautiful young women together. He could tell that Steve was enjoying it too, as Nancy's husband looked on with an intense expression, his hand fondling down between his thighs, clutching his jerking prick.

"Oh Fuck!" Nancy moaned again. It was going to happen now. She felt sticky and wet all over, and she could feel the eyes of the two men boring into her flesh.

"Aaaaaaaah!" she cried out finally as Angie's fingers spread the throbbing lips of her cunt, exposing her hot quivering little clit to the air. Then the fingers were sliding softly over the growing pleasure-bud, teasing it, tickling it, pulling at it.

Angie was playing with Nancy's wet cunt furrow the way she played with herself in the secrecy of her bed on the nights when she had no man to fuck her.

Nancy groaned and bit her lips. The softness of the blonde's touch brought back the feathery delight that she had forgotten another woman could bring her, and after some of the rough treatment she had been through this evening, she was delightedly shocked by the change. Angie's fingers were reaching her on some other level, a level that Nancy had not really explored in depth. The young blonde stroked her tenderly, almost as though Nancy were a child. Nancy could feel her trembling pussy beginning to grow more wet as her clit expanded beneath Angie's agile fingering. The young blonde kept on working at the delicate cunt flesh, slowly but surely, gently massaging and caressing. Then she let two of her fingers slip into the gushing hole of Nancy's pliant pussy, plunging up, up into her clasping fuck hole, softly pushing against the walls as her fingers traveled the full length of the other woman's hot, awakening cunt.

"Aaaaaah!" Angie cried out in response to Nancy's cry of pleasure.

"Get on top. Get on top," Steve urged excitedly.

Dan thought he was going to cum any second, and momentarily stopped the intense beating of his hand against his painfully jerking cock as he pulled the thick foreskin all the way back, letting his huge cockhead stand out proudly and ferociously, allowing a trickle of cum to drip to the floor.

Angie did not wait to be told a second time, and almost eagerly she climbed up from between Nancy's tremblingly widespread legs, without removing her implanted fingers from the hot throbbing furrow of the other woman's cunt.

The aroused young girl climbed halfway on top of Nancy, pressing her own trembling tits down against the quivering shapes of Nancy's larger tits.

Nancy sighed loudly as she felt the soft sensation of tits pressing against hers, while Angie's fingers still swirled insistently around up inside her tingling cunt. The combination was unbearable. It was comfort and warmth and a passionate response that surprised her in its intensity. The idea that she was being watched by her husband and her lover spurred her on to even greater heights and she gave herself over to the perverted thrill of Angie's love making, and she abandoned herself to it as though she were drowning and Angie's slender body would keep her afloat.

Angie could feel the change in Nancy and it inspired her. Moaning softly to herself, she began to rub her blonde-furred cunt down against the quivering mound of Nancy's pussy while Nancy writhed sensuously beneath her, her legs straining apart. She just didn't care anymore. Angie felt a wonderful sense of power that she could make Nancy respond to her this way, that she could bring such pleasure to another woman's loins. It gave her a completely different vision of herself, a stronger, more confident picture.

Nancy moaned as Angie increased her caresses, slipping her fingers in and out of the redhead's boiling pussy as though she were possessed, wriggling her small shapely body nakedly against hers, letting the silky flesh of it blend with hers, as her hair-covered pussy began to slide against the widely exposed area of Nancy's sensitive clit.

Nancy moaned over and over again, her steaming pussy like one big, longing ache as she strained against the heated friction both within her loins and without. Her smoothly curved ass tightened and grew slack, only to tighten again as she heard Angie begin to utter a steady stream of incomprehensible words in a low, husky whisper.

Angie's fingers slithering upward into Nancy's clamped pussy felt less and less like fingers and more and more like a special kind of cock pushing against the rounded protrusion of her cervix, reaching high up to the end of her dark cunthole.

Angie's tits pressed and rolled against Nancy's tits, causing Nancy's passion to mount. Both were almost swooning now from the exquisite floating sensation of pleasure that pervaded their naked twisting bodies.

As she sank deeper into her swoon, she opened her eyes for the first time, and through the wild flinging strands of Angie's sweet-smelling blonde hair she saw Dan and Steve towering over them, both men having moved to the end of the bed so that they could see better. She saw their huge pulsing cocks pumping wildly away over their writhing bodies, but this obscene sight could do little to heighten her mounting excitement. She couldn't get much higher than she was now.

The highly aroused redhead let her lips struggle up against Angie's, her arms enfolding the girl's small but strong body, pulling her closer against the rising pressure in her naked loins. She could feel it enveloping her. There was no shame whatsoever, only the precious body of another woman making her cry out, making her want to explode. She was breaking in two. It was too much! Too good!

"Yes, now!" Angie whispered suddenly to her, and the urgency of the young blonde girl's voice released her and she was cumming, cumming so completely that it was as if gravity had let loose, flinging her into nothingness, projecting her with a tremendous force into ... what? ... another force of similar magnitude! Dimly, Nancy realized that Angie was cumming too, writhing excitedly on top of her own bucking and twisting body. She could feel the cum-drenched cunt, grinding down madly against her own fully exposed, insanely cumming pussy ... and thousands of electric sparks seemed to be ricocheting between their two soft feminine bodies.

"Kiiiisssss mmmmeeeeee ... ooooohhh kiisssssss mmmmeeeee!" Nancy begged,and she felt Angie's lips apply themselves to hers in a soul-searing kiss that heightened the mind-shattering cum that had become a mutual cum between them. Their cunts were spraying against each other. Their clits were on fire. Nipples rubbing against each other.

"OoooooooommmmmmmmmmMMMMM!" The two women's tongues mingled knowingly, as though they had waited years for this moment, and their groans of blissful cumming expanded throughout the large bedroom for long, long minutes as they continued to writhe nakedly against each other, oblivious to the two men who had inspired their cum.

Angie's fingers moved slowly in ever widening circles up within the contracting and pulsing walls of Nancy's juice-drenched pussy. She was milking the other woman's cum for all it was worth, extending it, increasing it, making it build just when it might fade. Her fingers were dripping pussy juice.

"OOOOoooooggggghhhhh!"

"Oh! Oh! Oh!"

"I'MMMMM CCCUUMMMIIIINNNGGG againnnnnnn," Nancy cried aloud, increasing her grip on Angie's moving body over hers.

"Yes ... yes ... yes!" Angie replied. "Yes!"

The men had been watching this hot female action, all the while jerking their long rigid cocks. Sperm was dripping out of both their tips. Sweat was running down their faces and chests. 

"I'm going to fucking cum Dan!!!" Steve yelled. "My fucking balls are out of control."

"Same here Steve. I've got to shoot my load all over them. Fuck it will be HOT!!!"

Both men's ejaculations were titanic. Their balls tightened up and their pricks released semen with such force that their legs almost gave out. Long ropes of jizz shot across the bodies of the women splattering on the walls. They both forced their cocks downward allowing their juice to bombard the fucking women below them.

"Oh FUCK ME!!! Their cuming all over my ass....FUCK YES!!! Angie screamed out, reaching another huge orgasm. Her pussy pouring out more cunt cream.

"What did you say?" Nancy asked between cries of orgasmic bliss.

"They guys are beating their meet and are ejaculating all over my ass, back and hair....It's fucking incredible" "AAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!"

Nancy moved Angie's head to the side so she could see what was happening. Both men were above her, their eyes closed tight in orgasm. One strong shot of Steve's seed hit her directly in the face.

"OH FUCK YES BABY!!! Fuckin' cum all over my face."

"I'll do better than that baby." While still pumping his rod, Steve moved up directly over Angie's shoulders, dropped to his knees and leaned forward forcing his cock into Nancy's opened mouth. "There you go baby, suck the rest of it out of me." "Ahhhhh...oooohhhhh Fuck..that's it...YES!!!"

Angie could feel Steve's balls moving along the side of her face with each mouth fuck. Meanwhile Dan's cock had drained it's balls allowing him to sit down beside the bed.

If she could have Nancy would have sucked Steve's balls through his penis, but she settled for his semen instead. Sucking him until she felt those last hard thrusting jerks that signaled his balls were spent....he was done.

Steve groaned as he pulled is penis out of Nancy's mouth and fell over to the side of the bed and rolled off onto the floor.

"I want to taste his cum" Angie said to Nancy.

"Then kiss me baby" Nancy replied.

Their lips met. Their mouths opened, and Angie got her wish.

Steve and Dan were on the floor, their cocks seeping the last residue of their sperm. The women were now lying side by side in the bed, their pussies still sucking in the ebbs of their orgasms. What a fucking night it had become.