 New in town, lanky Ambrose McWhite, noticeable with his crossed-cropped dyed-white hair, knew no one and feeling horny decided to find a woman. Easier said that done. The ones hovering in alleys looked bored and hard-faced and he soon learned from the indignant rejections the ones he approached smoking on the street were office workers from the smoke-free buildings they were leaning against.

Ambrose walked on, frustrated, his balls aching from excessive tension and growing pressure to release. Almost ready to hail a cab to be taken to a brothel he spotted a notice across the street, Sex Clinic. Ambrose didn't know the difference between a clinic and a brothel so scooted over, tongue almost hanging out, to investigate.

"Oh no," explained the fifty-something receptionist, unsuccessfully attempting to smother her horrified reaction with a smile. "We are a service provider for clients with problems relating to sexual performance for perhaps they are mentally sexually dysfunctional.

'Dysfunctional' was a big new word for Ambrose so red-faced he ignored asking what the word meant and said he had a sexual problem: he wasn't getting enough and often enough.

"Begone you jerk or I'll call security." 

Ambrose swallowed, thinking he was glad the old bag wasn't swallowing him, and bewent -- he wasn't sure that was the right word for it -- and winked at the 30-something blonde with big tits reading the wall notice advertising breast reduction surgery. The blonde looked at him coldly so he warmed her face by saying, "nice pair." At that she licked her lips and the moment was ruined by the hag behind the counter screaming, "Leave our client alone, asshole."

Ambrose turned and gave the hag the customary upturned one-finger salute and 'bewented' quickly because her decaying plump finger had hit the panic button. He'd only progressed a few yards down the sidewalk when a whiff of pussy juice one smells whenever a woman is close by and fast clicking heels caught up with him. He turned to see who was the donor of such odor into the otherwise polluted atmosphere of the city and said it was Blondie.

"Oh hello again." he smiled, bracing himself, expecting a crack across the teeth and to have his balls kneed.

Instead of assaulting him Blondie asked, "Are you clean?"

"Yes, had a shower a couple of days ago."

Blondie laughed and said he was funny. "Coffee?"

"I've had two today?"

Blondie laughed again, said he was cute, and led him across the road to a coffee shop. She looked surprised when he sat down and so she went to the counter and placed their order although having no idea of his preference. 

She was tall for her age, Ambrose thought, and too young to be wearing panties so perhaps he was on to something here. 

"I'm wondering if we have a mutual interest?" Blondie asked vaguely as she sat, hitching her skirt even farther up her thighs and fluttering her eyelids.

"Coffee?"

She laughed and said yes that too and introduced herself as Blondie Jones.

"That can't be your real name?" 

She agreed, parting her thick red lips to reveal clean white teeth and a tongue tip. Blondie asked what name he was using.

"Ambrose McWhite."

She laughed and said. "Cute, good choice."

They fell silent.

The toe of her red shoe touched Ambrose just above an ankle and rubbed up and down a bit. He moved his chair well back; aware his proximity had not left enough room for her to move her foot.

"Would you like to fuck me?"

Ambrose looked suspicious. "Why?"

That seemed to confuse Blondie and she confused him by saying, "I've learned that my husband is playing around and as a result I'm in despair and have lost my libido."

Assuming those statements were not connected, Ambrose asked: "Have you tried the dog pound?"

Blondie looked at him wide-eyed and asked was he suggested the cure was animal sex?

"No, I mean to look for your lost dog."

Blondie said, "Excuse me?"

"Blondes often have a dog although I thought French poodles were more common than libidos. Are they also an European breed?"

Looking at Blondie's tits wobble as she laughed Ambrose heard her ask, "Have you a decent-sized dick to offset the lack of gray matter?"

"What I shoot is always white."

"Ohmigod, a guy with genuine humor," Blondie marveled. "How extremely rare. Come, I'll book us into a hotel. I'd like to find out if you are capable of rekindling my interest in sex."

In the cheap room Ambrose was out of his clothes in seconds, he and his cock standing at attention. Blondie sighed, realizing she was expected to undress herself.

Thelma Kennedy, wife of the city's mayor, had chosen a sleazy hotel realizing no one in that part of town would recognize her. Her mouth watered when she saw Ambrose was hung like guys in porn magazines. As she walked past Ambrose grabbed her and threw her across the bed.

"Ambrose!" Blondie yelped. "What are you doing?"

"Sticking it up your ass. You said you wanted to be fucked."

"Ohmigod," Blondie wailed as she convulsed and creamed over the bed despite Ambrose's turgid cock-head having failed to penetrate her virgin rosebud. She was on fire with lust.

During the next four hours of patient instruction after learning that Ambrose was an asshole junkie because he'd assumed the bigger hole of women was reserved for pissing (learned from his mother and her mother), Blondie finally called an end to the marathon session, having nothing more to teach the moron and desperate for sleep due to total exhaustion.

"Golly, thirty-six positions, that's awesome," her student of fuckology said in wonder.

"That covers the main ones available for a woman approaching forty," Blondie yawned. "Younger women can teach you some of the more complicated maneuvers and then there are dozens of minor variations to each theme. Good night my young man with a wonderful wand."

"I'm no fairy," Ambrose said hotly but then smiled. "Oh, a joke. Good one Blondie.

Blondie slid into sleep with only one regret: although she'd experienced initial excitement there was no sign of reconnection of her libido.

* * *

Blondie awoke at dawn with a weight on her back, a pain in her ass and heat in her belly.

"Ohmigod, you're up my ass," she wailed.

"Yes, I have taken your virginity and now you are a complete woman."

"That's bullshit."

"Come on Blondie, last night you taught me everything you know and now I'm teaching you how to reach your peak of fulfillment in a way unknown to you. I expect your cooperation."

"Very well," she snapped. "What am I suppose to do to feel I'm a participant?"

"Worm your hand under your groin and begin rubbing your clit."

"No."

"Come on, don't by a grumpy, complaining bitch."

"Fuck you."

Ambrose pushed in another half inch.

"Ohmigod, no farther. I'm do it."

Blondie began rubbing her clit and felt the heat between them rising. She pushed three fingers into her sloppy twat and just as she thought; she could feel his dick through the thin membrane. She captured that image and that seemed to fire her brain. She hit around her clit at speed and flash-hit the nub occasionally and her blood began to boil.

Feeling her expanded nipples about to launch from her swollen breasts, she croaked, "I'm about to come -- push in more."

Ambrose slapped some sweat from his forehead around her now gaping asshole and pushed in a full inch more, bellowed and yelled he was coming. Blondie used her free hand to squeeze his slippery balls. He bellowed again, she began convulsing and felt warm fluid running over her other palm.

"Unplug," she called and at the 'pop' as his cock left her Blondie rolled Ambrose and was all over him, kissing and running her hands over his six-pack and then over his shoulders before switching into a sixty-nine and they both began sucking and licking and groaning, covered in sweat and their eyes bloodshot and bulging.

* * *

They sat in the café finishing breakfast with their final refill of coffee. Blondie lay slumped in her chair wearing a big fat smile, aware her libido was back.

Ambrose yawned and screwed a finger inside his ear. Watching that uncouth action Blondie wonder how she could make greater use of him. She reached to feel if her overworked twat had cooled. Yes, it had so was ready to go again. She mused his brain was underdeveloped but his body was great, and so it should be for a twenty-two year old.

"So you have been unsuccessful in finding a job?"

Ambrose said so far, but he'd really not switched on to looking.

"Would you consider fucking me three times a week?"

Ambrose, picking his teeth, said yeah.

"Right, Monday, Wednesday and Friday mornings. I'll be in touch and I'll pay you a thousand bucks a week towards your living expenses until you become no longer interested in me."

"Okay. With a mature body like yours that will keep me interested for quite some time. What do you want to do now?"

"We have the room till noon. Let's go back and fuck. My libido is back."

"So, what's that Blondie? I know from that comment it's not a European dog."

"It's the invisible trigger that keeps everyone interested in sex. You've replaced it back in me by taking my ass."

"That's good Goldie. You realize at max I only had one-third of my length up your ass?"

"Well, you know what our new goal is Ambrose. Let's go."

THE END