 The following morning was one of those bittersweet days, happy to be going home yet sorry to see a wonderful trip end. This, of course, was doubly true for Kenny and, particularly. Linda. They realized that last night was probably the last time they would sleep together, and, as they had sex in the morning, they had no idea when, or if, they would do that again. For that matter, there was the question of just what their relationship would be when they got home. Linda had lain awake for a long time last night, trying to ﬁgure out just what she did want. There was another six weeks of school left, and she didn't know how she would handle having a student who had screwed her in her class. How would he react when he saw her standing in front of the class, picturing her naked, seeing her spread open on the bed to be fucked, or on her knees sucking him! And, what of her husband? How would she relate to him? There was, of course, no answer to these questions, but to the one of whether she wanted more sex, to continue this extramarital relationship, the answer was yes! As said before, it was not a love affair on either side, that was clear, a fact which removed any threat of commitment problems. So, for Linda the only problems were, ﬁrst, would Kenny want to continue now that Beth was available, and, second, if so, how could they do it safely. 

As might be expected, Kenny's questions were along somewhat the same line. There never was a question about whether he wanted to continue having sex her -- why wouldn't he? Yes, he almost certainly could screw Beth now, but that, in no way, ended his sexual attraction to Linda. In any case, what young man wouldn't appreciate having access to two willing cunts? However, he was concerned about how things would work out in class, although he didn't think it would be a real problem. For him, the real question was what would Linda want? She would be a teacher again, a married teacher. She would be with her husband, and even a teenager recognized that it was easier to have a brief affair, commit adultery, away from home, away from people you know and who know you. So, in many ways, the problems that Linda and Kenny faced were largely the same ones, but neither wanted to bring them up....and perhaps hear the wrong thing. So, like the others, they packed and prepared to leave. 

The bus trip was relatively uneventful and, while the bus, itself, was crowded when they left, it was almost empty when they left Pittsburgh on the last leg. Taking advantage of the vacant seats, Linda sat with each girl for awhile, getting their individual feedback on good and bad aspects of the week. Actually, there were really no negative comments (other than Angela's and Judy's kidding complaints about being physically abused, of course). It really was a paean of love for her, even more surprising considering their opinion of "the Witch of Lynwood" when they started. They obviously had discussed it among themselves before, and they were unanimous in their recognition that she had gone far beyond the usual in making their senior trip memorable -- in more ways than one! Recognizing the delicacy of the situation, they each pledged that the extra-curricular activities would never be mentioned outside their circle. Each discussion ended with a sincere hug and brief kiss of what had become real friendship. 

Leaving Beth for last, Linda found herself not knowing quite what to say, ﬁnally opening the conversation by asking, banally, "Are you all right, Beth?" The discomfort was mutual, of course, but soon, they got by that initial strangeness and were able to really bond with each other. Each having seen the other being screwed, they had few physical secrets to conceal. In addition, each admitted that they had surprisingly enjoyed their intimacy with each other, with Beth shyly confessing that she would like to do it again if the circumstances were right. It was a long, close and very warm conversation, and the hug and kiss at the end was considerably more than simple friendship. Beth, to her own astonishment, even put her hand on Linda's breast and held it while they kissed. Finally, Linda said, "I guess I'd better go back and talk to Kenny for a while." Then, with a knowing smile, "I want to get his opinion of the trip!" 

Beth giggled, "I'm sure he was satisﬁed!" Then, as Linda started down the aisle, Beth followed, stopping two rows before where Kenny was sitting, whispering conspiratorially, "I'll stand guard!" 

As Linda's sat down, Kenny pulled her skirt up and helped her remove her panties, feeling her cunt for what probably would be the last time for awhile. Sitting there exposed like that in public, even if no one could see, made her feel daring, giving her the nerve, ﬁnally, to broach the subject of future activities. Kenny was immediately responsive and the question they were afraid to ask about the other's desires finally was asked, and they both were happy with the answer. With the agreement that they both wanted to continue a sexual relationship, they then had to consider how could they go about it and when. They ﬁnally decided that they couldn't really plan anything, and left it at that, assuming that there would be opportunities. With all they could decide decided, they proceeded to more erotic activities. While they conversed, Beth looked back every now and then, watching to see if they were just talking, and it seemed that they were. About the tenth time she looked, however, she saw Linda's head lying back on the headrest, sort of panting or gasping. 

Quietly moving back the two rows until she was across from them, she saw that Linda's skirt was up to her waist, her panties were gone, and that Kenny's hand was working between her legs. It was extremely sexy to watch, and with no one nearby, she opened her jeans and reached down inside her own panties and masturbated, matching the motion of his hand. She hadn't quite reached orgasm when Linda face became more intense and her hips began ﬂexing up and down, ending with a hard surge against Kenny's hand. Beth pulled back, not wanting to interrupt, but Linda, after recovering, glanced over and smiled, obviously not minding the audience. Without stopping to cover her bare hips, she rose up and, without hesitation, lowered her head to Kenny's lap, obviously sucking his cock. Beth couldn't actually see Linda's mouth, but she pictured the cock-sucking in her mind as it occurred, and worked her own hand in unison with Linda's bobbing head. She could see Kenny's face, however, and, this time, she was able to synchronize her own orgasm, coming just as he ejaculated into Linda's mouth. If an observer had walked down the aisle at that moment he would have seen a fascinating tableau: a woman sitting naked below the waist, a man with his cock semi-erect and still wet from the woman's mouth, while, across the aisle, another woman was semi-reclining, pants open, hand still in her panties, recovering from a self-administered orgasm. Fortunately, there was no such observer, and it was a very satisfying ending to the senior trip for all three. 

The actual end came not long afterwards when the bus pulled up to the curb, and everyone disembarked. With a ﬁnal hug for Mrs. Kramer, the little group disbanded as the girls rushed to meet their parents, beginning to pour out an account (expurgated) of their adventures in Washington. By the time the stories were told, Mrs. Kramer seemed to be missing only a pedestal or the wings of an angel to be given her proper respect. The parents and, later, the administration, were made very well aware of the superb and thoughtful job of chaperoning done by their teacher. Kenny's hug was a bit more ﬁrm as he whispered in Linda's ear, "Wear the things I got you on Monday." Not waiting for a reply, he headed for his parents car, not, for some reason, wanting to meet her husband who was nearby. 

For Linda, settling down at home was difﬁcult. She had unexpected guilty feelings, particularly when her husband screwed her, involuntarily thinking of how many times Kenny had been in that same cunt. Fortunately, as many women have discovered in the past, adultery doesn't change a woman physically. She was still a bit concerned about her ability to act natural in class, facing students who had seen her naked and one who had fucked her. The words also confused her. When she had sex with her husband, Henry, she had always used the rather sterile word "intercourse" or, occasionally, "screwing." With Kenny, the word "fucking" seemed natural and even exciting. She had used language, and, of course, done things, with him that would have appalled her in the past and would have stunned her husband. Still, as said above, Henry hadn't noticed any change in her, physically or otherwise, so evidently there were no external signs of her debauchery. Actually, she was surprised as to how easily she managed to compartmentalize her thoughts, acting and genuinely responding to her husband as she always had while recalling her adulterous actions in Washington with no real feeling of remorse. As said before, they were more friends than lovers with sex of little importance in their relationship. In any case, he neither saw nor sensed any differences, so, presumably, therefore, no scarlet letter would show on her forehead when she faced her classes on Monday! 

Monday came, as it always does, and a composed Mrs. Kramer met her classes and was quite surprised how easy it was. Kenny and the girls acted as they always had, although Kenny made no disruptive remarks and she made no sarcastic comments. If anyone thought that their politeness to each other was unusual, it was taken as a good sign. The only change from the ordinary routine came at the lunch period when Kenny stayed back "to ask a question" after the rest of the class left. At that point, he pulled her out of sight line of the door and said, "Ok, Linda, show me!" She knew exactly what he meant, of course, and, going back to shut the door, she lifted her skirt to her waist, exposing the panties he had given her. He reached down and felt her cunt through them saying, "Very nice! As pretty as ever. What about the top?" Anticipating that he would want to see her bra, she had worn a blouse with easy access. Quickly opening it, she pushed her breasts out, the nipples almost protruding through the cloth . "Still very nice tits, too. I guess being home didn't change things too much." 

She quickly closed the blouse, pleased at his reaction, but warning, "l can't do this every day. It's too risky!" 

He replied, with a smile, "I know, but I wanted to make sure you still felt the same. Maybe tomorrow, you can go without panties and give me a peek!" 

Linda did go without panties, ﬁnding it to be as stimulating as it had been in Washington. From that time onward, she frequently went without them, enjoying the feeling of daring freedom their absence gave her. For the rest of the school year, she was able to give Kenny that "peek" by opening her legs or lifting her skirt, entertaining both of them by her display. On two different Saturdays she was able to ﬁnd a reason to have Kenny and Beth come to her house (when Henry was at work) where they had a very erotic threesome, proving that all three had been thoroughly debauched in Washington. One of the most outrageous thing they did, and they did it because it was outrageous, was when Kenny and Beth invited their favorite teacher, Mrs. Kramer, to go to a drive-in movie (Lynwood still has one) with them. There was the usual double feature and they watched the ﬁrst movie, the one Mrs. Kramer had wanted to see. Then, while Linda sat in the front seat, Beth stripped completely and she and Kenny screwed in the back. While Kenny recovered from his exertions, Linda undressed after joining Beth in back. Finally, of course, Kenny fucked Linda while Beth observed. The whole thing just felt outrageous! 

Still, the most outrageous thing they did, by far, involved the rest of the girls. Shortly before everyone left for college, when Henry was out of town, Linda invited them all over to her house for a farewell party. In addition, Kenny had ﬁnally found the time, and privacy, to make large prints of each picture for their ediﬁcation. These, of course, became the center of attention immediately. The girls were startled at how much was shown, having only seen the small camera view screen before, and, naturally, by that time many of the poses had been forgotten, creating a surprise for the ones involved. As might be expected, the atmosphere became more and more intense as the inevitable sexual arousal occurred, leading ultimately to a suggestion, embraced by all of the kids immediately, that they reenact some of the more interesting photographs and try some different poses. They quickly talked Mrs. Kramer (as they still called her) into putting on her Washington dress with nothing under it (except the same thigh-high hose), and they followed her up to the bedroom where she reprised her nipple thrusting, bottom showing poses. She walked around, bent over, leaned back, whatever the group ordered she did, to their continual admiration and delight. 

As she relived the experience of exposing herself in Washington her excitement mounted, and she began to get that conscience-suppressing high that had dominated her then. Actually, of course, everyone was becoming quite aroused, both from, ﬁrst, scrutinizing the revealing pictures of her in that dress and, now, from her live display. Her non-alcoholic intoxication was made quite evident when Kenny got behind her and playfully, and very familiarly, cupped both breasts. Rather than pulling away with the proper show of indignation, she cried, "Kenny!" while making no move to get away. 

The point was even more clearly demonstrated when Kenny tweaked the nipples between his ﬁngers, saying, "These things are unbelievable! Here, you feel them." This last comment was made to all of the girls and, hesitantly at ﬁrst, each did so, marveling at their firmness and size, and with, that ﬁrst step taken, they cupped and lightly squeezed both tits. 

It was a measure of Linda's feeling of intimacy with the girls that she was not the slightest bit embarrassed as they felt her, enjoying their amazement at that firmness and size. Of course, the presumed motivation for feeling her was simple curiosity, and naturally that curiosity existed, but, obviously, the interest was more sexual than clinical. Feeling those heavy, ﬁrm cone-like breasts with their rock-hard nipples through the thin fabric would excite any normal person, male or female, and it certainly had that effect on the girls. For Linda, the additional stimulation merely added fuel to the growing ﬂame of her arousal. This, of course, was further fed by their continual ﬂattering comments about how wonderful the breasts and nipples were. 

When the last of the girls had thoroughly fondled the tits, there was a sort of awkward pause as each waited for someone else to lead to the next activity. Who knows where that might have led right then, but Beth (who certainly knew what those breasts -- and everything else -- felt like) headed off any further sexual action by proposing, "Look, why don't we all go into Mrs. Kramer's Jacuzzi?" She and Linda and Kenny had used it before, so she was familiar with it although the others weren't. The idea was met with instant support until Jenny mentioned the lack of bathing suits. Not surprisingly, no one thought that the lack of suits was a barrier, and ﬁfteen minutes later, six nude ﬁgures, ﬁve female and one male, slid into the heated water and relaxed. 

Relaxing does not mean that the sexual atmosphere was no longer present: in fact, if anything, all being nude in the semi-darkness accentuated their lascivious feelings. With Kenny's leadership, there was a general fondling of Linda's breasts again, this time without even the thin cloth in the way. In addition, the softness and slipperiness of the water made them feel even more sensuous than before. That then led, inevitably, to a general feeling of breasts in a scientiﬁc effort to compare them, an exploration that would have been difﬁcult if proposed baldly in the bedroom. Not only did Kenny get to fondle ﬁve sets of tits, each of the girls felt each other as well as Linda again, something that they would have avoided in a different setting. As might be expected, Kenny also managed to explore cunts as well, and, surprisingly, even encountered other hands doing the same thing! Who was feeling who was difficult to say in the crowded Jacuzzi, but he was certain that Linda was one of the explorers. In addition, it should be noted that several hands managed to grasp or stroke his cock under the water, something, it is needless to say, almost caused an explosion into that water. 

When they ﬁnally emerged from the tub, everyone's focus on sex had been raised to a high level, and there was a real need to lower the carnal tension that dominated them. In tacit recognition of their desire for something more, none of the girls suggested getting dressed, merely wrapping themselves, toga-like, in large towels. None of them made any effort to hide themselves as the arranged their towels, so, when Kenny put a smaller towel around his waist, it was a very inadequate way of concealing a very vigorous erection. 

By popular consent, they went back up to the bedroom, seemingly a better place for such a state of undress. Looking for something to break the thick tension in the air, someone proposed looking at the rest of the pictures. They passed several around, doing even more giggling and squealing as they saw themselves exposed in the prints. Suddenly, they reached the ones taken while Judy and Angela were being spanked. The regular spanking pictures were very sexy, showing the girls twisting and gyrating, trying to avoid the blows while, at the same time, inadvertently exposing their cunts and asses. They both were appalled, and, at the same time, stimulated by their extreme exposure. The last few pictures, however, went far beyond what they had expected. Angela's thickly-haired cunt was the centerpiece of one picture, followed by the one taken as she bent over for her panties, showing all the salient parts between her thighs and buttocks. Her groans and cries of dismay and embarrassment were quickly followed by even more vocal wail of protest as Judy's most intimate organs were revealed, particularly the print showing her bent from the hips, feet apart. It, unquestionably, was as blatant a display as could be imagined, with both openings so clearly depicted that they looked real, not a photograph. Both girls had known that they had been exposed completely, but not as completely as that! 

Judy ﬁnally found her voice and, almost shrieking, cried, "Good god, I don't believe it! Don't look at that anymore.... go on to the next one! Please!" 

Angela, agreed, saying, "Those pictures are indecent....well, I guess all of them are....but these are worse! Besides, they never should have been taken anyway! We shouldn't have been spanked because Mrs. Kramer knew that we could take the tour the next night." 

Judy came back with, "That's right! Being late didn't really cause any loss anyway. She should be spanked for not saying so!" They were being unfair, of course, and Judy admitted it later, but both were thoroughly embarrassed and were seeking anything to divert attention from their pictures. They didn't actually think that deviously, but their subconscious minds were at work. Needless to say, Linda protested mightily, pointing out her attempts to not spank them, but she was ﬁghting a losing battle since the idea of seeing her spanked appealed to all of them in their aroused state. It was agreed, over her strenuous protests, that each girl should get ten smacks, so, shortly afterwards, Linda, bereft of her towel, found herself lying across Judy's lap, her bottom defenseless to what she knew was coming.