 The sounds of metal weights clanking and pounding of feet upon treadmills that seems to be flying wildly out of control fills my ears, while the vague smell of sweat and stamina fills my nostrils as I sit in the lobby of the women's fitness center filling out a registration form.

I have decided that some of the "sagging parts" of my body needed to be "tightened up" due to inactivity during the winter months; at least before the summer beach season arrives. After registering, one of the physical trainers gives me a guided tour of the establishment.

We examine the free weights, exercise machines and medicine balls, then the aerobic fitness, shower, sauna and massage therapy rooms as we gradually tour the "state of the art" facility. She designs a workout regimen for me to follow and then recommends that I begin the following day. 

The next morning, as my alarm clock goes off, I reluctantly awaken, shower, throw on some athletic clothes and ford out to the gym. I promptly arrive at the gym, greet my personal trainer and begin what seemed to be a long and rigorous journey to the sleek, fully toned body that I so richly deserve.

The weeks painstakingly pass by as everything becomes gradually easier and more fun to do, while my body and our friendship grows stronger and healthier with each passing day. We train together and pleasantly chat about everything while trying to keep each other determined and focused. Usually after my workout, I would spend some time in the sauna to just relax and attempt to ease my mind from the hectic schedule of work, exercise and playtime.

Sometimes, as I sit there with sweat just pouring off of me as if I was caught in a rainstorm, my eyes would slowly meander around the room as i gaze at all the different "body styles" of all the other women in the room.

It was amazing on the diversity of body types that varied from woman to woman. Some breasts were small and perky while some were large and taught, as towels that covered them seem to hang off their slightly erect nipples like coat hangers.

Occasionally, I would get a brief glimpse of their pubic area, only to see some of them neatly manicured while some were extremely hairy like a shag rug and some were even completely shaven like a newborn baby's bottom.

My thoughts and imagination begins to ponder ideas of what would it be like to make passionate love to another woman but have never got up enough courage to go through with it. Therefore, I rise and walk to the shower room to take a shower and then to the locker room to get dressed and leave the gym to get on with the rest of my day.

One day, after a very stressful week, I decide to schedule a late session with my trainer so that I can do my workout routine fairly easy because it's usually not that busy during the evening hours.

I promptly arrive at the gym, quickly change into my athletic clothes, and head out to the nautilus area. As we gradually meander from workout to workout, I could not help but noticing what seemed to be her almost painted on athletic bra and shorts as they outlined practically every curve and ripple of her fully toned body.

She cracks an admiring smile as she catches my inquisitive stare; occasionally meandering all over her sleek, muscular body and then softly asks me, "Do you like what u see?" I had to turn my head away to keep my trainer from seeing my cheeks blush every shade of red.

After a fulfilling workout, I walk to the locker room, remove my athletic clothes, wrap a towel around myself and then retire to the sauna for a while. Some time passes, then suddenly as the sauna door opens, my trainer walks into the room only wearing a towel tightly wrapped around her and sits next to me.

We pleasantly discuss my progress since I started my workout, set a few goals for the short-term future and then gradually meander into all sorts of various subjects as we sit and dehydrate while sweat gradually beads upon our skin.

As our conversation slowly progresses, I notice her eyes gradually moving up and down as if she was trying to see what was underneath my towel. I begin to feel a little uneasy yet curious on what her intentions might be.

She sensed my uneasiness and politely asked if I have ever made love to another woman before. I bashfully shake my head as she gently places her soft delicate hand upon my knee, but as she inquisitively gazes into my eyes, she notices the gradual building of curiosity.

Something begins to stir deep inside me as she leans over and tenderly kisses my lips while gently caressing her hand up and down my legs and inner thighs. Then she gradually moves her hand up my torso, as it gracefully glides all over my sweat-moistened towel, only to gently caress each budding nipple with her fingertips through my towel as they reach each one. She rises to her feet, gently takes my hand and leads me to the shower room while grasping some face cloths along the way. She softly moans as I remove my towel and draw the shower. 

My eyes slowly gaze upon her fully toned nakedness as the streaming hot water gently cascades over me like an exotic waterfall while imagining what it would feel like to run my hands all over her sleek, hardened body. She takes a facecloth in hand, lathers it up with soap, and then begins to wash my back as she moves the facecloth in circular motions. She gradually moves lower to wash all around both of my ass cheeks as I give a soft little moan and crack a little smile as I gaze over my shoulder at her.

I turn to face her as she begins to wash all around my upper chest, and then gradually around each breast as feelings of lust begin to envelope me. She gently runs the facecloth over my pink, tender nipples while attempting to press my chest into her slow and affectionate hand.

She devilishly smiles as she notices my lustful facial expressions and continues to wash down my torso where my desire gradually heightens as her delicate hand movements moves lower toward the gradually warming area between my legs.

She begins to wash up and down my legs while slowly and methodically moving up my inner thighs as I bite my lower lip. I softly whimper and close my eyes as she gently rubs the facecloth over my slowly hardening lips as she washes around my groin.

I quickly open my eyes and stare as if to say, "Why did you stop?" She replies, "We need to save THAT for later." Then she places the soap and washcloth in my hand and turns her back to me.

After lathering up the washcloth, I begin to wash across her shoulders and then slowly down her back while moving in circular motions. I fantasize while feeling almost every ripple of her taught, muscular frame as my hand slowly meanders lower, until I reach her firm peach like ass cheeks 

While I wash all around her firm yet taught ass cheeks, I hear her softly moan and complements me on doing such a "Good Job." As she turns to face me, she takes my hand with the washcloth and slowly moves it across her chest. My mouth and tongue begins to yearn the feeling of her tender and delicate nipples while she leisurely moves my hand over her soft, pliant breasts.

Her hands helps mine gradually move down her torso, down her long sultry legs and then back up her inner thighs as my desires continues to heighten. She softly moans as my hand reaches her groin and gently rubs all around her fleshy mound and slightly hardened lips.

We quickly dry ourselves off as we finish our sensual shower and then she guides me into one of the massage therapy rooms while she motions me to lie upon the table on my stomach. I get goose bumps as she begins to pour cool, lavender scented rubbing oil all over my back.

She expertly massages the oil into my skin as she begins at my neck and then gradually moving across my shoulders. I close my eyes, as the muscle tension and stress slowly melts away under her strong yet affectionate hands. Soft moans emits from my closed mouth as she massages up and down my back and sides, while sending shivers up and down my spine as she slowly runs her tongue up my spine to the nape of my neck.

I lustfully lick my lips and moan more as she moves lower to gently massage my taught ass cheeks and gradually lick up the back of my legs and then all around each ass cheek while passionately kissing.

My legs slightly quiver while the warmness in-between them begins to heat up like an oven as she begins to gradually run her tongue up my inner thighs and my hips begin to move.

She turns me over onto my back and then pours more rubbing oil all over the front of my naked body. Waves of lust wash over me as she climbs on top of me and passionately kisses my lips, while her slightly hardened nipples and her soft velvety pubic hair brush against mine.

She rises and begins gently massaging all around my upper chest while moving lower to fondle my breasts and caress her delicate fingertips over my slowly stiffening nipples.

I slowly go crazy as she runs her warm, moist tongue up and down in-between my breasts, then underneath, up the outside, and then gradually back down to my hardening nipples. I close my eyes and gently run my fingers through her silky, soft hair as she licks around my areolas and then suckles on my nipples like a newborn baby while rolling them around inside her mouth with her tongue.

Soft whimpers emit from my closed lips as she slowly withdraws my nipples from her mouth only to gently tug on the tips with her teeth as she cups my breasts completely into her affectionate hands.

My whole body squirms as she gently massages my sides and tummy while gradually moving down my torso and then replaces the massages with tender, loving kisses and licks. Moving even lower, she gently massages my legs while slowly running her passionate tongue up my slightly quivering legs and occasionally alternating from thigh to thigh.

She drives me insane as she reaches my groin and sensually kisses and licks all around while gradually moving closer to my fully firm and dilated lips. Lustful moans and whimpers roll off my lips as she gently parts my lips and licks up and down each side of my rigid and fully moistened clit as my hot and sticky love juice begins to drip out of me.

My hips franticly gyrate all around as she expertly moves her lips all around and delves her tongue deep inside of me as my hot and sweet love juices begins to pour out of me like a raging river.

I gaze in bewilderment as she pauses, sits upon the table opposite of me and entwines our legs so that we could rub our rigid clits and lips together while she slowly grinds her hips all around. The feeling of her lips and clit upon mine was amazing as she gradually drives me closer and closer to orgasm with every movement of her gyrating hips.

Suddenly, she stops, moves in-between my legs and then takes one of her rock hard nipples and plunges it into my quivering love muscle and attempts to penetrate my insides like a dildo. The felling was unreal as she moved her breast all around until my whole body begins shudder as I scream and orgasm all over her breast and chest. 

After coming back to "reality", she moves over me, passionately kisses my lips and then lets me taste my own sweet love juices as I cup her breast into my hand. She moans as I slowly lick off and suckle the remaining cum off her rock herd nipple.

Then, she says, "Now it's your turn." She lies on her back and spreads her legs as I move over her and begin to fondle her breasts while suckling on her nipples like on a drinking straw as I cup them completely into my hands.

I attempt to passionately kiss and lick her soft supple skin, just as she did mine, while gradually advancing down her torso and briefly pausing to lick around and flick the tip of my tongue inside her navel while lustful moans ripples off her lips and her fingers gently combs through my hair.

By this time, I was desperately yearning to taste her sweet womanly nectar. Therefore, I move in-between her legs, gently part her lips and begin to lick up and down each side of her fully rigid clit while gently sucking, tugging and franticly moving in and out one and then two fingers.

Suddenly, her hips begin to buck wildly as I feel her love muscle begin to spasm, therefore I feel for her g-spot and begin to rub it with my fingertips as fast as I can while I suck on her rock hard clit and franticly rub the top of her clit with my other hand.

All of a sudden, she screams in ecstasy as she climaxes and clamps down on my probing fingers like a vice, while spewing her hot and sticky love juices all over. As she climaxes, I quickly plunge my tongue inside her while attempting to taste every drop of her sweet womanly honey. The taste of her sweet and salty cum was like nothing I had ever tasted before. 

As she gradually recovers from her sexual rapture, I move over her and passionately kiss her lips as she contently smiles and thank me for such a wonderful time. I cheerfully return the gesture as we cuddle in each other's warm embrace and bask in each other's pleasant afterglow. After some time, we decide that it was getting almost closing time, so we clean ourselves up, gather our things and get dressed. We leave the building and slowly walk to our cars while we vow to be lifetime friends and then lovingly embrace. Then we slowly drive off in fervent anticipation of our next sensual workout.