 They decided they had to have one another. So he goes to the counter and he gets a room. They walk off together in the right direction. Their hearts and breath are quickened, since they are nervous, and so excited at what the time before will yield. He opens the door and he watches her enter into the room. She is so beautiful and he lustfully looks at her curvy figure as she steps in ahead. He turns on one light and she puts her purse down and walks over to the bed, facing it. His hand closes the blinds so there is just enough light in the room. 

Her back is still turned when he comes up behind her. She feels his strong hands gently touch her shoulders. His hands gently stroke inward and touch the base of her neck. He runs his fingers up her beautiful hair, stimulating her scalp. She leans her head slowly back and his moist lips then kiss her on the neck. Her smell is intoxicating. She feels his hands run down her slender arms, his fingers tips gently stroking as he heads down to her hands. His hands are so warm as she feels his palms on the back of her hand. His hands head back up, and she can feel his repeated kissing on her neck turn her more and more on. His lips don't stop but move across the back of her neck to the other side. Now his hands are sensuously stroking her sides. He kisses up along her jaw line and onto her turned cheek. Her lips begin to yearn for his to be against them. His hot breath covers her neck and she feels it as it approaches her ear. His tongue now is barely touching through his wet kisses. 

His mouth reaches over to her ear and he gives a small wet kiss to the lobe and he whispers, "My mouth is going to search all over your body...I ache to hear you cum."

As he says this his open hands press on her ribs on each side and then slide slowly around under her breasts. She loves his strokes. Her mouth is open as she has to breathe more heavily. She feels his hands go down toward her waist and the tips of the fingers barely enter her panties, but they travel back up just cupping her lower breasts. His kissing of her neck is so turning her on. She feels his body pressed up behind her. She can feel the strength in his arms and she strokes them. She can feel him start to swell as he presses his hips into her shapely behind. She can't resist swaying so as to stimulate his cock. Finally his hands cup up onto her full breasts and his mouth is so close to her lips as she strains to turn her head to feel them. He can now feel her nipples become erect under her soft blouse and thin bra. His fingers stroking back and forth over them. 

She let's out a moan and she reaches back to stroke his head, but finally has to turn to face him. She has to have his lips on her. He looks into her eyes and still can't believe how gorgeous she is. Her hands feel so good on his back, and his arms relish having her curvy waist to experience. They both lean forward so their lips finally touch. He feels a wave of pleasure move through his lips into his cheeks and all the way back through him. She tastes so good and her sweet breath makes him long for more. Her sensual feminine touch makes his eyelids heavy. The passionate kissing is heating their desires and their stroking almost involuntarily begins to remove their clothing.

He slowly turns her again and he presses up to her back. This time unbuttoning her blouse. She feels him now fully erect pressing into her from behind. His hands peel back her blouse and she arches her back as his begins to massage her breasts through her bra, her nipples now begging to be stroked. He takes off his shirt and his hands go behind her and he unsnaps her bra. He slowly slides her straps over her shoulders and his anxious eyes peer over as her loosened bra begins to expose her erotic nipples. Finally, it slides off and his hands move in ecstasy as their longing is fulfilled as he fully feels her incredibly soft breasts. Her nipples are amazing and his fingers run across them gently back and forth. His finger and thumb tips then must caress the nipples directly. 

She feels her already wet clit begin to throb as fingers dance across her nipples. She feels his muscular chest pressing against her back. He can't resist kissing her neck again as one hands heads down along her smooth stomach. It reaches her pants and he begins to slide down into her panties. She now unbuttons her pants and they slide down. She's has to give him more room since her clit is begging to be touched. His hot hand slides down over her pussy, just gently swaying back and forth. His other hand starts to slide down her sexy panties and he also unbuttons himself, exposing his hard cock and pressing against her now bare sensual ass. 

She can't resist grinding herself against his cock as his fingers begin to feel her wetness. His excitement increases as he discovers she is soaking. His finger gently slides into her pussy, just barely entering her, and then he slides his wet finger down to the bottom of her, and then slowly back up her pussy, and finally over her throbbing clit. She lets out a strong sigh and he gives her another long slow wet stroke. She desperately wants more stimulation as she feels his cock pressing all against her wetting her, his other hand pulling just perfectly on her exposed nipples, and his hot kissing saturating her neck and cheek. He begins to stroke back and forth on her clit, and then in small circles. She can restrain her voice no more. She is beginning to moan with almost every breath. She can't believe how perfectly his fingers are stimulating her clit. He continues his stroking with an occasional dipping into her pussy, but knows she has to feel this release. So his fingers stay on her clit & nipples, and she begins to feel the climax beginning. Her knees weaken and her legs begin to quiver, but his strong hands have her. 

"Oh god, here it comes!" she desperately moans. 

Finally, her climax hits and she arches her back in pure ecstasy as the waves of pleasure surge through her body! Now with her barely being able to stand he knows he has to lay her on the bed. She lays slowly back, her legs instinctively spreading to allow him on her. She feels herself reaching forward, yearning to have him inside her. Knowing this he slowly slides his strong body on top of her and kisses her again, letting her feel his strength and just the right amount of his weight. And he reminds her, "My mouth has not yet finished its searching." And she feels his mouth begin to kiss and lick its way down from her neck onto her upper chest. She knows where he is heading and prepares herself for more...

His tongue then starts above her right breast and starts its slow wet lick toward her nipple. She's already so aroused but breathes heavy wanting his mouth on her breasts. She knows the stimulation will still make her pussy only beg for more. Slowly his tongue glides down and then flattens out nice & thick as it finally pulls over her nipple. She loves it and his tongue goes to the bottom of her breast. He starts back up with another slow, fat lick that fully stimulates her now erect nipple. Again, another slow long lick starts, but from the outside and right over her nipple again. And his tongue keeps going heading across her breast to the other, slowly inching its way. He cups her left breast positioning her nipple for the stimulation to come. He wets his tongue as it slides toward her nipple. His cock is throbbing, her breasts are so perfect for him, and her nipples a sensual delight he has longed for. Now he finally experiences the other nipple with a slow wet lick. 

He can no longer wait to suck. He sucks her entire areola into his mouth and licks and slurps to his delight. He takes both of his hands to cup the breast just the way he wants, his fingers slowly massaging on each side while his sucks drive her to further ecstasy. She feels his hard cock pressing against her outer thigh, his slow pumping as his mouth saturates itself. How now climbs between her legs and she feels his cock start to glide toward her drenched pussy. She moans as his tip presser into her and backs off. He now has cupped both breasts so he feverishly jump back and forth between her nipples. He gently sucks and slowly slides his lips over her nipples as it just pops out of his sucking mouth. Over and over again he does this to each nipple. Her clit now is begging for another orgasm.

He decides to now to soak her soft belly with his tongue. He sucks and swishes his tongue over the center of her stomach and he inches down. Constantly sucking, kissing....making sure no succulent skin is left untouched as he heads down to her pussy. He drives his tongue into her belly button and she lets out a sensuous giggle. Down he goes eventually to just where her panty line would be. Now his tongue goes back and forth all the way to the top of her bent leg and over to the other. She feels each swipe paint her with pleasure as he travels down to the top of her pussy. She can't keep her hips still now...trying to arch into his elusive mouth as each slow lick surrounds her clit just missing. His hands reach up and firmly hold on to her hips. She likes his strength. Having finally reached her drenched vulva, he flattens his tongue and licks slowly up each side of it. She loves his hot breath and licks. Her pussy is again ready for more stimulation and she begs for his tongue again and again, only to feel it lick circles around her clit. He knows it is time. He now kisses her clit, pressing his lips in all the way and gently nibbling, finally securing it with his mouth. Feeling his mouth finally arrive where she has begged it to be, she won't let it escape. 

His hands slide up over her body touching each of her nipples with his fingertips, granting her more potential for pleasure, as she then must grab his head with both hands and grinds his constantly moving lips and tongue fully into her clit. She sighs, so he also grants her release and his long licks pull up and over her engorged clit and his smooth bottom lip finishes the stimulation on each upward stroke of his tongue. Up and over again he gives her more of the same. She can't believe she is already nearing another climax. He now takes the point of his tongue and pushes it deep into the very center of her clitoris. Twisting, swirling, and grinding it against its swollen arousal. 

Her voice moans out, "Oh god, give me more, give me more!" 

Therefore he opens his mouth further and sucks her entire upper vulva into his mouth, pressing his face into her softness. She tastes and smells amazing to him. He pulls it in deeper stretching her clit so it can fully intertwine it with his tongue. Now having full access to her whole clitoris in his mouth he quickly twirls his tongue over, under, sideways, whatever he desires, feeling he can stimulate her into a long and hard orgasm. Feeling it build, her eyes close and she loses control of her moaning, not knowing it is increasing and is now non-stop. This only builds his lust to lick more intently. His open mouth with lips pressed hard against her pussy sucks strongly and his tongue moves relentless over her entire clit, both becoming one in a swirling dance. She now feels a surge of pleasure pushing out from her pulsating climaxing pussy, her body losing control as he takes fully over. She can no longer feel anything but his hands pulling on each nipple and his face grinding incessantly on her completely stimulated vagina as the room fully disappears and the ecstasy overwhelms her. Her almost violent cum feels as if it won't stop and her body quivers out of control. She cries out as he has taken her into bliss, and she fully lets go feeling his strength, control, and arousal over her. 

Finally, it starts to subside and he lets her slowly come back down, becoming more gentle and slow, allowing her back into a still blissful reality. She is still being held by him, her now weak arms with hands holding on to his head can do nothing but wait for what he desires. He lifts his head and slowly travels up over her glistening body and he lays his muscled body onto her, her legs spread wide and she feels his cock slide up over her soaking and still throbbing pussy. He now whispers something new into her ear. 

"My mouth has had enough for now. It's time for me to take you hard with my cock." 

And she knows he's going to take her...it's now time for his throbbing cock to have its fill inside her, and she will feel his full strength. Her legs still quivering from her hard orgasms, she feels the inside and back of her thighs being pressed by his strong body. His dripping cock has the bottom of its shaft pressing hard against her clit. She can feel his balls pressed up against her excited pussy. Holding himself up with one arm he takes the other and puts it behind her head and pulls her face forward so he can taste her sweet lips against his. Her weary arms feels invigorated and they wrap around his neck. Her sexy legs follow suit and decide to wrap around his ready to thrust hips. So with her lips still on him he pulls his hips back and she feels the head of his cock slide down her clit. She lets out a muffled kissing whimper, and his head stops at her ready opening. 

And she then feels the tip of his hard cock just enter her. She's wanting him to drive it deep and she flexes her legs, her heels pulling his hips forward. But his strength allows only the head of his cock to enter. And he pulls it out and in and out again, pulling up against the top of her vaginal opening. Though she knows she is powerless to force his strength to do anything her legs and hips start to frantically grind, wanting all of his cock. 

She whispers against his touching lips, "Please take me. Please put your cock in me. Fuck me hard!"

And then he decides it is time to thrust himself deep within her. And so he grants her his ready erection. Sliding it all the way in she let's out a deeper groan. She feels him put more of his muscular weight upon her. She feels his shaft go all the way in and fill her drenched pussy. He loves how wet she is and he knows he is soaking with her with all his precum. Her previous orgasms have made him as hard as he has ever been. And every inch of the surface of his cock is stimulated as he pushes in. The smallest movement stimulates him and he knows he has to give her all he can. 

And his thrusting starts. Deep long strokes that pull all the way out. She feels his head exit and gladly enter her exhilarated pussy. She then begins to experience the force of his body. His thrusting quickens and she feels her hips being pushed backwards across the bed. Every stroke slaps up against her bottom. She feels his strong arms begin to pull her back and then be placed above her shoulders so she has to fully experience the driving of his hard cock. Her pussy is so pleasantly sensitive from her orgasms she feels another strong one building. All she can do is hold onto him. She is at his mercy, but so loves it as she feels herself losing control again. She is being taken over by his thrusting and her eyes dim as all she can feel is the pulsating of her pussy as it cums hard against his driving cock. As he feels her climax his knees come off the bed as his toes support the back half of his weight, angling his driving as deep into her as he can. 

He craves to push as hard as can against her as he hears her scream, "I'm cuming again! I'm cuming!" 

He grinds his cock back and forth now as fast as he can. He pulls his face back from her grip just enough to see her facial muscles reveal her pure pleasure. She wants his full weight on her and pulls him toward her with what she has left. She then collapses as she can no longer hold on, her body wet with the perspiration of pleasure, his hard cock remains within her.

But before she can recover she feels him get on his knees while between her legs. He wants more of her. She then feels his strong hands reach forward and she is pulled off the sheets with one motion as he pulls her up to his chest while simultaneously spinning himself backwards, his lower legs falling to the floor as he sits on the edge of the bed, and she naturally falls on to his lap. She is surprised by his vigor. His hands grab her sensuous ass and pull her hard toward his still hard cock. Her head still spinning from her cum, she feels him instantly insert himself deep and begin to drive again, strongly pulling her hips forward forcing his cock fully in and out to satisfy his lust. She can do nothing but against grab around him so as to hold on. His hot breath and lips take her neck as he kisses stronger than before, swooping from one side to the other. 

Her legs instinctively wrap again and both his hands come up to grab her wet hair and passionately kiss her again. She feels purely amazing to him. Her soft sensuous body pushing up against his. Her sweet legs around his lower back and her comforting arms around his shoulders. His hips furiously thrust forward and back, fully stimulating his cock in her pussy. She feels the head of his cock start to fully swell as her own ecstasy starts to build yet again. While thrusting he hurriedly pulls his face down and his hand grabs her full breast lifting it so he can give her nipple a hard slurping suck. She arches her back and pulls his head into her cleavage. He cups both her breasts and feasts on her, jumping from nipple to nipple, while she helps him to quickly force her pussy up and down his hard shaft. 

He now feels his ejaculation begin that he has so ached for. Finally he will cum inside this woman he has fantasized for so long. Driving as hard as he can and letting out his own moaning, he feels his cock surge and it feels like the world is about to pour out of his cock. He then feels his hot cum exploding within her and he grinds himself back and forth, and sideways as his climax needs. She pulls his head back up to her lips and wants him to feel her feminine lips against hers as his orgasm takes him completely over. He is thrilled by her sensuality. She helps by pushing her pussy as far onto his cock as possible, feeling his hot liquid blast fill her wonderfully up. 

They wrap each other fully into their arms and just feel the ecstasy of their body heat and quickened breaths together, as they are tightly chest to chest. They sit in this position for a few minutes, just soaking in the experience and sexual stimulation they have intensely shared. They know they will be lovers again.