 Cindy knocked lightly on the door before entering the office.

"Come in." said a deep male voice. Cindy pushed open the door and walked in. Billy was sitting behind his desk looking at the door. "Hi, I'm here to work on your computer," she said.

"Oh great!" said Billy, as he rose from the chair. "It's been driving me crazy, locking up every few minutes. I can't get anything done!""

"Well, lets see what I can do," said Cindy as she sat down in his chair.

The smell of his cologne reached her nose and she smiled. It was so nice when the man smelled good. Said a lot about the man.

Well, I'll go get a cup of coffee while you look it over," said Billy. "O.K.," said Cindy. "I'd like to look you over," Cindy thought to herself as she watched him leave the office. "Mmmmmmmmmmm, nice butt too!"

"God, get a hold of yourself girl," Cindy said quietly. He's probably not even interested in you." But Cindy couldn't help thinking about him as she started to work on the pc.

Billy returned a few minutes later to find Cindy bent over removing the cover from the pc. Her short skirt had ridden up to where it was just barely covering her ass. The tops of her thigh highs were peeking out. 

Billy froze in the doorway. "Oh God," he thought He stood there admiring the view, feeling his cock start to harden. "Mmmmmmmmmm, nice ass."

Suddenly Cindy started to get up off the floor. Billy quickly entered the office before she noticed him looking at her.

"Is it serious?" he asked.

"No," laughed Cindy. I think there's a conflict between two of the interface cards. I'm going to remove one then see what happens."

"O.K., whatever," said Billy, having no idea what she was talking about. He spent the next few minutes looking at the gorgeous woman that was sitting in his chair.

He guessed her to be in her late 30's, short blonde hair, green eyes, lovely skin and from what he could see, great legs!!! He noticed some black lace showing beneath the top of her silk blouse. His dick was getting harder by the minute!!

"Are you new in the department?" he asked. "Yes," she replied. "I thought so," he said. "I would have definitely noticed you before!"

Cindy looked up at Billy and smiled seductively. "Why thank you," she said. "I've noticed you before."

"Oh really?" he asked. "Yes, that's why I asked to come here today," she said. "You did?" he asked, moving closer to her. "Yes," she replied as she rose to her feet.

He stood looking at her, not sure what to do next. Cindy could see the mixed emotions he was experiencing reflected in his eyes. "Well, looks like I'm going to have to make the first move," Cindy thought to herself.

"Yes, I have a problem of my own that I thought you might be able to fix," she said as she reached out and ran her hand over the bulge that was very evident in the front of his pants.

Billy gasped in surprise. He looked down into Cindy's eyes. "Are ... are you serious about this," he asked her huskily.

Cindy slowly walked over and shut the office door and locked it. "Oh yes, very serious," she said as she walked back to him.

She came to him and wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply, swirling their tongues together. 

After a few minutes, he broke the kiss and looked deeply into her eyes. "But, we don't even know each other. What's your last name? Are you married?"

"Do you want to get to know me or fuck me?" asked Cindy.

"Oh God! I want to fuck you!! groaned Billy as he grabbed her under her arms and lifted her up onto the desk. He hurriedly unbuttoned her blouse and moaned at the sight of her large breasts encased in a black lacy bra. He unhooked the front clasp, letting her lovely breasts spring free. "Beautiful," he said as he sucked one of her nipples into his mouth.. Cindy moaned loudly and grabbed the back of his head, puling his mouth even further onto her nipple. Her nipple grew longer and longer in his mouth. Billy quickly switched to the other nipple, sucking it deeply into his mouth.

Cindy reached down and rubbed the front of his pants. His cock was rock hard!! She wrapped her hand around it and squeezed, causing him to groan.

Billy kissed his way down her flat stomach, until he was kneeling in front of her. He slid her short skirt up as he spread her legs. He was surprised to see that she wore no underwear. He looked at her clean shaven pussy. Drops of moisture were glistening on her lips. He looked up at her with lust filled eyes and said, "Do you always go around with no underwear on?"

Cindy giggled softly and said, "Only on very special service calls."

Billy groaned as he buried his face in her pussy. He slowly licked her pussy from the top to the bottom, causing her to groan loudly. She was already very wet. He alternated between long licks and short little licks just below her clit. "Oh God," groaned Cindy. She was bucking her hips up at his face.. "This guy knows how to eat pussy!! " she thought to herself. 

Billy continued to lick her wet pussy for several more minutes. Then he slowly swirled his tongue around her clit and gently sucked it into her mouth.. "Oh fuck," she gasped as she flooded his face. She wrapped her legs tightly around his head, squeezing hard. She continued to buck her hips for several minutes as her orgasm subsided. She slowly loosened her legs from around his head, moaning softly.

Billy stood and quickly took her off of the desk and turned her around. He bent her over until her breasts were flattened on the desk.. He pushed her skirt up, exposing her lovely ass. He reached out and squeezed her firm butt, spreading her cheeks.

"Oh God, fuck me!!!!!!" pleaded Cindy. "Oh, I'm going to!!! " exclaimed Billy, lowering his pants.

He stepped forward and sank his cock into her hot pussy in one deep thrust.

"Arrruuughghghghhg," they both groaned together. Billy stood still a moment, relishing in the feel of her hot, tight pussy wrapped around his cock! Then he slowly withdrew until only the head remained in and then thrust back into her.

Cindy started pushing her butt back at him, wanting his cock deeper in her pussy. "Oh God," she moaned. "You feel sooo damn good." "Oh Jesus, so do you," replied Billy. 

He grabbed her hips and started thrusting harder and faster into her pussy. "Yessssssssssssssss," moaned Cindy. "Pound that pussy!!!!" She thrust back at him as hard as she could. She screamed loudly as another orgasm hit her.

Billy felt her juices flood his cock and run down his leg. Her pussy muscles were contracting around his cock as she continued to cum for several minutes. 

"Oh fuck!!" moaned Billy as he felt his balls tightening up. "I'm gonna cum soon.". "Oh yes, Baby, cum for me," moaned Cindy. 

Billy rammed her pussy with his cock as hard as he could, then exploded deep inside of her. Cindy could feel him spurting inside of her. They both moaned loudly.

After a few minutes, Billy collapsed on top of her, breathing hard. "Now that's what I call a service call!' he said. "Mmmmmmmmmm, you certainly fixed my problem," said Cindy, leaning up to kiss him.