 Tonight I am to accompany my boss and lover Mr. Paul Purrfect to dinner in the city as he is in town for some very important meetings and is alone this evening. As I am flying in from Paris it has been agreed that I will go straight to the hotel where he has arranged for clothes to be left for me to wear. He has impeccable taste so I am excited to see what has been left for me.

As I arrive at the hotel, I am shown to our room. Luggage brought in and the bell boy tipped, I find myself standing in a huge room with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the city, a big queen size bed, the wall opposite a bank of mirrors making the room look vast.

As I am thinking about finding my clothes for the evening my phone starts to ring and I see you are calling me. Answering I greet you "Good Evening Mr. Purrfect." I only ever call you Paul when we are at home.

"Good Evening Antonia," you reply. "Please follow my instructions carefully as any mistakes will, of course, be punished. Once you are showered and ready, go to the wardrobe where you will find a dress, some shoes, a long light jacket. The only lingerie you will wear is sheer black stockings and a garter belt. The only other item in the closet is a silk scarf, please tie this loosely around your neck."

Slightly puzzled I agree with "Yes, Mr. Purrfect," and agree to meet you in the bar at 8 pm.

As I am about to head to the shower, resisting the urge to peek in the wardrobe, my phone beeps with a text message. Seeing that it's you I open the message to read "Antonia, no touching yourself at all before we meet." Groaning, I head to the shower to get ready.

Having showered and applied some light makeup, I pull my hair up into a chignon knowing you love to see my neck and attach some tiny pearl drops to my ear lobes. Moving to the wardrobe I open the doors to reveal a beautiful long black satin backless dress, split to mid-thigh at the front. Classic black stilettos, stockings, and garter belt. Taking the garter belt I attach it around my waist and slide the stockings up and over my smooth legs, attaching them to the garter belt with the clips. I slip the dress on over my head and let it fall effortlessly over my otherwise naked body. The dress fits like a glove, outlining the curve of my hips and bottom. The material soft against my skin, the dress moves across my already erect nipples as I slip my stockinged feet into the spike stilettos.

The scarf puzzles me as it seems a little out of place, but knowing I've to follow instructions I loosely tie this around my neck before slipping the long jacket around my shoulders. One last look in the mirror and I am ready for what ever the evening may bring.

Entering the lift I am pleased to see that it is empty, giving me a chance to gather my thoughts. I have been away a week and have missed you very much. I am so lost in thought that I don't notice the lift stopping and a new passenger enters the lift behind me until I feel warm breath on my neck and your voice in my ear "Good evening Antonia." Giving a little start I feel your hand stroke over my silk clad bottom and I know you are checking my obedience. I open my mouth to speak but you put your finger to my lips. "Don't speak until I say and stand still. If you fidget I will punish you." I feel your fingers begin to lift my dress at the back your hands caressing and kneading the cheeks of my bare bottom. Your hand moves between my legs nudging them apart to gain access to my already moist pussy, dipping one, then two fingers inside me probing and pushing against my sensitive g spot. I cannot help but sigh and my hips wiggle inviting you to continue. "You know I will punish you for that Antonia," you whisper in my ear.

Slipping my jacket from my shoulders, you take the silk scarf from around my neck. Before I have registered a thought you clasp both my hands pulling them firmly together behind me and binding them tightly with the scarf at the small of my back, my fingers resting just on the top of my bottom. I gasp and shift as if to step away before hearing your voice commanding "Stand still Antonia."

Slipping my jacket back across my shoulders I see now the need for it as it hides my bound wrists as we enter the hotel restaurant. Showing us to a secluded booth the waiter moves to take my jacket causing me to look at you in panic. "It's fine, thank you; the lady would prefer to keep her jacket for now."

Helping me into the booth, you slide in beside me as you do your finger tips brush against my nipples erect from the attention the silk fabric is causing making me gasp. The thrill is making everything so very sensitive.

Opening the menus you select some dishes you know I will like with a small smile; you know I am wondering how on Earth I am going to eat them.

Closing the menu, I feel your hand on my knee slowly moving my dress up my legs. "Sit very still Antonia and don't make a sound," you whisper in my ear.

As your hand reaches the bare flesh at the top of my thighs I hold my breath knowing where you are heading. My legs part subconsciously allowing your finger tips to stroke the length of my bare pussy lips. As you do a gasp escapes my lips and I catch your look keeping me still. Your fingers are driving me crazy in a slow erotic dance just avoiding my clit.

As the waiter appears at the table to take our order your thumb finds my clit causing me to jolt. "Would you like me to order for you Antonia?" you ask as I lower my flushed face from the waiters searching eyes."Yes please," I manage to say as your finger disappears inside my pussy pushing forward against my g spot.

Keeping your fingers firmly inside me and on my clit, you continue to tease me, bringing me closer and closer, my chest tightening as I begin to panic that I'm going to cum in front of the waiter while you place our order for sushi. Finally, the waiter backs away and your fingers ease off a little.

Bringing your mouth close to my ear you whisper "I calculate you have around 4 minutes to orgasm before the waiter returns with our food, shall we see Antonia?" Your fingers begin to move quicker inside me, your thumb pushing firmly against my clit and your free hand holding me firmly at the waist to keep me still. My breathing is ragged as I try not to make a sound, my orgasm building fast in my belly. I slump against you as I cum on your fingers moments before the waiter returns with our food.

As the waiter places the food I realize my jacket has slipped from one shoulder and he is staring open mouth at my bound hands. Placing my jacket back on my shoulder and looking directly at the waiter, you pick up some chop sticks and proceed to feed me the sushi. "Thank you," you say to the waiter as he scurries away.

Despite my predicament and the fact you are feeding me, the food is delicious, the wine is cold and refreshing and we chat about the week I've been away like nothing unusual is happening.

At the end of the meal, the bill paid, we head to the lift to go back to our room. As we enter the lift your hand moves to my left breast, "Your heart is beating fast Antonia. Are you nervous?"

"A little," I reply. You smile, untying my hands and drawing me in close to you kissing me gently at first, then more urgently pushing my lips open with your tongue, biting down on my lip leaving me gasping for air.

"You should be," you reply as the lift reaches our floor. As the door to our room closes, you are behind me, lifting my long dress up over my body telling me to raise my arms as you slip it right off leaving me naked bar my stockings, garter, and stilettos. Placing my arms again behind my back you tie them again with a silk scarf, the placing of my arms making my breasts push forward. Walking me across the room you stand me in front of the full-length mirrors before moving away to remove your clothes.

Moving back behind me your hands rest on my hips as you pull me back against you holding me there "Look at me Antonia," you say as my eyes lift to meet yours in the mirror. Your leg moves in front of mine pushing my legs apart and holding them there as your fingers start to pinch and roll my nipples making them hard and aching. I can feel you hard against my bottom and squirm back into you as the fingers of your right hand begin to rub my pussy. I'm moaning now, my breath coming in gasps and I have no control with my hands tied. You work my pussy and nipples harder and faster as I squirm and buck against you as you hold me fast. Bending me forward slightly I feel the head of your cock against my pussy lips and knowing I am dripping wet you thrust up and deep inside me in one long stroke filling me completely with your hard throbbing cock.

Holding yourself deep inside me you still me with your hand wrapped in my hair as your mouth finds my neck biting gently. Giving me some slack I start to rotate my hips working myself on your cock, squeezing you tightly inside me as I begin to move. You are watching me intently; your hands roaming from my nipples to my clit, rubbing, stroking, pinching. "Please cum inside me Mr. Purrfect," I start to beg as another orgasm builds fast with the intensity. Allowing me to move and buck faster on your cock you start to match my strokes pulling me back changing the angle to get as deep as possible. I hear your breathing change and you start to groan as your cock begins to jerk. I feel your cum hot and bubbling inside me as your orgasm hits, sending my own over the edge as wave after wave of pleasure washes over me, my skin flushing and my head thrown back against your shoulder panting.

As my legs buckle your arm snakes around my waist holding me up and you slip from my pussy. Guiding me back towards the bed you sit on the edge. I sit on the floor between your legs my head resting on your thigh as you stroke my hair. There is no need for words for a time as we both recover from our orgasms.

After a while, I feel your hand tighten in my hair as you pull my head up to look at you. "Antonia I should punish you for your behavior in the lift, but I think you should shower first so I can decide what it should be." Nodding my head, I rise to go shower and you give my bottom a swat as I pass you, making me squeal.

I turn on the shower and get in allowing the hot water to cascade over me, the water drumming on my erect nipples making them ache and throb. Taking the gel I start to soap my body when I feel you enter behind me your hands beginning to soap my breasts down over my belly to my pussy, rubbing and pinching my clit making me cry out in the steam. Suddenly I feel your hand push against my upper body holding me against the shower wall, your free hand massaging the soap into my bottom cheeks slipping between them soapy warm water, your fingers probing at my forbidden hole I start to wriggle and plead "No Mr. Purrfect please not there."

"Be still Antonia. Relax and trust me," as your finger probes breaking through the rim sliding deeper inside my bottom until you are in holding me still deep inside. "Rub your clit Antonia," you command. Dropping my hand between my legs I start to my rub my clit, making my bottom jerk against your finger as I feel your cock now hard against my pussy lips. Sticking my bottom out you spread my legs with your feet plunging your cock deep inside my pussy, your finger still in my bottom. Pulling my head back by my hair you stand still, the water still pounding down on us as I begin to move back against you rotating my hips, squeezing your cock. Leaning forward, your voice in my ear asks "What do you want Antonia?"

"Fuck me please Mr. Purrfect."

Laughing, you start to fuck me hard, hand holding my hip you take your finger from my bottom and start to spank me as your cock pounds into me under the hot water. Matching your rhythm, I push back against you crying out your name as my orgasm builds for the third time this evening. Knowing I won't hold out much longer, you lean forward pinching my clit between your fingers making me cum hard on your cock. Holding your cock still as my body spasms you wait until my orgasm recedes before pulling out.

Turning me round you push me to my knees wrapping your hand in my hair making me look up at you. "Open your mouth, Antonia. I want to fuck you." Smiling, I open my mouth to receive you as you push forward. Right the way to the back of my throat, I gag slightly before relaxing, taking you deep in my throat. I start to suck, working my tongue up and down your shaft and around your sensitive head. Holding your bottom tightly, I suck you harder and faster knowing you are close to cumming. As you start to jerk I can feel your legs wobble as your hot cum hits the back of my throat in hard bursts, filling my mouth and dribbling down over my chin. My eyes sparkling up at you, hair wet and plastered to my face. Letting you slip from my mouth, I sit back looking up at you and lick my lips.