 "Well Shawn, I've been down before and made my way back up. I am sure I can do it again. And I will probably end up back down again." This was in reply to his questioning me as to how I was coping since moving. I went from living with a wonderful woman for four years to living in a room in a boarding house after our slow drawn out break-up.

So here I was back to my old hometown, starting over yet again. At least it was close to my dead end job, my children, and my mother. It was quite and I still had my computer to play with.

Shawn's wife Kate saw me in the local convenience store on Thanksgiving Day picking up a Turkey sub. He and I had been out for drinks after work a couple times and he was always inviting me back to the house for dinner. I even heard Kate asking him on the phone if he had invited me for dinner. I did accept on one occasion, that I was going over to fix something for him. He even invited me to Christmas dinner, which I declined telling him I had plans. He later told me he had seen my car sitting at the boarding house for the entire day.

It was nice to have people that were caring for me. I was resistant due to a mild case of depression, the loneliness, and the holidays. Later that week Shawn called and invited me out to the bar for a drink. We had a few at the local watering hole before we headed home. Before he dropped me off he said, "Kate and I are having a little New Year's Eve party and want to know if you want to come. In fact I am not going to take no for an answer."

I said, "Well I don't have any other plans, but I don't have anyway to get there because my car is broke down."

"I'll pick you up; I have to drop off the kids that afternoon anyway. If you don't mind coming over early."

"I'll even give Kate a hand with the food if you want."

"I'm sure she'll appreciate that, cause I can't cook worth shit."

So there I did it, I made my friends feel good about themselves for taking care of their poor lonely friend. I actually saw Kate at lunch the next day with a friend from work. They came in to the convenience store as I was getting lunch. Kate introduced her friend as Trish, and told me she was a co-worker. Trish was cute, with long red hair, green eyes, small round tits and a nice firm ass in her jeans. Being lonely I am always looking for different women to fantasize about while getting in touch with myself. 

I slept in the next day; in fact I lay in bed till well after noon. My phone came to life around one, it was Shawn, or so I thought. It was actually Kate, who was frantic. She asked me "Do you know where I can get a recipe for crab cakes? Someone was suppose to get me one but they forgot."

I answered, "Sure Kate, I know how to make them. I will help you when I get out there."

"Thank you. You're a real lifesaver."

I lay back down for an hour before getting up, cleaning my room and heading for the shower. I remember laughing to myself as I changed the sheets on my bed that it would be a good idea in case I got lucky at the party. I figured I would try to look my best for the party; it might even pick up my spirits. I was looking for my ginseng supplements, only to discover I was out of them. I ended up taking another supplement I had in the cabinet; it would work to keep me awake although it was designed to enhance a sexual experience. I put on a nice pair of khakis and a sweater. I even grabbed an extra shirt in case I got anything on me while cooking.

Shawn picked me up and after a quick trip to the grocery store we arrived at his place. Kate gave me an apron, and then her and I did some preparation, while Shawn kept our wineglasses full. Then they asked if I minded if they went to get ready. I told them it was not a problem and told Shawn he could go help his wife. I figured, by the smile on Shawn's face, that they would be a while. I assured him I could make the crab cakes with my eyes closed and I had plenty of time.

I opened the crabmeat and had chopped all the other ingredients when someone knocked on the door. I opened the door and greeted a beautiful guest. I had actually met Trish the week before at the store when I ran into Kate. I invited her in, took her coat and explained that Shawn and Kate had just gone into their room to get ready. She told me she had just talked to her and Kate had told her to help me out. I was already sautéing the spices and I poured her a glass of wine while the ingredients cooked. I found myself stealing glances whenever I could. The thought had already occurred to me that Trish and I were being set up, although I wasn't sure if she was behind it, or oblivious to it. In any case they did a fine job, as Trish was beautiful with her hair up and in a stunning blue silk dress sinful three-inch heels. As I mixed the ingredients with my hands then started forming patties, I would repeatedly find my eyes drawn to Trish's fine figure. My libido driven mind was now fantasizing about what she might have on under her mid-thigh length dress. She stood next to me and chatted while I worked. I was intoxicated by the sweet scent of her perfume and the endearing touch as she fed me wine from my glass. At one point I asked her to look for a platter to put the crab patties on. The wine and my horniness took hold of my imagination as she bent to look in one of the bottom cabinets for the serving dishes. I could have sworn that I saw the faint line of a garter strap drawn tightly over buttocks. My mind was reeling with fantasies now. Now I was considering asking this exquisite creature out on a date.

I was rotating my neck, partly out of stiffness from spending so much time in bed and partly to discreetly spy this wonderful red heads beauty. She walked up behind me and gently placed her hands on my shoulders. She began slowly massaging my shoulders and neck. I was in heaven from her scent, her touch and the occasional brush of her breast into my back. I am so happy I had the apron tied around my waist, as my cock was now hard and growing. I told her how wonderful it felt and jokingly told her I would have to return the favor sometime.

I washed up and prepared the pan to cook the patties. We were sitting at the table and chatting when Shawn and Kate emerged. By the smile on Shawn's face I knew for sure that they had enjoyed the hour or so they had spent alone. I know I had enjoyed the view and company of Trish. Shawn asked me to come out to the garage and help him with something. I knew it was basically a ruse to sneak a cigarette and possibility on my part to gather a little more information. We sat in a couple of chairs he had set out and he told me that we were searching for the poker table and chip set, which were leaning against the wall by the door. I decided to cut to the chase and asked Shawn straight out if Trish was in on the set up or was it all his and Kate's idea. At first he denied knowing anything, but eventually broke down. He started by apologizing and then told me that Kate had concocted the entire scheme without Trish's knowledge. He had told me that he had tried to get her to refrain from meddling, but she had insisted that everything would go fine if Trish and I just had the opportunity to meet. I assured him that everything was fine, and that I appreciated her concern and caring. We finished our cigarettes and then carried the table and accessories down to the basement. 

Shawn told me that he was planning on getting a few people to play some Texas Hold'em. He explained the cost of the tournament would be twenty-five dollars each, and asked I was interested in playing. I immediately pulled out my wallet and paid for my buy in as he did the same. We finished setting up the table, putting twenty-five hundred at each of the seven seats and then returned to the girls in the kitchen. No other guests were supposed to show for another hour and I took the opportunity to go ahead and pre-cook the crab cakes. I made a quick cocktail sauce, and served the first plate to of the treat to us. Everyone complimented me on my culinary skills and Trish assisted me in cooking the rest of the cakes, wrapping them up and placing them in the oven for later consumption.

No mention was made about the situation that Trish and I had been placed in and Shawn had evidently told Kate not to push the issue. I wasn't trying to make any moves on Trish, but I did not pass up any opportunity to interact or make contact with her. She also seemed quite comfortable with touching and being close to me. At one point, while retrieving something for Kate, Trish and I found us face to face alone in a dimly lit space. I placed my hand on her side, as did the same to me. I quietly told her I had the sudden urge to kiss her and she silently stared as I continued by say that I would definitely make good on that urge soon, before walking out. I did get more information at to her undergarments as my hand slowly slid down her side. She seemed to have some type of form fitting lacey all-in-one garment on, probably a teddy of some sort.

The guests started arriving around eight. I didn't know many people so I found myself staying close to Trish. She introduced me to a few of her and Kate's colleagues, and Shawn finally came over and told me that we were starting our little tournament in five minutes. I excused myself and Trish grasped my hand and gave me a kiss on the cheek for luck. I thanked her and made my way through the crowd to the basement. 

There were now eight places set at the oblong table and all were seated except Shawn and I. I made a quick calculation and surmised that the tournament would be worth a quick hundred and seventy-five. Shawn sat and told the four other guys watching to gather around as he flipped the cards around to find the first dealer. These four were in the 'bullpen' and would have a chance to buy in after someone had gone out. Shawn quickly explained how the tournament would work. Every started with the same amount and the forced bets would double every thirty minutes. We would play till eleven forty-five and the one with the most chips would take the prize if everyone had not been eliminated yet. He also made note that we would take a five-minute break at ten and eleven.

By time of our first break I had eliminated three players and Shawn had taken out two. We were still at seven players and ready to get serious. Shawn and I headed out for a cigarette along with four others. Trish even joined us in the chilly garage. As she smoked and started to shiver from the cold temperature she leaned back against me and I wrapped my arms around her to warm her. She backed her butt tightly against my crotch. She spoke as if nothing was happening although she was teasing me by flexing her buttocks and gently shimmed my hardening cock between her cheeks. She asked Shawn if we wanted a full time dealer. He asked anybody if they objected and we agreed after the next person was out we would allow her to deal. Meanwhile I was to look over her shoulder to see a hint of light blue lace covering her boob.

I excused myself to use the bathroom before we went back to play and when I remerged from the bathroom Trish was standing at the door with two glasses of wine. She was a little inebriated and said to me quietly with a seductive smile that she appreciated me keeping her warm. I placed my hand on her shoulder and slid it up to her neck; I was preparing to kiss her when an extremely drunk Kate interrupted us. I took the glasses of wine and took them to the basement. We had played three hands and one of the players was about to be purged. He was actually sitting in the dealer's position and was in fact next to deal. More importantly he was directly to my left, which would put Trish next to me as she stepped in as dealer.

She sat quietly and quickly dealt the cards. She was very professional with her work, and knowledgeable about the game. My luck improved as she dealt, not only with the cards, but also with my voyeurism. It seems that her skirt hem was rising as she sat, and I thought I could see the beginnings of a darker band of a stocking top. I was also privy to an occasional peek at her lace-enclosed breast. She would occasional brush against me and secretly touch my leg when she was bending over to get her drink. I was half-hard and my fantasies were fighting to take over my mind. It actually improved my card play as I thought less about my cards and more about her lace lingerie. I was actually looking forward to the break and playing more aggressively to whittle the field of players down. We were down to four players and I was the chip leader by the time we went to break. 

She and I were the last ones to ascend the steps, someone stopped to talk ahead of us and I took the occasion to put a hand on her hip and secretly kiss her neck. She shivered and quietly sighed. Out in the garage this time I wrapped a jacket around the front of her to keep her warm and discreetly trailed my hand up and down her side as we all chatted. I allowed my hand to fall low enough to confirm my suspicions about her choice of hosiery, by then lines of her garter strap attached to her undergarment. If nothing else would come from this night but a midnight kiss at least I would have the mental image of her to fuel my masturbation fantasies.

She and I again were thwarted in another attempt to kiss, but I felt that it just built or anticipation for when we did get to kiss. We returned to our game and I quickly took one player down while the other removed Shawn from the game. The player, who was an obnoxious guy I knew from the local bar, was trying to flirt with Trish as she dealt. She constantly blocked his advances, and was even rude to him at times. He was intoxicated and was getting sloppier with his play. I was slowly dwindling his stack down till I found his flaw, and then it took me three hands to take the remainder of his chips. Shawn dropped the three hundred dollars in front of me and patted me on the back. I made a joke about being lucky and cards and the opposite with women as Trish, him and I put away the chips. Trish said quietly to herself, a comment about me going two for two on the evening. Shawn asked her what she said and she denied saying anything at all.

Kate called for Shawn and I told him that I would finish cleaning up. Trish and I worked in silence and when she helped me put the table in the closet I cornered her. I grabbed her like I was about to give her a slow passionate kiss, and then kissed her neck and told her that she would have to wait till midnight. I kissed her neck three more times and she moaned softly into my ear. She called me a tease and I laughed as I ran my hand down her back and over her firm ass. I assimilated more information about her lingerie; she was wearing a thong and probably a garment called a corselet. I knew the top was light blue and was hope to find out the color of the thong. We broke our embrace as Shawn returned to the basement. We told him that we had finished and we all returned to the party on the main level of the house. Many of the guests were intoxicated and boisterous I said hello to a few people and then made my way out to the garage for another smoke. I had just lit up when the object of my dreams snuck out to join me. She had her long coat on and she walked right up to me and put her arm around me while facing me. She admonished me for my teasing action and I laughed as I told her it was only in retaliation for her earlier actions. She asked me if I knew about us being set up and I told her I figured it out when she came over so early. She smiled and then told me that she didn't think about it till Kate asked how she liked me for the fourth time. We laughed about it and decided that we would play it cool for the time being. A guy interrupted us, which is in the local firehouse that I once was involved in, who chatted with us for a bit. I found out that he was going to another party shortly after midnight, because he was striking out with all the single women.

It was getting close to the time and I had arranged with Trish that we would meet in the kitchen, if she still wanted her kiss at midnight. I went to the bathroom and she entered while I was leaving. I talked to a few people and slowly worked my way through crowd to the kitchen. The living room was filling quickly as everyone gathered around the television. Kate tried to drag me into the living room but I declined. I was facing the living room hoping to spot Trish make her way in. I heard the announcement of one minute till midnight and then felt a hand grab mine and pull me back. I followed Trish out the back of the kitchen, down the hall to the bathroom. We slipped inside without even turning on the light and she locked the door behind her as she leaned back to on the door. I stepped up to her and took her in my arms. I kissed her lips once gently, then again. I held her tightly as I kissed her with a long passionate French kiss. We actually made out for about five minutes before we heard people coming down the hall. We managed to slip out without being caught, and made our way to the garage. She spoke quickly saying she had an idea, then the guy that we were chatting with earlier came out as he was on his way out. She stopped him and asked him to do her a favor, she asked him to bring me down to the gas station about a mile down the road in about ten minutes. He agreed and she told him to wait a few minutes after she left. We all went inside and she quickly found Kate and told her she had to go home to check on her mother. She said goodnight to a couple co-workers and gave me a hug and whispered that she would see me in a few minutes, before she left. 

I waited for my ride, Matt, to tell Shawn that he was leaving to go to another party and spoke up asking him for a ride back to my place. He played along and said no problem. I said my good-byes to Shawn and Kate as we headed out. Kate followed me out with the shirt I had brought along. She had hung it on a hanger for and handed it to me. I thanked her and hopped in Matt's jeep. I told him that both Trish and I appreciated him giving me a ride and also would be grateful if he remained silence about our clandestine encounter. He quickly got me to the rendezvous location and dropped me off. I immediately noticed that the Trish was sitting in the passenger seat, so I hung my shirt in the back and quickly slid in behind the wheel.

I was about to put on my seat belt, when Trish said, "I want you to know that I usually don't have one night stands. Kate thinks a lot of you to set you up with me. I am not looking for a boyfriend, but an occasional date and get together isn't out of the question. It's no offense to you; I just want to enjoy my life for a while without having to consider anyone else in my decisions. I know I may sound like a harsh bitch, but I am not about to repeat my past mistakes." 

I smiled at her and told her, "I understand more than you can imagine. I am just getting over my last heartbreak myself. I propose that we just play it by ear, as far as what happens after tonight. But, as for tonight, I really want you. You have been driving me nuts all night long. So where are we going?"

She asked, "Kate said the other day you rent a room. Do you have privacy? I would take you to my place, but I live with my mother and she is having a party tonight."

"I don't have much, but I do have privacy. That and a big bed."

She leaned over and kissed me. She squeezed my thigh and said sensuously, "What the fuck are we waiting on?"

I buckled my seatbelt and put the car in gear. I couldn't wait to have her on my bed. As I drove I asked Trish, "What are we going to tell Kate? Do we tell her she was right and made a good move, or do we tell her she ruined our night?"

I arrived at my place four minutes later and parked around the corner. If she stayed too late in the morning, I didn't want the car visible to Shawn and Kate, when they came to pick up their children. Trish answered my question as we walked up to my place. She said, "I don't know what we should do yet. I will have to think about it later, because right now all I can think about is your lips and tongue."
