 Please do not hesitate to leave feedback, just be constructive, not mean.

All characters are over 18

* * * * *

The journey home almost went as a blur for Kate. She had just agreed to come onto her friend's husband in a trap to see if he was actually cheating on his wife, Jess. The problem was, she already knew the answer...

She almost got caught out when she turned up late to her spa appointment with Jess. In fact, while Kate was bringing herself to orgasm in the steam room with Jess, it was Jess' husbands' cum that was leaking back out of her pussy.

How could she have let it happen? Go this far? the first time was meant to be the last, an accident, but Jake's cock was almost an addiction now... Even now, after having fucked him a few hours ago, and brought herself to orgasm at the spa she found her pussy tingling for more attention!

4 Months Ago:

Kate ran down the stairs, her large breasts barely contained in the small black bra she had on. The fact she only had a towel around her waist was ok as she knew it was just her friend Jess at the door.

"You're here, finally! I didn't have any... OH My God!" Kate froze. There standing at the door wasn't her friend, but Jess' husband Jake. He stood there, holding a bag in his hand, mouth open clearly taking in the view.

Kate realised that she had just bounded down the stairs in nothing more than a bra and her large breasts were pretty much entirely on show. Her red curly hair was wild as she hadn't finished getting ready yet.

Jake turned beat red when he realised he was staring at his wife's friend. He had always thought she was attractive, but he had obviously never seen her this undressed.

"I... er... Jess asked me to drop round... busy. She was busy." He held up the bag. Kate went to take it, only for the towel she was holding around her waist to drop to the floor. Jake's eyes dropped with it and saw her perfectly smooth pussy before Kate swore and pulled her towel up.

"Shit, I'm sorry Jake!"

"No... no, I mean it's my... What?"

Kate noticed the rather obscene bulge in Jake's jeans as she reached and took the bag of dresses from Jake. Fuck he's big... she thought to herself, before she remembered who he was. "Look, come in." She said and walked back into her house.

Jake stared open mouthed at the bare ass of his wife's friend, round and pert and biteable... He kicked himself, he shouldn't be having these thoughts. But Jess had been a bit cold recently. He just needed to sort himself out that was all... He entered Kate's house and shut the door. "Lovely place you have."

"Thanks." Kate replied, putting the bag down and finally re-wrapping the towel around herself. "Sorry for the show, I was expecting you to be Jess and well, she's used to seeing me."

"No, don't apologise, it was nice!" Jake turned bright red when he realised the words that just came out of his mouth. This time Kate turned red.

"I'm out tonight and realised I had nothing new to wear." She tried to distill the silence before it brewed for too long.

"Well hopefully one of those will do the trick." Jake smiled back. He couldn't stop staring at his wife's friend. "Though I'm not sure some of them will..." He cut himself off as he realised what he was saying.

"Not sure some of them will what, Jake?" Kate asked, looking down at her own body. "Fit? I'm not that fat am I?"

Jake held out his hands, "No! NO, no, sorry I meant..." He turned red again, "Forget it, please? I'm sorry."

"No, what did you mean? You can't tell a girl you think she's fat!" Then she let out a coy smile, "Especially one who's just flashed pretty much everything she has for free." She spotted the tent bulge. Why was she so interested in it?

"Fine, I wasn't saying you were fat, I meant, well... Your breasts are bigger than Jess'."

"Oh..." Kate replied. "Well, I was hoping that she would also help me decide which one looks best, but I guess you'll have to do."

"Me? I don't think..."

"Well you're a guy, your opinion would better match the one of who I'm going out with surely." Kate said matter of factly.

"I don't know..." Jake replied, but inwardly the thought of seeing Kate trying on different dresses was making his heart thump. I guess just looking wouldn't be wrong, he thought to himself.

"Please?" Kate said, pouting slightly. Was she flirting with Jess' husband? No, just practice for later, Kate said to herself. Before Jake replied she was pushing him back onto her sofa and down. The flashing thought of straddling his lap quickly pushed away.

When she started rifling through the bag right there in front of him Jake started to squirm, "Aren't you going to your room to change?"

"Well, I could, but that is a lot of to-ing and fro-ing, besides, you've pretty much seen all that I've got anyway!" Kate grinned.

"True." Jake replied, warming up a bit. "Lets just say that you went elsewhere though to Jess OK?"

"Sure thing." Kate smiled back. In her head this was nothing but innocent banter, but she couldn't deny she was getting hot between her legs. A tingle of excitement spread through her as she picked out a black dress and held it up. "Number one!"

Jake remembered that dress. It didn't help his situation in the fact that it was the dress that Jess had been wearing last time they had had sex. As he recalled Jess had not been wearing any underwear that night and they didn't even make it to the bedroom. His cock throbbed at the memory.

But even worse now, his wife's friend was about to put the same dress on too, and as she dropped the towel he remembered she was without underwear also... A groan left his lips before he could stop it.

Kate pretended not to notice Jake's noise as she slipped out of the towel, her heart rate shooting up as she bared herself once again in front of him. What was she doing? "Sorry, I forgot..." She lied. "But it's not the first time you've seen it now anyway." She grinned.

Jake watched, his mouth going dry as Kate struggled into the small black dress. Easing it over the curve of her hips and the swell of her breasts. Her bra did nothing but force her breasts up and almost out of it.

"Well?" she asked, turning around. Jake's mouth hit the floor. "I'll take that as a good sign?"

"Well, you're not exactly in it are you?" Jake finally found his voice. Kate pouted. "Well unless you're meeting a guy that's paying for your services I'd suggest something a little less fuckable."

"Jake, it's been so long I probably wouldn't mind if he thought I was a hooker if it got me laid." Kate divulged. But even she had to admit she feared breathing too hard in the black dress. "I'll try another."

Jake and Kate were starting to feel a bit more comfortable with her nakedness now as she peeled off the black dress, rifling through the bag in just her bra. Jake was enjoying the view of her round ass and her flame red hair, wild and frizzy made his blood boil.

"Let's try this one." Kate said as she pulled out a white one. Jake watched her get into it, wiggling around as it stretched in the places Kate had more curves than Jess. Once in it he had to admit she looked amazing in it. 

"It fits a lot better than the Black one." Jake said, he was having to rearrange himself subtly on the sofa.

"Clearly!" Kate said, suddenly shocked by her brashness as she looked down at her friend's husband's bulge.

Jake turned beet red and put his hands over his crotch. "Sorry it's just..."

"Please no need to explain!" Kate smiled. "It's the reaction I'm hoping for!" 

Jake's eyes widened.

"I mean from my date.... obviously..." Kate added quickly, though she wasn't hating the sight of that reaction right now.

"There is one thing though..." Jake said, smiling a little himself now.

"Go on..."

"Well even I know you can't wear a black bra with a white dress!"

Kate looked down and true enough the black bra was visible through the tight dress. "So what are you saying?" She asked, smiling.

"Well that, well, you need a white one?" Jake chickened out from what he wanted to say.

"I don't think I have a white one." Kate pouted, continuing her game.

I've already seen her pussy, Jake thought, seeing her breasts wouldn't be any worse surely? "Well, just take the black one off then."

Jess feigned shock at the suggestion. Pulling the straps of the white dress from her shoulders, she rolled the top down over the swell of her breasts. She turned to the side, teasing Jake, as she popped her bra off, covering her nipples with her arm. Then rolled the dress back up before turning to face her friend's husband.

"Better?"

Jake's mouth went dry. He managed a nod before croaking, "Much." As his eyes were glued to the large breasts of his wife's friend. Her nipples were perfectly proportioned and were sticking out a little, perfect for sucking... Jake shook his head. He needed relief and fast! "I should probably get going."

Jess actually felt sad at the thought of Jake leaving, why? She was getting ready for a date! "Just one more dress? Please?" she pleaded before she knew what she was doing.

Jake couldn't deny he was interested in seeing Kate change again, but he shouldn't be. Should he? If it was just looking, he could sort himself out later. That wouldn't be cheating would it? "One more." He smiled.

Kate smiled back and pulled out a green one. She turned to have her back to Jake, much to his disappointment, and wriggled out of the white one. Fully nude now, Kate unzipped the front zip and put the green on. When she turned around Jake almost blew his load right there!

Her breasts were threatening to tear the zipper in two as it went all the way up, and the dress rucked up a bit over her fuller hips. Kate saw the bulge in Jake's trousers literally throbbing.

"I think this is the one then!" she said, clearly staring at her friend's husband's cock. Jake nodded.

"Glad I could be of help." Jake stood, readying himself to leave, not even bothering to hide the massive tent in his trousers. Kate's eyebrows rose when she saw his brashness. "Well, you're still seeing less of me than I have of you!" Jake grinned.

"True." Kate replied, urging her eyes to move from his crotch. She went to undo the dress and let out a little yelp.

"What's up?" Jake said, stopping in his tracks.

"I promise, this isn't some sort of trap..." Kate said.

Jake looked confused.

"I can't undo the zipper. Can you help me?"

The expression of helplessness was enough to make Jake laugh. "I'm glad you think this is funny!" Kate put her hands on her hips.

"C'mon, Kate. Considering what I've just seen you think that you asking me to undo your dress is what I would consider a trap? Bit late for that isn't it?"

Kate let out a small laugh, "I guess you're right. I am really stuck though."

Jake stepped forward and gripped the zipper. He gave it a tug. Nothing. "Doesn't bode well for your date does it?" He grinned as he tried again. Kate put her hands on Jake's shoulders for support as he gave it one final pull.

The zipper gave in and whipped down causing both Kate and Jake to fall into each other, Kates exposed breasts pressing between them. They stood there, in full body contact, Kate feeling Jake's warm breath on her neck, Jake savouring the sensation of Kate's firm breasts against him.

It seemed an eternity before they both separated, the green dress barely hanging off Kate's hips. She did nothing to hide her nudity, not now, especially after feeling what was in Jake's trousers pressing against her.

"I should finish getting ready." Kate said, "I don't want to be late for my date."

"Very true!" Jake smiled weakly. 

The drive home was a bit of a blur for Jake. Jess was still not home when he got in so he decided to have a quick shower and sort himself out. It did not take long at all, stroking his thick shaft to mental images of Kate falling out of his wife's dresses he was plastering the shower wall with ropes of hot cum.

He went to bed still horny.