 Chapter 1: Morning Sex

I woke up to find you looking at me with beautiful half-closed green eyes, your thick black lashes contrasting with your toasted ivory skin. Like in so many occasions, I couldn't help marvel at your masculine beauty. You are indeed a very beautiful, sexy man.

Then you began to kiss me, opening my mouth to yours and giving me a sensual, passionate kiss that took my breath away. As we kissed, you lowered the duvet and showed me your delectable surprise. You were hard and ready for me. I licked my lips at the sight of your enormous, engorged cock. You really do have a beautiful cock, lover.

I leaned over and kissed your chest. Your skin smelled of cinnamon and vanilla mixed with a masculine musk that drove me crazy. I sucked and bit on your nipples because I know you love that. Your gasp and moan made me smile. Then I kissed you all the way down to your enormous appendage, letting my breasts drape around your lengthened cock. You let out a frustrated groan and lifted yourself lightly, pressing yourself against the hollow valley between my breasts, inviting them to close around your hard-on. You began to beg me to do something, anything, to relieve you from your present agony.

I slid my breasts gently upward on your long cock, then back down. I made slow, caressing movements, making you feel the hard points of my nipples grazing the skin to either side of your shaft, the deep crevice where your erection was buried. You began to move upward in a faster motion, fucking my breasts—and I loved the way the velvety feel over the hardness of your cock felt against my chest. You let out a surprised yelp when you felt my tongue flick over the head of your cock. Some precum slid out of the tiny passage. Our eyes met when I licked away the fluid gathered at the tip. You watched me lick at the small opening. You threw your head back and moaned. Then you let out a surprised "Fuck!" when my tongue made a circle around the whole head.

I released your cock from my breasts and went on to suck you like there was no tomorrow. I worked my lips up and down, thrilled by your sounds of pleasure and the knowledge that you were watching me take all of you into my mouth. You've always said that you love looking into my eyes as I suck you off. I for one bask in the intimacy of such an act. I began to suck you deeper and harder until you yelled a strangled "Enough!" and yanked me off of you.

You'd lain me down on my back before I took the change in. Then you kissed me and nuzzled my neck before dropping to your knees in front of me, your mouth seeking out one hard nipple and tugging at it with your teeth. You knew how much I loved that, and I thrashed about because it felt so incredibly good. My nipples are always very sensitive. I could come by just having them sucked on or flicked on. And you know that rather well, don't you, lover?

You slid your other hand into my wet, aching pussy and flicked at my clitoris with your thumb as you thrust two fingers inside me. I moved along with your fingers, opening my legs wider apart and grinding onto your fingers like a shameless wanton. I dug my nails into your fingers as you continued on with your ministrations. You sucked and bit one nipple at a time while continuing to finger-fuck me and rub on my pleasure bud. I came as soon as you curled your fingers inside me, hitting the perfect spot. 

I hadn't recuperated well when I felt the hot, silken stroke of your tongue inside of me as you laved at my clitoris during intervals, your fingers replacing your tongue while paying attention to my clit. You did this until I climaxed again, taking the air out of me. You kissed my clit and said my pussy was the most beautiful one you had ever seen. You do this every time you go down on me. And I love it when you do that, lover.

I'd barely had time to enjoy the afterglow when you turned me on my stomach and pulled me to the edge of the bed and toward you. You lowered my head and shoulders to the mattress so that my ass stuck out in the air. This was your favorite position, a very submissive position on my part. You rubbed the head of your cock up and down the cleft of my ass, awakening every nerve ending in that passage. I went crazy. Your cock felt so wonderful against my ass. For a second I thought you were going to fuck me in the ass, but then I felt you make your way inside my wet, slippery lower passage instead. 

You began to pump inside me, one hand gripping my hip and the other pushing my head back forcefully by my hair (you know how much I love that), arching my back and pushing my ass back to meet with your powerful thrusts. I felt you slide a couple of fingers inside me as you fucked me as hard and as fast as I willed you to. You lubricated your fingers with my pussy cream before pressing the pad of your thumb against my anus. I let out a startled gasp when you proceeded to finger my anus as you thrust into me with long, deep strokes this time. It felt so incredibly good that I closed over you, clenching my muscles tight against your cock. It drove you crazy and almost over the edge. 

You removed your thumb from inside my ass long enough to spank me hard on my buttocks, demanding me to stop what I was doing, for you didn't want to come yet. I love it when you get dominant on me. I love it when you spank me. 

I moaned like a cat in heat as I felt the flared head of your cock as it pulsed and twitched deep inside me, as you pushed down and shifted so that it was rubbing against that spot inside me with every stroke. I clenched down around it again and screamed in uncontrollable pleasure as the orgasm hit me in frantic waves. You spanked me several times because of that and then you withdrew your cock. 

I let out a disappointed groan when you did that. Even though I had come, I still wanted you inside me because I was over the edge and ready for a second orgasm. But then I felt the tip of your cock slide into my ass, thrusting the pulsing tip in and out the entrance of my anus, the nerve endings making things all the more exquisite. I came at once, and the orgasm intensified when you entered my pussy again. Your own breath left your body in ragged pants as you came with a loud, animalistic yelp just as my own orgasm had subsided.

We held each other tight and kissed and kissed and kissed and told each other how incredible this morning session had been as our breath went back to normal and we settled back under the duvet. Then you fell asleep and I watched as you slept with a smiling, happy look on your face. You really are a sexy man, you know that? 

This was the third of what I hoped would be many erotic sessions together, I whispered in your ear as you continue to sleep. I shall keep a diary of them, if you don't mind. Fucking you is so fucking fantastic that I can't help sharing our experiences with others.

As to the rest of you, this is the first of what I hope will be a long stream of sexual encounters in what I'd like to call The Sex Diaries.

I hope you guys will enjoy reading them as much as I enjoy fucking my lover.