 So Saturday night we flew to Atlanta and arrived at the hotel late around midnight. We had played with each other all the way there, in airport, on the plane, the cab to the hotel, and as the elevator door opened on our floor, we almost ran to the rooms. 

We had asked for and gotten rooms adjoining. We never closed the door that divided the rooms. Never! We dropped luggage just inside the room and she immediately melted in my arms. I picked her small beautiful body up and carried her to the bed in my room. She kicked off her shoes and I did the same.

Over the course of the week we would fuck on the bed, fucked on the table next to the phone, fuck on the floor, in front of the big window, and we sucked each other as we took turns sitting in the big chair in the room. Finally every night we would finished each other off in the shower or the tub. Seven wonderful days with each other alone was going to kill us both. It was like a dream.

We were finally alone with no one to bug us and no fear of being caught by anyone as we made love. I took my time and slowly undressed D. D lay on the bed as I unbuttoned her blouse slowly smiling up at me as her bra came in view. I began to kiss my way down her neck. As the blouse was now completely undone I started kissing her shoulders and down in her cleavage as I pulled her blouse out of her skirt.

She lay there as I sat next to on the bed and cupped her bra feeling her breasts. Then I unsnapped her front clasp and slowly opened her bra. Her breasts fell free and I cupped very nice full breast with my hands. She heard me moan with desire. 

I bent down and as I held her breasts, I kissed and licked each one as she held my head. I spent a bit of time just enjoying her 33C breasts with her small hard red nipples. Kissing, biting, licking and holding them in my hands I heard her moan now. She let me enjoy her body completely and never rushed me. But I knew she was in heat. She wanted to fuck me as bad or more than I wanted to fuck her. 

As I sat up I smiled down at her. Then I moved my hands to her short skirt. We both smiled as we heard the zipper on the side slid down. She smiled at me as she lifted her hips and ass up off the bed and I pulled the skirt off of her. As I lifted each of her smooth soft legs, I licked my lips from the site of her beautiful lower body! She had trimmed her pussy very close and I could see all of her slit as her pussy was shinning up at me. She was very wet from all the foreplay we had given each other all day. I could see her full swollen pussy lips already open some for me and I used my hands to rub her lower stomach just about her pussy hair and her thighs. I lifted her right leg up to and over my shoulder and then kissed the inside of her very soft inner thigh. Looking down I could see her pussy opening more and waiting for me. 

I wasn't going to disappoint her. I quickly stood up and pulled my shirt off over my head in one swift motion not even unbuttoning it. She sat up resting on her elbow and undid my slack with one hand. I helped with the zipper and stepped out of them. They hit the floor and I pulled my boxers down letting my very hard cock spring out over the waistband. She took it in her hand and licked the head. But I gently push her back on the bed. I wanted her pussy now. During the 2 months we have been together, I have always been rushed in eating her. Now I was going to enjoy her and knew she was going to enjoy being eaten. I went directly to he legs. As my knee pushed between her knees she opened her legs wider for me. I move shifted between them and bent down so I could make love to her pussy.

Very slowly now, I licked up and down her inner thighs then to her slit. My mouth covered it. D's pussy was small. Her entire slit was maybe 4 inches long and her little pussy hole was the size of maybe a quarter after I had fucked her. So it was almost closed util my tongue touched it. I slide my finger into her hole and she moaned and lifted her hips up. My other hand help to hold her up as my mouth made love to her pussy. Each time my tongue licked up her slit she moaned and when it touched her clit sticking out already, she cried and began humping on my face. She loved to have her pussy eaten and I was going to eat it until she screamed with the need for me to fuck her. I inhaled her mush, which floated over both of us. My finger was pumping away inside her and she had covered it with her wetness. I sucked her tender clit into my mouth and she grabbed my head and began fucking my face. Very low, almost in a whisper she said, "Oh Bud! Oh yes baby! That feels so good. Lick me! Oh God You're licking my clit! Oh GOD YES! You are driving me wild baby!"

I made love to her pussy for over an hour with my fingers, mouth and tongue. The number of times D climaxed was un-fucking-believable! I have never met a woman who had so many orgasms. Finally I moved my cum covered face off her pussy and licked up her body wiping my face on her stomach and breasts as I went. 

When I got to her face she grabbed me and kissed me so hard she mad my lip bleed. She bit me and her nails dug into my back as I put my extremely hard cock between the lips of her pussy. With one long shove I slammed all of my 7 inches into her. She immediately lifted her ass and grinned her hip up against me. I was like a mad dog in heat and she was my bitch. God it so hot so sexy and so good! Again and again I slammed into her fucking her like I was insane. I was insane with lust, with need like I have never known before.

We fucked each other's bodies letting the passion build and build. It was unbelievable. She moaned: "Hurry! Hurry Bud! Fuck me faster make me cum again! Oh fuck hurry! Hurry please! Fuck me!!! Fuck me baby! I want it so fucking bad! Oh god come on! FUCK ME!!!" 

She felt like she was on fire as the shaft of my cock slammed into the center of her pussy hole. As I felt the head moving in and out between those wet pussy lips I didn't worry about anything but fucking her and cumming. She cried out: "Oh yes!! Oh god yes!! FUCK ME BABY!!"

I moaned : OH god!! YES! This feels so fucking good!!"

I slammed and slammed into her giving her everything I had been saving and wanting to do for these many months we have been together. It was magic it was witchcraft it was holy it was heaven and it was evil all wrapped together. As D pumped her body hard into me as I rammed down into her cunt, she hissed out at me: "Oh yes! Fuck me Bud! Oh god yes! Fuck meeeee! I'm cumming! OH FUCK YES!! CUMMING! CUMMING!! CUMMING!!!!! CUMMINGGGGG!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! GOD!!!!!!!!! YES!!!!!!!!!"

She screamed: "Put it all the way in baby and hold it there!!"

I did. I had my cock all the way in her body and held it there as she went wild under me. She was fucking herself on my cock like nothing I could ever imagin. I was so fucking worked up, I was holding my cock deep inside her pussy and she was fucking her body like some animal against me. Finally I just couldn't hold back and longer. I began thrusting my hips into her hard and fast! I couldn't fuck her fast enough! Again and again our bodies slammed into each other as our fucking now turned into a plane diving to the ground out of control and crashing. It was so intense!! Wave after wave of passion hit me as we fucked harder and harder and harder. Our speed continued to get faster and faster as I both move closer and closer to orgasm! My nuts had been tight since we got in the plane and she started to play with my cock under the blanket and she had whispered to me: "I'm not wearing anything under my skirt, feel!" 

My fingers had been playing with her pussy for almost the entire trip and I wanted to cum so bad on the airplane I moaned almost all the way to Florida! Now my cock was screaming for relief! I wanted to cum so bad in this woman it hurt! As we fucked I got closer and closer! And then, she began to orgasm again! Her body took over and began to fuck away on my cock, which I pumping into her now as fast as I could go. She wrapped her legs around my back and pushed the heals of her feet down on my ass trying to push me deeper inside her. She humped up into me moaning out: "Fuck me Bud! Oh yes baby! Fuck me! OH GOD YES!!!" 

It was only seconds later before I began to cum. Load after load shot deep inside her wonderful wet warm and very tight pussy. We were both grunting and groaning now as we moved through our climax. It seemed to last much longer than usual. My cum was pumping into her and then began to run out her hole and splash all over our bodies. Finally, my back arched and I pushed every fucking millimeter of my cock as deep into her pussy as it could reach. Her back arched and her ass came up off the bed elevating both of us as she reached the peek of her orgasm too.

We hung there just trying to hold that feeling as long as we could hold it! I worked hard trying to shove my cock out her back and she pushed up into it trying to get it deeper into her cunt! As we hung there in the air, her phone rang and rang. But, we didn't move. The pure sexual pleasure was still holding our bodies together and stimulating us. It was like no other fuck I have ever had. It was that intense. Finally she lowered her body back on to the bed and moaned in my ear: "Oh Bud!! Oh god baby! That was so good! So fucking good! Mummm! So good." 

I moaned back telling her: "I know baby! I know! God I love making your body cum and loving you!" 

We held each other for a long time before her phone rang again. She rolled me over and hurried into her room. I could see the cum running down her leg. It was her husband on the phone. She talked to him for a while and then I came into her room and began to run my hand up the inside of her thigh. When I got to her pussy she grunted as I slide a finger into her hole. She pulled my hand away and put her hand over the phone saying: "Stop!! You're crazy!" 

I smiled and so did she. I continued to play with her body rubbing the cum from her cunt and my cock over her tits and stomach, while she talked to her husband. Finally in desperation, I held my cum covered cock right in front of her face and wiggled it at her mouth. When I put it on the mouthpiece of the phone, she slapped my hand and cock. Finally she said goodbye and hung up. We both laughed and wrestled on the bed until our passion took over again.

This time we fucked on top of her bed. At first we played with each other. I had turned my body around and was opposite hers. And we both stroked and rubbed and played with each other's sex organs. I was getting almost as hard as I could get now and the sight of her sweet cum filled pussy close to my face made me have to lick it again. I licked and opened it with my fingers exploring every part of this wonderful body in front of me. I had her lay on her stomach and gave her a rub down with my hands and tongue. I must have licked every inch of her body before we began to get really serious again!

Again and again our bodies met as we moved into different positions. With her pussy still full of my cum, fucking her was much easier this time. She was under me at first and then she rolled us over and sat up on to of me. I like this position the best because I see her beautiful face, breasts and I can watch her as she rode my cock up and down. And ride it she did! For over 25 minutes she pumped her pussy up and down on it. Since I had cum only a little while ago, I knew I would be able to go on and on now without shooting off again. 

I had a hand on each of her breasts rubbing and squeezing them as she bounced up and down on me. She smiled down at me as she shuddered and told me: Oh yes! "Cumming baby! I'm cumming again! Oh god Bud!! Y E S!! Oh it's SO GOOD!!" 

It had been a long time since I have had a woman who loved to fuck like she did. So I continued to pump my hips up into her moving my cock in and out of her pussy as she continued to cum and orgasm! Her head was tossed back and her mouth open as she moaned again and again as her body rode my cock. 

We made love to each for the rest of the night until we fell asleep in each other's arms. In the morning we both realized how much both of us had cum that night. My bed and our bodies were covered with it. She hopped into the shower first and I called room service. She was warped in a towel when the guy came with the food. With only a pair of jean shorts on I took the food tipped the guy and sat the food on the table in her bedroom. She sat at the same table brushing her dark brown hair. I came around and kissed and bit her neck. My hands drifted down to her towel and I undid it at the top. The towel fell away exposing those lovely white mound of tits with those red nipples. As I kissed and bit and licked her neck and shoulders my hands came around and cupped them. She lifted her head and arms up holding my head and kissing me as I squeezed and played with those very nice young breasts. She moaned as her nipples were getting harder and harder. I could smell her body power and it was nice. She always smelled nice. Not over powering or heavy just a nice clean fresh sent. Finally her tongue slid in my mouth and I sucked it as my hands were loving her tits. My cock was rising hard and as I sucked on her tongue she moaned softly. When I ran both hands down the front of her body she stopped and told me: "Let eat first! I'm so dam hungry! You really know how to work a girl's appetite up!"

We smiled and I stopped her from putting on the towel again. We took the breakfast out on the balcony and sat the nude looking at each other and feel one another. Our room faced the pool and while we were up high, we both saw the hot tube. She said: "Let change into bathing suits and sit in the hot tub for a little while."

I had to shower I smelled. So while I showered she hung up our clothes which were still in the suitcases from last night where we had dropped them. As I came out of the shower she was standing there in her bathing suit. It was a conservative 2 piece. I smiled and said: "I bet your husband picked that one out for your trip!"

She said: "Yes! How do you know that?" 

I said: "Because it doesn't do that body justice. We're going to buy you a new one that does. Like a thong!"

She said: " I wouldn't be able to take it home or explain the tan lines."

I said: "What makes you think you're going to have tan lines?"

D just laughed and handed me my trucks. We caught the elevator and headed to the pool area. We stayed there until we both knew we have to go back to the room. We wondered what the maid saw thinking when she made the bed, with all our cum on the spread? We would have to pull the covers down before we made love again. When we got to the room the beds were made and turned down for us already. We both laughed out loud. I took D into my arms and felt her body squeeze against me. I undid her top and she move so I could let it drop over her arms and fall between us. Again I carried her to the bed.