 Introduction

While I try to make the sex as steamy as possible, I don't write stories that just throw to people in bed by the second page. And no, I'm not criticizing those who do. Hell, I read them once in a while myself.

Except for my earlier stories, most of my work has a plot to sex ratio of somewhere between 75/25 and 85/15. So, unless you like your adult stories with a lot of much plot, you probably won't consider them 'jerk' stories (unless you just skip to the juicy parts that is). 

It is very important you understand that I am not, nor do I claim to be, a professional writer. I make mistakes and, despite my best effort to ensure otherwise, you will probably find some in every story I have written. I just seem to have bad luck keeping an editor. Good ones are too busy and bad ones just want to read something before everyone else does.

I encourage you to please take the time to leave some form of feedback, if for no other reason than to point out the errors you find.

Lastly, try to remember that this is a free site and the works here are, for the most part, done by amateur authors of various skill levels and experience. 

If you find a flaw, please try to politely bring it to their attention via email, if possible, rather than flaming them publicly and, if you just plain don't like a story, consider simply not reading the author's work again.

Thanks in advance for taking the time to read this story. Hope to hear from you soon.

Chapter One – "The Invitation"

My name is Celeste Johnson and I guess you could say my story beings in the present but actually, it really doesn't. If that's confusing, then I'm not surprised because it probably is. I'll try to clear that up later but for now, I'll start the most recent events.

First, let me tell you what I look like. I'm 5'10" tall and weigh about 165 pounds. I have short, curly auburn hair and brown eyes. My figure is 38-26-36 and my body is covered, except where I have bikini lines, with a deep rich tan. A friend of mine once said I looked very much like the famous actress Lucy Lawless; but, in her words, "With better tits!" Personally, I'm not so sure about that.

Anyway, I had been flirting with Jeremy Bennett for months trying to get him to respond, but he just never did. Probably because at the time he was just too scared to. It took me a while before I figured out that besides just a plain lack of confidence, he was simply too inexperienced with women to take the bait. But, I always liked a challenge and I'm not one to give up. I was driving us both back to work after lunch when I hit him with it.

"Come on Jeremy, it'll be fun!" I told him. 

"You've been saying for months how you wished you had a few friends. Well, now's your chance! Go with me to the party." I added, batting my eyelashes as I did.

He fidgeted and said uncomfortably, "But I won't know anybody there."

"That's the whole point. Now's your chance to meet some new people. And as far as not knowing anyone there goes, I'll be there. Who knows? You might even meet the girl of your dreams there." I told him.

I could see the pained look of hesitation on his face and could tell he was struggling with it, "I don't know Celeste, I don't do well around other people."

I found out later that I was right too! The idea of having to 'pretend' to be the boyfriend of the one woman in his life he had ever met that was the very embodiment of the girl of his dreams seemed like cruel torture to him. 

My woman's intuition told me that he would do it anyway.

"If you won't do it for yourself, then do it for me." I pleaded. "One of the girls I used to go to high school with will be there. She was so mean to me back then. If I showed up without a date she'd never let me live it down and it would be like high school all over again. I'm really stuck; I can't back out now. You'd be doing me a really big favor. You're the only male friend I have that I can trust enough to play along with me on this. All you have to do is pretend to be my date for the night. You can do that can't you?" I said reassuringly.

I new he would enjoy hearing me tell him that he was my friend and I could tell from the look on his face that it must have warmed his heart to hear it. Even so, I think at the time Jeremy was trying not to allow himself to get his hopes up. I suspect that he thought that a beautiful woman like me would never want anything to do with a man like him… a NERD, FREAK, GEEK! 

He didn't disappoint me, "Okay. What time do you want me to pick you up?"

"No, you're doing me a favor; the least I could do is drive. I'll play chauffeur tonight. You tell me where you live and I'll be there at 7:00 P.M." I insisted, smiling.

Even though the party didn't start until 8:00, something told me that I might need to arrive early incase I had to give him some last minute wardrobe advice. But there was another reason I wanted to be early. 

Despite the fact that he talked to me more than anyone else, Jeremy didn't talk about much and he almost never started a conversation himself. So you can imagine my surprise when he started talking to me about how things were going with his house. Apparently, he was almost finished whatever it was he had been working on and the closer he got to completing, the more excited he became.

Seeing him animated so was quite a new, and to tell you the truth, enjoyable experience for me. So naturally, this provided me with the perfect opportunity to see what was so special about that house of his. It would also give me a chance to see how the man I had lunch with every day but knew very little about really lived!

Chapter Two – "Pocket Protectors"

Remember my saying that part of my story began in the present but actually it did not. Well, some of it that did not began about one year earlier. And it goes something like this…

"Mind if I sit here Jeremy?" I asked, pretty sure he wouldn't object, especially because at the time, all eyes in the break room were upon me. It wasn't because I was the most beautiful woman employed at Massive Mortgage, though I was! No, the reason everyone present in the room was looking at me was because I was about to sit at the one table in the break room considered by all to be no man's land; and for that matter also no woman's land. Now you might be wandering to yourself 'What could possibly have earned this space such a dubious distinction?' Well, I'll tell you… 

Jeremy is considered to be by all, beyond a doubt, the strangest, almost unsociable, albeit most intelligent, person anyone they had ever met.

He was the quiet, non-aggressive, unassuming type who, by his own accounts, was a loner. If there were a stereotypical nerd, Jeremy would probably have to be its poster boy. He was shy, stuttered a lot, and a terribly bad dresser. He even wore a pocket protector! In this day and age none the less!

Back to my story though.

Surprised, he looked up from the book he was reading and replied, "No."

"No I can't sit here or no you don't mind?" I decided to play dumb. 'Maybe it will get him talking.' I thought to myself.

Embarrassed, he said, "Sorry, of course you can sit there." 

"Jeremy, do you mind if I ask you a question?" I said nervously, not quite sure how he would respond. I was looking around the room to see if everyone was still watching us. They were.

He looked quickly back down at the table suddenly and replied, "Sure Celeste, what is it? Are you having trouble with your computer again?"

There was an almost hopeful tone in his voice.

"No. Nothing like that. I was just wondering; where do you get your pocket protectors?" Okay, silly as it sounds, try as I may, at the time, I couldn't come up with any other excuse to start up a conversation with him that day. I was going to ask him what he was eating, but he had already finished his lunch and I guess he must have disposed whatever containers it had come in before I arrived. Of course, on any other day, Jeremy would have had his nose buried in a book or magazine after he finished his lunch. But, for some strange reason, that day, he did not. So, the best I could come up with was pocket protectors!

And, to tell you the truth, it had been driving me crazy anyway. Where the hell had he found one anyway? Nobody makes pocket protectors anymore! Nobody! As I said it, it occurred to me that he didn't have just one; he had several, all different! 

He looked up at me and for a second, I could swear he was studying me. I think he was trying to figure out if I was serious or being funny. Then he said to me, "The Internet."

"Oh! I never thought of that. Makes sense." I said. Why hadn't I thought of that? Then I said to him very seriously, "Aren't they a bit dated?" I hoped he wouldn't be offended by my candor.

He was still looking at me; studying me. "Best I could come up with."

"Excuse me?" I asked. I had no idea what he was talking about.

Jeremy spent the next twenty minutes telling me how he hated pencils and loved pens, especially those pens with the rolling balls in the tips. His hearing was very sensitive and he said the sound of a pencil was to him just like someone grinding chalk on a blackboard but that pens didn't bother him.

The problem was, he had a bad habit of putting his pens in his front pocket without capping them first. The ink would bleed right into the pocket and the stain would never come out. It had cost him several hundred dollars in shirts before he finally found a place on the Internet that sold pocket protectors. And they weren't cheap either! Those little pieces of plastic they used to give away he was paying $3.95 each for. Social stigma or not, it made sense. It was cheaper than buying new shirts.

It was kind of funny now; that I think about it. No, not what Jeremy had said about the pocket protectors, though I have to admit that was too. Actually, what I found humorous at the time was the way that everyone in the room was listening to every word he said. I can't say I blamed them though. After all, it was the first time anyone at work had heard him say more than two words in a row that was not computer related.

Well, to make a long story short. Once the ice had been broken, it wasn't long before we were sitting at the table every day, to the astonishment of all, together eating lunch and talking occasionally about this thing or that thing. Mostly I did the talking while Jeremy just sat there and listened.

It took almost an entire year before I felt confident enough to bring up the subject of women with him. I guess he must have been comfortable with me, because that's when, in a low whisper, he finally told me what had happened.

It seems that Jeremy had lost his virginity to some cheerleader back in high school on the first date. 

When he tried to talk to her the next day in the hall at school, she laughed at him; called him freak and pretended that nothing had ever happened between them. Jeremy later found out that the only reason the girl had dated him was so that she could take his virginity. Once she had what she wanted, the teen aged vixen wanted nothing to do with him. Jeremy was devastated when he found out that to her he was just a trophy fuck. 

It had been their only date, and more importantly, the only date he had ever had… ever! He never dated again. 

I asked him why? 

Jeremy told me that his father died when he was twelve and he was too embarrassed to talk with his mother about such a private matter. It was all made worse by the fact that Jeremy, being an only child, had no siblings to talk about it. 

I realized then that's why he had crawled into a protective shell and, except for work, lived almost reclusive life. 

Chapter Three – "The Dream House"

That brings us back to present day.

I fed in the address Jeremy had given me into my GPS and began following its instructions to his house. When I got there, I had to drive around the block to see if I had made a mistake; I couldn't believe my eyes I was that surprised! It was absolutely beautiful. 

Since he had no kids, ex-wives or girlfriends to tie up his financial resources Jeremy invested all his time and money in his house and, from the way he described it, he must have put every spare dollar he had into the place. After twenty years and uncounted thousands of dollars, it was finally finished. 

I had heard so much about it the past couple of weeks that it got my curiosity going so when I had any chance to come by and see it, I took it.

I parked in the driveway directly in front of the two-car garage and got out of my car. When I got to the door, I rang the doorbell and almost instantly Jeremy opened the door to greet me.

"Wow; that was quick! Are you psychic or what?" I said surprised.

He laughed, "No; not psychic. The motion sensor over the garage lets me know when someone pulls up."

He stood there for several seconds as if he didn't know what to do next.

"Well, aren't you going to offer me in? We still got a few minutes before we have to be there." I asked. After seeing the outside of his house, I was just dying to see what it looked like inside.

A look of embarrassment suddenly came on his face, "Sorry, I'm not used to having visitors. Would you like to come in? I don't have much to drink but I can offer you some orange juice."

"Sure." I really wasn't thirsty; but hey, it gave me a needed excuse to see the rest of the house.

Then, with a sparkle in his eyes, Jeremy asked, "Hey, you want me to give me you the fifty-cent tour of the place? I just finished it and you'd be the first to see it."

The entire house was powered by solar panels on the roof. The electrical system was backed up by not one but two generators. On the inside, the whole place was decorated in an ultra-modern style. It seemed to be almost totally automated and just about everything was voice activated could be turned on my motion sensor. 

Ten minutes later, we were just about through with the tour. 

"We've got time, maybe while you can show me your wardrobe." I said after glancing at my watch.

Astonished, Jeremy looked at me and asked, "Why? Is there something wrong with what I have on?"

"Well, to tell you the truth, it's fine if you were going to work. But this is a social occasion. You might want to change into something a bit more casual." I told him candidly.

He got a strange look on his face that I couldn't quite make out.

"God Jeremy! I didn't offend you did I? I never intended to hurt your feelings." I said apologetically.

Red-faced now, Jeremy lowered his head and confessed, "Oh no. I appreciate the candor. It's just that I don't get out very often."

"Want some help picking something more suitable out to wear?" I offered.

I swear I do believe I saw a twinkle in his eyes when he asked, "Would you please?"

There really wasn't a lot to work with. From the looks of it, most of his clothing budget went into work clothes and most of those were plain white short-sleeve shirts. I was just about to give up when Jeremy starting digging though his closet for something. He emerged holding a bag containing five shirts along with an equal number of pairs of slacks. 

He handed the bag to me and said, "Will they do?"

I looked at them.

"They're perfect Jeremy, why didn't put these on in the first place?" I inquired curiously.

He stuttered, "I…I had completely forgotten I bought them until you arrived. I never had a use for them until now."

"Here, try these." I said and handed him a pair of white slacks and nice looking purple shirt. "I'll step out in the hallway. If it's okay with you, I'll leave the door cracked and spend the time while your dressing telling me what you intend to do with this beautify house you built?"

As I stood waiting on the other side of the door, Jeremy told me how he hoped one day to share his dream house with a woman some day. Unusually frank, he even told me he hoped to find one who could appreciate him for who he was inside and not the nerd he looked like on the outside.

I asked him how he expected to find her if he never went out anywhere to which he responded, "Find her? Oh no. She'll find me. All I have to do is wait. Fate will bring us together."

"But don't you get lonely waiting for her? What if she's waiting for you to come to her?" I asked.

There was a long silence, then he said softly, "I never thought of that. What if you're right? What if I missed my chance?"

There was concern in his voice.

"It was just a thought. Still it's probably a good idea for you to go to the party anyway. It'll do you good to be around other people for a while."

He opened the door to the bedroom and emerged. The new clothes were a big improvement. 

"That's much better! You look very nice… just how they expect my boyfriend to look. Now hurry up, it's time we get on the road." He smiled and actually blushed.

As we pulled out of his driveway, I was quite pleased with myself. It had all gone perfectly according to plan and I knew then that he suspected nothing. I was pretty sure that he had no idea at all what lay ahead waiting for him later that night.

Chapter Four – "The Party"

We walked up the pathway to the front door. A few seconds after ringing the doorbell the door opened and we were greeted by our hostess, 'Barbie'. No, I'm not kidding; Barbie is really her name. Apparently, her mother had a 'thing' for Barbie dolls that she never grew out of. So, when she turned up pregnant with twins, Barbie's mother decided it would be really cool to name the girl 'Barbie'. Want to guess what Barbie's brother is named? If you guessed 'Ken' move to the front of the line and collect your prize.

Unfortunately, the name is where any similarity to the plastic Barbie doll ends. Our Barbie is neither tall nor shapely; she's about 5'4" tall and skinny but not anorexic. However, she does have a beautiful Hellenistic face and the most charming personality I have ever met. 

Barbie was wearing a pink and white polka-dot bikini with matching pink high heals which must have taken Jeremy by surprise for his jaw immediately dropped open.

She smiled, gave me a big hug and said, "Hi Celeste, glad you could make it. And who is this handsome man you have with you?

"This is my boyfriend Jeremy. I thought it was about time everyone met him." I said to her. 

Barbie let go of me, turned to Jeremy who was standing there in shock and wrapped her arms around him. Then, preceded to hug him tightly as she said, "Welcome to our little group Jeremy. 

He just stood there speechless for several seconds before saying, "Thanks."

She let go of him, took him by the right hand and let Jeremy inside with me trailing not far behind. Once we were inside she said to him, "You're just in time, Jeremy; the party's just getting started. Before I forget, you're going to need a suit, what size are you?"

"Suit?" He replied with obvious confusion.

Barbie replied, "A swimsuit honey, what size are you?"

"I, I don't know. I've never needed one before." He stuttered.

Grinning, Barbie asked enthusiastically, "Why Jeremy, you sly dog you. Are you a nudist?"

"No. I just never had a need for a swimsuit before." He answered. 

I later found out that the reason Jeremy had never needed a swimsuit before was because he hadn't been swimming since he was a boy. Kind of funny when you think about the fact that he had a really nice pool laying in his back yard, isn't it?

Barbie looked puzzled for a second, then said, "Well, no matter. I'm sure we can find one that will fit you. Celeste, you know where to change. Go ahead while I get Jeremy settled; then we'll meet you poolside.

I went to the pool house to change while Barbie led Jeremy off to find suit to wear. When I got there, I reached into my purse, removed the bathing suit I had brought with me from the plastic bag I had packed it into. 
