 My name is Lois and I am 22 years old and just graduated college. For the summer, I decided to get a job until my post graduate studies started in the fall. I went on the internet and found that the Johnson Research Foundation was hiring people to take surveys in my area so I went there and filled out an application and was hired.

On my first day, they gave me my I.D. and gave me my first assignment.

They told me that my survey was to find out about people's sexual fantasies. I almost fell off my chair but they told me it wouldn't be that bad.

They gave me a clip board, the questionnaire, a mini recorder and a couple of pens.

I looked at the questionnaire and it was pretty simple really. They asked basically for five things:

. Gender
. Age
. Ethnicity
. Fantasy
. Fulfillment

I agreed to do the survey and out I went. My first day out in the field I wore a short skirt and a white blouse with my I.D. tag around my neck.

The first few people I asked just ignored me. A few others did give me responses which I jotted down on the form.

Most of the people responding were women and, to my surprise, their answers were that they fulfilled their fantasy of threesomes with two men.

The men that did answer said that watching their wives or girl friends being fucked by another guy was a fantasy that was fulfilled.

By late afternoon, I had about 25 people who responded to my survey which I thought was pretty good.

Just as I was ready to call it a day, I asked a couple if they would answer my questions. The woman said she would and when I got down to the fantasy and fullfillment part the woman said she would answer that but it would take too long and said she would tell me at their place which was a block away. They invited me to join them at their place and answer over coffee.

I decided to go with them since they looked like a well to do couple.

Once at their place, the woman made coffee and we sat down to go over her answers.

She told me that her name was Diane and her husband's name was Mike. They were both in their forties.

When I asked about their fantasy she told me, "Lois, we have a daughter who just turned 18 and from the day she was born, our fantasy was that she would be an open minded woman when it came to her enjoying her sexuality."

I asked her what she meant and then her husband answered, "Lois, my wife and I, besides being nudists and raising our daughter in that manner, we also belong to a group that promotes a healthy sexual activity between parents and their offspring as soon as they are of legal age. It has always been our fantasy that our daughter would accept that."

I looked at them and said, "So, what you are saying is that you have always wanted to have sex with your daughter once she was legal."

Diane responded with a firm "yes."

I then asked them if their fantasy has been fullfilled and they both answered "yes."

I thanked them for their responses and told them I had to go. Diane asked if I would like to learn more about them and their group.

I don't know why, but I told them I would. As I said that, I could feel a tingling in my pussy and a wetness between my legs.

Diane looked at me and asked if it would be ok if they got naked while we chatted. I told them I didn't mind.

They excused themselves and in a short time they both came out nude. My eyes opened wide when I saw them. Diane looked terrific, standing about 5'7", firm breasts, smooth shaven and she let her hair hang down to below her neck.

Her husband stood at least 5'10", was smooth shaven and had a nice sized cock, with a cock ring around his cock and balls.

I must have turned a little red as Mike asked if I was ok. I told him I was fine. I also told them that they both looked terrific.

As we sat, Diane told me all about their group and what they do. I asked if the group allows singles in or just couples. Diane said that the group only lets couples in but if a couple wants to sponsor a person, they would take their request and decide to allow the person in or not.

Mike asked me if I was interested. I told him I wasn't sure. I asked them what went on when the group got together.

Diane said, "Lois, you are 22 and seem to be aware of your sexuality. You seem comfortable with us right now. Well, when the group is together, we get naked and enjoy ourselves in whatever sexual activity we choose. Would that be something that interests you?"

I looked at them and said, "I am old enough to know what I enjoy sexually. To be honest, I have been fucked by a few men and have enjoyed women as well. If I must be honest, I do enjoy all aspects of sex."

Mike looked at Diane then said to me, "Lois, that is very good. You seem to know what you like. Are you interested in being sponsored?"

I don't know why, but I said, "I am very interested but only if you guys were with me if I am accepted."

Diane said, "Lois, would you like to join me and Mike now to see if we are all compatible?"

I told her I would like that. Diane and her husband got up and I could see his cock twitching as it got hard. They led me to their bedroom and told me I could undress in their master bathroom. I nodded a yes and went into the bathroom and undressed.

When I came out, they were both standing next to the bed, Mike's cock fully erect. As I stood there, Diane said, "Lois, you are beautiful. Your tits and nipples are exquisite and your smooth pussy is magnificent. Come, join us now."

As I got to them, they were both feeling me up. They took their turns kissing me and sucking on my nipples. I was in heaven.

We finally got on the bed with me between them. Their hands were all over me. I felt fingers near my pussy not knowing who they belonged to. I just spread my legs for them. I was sucking Diane's nipples as I felt another finger playing with my asshole. I pushed my ass back letting them I wanted more.

Suddenly, I felt a finger slide into my asshole and another finger into my wet pussy. They were both fingering me. 

I heard Diane tell her husband to fuck me. I got on my back, spread my legs wide and guided his cock to my slit. In a second, he had his cock deep into my cunt. He wasted no time and started pounding me as soon as he was fully seated in me.

As he fucked me, Diane was kissing me. I told them I was going to cum. Mike fucked me faster and Diane had her tongue deep into my mouth as her hands squeezed my tits.

Mike yelled out that he was cumming as did I. Then I felt his hot cum shooting into my cunt and I exploded in orgasms. My body shook for an eternity before I was able to relax.

When Mike took out his limp cock, his cum oozed out and Diane was quick to lap up all his cum and even slid her tongue in my cunt to lick whatever cum she could get.

We all rested for awhile when Diane said, "Lois, you were incredible. Please tell us you want us to sponsor you in our club."

I looked at her and, with a smile said, "If this is what I can expect, I would love for you to sponsor me."

We all smiled and Diane asked if I would like to stay the night. I told her I would. I then asked her to tell me more about the group.

She smiled and said she would but only after she had her way with me. I smiled and said to her, "Well, the quicker I satisfy you, the quicker you will tell me."

I looked at Mike whose cock was again hard as he said, "I think I will watch you two, then fuck you both at the same time. Lois, you are going to be a great addition to our group."