 Did you ever have a friend who had a wife or girlfriend who you worked with? Well here's a story that covered a period of about a year that I call "The sexist woman I ever met". 

I worked with a guy who was a good friend. He had a sister that just got married and began to work in the same office as I did. The six of us would go out together on the weekends about 3 or 4 times a month, my friend and his wife, me and my wife and this lady and her husband. 

We all lived fairly close to each other and during the gas problem years ago when there were long lines to get fuel, and for pure economy (we were both very under paid), we decided to ride together along with one other guy from work. I would drive one week and she the other than the third person the following week. We met at the third person's house when he drove since he lived closer to the city. When I drove I would pick her up and when she drove she would pick me up, then we would pick the third person up and drive to work. 

I never felt that D (I call her that to protect the individuals in this true story) was a real sexy lady. At lease she never showed off or dressed sexy. In face she looked about average with her very conservative clothing and hairstyle. She wore very little makeup and no perfume. We would ride together pick up the other guy and drive to work talking about most anything and everything. Things that were in the news or in our lives stuff like that. Once we dropped off the third person at his house, we had a 20-minute drive and we talked more.

Many times, I would kid her about her very hard restricted catholic up bring and her "Victorian ways" that she was trained in ever since she was a small child. I even laughed about her and her husband having sex. Missionary style only and only in the dark only once a week on Saturday night, maybe. I bet her that's all she ever did. She would tell me I was wrong and blush as we kidded. I would also say: "But! You have to watch the quiet ones they are killers in the dark!" We would both laugh!

Then one day after dropping off the other guy, I was teasing her about her Victorian ways again, when she surprised me and took hold of my hand. She told me I wouldn't believe how much sex she and her husband have in any given week. She began to spill her guts to me. She told me he was the first guy to have her, and that she was a virgin when they got married. But, it didn't happen until the day after the day they got married. He got drunk the day of their wedding and couldn't do it when they got to the hotel. In fact he fell asleep!! He had passed out while she changed into her new white baby doll out fit she had purchased especially for that night! She told me she was really pissed since she had waited all her life to get screwed. She really wanted to know how it would be, how it would feel, and to have a real orgasm from lovemaking rather than masturbating. She told me she had jerked him off and he had rubbed her pussy on the outside of her shorts or slacks until she climaxed. But they had never gone any further for the 3 years they dated. 

As she talked, she was still hold my hand and looking me directly in the eye as we chatted. She told me she always wants it now, but her husband only did it 3 or 4 times a week with her taking the aggressive role. I actually began to get hard thinking about a woman who wanted no needed, sex as much as any guy I knew did and she had to almost beg her husband to fuck her! 

To my surprise, I started to spill my guts to her. I told her I am that way too! I had to beg for it once or twice a week at the most, and then only if I was the aggressor with my wife. As I talked she rubbed my hand and looked down seeing my bulge rising in my slacks! She looked back up into my eyes and sighed deeply.

Then, she kissed my hand and with her tongue licked it! I was fucking shocked again! She told me she was not Victorian and she would prove it one day to me. She smiled as she began to drive again towards my house. I touched her face and hair and she held my hand to her face. She then moved it to her shoulder and then moved it across to her breast and she held it there as she sighed and turned to look at me again! When she didn't move my hand, I did and covered her breast completely as I cupped her breast gently. When I began to squeeze and rub it on the outside of her blouse, I felt her nipple began to grow under my palm and I heard her moan! She told me: "Oh don't start something we can't finish Bud. Oh that feels so nice! Your hand is so gently!" 

As we drove on, we got to the street before the one I lived on, and I asked her to turn down and stop. She did and I pulled her to me. She opened her mouth and took my tongue into her mouth and sucked hard it as she squeezed her body tightly to me. Her arms went around my neck and I could feel her breathing becoming louder and faster in my ear as we held each other. My hand kept moving around on her breast from one to the other then. I cupped both of them. I heard her moan for sure this time! And then she sighed loudly and said: "Oh yes! Oh yes! Squeeze them! Pull on my nipples. Oh yes, that's it!! Nice! Mummm!! I love that! Oh Bud! Mummmm!

God she was nice!!! Much nicer than I would have ever believed! Her breasts were much bigger than they looked! They were full and round and had nice hard nipples! They were always hidden by the clothes she came to work in or in the bra that held them tight against her body, I guess. We sucked each other's tongue for few minutes and then I felt her hand searching my thigh and locating my hard cock, which was straining to get out of my slacks. She moaned again when she ran her hand up and down the length of it. She wrapped her small fingers around it as best she could, since it was still inside my slacks, and shoved her tongue deep into my mouth moaning again and again! She shifted and lifted up a little so I could get her skirt up a little. She opened her legs further as she felt my hand on her lower thigh. I reached between her legs and felt her heat off her pussy from 2 feet away. 

D opened her legs wider for me immediately when she felt my hand moving up the inside of her thighs! When I touched her pussy, I swear to god, I could have bet she almost got off from her pumping and moaning and thrusting her body immediately on my hand. From that little touching we gave each other she was panting like she was in heat! It was only a few minutes and she was humping her pussy on my hand and leg as she moved her thigh over mine! 

My hand stayed up between her thighs and she gladly kept her legs wide open for me. Her skirt was ½ way up her thighs and she kept telling me: "Oh yes! Touch my pussy! Rub it! Oh yes!! Mummm! Oh Bud! Oh Bud! I'm so hot! Oh rub it faster!" 

She had on panty hose that day and I could still feel her heat and then her wetness as it leaked into her panties and then the cloth patch of her panty hose. When my hand stroked her softness between those wide-open legs, I could feel her pussy pulsating against my hand I rubbed it. 

I kept rubbing it up and down a couple more times and she sighed as if she was in heaven! When I gently cupped her entire pussy with my full hand, she pushed hard against it! Her moans came almost every other second now as she put her hand over my hand, squeezed her legs together with our hands between them. She pushed up hard against it as I wiggled my hand and fingers around. Her legs held my hand tight and now her hand pressed my hand tighter against her cunt. And in a few seconds, she was panting as if she were a dog in heat! 

She ground her hips against my hand and GOT OFF!! I couldn't believe it!! I had my hand on her pussy no more than 3 minutes and she got off!! I mean she climaxed! She had an orgasm! Holy SHIT!! She got off!!! This girl was in heat big time!! When she recovered a little she relaxed her legs and I slide my hand over her pussy, gently stroking it from the top to under her ass and then back up! I could smell her musk and it made my dick jump with excitement! She kept stroking my hard cock as we both watched her small hand go up and down the full length of it on the outside of my slacks. There was a small wet spot beginning to show on the material of my slacks and I asked her: "Take it out baby! Take my cock out of my slacks and pump it! I don't want to cum in them! It will leave a big stain I won't be able to explain to my wife" 

But she told me: "No not here! We better stop for now too many people!" 

Since it was rush hour and there were a lot of people walking down the street, we did stop. I went into my house with cock hard as hell and my head spinning. I asked myself: "What the fuck just happened!!!?? Was that really D who squeezed my cock and let me run my hands over her pussy making it cum? Was that she who choked me with her tongue as she opened her legs wide when I touched her knees?" God she was panting in seconds!! Holy shit!!! She was in a bad way and needed fucking bad!!!!"

As I went into the house I had to hide my hard on from my wife. We ate dinner and watched TV and went to bed at 8 PM with me all over her. I fucked her like a crazy man that evening, like it was our first time together! Around 11 PM we had finished and she just lay there trying to catch her breath. She looked at me and asked: "WOW! You sure need a little sex tonight didn't you? That was so good!"

I said as I move over her naked body and asked: "Was or is we're going to do it again before we go to sleep." 

She smiled and spread her legs and I slid in between them. My cock was still rock hard. She guided it into her cum drenched pussy and I started ramming her pussy with a passion I didn't know I had. Don't you just love it when the woman takes your cock and moves it to her open pussy guiding it in?

Anyway, the next morning it was my turn to drive and as I drove to D's place I wondered what would happen. I pulled up to her house and saw her door was opened. As I beeped the horn, she came to the door and motioned for me to come in. I walked up to her door as she opened the outside door for me. Her husband had gone already and she was dressed for work. 

As soon as I got into the house she closed the door and grabbed me. We held each other trying to shove our tongues down the other person's throat. My hands ran all over her body and her hands went right for my growing cock. I ran my hands down her back and down over to her ass. GOD WHAT A NICE ASS!! (Another surprise.) Where the fuck was she hiding that ass all these years I have known her? It was round and firm and sat up high as she squeezed her body into me. I could feel her pumping her body against me already. I cupped her ass cheeks tight with both hands and pulled her lower body hard against me. She moaned and held me tighter yet! I lifted her dress with both hands and when I got it up to her stomach my hands touched her skin! She wasn't wearing any panties! OMG!! My cock was crying to get out of my slack.

As we lowered ourselves to the floor, I heard her moaned again and again as our bodies merged together. When she felt my knee touch her knees she opened her legs wide and I slide my leg between her thighs and pushed it up tight against her pussy! My cock was pressing hard against her pussy and hard as a rock! I know she felt it because immediately she began to dry hump me. Lifting her nice ass up in the air and holding me tight as she rocked against me. I know she could feel my rock hard cock against her and she was crying out as she slammed her pussy up against me. As she dry fucked me there on her living room floor, she bit my lip and sucked my tongue so hard she hurt it! 

I raised her skirt up higher now over her stomach exposing her nicely shaped legs and her neatly trimmed pussy. I could see it was wet as if she had been swimming in the ocean! I put my hands under that nice ass and pushed my full body in between her legs as she grinned her body into me. Within a minute she cried out, and began to pump and pump and pump up and down cumming from rocking against my cock. But, I was still clothed, I was only pumping her not fucking her!!! 

God!! I hadn't even touched her pussy directly yet and she had gotten off. As her body fell back on the floor, I began to kiss my way down her body. When my mouth touched skin I began to lick over her stomach and thighs and when she bent her knees, my face slide down between her leg and over to her wet snatch. She immediately arches up again as she felt my fingers and mouth on her pussy. I kissed my way around her wetness until she grabbed my head and slammed it into her cunt. It took about 30 seconds of licking and touching to get her to climax again and screaming loudly this time: "Oh yes! Eat me! Eat me! Oh god Yes! Eat me! PLEASE!"

Her body shook and shivered and her eyes went back into her head as she just kept cumming and cumming. Finally she started to slow down, I stood up and dropped my slack letting my extremely hard 7inch-cock pop out the hole in my boxers. When she saw it sticking straight out, she jumped up on to her knees garbed it and sucked the swollen head into her mouth. She sucked as hard as she could on the cock head while her hands started to pump back and forth on the hard shaft as fast as she could get them to go. 

She pumped my cock making her hands fly back and forth on the shaft of my swollen hard cock as her mouth sucked hard on the cock head. It took me about 2 minutes before I dumped a ton of my hot cum into her mouth. When I told her I was about to cum, she moaned and sucked it harder squeezing the shaft tightly and then releasing it, again and again and again. 

Every time she felt me pump another shot of cum into her mouth she would moan or sigh. When I had finished, she wiped her mouth and hugged me tight letting my cock rub around her face. She stood up and sighed. She told me we had no time to do anything else now, we would be late picking up the other person and late for work. I didn't care and told her let's call in sick. But she wouldn't agree. She stood up, straightens herself and her clothes, and slipped on a pair of white panties as I pulled my fucking pants up. I was pissed. I really wanted to fuck, and fuck NOW!! But no, we walked to the door as she told me: "But, one day soon we'll spend the full day together I promise! I want you so bad I hurt!" 

I told her: "You hurt! I have a pain that's not going away until I fuck you D. GOD we can't just stop now! Come on let's do it fast on the table here. It won't take long the way we both feel." 

She moaned again and moved to me. She wrapped her arms around me and squeezed me tight. She said: "Oh God that was good. I have been thinking about you and your cock all night. I fucked my husband like a whore in heat last night. But we have to stop for now. OK? Please, let's go!" 

I told her I did the same to my wife. We got into the car and picked up the other guy and went to work on time. That night when we dropped him off she was all over me again. She had my cock out by the time we got to the stop sign at the end of his street. She was sucking it hard as I drove towards her house. She kept sucking it until I had to pull over or kill us both. She sucked and pumped my cock until I blew another huge load of my cum into her mouth. She took almost all of it with only a drop or two dripping out her mouth. 

As I recovered, we began to drive again. She couldn't keep her hands off my cock! Even when it had deflated she was playing with it and kissing and licking it. Finally, I pulled over again and I used my hand to open her legs and stroke her pussy. 

You know it has been years since we have been together but I still remember how she would smile at me as she opened her beautiful legs immediately whenever I touched her knees. She was unbelievable. But when I saw the stockings and garter belt, it was an instant hard on for me. When did she put those on?? When my hand touched her skin above her hose it felt like the softest thing I have ever touched. It was so soft! But when I got my fingers under her panties I found out her pussy was even softer and wetter. She told me: "I have been wet all day watching you."

I kissed her and fingered her pussy as we sat on the front seat of the car until she arched her back in the seat and grabbed my hand holding it on her cunt with two of my fingers pumping inside her hole. She moaned and a minute later immediately got off again and pumped against my hand as her cum ran down my fingers. She got herself off twice hard and long as she just kept pumping into my hand. 

Then as she pulled her bra down and exposed her beautiful breasts I saw that hard blood red nipples and my mouth sucked hard on it! She cried out and then she climaxed again! Her climaxes lasted for 3 or 4 or more minutes each time as she grinned hard against my hand and fingers on her cunt and my lips sucking her left breast. Finally, she slowed down and finally stopped rocking and pumping her lower body against my wet hand.

Her legs, pussy, pussy hair, stomach above her pussy the seat, her skirt, panty hose and garter belt, as well as my hand and fingers were all wet with her juices. I had to get a towel out of my gym bag to use to wipe us both off. I had her skirt up as high as I could get it and with her thighs spread wide open I slowly stroked that pussy with my fingers until she moaned and arched her back and got off one more time. This time with the towel under her ass she dripped and dripped as her orgasm moved her to her dreamland. 

The amazing thing was it only took her a minute or two of direct contact with my fingers slowly moving in and around her opening to make her climax hard. Her clit must have been an inch long and almost as thick as her little finger. God she was hot. I mean hot all the fucking time. She really wanted and needed to orgasm over and over again. 

As we drove again now, I asked her if I could come in and spend some time, making love to her the right way, you know with my cock? As I was saying it, I was pulling into her driveway and her husband was standing there getting stuff out of his car. I waved and he waved back. He came over towards me and I got out of the car so he won't smell any sexual odors. He invited me and my wife to a card game he was having that Saturday! 

I told him I would ask my wife but most likely we would be there. As she was getting out of the car, she smiled and told me she would see my in the morning. Then she said: "Oh make it a little early! OK?"

As she bent forward I could see in her eyes how worked up she still was. I could also see her nice round tits hanging down. My cock began to get hard immediately. GOD!! Now I have to wait at least another day to have her. Again I almost raped my old lady when I got home. I didn't even wait until dinner. I banged her on the kitchen table before I had even changed my clothes. When it was over, she asked me: "What the hell got into you?" 

I told her I had been thinking about her all dam day and was hard as a rock when I walked into the house. She smiled as I licked her small breasts and stroked her pussy. I carried her to the bed and ate her pussy cleaning my own cum out of it as she orgasm again. We fucked again after dinner in the chair while we watched TV and again afterwards in bed. GOD!! I can't wait until I start for work tomorrow.

Well in the morning she was running late and we had no time to do anything except she played with my cock until we got to the other guy's house. Then it directly to work. It's very hard to walk around all day with a huge boner!

That evening after we dropped off the other two people and headed towards her house, she unzipped my slacks and pulled my soft cock out. As she played with it she asked me: "Do you know some place we could go and park for a few minutes? I want to talk and if we have enough time baby, I want to try what we did the other morning. It was so good! So good! I really needed to get off and you were great."
