 Monday morning came way to early and D was very sore between her legs from Curt’s big cock. My cock was soft and tired. We showered separately and dressed for class. We had breakfast at the school, coffee and fruit and pastries. The classes were good and the morning went by quickly. Before we knew it was lunch time and we had two hours to ourselves. We decided to eat lunch and rest our bodies. As we found a table down stairs in the hotel restaurant and we began to talk about last night. 

D started to cry. She was so upset about what she did with Curt. She had cheated now on her husband with two men. But the worst part was one of them she had met only 3 hours before she sucked his cock and fucked him. She didn’t even know him. I asked her what she did last night. She told me, “Every time he danced with me, he talked about sex especially when we were alone on the floor. She hung her head and said, “He asked me if I was satisfied with my married love life? Did my husband’s sex satisfy me?” 

D sighed and told Bud, “I told him I was here with you and that we were lovers. The he smiled and started to talk about size. You know size of guys cocks.”

D looked in my eyes and said, “ God Bud, he kept telling me he had a 10-inch cock.” 

I asked her, “What did you say to that D?”

D said, “I told him I didn’t believe him. God Bud I had no idea they ever got that big. But after talking to me a bunch of times the last time her told me to touch it”

I said, “ I will not!”

He laughed and said, “Well if you’re with another man here and you are sleeping with him, what’s the big deal of seeing if I’m lying about my size D? Or, you can ask Silvia she knows how big I am and she loves it.” 

D told me she did ask Silvia and she said Curt really did have a huge cock. She told me to touch it too next time. So the next time D danced with Curt she asked him again and he told her to do it, to touch it. D said, “I did. But it was like it wasn’t me Bud.”

D said, “I reached down while we were dancing and my hand felt his soft cock. It was huge and it was soft!”

She continued, “So he told me when it’s hard, it’s 10 inches long and 4 inches thick D. I know you would love it and I would honored to show you it when it was hard.”

I told him, “Then he placed his hand over my own and began to rub it. As he rubbed my hand over his cock it started to grow and get hard.”

She said, “And then I saw you and Silvia feeling each other up and I squeezed it. And Bud it was big. How long and thick I don’t know but it was plenty big. Then when he invited us back to their room for a drink, I say yes. It was like he had me under some type of spell Bud! I still don’t know why I said yes.”

Bud said, “ Well if you wouldn’t have said it I would have D.”

D said, “So when we got there he sat next to me and kept talking about his size. And how good we would be together and how good he would make me feel. He told me he could make me cum like no one else has ever done before. He told me his cock was so long it would cum in my womb Bud.”

Bud said, “WOW D! Was he really that long?”

D looked at Bud and said, “Well at that point I didn’t know. But he made me think about it all the time. In fact he had me thinking about it all night long. I knew you were talking to Silvia and you looked like you didn’t care what we were talking or doing.”

Bud said, “ I saw you two talking but Silvia was talking louder and I didn’t hear any of your conversation.”

D held her head and shook it. She was very unset and said, “ I can’t believe I gave a stranger my body and sucked his cock! Thank God he had a rubber on!”

I raised her face and kissed her. I said, “Yea if he was big enough to cum in your womb, you should be glad he had a rubber on too. But we are both to blamed D don’t feel bad babe! So what happened when he took you out on the balcony?”

She sighed and said, “So like you said, he took me out on the balcony and since you didn’t come with us, I figured you felt it would be OK or didn’t care if I went with him. I figured you were enjoying Silvia to much, enjoying her beautiful body.”

I said, “Well D, I did see you squeezing his cock during the dance and figured you didn’t care either. I figured you wanted some privacy and more time with him alone. So I gave you space. So tell me what did he do when you guys went outside.”

She shook her head and said, “Oh Bud I’m sorry. Sorry this all happened. I have learned a lot of things this week besides work related stuff. He showed me the star formations and the different buildings around the city. He stood behind me and held me in his arms pulling me back against him. I let him hold me and press his cock against my ass. I couldn’t tell you why. Then he cupped my breasts and I held his hand but didn’t take it off. I let him hold his hand on one of them Bud. I was such a fucking slut last night. He kissed my back, shoulders and my neck and started making love to my body. He had my top opened and his hand down inside my bra cupping my tit. And again I didn’t stop him. He just kept talking about us and how good we would be together fucking and how big he was.” 

She pointed at me and said, “You and me Bud, he asked me if your cock was bigger than my husbands? When I told him yes, he asked if you were as big as he was? I told him I didn’t know because I didn’t really know how big he was.

Her hands were shaking and I asked her to stop and drink some water. She looked very unhappy and very scared. Then the food came and we ate while we talked. I asked, “So what happened then D?”

She said, “He took my hand and turned me around. He then put my hand on the big limp in his slacks. He put my hand on his dick and it was harder now and much, much bigger. He told me to rub it, and feel it and to love it. Then he told me he wanted to make love to me and give me all of his manhood.”

D took another drink and her hand shook so bad she almost couldn’t hold the glass. She said, “Then he took my breast and lifted it out of my bra, or he pushed my bra down and took it out, I’m not sure which Bud. As his one hand held my hand on his big cock, his other hand cupped my breast and he bent his mouth and sucked it. He sucked my nipple as he made me stroke his cock. God Bud it was getting bigger and bigger. And I didn’t even try to stop him! In fact I used my other hand to hold his head on my breast!”

She sighed and told me, “Then he licked my neck and kissed me some more. He whispered for me to take his cock out of his slacks and see how big he was. He told me to take it out and look at it and feel it and love it. And then tell him if you (Bud) were as big as he was.”

D looked at me and I said, “Oh Brother! And I guess you did. I’m wondering about his size too D. How big was he? What did you do?”

She said, “What did I do? I did what every woman I have ever known would have done. And I guess what you would have done too. I took it out and held it in my hand. No I held it in both hands Bud it was that big! Oh Bud, I’m so sorry about this. But when I took that big thing out, I realized I wanted to see it in the light. I didn’t believe it could be that large. And deep down inside me, God help me, I guess I wanted to see if I could take it all in my pussy. You know take it and see how it felt inside me.”

She started to cry again. I held her hand and said, “No D it’s not your fault. I’m as much to blame maybe more. I could have stopped it. I saw you on the balcony playing with each other and I didn’t stop it. I was too much involved with Silvia I guess. We are both to blame for this. We both fucked someone else last night. Don’t be upset, just finish telling me what happened then.”

She got herself together and told me again, “ So when I felt the size of it I knew I had to see it in the light of the room. And then when I saw it in the light, I knew I was going to try and fuck it. So when I told Curt that you (Bud) weren’t as big as he was, Curt told me to stroke it and to kneel and get a closer look at his cock. He kept telling me to love it.

I asked, “ And did you?”

D said, “Well, I sat down in the chair and he stood there in front of me as I held his cock in my hands. His cock head was only inches from my face. I started to explore it. You know examine it. I lifted it up and looked at the underside of the shaft and looked under the head and held his balls and rubbed the big fat cock head squeezing it as I sat in the dark. Then Curt told me to kiss the big head.” 

Bud asked, “ And did you D?”

She said, “I hesitated and kept playing with it. But he used his hands to gently push my face forward as he stepped forward. As the cock head touched my lips he told me to kiss it. I did and then I put it in my mouth Bud. And I sucked it and licked it and as I stroked the shaft it grew harder and even longer. I think then I wanted to see just how big it would get.”

D told me, “ He told me to feel how big and hard it was getting. And I should love his cock for him. I should make love to it!’

She said, “Curt said, “I bet you haven't seem one this big before have you D?"

I took the head out of my mouth and said, “No Curt, never. I never saw one or knew they got this big. It’s huge. You’ll never get it in my small body.”

Bud asked, “ Did he hurt you babe?”

D said, “He laughed and lifted me up out of the chair like I was a feather Bud. He told me to hold on to his cock and not let go as he carried me into the living room. He looked around and then he carried me into the spare bedroom saying, “I guess Silvia and Bud are in the big bedroom. I think Bud really likes Silvia’s body. But then every man does D. Don’t you think she is beautiful?”

D held on to his cock and told Curt, “Yes, she is really built Curt where are we going?”

D looking down at her feet. Our lunch was finished and we had about an hour before we had to go back to class. We walked into the park like garden and sat on one of the benches. I held her around her shoulders and kissed her gently. I asked, “So he took you in the spare bedroom and did you guys fuck?”

She looked at me and shook her head yes. D said, “So Curt held me in his arms and kicked open the spare bedroom door. He put me in the middle of the bed and started to kiss me as he whispered to me not to let his cock go. So I didn’t Bud, I didn't let go of it! I held that big hard on in my hand and let Curt undress me as I stroked him! I didn’t even try to stop him or say no. Not once did I fight him Bud. He undid all the hooks and buttons and snaps I had on my clothes. And within a minute I was left laying on the bed in my bra and panties with both breasts out of my bra and holding his big dam dick. He then got on the bed with me and lay with me and began to kiss all over me. He moved around and again his cock was near my face. He told me again to love his cock. And to kiss it again.”

D held her head in her hands bending forward. She shook her head and said, “And I did Bud. I started to suck his cock again. It was like a dream like I had to suck it in a dream Bud. I had too suck his cock! And as I did he moved over me and started to finger my pussy. I was soaked! He had really made me wet and horny. He came up to me and kissed me and told me he was going to eat my pussy. He asked me if you ate my pussy and I told him yes. But he used his big hands and ripped my panties off of me. Then he dove into my pussy as his hands were pushing my legs open wide. He looked up and told me to take off my bra. I unsnapped the front clasp and let the bra fall open. God Bud as he sucked my pussy his big hands cupped my breasts and squeezed them hard. I still have marks on them Bud.”

She started to cry again and I held her in my arms. She continued. “He sucked my pussy like some animal Bud. I mean he licked my pussy like a dog would lick it! It wasn’t sexy and it wasn’t romantic, but he stimulated me more and more. And you know how I like my pussy licked Bud don’t you?”

I said, “Yes. Yes you really enjoy it and it really gets you hot D. I know that!”

She said, “Right it makes so go crazy. So finally after I don’t know how long he sucked and licked me, but finally I arched and had a hard orgasm against his mouth. He came up to my face with his face covered with my cum just like you do Bud. And before I had finished cumming completely, Curt had moved up and was pushing his big cock at my opening.”

Bud told her he and Silvia had walked into the their bed room just as he was moving over her body. D said, “ And you saw us? Oh God Bud! You should have stopped us.”

Bud said, “It looked and sounded to us like you wanted it D. You were actually asking him, pleading with him to fuck you with his big cock.”

D shook her head and said, “Yes! I guess if I’m going to be completely honest with you Bud I have to tell you that I did. I did want him. I wanted to see what that big cock felt like inside me. Oh GOD! Bud he was huge! It felt like a fence post going into me. But he took his time and was as gentle as he could be with a cock that big I guess. Then when I got use to his size, it was like nothing I had ever felt in my life. When we do it Bud, the feeling is heavenly and warm and so very good. But when Curt started to fuck me with that pole, it drove me almost insane. I was going wild with lust and I think I must have had 100 orgasms! It was nothing like anything I have ever felt before. I can’t think of the words to describe the feeling except to say it was one fantastic fucking. Sorry Bud but it was unbelievable baby! I’m just being honest with you”

I said, “And I appreciate it D. So I guess you want to see him again and do it with him again?”

She looked at me and said, “I don’t know. I really don’t know. But don’t worry about it we’ll be in class and together from now on Bud. We most likely won’t even run into them again.”

I said, “But if you had the chance would you?”

She smiled and said; “Would you like to fuck Silvia again? It sure looked like you were enjoying her body when I saw you.”

I smiled at her and said, “God she was built wasn’t she. And God what we did to at the end with two cocks! What did you think of that?”

She shook her head and told me, “No way would I ever do that! It must have hurt her! His cock is huge! She whispered, “And in her ass! God I don’t even want to go there Bud. Let’s walk back to class.”

We did and held hands on the way and stopped every few feet to kiss and hold each other. We stopped to get a drink to take in with us, I whispered to her, “So tonight you have to use the small cock, right?”

She kissed me on the cheek and told me, “Yes! And then I can walk better the next day. But God Bud you are big enough for me baby. I love the way we fuck each other. It’s so much more sex and romantic. Last night I was like a dog in heat I guess. Tonight it will be much sexier, much more romantic with you! Besides you owe me.”

I just looked at her and said, “I owe you? What is that all about?”

I think you told Silvia that I would never do such a think like fuck a stranger.”

So you lost the bet and the bet was sex. So you owe me Bud and baby I plan to collect. By the way, I want to hear everything you and Silvia did last night. You can tell me while we shower together before dinner. You are going to order room service again tonight aren’t you?”

I laughed and said, “Oh yes! I love room service.”

We went in and sat down as the class started. It would be a long afternoon for both of us!