 Work had finally slowed down just before the holiday season began. My wife and I were scheduled to take a cruise in the Bahamas for a week. First thing Thursday morning, my wife and I packed up the kids and dropped them off with the sitter.

 Lately, finding intimate time with my wife was a struggle. Between the screaming kids and late nights at the office, times to get hot and heavy grew less and less. Over the past week, however, my wife and I had been anticipating our trip and constantly daydreaming of the possibilities.

 We drove away from the babysitters house horny as ever. Months of pent up sexual tension hung heavy in the air. Sure we had the occasional quickie while the kids were down for their naps but making love and the long nights of lust fucking had fallen by the wayside. I loved her and she loved me. Our favorite way to express that love was always through sex. 

 I remember our last time, about a ten days ago. I got off work an hour early and beat the kids home from school. Their bus would drop them off at the end of our block in less than fifteen minutes. I raced in from the garage and found my wife at the kitchen sink doing dishes. She was wearing a skirt, god bless her she thought ahead. I ran up to her from behind and reached for her tits. My boner had started growing before I had parked the car. We quickly got my belt undone and freed my cock. It sprang to life. I slid my hands up my wife's leg, lifted her skirt and bent her over the counter.

 "Oh fuck me Jack. Fuck me now! I've been waiting for that dick of yours all day!"

 I pushed the tip of my cock to her opening and put pressure on her slit. Little effort and an insane amount of her wetness made a quick entrance. My wife had started on the pill again a few months back as condoms were just never around when we needed each other. Oh she had the tightest pussy I had ever known. It was like she was made just for me, molded for my cock. I grabbed her hips and we fuck as fast as we could. We both screamed in orgasm, we've learned to cum together; such an amazing feeling. The swiftness of our copulation always had my balls slapping her clit and sent her over the edge. We finished in time, thankfully just minutes for a fast cleanup and to rebuckle my pants. 

 ---

 I married my wife shortly after college. We didn't date long, less than a year. God she was beautiful. Slightly taller than average, she had an amazing figure. She wasn't super skinny but damn she had a body. The first time I saw her 36DDs swing freely from her bra, I lost my mind. I have been lost in those voluptuous tits ever since. Not too often can I convince her to giving me a titjob, but the first time she did, I had the most powerful orgasm. Watching my cum shoot over her tits, a small spurt landing on her chin, god it was the hottest thing I had ever experienced...so far that is. 

 She was a blonde and blue eyed bombshell - I always had a thing for the blondes. I know it's a cliche but it was true. A real looker and she had a beautiful face that I'd cherish forever. I digress, 

 We drove away from the sitter's house. Becky reached over and placed her hand on my leg as we drove to the coast, an hour and a half drive. She had done this a thousand times anywhere we drove; the gentle, soft loving hand. But today was different. She squeezed my leg and moved her hand over my crotch. 

 She caressed my soft dick causing a growing erection and gave it a squeeze, "I want you now Jack. I want you to fuck me so bad. It's been too long!" She reached for my zipper and pulled my dick free. She licked her left hand and started pumping my shaft. I hadn't seen her this aggressive in a long time! She was jacking me off with such vigor. 

 "Oh god babe! You keep that up I'm going to cum already!"

 She slowed her pace then abruptly stoped. She removed her hand and then unbuckled her seat belt. She leaned over and latched her lips over my cock. Her lips were heaven. Silky soft wetness wrapped around my dick. She bobbed up and down while swirling her tongue. I almost came immediately, I felt the cum starting to rise. She took one last bob of her mouth and forced my dick all the way to the back of her throat. I lost all control and my balls exploded, pumping cum into her mouth and down her throat as she swallowed. I could barely control my whole body spasm as I orgasmed at 70mph on the freeway. I fought to keep the wheel straight only to drift onto the rumble strips. Becky moaned at the vibration. 

 As I regained my composure, my wife sat back into her seat licking her lips. A few cars passed us only slowing to see why in the hell I was just swerving so badly. My wife smiled and waved, "I bet they'd love to have their dicks sucked while they drove. I've forgotten how much I liked the taste of your cum Jack."

 I couldn't believe my eyes, or ears, or luck. It was like she was an entirely new person. She looked at me and smiled. She unbuttoned the top two buttons to allow a significant amount of her awe inspiring cleavage to show. Again, I started drifting lanes as I couldn't take my eyes off her magnificent tits. A long horn from behind me snapped me back to reality once more. 

 "Okay honey pay attention to the road now. You crash now and our week long sexy cruise goes out the window."

 She tilted her seat back slightly and I noticed her hand leave my leg. She moved her hand to her mound, rubbing her pussy through her thin leggings. I glanced down and saw a perfectly formed camel toe, her fingers pressing slightly into her. Becky hooked her thumbs into her waistband and slid her pants down to her knees and grabbed my hand. 

 "It's my turn babe. Play with me. Use this," she pulled a small vibrator from her purse turning it on. 

 I eagerly grabbed it and touched her clit. She jumped slightly and moaned. Becky loved her clit played with. It was my favorite thing about going down on her. I loved flicking it with my tongue and sucking on it. She loved the direct stimulation. I held the vibrator there for a minute before slowly stroking her slit up and down, each stroke pushing further in until it was completely coated with her juices. Becky closed her eyes and began moving her hips almost uncontrollably. I pushed the vibrator into her and began pumping it in and out. Her pleasure built ever so quickly. I was surprised at how I managed to drive and pleasure my wife simultaneously. 

 The only other time I've brought her to an orgasm so quickly was during last years halloween costume party. Everyone had gotten drunk and my wife and I snuck into her friends pantry off the kitchen. I bent her over one of the shelves and fucked her as hard as my delusional state of mind would allow. Her pussy was already dripping from the visual sexual innuendos in our faces: naughty nurse outfits, stripper costumes, etc. I had pulled her panties down and rammed my cock straight into her beautifully wet and warm cunt. I started fucking her so hard she had to brace herself against the wall. Reaching down, I grabbed a nipple in my left hand and her throbbing clit with my right. She pushed back against my hips and I pinched both knobs hard. She came so violently her pussy latched onto my cock so hard I thought for sure she'd break it off. Just thinking about that night caused my spent cock to start growing once more. 

 I pumped the vibrator a few more times and pressed it against her clit hard. She shrieked and closed her legs around my hand like a vice. She twitched in the seat for a good two minutes before sitting back in her seat. 

 "Holy fuck Jack! I needed that so bad. How much further until we get there? I want that massive cock of yours inside me."

 "About another 25 minutes," I said. As I said this she looked down at my still exposed dick now standing at attention once more. 

 "Damn babe. I see you're ready for round two," she said with a smile. "I was hoping to wait to tell you after we got on the ship, but I took the liberty last week to pick up a couple things for our trip. I got us a few toys for starters. Have you ever heard of a Fleshlight? ...Of course you have, you're a man. Well I bought one. And it's right here." She pulled out a black plastic case that looked like an oversized flashlight. She twisted off the large end and a pink silicon rosebud appeared. It was an anal stroker. 

 "I plan to throw out all our inhibitions this trip, mine included mind you. I've known for a long time you've wanted to fuck my ass and I figured this could be a start in that direction."

 "Oh god Becky. I love you!" She placed the head of the fleshlight against her cunt and slathered it with her juices. She reached over and placed it on the head of my cock. She slowly started pumping it up and down, working my full length into it. It felt amazing, it was so tight. This could never replace the real thing but if Becky was ever out of town this would sure make my aching balls more comfortable. She pumped and pumped. I was in heaven. Again I started drifting lanes. Horns blared but I didn't care. I felt the cum rise in my dick and spray into the tube. Oh fuck what an experience. 

 She hadn't said a word until after I came. She just watched my body respond to the new sensation. I was never big on toys but now I highly recommend one of these to anyone. 

 "Um honey, pay attention please. You're going to miss our exit." She was right. I looked up and had to cut across two lanes of traffic not to miss it. Again, more horns and angry drivers behind me but I no longer cared...or heard them for that matter. Becky pulled the rosebud from my shrinking cock and placed it near her mouth. She licked my cum from it and sucked the rest out, swallowing it all.

 ---

 The last 20 minutes went by rather quickly. We arrived at the dock, unloaded our luggage, and checked in. We were ushered onto the ship shortly after. Hand in hand, we walked up the bridge and onto the ship. It was massive and beautiful. The main concourse had the most elaborate chandelier I had ever seen. People were mingling and walking about. Most already had drinks in there hand. It would be "five o'clock somewhere" right here on this ship for the next week straight. 

 My wife had booked the cruise and only had ever referred to it as the sexy cruise. I thought she just meant that we'd be having plenty of sex. That is until we walked a bit further. A skinny redhead walked by completely topless. Her breasts were small, a B cup I guessed, but perky as hell. Her nipples we hard just begging to be nibbled on. I gawked at the sight.

 Apparently my mouth was standing wide open because Becky chimed in, "You thought I was kidding when I said we'd be on a sexy cruise huh?"

 I looked at her and smiled. We went straight for our estate room and dropped our bags at the door. Within seconds we were lip locked and groping each other all over. I reached up to unbutton her top but she swatted my hands away. 

 "Not yet big boy. We're going to relax in the hot tub first," she said winking at me. "Get changed and try to keep your cock in your shorts unless you want someone to see that bulge of yours." 

 With that she was gone into the bathroom changing. I changed too and when she opened the door, she was wearing the most revealing bikini I had ever seen. Nothing was left to the imagination. Her heaving breasts strained the tiny strings on her triangle bikini. So much cleavage! So much tit! I was drooling. 

 "You like what you see?" She spun around slowly allowing me to take all her in. Her beautifully round ass was not covered by the thing material through her ass crack. The front was the tiniest patch of cloth barely covering her pussy lips. My cock was rock hard at that point. Nothing but a good fucking would have eased my throbbing rod. 

 "I guess you're walking through the halls like that then," she winked and opened the door, pulling me with her. She drug me behind her for a couple minutes, intentional as I couldn't get enough of her ass swaying back and forth. We passed a few more women, both topless thank god! One had a thong and the other a tight, skimpy boody shorts showing her ass cheeks. At that point I no longer cared about the tent in my board shorts. We passed one other couple, both were completely naked. At a passing glance I noticed the dude was excited too. We both nodded to each other. This cruise was going to be epic. I wondered if I would be able to get my wife to strut around in the nude. 

 As we neared the pool, she let go of my hand and grabbed my dick. She led me to the spa by my erect shaft. Like I said, I didn't care anymore. I was going to enjoy every second of this trip. Becky turned on the jets and bubbles and led me step by step into the hot water. We slowly eased in and disappeared below the steam. 

 "Having fun yet?" Becky asked. 

 "Hell yeah I am. This was an amazing idea. Not sure why we haven't done it sooner."

 "Well this trip is all about fun and I want some more fun right now." She floated closer and straddled me. "Oh my!" She exclaimed, "That must be uncomfortable to be sporting such a rock hard cock honey. Let me help you with that."

 She reached down and slid my trucks off. Only when she put my trucks out of the water had I noticed she had removed her thong as well. She lowered herself until her slit pressed into my pulsing dick. She slowly stroked herself with the head of my cock. The hot tub jets sent a constant flow of bubbles around both our genitals. It felt amazing. It tickled but was erotic. Her straddling me once again placed her magnificent tits in my face. Oh how I wanted to burry my face between her soft bodacious boobs. If I had to choose the best way to die, it would be trapped between them until I couldn't breath. 

 Just as she started rocking back and forth on my cock head, two women approached the spa's edge, "Mind if we join you?"

 "Not at all!" My wife exclaimed. I unwillingly looked up from the soft mounds in front of me to see who had approached, not happy that my concentration had been removed from my wife's tits. 

 "Hello!" I thought to myself. These two women were hot! The brunette was wearing a skimpy bikini and shorts and the blonde was only wearing a thong. The brunette bent over facing away from us to remove her shorts only to reveal her panty clad pussy. Her lips were spread outside the fabric glistening in all their glory. Her lips were so wet I would swear she had just had some kind of sex. Maybe it was with her blonde friend here. Oh that sent my mind reeling!

 Both had gotten in and removed their remaining tops, tossing it aside towards their chairs. I could see both their boobs floating just below the waters surface. Oh god I was so hard. I wanted to cum a thousand times. I couldn't take it anymore. I pulled my wife closer to me, her tits pressing into my chest. I whispered in her ear, "I want to fuck you right here. I want to cum inside you so badly. I need you now!"

 "You want to fuck me right here in front of these two beautiful women?" She asked rather loudly. I couldn't say anything. My wife glanced back at the two women and asked, "You don't mind do you?"

 "No!" They said in unison. "Mind if we watch?"

 "Help yourself," Becky said. She pushed herself down onto me. My head just breached her lips and she moaned. The two women had moved closer now on either side of us. I could tell they each had their own hands between their legs. Oh god this was hot! My wife bobbed up and down, taking more of my cock each time. As she bobbed, her tits followed breaching the waters surface each time. The two woman noticed my gaze and raised out of the water slightly. I now had full view of six beautiful breasts bouncing around with my wife riding me. I was getting close to the point of no return. My wife could tell based off the look on my face. She grabbed her tits with both her hands and squeezed them together, flicking her nipples with her finger. She knew I loved watching her play with herself. This sent me over the edge. I wrapped my arms around her and began to convulse. I came hard. I pumped cum after cum into my wife's cunt. It felt like it lasted forever. I couldn't stop cumming. 

 Finally my dick softened and slid out of my wife's tight pussy. Though due to the sight in front of me, I never went completely soft. 

 "My my," said the busty brunette. "That was quite the show. It's not fair though. Now I'm hornier than ever. Tessa, would you mind helping me out?"

 Her blonde friend nodded and the brunette stood up and sat on the spa's edge, spreading her legs. There, in all its wetness, a pair of the largest pussy lips I had ever seen! My wife spun around and sat back down on my dick. She took my hands and placed them on her breasts. A sure sign she was enjoying the sight too and wanted to be played with.

 Tessa floated over to her busty friend and used two fingers to spread her lips. Face first, she dove into her cunt lapping up her folds. I fondled my wife's tits. My dick now hard AGAIN (I knew right then I would be hard for the entire week straight) rubbing on her cunt. I slid my right hand down to play with her clit. Soon the brunette, my wife, and I were all moaning together. People were now surrounding us watching the spectacle. Most were playing with themselves too. If this kept up, there'd be a massive orgy on this deck. 

 The brunette pinched her own nipples and begged Tessa to eat her harder. "Oh Tessa! Yes. Yes! Oh god just like that! Harder. Harder! Make mommie cum! OH GOD! YES. YES. YESS OH! OH!" Her legs snapped together, trapping Tessa between them. She must have continued licking her clit despite being trapped because busty brunette kept cumming and moaning louder. 

 At this point, Becky had grabbed my hips to aid her forcing my dick further inside her. We fucked each other closing towards a mutual orgasm. As the brunette peaked her orgasm, I pinched my wife's clit one last time and we both came. Her pussy squeezed my cock and sent me over the edge. We both shook violently holding each other. The crowd cheered us all on. 

 We all finally relaxed. My cock still hard inside my wife and Tessa finally came up for air. Impressive I thought. She couldn't breath for quite a while. 

 "Oh god that was amazing. I've never done anything like that before," my wife said to the two other women. "Maybe we can get drinks later?"

 "Sure thing darlin'".

 My wife and I looked at each other, spent. For now at least.

 "Let's get cleaned up and get something to eat," I suggested. 

 "I was thinking the same thing. Let's go before this crowd cums all over us," she laughed. 

 ---

 "So honey, in the car you mentioned you had bought more toys? What exactly did you get?" I asked stepping out of the shower. 

 "Dry off and come here. I'll show you another." 

 I put my towel around my waist and walked into the bedroom. My wife was sitting on the bed with a devilish look in her eye. "If you want to fuck my ass, you're gonna have to give up yours first. That's the deal," she said. "Don't worry I don't have a dildo in here...not exactly."

 She saw a slight fear in my face so she continued, "I've read that a prostate orgasm is the strongest orgasm a guy can experience. If you want to cum in my ass, I'm going to make you cum from yours. That's my offer."

 "Wow. Uh that's different. Can't say that I've thought of that." I sighed, "You'd have to get me fairly liqueured up first. But if those are your terms, I guess I can give it a try."

 "Oh good. Lay down right now," she instructed. 

 "Right now? But I told you alcohol first."

 "Right now. There's whiskey in the cupboard. Sit, sit. I'll get it." She patted the bed for me to sit and she walk to the cabinet for my drink. I could tell she was a little too excited about this. She was wearing a light pink silk robe. It was short, not entirely covering her ass. As she stood up, I could see her cheeks appear. I instantly started getting hard. 
