 They got home on Friday afternoon and both spent the weekend with their spouses. For Bud it was a nice weekend fucking his wife for a change. She was even a little excited about it. But three times in two days is about her limit. Her appetite for sex is small and she’s really not into it much at all. She loves to hold each other and gently kiss and touch hold each other. But, fucking hard and long is not her cup of tea. She wants children and only believes sex is for making children not so much for excitement and enjoyment. Bud guessed he didn’t realize that when they married but boy did he understand it now and if frustrated him greatly. He always walked around with a hard on.

So, to say the least, he could hardly wait until Monday morning to pick D up for work. He was hoping that somehow they could find a way to have each other before they arrived at work. Bud called D on Sunday night and asked what time he should pick her up. When she told him around the normal time, he was dejected. Surely she wanted me to come into her house and play a little. She told him no, and to pick her up maybe 10 minutes early since she was sure they both had a great deal of work waiting for them. 


When he pulled up to her house, her front door was cracked open and her husband's car was in the driveway. "Shit!" Bud yelled in my car. 

She came out and got in and they drove to pick up the third in their car pool. She told him her husband was home on vacation to paint for the next two days. It was a surprise to her too! She also told him how much she missed him. But deep down inside she didn’t really miss Bud, she missed they way he fucked her and made her cum.

But he smiled when he felt her hand move to his cock and unzipped his slacks when they we only about ½ block from her house. She had his cock out and had begun jerking him off in rush hour traffic the entire 8 miles to their car pool member’s house. He had to pull over about ½ mile from the other guy’s house. He was about to pop his nut and told her. As he parked the car on a side street she lowered her mouth over the head of his cock and took his cum as he started to shoot! Moans from his mouth were low and long as she sucked and sucked his cock. He shot hard and long as he got off. D licked it up, all of it.

They sucked tongue and played with each other for about 20 more minutes. She had a bra on and adjusted it to make it very slacked. Bud moved his hand in and pulled out both of her beautiful young tit. But, she stopped him when a guy came by walking his 2 dogs! They sat up fast and got straighten up and then drove to pick up the other rider. They both felt like they would explode especially D. She said, “Oh Bud! I have to fuck you! I missed you so bad over the weekend. Can we do something at lunch? Please! I have to have you in me! I want you so bad I ache!!”

At work Bud was really frustrated. he had trouble thinking all day. Around lunchtime D came up and sat on a stool with the large counter in front of her. One of the other employees was standing next to her on the left working! Bud came around and put a foot on the stool. Leaning near her he whispered: "I have something for you baby. Feel my leg."

D’s hand slowly moved off the counter and down under it to his knee. Bud told her: "Higher baby reach higher."

She moved her hand up his thigh until she felt his huge hard cock throbbing in his slacks. When she did, she squeezed it and moaned. Bud told her he had been hard most of the day and she needed to help him out! They had a 4th floor in that building which was used for storage. There was a stairway on both sides of the building that went up to that floor. Bud told her to go to the lady's room and then go up the north stairs to the 4th floor.

A few minutes he left for the men's room and then climbed the first set of 12 steps. Going around the corner he started to climb the next 12 to the door that went to the 4th floor. As Bud took a step he looked up and she was standing there at the top with her legs open and her skirt up. She had her panties pulled to the side and her pussy smiled down at him wet and shinning. He ran up the stairs and they began to make love to her cunt.

She sat on the top step and he stood in front of her. When she did her pussy was even with his face. He instructed her to lift her skirt, spread her thighs wide and moved in to the edge of the stair, and towards his face. She smiled at him and slowly, teased him while she slipped off her bikini panties completely lifting them off her feet. He took them out of his hand and put them in his suit pants pocket. His hand went between her thighs and spread her wide. He buried his face into her wetness and licked her pussy like a dog! As she sat there on the stairs, with a chance of someone coming up and seeing them, Bud licked her cunt as hard and fasts as he could. He wanted to please her fast just incase someone would come up the steps. He loved to eat her pussy. 

He could smell her musk and as her cunt hair touched his face he stuck his tongue deep into her pussy and began to eat her faster and faster. He sucked and she moaned, sometimes loudly. He licked and she moaned again! Her cum ran down her legs and his face and hands! She took only minutes to climax shoving her cunt hard into his face hard, saying: "Oh yes baby! Oh yes!! Oh god YES! OH! Oh eat me baby! Oh yes baby! Ahhhhh!! So good! Mummmmm! Ahhhhh!!". When she was finished she hurried back to the office.

As she pulled his face off her cunt, they switched places and she knelt in front of Bud’s cock now. She unzipped it and slipped her small hand inside his slacks and puled out his hard long boner. He was like a rock. She slowly licked around the head and with her thumb and index finger circled the hard just under it around the hard thick shaft. She began to pump it! Bud told her, “Oh god it feels so fucking good baby!”

As the heat from his cock grew hotter she pumped faster and swallowed the head of his cock. Now he had to lean back a little as he watched her mouth moving along the shaft as she sucked and fucked him with her mouth! She slowly had engulfed his entire shaft until the hair around his cock was tickling her face! She was deep throating all of his 7+ inches time after time. When he cried out and began to cum a gallon of white hot cum into her mouth, D smiled and Bud got off. Boy did he get off! 

Her hands were flying up and down his cock shaft as she sucked hard on just the hard cock head now. She milked his nuts getting every drop of cum out of the big swollen nuts under his cock! God she was getting better and better with every blowjob! When he started to get soft she let his cock pop out of her mouth and asked: "Feel better baby? How was that? I have been practicing and my old man tells me I'm Great! I think I’m much better now!"

Bud told her she was great! She smiled and told him it was his turn again. He stayed seated and she sat on his lap and opened her knees letting his hand played with her pussy. As they kissed and tongued each other Bud brought her of again with his fingers. They heard some people talking on the steps the next floor under them and they hurried and got up and moved over to the steps on the other side of the building.

D hurried back to the office and her desk. Bud went back down to the men's room to wash his glazed face. He looked like he had eaten a dozen donuts. His face was all shining from her juices. He had just finished when the boss came in. He said: "Oh there you are I was wondering where you got too." 

Bud told him he was feeling bad and had been in here crapping his brains out!

Both of them called home and told their spouses they would have to work about an hour over time because of all the work they had. That night when D and Bud left work at the regular time, they stayed in the parking lot, on the top floor of the parking lot for over an hour. As the garage emptied, D laid in the back seat on top of Bud with one of his hands running between her ass, down to her pussy from behind. He moved his other hand up between them and ran it between her legs from the front. His two hands met directly at and on her wet cunt. As his fingers worked her over she sucked his tongue and as her rapture grew and she exploded with an orgasm from Bud’s fingers, she cried out her husband's name as she climaxed on his fingers!!! 

Well that took some of the fun out of it! She told Bud she was so sorry and started to go for his cock as it stuck up in the air. He let her. She kept telling him how sorry she was and then put her mouth on his cock and sucked it until Bud didn't care any more who she called for! After he shot his load into her mouth he told her: "I'm going to rape you if we don't fuck each other soon!" 

She wouldn’t let him fuck her in the parking lot for fear someone would see her. 

She told him, “I promise baby, it will be just as soon as we can do it. Maybe Wednesday morning we’ll get a change after my husband leaves for work.”

He said, “God that’s 3 days from now. My wife is going to get fucked so hard and so dam many times tonight!”

She moaned and said, “Don’t tell me Bud. I wish it were me you were fucking instead of your lucky wife. God she has no idea what she is missing! I can’t believe she doesn’t like sex.”

Bud said, “She puts up with it but she really doesn’t care if she ever has it or does it. I have to always insist that we do it. And sometimes she just lies there letting me cum. I get her off a few times but she is no where as good as you.”

As he told her he was working on a plan for the weekend. Bud told her that he would be home all day on Saturday and that his old lady was going to her mothers and wouldn't be home until 7 or 8 PM. Maybe she could tell her husband she had to do something and get away for a while. Then Bud remembered his wife had been on him to clean the kitchen ceiling and he said, “Tell your husband I need to borrow his long ladder and you can deliver it. Then we could be alone for a couple of hours or more!”

He told her the way he felt it wouldn't take long for him to cum and get off when he was deep in her pussy! She smiled and told him she could get off in seconds when she was being fucked by a hard cock, especially his hard cock. She squeezed it tight as they drove home. She told him she would try and get over somehow on Saturday too. Bud told her to tell her husband he needed the ladder to clean the ceilings I was going to paint them. She said, “OK!”

That Friday as they pulled up and I saw her old man in the yard and I asked him. Can I borrow your ladder? He told me he had guard duty that weekend and maybe he could load the ladder in D’s van and she could come over to deliver it. Bud told him he was a lifesaver and thanked him. D smiled and told him she would be over before 10AM. Bud told them thanks and left for home. He sang all the way home, “Saturday, Saturday, I'm getting some of that pussy! YES!!

On Saturday Bud kissed his wife goodbye around 9AM and started to clean the ceilings by standing on the little ladder he had in the house. At 10 AM he was almost done as he saw D pulling up in his driveway. He waved at her and they walked to her van with the ladder on the top. He took the ladder and carried it in the house as she followed me in. 

D shut the door and locked it then she turned around to see Bud looking at her. She smiled as she saw his eyes going over her body. It was the first chance Bud had to really see what she was wearing. A pair of jean shorts (not short shorts) and a somewhat tight tee shirt, baby blue in color. It showed the outline of her breasts under it. He took her in my arms and their bodies merged as his cock hardened against her. She moaned as she felt it thicken against her leg. She pulled back and looked down to see the bulge in his jeans and asked: Are you hard already for me Baby? One kiss and you're hard. OMG! You are hard. Take it out let me see feel it and see it! I have missed it so much Bud" 

He dropped his jeans and was wearing no underwear. He told her: "I'm ready baby! Get undressed and we'll make love." 

He waved the rubber pack in front of my cock. She smiled and came towards me pulling her tee shirt over her head. Bud put his hands on her breasts and squeezed her hard tits! Her breasts stood there with her nipples sticking out hard as rocks. Bud touched them and she told me: "Suck them baby! Suck them with your wonderful mouth." 

He did! He took one in his hands and cup it as he lowered his mouth down on to it. Sucking as much of her breast into his mouth as he could and making her moan as she held his head against her breasts with her hands. He sucked one tit and then the other, using his hands to hold them as he slowly made love to them He felt her unbutton her shorts and heard them drop to the floor. Their bodies melted down on to the rug in the hallway. Bud slide between her opening legs and began to lick and suck her breasts again and she lay there whimpering softly. 

He moved down her body licking and rubbing it as he went. Over her stomach and down to her thighs Bud licked and slowly stroked her flesh. he moved his hands from her knees up to her panty line and around her pussy on the outside. When his hands got to that pussy, He could feel her body heat! She was hot as hell! Bud slowly put my thumbs around the sides of her panties near her waist and pull them down. D lifted one leg at a time and kicked them away.

He was sitting on his knees and just taking in the sight of her young beautiful body. His cock stood at attention and she raised her body up a little so she could take it in her hand. She smiled and told him: "I'm ready for you Bud! Do you have the rubbers?" 

He smiled and opened the pack with his teeth. When he was about to put it on, she stopped him and took the rubber. She put it on his hard swollen cock. It jumped all over the place as she slowly moved the rubber up the long shaft! When she had it opened with some slack in the front to catch the cum and make sure it didn't break, she laid back and looked at Bud and said, “Oh god baby! I want you so bad. Put your hard cock in me and make me cum! Oh baby! We waited so long!" 

Bud moaned now and slowly took the head of his cock and put it to the very edge of her pussy's hole. She lifted her legs bending them at the knees. He pushed and the big hard cock head went into her! Tight, she was super tight! Bud realized again how much he wanted her. 

Now as he pushed a little more and slowly felt his cock shaft sink into her warm, wonderful pussy. She arched up into him now as their bodies touched. Bud was all the way inside her body and she wrapped her legs around him tight as she pumped her body up and down and rode on his cock. He pumped in and out of her matching her movements. As they continued he could hear her breathing quicken and her body moving faster and faster now. 

It had only been about 2 minutes and she was about to climax. Bud lifted her legs from around his stomach and placed them up higher so that they were over her head. As her knees pressed against her tits, he began to thrust his cock into her harder and harder! She cried out and lifted both of them up off the rug as she began to climax. She rolled and thrust and pumped and arched her body as she went into her orgasm. She cried out again and again each time that her body rammed into Bud’s cock and he filled her like her husband could never do! 

Bud couldn't hold back much longer and told her: "Ahhhh Oh god baby! You feel so good!! I'm cumming NOW!! Oh yes, oh fuck yes!!!!!!!!!!”

And, he climaxed shooting god knows how much cum into that fucking rubber.

After a few minutes of recovery, she asked me: "Do we have time to do that again? It was so good, can we do it again Bud? Please I need it again!"

He told her: "Yes.” But he might have to have some of her help to get his cock hard again. She had fucked him like no one had ever done before. 

She smiled as he moved it out of her and she took it in her hand. He picked her small body up and moved to the bedroom. Bud put her in the middle of his bed. The bed where his wife slept. She looked at him and asked, “Oh no Bud! Not here. She’ll know!”

He moved to her. They began again trying to choke each other with their tongues. Her hands removed the rubber and were all over his body and cock, pumping and stroking it and working hard to get it super hard again. Bud moved around in a 69 position now and they both began to give each other oral pleasure. Her pussy was sweeter than ever from her climax. Bud worked hard on her with his mouth and fingers and got her off twice before she had his cock to its fullness and hardest. He now felt like a rock. She wanted it right away and told him, “Lay back. I want to get on top.” 

Bud smiled as he knew what she could do as she rode him. And, he put his back on the bed, pushed the skin of his cock down making it longer and harder with a very sensitive cock head at the very top. He watched as she swung her legs over his body and straddled his hips with her thighs. She slowly lowered her pussy down on to the big hard cock head. A moan of pure lust came from her mouth as she sucked the head into her pussy. With her hands she guided his cock into her pussy. She sat down slowly until her body had take all of my cock up into her pussy. Our bodies were now touching! My cock was all the way up inside her now and I could feel her cunt walls already squeezing me. She smiled down and told me: "Mummmm that feels nice. God you are hard! I love your cock deep inside my body Bud! Now I’m going to fuck you like a wild woman!"

I looked up and took my hands and cupped her breasts squeezing them as she began to move up and down. Her pussy felt like silk as it sucked in my cock! Soon we were both pumping and thrusting our bodies against each other. She would crying out each time she slammed down on my cock! When I held her hips to assist her moving up and down faster she would grab her tits and squeezed them as I watched.

I was pumping my cock up each time she came down on it and she was moaning and crying out as she throw her head back, slammed her cunt down harder and harder on my swollen cock as she yelled out: "Oh yes!!! Oh god yes!! I'm cumming baby!! I'm cumming now! YES!! Oh fuck me!! Fuck me hard baby! It feels soooooooo gooodddddddd! Ohhhhhhh Goddddddddd! Yes!!!!!!!! Oh Yes!! Buddddddddddddddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

And she climaxed hard squeezing his cock tight as her orgasm took over her body, she moved her body as fast as she could up and down his swollen hard cock. Up and down, up and down, up and down again and again and again her pussy slide up and down on his hard long cock. She climaxed again right behind her first one!

Her cries were like a little girl's cry as Bud watched her body going wild as she shuttered to a third orgasm on his cock! She came down on top of him now her pussy held his cock like a vise deep inside her body! It was unbelievable!! Her body kept pumping and rocking and pushing against his cock as it stimulated her clit directly now!! She couldn't stop! She must have gotten off 3 or 4 times before the cum in Bud’s nuts began to want out! (Then he just realized, he didn't have a rubber on this time! He didn't tell her!)

They kept fucking each other for another couple of more minutes until Bud couldn't take any more and began to ram his cock hard into her pussy as hard as he could. Bud was now a man on a mission! A mission to cum. She moaned and moaned as his warm thick sperm shoot deep into her beautiful small pussy. She held on as he pumped her cunt full of it! He continued to fuck her until he just couldn't pump any more. He had never shot so much cum in my life. She was full and running over.

She fell forward on top of him but just kept pumping her tight little body against his still hard cock. They fucked each other slowly until they just couldn’t fuck any more. Their bodies tired and drained, they broke their embrace and they felt his deflating cock popped out of her tight little pussy! 
