 Chapter 1: In Which Our Hero Returns Home From an Indiscretion to Face His Wife

It was after 4 am when Maxwell Atkins pulled into the driveway in front of his house. All the lights were off and everything was quiet, but Max was not fooled. He was in trouble and he knew it. He turned off the ignition and sat in the car for a moment, then pulled out his cigarettes and fished one from the pack. He lit it and sat, quietly smoking, thinking over the day.

It had begun like most Tuesdays in his life: he kissed his wife goodbye at 6 in the morning, drove to work, and spent the day fixing people's IT problems. It hadn't been a difficult day, just the normal, run-of-the-mill issues. And at 5, he left, fully intending to head for home. But it hadn't worked out that way.

As he left the building, he ran into Steve and decided to head over to a local bar for a drink. A drink. Just a drink with a guy he'd gone to college with and hadn't seen in a few years. That was all. He had called Emily and she understood.

So they went for that drink. After some mundane conversation on various topics you always discuss with someone you hadn't seen for a while, Steve dropped the bomb.

"Well, Max, there's something I haven't really told you. I did some soul-searching in college, explored my boundaries a bit. I hope you understand that I just want you to know this: I'm gay."

Max nodded, then frowned. "What about Julie?" he asked. Julie had been Steve's long-term girl friend. Everyone had thought they would get married after college.

"Well, I knew a little back then, but I hadn't really faced it."

"When did you first..." Max trailed off.

"Date a guy? It was a while, but I knew long before that. While I was with Julie, I met this guy and we messed around some, but it was really after Julie."

Max nodded again and looked down at his beer. "I think I need a drink," he said.

Steve smiled hesitantly and said, "Hey, this round's on me. It's the least I can do."

"Sure," Max said. "I'm gonna run to the can."

When he got back, there were two new cold beers on the table. Max sat and drank deeply, then looked at Steve. "Look, man, this is weird for me, but I'm not gonna freak out on you or anything. I'm not gay, but I'm not an asshole either, you know?"

Steve nodded. "Yeah."

"So what's Julie up to? Do you know?"

Steve shook his head. "We sorta lost touch after I told her. She didn't take it well. You know that whole 'get married and have kids'...well, that was her dream and she always figured I was the guy. But I wasn't."

Max laughed. "Yeah, I guess not."

After that, the conversation got a lot easier, looser. But after the third beer, Steve said he had to go home. They exchanged information and then Max sat back down. He could have gone home; he probably should have gone home. But he didn't. Instead, he ordered another beer and sat, smoking a cigarette and watching a couple play pool. The girl had long black hair and kept sweeping it over her shoulder. She was wearing a jean mini-skirt and a green halter top with a red bra underneath. She was hot. Max thought she kept looking over at him, but he wasn't sure. The guy she was with was nothing special and never seemed to get any closer than a foot from her. And, as far as Max could tell, he was more interested in the pool game than the girl.

Just as he was thinking of leaving, the girl walked over and bummed a cigarette. Max knocked two out of the pack, passed one to her, then lit them both.

"Thanks," she said.

"No problem," he said.

She stood there for a moment, seemingly with no intent to return to the game.

"So, what's going on with you, tonight?" she asked.

Max shrugged. "Not too much. Just what you see."

"I'm Danielle," she said.

"Max," Max said.

"Mind if I join you?" she asked.

"No, not at all," Max said. "But won't your boyfriend be pissed?"

Danielle gave him a puzzled look. "Boyfriend? Oh, you mean, Richard? Naw. He's not my boyfriend."

She sat and looked at him. They talked. Another beer arrived and then Richard wandered over. Turned out he was Danielle's roommate's boyfriend, but the roommate was out of town, so he and Danielle had come out to shoot a game or two of pool.

After a while, Max realized it was getting late and he'd have some explaining to do to Emily. He sent her a quick text to let her know he was on the way home, then started to get up to leave. He swayed a bit and Danielle reached out to steady him.

"Whoa, Max. How much did you have to drink?" she asked.

"I don't know. A few beers. Five, I think. But I'm fine. I gotta go home. My wife's gonna be upset."

"Yeah, I bet. But she'll be more upset if you get your ass put in jail. Look, Richard quit drinking a few hours ago and he only had one beer anyway. Why don't you let him drive you home?"

"Yeah, sure, but I live out in the burbs," Max said.

Danielle thought for a moment. "Okay, look, why don't we drive over to my apartment and I'll make you some coffee. We can chill out and listen to some music, get some dinner, and then you can head home..."

"But my wife..." Max began.

"Oh, fuck your wife! You're already in the doghouse with her. Come on and live a little! You can make it up to her later."

It had taken a little more persuading, but not much and before he knew it, Max was at home with Danielle. Richard, who had driven them there, had somehow disappeared, and they were alone. And it hadn't really taken much from there for things to really heat up. Max remembered looking down and seeing Danielle's head at his crotch, his cock in her mouth. It felt so good! Emily was a good lover, but there was something about a new lover...it had been too long...

And then he and Danielle were in bed. She was naked and he had his face buried in her pussy. She was shaved and so wet. She was writhing all over the bed, moaning and screaming, clutching his head between her legs, grinding her pussy into his mouth.

"Oh, yes. Fuck, yes! Eat my pussy. Oh yes," she screamed. Max's cock was jerking and leaking precum everywhere. Emily didn't like to make a lot of noise when they had sex, and Max hadn't really thought much about dirty talk until now. He loved it, he realized.

Fucking Danielle was ecstasy. As his cock sunk into her, she moaned and thrust upward at him. He buried his cock in her pussy and began to pound, aggressively, as she gripped his ass and pulled him into her. She reached around and put her finger against his asshole, and slowly slipped it in. He moaned and came quicker than he thought he was going to, Danielle's finger fucking his ass. No one had ever done that to him before and if anyone had asked he'd have said he didn't like it, but he did. He filled Danielle's pussy with cum and lay down on top of her, her legs wrapped around his back. He felt her milking his cock with her pussy muscles, her finger still in his ass. He kissed her and listened to her sighing and moaning.

It was a bad time to think about Emily, but he did. And even in the haze of just having fucked this hot young college student, Max felt the guilt creeping in. He rolled off Danielle and lay next to her.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," he said.

She looked over at him, then reached over to touch his chest, but he pushed her hand away. "Don't" was all he said. He lay like that for a long time. For a while, he knew she was watching him, but when he looked over at her, she was asleep. He must have drifted off himself, then. When he awoke it was 3 and he knew he was in deep shit.

And now he was sitting here, an hour later, in front of his house and he knew he'd have to go in and say something to Emily. Fuck! He didn't know what to say. He didn't even know why what had happened had happened. But, well, fuck it.

Max got out of the car and headed toward his front door.