 Gordon, carrying a large bottle of champagne, stepped inside Katia's front door and out the rain storm that raged outside. Flipping the latch into the locked position he then turned to face her and gave her a wink.

"We don't want any unwanted visitors. You know like other lovers, friends with benefits type, jealous boyfriends," he grinned.

Katia's face flushed. Even though it was a hot summer night, the temperature in the cottage just got hotter. Gordon had showered and changed into a pair of clean jeans and a white open collar shirt. He looked hot and smelled of expensive cologne while she, even though she had showered, had opted for white shorts and a pink blouse which made her feel like leftovers to his main course. However, he didn't seem to mind as he pulled her to him and kissed her firmly on her lips.

"I've missed you," he murmured.

"Gordon, it's only been three hours," she replied flatly trying not to let the warmth of his lips affect her.

"Seems like an eternity to me," he answered releasing her and making his way to the kitchen where found two flute glasses in the cupboard and poured the champagne into each. He then began to unpack the bags of sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, and egg roll placing the food on plates, gathering forks from a drawer, and setting them on the counter.

Katia watched somewhat in amazement. She wasn't sure about Gordon. He was like a thief in the night. He was there then he wasn't and in the process he was stealing her sanity and desperately hoped that was all he was taking from her.

"I'm starving," Gordon said diving into the food while Katia sipped her champagne eying him carefully.

"I wasn't sure you were coming back," she said coolly watching for his reaction.

Gordon didn't look up, but stuck his fork into the fried rice, "To be honest, I wasn't sure I was coming back."

Katia stopped short and pushed her auburn hair away from her eye with her hand. It wasn't a ploy, but out of habit when she was caught off guard. Feeling testy, she pushed him further.

"You could have called," she continued her coolness now turning to ice.

"I didn't want to spoil the surprise," Gordon said looking up between mouthfuls of egg roll and smiling. "This is delicious. You really should eat something. Champagne on an empty stomach isn't good for you so eat. Doctor's orders." He reached into his pocket and pulled out his cellphone. "I found it on the coffee table in my apartment when I got back. I'm on call at the hospital tonight so it's a necessity."

Katia pursed her lips and put the champagne glass down on the counter. The food did smell good and even though she didn't know if he was telling her the truth about the cellphone or not, she was willing to let it ride until after they ate.

"So how did you get back here?" she asked biting into an egg roll.

Gordon wiped his face with a paper napkin, "The guy who towed my bike dropped me off at my place. I drove the Mercedes here."

Katia almost choked on her food, "Mercedes?"

"Yup," Gordon answered then leaned forward to within inches of her face. "And it's paid for."

Katia gulped. She had a Toyota Corolla with two more years' worth of payments before it was hers and it was a struggle.

"I guess being a doctor pays well," she muttered.

"Very well," he replied.

Katia caught herself. "I didn't mean......"her voice trailed.

Gordon dismissed her. "It's a fact. I have my own practice and it pays well. Just like you have a hot body and you use it well. It's all semantics my dear."

Katia could have slapped him for the remark, but the way he looked at her with those dark eyes stopped her cold. Damn, he was handsome and smart, a combination she couldn't resist.

"Thanks. I think," she said before returning to her food.

"Listen, I'm sure I'm not telling you anything you don't know," Gordon said slyly. "You have a great body and you carry yourself well. Very classy. I like that," he added. "And you work as a librarian, not too shabby. You're very smart and sexy." He grinned again that devilish smile that drew her to him.

Katia finished her glass of champagne. "Now that the mutual admiration society is now in session I can honestly say that you're very good sexually as well."

"I was hoping you'd notice. More champagne?" he asked reaching for the bottle.

"And humble," she murmured.

"Point taken," he chuckled as he poured both another glass of the bubbly.

The banter would have continued, but a clap of thunder tore through the sky followed by a bolt of lightning. The lights flickered, dimmed then went out.

"How convenient," Gordon said.

"I have some candles in the drawer. I'll get them," Katia said and began to walk away.

Before she had taken two steps, Gordon grabbed her by the arm and drew her into him, "Don't bother. Sometimes I do my best work in the dark," he said kissing her deeply again.

His kiss was luxurious and filled with passion which was something Katia had missed with her other lovers. She could tell that he enjoyed kissing her and it wasn't just a mandatory prelude to sex.

"Mmmmmm," she found herself sighing.

He kissed her again. This time probing her mouth with his tongue darting back and forth urging her to do the same. She in turn ran her fingers through his black hair and he pulled her closer to him grabbing her ass cheeks with his hands.

"Now this is nice," he whispered, but she didn't respond. "Don't you think so?"

"You could have called," she whispered back stiffening as she spoke.

Gordon thought for a moment. He already knew Katia wasn't easy. The hot sexy librarian had rules. He wasn't used to rules and it was a new concept for him. She also had expectations. He didn't have any expectation of himself except to perform at a moment's notice. She was either afraid that he wouldn't come back or hoping he that he didn't come back. Another new concept. Maybe she didn't want him as much as he wanted her.

"I can always go back home and call you, if that's what you want," he said dryly.

"Do you want to go home and try it again?" she asked testing him.

Damn, she was good. Never give a guy an inch. That was her motto. He did try again.

"That would be wasting time, now wouldn't it?"

Katia licked her lips. He had just blocked her red queen from moving on the chess board. Check and mate. He played the game well.

"As long as you're here, you might as well stay," she tried to sound nonchalant, but the thundering in her chest told a different story.

He slapped her ass with his hand, "Thanks for the ego boost, Hon."

Katia would have protested the slap, but it tingled turning her on. "Anytime babe."

Gordon ran his hands along the length of her body. In the dark, her curves were accentuated as he hungrily traversed the slopes and valleys of who she was as a woman. She felt amazingly good. The softness of her body pressed against his was driving him to want to do lusty sexual things to her and the hardening of his cock concurred. She didn't pull away this time, but stayed there allowing his hands to travel over her supple body exploring every inch of it. His touch was hypnotizing. She couldn't move nor did she want to as his hands rested on her breasts, lingered for a moment then glided to her waist, and over her hips. It was if he was making love to her without penetrating her, but then again maybe he was penetrating her. He was getting into her head probing, seeking to discover what turned her on and what didn't. It was deliciously sensual and she had to pace her breathing so as not to let him know how much he was affecting her and again, it didn't work.

"I know you want me Katia," he breathed sliding his hand between her legs to feel the wetness in the crotch of her shorts. "You can't fake that. I know you do."

"I never said I didn't want you," she said trying to defend herself and pulled away. "I'm going to light a couple of candles. I can't see anything and the power might be out for hours.

A clap of thunder rumbled through the cottage causing the structure to tremble and quake.

"My feelings exactly," Gordon mumbled to himself as she left to get the candles.

A few moments later, the living room lit up with a soft buttery glow. Katia's silhouette as she lit each candle looked like an angel if an angel could look sexy and demure at the same time. Her auburn hair fell over her shoulders like a waterfall cascading down her back. The sensuous mounds of her breasts and the curves of her hips were intensified with every move she made. Even though she was dressed casually and barefoot, to him she was almost dreamlike, yet when she smiled at him, he knew she was real. Her sensuality drew him like a siren that he couldn't resist.

"Come to me," he said firmly, his voice husky with desire.

Katia stood for a moment in the light of the candle that she had placed on the end table near the sofa. Her chest heaved and her palms began to sweat knowing that if she gave into him there was no turning back. A one-time encounter could be explained away, a moment of passion that was fleeting and would never last. The second time with Gordon wouldn't be as easy to forget and she was afraid that she would want him more. That came dangerously close to an emotional attachment which was something she avoided at all costs, but with Gordon she wasn't sure what she wanted. He confused and excited her at the same time. His body called to her. His voice lured her. He was everything she wanted and it scared her to death.

"Katia," he said her name again this time soft and low, "Come to me."

She looked at him as if in a daze. She didn't remember telling her body to move, it just did like some invisible force that was pushing her from the inside. Her eyes met his and she melted into him pressing her body against his. He in turn wrapped his arms around her waist and kissed her neck inhaling her essence.

"So damn sexy," he whispered in her ear.

Katia could feel her heart begin to pound. It was going to happen again. He was going to do whatever he wanted to do to her and she wasn't going to be able to stop him. He kissed her neck again and she softly moaned.

"So good Katia. It's so good with you, but you know that don't you baby. That's what's scaring you. It's that good between us," his voice deep and seductive. "Don't be afraid of it. Just let it happen."

He brushed his cheek against hers until he reached her lips then gave her a deep long kiss that fueled her passion with a fire that burned so hot that it sizzled. The feel of her body was tantalizing against his as he unbuttoned her top exposing the soft mounds of her breasts. He ran his palms over her nipples and they hardened at his touch. She moaned again and let out a sigh. She wouldn't be able to hold out much longer and he knew it. He pinched her nipples with his finger and thumb pulling at the nubs until they formed hardened peaks. His cock responded by pushing against his jeans begging to be released.

"Why don't we take this into the bedroom? I'm told I have a great bedside manner," he whispered pinching her nipples harder.

Katia wanted to say something witty, something to counteract his, but her mind was in a fog absorbed in his touch, his lips, his breathing and the hardness of his cock pressed against her stomach so all she could manage was a throaty, "Alright." Instinctively she took his hand and picking up a lit candle from the kitchen counter, she led Gordon down the hall to her bedroom. The room looked like an oasis with its blue coverlet as a life-saving anchor that would keep them both from drowning in each other and as she placed the lit candle on the night stand she turned to Gordon who had already begun to unbutton his shirt removing it and tossing it on the floor. His body was fit, toned, and oozed sexiness. Katia ran her hands over his chest allowing her fingers to feel the tautness of his muscles. Gordon went to unbuckled his belt, but she stopped him.

"Let me do it," she said pushing away his hands.

"I never argue with a lady," he chuckled as she undid his belt and unzipped his jeans.

Wearing no underwear, his cock and balls nearly fell out into her hands. She grabbed his cock and squeezed it until the head bulged and a small drop of precum oozed from it.

"Ah Katia, that feels so incredibly good," he said watching her hand pump his cock up and down. His thighs tensed when with her other hand, she fondled his balls that were filling with cum and he clenched his teeth with the electrifying sensation that shot through him.

"Yes, that's the way I like it," he said taking a deep breath. "I want more."

Before Katia could gather herself, Gordon had kicked off his shoes, pulled down his jeans, and stepped out of them to stand naked in front of her with his thick hard cock now dripping precum. He then took off Katia's blouse and tossed it over his shoulders. Next he pulled down her shorts and once off tossed them to the side as well. She didn't protest. She couldn't. He wasn't going to give her a second to think about what he was going to do to her. He was just going to do it -- his way.

"Get on the bed on your hands and knees," he directed.

Katia's body began to tingle with the anticipation of what was to come. Without saying a word, she climbed on the bed on her hands and knees with her ass jutting up towards him. Feeling his cock jump at the sight, Gordon slid his finger in her clit pushing it in and out.

"Nice and wet. Juicy and so very hot," he said as she moaned.

He grabbed his cock in his hand, stroked it a couple of times to maximize its hardness before inserting the head into her entrance.

"Is this what you want?" He asked sliding his cock in deeper. "Is this what my baby needs?"

Katia all but cried her response, "Yes! Yes give it to me."

Gordon needed nor further urging and drove inside her penetrating deep into Katia's swollen folds, the heat of her pussy drawing on his cock. He pulled back only to push in again his balls slapping against her ass as he did. He couldn't get enough of the tight wetness and drove in deeper as if there were no end to the sensation that she could give him. He held her hips firmly as he plummeted inside her pussy. Katia grabbed the blue coverlet with her fingers digging deep into the fabric and threw back her head as her breasts bounced with each thrust Gordon made. He leaned forward running his hands up along her back then slipped his fingers under her belly where he could pull at her nipples twisting them with his fingers. "Damn, your body is hot," was all he could muster as she began to buck against him impaling herself on his shaft. He placed his hands back on her hips and rode her over and over again. With the cum in his balls rising up his shaft, he reached under and rubbed her clit and she cried out in exquisite agony.

"You have to stop! I'm going to cum if you don't. Please!" she begged.

"Oh, but baby, that's what I want," he said his breathing labored. "I want you to cum. I want you cum with me."

She shook her head and cried out again, "I won't last that long."

Gordon grit his teeth and began to pump harder and harder.

"C'mon on baby. Let it go," he growled. "I'll cum with you. Just do it."

Katia bit her lip as she ground on his cock. Her body heat rose and she began to sweat. She couldn't think, couldn't rationalize what was happening to her. Her breath came in short spurts as she finally exploded on his cock driving her mind senseless with the power of her own orgasm.

"Oh God, I'm cumming," she cried out as wave after wave of electrical orgasmic energy shot through her body and her juices dripped down his cock and onto his balls.

Gordon loudly growled again. With his teeth gritted, he pounded his cock inside her until his own orgasm ejected his hot cream from the head of his cock searing her insides. His thighs shook and every muscle in his body tensed as he shot stream after stream of white thick cum inside of her, the sensation overwhelming his senses.

"Damn it woman," was all he could say as the last drops of his cream filled her. Physically spent he collapsed on top of her forcing her down on the bed then rolled over to one side so his weight wouldn't crush her. "That was fucking fantastic."

All Katia could do was lick her lips and nod in agreement. No words could express how she felt, how wonderfully spent she was, and how fully satiated. It was nothing short of mind blowing and it took her several moments to process before reality slowly began to invade the space in her mind to realize that Gordon was doing the same thing while trying to catch his breath in the process. Finally as if on cue, Gordon's cellphone rang in the other room.

"Crap," he muttered. "I've got to get this."

He rose from the bed leaving Katia still lying on her stomach. She could hear him speaking on the phone then heard the words, "I'm on my way" and she rolled over onto her back. Gordon returned to the room, grabbed his clothes, and dressed quickly.

"Emergency?" she managed to ask propping herself up on her elbows.

"Yea, it's the hospital. There's been an accident. In this weather I'm not surprised it didn't happen earlier. Luckily it didn't happen when we were....you know....getting busy," he winked.

"Dr. Gordon by injection only. No appointment needed," Katia giggled.

He leaned over and kissed her quickly on the lips, "That's my girl. I like your attitude," he said before he left her bedroom and headed towards the door then stopped. "Next time I promise to call," he said closing the door behind him.

Katia fell back on the bed and let out a deep sigh. He did it again. So much for afterglow she thought. She licked the dryness from her lips. She needed to think. She needed to sort out her feelings. Most of all, she needed a drink. She stumbled naked into the kitchen, grabbed the bottle of champagne, but instead of pouring the contents into a glass, she took a swig straight from the bottle. The good doctor was going to be the death of her yet. Another clap of thunder roared through the house and she padded back to the bedroom with the champagne bottle in hand.