 "OMG! Is that a dildo? Why are you bringing that? Who are we going camping with?" Heather couldn't help blushing a little bit. She knew that her friend Tabitha was seeing a boy, but she didn't think they were serious enough to be having sex yet. Although, that didn't seem to matter to anyone else in the dorms. Heather seemed to be the only one not sneaking boys up into her dorm room on a nightly basis. It hadn't been from a lack of trying on the boys' part; she had been too busy with her first year away from home and school. Heather had always been popular with boys. Her fit, toned body was not only useful for her rec league soccer, but she also got plenty of attention by the pool. Her heavy c-cups and impossibly rounded 18 year old ass made sure of that. She knew she was pretty, but didn't want to just hook up with the first guy that paid her any attention. It was her freshman year at college, and she had plenty of time for that later. Right now, she was just trying to get ready for her first round of finals for the semester and was going to have one last fun weekend before those all too important tests. 

"Relax Heather, nothing will probably happen on the trip, but it doesn't hurt for a girl to come prepared does it?" Tabitha grinned sheepishly as she dropped a handful of condoms into her bag. 

"So, is your boyfriend coming?"

"Well, I don't know if he's exactly my boyfriend yet, but yeah, Matt's coming. I hope you don't mind, his friend Jake is coming too." Tabitha brightened, "I've only met him once, but he's really hot. Do you think you'll need some condoms too?"

Heather was a little shocked by her friend's directness. "Uhh no, probably not. This Jake guy, he's not expecting anything is he? I don't even know him yet."

"Relax there Virgin Mary, he's a nice guy. I'm sure you'll hit it off just fine. This is going to be so much fun." Tabitha studied Heather. "Are you okay? You seem nervous."

"Yeah it's just, I don't know this guy and I'm going to be stuck with him all weekend. We only have two tents right? I just don't want to fight him off all weekend."

"Heather, relax, this is college. People are having sex everywhere, all the time. If you don't want to, it won't be a big deal. You and I will just share a tent anyway."

"What about you and Matt? I don't want to ruin your camping trip."

"Matt knows the deal. I told him I didn't want to come unless you could come too." This made Heather smiled. She knew that she was lucky to have a friend like Tabitha looking out for her. If it wasn't for her, Heather might not have made any friends. Sometimes girls were bitchy towards her in high school, she thought they might have been jealous of her looks, but that wasn't a problem with Tabitha. She had a very seductive look in her eyes that Heather knew drove boys crazy. Her body was a little thicker than hers, but in the right places. She wore her curves well. She smiled sexily, "We're going to have a great time. You're not weirded out by my dildo are you? Sometimes Matt likes to watch me use it."

"No, I guess that's fine. I've just never seen one up close before." Heather's eyes betrayed her as she studied the sex toy. She was still technically a virgin and was curious what it would feel like. Tabitha noticed.

"I like this one; it's not too big, but it definitely does the trick." It looked huge compared to the boys Heather had seen in high school. It was always dark and she had just used her hands on them and one time she went down on a baseball player at homecoming, but he came so fast that she didn't even remember what his dick looked like. "Do you want to try it?"

"Are you serious?"

"Sure, let's have some fun." Before she could object, Tabitha leaned forward and kissed her seductively, darting her tongue into her friend's mouth. Heather had never kissed a girl before, but she could see how she could like it. Warmth surged through her body, but her pussy quivered and begged for attention. It was on fire. She had felt desire before, but never like this.

She dreamily answered, "Okay." Tabitha licked her lips and smiled. She was enjoying this too. Tabitha gently pushed her onto the bed and pulled off her shorts and panties. Heather felt almost drunk with desire, the moment was almost an out of body experience.

"Let's see if we can get you ready." Tabitha purred as she buried her face in Heather's snatch. This was a first for her, but she thought it was not for Tabitha. Heather's eyes rolled in the back of her head as her body convulsed. She grabbed the back of Tabitha's head as she bucked up and down, grinding her vagina against the eager tongue and mouth. Tabitha worked Heather's clit with her hands until she exploded with sexual release. The sensation was unlike any Heather had experienced before. Her face felt flush, and her body went limp. Tabitha rose with her face soaked. "A body like that, with a shaved pussy, and a squirter? No wonder you're nervous about hooking up. No guy would ever leave you alone would they?" She smiled as she displayed the sex toy. "Well, you're definitely ready. Let's get this bad boy ready too."

Heather watched Tabitha's technique as she proceeded to get the dildo ready. She fellated it slowly and then took the entire length of it down her throat. Watching her friend deep throat the phallus almost set Heather off again. She hungrily raised her hips. 

Tabitha's cell phone rang. She answered it, and Heather felt her world crashing down. "Okay we're going to need a few more minutes, and then we'll be down, okay?" She hung up the phone. "That was the boys waiting for us downstairs." She put the sex toy back in her bag. "I guess you'll have to try this out some other time."

The ride to the campgrounds was long and squirmy for Heather. She tried to hide how hot and bothered she had gotten from Tabitha earlier that morning. It didn't help either that both Matt and Jake were so good looking and were definitely eyeing her. It wasn't unusual for Heather to feel like boys were undressing her with their eyes, but she didn't seem to mind so much from those two. Matt drove with Tabitha sitting up front. Jake sat in the back with Heather. Since they were camping, no one was really dressed up, but they all had athletic builds and looked sexy in their shorts and t-shirts to Heather. Matt had a slender swimmer's body and Jake was more muscled up. Heather wasn't sure if she was into guys with big muscles, but his confident smile did him plenty of favors. She hoped that the boys didn't get an idea of how worked up she really was, or this could be a long weekend.

Once they got to the campsite things started to settle down for Heather. The two hour car ride had relaxed her somewhat, the talk had been casual and fun. The four of them shared a few joints and got relaxed. Luckily the boys were pretty experienced outdoorsmen and had plenty of food and all the supplies ready to go, so they didn't have to make any stops and the ride went smooth. Their experience also made setting up camp a breeze as well. The boys spared them of any 'pitching a tent' jokes and set up a nice spot underneath an overhanging cliff about a mile from the waterfall that was a popular spot for camping. Matt explained that they wanted to be pretty close to the waterfall, but not so close that they would be around other campers. Plus, the sky was threatening rain, so being underneath the cliff was a smart idea. 

It was nearly suppertime by the time they got settled into camp and by then all four were really comfortable with each other. Heather was relieved that the two boys seemed kind and was looking 

forward to getting to know Jake better especially. He wasn't boastful or gross like a lot of the boys at school. He didn't give off that entitled frat boy vibe that was a huge turnoff for Heather. She liked the artsy quiet boys best, but a good looking jock that smiled when he talks goes a long way too.

After a dinner of pasta and wine, Heather was amazed by what the experienced campers could do with a campsite, the four of them sat by the fire. Heather enjoyed the stories and jokes of the group. It turned her on to see the fire dance in Tabitha's eyes, but Tabitha had other ideas. She was cuddled up under a blanket with Matt. The two of them looked pretty happy to have the blanket to cover up whatever fun they were having with Jake and her watching. 

Tabitha gave her a blanket as well to get warm. Jake sat next to her. By the time that he had shivered for the third time, Heather finally took the hint and asked him to join her under the blanket.

Drinks, joints, jokes, and beers were passed and shared for the next hour or so. As the night wore on, everyone got a little more drunk and high. As Jake drank, he got more quiet. The quieter he got, the farther his hand snuck up Heather's leg. Heather remembered how great it felt to be touched by Tabitha, but this was even better. It was clumsier, but it was also a slower sweeter seduction. When he had first caressed her thigh, she had given him a smile to encourage him to go on. Eventually, once everyone was a little too drunk and high to care what she was doing, Heather slowly ran her hand over the bulge in his pants.

It caught her by surprise by the sheer girth and heaviness of his cock. She had heard other girls talk about different guys being well endowed, but Jake seemed like he was on a different scale. It wasn't extraordinarily long, but it was as thick around as her forearm. She gulped nervously as she ran her hand over his shorts and along the shaft. He closed his eyes in pleasure when she toyed with the head. Heather felt the now familiar rush of blood to her pussy. She eagerly wanted to fuck, but something was holding her back. She barely knew the boys and the thing with Tabitha earlier that day was just some fun playing around for both of them. She stroked Jake's cock again and understood why he had that quiet confidence that had been such a turn-on for her. 

Eventually she had to stop. She didn't want to be too much of a tease, and she wasn't really sure if she wanted to go any farther. She liked Jake, but she wanted her first time to be special. After she stopped, they both sat awkwardly watching Tabitha and Matt grope at each other under the blanket while they kept some semblance of conversation going It turned Heather on a little watching Tabitha with Matt. She fantasized that in a few months she probably would want to try a three way with them. It would be perfect, she knows that Tabitha wouldn't get weird about seeing her with Matt, and she would probably get another shot at Tabitha too.

After a prolonged lull, Heather excused herself to the woods to pee. She was a little drunker than she realized and stumbled to a tree. After peeing, Heather returned to the campsite to find no one there. She guessed it was bedtime for everyone. That was just as well, after hiking, drinking, and being horny all day, she was pretty beat. 

Heather crawled into the tent and felt around. Tabitha was definitely not in the tent. Heather was not surprised that Tabitha dropped the whole 'girls in one tent, boys in the other' routine after the way she and Matt were acting at the campfire. Jake's strong hands reached out and held Heather by the shoulders.

"Hey there." He said dreamily as he went in for a kiss.

She returned the kiss with passion and felt his muscular chest. She wasn't sure if he was nude, but he definitely had his shirt off. "Hi." There was a subtle hint of hesitation in her voice.

"You okay?"

"Yeah, it's just, I don't know if you should be here. I like you and all, but we hardly know one another."

"I get it. We don't have to do anything you don't want to. You're in charge. Doesn't mean I won't suggest or ask about some things, but you being comfortable means more. Okay?"

This relaxed Heather some. She knew that some boys would say anything to get a girl like her in bed, but maybe Jake was one of the good ones. "Okay. Let's go slow. I haven't done very much like this before." She had done none of this before, but she was embarrassed to admit it for some reason that she couldn't pinpoint. She slid underneath the opened sleeping bag to find a very nude Jake. Excitement shot through her when she felt his rock hard body and throbbing dick pressed up against her. She could see the silhouette of his smile as he wrapped his arms around her. They began to kiss deeply and passionately. Jake's hands slowly felt every part of her body that he could reach. He was just as interested in the back of her knees as he had been her breasts. 

He caressed and kissed her for a long time. Eventually, he said "Let's take some of these clothes off." It wasn't a question. Heather was so worked up that she decided then that she was definitely going to go all the way. She realized then that a first time was just that, the first time. She didn't know why she had waited so long for Prince Charming. No guy was ever going to be perfect. Jake was cute, sweet, and turned her on. She slowly and seductively removed her clothes. Jake never broke eye contact with her. He laid on his back with his hands behind his head, relaxed, confident. This wasn't his first time for sure. Heather greedily eyed his cock. She had only went down on one boy in high school. All of the other dicks she had been around had all been rush hand jobs at parties or in the back of some Japanese car where the boy just wanted to get off before someone busted in the room or a cop caught them. This time she could take her time and enjoy herself. She thought of Tabitha deep throating that dildo. It felt like years ago, but had in reality only been that morning. 

Heather took his meaty cock into her mouth and immediately moaned with desire. She had never had one that big in her mouth before. She tried to relax her throat to take it deep like Tabitha had earlier, but it made her gag. Jake didn't seem to mind. She couldn't believe how hard his cock was. She worked his shaft up and down with her hand while sexily licking the tip. His eyes rolled into the back of his head. Jake grabbed her by the side of the head and began to gently pump his hips, slowly face fucking her. Heather couldn't believe how easy it had come to her. With so little experience, she was able to keep up with the far more experienced Jake. He continued to pump away. Heather couldn't wait to get him inside of her. Her pussy ached for the fucking that he could give her. Jake groaned loudly and pulled his thick cock out of her eager mouth and came all over her tits. Both looked into each other's eyes as they caught their breath. Heather wanted to say something sexy, but the only thing that came to mind was, "Wow!" It had been a lot of cum. She dipped her finger into the sperm on her chest and tasted it in front of him. 

He smirked, "Now it's my turn." Jake rag doll threw her onto her back and began licking and pinching her cunt. It was an entirely different technique than the one Tabitha had used on her earlier, not better or worse, just different. He held her in place by gripping her ass and pulling his face into her snatch. He was forceful and rough. She loved it.

Jake worked his fingers into her pussy. This was nice, but she wished that he would work her clit more like Tabitha had. He started to use his tongue on the clit and she felt like she was about to cum when he slid another finger into her ass. This was somewhat of a surprise. She swatted that hand away. "No, not there." She said as she grabbed the back of his head and ground her muff on his face. Despite the slight annoyance with his probing fingers, she came hard and squirted into his face. Heather trembled with release and relaxed until she looked and saw Jake kneeling in front of her spread legs with a new hard-on.

He smiled his confident smile as he entered her. She whispered, "Go slow at first okay?" Jake obliged and gave her a long, smooth stroke. It hurt at first. She loved his big cock, but she kind of wished that her first had been a smaller one, too late for that now. Eventually, the pain subsided and Heather could see what all the hype had been about. Feeling the tensing and weight of his muscles turned her on as Jake plowed into her. He picked up speed and she began to moan. He was now on his knees with her legs in the air as he jackhammered her pussy. She reached up and clawed at his chest as she came again. He groped again for her butt, but she waved him off again as she came. She did admire his persistence.

She rolled over and climbed on top of him. As she slowly slid onto and rocked on his swollen member, he smiled at her. "You sure you don't want to try some ass play? A lot of girls like it."

Heather was surprised by the twang of jealousy she felt. A lot of girls? "No, not this time. Maybe next time. This is all pretty new to me."

"You seem to be enjoying yourself."

She moaned as she came again. "Yes!" After she came, he rolled her over and put her up on her knees. He grabbed her aerobicized ass and hips and began fucking her doggy style. Heather had now experienced a few different positions, but doggy style surprised her how much she liked it. His cock just went so deep. She was also able to free a hand to work her clit, and she came again. This time she screamed as he grunted and came a heavy thick load in her.

The next morning was cool and crisp. Heather had woken up next to a snoozing Jake, both were still naked and she had detected a slight smile on his face. She put on some fresh clothes and came out of the tent to find Tabitha sitting by a new campfire. "Here, I brought this for you. The boys can drink campfire coffee, but I think it's nasty, so I brought us a few bottled Frappuccino mochas."

"Oh, thanks."

"Sure." Tabitha took a big sip and smiled. "Well, you two got off to a good start."

Heather returned the smile. "Yeah, I guess we did. Did you hear us?"

"I think China heard you." She laughed. "Hearing you two go at it inspired Matt and I for a second go around, so cheers to that." They clinked bottles. "So, what do you think of Jake?"

"He seems nice."

"Nice? That's all you have to say about him?"

"No, he's really cute too."

"C'mon!"

Heather laughed. "Fine, he's sexy as shit, and I can't wait to suck his fat cock again."

"Fat one? That's a nice surprise." Tabitha looked off into the distance. "Fat ones always hurt at first don't they?" She looked wistfully at the campfire as she knowingly nodded to herself. "Do you think you guys are going to be a couple?"

"I dunno, probably not. He is nice and sexy, and I wouldn't mind dating him some, but he doesn't seem to have any of the same interests as me."

"Well, you're in college. It's perfectly acceptable to have a fuck buddy here and there."

"Yeah, I guess so. Is Matt sleeping too?" Heather hoped that they could change the uncomfortable relationship talk back to small talk.

"No he got up before me. That man is amazing. We can screw all night drunk, and he'll get up chipper at the crack of dawn. It's really annoying. He's probably out trapping a bear or trying to screw a native girl or something." 

"Tell me more about these native girls." Heather faked a sexy smile and they both laughed. They finished their drinks, ate a little granola for breakfast, brushed their teeth, and thankfully discussed everything but Jake. Heather felt a little guilty about Jake. She had just basically used him to get off, and felt a little guilty for treating him like a piece of meat. She didn't think she loved him, but she did think she loved fucking him. She decided she would have to do it at least once more to make sure. She didn't think he had real feelings for her, but she had to think of a way to prepare herself for that in case he did. Heather made sure that she took her birth control pill. She started taking the pills when she was fifteen to help her with her periods. Her parents had always assumed that she was sexually active, and wanted her to be careful. She didn't think being on the pill was an excuse to sleep with boys in high school, but now that she was in college... Who knows? If it was going to be as good as last night even some of the times, then Heather might be ready to experiment more.
