 This was way back, 50 years ago. Everything costs more now but, of course, everyone makes a lot more now. So this isn't in today's terms but those of the 1950's. But it's true. Well, parts of it are true.

I finished my Army service, never even shipped out to Korea. Got a job, started earning a little money. Not a lot but it kept getting a little better. Then I got a bonus at about the same time several friends were going to Vegas for the weekend. They had reserved a room but I was an add on so I ended up getting my own room in the same hotel. Cheap. Back then the money was all made from gambling. You could eat for a couple dollars at several good buffets. You could watch good shows by just sitting in the lounge and having a drink. No cover charge. And if you gambled, girls came around and gave you free drinks. I guess they figured drunks lost money faster than sober people. 

There were four of us guys, all in our twenties. All of us getting slightly snockered. Maybe more than slightly. We ended up in this bar. It was connected to some small hotel but it didn't have gambling. One of the guys said that this was the place to pick up girls. Hookers. Well, he was right. There were fairly many good looking girls around and when we talked to them we learned that we could hire them. Blow jobs. Quick fucks. All nighters. Whatever. 

We had driven from L.A. It was late. Maybe three in the morning by now. We were pretty drunk. The dollar amounts we heard were high. Higher than we figured we could afford. $50 for a blow job. $300 for an all nighter. We went back to the hotel and went to bed. None of us were virgins but none of us were all that world wise either. I had never, maybe none of us had ever, paid for sex. And when we talked the next day we decided that the girls left there at 3 am the night before probably weren't the cream of the crop anyway. The best ones had been hired. Or else these ones had already been on quickies with a couple guys and were, well, used. Not fresh. So we ate breakfast at about lunch time, moved around and learned more about things in Vegas, and then went to an early show. 

The stage was full of beautiful women with fabulous bodies, all of them about two-thirds naked. Now, if we could get one of them then it might be worth the kind of money we heard the night before. So we started trying to figure out how we could get at the show girls. A bell boy told us that we could pretty much forget it. Most of them were married, lived with their husbands at home, even had kids. If any were available, it would be a high roller that would get them. Someone with thousands to spare, maybe even more. We ate dinner at a buffet. Then the guys decided they wanted to gamble. I don't know why but I'm not a gambler. Too cheap to toss good money away like that. And smart enough to know that in the long run, no one beats Vegas. So I watched them for awhile and left. I watched Louis Prima and Keely Smith. Really good and it only cost me two drinks as I sat there for the whole show.

For Vegas it was still early, maybe nine o'clock. Since I had nothing better to do I went back to the bar where the hookers were. My bonus was $250. I had about another $200 that I had saved up. So I figured that I could pay for a blow job and still have plenty left. And it probably would cost me less than the other guys would lose at the crap table anyway. I had never had a blow job as such. I had dated a girl fairly often and ended up eating her and her sucking me off as well as fucking a lot. I was even still thinking about maybe marrying her. But I'd never had just a straight blow job, let alone a professional one.

I got a draft beer and stood at the bar and looked around the room. I didn't look carefully and as soon as I saw this one girl, I went over to her. She looked like one of the show girls. Well made up. Terrific body and dressed to show it. I told her that I was interested in a blow job. She looked at me with almost a sneer.

"A blow job. Just a blow job, just like that. Well, kid, I'll send Marie over." And she walked away. I felt like shit. What did I do. Obviously I had done something wrong. I mean, she sneered at me and called me kid. She didn't want anything to do with me. I went back to the bar and stood there and sipped my beer. This nice looking girl came over to me. 

"Hi," she said. "I understand you're interested in some sex."

Why would the one woman sneer at me and this one come up to me? She was just as attractive as the other one. Probably younger. A very nice body. A face that was probably more cute and girl-next-door than beautiful but certainly someone more attractive than anyone I had ever dated on my own. More attractive than the girl I'm thinking of marrying.

"Well, yeah, I am. And I can't imagine anyone I'd rather be with than you. You're really lovely. But why did that other one treat me like there's something wrong with me.?"

She grinned. "That's Tiffany. You asked about a blow job. Tiffany would prefer to only do all nighters. In fact, she'd prefer to become a rich guys mistress. She doesn't want to bother with small jobs. Truth is, you're better off. She doesn't really like guys much. She does what she needs to, to earn money, but she gives as little as she can get away with."

I smiled. "But you like guys."

She smiled back. "Yeah, I do. I like sex. It's probably a drawback for me but the truth is I'm a little over sexed, always a little horny."

"And you give blow jobs."

"Sure. And I'll enjoy it. You're a good looking young guy, it ought to be fun."

"Do you do more?"

"Honey, I'll do just about anything that might interest you and have a good time doing it."

"Well, I'd love to spend a lot of time with you, I'm sure I'd like it a lot, You're very good looking and seem to have a great body. But I don't have a whole lot of money, which is why I asked about a blow job. I understand they're in my price range."

"I'm Marie, what's your name?"

"Jake."

"Jake, the going rate for a blow job is $50. We can do it in a booth in the back and it'll take five minutes, tops. The going rate for an all nighter is $300 and for that we go back to your room and you'll cum as often as you can. I'll give you a blow job if you want and then we can fuck as often as you can. Ten times if you can manage it, although nobody can. But an all nighter is actually a better buy. You get a lot more than six times a five minute blow job."

"Well, yeah. But $300."

"Jake, I know I'll have a helluva night with you. You're sober, young, attractive, well built. How about a discount?"

"Marie, I'd love to spend the night with you and I do have a hotel room. What kind of discount are you talking about?"

:Well, I should say, what can you afford? But it's going to be a slow night just like last night. So almost anything is better than nothing. How about $200?"

I put my arms around her, pulled her close and kissed her. She kissed me back, just like she wanted to. "Sold!" I told her. I mean, I have a $250 bonus, which will pay for Marie and the hotel room and I'll still have the rest of my money. I can actually afford this.

We left the bar and headed to my hotel, which wasn't far. Then I had a thought. "Do I need some rubbers?"

'No, I have plenty."

We got to my room. "I've never done this before. What's the best way to go from here?"

"Jake, we might as well both get naked and pull the comforter back on the bed" She took a package of rubbers out of her purse and set them on the little table next to the bed. She put her purse on a chair, stepped out of her shoes, reached back of her and unzipped a little, and pulled her dress up over her head. She had on a bra but no panties and I couldn't see any hair down between her legs. She reached behind her and unfastened her bra and took it off. Everything went neatly on the chair. She's standing there naked, looking at me.

'Marie, you're beautiful. You have a fantastic body. Really terrific tits. No flab at all, lovely legs, great ass, and you're even pretty. What are you doing this for? You could get any guy you wanted, I would think."

"Jake, take your clothes off. I'm doing this because I like it. I got in trouble at home because I liked sex too much so I figured I might as well earn my living doing what I like. Isn't that what all the books tell you, do what you really like?" I was too slow. She unfastened my belt and zipped down my fly as I took off my shirt. She pulled my pants down, my underwear with it, as I pulled off my undershirt. "Wow," she said, reaching for my cock and wrapping her fingers around it, "I'm going to enjoy tonight, I can tell. Now step out of your pants and underwear." I did that while she grasped my cock and moved her hand on it. "You wanted a blow job, so let me start with that," she said as she started to kneel down.

"No," I said, putting my hands under her armpits and lifting her back up. "I want to start by holding you and feeling you and kissing you. I want to enjoy your perfect body before we get on to anything more."

"O.k., I'll like that, too. But when we start, I need to start sucking you off because you're going to cum quick. Then when we get you up again you'll last a lot longer as we're fucking." 

I put my arms around her and held her close and leaned down to kiss her. She kissed back, like the best date I'd ever had with a girl. I picked her up and carried her to the bed and lay down next to her and kissed her again as I moved my hands up and down her back, feeling her lovely ass as I did it. She did the same to me, finally moving her one hand between us to grasp my cock again, which was about as hard as it could get by now. Then she started kissing my face, my neck, my shoulders, then down onto my chest, One hand kept hold of my cock as the other moved ahead of her kisses, feeling my body. She licked both of my nipples, then sort of slid around to a different position as both hands got to my cock. Her lips followed. 

She fondled my balls as she licked up one side of my cock and then the other. She licked around the head then moved down to kiss my balls and suck on them, first one and then the other. Then back up to my cock. She spread her mouth open and got her lips over the head, her tongue working inside her mouth. One hand continued sort of playing with my balls as her other hand held my cock tight and moved up to meet her lips. She then lowered her hand, sliding it down my cock again as her lips followed, her tongue licking around inside on me.

It was like she was masturbating me with both her hand and her lips, up and down over and over, slowly at first and then faster. She lifted her head free of me and looked up at me. I could see a string of saliva running from the head of my cock to her lips. She continued to jack me off with her hand. "Jake you have a truly great cock. Just beautiful and sexy and delicious." Then she got her lips around it again and took most of it into her mouth. I could feel everything happening, her tongue licking me, her mouth sucking on me, her lips moving and her hand moving in tandem. I could feel my inside starting to react.

She lifted her head free again and used her hand to grab the base of my cock really hard, squeezing it. "I like this, Jake, I don't want you to cum yet, I want to get a little more of you before this ends." She kisses my abdomen, all around my cock, onto my thighs, then looks up at me and grins and gets her face back over me and her lips around me and starts over again, licking and sucking. I don't know how long she kept this up, it felt so great and seemed to go on forever but finally I erupted. She kept me in her mouth as I shot out my load. She seemed to like it, licking and slurping. I could see her throat moving as she swallowed. She finally lifted off me, licked her lips, then took me back into her mouth and seemed to milk me and lick me clean before she pulled back. She still held my red and softer cock and just stared at it and smiled, then looked back up at me. 

I sat up a little and grabbed her shoulders and pulled her back up next to me and kissed her as I felt her body, running my hands all over her. I wanted very much to do to her what she'd just done to me. I kissed everywhere I could think of, held and licked and sucked on each breast, kissed down over her stomach and onto her legs. I moved around to get below her, pushing her legs apart so I could kneel between them. I leaned down and kissed her legs, kissing onto the insides of one thigh and then the other. Then I was at her pussy. She shaved her pussy hair. Dark, kinky hair. It was just a small patch, sort of a diamond or arrow head right above her pussy. As I tried to kiss her there, she lifted her legs, moving her knees way back up towards her shoulders and her pussy moved up to where I could get at it. I got both hands onto her ass and started kissing everywhere I could, started licking her pink lips, then pushed my tongue into her and licked around inside as much as I could. She wasn't loud but she was sure moaning and sighing and doing sort of a staccato grunt or light scream as I got my tongue to the little shape that had to be her clit.

I slid two fingers into her as I kept my tongue and lips working on her clit. I surprised myself at how much I wanted to do this, how much I liked doing this. I had licked one other girl and had liked it then, too, but just licked a little bit before moving up over her and pushing my cock into her. Just like hert sucking me for a short while before we fucked. Here, I was planning on making Maria cum, just as she had made me cum. And finally she did. I think I must have licked her for four or five minutes, I don't know, maybe ten even, before she came but she did. As she did, her hands came down onto my had and pushed me in tight to her, her legs clamped on either side of my head and she was almost unintelligibly saying, "Oh fuck, Oh fuck, I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Oh. Aah." And she came. Really put out a lot of juice or liquid. Almost sprayed it out, didn't just leak it. I ended up with it all over my face and hand. When she let go of me and relaxed her legs, I moved up over her to kiss her.

As I kissed her she reached down between us and grabbed my cock, which was hard again. She moved her hips and me a little bit pulling on my cock to get it aimed at her right. "Fuck me," she said. "Fuck me, now." So I did. I shoved into her, not real fast but not in little increments but all the way in one long motion. I'd been in cunts before so in a way it wasn't a surprise but since it was all right then it seemed tighter or better somehow than anything I'd ever experienced before. And as I started pulling out and pushing in again, she started pushing back, lifting half her body off the bed trying to fuck me as much as I was fucking her. All the time she's saying "fuck me, fuck me" and then "faster, harder" and some "oh shit this is so great" and "oh fuck really bang me" and "I love this, you have such a great cock". I'd never experienced a girl getting into it like that. I mean, they tended to just let me fuck them. They might moan or scream a little but she's fucking me every bit as much as I'm fucking her and obviously loving everything that happened and being very verbal about it all. It made me feel like I was really good at this. Maybe I was but I suspect it was her that was really good at this and really, deeply felt everything that was happening even more than I did. She loved to fuck, no doubt about it.

Then she had an orgasm. She went nuts. Her whole body was jumping and she was loud and screaming and I could feel her inside clamping down on me and then her leaking fluid. Her legs and arms were up around me holding me tight and she gasped until I though maybe she was having a heart attack. Then her eyes opened and looked up at me and she smiled. Grinned maybe. "Did you ever put on a rubber?" she asked me.

"No," I replied, all of a sudden realizing that I hadn't.

"Maybe you ought to before we go on and you cum in me unless you;re really anxious to be a father."

'Go on?" I ask.

"Fuck, this is just the start. You're gonna be in me a lot, so get the rubber, huh?"

I pull out, get a pack from the table next to the bed, rip open the foil and roll the rubber down on me. She rolls over and lifts her butt up, her face down into the bed. 'Fuck me," she says. So I get behind her, between her legs and aim into her and push in and in just a moment she's back to "fuck me, harder, faster" and I'm pounding into her like I'd never done before in my life. I thought sure I was hurting her but she's shoving back at me and we're really banging into one another. Since I'm hitting her nice, round, well padded ass I'm probably the one that's going to bruise. But I keep at it. I can see her hand up under her, working on her clit. We go on and on and when I start to feel her body jerking and her yelling starting to sound like a moan, I knew she was cumming again and it triggered me and I came, too. 

She collapsed and I was on top of her. I pulled out and rolled off to the side and pulled the rubber off. She rolled to face me. "That was really good, wasn't it?" she said, her face sort of flushed and signs of perspiration still on her forehead. 

"As good as it gets." I replied, rolling onto my side so I could get an arms around her and hold her.

She grinned. "Maybe not, maybe we can do even better now that we've started. Let's see if we can."

"I don't think I can do anything for a couple minutes."

"I bet you can." she says and sits up some and leans down over me and gets her hand and mouth on my soft cock and starts licking and sucking on me. I was young and it worked and in a short while she's sitting on me, my cock up inside her and she's going nuts riding me, bouncing on me. This is the prettiest, sexiest girl I'd ever seen in my life. Her lovely tits were bouncing in front of me. So I do a sit-up sort of and get my hands and mouth to those breasts. I'm sucking a nipple and feeling the other one and she's bouncing so much it's almost impossible to keep hold of her but somehow I do. I move one hand down to try and feel her clit, which works because she has another orgasm, stops bouncing and leaks all over my thighs and abdomen. She leans down and kisses me, then lifts up off me and moves around and sits her wet, sticky pussy on my face and starts sucking my cock, licking it and using her hand to sort of jerk me off a little. So I start licking her and get my mouth to her clit and pull on it with my lips.

"Oh, fuck," she says and sits up and reaches for another rubber and rolls it down on my cock. She's sitting on my face, I can hardly breathe but I try to keep my tongue moving in her. "Let's fuck some more," she says and she falls off to the side and sort of pulls me on top of her and all of a sudden I'm in her again and we're at it again.

We never stopped. It might have been ten when we started and the next morning at maybe nine, with two showers and I don't know how many fucks between, I was in the same position again, on top of her, fucking as hard and as fast as I could. Once I came a couple times I think I fucked for an hour before cumming again. The next time even longer. I told her that she was the most beautiful girl I'd ever been with and the sex was the best in the world and I wanted to do this with her every day, all the time, and asked would she come back to L.A. with me so we could have sex all the time.

And she agreed. She said it was the best sex she'd ever had. I had to tell the three other guys because we would ride back in their car. We had breakfast down stairs and I asked her more about herself. She said she was nineteen, I was her fifth customer, she'd been there for less than a week. I was out of my mind with lust and post sex insaneness and believed it all.
