 It was almost a week later that I took a call from Radha on my cell. I was driving to the suburbs for a routine visit to a client of mine at about nine in the morning and so I accepted the call before verifying the number from where I was receiving it.

I was pleasantly surprised that it was she.

"This is a real surprise, Radha. I thought you would never call."

I heard her soft laugh. "Do you have time?"

"Say when," I replied.

"What if I say now?"

"Say where."

"The office."

I was silent. My god, she meant Dilip's office! 

"How come?" I enquired.

"Dilip had to go to the same place he had been to last time with his parents. This time, it's only for a day. He should be back tonight. He's taken half his staff with him and I have dismissed the other staff for the day by giving them some work, which they would require the entire day to finish. They would be going to their respective homes directly and report to the office only tomorrow. Satisfied?"

I laughed delightedly, already hanging a U-turn to head back to the city. "Where are you now?"

"At the office silly," she said.

"I'll be there in twenty minutes if the traffic doesn't delay me, okay?"

"Fine. I miss you, so hurry up. Also, I'm horny and can't wait for you to shove your cock inside me."

"Really?" On its own volition, my cock started to erect.

"Promise. I was so hot when I realized that we have this chance, I reckon my panties are already sopping wet and perhaps I May have to get rid of them for now," she replied softly.

"Don't," I told her. "By the way, what are you wearing today?"

"Like you said, you love to see me draped in those saris. Ever since, when I go out of the house, I try to wear them as much as possible."

"Don't undress before I am there," I warned her.

"You better hurry then. I'm really horny and feel like shoving my finger up my pussy already..."

I switched off the phone before she could talk anymore and get me distracted.

By the time I had parked the car on the street adjacent to the street on which the office was situated, I had a raging hard on. You could say it was more in anticipation though it was also true that I missed her a hell of a lot. 

A week is a hell of a long time to be away from such a woman. All we had to do after that quickie we had at the apartment was grope each other in the back seat of the car when she had given me a lift to the city. The driver was there, and so was her daughter who had insisted she wanted to sit up front. It had been rather dark and we could not take the risk of doing anything else. She was wearing a sari and had masturbated my cock in the dark of the back seat, leaning forward to rest her chin on her arm along the front seat's backrest, talking to her daughter. All I could do was to fondle and knead her blouse-covered breasts.

Another time, we had kissed deeply and passionately for as long as it had taken the elevator to reach the seventh floor to my apartment. She had sucked desperately on my tongue then, commenting later, as we made out way across the passage to my apartment where Sunita was waiting for us, that she wished it would have been my cock and not just my tongue that she was sucking on.

Another time, when she had come to lunch at my place, she was washing her hands in the washbasin. Sunita was still pecking away at her food. I had finished just at the time that Radha had and had followed her to the washbasin, which is located in a recessed passage away from the dining room. She was leaning down, washing her hands, and quickly, I had pressed the front of my body against her back, cupping her breasts from behind. That had lasted for maybe half a minute. 

I walked quickly past the street and was soon in the elevator, pushing the button with a trembling hand. The office was one among the dozen or so offices and showrooms situated in the commercial building. On either side of Dilip's office were showrooms for Audio & Video players and the din they made was unbearable. Which explained why Dilip's office had foot-thick walls all around and these were coated with rubber padding and a compound that assisted in keeping out the noise.

The door to the office was open and she was waiting for me, seated on her husband's chair behind the medium sized table. 

"Hi, sexy," I said as she rose quickly to walk to the door to close and lock it. The noises outside were reduced to bare whispers.

The office was about thirty-by-forty with a door at one end leading to a small kitchenette-cum-dining room. Another door led to a bathroom.

There were a lot of large french doors, one of them leading to a balcony. She had already covered the doors and the windows with the curtains and had switched on a few fluorescent lights for illumination.

Dilip's cabin, where she had been sitting, had that large glass front with an aluminium door. There were perhaps five modular cabins, each provided with a table and two chairs, one on each side with the inevitable PC monitors placed on top of the tables.  

A cabin similar to Dilip's but slightly smaller in size served as her office at the other end of the room. There was a hum of the air conditioner in the otherwise hushed office. 

I was standing a few feet away from the door, when she was locking it. Now, she turned and rushed into my arms, encircling hers around my neck and tilting her face to mine. I lowered my mouth to hers; she had already opened her mouth and when we kissed, her tongue rushed in. She pulled my head back by my hair and ran her tongue around my lips, then kissed me again, and her tongue penetrated my mouth so deeply that my entire body trembled. She thrust her hips forward, grinding her belly against my hard on and swaying, then grinding her belly side and across.

She was wearing a black sari with a matching blouse, the border of the sari draped across her chest to cover her breasts. 

She drew back and looked deep into my eyes.

"God, I missed you," she whispered.

I smiled, my hands wrapping around her waist. "Missed me or missed my cock?" I asked her.

She wrinkled her nose and then laughed. "If I didn't miss you, how could I miss your cock?"

"True," I conceded. "I missed you too, baby. Which means I missed your tits and pussy as well."

"Put your tongue in my mouth," she hissed, pulling my face toward her. 

I first tugged at the border of her sari till it fell off her shoulders and onto the floor, revealing the V-necked blouse. The 'V' was pretty deep and the top of her large breasts peeked from above. Then, I leaned into her.

We kissed again and I once again shoved my tongue inside her mouth. Immediately, she started to suck and I brought my hands up between our bodies to take hold of her ample bloused breasts, kneading them gently.

She began to push me back till I had to yield and together we made our way inside Dilip's cabin, while we continued to kiss wetly, our tongues in a duel, saliva running back and forth into each other's mouths. 

My buttocks came up against the desk and she forced me backward with surprising strength, kissing me with passion. Raw lust, I thought, squeezing her breasts and pinching those nipples hidden behind the blouse and the bra. 

She slipped one hand down between our bodies to grab my hard on, similarly squeezing and cupping it.

She tore away her mouth again and looking at me with smoldering eyes, said huskily, "Lets get naked. It's been a long time since we did that."

She began to undrape her sari after straightening. I stood in front of her, shucking away my shirt and trousers in record time. It was as though we were in a race to see who would undress first. I beat her to it comfortably, since she had to deal with her petticoat as well. In fact, by the time she had divested herself of the sari and petticoat, I was already naked, my cock dangling in front of me.

Her eyes fastened on my hard on, she slipped off her panties, revealing her trimmed bush. She reached behind her to unhook her blouse and I stood there drinking in the sight of her breasts thrust out while she unhooked her blouse. Inside, she was wearing a black, lacy bra.

Have you ever experienced watching a voluptuous woman (which Radha was, I assure you) undressing when you are already stark naked? Especially, when the woman is in heat like she already was. I'm telling you, its extremely erotic. 

Her breasts were heaving with passion, there was smoke in her eyes and her lips were trembling when the bra came out. Out spilled those large breasts; the main objects of my fantasies, and from where I was standing, I could see that the nipples were erect; as erect as my cock. Naked now, we stood facing each other.

"I want you to fuck me. Now!" she commanded.

I looked around for a convenient place where we could do it. Just as I was thinking that the desk would be the ideal choice, she said, "On my husband's chair. Fuck me on my husband's chair."

I walked around the desk and pulled the chair away from it. It was a big overstuffed chair with equally big armrests. I lowered myself on it. 

She walked to me to me now and I was aware that she was shivering, and not just because of the full blast of the air conditioner. 

She knelt down in front of me on the plush carpet and seized my naked cock, leaning forward to blow on it. I pushed back her hair so that I could watch her take my dick slowly inside her mouth. She did not spend time licking around it; instead, she took me directly inside her mouth, stuffing it deep inside. She paused when it was completely inside her mouth, lodged in the constrictions of her throat.

Slowly she withdrew until it was outside her mouth, glistening with her saliva. She cupped my testicles and began to work seriously on it now, making me groan and arching towards her, my buttocks off the chair.

As she began to suck on me earnestly, I leaned forward, reaching down to get a hold of her swinging breasts, massaging the ample flesh there, pinching and rubbing her nipples. I shuddered when her hot tongue swept over my shaft and her lips tightened around it. She bobbed her head back and forth, back and forth, a thumb and forefinger encircling the base of my prick.

"If you want to get fucked," I muttered hoarsely, "you better stop that. Or you will get my load right inside that mouth of yours."

She pulled away and rose, her eyes on my cock, now dripping with her saliva. Her pussy was directly in line with my face and still seated on Dilip's chair, I pulled her by her waist, burying my face between her legs.

She was wet all right and smelt musky. She was hot as well and pulled my head deeper towards her as I ran my tongue over the slit. Using the fingers of one hand to part that slit, I pushed a finger of the other hand inside the warmth of her pussy.

I heard her moan and she gasped as I licked her swollen clit, gently pushing in and pulling out my finger inside her pussy, imitating the actual act.

"Oh my god," she wailed, her back arching forward and then she abruptly stepped away, turning around to present her back to me. "I need that cock inside my cunt!" 

With me sitting on the chair with my legs wide apart, she sat to one side on my lap. She hooked her right leg over the arm of the chair. Almost weeping with ecstasy, she reached down between her legs to grab my cock. I slapped away her hand and grasped my cock, rubbing its tip across her pussy lips.

"My god, my god, May, just shove that thing inside me! Fuck me now, fuck me, please," she cried out.

I licked her bare neck and she reached down to spread her pussy lips apart.

"There, I'm open now, please, put it inside," she gasped. She was lying across the front of my body, her right leg splayed out over the arm of the chair. I needn't have used my fingers to spread her lips apart; the position we were in ensured that they were already open. Turning to face her and rubbing my cock over the slit for one final time, I slowly entered her. My cock slid inside smoothly without any difficulty. "Ahhhhh! God, it feels so good! Fuck me now, honey, fuck me!" she cried.

She began to move and wriggled her body repeatedly against mine. I groaned when I felt my cock surrounded by the intense heat of her pussy. There was the rhythmic squishy sound and the slap of flesh against flesh as she began to move wildly, sending my cock in and out of her. She encircled my neck with her right hand while I caressed her right hip and thigh with my own right hand. 

Our hands were free and as I watched her breasts jiggling when she rocked up and down over me, I lowered my face to take as much of her right breast inside my mouth as was possible, my tongue swiping and lashing the nipple.

I slid my hand up her creamy thigh until my fingers were at her inflamed clit.

"Oh my god," she gasped when I began rubbing her clit in circles. "Oh yes, yes, do that, it feels so good, oh god, your cock feels so good inside me!"

She put her left hand down to press my hand deeper towards her clit, bouncing up and down. Her hair was all over her face and I swept them back to reveal the contorted expressions. Her mouth was open and she breathed heavily as I slid my mouth across to her other breast, licking and sucking it.

Her movements suddenly slowed down and her body became rigid.

"Ohhhh, yessss, yes, god, I'm coming, commmmiiii..."

Her body jerked convulsively, her head went back till she was now staring at the ceiling, an unbelievable expression now in place.

I moved against her, plunging my cock deeper inside her hot pussy. The chair moved back from the table, but I continued to move.

Pulling my lips off her nipple, I said, "Once more, baby? You want another come?"

"Oh yes, yes, more, one more time, please!"

"You want one more good, nice and nasty little come, huh?" I muttered, moving so hard that I was literally bouncing her on my lap. "You want your juices to shoot out of your pussy? Want this rod to keep giving it to you till your eyes go inside your head?"

She pulled my head back towards her breasts with a moan. I buried my face between her breasts, licking the cavern there till my saliva was dribbling down over her belly.

I hadn't stopped fondling her clit. Now, I began to pinch it, and then slid my fingers up and down the swollen clit, till I could manage to push the fingertip inside the opening of her pussy along with my prick.

"Oh yes, oh my god, that feels so horny, so good, oh yes, fuck me like that, fuck, fuck me!"

Squeezing her breast hard while I licked the cleavage, I hammered against her, thrusting more powerfully into her, and this time she didn't take so long to come.

"Ugghhh, aahhhh, ooohh, my god, I-I-t-t I-is n-not p-possible, oh yes, oh my god, oh, oh, yessss..." she hissed and stammered, flooding my prick yet again with her juices. As she came, I thrust not just my prick, but also my finger along side it deep into her wet pussy.

I don't really know how I managed to hold out for such a long time. I was astonished myself at the performance. But, come to think of it, when you finally succeed in making your fantasy a reality and you already have sampled the wares, you eventually manage to achieve a greater degree of control. At least, that was what happened to me. Moreover, I was eager that I give her as much pleasure as possible and that had been playing all along at the back of my mind. Now that I had finally realized my dreams, I did not want to lose her.

Now, as she collapsed on my lap, my hands still kneading her breasts, I watched the flaring of her nostrils and the way that her eyes rolled back and I thought she had fainted.

She hadn't. It was only that it was an intense orgasm, so intense that perhaps she hadn't experienced anything like this for a long time.

I allowed her to flop onto me, letting my cock remain inside her. It was still hard of course. I had still to come, and for a long time neither one of us moved. I suppose she was wallowing in the luxury of having a still hard cock inside her after she had climaxed to her heart's content.

"Oh my god, May," she sighed wistfully, tilting her head to me, letting me fondle her breasts. "How do you do that? It's incredible! I have never been fucked like this before."

"Never?" I smiled down at her radiant face.

"Except the last time at the apartment. By you! And on a chair like this? No way!"

"You mean you never tried this before with your husband?" I asked curious to know. I had never done this before either. 

"Well, in the beginning, her tried it once. That was a year after we got married. He came all over the chair before he could shove it inside of me. How do you manage it?"

"I don't know," I told her truthfully. "I suppose when you finally realize your fantasy has become true, you want to let it stay and not allow it to go away."

She pulled me by the back of my head for a kiss. Once again, she penetrated her tongue inside my mouth and I gently sucked on it. 

Equally gently, she slid her body back to release my dick from her pussy. I knew that it would be dripping with her juices and my pre cum. 

I groaned when she seized it in her fist.

"Don't you want to come in my pussy?" she asked after drawing back.

I flicked the tip of my tongue across her cheek and then over her ear. "Would you let me?"

She considered for some time. 

"You know, May, Dilip and me can't have a baby any more. You are aware of that. I think I'll get on to pills and maybe then you can come in my cunt. I don't want you to plant your seed inside me."

She was playing with my dick and I thought my erection would last as long as I would want it to. Such was my condition at present. 

"So how do you and Dilip do it?" I asked.

She sighed wistfully. "If, and when we decide to fuck, he wears a condom. Not that it helps. He usually comes within five to ten strokes and I've to be content with his fingers bringing me off."

I was still kneading her breasts. "Poor baby."

"You want to fuck my tits again?" she asked, jerking on my cock playfully, a sly look on her face.

"Do you like that?" I asked her curiously.

"I already told you that it's my favorite thing. Don't ask me why. I really don't know. It's a kind of a fetish, I suppose and I just love the feel of cock sliding between my tits and the feel of the splash of cum there and on my face."

"Since when did this fantasies occur to you?" I asked her, holding her breasts in my hands as if I wanted to weigh those amazing melons.

She screwed her eyes in deep thought. "You know Mina, my best friend?"

"The one who had come to the party on the day your bra strap let you down? Yes, I know of her. She had looked after the crowd when we went to the apartment to change your bra, right?"

She giggled, gently masturbating my wet, erect cock. "Yes, that's her. Though she is a couple of years older than I am, we have always hit it off from the time we met as kids. Well, her husband works in the US and comes down here about twice or thrice every year. It was just luck that he happened to be here during the party that day. H-he gets all those kinky magazines and some other stuff. Mina would lend them to me. There was this one that showed breast sex. Mostly tit-fucking. I reckon I got hooked on to it from the time I laid my eyes on that stuff. It made me feel all gooey inside." 

"What other kind of kinky stuff?" I asked, my curiosity increasing.

"Do you want to sit there with that erect rod and talk about that stuff?" she asked mischievously wanking my cock just that bit faster.

I laughed, rolling my fingers over her nipples.

"I was asking you if you want to fuck my tits?" she asked again. "I really love it, period. I also like it when..." her voice trailed off and if it was possible to blush in this situation, she did. 

"Yes?" I egged her on, caressing her nipples.
