 Buenos Aires is amazing and full of life and bustle. Hubby had arranged a great hotel, right by a pedestrian mall, which is filled with stores. I finally had a day to myself so I went for a yummy breakfast and a manicure.

When we got there, two days ago, there was the cutest shoe shiner sitting at the foot of the pedestrian mall near our hotel. He spoke to me and called me 'sexy lady'. It was charming and he had the biggest smile I had ever seen. I had seen him half a dozen times since then and he always said hello and asked me how I was. The day before, he asked if I needed anything and he smiled. Last night he asked again. He talked loudly as I walked by and said that 'the sexy lady has sexy legs'. I was a little embarrassed because hubby was with me. 

Hubby laughed and said I had a new admirer and I guess I did. So, anyway this morning, after my manicure I decided to go for a walk and do a little shopping. Sure enough the shoe shiner was there. I was wearing a short white skirt, about 4 inches above my knee and a navy tee, a bit tighter than it should be. 

I walked past him and again he smiled. He complimented my legs and I saw him eyeing them as he spoke. I stopped, because it was the first time I had been alone, and asked him how much a shine was. He said for me it would be $3 American dollars. I said maybe later when I came back. I was wearing slip-ons, so the money would be wasted. I was quite flattered because he blatantly stared at my chest while I talked with him. Of course I held my shoulders back to make sure nothing was missed.

I walked a while and did some shopping, but kept thinking about him. It made me a bit amorous (like it takes much). I decided it was time for a little fun. I had a tea on an outdoor cafe and while I was waiting for the waiter to bring it I went to the toilet and removed my undies and stuck them in my purse. I returned to the patio and sat down to enjoy my tea.

I got many glances from passersby and one man began to talk to me. He asked where I was from and was I alone. It was flattering, but certainly not the kind of conversation I wanted to get into. A minute after he left another man, this one reeked of money, walked by. He looked and smiled and his gaze fell to my boobs. Then he looked at my face and asked how much? I was stunned and told him I was a tourist. He smiled and asked if that meant it would be cheaper? I told him he couldn't afford me and he smiled and said I would be surprised. Then he added that now it was just a matter of price. 

I ignored him and he said that it was too bad, because I seemed to have a 'lovely set of tits' (his words), which he would love to inspect. When I turned my head he said goodbye and walked on. Deep down I was quite flattered, but my heart was racing. I you never know what you get into in different places. I stayed a few minutes longer; while I finished my tea, and made sure I uncrossed and crossed my legs a few times as people walked by. I was neat, as I had a wax on my vaginal area the day before we left home.

I strolled back, taking in the shops and feeling pretty good about myself and finally neared the hotel and the shoe shiner. He saw me and smiled and said hello and said he had a special on shines today. I smiled back, walked over and said OK. He motioned me to stand in a certain spot and put my foot on the shoe-shaped foot rest on his wooden shoe box. I did so and I saw him staring along my leg. He worked hard and asked where I was from. We talked a little and when I finally changed feet. I made sure he could see between my thighs. He looked and then he stared at me.

I just looked innocently and he continued with the shoe shine. I kept my legs apart a little and he finally made a comment about them. He said they were very smooth and I felt his hand on my calf. I parted them a little and he asked if he should inspect them more? I said he could if he liked and he touched my inner thigh. I thought I was going to faint from quivering. 

Then he shocked me. He asked if I wanted to hire him. I looked at him, not sure what he meant. He saw my confusion and said that he could perform any service I wanted. For a small price. I just stared and asked what kind of service? It was obviously not the first time he had offered this to customers and he spoke calmly, as if it was a normal conversation. He said he could do oral for $15, fingers only for $10 and full service for $20. I didn't know what to say.

I just stood there with my mouth open, stunned by everything he had said. I had expected to flash my beaver and give him a little thrill, that he could take to his bedroom later, but instead he shocked me by offering me everything under the sun. The first thing I said was that I didn't know when hubby would be back at the hotel. He said that was OK because he could provide his house for a few dollars.

I didn't really say yes or no, but before I knew it I was following him along an alley and down some crooked side streets to an old building where we walked in and up a flight of stairs. I was still in a daze when he opened the door to a room and another person, about the same age looked up and after a few words left.

He closed the door and I just stood there. He asked if 'Madam', would like to see his 'package? All I could do was laugh at his use of English. I didn't answer but he took his shirt off and then undid the button on his long grey shorts which fell to the floor. He was standing in front of me in his underpants and all I could do was stare. He slid his undies down exposing himself and I just felt my groin tingle with the thrill of watching his hairless penis right in front of me. 

He began to rub it and it grew. It was quite small, but cute and very lovable. I trembled as he walked closer and put his hands on each side of my face (I was sitting in the only chair in the room). He held me tight and pushed my head closer toward him and all I could do was to open my mouth when he pulled my face against him. I felt his penis enter between my lips and push into my mouth. I began to suck and could feel his skin slide back. It was so yummy. (I am masturbating furiously as I write this, that's why it is so detailed).

This continued for a few minutes until he stopped, pulled out and asked if he could see my 'tits'. I just sat there and slowly took my tee off, over my head. I wasn't wearing a bra so my girls were exposed and he stared at them and said they were beautiful. I felt him fondle them and squeeze them and I was getting so turned on. I played with his penis and moved it between my hand and my mouth.

He talked about my breasts and my legs and then he stood straight up in front of me. He pushed me back in the chair and parted my legs. He was standing between them and he looked down and saw my bald pussy. I opened my legs and he moved closer. He was short so his penis was at the right level. He looked into my eyes and said, "I want to make fuck with you," I was soaked, but told him to eat me instead. A minute later I felt his mouth against my opening. I spread my legs as wide as I could, allowing him to eat me feverishly. It did not take long until he was making me squirm.

I started to moan, which developed into a few loud screams. I was holding his head and pulling him closer and harder against me. I came but didn't want to stop. He continued a few more minutes until I knew he was ready to cum. I pulled him by his hair, motioned for him to stand and grabbed his penis. I jerked it against my breasts. I felt him shake and he was about to explode. He had his hands on my nipples and I thought he was going to pull them off. I opened my mouth wide and engulfed his entire penis. I thought I was going to choke and was about to push him out when I felt him shake and tremble. 

A second later I could feel his warm white, gooey sperm shoot against the back of my throat. I had little choice but to swallow it, while he continued to savagely fuck my face. When he finished he stood there and I just sat there. I stared at his tiny penis and began to finger myself. It did not take long for me to orgasm and as soon as I was finished I dressed and left. I gave him the money and returned to my hotel for a long shower and a few more fingering sessions.

The next day we left and as we walked from the hotel to the street I saw him again. He smiled and said 'hello sexy lady you want shine?' Hubby laughed and said that he still had a crush on me. It was more than a crush, believe me.

Anyway that's the story in detail... a lot of detail and hopefully not too much. It is fun to write about it just after it happened and maybe I will do more of that.