 Note: Much of the dialogue was actually in French but obviously I have written it in English.

*

I had only been back home a few weeks and already I needed a holiday! I looked on the web and found a nice Chambre d'hote in Provence about 30 minutes from Avignon. I have never used the Euro star before, so decided to go the leisurely way through the channel tunnel. It was just five hours to my destination, all told, via Paris. The French railways are possibly the most efficient in Europe. 

My accommodation, Le Grillion was half way up a hill surrounded by olive groves and vineyards and just a stone's throw from Mt. Ventoux. Pretty well idyllic. It was on my second day in the afternoon, I had just come back from a walk around the nearby village and a girl was sitting at the picnic table round the front of the house writing on some paper work. She really was the sweetest thing I have ever seen. She looked up and smiled. She had oceans of blonde hair, which cascaded over her shoulders and came to rest in natural little ringlets at her waist. She had soft blue-brown eyes and just the cutest nose. Her lips were deep rosy pink and she had a natural pink flush to her cheeks. I don't exaggerate when I say that my heart skipped a beat when I saw her. 

'Hello, nice afternoon.' I said.

'Yes, it is, beautiful.'

'Are you staying here?'

'Yes, well - the proprietress is my Grandmother. I'm visiting her for a couple of days.'

Her voice was like syrup. Sweet and golden. I couldn't just wander off without chatting to her a bit. Not that I had any hope of getting in to her knickers, but she was so delightful, so lovely, I had to hang around.

'Are you a trainee accountant?' I asked, pointing to the pile of paper work in front of her.

'No, I am just sorting it for my Gran, it's nothing.'

'Are you at college?'

'School?' Not today.

'School? How old are you, if I might ask?'

She looked quite serious all of a sudden. 

'Eighteen why?'

'Sorry, I must seem terribly nosey. People finish school at 16 in England, I just...'

The smile returned to her face just as I thought I had put my foot in it.

'Ah I see, no I go to high school. There is a college in Avignon.'

'OK, what are you studying?'

'Business studies and German.'

'Right, good. So what's the difference between high school and college?'

OK, well High school is like normal school but for 17 and 18 year old people. College is similar but more specialised subjects. Some people go to school and college or just college.'

'Oh, I think I get it, but it doesn't really matter!'

She looked at me as if I was stupid and continued to shuffle through the papers. 

'I'm going to get a beer, do you want one?'

'No. Thank you.'

'OK.'

'Actually, can you get me a fruit smoothie from the fridge?'

'OK. No problem.'

I don't know if she was typical but she had a rather off-hand manner. Abrupt almost, without actually being impolite. I don't know how to explain why, but it made her very appealing and sexy. She was so so sweet to look at, she actually needed a bit of an edge, in order not to dissolve in a pile of sugary goo! 

When I came back with the drinks she had stood up and was watering some flowers along the side of the house. She had a pink T shirt on and blue football shorts, her breasts jiggling playfully as she moved. Her legs and arms were nicely bronzed, although her face was only slightly tanned. She was also shorter than I had realised; about five feet five at most. I had just begun to chat to her again when the proprietress appeared around the corner with some shopping.

'Ah you have met Amelie then?'

'Amelie - what a beautiful name!'

The girl smiled. It was like such a smile, which I have never seen before. It sent shivers down my spine.

'You're very beautiful.' I said when her Gran had gone inside.

She blushed slightly.

'Thank you, it is nice of you to say so Sir.'

'Ah my name is Alex. I hope you didn't think I was being inappropriate but you are beautiful.'

'It is OK, but you don't need to say it.'

'I don't need to say what?'

'Inappropriate. It isn't inappropriate it is like a gentleman should be. Compliment the ladies.'

Shit, were all French girls like this? In England I would have been called a pervert ages ago! I was in a bit of a dilemma now. I couldn't go much further down the compliment route without making a pass at her and with me being 40 and she 18, that seemed futile, toned though I am. I could just continue the small talk or make my excuses and leave. A trilemma then, if you will.

'What do you do for nightlife round here?'

'Nothing, there isn't any nightlife.'

'Seriously, but you're 18.'

'Oh yes, I go to Avignon every other Friday. There are night clubs and cinemas and bars - that's good.'

'Not today then?' 

It was a Friday and I kind of hoped she was staying put.

'No, not while I'm with my Gran. Why do you ask?'

'Oh no reason.'

The serious look reappeared. At the same time she for no apparent reason pulled the hem of her T shirt down, making her tits push against the fabric. I couldn't help but look. They were fabulous. 

'It's hot isn't it!' I said, continuing the small talk.

Yes, I might go to the pool.'

'Oh!' 

'Ha ha, why "Oh?" You going to take a dip too?'

'Erm...well I might. It doesn't say there is a pool in the brochure for this place.'

'No, it is a private one. I might go au naturelle. Would you have a problem with that?'

This was an interesting development. 

'Can I just clarify, because as you can tell, my French isn't perfect. You intend to bathe with no clothes?'

'Yes.'

'No, that's fine.'

'You are funny!'

I was almost shaking. I have this problem where I get this awful trembling when I get sexually excited. I did my absolute best to supress it. Amelie picked up the sheaf of papers.

'I'll just take these inside and I'll show you the pool.'

She was back a few seconds later and walked purposefully up the hill a little way and along a path I hadn't noticed, with a big green gate at the end. She fumbled around some over turned plant pots and produced a key.

'Secret key. Shhh.'

She opened the gate with a loud 'clank' and locked it behind us. I followed her round a large cypress hedge and there in front of us was a large blue swiming pool, the sun glinting on it like little sparkling diamonds.

'It can't be seen from anywhere.' Amelie said as she pulled off her T shirt. 

My cock began to grow rapidly as I looked at her pink, lacy bra. I nervously unfastened my combats as she unfastened her bra. Her tits were just amazing. They just quivered and jiggled. I don't know what her cup size she must be, D, E or maybe F. I didn't care they were just wondrous. She pulled her shorts down to reveal neat blond pubes and with me down to my boxers, it was evident I had a huge hard on. 

'Are you going to take those off?'

'I'm sorry for the you know what!'

'Don't worry, it will go.'

'I wouldn't bank on it.'

She laughed and dived in to the pool. I jumped in and found to my surprise how uncomfortable it is to swim with a hard on. The whole thing just seemed unreal. I ended up just splashing around a bit but Amelie was swimming up and down the pool and doing flips like a regular little mermaid. 

When she seemed to be contented with her swim, she got out sat on a deck chair under a large parasol. I got out and although my cock had virtually dwindled by now, it started to grow again. Amelie just laughed and complimented me I guess.

'At least it is a good one.'

'Thanks, I'll get dressed, that might help.'

'It is up to you.'

'Say, what if you're Gran was to come and see us, I would get kicked out!'

'My Gran -- come to the pool?! I don't think so. I've probably seen her here once. Forget that.'

'OK.'

'Anyway we're not doing anything wrong.'

'No, it's good if you feel comfortable to take your clothes off in front of people. It's a new experience for me.'

'I am not a naturist, I just like to swim with nothing on.'

'Yes, I see.'

'Anyway, I have to go to pick some figs for the supper, do want to come? I have to fill two buckets and it will be quicker if you help me.'

'Yes, count me in.'

So, she put her clothes back on and we went to pick figs in the orchard. These were great big plump beauties, which just came away from the tree without much effort. We picked the fruit quietly and she thanked me politely when I carried both buckets to the kitchen. I felt like thanking her for showing me her body, but I thought better of it. I went for a shower and found that my groin was aching. I was concerned that I was going down with something, but decided it was from all the excitement witnessed by more poor dick. I was going to relieve myself, but ended up having an early evening nap. 

There were about 10 people for dinner, which doesn't start till 8pm in these parts and we had the figs for dessert - warm with fresh water melon and brown sugar. Some people were eating them like no bodie's business, but on Amelie's advice I just had one or two. They were nice though. The evening became night and I went to bed with a totally surreal feeling. I thought about Amelie in her bed. I wondered if she masturbated. Did she use her fingers or a toy? She might have a boyfriend for all I knew, although I imagined she would be hard work. 

The next day was another hot one. I spent much of the morning walking along the river, which takes a circuitous route to the lovely village of Bedoin and from there I bought some provisions and did a bit of a hike up the foothills of Mt. Ventoux. There were lots of butterflies and grasshoppers and I could have kicked myself for not bringing a camera. I'm not much of a photographer anyway, but the memories are nice. I came back in the late afternoon somewhat tanned. I went to the pool again and although I managed to find the key to get in, there was no sign of Amelie, which was disappointing. I saw her again at dinner and as this was my last night, I went to bed feeling a bit deflated. 

I woke up in the middle of the night feeling really thirsty. My room was at the bottom of some stone steps leading from the kitchen at the back of the house. I crept up stairs and helped myself to a glass of water from the fridge. I turned round to go back to bed and Amelie appeared in the kitchen. She was wearing a white shirt and little striped shorts. 

'Oh! You made me jump, you thirsty too then?' I asked

'Yes, I think it is the anchovies we had for the starter.'

'Yes, I bet that's it. OK, well... sleep well.'

'Where is your room?'

'My room! Down there.'

I pointed down the steps.

'Oh, I've never seen in that room, is it nice?'

'Yes, I would show you, in the morning but I'm leaving tomorrow.'

'Oh, I see. OK then.'

Amelie looked so lovely. The light from the moon was coming through the kitchen window and lit up her sweet little face. She seemed to look really crestfallen that I was going the next day. 

'Unless, you want to have a quick look now?'

'Yes, I'm awake now, I don't want to go back to bed yet.'

My cock began to unfurl as I walked down the cold steps with her and showed her into my room. By the time I was inside he was fully erect and had poked right through my boxers. Amelie looked down and smiled one of her enchanting smiles.

'I know, it's happening again!'

'I've seen it before.'

'They were different circumstances though.'

'Alex, there is something you should know. I am a virgin. I am not ready yet, but I would like to make you happy.'

'Oh Amelie, you are such a little sweetheart'

'What is sweetheart?'

'I don't know the French word for it, but believe me you are one. Sort of cute and beautiful.'

'That's a lovely thing to say.'

'Amelie?'

'Yes.'

'Would you take your top off?'

She looked at me and pulled her shirt off. I stood behind her and cupped them in my hands. They were amazingly soft. Squishy but fulsome. My dick was pressing against her bottom and I rubbed against her until I was sure I was going to explode. She turned round and held my cock in her left hand and began to rub the foreskin back and forth. I held her against me and caressed her butt cheeks in my hands and rubbed my cock against her mound, and after just a few seconds I ejaculated all over her shorts. She gave me a little kiss on the lips and took her shorts off, which were completely written off. 

'Thank you Amelie, I needed that.'

'It's OK.'

'My cherie, do you want to sleep with me?'

'To sleep?'

'Of course to sleep. I just want to cuddle you.'

'OK then. That would be good.'

So, we went to bed together. Me and a beautiful 18 year old blonde French girl. I cuddled and fondled her. She also let me suck her nipples. You couldn't make it up. Yes, of course I would have given anything to have made love to her, but I didn't. She said if I go back in the spring she might let me take her virginity, if she hasn't lost it already. A strangely frank young lady, is Amelie. I don't think I have ever met anyone less cynical. I hope she remains so. Obviously, I can't wait for the spring.