 He had spent the night making love to her. He left earlier and he knew that he had done a bad thing, he wouldn't be coming back to her. He had to leave her so she could find her way to him, but he wonder if she would tell him when she found out that she was carrying his baby. He also knew he wasn't right for her, she needed someone who could love her like she should be love. 

"At least she would have the baby she's always wanted." he thought to him self. She woke up to find herself alone in bed, she call out his name but didn't get an answer. Getting up she saw that his clothes were gone along with him. Pulling on her robe she went down stairs. As her foot hit the last step she heard someone knocking on the front door. Opening it, she saw an older lady standing there. 

"You don' t know me sweetie but my son was here last night and I need to talk to you about him." she said. "Come in and have some coffee with me, I don't know where he went off to," she told the lady. Sitting at the table the Sheriff's mother told Sara all about her son. Sara felt sorry for the lady, and for what David has gone through.

"My Son will never married you or any one else he feels he's not worth the time or he's not good enough for anyone." she said just before she left Sara's house. Over the next few months Sara waited for David to come around, while she got the house ready. Not once did she see him at her door again. And this last week she'd been feeling very tired and run down, then last night she couldn't keep anything down. In the morning she called the Doctor's office and made an appointment to be check out. Walking out of the Doctor's office that afternoon she was in a daze, she couldn't be pregnant, her Doctors up North had told her the likelihood of her getting pregnant again was 1 in a million. 

She didn't even see the car coming around the corner till someone pull her back on the sidewalk. It was David. She turned to look at him, then she belted him across the face, and walked off. He stood there rubbing his face as he watched her walk away. She just turned off the lights and was going into the kitchen when she stopped dead. David stood in the kitchen doorway. She fainted, and would have hit the floor if he hadn't caught her. When she open her eyes she found herself laying on her bed with David sitting next to her. Sitting up, she asked him what he was doing here. 

"I couldn't stay away any longer, I'm sorry Sara, I've been an asshole," he told her. 

"What am I going to do with you David?" she said more to herself than him. 

" ANYTHING YOU WANT SARA I'LL DO IT FOR YOU!" he told her. "Anything?" she asked. He nodded his head yes. "Get undress and get in bed, I'm tired and need some sleep, And David you better be here when I wake up this time." she told him. He hadn't slept well in months not since leaving her house that morning. When his head hit the pillow he was out, sleeping like a baby. She couldn't sleep she had to feel him inside her one last time, she knew he would be gone again. Getting up she undressed and slowly pulled the sheets down to reveal his body to her. His cock was hard and standing up, careful not to wake him to soon she crawled over top of him and licked and sucked his cock making it bigger and harder. She then put her leg over him and eased her pussy down on his cock. With his cock buried deep inside her she leaned over and kiss him awake. 

"About time your woke up David, I thought I would have to fuck you all by my self," she told him "No Sara, I'm here to help you do it, OOH GOD." he cried out when she squeezed his cock with her pussy muscles. He lifted her up and down on his hard cock as he twisted his hips this way and that way; giving her a ride she'd never forget. He watched as she threw her head back and screamed "OH GOD DAVID I'M CUMMMMMMINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!" Pulling her down on him, he whispers words she thought she would never hear from him. "Oh Sweet baby it feels so good being inside you, I love you Sara, Will you marry me?" Rolling her under him he started moving in her. "Why didn't you cum David?" she ask. "Cause I wanted to take my time and I wasn't ready yet to fill you with my cum," he told her. "David I have something to tell you." she said looking at him. 

"I'm pregnant David." she told him. "You don't seem surprise." she said. "I knew the last time I was inside you that I had planted my seed to grow and I was to afraid that once you knew that you wouldn't want me anymore." he told her. "I want to marry you David, but are you sure?" she ask him. "Very sure, so sure that I'd do anything you want me to do." he told her. "Let's wait then till after the baby's born, then we can get married." she told him. He wasn't happy, but he didn't say anything for fear she would tell him to leave and never come back. 

The next day he sent her flowers and a package with something sexy in it. When she opened it she saw it was a sheer blue grown, and it was indeed a very sexy outfit. Putting it away till later she finished the plans she made. Three days later she had everything set. She knew he would come, because she had kept him away the last three nights. Slipping on her big raincoat and grabbing her cell phone she drove out to where they first met and called him at the stationhouse. 

"Yes this Sara McFee, could you put the sheriff on the phone please...Hello David, Come to me David, come meet me out near the road where we first meet. and David come alone, I have something just for you. Here's a hint baby, It's sheer blue and on me, and what I have waiting for you is wet, hot, and very tight, but I'm out in the middle of the woods and if you're not here in 10 minutes you'll lose out." Then she hung up the phone. He pulled up behind her car and looked at his watch, he had 4 minutes left. Going to her car he found a note.

"Grab and follow the red ribbons through the trees to find me W.A.I.T.I.N.G." he read. Pulling the ribbons he pushed his way through the trees and into an opening where he found her laying on a blanket with her only the sheer blue grown he sent her. His cock was hard already, but it just got harder when he saw her. "UNDRESS DAVID" she said. Quickly he undressed and walked towards her. She got up on all fours and crawl to the end of the blanket and licked his hard, throbbing cock. "Good I see your cock's ready and I' m ready, now fuck my ass." she told him, then she turned around and pushed her ass at him. He knelt down and pushed his cock up her asshole. 

Reaching around her he push his finger in her pussy moving it in and out of her pussy while he pounded her ass with his cock. 10 minutes was all he could last, he shot his cum up her asshole as she exploded on his hand. Stilling her shaking body he eased her to the ground and whispered his love in her ear. When she got her mind back on the present, she said, "Take me to Vegas David and let's get married tonight, I have everything we need in the car, oh and your rookie will come get your car." she told him. He looked at her. "How long have you been planning this Sara?" he asked smiling.

"Three days and nights with help from your mother and some very good friends of yours and mine now." she told him. "Okay Sara get ready because your going to be a married lady tonight." he told her, helping her to her feet and easing up behind her rubbing his still hard cock against her ass cheeks. "And when we get to the Hotel later, you wont be able to move unless I let you." he said. When they got to the cars his rookie was there and they said goodbyes and they watch him drive away. His cock was still hard and as he watch her bend over the back seat to put away something , he walk up behind her and slid a finger up her pussy. Then he push his cock in to. 

"Oh Baby Feells so fucking good to be inside your fucking pussy." he grunted. She push back, meeting him and squeezing his cock with every muscle in her pussy. "OOH FUCKING GOOD I'M CUMMING!!!" he roared.