 How could he possibly concentrate on the sermon when the woman preaching it was so damn beautiful? 

She had way more curves than any minister ever should. Not even the alb could hide the heaving bust, tapered waist and round hips she had been blessed with. When her full, moist lips pronounced "Oh God" at the beginning of the pastoral prayer, all he could think about was how much he wanted to make her scream those very words as he took her. And it was all he could do when she broke the communion bread and said "Take of my body"...oh if only he could. 

He always sat at the back of the sanctuary. That way, he could make a quick exit before anyone had a chance to spy the thick, steely rod held tight against his leg by his trousers. If you asked him to repeat anything his pastor said, he would be at a loss for words. Everyone probably thought he was so taken by God's word when he closed his eyes, breathing heavy during the service. If they only knew what was going on in his head, how he'd lose himself in little scenarios like this—

He waited around after the service, when she returned from fellowship to gather up her sermon notes, the collar of her alb undone, exposing the white flesh of her neck. He stealthily followed her up to the chancel, into the pulpit and stood behind her, seemingly completely unknown to her. He inhaled her scent for a minute and let her curly red hair brush against his cheek before he pushed it aside so he could lay a single small, wet kiss behind her ear. She didn't start. She didn't turn around. She knew exactly who it was and exactly what he wanted and she wanted it to, so she just stood, her eyes closed as he wrapped his arms around her waist, drawing her closer as he continued to kiss down the soft skin of her neck. Even through the layers of her ceremonial garb, she could feel his cock rock hard and throbbing against her as he grasped her tighter and tighter. He nibbled and sucked at her neck as his hands moved up to cup her big breasts.

As he squeezed and massaged each tit through that pure white service robe of hers, she let out the softest moan and slid her hand between their bodies so she could stroke his cock, which was now about to explode from his pants. He turned her around violently and kissed her hard and deep, sliding his tongue into the mouth that had just minutes before brought him the word of God.

He led her over to the altar and began undoing the belt that held her alb closed, all the while still kissing her feverishly. He pulled away so he could undo her buttons, relishing in the slip of each one through its hole, bringing him closer and closer to finally viewing that beautiful body of hers uncovered. She looked at him hungrily as he worked, pleased that he would finally discover her secret. The more he unbuttoned, the more of her skin he saw—but no other fabric—he continued all the way down until he realized, pleasantly surprised that she was wearing absolutely nothing under that robe—she never did—not one single Sunday. Nothing but a pair of black lacy thigh highs and shiny black heels. He pushed back the panels of fabric and drank in the sight of her milky white flesh completely exposed as she leaned against the altar.

Full breasts heaving, cherry red nipples hard against the parish air, just begging to be sucked and bitten—but not yet. His eyes continued downward, past the soft skin of her abdomen, her round, curved hips, her thick white thighs interrupted by that lace. He couldn't stand it anymore. He pushed her down onto that table where she had served communion so many times before and stood before her, ready to worship at the altar. He ran his hands down the length of her body, squeezed her right breast, and slowly drew its nipple into his mouth. She moaned loud and it echoed off the arched ceiling above them. He sucked her breast hard and hungry while his hands moved up and down her body, riding her delicious curves like a skier on the slopes. 

He moved to the other breast, biting this one just slightly as she moaned some more, her hands undoing his tie, fumbling with the buttons of his shirt. He licked his way down her stomach, stopping to dip his tongue lightly into her navel before he focused his attention on her soft, thick inner thighs. He ran his hands up and down her silky skin, spreading her legs, kneeling before her, drinking in the sight of the exposed pink lips of her dripping wet pussy. She propped herself up on her elbows so she could watch him gaze at her. She was on the edge of melting with desire. "Lick me" she begged at this transfixed man between her legs. Far be it from him to deny her. 

He wrapped an arm around each leg, drew her down to the edge of the altar, spread those thick lips with his fingers and took one long lick up the entire length of her slit. She cried out in ecstacy as he slid his tongue into her, hard, deep wet strokes into her wetter pussy. He pressed his mouth hard against her mound has he sucked and licked and tasted all the juices she had to offer. Her gasps and moans bounced all over the stained glass, the columns, the empty pews before them. She arched her back and bucked her pussy, grinding it against his face as he ate her—deep and hard and slow, sampling every inch and every fold her silky sex had to offer.

She threw her head back and screamed out 'Oh God, Oh God' , which set his still rock hard cock throbbing against his still clothed leg. She felt herself cumming all over his face and she let herself go, completely surrendering to the pleasures her flesh had to offer, the alb still under her ass now soaking wet with her juice. 

She pushed him out from between her legs and sat up sweaty and shaking but starving for him. Immediately her hands were on his belt, undoing the buckle, the button, the zipper. She seized him so hard, he stumbled back, leaning against the pulpit as she yanked his pants down and wrapped both her hands around his thickly veined shaft. Hers was the mouth that prayed for him, that preached to him, that talked to God on his behalf, and now here it was sliding down over the head of his massive erection. She swirled her tongue around it like a lolli pop as she gripped it tight, letting the very tip of her tongue slip into the slit to get at the drop of precum waiting for her. She then took it, deeper and deeper—all the way down until her nose was lost in his hair. 

His cock was down her throat, and she sucked as she pulled it back out ever so slowly at first, then building speed, in and out as she clutched his balls in her hands. He ran his hands through the red spirals of her hair and grabbed the back of her head, pushing himself further and further into her mouth. She moaned as he breathed heavier and heavier, his pants still at his ankles, his jacket and shirt still on except for the few buttons she had managed to get at and his tie loosened around his neck.

"Fuck me with your mouth, Pastor" he found himself saying as she moaned her submission happily into his crotch and reached around to dig her nails into his asscheeks as she sucked him harder and deeper until suddenly, he grabbed her arms and pulled her to her feet. He swung her around and pushed her face down onto the altar. Her open alb still on her like a bathrobe, he threw it over her head as he spread her legs, leaning down to briefly bite her ass cheek before he slid the head of his pulsing cock deep into her dripping wet cunt. The both of them moaned loud and deep as inch after inch of him sunk into her. "Oh God yes, yes" she screamed—now this was the kind of prayer he'd been waiting to hear from her—"Fuck me, fuck me hard—Oh God I'm gonna cum" she said as her body shivered in orgasm after orgasm. He pounded her from behind harder and harder, his balls slapping against the pure white flesh of her ass. He held her hips and she met his thrusts with thrusts of her own, driving him deeper and deeper into her .

His eyes rolled back into his head as he leaned forward and grabbed her hair, pulling her up off the altar, exposing her breasts to his grasp. He squeezed each one hard as he fucked her, groaning and grunting as she begged him to cum inside her. "Shoot your load, fill me up" she cried and sure enough, he shot stream after stream deep into her pussy baptizing her insides the way she had baptized him. He fell onto her back, completely exhausted, sweaty and hot as the cum streamed down her leg and rolled over the shiny patent leather of the heels she was still wearing. The sanctuary smelled of sex and flesh and sin. He grabbed hold of her alb as he pulled himself out of her and wiped himself clean with its hem before he let it fall down covering her ass again as she laid there, still on the altar, still heaving with the look of heavenly satisfaction all over her face.

Amen...

He awoke from his dream as she wrapped up the final prayer before the offering. He looked down at the strategically placed bible in his lap and up at her as she made her way over to the altar to hand the offering plates to the deacons. No communion—not this Sunday—not for him.