 "I know of a real great spot to take some photos. You trust me," he asked as I pulled the car door shut. I turned toward him and smiled, "Yes of course I trust you." He pulled the car out of the drive and headed down the long stretch of highway.

I watched out the window without saying much. I was nervous, this was only the second time I had ever done a photo shoot. I listened to the hum of the engine and watched as the tree's passed by the window. In a short time he pulled into a parking lot. I looked around and saw a sign "Natural Trail, open dusk till dawn. "You ready for this?" he asked turning off the engine. 

"Yes," I told him reaching for my bag. "Which outfit should I wear?" I asked as I opened the bag.

"I'm thinking something sexy, maybe a thong and a cute sun dress." he told me winking as he opened the car door and stepped out. "Go ahead and change and I will get things ready."

In ten minutes we were in a secluded spot in the woods. There was a stream next to a bed of moss. On the opposite bank water was running down the rock wall. The trees were different shades of green, yellow and brown. "Ok," he told me. "Move back against the tree behind you. Bend you knee slightly and grip the hem of the dress." I did as he asked and he started snapping photos. He walked around me like a lion hunting prey. I watched every move his body made. Saw every muscle flex with the rise and fall of his arms as he took shot after shot.

"Why don't you lie on the moss," he told me as he moved near me. "Here lie on your back like this, do you mind if I pose you?" he asked placing the camera down. I shook my head in response and he knelt beside me. He slid his hand up the back of my right leg till he cupped the back of my knee. Then bending it slightly his hands moved to my other leg. Once my legs were positioned just right he put his hands on my waist and twisted my torso so my legs were one direction and my torso another.

He bend both my arms and crossed them over my head. Then his hand cupped my face. Looking into my eyes he turned my head to the side and slid his fingers down my cheek to my chin. "You're so beautiful," he whispered. "I am just going to pull the hem of the dress up a bit." he told me as his hand gripped the material. I felt the heat from his hand as he slowly slid the hem up my thigh. He continued to pull the hem until a tiny bit of the white silk thong showed on my hip.

He looked at me for a moment then stood with his camera in hand. He started shooting photos from above me then slowly moved to the ground till he was right next to me. "Here put your arm down," he said as he grabbed my hand. "Put it to your side like this." he told me as he moved my arm. He reached up and slid the strap of the sundress off my shoulder and down my arm. He kept pulling it down till my nipple slid out from under the fabric.

"Is this okay?" he asked looking into my eyes. I shook my head in response. I watched as his eyes moved from my face down my neck over my shoulder to my breast. The heat of his eyes burned my skin causing my cheeks to flush and my nipple to harden. The hand that was still holding the strap to the dress slid slowly over my arm and up my shoulder. Then as he looked into my eyes his hand slid down my chest over my breast. His eyes burned through me as his thumb ran over my nipple. I could not control the moan that slipped from my lips.

"You're beautiful," he whispered as his head dipped down and he took my nipple into his mouth. 

I felt the warmth of his tongue as it slid over my nipple. His lips worked around it pulling it deeper into his mouth. His tongue was as soft as silk, my body arched toward his mouth in a silent invitation. His hand slid around my breast cupping it while his lips and tongue sent my body into tiny convulsions. 

He lifted his head and whispered, "Don't move." Leaning back he grabbed the camera and took a photo of my wet taunt nipple. "Touch it for me," he whispered as he continued to shoot. I slid my hand over my stomach and up to my breast. Running my finger over the nipple. I felt a rush of heat go through me as I felt the moisture from his mouth. "Pinch it," he told me as he slipped the other strap off my shoulder. "That's it," he said to me as I slid my other hand down to cup my other breast.

I was getting warm all over feeling his eyes on me through the lens. I slid my hand lower and pushed the dress down to my waist. As I did he leaned back and started snapping the camera faster. "Arch your back," he told me as he snapped away. I did as he said arching my back so both nipples pointed up.

My hand slipped under the fabric of the dress and down. As it did he stood up and started walking around me taking shot after shot. My hand slid over my thong and cupped the warmth between my thighs. I was already moist I could feel the wetness through my panties. My finger slid under the side of the panties and I touched myself. As I did he leaned down and slipped the dress up so he could see my hand.

"Mmmm, How does that feel," He asked. My response was a deep moan as my finger slipped between the folds and inside of me. He got down on his knees and started taking photos of me touching myself. My back was arched and my eyes were closed so when I felt his hand on my belly it startled me.

"Shhh," He said, "Just relax." He dipped his head and began a trail of wet kisses over my stomach. I felt his warm tongue glide over my skin and thought I would lose control. His hand slid up my stomach to cup my breast as his mouth moved lower. I moved my hand away just as his mouth covered my wet panties. He slid one hand down my leg as his other hand moved the fabric of my panties aside.

My hips lifted and a moan escaped my lips as his mouth claimed me. At first his mouth moved slowly, then when he felt my response his tongue darted out and slipped between the folds to separate me. His tongue was like hot silk taking me. My breathing got fast and my hips were moving higher to meet his mouth. My hands slid into his hair pulling him closer. 

When his finger slid inside me I thought I would die of sheer pleasure. Soon my words matched the rhythm of my body and I was pleading with him, begging him for more. But he just kept torturing me with his mouth and tongue. I felt an intense heat building in my lower belly. When he realized I was close to climaxing he slid another finger inside me. His fingers moved in and out with the rise and fall of my hips as his tongue brought me to release.

My back arched and I let out a scream as my body began convulsing with tiny vibrations of pleasure. I felt him reach for my panties to take them off so I lifted my hips to help him. The dress was next and soon I was laying there naked looking up at him. "My god, your beautiful." he whispered as he came down to lie next to me.

He leaned down and kissed me, when I tasted myself on his mouth my excitement grew again. I became frantic, I wanted, needed to touch him. I reached for him trying to pull his shirt off. He took my hands in his and whispered, "Just relax, we will get to that. Right now I just want to look at you, touch you, kiss you, and taste you."

"Please," I begged.

His head dipped down and his mouth covered my nipple again pulling it inside and circling it with his tongue. As he did this his hand slid down my belly and rested just between my legs. He didn't move his hand just rested it on me feeling the warmth. This time when I reached for his shirt he let me take it off him.

When my hands touched the warm flesh of his chest I became frantic again. Never in my life had I wanted someone so much. I pushed at his chest till he rolled over on his back. I rolled with him and laid on top of him. His hands slid down my back and cupped my ass as his mouth claimed mine. As he deepened the kiss he pressed me into him and I felt him harden beneath me.

I slid my hands down the side of him and in between us touching him over his jeans. He was hard beneath my hands and I wanted to touch him, to taste him. I lifted up off him and began a trail of wet kisses down his neck to his chest. As he did, I took his nipple into my mouth and sucked. Running my tongue over the nipple feeling it tighten in my mouth. I moved lower to the waist line of his jeans stopping to look at him. He reached down and cupped my cheek running his fingers over my jaw. While looking into his eyes I unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them apart. Slipping my hand under the hem of his boxer briefs I cupped him. When I did a long breath escaped his lips.

I pulled his jeans and boxers down slightly and rubbed my face over him. I felt him stiffen and heard his deep intake of breath. I ran my lips over the tip of him and felt him wiggle beneath me. I lifted up and pulled down his pants and boxers till he was as naked as I was. Then positioned myself between his legs.

Slowly I ran my hands up his legs to his thigh and over the tiny patch of hair between his legs. Then lowering myself down I took him in my hands and began stroking him. His legs tightened and his hips bucked up silently begging me to continue. I ran my hand up and down the shaft while I slid my thumb over the tip. All the while I watched him.

His hands slid through my hair and over my chin. When he tipped his head back and closed his eyes I took him in my mouth. Running my tongue over the silky tip while my hand continued to stroke the shaft. I could feel myself getting wet when I heard the small moans coming from his lips. I began moving my hand and mouth faster then slower teasing him, pulling him in.

His hands gripped my hair and his hips bucked pressing himself deeper into my mouth. I took him out of my mouth and ran my tongue up and down the shaft then lightly sucked the tip. He gripped my shoulders and pulled at me trying to get me to move up his body. When I did he flipped me over on my belly and began kissing me down my back. I could feel small nibbles then he would lick. My body was on fire, I wanted him inside me.

His hand slid down between my legs and started rubbing me as he slipped a finger deep inside me. My hips lifted to pull it in deeper. He turned me over and picked up where he left off earlier. His tongue was probing deep inside me while he rubbed me with his thumb. I could feel the heat building inside me and my hips lifted to his mouth.

He slipped his hands under me lifting my hips to press me against his mouth. His tongue ran up and down then inside me. My hips bucked and twisted when the climax ripped through me. I reached for him but he kept me there his mouth and tongue probing deep inside me.

He positioned himself between my legs and rubbed his penis up and down where his tongue just was. Then slowly he slipped it inside me. I could feel my body stretch to accommodate him, then as it did I felt it wrap around him. He pressed deep inside me and rested, waiting, holding his breath. Then slowly he began to move in and out deeper and deeper. His hands slipped under me and lifted me to sit on his lap. I started rotating my hips and pulling him inside me, rocking up and down, riding him. He kissed me deeply, wild then gripped my shoulders to arch my back. I felt his mouth claim my nipple and my hips bucked into him as he pressed into me.

We soon found a rhythm that had us both panting and gasping. I could feel the heat building in my belly again as an explosive climax ripped through me. I gripped his shoulders and let out a yell just as he reached climax. His body bucked and he pressed deep inside me as his mouth claimed mine swallowing my screams.