 The air was sharp and cold and a gust blew up my long skirt as I stepped onto the city street. My hands were cold as I dropped quarters into the parking meter. 

"Now where was that shop?" I said aloud to no one in particular. At the word 'shop' I felt a tingling, remembering the night.

At the shop we had spent a night so erotic we had spent hours recounting memories, while we made love. Each time we remembered, it heightened the heat. So here I was in the cold light of day, looking for the shop, for a surprise night for my beautiful husband lover at the place whose enchantment made him hard and me moist and soft. I stopped at the place I remembered and rung the bell. The door was opened by a beautiful woman about my age with soft red curls and hazel eyes that had glints of green and yellow sparkles.

"She said to let you in and tell you that she was expecting you." She said. "I'm Anna." 

I relaxed a little and told her my name. "Oh!" She exclaimed with a lilt in her voice. "I know your husband, we worked together for a time. He is so nice and intelligent."

This was not at all what I expected. I had hoped to slip in unobtrusively and plan a wonderful hot night for my husband. Just as I was thinking of slipping out the other woman walked into the room.

"Ahh," she said. "You are right on time. We can begin." She was the woman of the shop, beautifully dressed, her long hair wound around and around in a braid that circled her head. Beautiful exotic earrings hung from her ears with symbols that looked ancient.

"My darlings. I have been expecting you. I am making plans for both of you." She pushed the tea toward us. Plans? What kind of plans. I did not want the tea now.

"Do not worry. This is another kind of tea, this is a planning meeting. You have both requested the same thing for your husbands and you both arrived at the same time without planning. Just as I dreamed." She announced.

"You both love your husbands most deeply and wish to make a beautiful night of love. So. We will. I will not charge you, but I will make you dream for me. You will dream, write down your dreams for me, and I will use them for an extraordinary erotic evening of love for you and your beloveds, and for others as well. And." She said as she leaned towards us, "This tea will have a youthful effect upon you. You will live a long time and as you make beautiful love to your husbands, they will remain young as well."

She gave us the packets of tea and offered us the opportunity to meet back in one month, the same day of the week and time of day. "And remember," she warned us sternly. "If you do not both do this, you will not have the erotic gifts you have chosen. Everything comes with a price. Be brave, believe in your beauty." 

"And, this is most important. She said looking at both of us directly, with deep forcefulness "Eroticism is a gift of the soul."

We stepped out of the shop staring at each other. 

I looked at her and said, "Let's meet in four days. If either of us has a dream we will write it down, and next Friday we will share them."

"Done!" She said and we hugged each other, neither of us realizing that a strong wind had blown by us, circling January snow around. As I turned to go, I saw the curtain move and the old woman stood at the door smiling and nodding to me. She waved and disappeared.

That night, I sipped my tea before bed.

"What's that smell?" My husband said as he slipped into bed with me. I shrugged. "Some kind of tea that's supposed to give you good dreams." I answered with a shrug.

As I fell asleep, I found myself far away, in a dream. I was in a house of stone. There were rich tapestries on the wall and candles lit the way. In the distance I heard the soft voices of others. I was wearing a velvet gown. 

A man dressed formally addressed me, "Ahh you've arrived." he said and took my wrap. I realized my velvet dress was very low cut providing a daring revelation of my full breasts as I stepped into the dimly lit great room. I realized my dress had long slits on the side.

I saw my husband across the room. He looked handsome in his white shirt and dark pants. Standing beside him was a man I did not recognize and he was staring intently just to the right of me. I glanced over and was shocked to see Anna. Like me she was wearing a low cut velvet gown and like mine, there were slits up the side revealing her long legs. She walked dreamlike to the man and he embraced her, as she leaned into him, I realized the dress moved aside and you could see the curve of her bottom. Her husband's hand traced it, and then pulled it slightly to the side so all could see the full curve, the long slit. He picked her up and swung her around, and much was revealed. 

As I was absorbing this beautiful vision, I realized two things; one I was feeling this deeply erotic pull, and second my husband was standing next to me. Unlike me he seemed perfectly comfortable and the rest of the people had turned back to their partners while my husband leaned into me and kissed me with deep heat.

"You look magnificent." He said, kissing me again. I kissed him back, and felt his hands on my back and into the slit of my dress, his hands over and under. Caressing my bottom. I sighed contentedly, forgetting everyone around me.

Suddenly I felt a tap on my shoulder. "Come". A voice commanded.

It was then I saw her. The woman of the shop. Dressed beautifully, jeweled, but with the same earrings. "Come now to a private room." We followed her upstairs and entered a suite of rooms where there was a beautiful table set. Upon the table were cushions with tables of snacks all around the room.

We were called to the table, a bell was rung, and a slender young woman was lifted to the table. Her lover stood at her side and removed her clothing, by unclasping the pin at her bodice. My pussy clenched as I realized that my dress was the same. I looked across the room at Anna, who glanced at me in shock. The beautiful woman then removed the clothes of the man. As he was being undressed the other men began caressing the woman on the table and she groaned with pleasure. We watched as the woman stroked and caressed the man. He moaned. We watched as his cock grew long and hard. The older woman tapped Anna on the shoulder and she went over and knelt before him, her delicate white hand gently caressed his cock while his partner was caressed on the table. He groaned as she slid his cock into her mouth and out again, licking around the tip. Just then, she was tapped on the shoulder and stepped back. The woman was lifted off the table and set naked on her feet. Her eyes held the glazed look of a woman near orgasm and she was led to a couch on the side as Anna was lifted onto the table. I was brought to her husband and knelt down and pulled his cock into my mouth. As I licked the underside I looked at my husband who smiled sweetly at me. I watched him and thought of his cock, and as I closed my eyes I was wrapped in the feeling of being watched. Suddenly I was tugged away and a voice whispered in my ear, "We will make a film of this, if you would allow." 

I nodded my head affirmatively because by now I was feeling the tea and I only wanted the feel of my husband in me, and I barely felt it as I was lifted onto the table. Hands caressed me all around and I looked for my husband and I saw him, Anna naked at his feet, her mouth on his beautiful cock, growing longer and longer, a look of ecstasy on his face.

I sighed as hands caressed my breast, touched my lips and reached between my legs, caressing, touching gently, I could feel the orgasm coming from far away, until it stopped. The men backed away and there was Anna's husband standing nearby. We were led to a side room with two beds. Anna in one bed, naked and moist. I watched as her husband climbed onto her, parting her legs, I watched his cock, slip into her and out again, I could feel her ecstasy. I went and laid down in the other bed looking to my husband, hot for him. He climbed on. He kissed my face. He cupped my breast, touching my nipples. I felt on fire for him, for ecstasy and I looked into his eyes with love, with desire. With a madness for his body.

"Please. Come into me, come home." I said. "Ride me hard, deep inside."

He smiled the tenderest of smiles and began to slip inside me. Later we would share that we were being watched. We barely knew it, and I shuddered with an orgasm and felt his release inside me.+

"My dearest one." I said as I let go. We held each other as we crashed.

I woke up from the dream suddenly. My pussy soaking the sheet beneath me.

The dream felt fuzzy and strange. But the oddest part was my husband, still asleep, was thrusting next to me, his face urgent under the spell of love. Gently I touched his raging cock and he released into my hand. Sleepily, he looked at me, "I had the oddest dream." I smiled, "It looked beautiful." I said and kissed him deeply. His arms wound around me and we fell asleep.

The next morning I wrote everything down that I had experienced. What would Anna think? I wondered.