 I work in retail security for a large department store. It's a great job, mostly catching shoplifters and an occasional dishonest employee. I love all the high tech security equipment. Our cameras are so sophisticated we can zoom in on the label in a shirt or the button on a blouse. It doesn't hurt that most of the shoplifters are women. You'd be amazed at what a woman will do to avoid being prosecuted for shoplifting. Some of the best sex of my life has been right there in the interview room adjacent to the surveillance equipment.

One Tuesday morning I'm watching the bank of monitors and an attractive blonde catches my eye. I zoom in on her ass and my cock stirs. She's wearing a short, tight red skirt that stretches across her lovely curves as she walks down the aisle. Her long blonde hair is clipped into a ponytail that swishes back and forth as she walks. I set an adjacent monitor to a camera in front of her and zoom in on her tits. Her scoop neck top reveals a significant amount of tanned cleavage before curving out around the fullness of her breasts. Her tits sit firm and high, bouncing slightly as she moves through the aisles of the jewelry department. I tear my eyes from her tits long enough to look at her face. She's beautiful in an understated sort of way. Not showgirl beautiful, more like girl next-door kind of beautiful. 

If I didn't have both cameras on her so I could watch her tits and ass at the same time, I might have missed it. I have to admit she was quick. Another customer was at the high-end jewelry counter trying on a variety of gold earrings. Blondie slipped a pair in her purse as she passed the counter. Hot damn! I was out of my chair in an instant and heading down the stairs towards jewelry. Normally I would have radioed a floor operative to make the stop, but it's a slow time in the middle of the week and I'm the only security agent scheduled.

I intercept her as she's making her way toward the mall entrance.

"Excuse me, miss," I say approaching her, "I'm Rick Carlson with store security, would you please come with me?" I'm blocking her from exiting the store and indicating the direction of the elevator with my hand.

"Why? What's wrong?" She says innocently, obviously appraising the situation.

"I think it's best if we talk in the office, rather than out here in public." I tell her starting to move her towards the elevator.

"Talk about what? What's this all about? I don't have to go anywhere with you." She says indignantly. I love the innocent act they all put on. After doing this for twenty years, it's a comfortable routine. But there is nothing routine about this woman. Up close she is even more beautiful than on the camera. She looks to be in her late twenties or early thirties. Her tits appear to be about 36 C or D and I'm trying not to stare at them as they disappear into her pink, lace bra. 

"No ma'am you don't have to go anywhere with me. I can summon the local police and let them take care of everything. I just thought you'd like a chance to explain to me why those earrings are in your purse. Your choice." I again motion her toward the elevator and this time she starts walking. I let her get a few steps ahead of me so I can watch her ass move. I again feel my cock stirring at the sight of her perfectly rounded ass cheeks rippling as she walks.

In the elevator, she says, "You're making a big mistake! I don't know what you're talking about and I'll have your job for embarrassing me like this." She'd make a great actress. I don't answer her, I just press the elevator button and we ride up in silence. I take her into the security office that doubles as a holding/interrogation room. She continues to deny everything until I offer to show her the video of her slipping the earrings into her purse. Suddenly, her demeanor changes and she confesses.

"Alright, you got me." She says, handing the earrings to me. "It was a stupid, impulsive thing to do. Now what? Am I banned from the store?" She seems to know that we don't normally involve the police as long as the merchandise is returned. 

This is the sexiest woman I have ever seen. She's sitting about three feet away facing me with her legs crossed. Her skirt has ridden halfway up her thigh and I can't help but picture the heated intersection of those lovely legs as I contemplate my next move.

"Of course, you're banned from the store. You will also be prosecuted for shoplifting and what happens there will depend on the judge." I've decided to push her a little and see what happens. My gut instinct says this woman will do anything to avoid prosecution.

"Prosecution! What are you talking about? It's a fucking pair of earrings. You've got them back what more do you want?" She's fuming, but also very nervous as she uncrosses and then crosses her legs again.

"Those earrings are worth over $300. That makes this crime a felony. I am obliged to notify the authorities and they take it from there. If you'll wait here a minute, I'll be right back." I say, getting up and heading towards the door. I've done this so many times that I can almost predict to the second how long it will take her to stop me.

"Wait." She says more calmly, "I'm sure we can work something out. You really don't want me to be arrested do you?" She's flashing me her sexiest smile and leaning forward to show more cleavage. I glance down her blouse as I turn around and walk back to my seat. Her tan line stops about halfway down her tits and her milky white breasts are visible to just above her nipples. 

"What do you mean?" Now it's my turn to be innocent. "It's not my fault you'll be arrested. I'm not the one who took the earrings." I tell her in my most condescending voice.

"You're right." She says, trying to reconcile, "It's just that, well what if that's not all I've taken. You'd look pretty foolish if it turns out I have other items hidden on my person." She's looking right at me with a half-smile on her face. "You haven't even patted me down. I might have a concealed weapon or something. How long have you been doing this anyway?" She laughs.

Long enough to know where this is headed. I get up and lock the door. This beautiful sexy woman wants to play cops & robbers and she's assigned me the dominant role. 

"Alright stand up." I say in an authoritative tone, "Put your hands on your head. She eagerly complies. I start by patting down her back and shoulders. Then I run my hands roughly over her breasts, squeezing each one and feeling over, under and around them.

"They're real." she says, my hands still on her breasts, "no hiding places there." I pinch her nipples through her bra before sliding my hands down her sides and her flat stomach. I squat down as I run my hands down her hips then back over the cheeks of her ass. I squeeze her ass cheeks and run my fingers down between them before continuing down her legs. My cock is pushing against the inside of my pants as I begin to feel my way up her leg. With both hands on one leg I slide them up under her skirt and around her thigh. She spreads her legs to give me better access and my hands slide all the way up until I'm rubbing against her panty covered pussy. I move my hands to her other leg and can feel the heat as I again get close to her pussy. I look up and see that she has her eyes closed. I decide to tease her a little and I remove my hands and stand up. 

"You're clean, nothing hiding anywhere." I say as she opens her eyes and looks right at the bulge in my pants.

"Are you sure, officer? You haven't done a full cavity search. You don't know what I could be hiding. "She says dreamily, standing before me with her hands still on her head. This woman is hot. I'm starting to suspect that shoplifting wasn't her motivation at all; it was getting caught.

I stand up facing her about two inches away from her face. "Strip!" I bark at her. "I'm going to have to do a cavity search to ensure you don't have any contraband." 

She smiles at me and lifts her blouse over her head. Her pink lace bra can only contain about one third of her full voluptuous tits and I can't help but stare at them as she removes her bra. She reaches behind her and unhooks the clasp while she continues to smile at me and shrugs her bra off her shoulders. Her rose colored nipples, bouncing on the ends of her tits are set in two inch areolas surrounded by milky white flesh. I again search all around her tits, lifting each one, squeezing it, pinching the nipples then letting it drop heavily against her chest. 

"Now your skirt!" I snap at her. She unzips her skirt and lets it fall to the floor. She's wearing a pink thong that matches her bra. The small triangle of material barely conceals the patch of blonde hair visible behind it. I again cup her ass cheeks, kneading them and spreading them apart before pulling the thin strip of material out from between them and removing the pussy soaked thong. This woman is really getting off on this.

"Turn around and bend over." She moves quickly into position, even anticipating my next command by reaching back and spreading her ass cheeks with her hands. Her beautifully rounded ass is on display a few inches from me. I'm tempted to just drop my pants and slide my hard cock right into her pussy from behind. I resist the temptation momentarily.

"I am going to do a full cavity search. You better not be hiding anything." I berate her. I'm certainly not hiding anything the way my cock is tenting my trousers. I pull my chair over and sit down with my face inches from her ass and her pussy lips below it. She lets out a low moan as I run my thumb over her wet pussy lips and slide two fingers up inside her pussy. I move them all around the walls, as if I'm actually doing a cavity search. She is pushing back, humping against my fingers. I remove them and smack her hard across her ass cheeks. 

"This is not a game! "I below, "This is a serious search for contraband! You will hold still. Do you understand?" 

"Yes, sir!" She says, timidly. She really likes playing this role and her pussy is gushing juice from the smack and the rebuke. I push three fingers back inside her pussy and twist them all around. She is almost whimpering.

"Nothing in there." I state matter-of-factly as I remove my fingers and I slide one into her ass. She gasps, and then reaches back to hold her cheeks apart. "I didn't tell you to do that, did I?"

"No, sir!" She says moving her hands in front of her. I continue pushing my finger in and out of her ass while I pinch and twist her pussy lips with my other hand. She is writhing under my touch, moaning and drenching my hand with her juices. I pull my hands free, smack her ass again and tell her to stand up and turn around. 

She turns to face me and I notice how hard her nipples have gotten. They are as thick as a dime and look like little bullets sticking out from her creamy white mounds. I continue with the cavity search, by putting my fingers, just removed from her pussy and her ass, into her mouth, feeling all around for contraband. She murmurs something while I'm doing this then starts sucking the juices off my fingers. 

"You seem not to have any other items." I tell her removing my fingers from her hungry mouth. She runs her hand over my crotch, up and down my hard cock. It feels good, but I'm staying in character.

"Who told you to touch me?" I yell! "Put your hands behind your back, right now." I pick up my handcuffs from the desk and she sighs as I cuff her hands behind her back. Pulling her hands behind her has the effect of jutting her breasts out and I can't resist putting my mouth over her fully erect nipples. I suck, nibble and bite each of her thick nipples until she is moaning softly. I roll each one in my teeth, biting and flicking it with my tongue. Her head is back, her eyes are closed and her thick cream is oozing down between her thighs. Her nipples are bright red when I'm finished and I flick each one with my finger causing her to yelp. 

Kneeling in front of her I run my tongue up the insides of her wet thighs. I lick everywhere except her pussy lips, teasing her mercilessly. She squats down a couple of times trying to push her pussy against my tongue, but I lean back and smack her ass and she stands back up. Finally, I lick one long stroke up her pussy lips all the way to her hooded clit.

"Ohhh yeah!" She gasps. "Lick my pussy!" I turn my head slightly and insert my tongue into her steaming pussy, lapping up her juices like a man dying of thirst. Nothing is gentle; I know that's not what she wants. I bite her lips and flick her sensitive nipples with my fingers as I continue to eat her pussy. I move my mouth up to her clit and insert three fingers inside her pussy, finger fucking her as I suck her clit. She's humping back against my mouth and moaning loudly.

"Oh fuck! Oh God! So good! So fucking good!" She's arching her back and trying to stay on her feet, with her hands still cuffed behind her. I've got one hand squeezing her ass cheeks and holding her up, the other hand finger-fucking her pussy while I continue to suck and bite her clit. Her orgasm builds with a trembling in her legs, a long low moan from her lips and a violent jerking of her hips against my face until the flood-gates open and her juices gush over my fingers and down my arm. I pull my fingers out and lap up as much of her juice as I can. 

I turn her around and undo the handcuffs. I quickly shed my clothes and bend her over the desk. My cock slams deep into her pussy in one hard stroke. She gasps once then thrusts her ass back against my cock. We set a rhythm with her ass pushing back to meet me stroke for stroke. I pound into her with my hard, throbbing cock, holding onto her hips for leverage. Her slick, wet pussy fits snugly around my cock engulfing it in a rich hot blanket of pulsating muscle. 

"Oh, fuck! Faster! Harder! Oh fuck me! I'm cumming again! Oh fuck!" she's yelling as I pound harder and faster into her burning snatch. I lean forward, reaching under her to grab her tits. I pinch her nipples, pulling and twisting them as she nears her climax. I feel her pussy muscles clench and spasm as the first wave of her orgasm gushes forth. Her hot juices flowing around my cock pushes me over the top and I slam deep inside her, shooting my load in wild jerky thrusts. 

Were both panting and catching our breath. I lean against her back, leaving my cock buried deep inside her quivering pussy. She's the first to speak.

"Fuck. That was amazing!" She says, looking back over her shoulder at me. I decide to stay in character for a few more minutes. I stand up, pull out of her smacking her hard on the ass. 

"Who said you could talk?" I ask her. "I'll show you why God gave you that mouth and it wasn't for talking!" I turn her around and push her down to her knees. "Now shut up and clean me up!" I command.

She smiles at me then wraps her lips around my cock and begins sucking and licking off the combination of our juices. She is amazing with her tongue and in no time my cock is fully recovered and I'm humping her warm mouth. She uses her hands to massage my balls and stroke my cock as she continues to take me deeper and deeper in her mouth. She keeps at it until her nose is pressed against my pubic hair and my cock is buried in her throat. She keeps flicking the underside of my cock with her tongue and I tense my legs and hold the back of her head as I shoot deep into her throat. She swallows every drop, cleans my cock with her tongue then sits back licking her lips. 

"So" she says, looking up at me while she licks the last bit of cum off her lips, "have we settled the case out of court?" She's still on her knees, sitting back on her feet. I'm looking down at her beautiful big tits with large pointed nipples.

"That depends on whether or not you've learned your lesson." I tell her, still somewhat in character but unable to take my eyes off her amazing body.

"Oh I've learned my lesson alright!" She says with a mischievous smile on her lips, "I know exactly where I'll shoplift from now on."