 "Excuse me. I was wondering if I could get my homecoming pictures taken here?" asked the soft, angelic voice of a young girl who just walked into Jane's photo studio.

Jane sat at the front desk with her face planted in her laptop doing a bit of research online.

"We do homecomings, proms, birthdays, bar mitzvahs............" Jane trailed off once she looked up from her laptop and was astounded by the young girl's profoundly gigantic bowling ball-sized knockers that were wrapped taut beneath a Superman signature tee-shirt. The Superman signature S logo was widely stretched over her large chest with her two ample spheres heaving below it, protruding enormously from the middle of her chest right at Jane with her nipples looking quite prominent even through the fabric of her massive brassiere.

"So, you do homecomings?' the young lady asked.

Jane quickly snapped out of her spellbinding stare at the young girl's monstrous jugs, as they heaved with each of her breaths.

"Yes! Yes, we do," she answered hastily, as her eyes drifted back and forth between the young lady's striking crystal clear-blue eyes that were concealed behind a pair of small circular, intellectual looking bifocals and her superb set of whopping fun-bags. She then looked over and notice a tall man standing closely behind her.

"So I take it you and your boyfriend here want to do something special for homecoming?" Jane speculated.

"Oh, Seth isn't my boyfriend," the young girl referring to the guy behind her. "He's a friend of mines and I'm not his type... He's gay."

"Oh, I see," responded Jane, as she looked over at the young man who bared a striking resemblance to the gay actor from The Big Bang Theory; Jim Parsons but his hair was dirty-blond and spiked up. Totally last year's hairstyle, Jane thought. She also noticed his hair wasn't the only thing spiked up. He kept momentary looking at Jane as if he was nervous about something...

"Oh, and I'm Rebecca Mitchell but everyone either calls me Becky or Becca... Sometimes even more then that," the young girl replied in a sorrow tone.

"Yeah, like Becky Boulders, Bowling Ball Becky or Busty Becky or Big Boobie Becca," spoke her gay friend Seth in a sassy tone.

"Gosh, thanks Seth. I'm sure the nice lady is very interested in the nicknames they call me because of my humongous boobs," Rebecca sarcastically replied.

If only Rebecca and Seth knew that Jane had an obsession with huge tits and Rebecca had plenty on her chest shelf. To hear the two of them talk about Rebecca's breasts made Jane quite aroused.

"Say, Becky. If you have an hour or two to spare for the moment, I would really like to take some photos of you as a practice run, if that's okay?" Jane asked.

Rebecca was a bit confused by this sudden offer.

"Like, right now? I mean, won't it cost me?" she nervously asked.

"Yes. At this very moment and no, I won't charge you this time. It's on the house."

"Well Seth and I didn't have any plans at the moment, so we can spare a couple of hours," Rebecca said.

Seth didn't look to thrilled about this out of the blue photo shoot.

"Well Becca, if your going to get your picture taken for a few hours, I think I'll just go wait in the car."

"Nonsense!" Jane exclaimed. "She's your best friend. You should be here and support her. That's what friends do."

"You know, she's right Seth. Plus, you know I'm a little camera shy. I need someone I know here with me," pouted Rebecca.

"Fine. Alright. I'll stay but can we like finish this is under two hours because I don't want to miss a minute of Friends."

"Great! Right this way please."

Jane pointed the two of them towards the photo studio set. Jane couldn't pry her eyes off Rebecca as she surveyed the overly well-endowed young lady from behind. 

At 5'2, Rebecca had a voluptuous body similar to porn model Ashley Sage Elliot. Her light golden-brown hair flowed straight and was thrown into a long ponytail that stopped between her shoulder blades. Confined within a pair of loose fitting dark faded blue jeans were Rebecca's full, childbearing hips and big, shapely soft ass. She also wore a pair of brown furry boots which Jane deemed horrendous in an issue of DAMSEL last year. 

"Rebecca, you take a seat on the bed. Seth, you sit in that chair and don't make a peep," instructed Jane.

Jane watched as Rebecca took a seat on the bed and gasped at how her heavy full melons nearly came to rest in her lap.

"So why do you have a bed in your studio?" Seth nosily asked.

"Some people like to take intimate photos, now hush you," Jane replied politely.

"So, is there any certain poses you want me to do?" curiously asked Rebecca, as Jane was putting together her camera.

"I'll direct you as I'm taking your pictures but I have to ask you something and it might be a bit personal but, how old were you when you started developing your breasts?"

"Oh, its not too personal. Believe me, I get asked this a lot. About when I turned eleven and they haven't stopped since then," Rebecca confidently asked. "I was pretty much the bustiest girl in all my grade levels." 

"And your how old now?" Jane asked, snapping photos of the young busty scarlet.

"18."

"Wow! 18!" Jane replied astonished.

"Yep, 18 and the sometimes proud owner of a bra size, 38I."

Jane stopped snapping pictures for a brief second after Rebecca revealed her bra size, then continued.

"Holy cow!! An I cup?? And only 18??" responded an excited Jane.

"Yeah. Kind of runs in the family. Well, it must had skipped a generation because my grandma has super large breasts and so does my older sister and two aunts. Their cup sizes are a lot bigger then mines," Rebecca explained. "Mom wasn't so lucky."

"That's... quite... remarkable," Jane lustfully replied with an insane visual in her head of Rebecca's grandma, aunts and sister looking like her with even bigger boobs. "We must do a family portrait real soon." Jane laughed as she took a quick peek over at Seth and noticed how he crossed his legs frequently as if he was trying to hide his erection...

"Say, if your not too embarrassed by your breasts, could you show me? You don't see ones as large as yours on a regular basic," Jane requested.

Rebecca immediately began blushing, as her beige-colored cheeks turned red.

"Will you look at the time. I also forgot Friends started early tonight! We should be going Becky. I'm not liking this photographer," said Seth.

"Well, gosh... I don't know. Its hard for me to bare my tits in front of my girl friends and guys I date, let alone some woman who I don't know," Rebecca explained. "And Seth has never seen my tits, even though he's gay and they don't excite him."

"Its my job to make sure you feel relaxed with your body when taking photos. I'm sure your prom dress will display a lot of cleavage, and if not, there isn't a dress big enough to hide your breasts. I want you to be comfortable with them and be proud of them all the time and not just some of the time. Plus, its only me and your gay friend Seth. With breasts your sizes, I don't see how any man, gay or straight could not get excited," explained Jane.

Seth looked a bit nervous as he and Jane waited on Rebecca's answer.

"Relax Seth. I set the DVR just in case. And Jane's right. I need to be proud of my breasts all the time," she naively answered.

Jane softly gasped and licked her lips as she snapped pictures of Rebecca removing her taut Superman tee shirt and revealed a huge, bulky purple brassiere that showed a gorge of pillowy cleavage. Rebecca's tits were truly the biggest she was about to see with the exception of Charlene and Jane counted down and anticipated the day she would get to see Charlene's titanic monsters in their naked glory... 

Jane was extremely turned on just by the size of the gigantic bra cups that housed two immense, beige-colored balloons Rebecca called boobs. The harness like bra was straining at the seams as her swelled melons pushed against the lacy material. The thin shoulder straps no doubt dug into the poor girl's shoulders due to the gigantic weight of her tits. Even though Jane preferred men, she wouldn't mind having her way with those thick swollen udders hanging from Rebecca's large chest and judging by Seth and his dick's reaction, he wouldn't mind neither... 

"I can't begin to tell you how uncomfortable it is wearing huge bras. As you can see, they are not very sexy and appealing," Rebecca replied, as she reached around her back to unsnap the grand contraption that restrained her oversized jugs.

"Hold on a minute Rebecca. Why don't we let your wonderful gay buddy Seth take off your bra?" Jane suggested. "I mean, he probably doesn't have a whole lot of experience taking off woman's bras but lets see if he can do it. Might be fun to see him squirm."

"Okay!" Rebecca excitedly agreed.

"I don't want too," Seth sassed, as he rejected the offer.

"Oh, come on Seth. This is no time for you to start upholding your gay rights! Get over there and help your friend out," scolded Jane.

Seth seemed to be agonizing, not only over his decision to participate but over his fully-blown erection.

"Alright Becky. Turn around so I can loosen the darn thing," Seth sassed.

Rebecca turned around with her back towards Seth as he stood up. Jane gasped... She wasn't as much surprised to know that Seth wasn't really gay and that he sprung an erection, but it was the size of his erection that overwhelmed and aroused Jane. His large hard wood obscenely swelled against his jeans and he obviously didn't want Rebecca to see it but Jane got an eyeful and sunk it in.

Seth stayed close to the edge of the bed while he reached over and started unhooking the multiple layers of hooks to Rebecca's giant bra. When he finished the unhooking the last latch, he quickly returned to his seat to try and hide his enormous boner.

"Are you guys ready to see why its not easy being me?" Rebecca teased, as she left the oversized bra drop to the floor. She stood up and turned around with her tiny hands failing miserably to cover up her whopping breasts that dominated her whole chest. After a few seconds of teasing, Rebecca dropped her arms to her sides and allowed her humongous beige-colored tits to be exposed to Jane's and Seth's eyes...

"Holy shit girlie! You got a pair of fucking pumpkins strapped to your chest! Never in my life have I seen such beautiful breasts in such a riveting size!" praised a horny Jane. "Doesn't she have terrific breasts, Seth? Why aren't you looking Seth?"

"I'm maybe gay but I'm still a man and I don't want to come off as some pervert," he answered.

"Gosh Seth... You act as if you're the one who's exposing their breasts. I am. Will you please look," pleaded Rebecca.

"Yeah Seth. I mean, you're gay right? Gay men don't attend to get aroused when looking at a woman's breasts... Or do they?" said Jane. "Why don't you prove us wrong."

Seth had his legs tightly crossed and mauling the sofa cushion while keeping his eyes away from a topless Rebecca. The two continued nagging him about looking until he finally caved in.

"Okay, shit! Shut the fuck up! I'll look for heaven sakes if it means that much to both of you bitches," he sassed.

Seth turned his head towards his topless friend and attempted to keep a calm demeanor and a straight face as he got his first eyeful of Rebecca's enormous 38I milk cans in all their naked, beige-colored, and veiny glory. Rebecca had those "can't see my feet over my breasts" type tits that protruded and swooped naturally low from the middle of her chest to where the plump bottoms of her breasts stopped above her naval. The thick, meaty flesh cannons were firm and a tad perky with few stretch marks at the tops with a barrage of light-blue veins circulating through them and toppled with peach drink coaster-sized areolas and petite rosy nipples. Her 5'2 voluptuous stout figure reinforced the emphasis that her gargantuan breasts truly dominated her body. The sight of Becky's naked mammoth bulbous breasts caused Seth to prematurely erupt in his skinny jeans and he softly moaned with the release...

"What do you think of those Seth? If you were a straight man, wouldn't you want to just bury your head between those monsters and never come out? Sunk your fingers into their soft pliable flesh and squeeze until your heart is content? Wrapping your lips around one of those hard rosy nipples with your face smashed against the spongy warmth of her tit while sucking for dear life hoping to extract some milk? And how could you not want to thrust your big, harden dick in between all the mountainous flesh and fuck them until your blue in the face and you cum in hers?" Jane taunted. 

Rebecca blushed hearing Jane speak in such a lewd manner about her tits and not surprisingly, the talk aroused her. Seth didn't answer and just ignored Jane and the fact that his cock left a large cum stain on his left pants leg. Fortunate for him, his right leg was covering most of it.

"Becky, could you give us a little show like bouncing your boobs? Swing them from side to side. Its just to incredible to stand before a young beauty like yourself with such large breasts," suggested Jane. "Also makes for some good shots!"

Rebecca didn't oppose and placed her arms to her sides. She hopped and skipped in place to upsurge her heavy milk bags to her chin and back down to her waistline to the delighted Jane and the calm Seth, whom was really fighting a deep urge to pull out his enormous, rock-hard cock and bust the biggest load he ever produced on her bouncing jugs. Her monster tits flopped up and down, slapping with thuds against her ribcages, her flat stomach and each other.

After the spectacular bouncing show, Rebecca lifted her arms up and placed her hands behind her head. She swung her upper torso from side to side swaying her tremendously giant breasts. She turned around with her back facing Jane and Seth so they could see just how far out and behind her gargantuan knockers could sway. Both Jane and Seth were mesmerize and fought their horny urges to play with themselves for the moment...

About after a minute of swinging her incredible 38I tits standing upright, Rebecca turned back around and leaned forward so her pliable tits dangled down towards the floor showing a jaw-dropping, eye-popping, mouthwatering, dick hard spectacle of her crayon of cleavage. It looked as if bowling balls were pulling down and stretching the poor girl's skin beyond limits. Rebecca shimmered her shoulders from side to side launching her immense fat udders into a flopping, jiggling frenzy. Her tits looked like they were being hit by small tremors. Seth's and Jane's eyes were deeply glued to the mind-boggling showcase. 

Rebecca kept shimming up for a minute, then slowed down and swung her bowling-ball knockers in heavy, circular motions and side to side. Jane was just at a complete loss for words as she took in the pleasure of Rebecca's fantastic titty show. Her nipples were so hard, they could cut through her blouse and pussy so wet, she could make a sizable puddle at her feet. She took a quick glance over at Seth and saw his hard cock was largely swollen and on the verge of bursting through his tight-fitting jeans.

Jane certainly didn't want the titty-swinging show to end but she wanted to see what else Rebecca could do with her colossal baby feeders. 

"Say, Becky, that was an unbelievable show, my god but I was curious if you could suck your own nipple?" Jane asked with caution.

"But of course. I've done it many times while masturbating," Rebecca explicitly answered. "I just love having my nipples sucked! Of course, its feels better when a guy is doing it because then I don't have to lift up my own heavy boob but I'll show you, if you like?"

"Oh, you bet! It'll also make for a nice shot!"

Rebecca lifted up one of her largely heavy jugs with both hands and brought it towards her. She hungrily sucked on her harden teat attached to the gigantic jug. She moaned as she occasionally licked the smooth surface around her nipple and suckled it. 

"I get so horny when my nipples are sucked," Rebecca moaned, pausing for a moment to squeeze and grope the immense tit she sucked on. After a few minutes, she dropped the profound tit and hoisted up its twin to give it the same oral treatment. Jane lipped her licks visualizing it was her mouth around Rebecca's juicy nipple.

"Are we done yet?" nervously asked an extremely horny Seth, as seeing his busty friend sucking her own fun bags was becoming too unbearable to witness. His hard, swollen erection already shot off two large loads from the titty-show and he was extremely close to shooting off a third.

"Not by a long shot," announced Jane. "Please Rebecca, feel free to make yourself a bit more comfortable. I have a little, no pun intended, surprise for you."

Rebecca was super hot and horny as she held up both of her whopping breasts and wildly groped and kneaded at their soft flesh. She relinquished her breasts as she sat down on the bed and took off her furry brown boots. Rebecca was naked with the exception of her solid black ankle socks with green polka dots.

"God Seth! Don't you wish you were straight so you could stick your big dick between her legs and ravage that soak and wet hairless pussy until your balls explode? Watching her huge fat titties bounce up and down as you fuck her as hard as you can? I know you can image just how juicy and warm her pussy would feel wrapped tight around your throbbing, rock-hard cock," Jane heavily teased the super horny Seth. "Whether then picture it, we're about to see it what you could had done if you were so gay... Oh Bart, it's show time, my big man!"

"What? Who? Bart?" questioned Seth.

"Oh, he's the part-time janitor of this building before I purchased it. Trust me, he'll know how to satisfy your top-heavy horny friend. I've seen the damage he can do just masturbating," Jane explained.

Seth squeezed at the rock-hard bulge in his jeans and kept his eyes on his busty friend Rebecca. She was leaning back on the bed comfortably and frantically rubbing on her sensitive clitoris. Her soft moans started to become louder as a tall, scrawny older looking man with a blond mullet, freckles spotted all over his face and beaver teeth walked out from the back room of the studio dressed in a bright-red tracksuit. The moment he came out, Jane noticed an extremely large dent had already formed in his crotch area.

"There she is Bart. Just like in the magazines and those VHS tapes but in the flesh," explained Jane.

Bart was old fashion when it came to porn. The 59 year old didn't know how to use a computer or even owned one. He had a massive collection of porn magazines dating way back to the 50's. He also had a large collection of porn captured on VHS tapes, as he enjoyed the much, much older porn that's not on DVD or blue-ray. Both collection mainly centered around big breasted girls. Bart had never been with a girl who's bra size was larger then a B. And just like Jane, Bart had a deep obsession with larger then average breasts and seeing Rebecca's monstrous fun bags and knowing he was about to have his way with them, excited his massive cock far more then any magazine and VHS tape ever could...

Bart wasted little time and stripped out of the bright-red tracksuit to his underwear without taking his eyes of a self-masturbating Rebecca. She was loss in her own pleasure as her cum juices leaked onto the bed. Seth looked over and saw that the large mushroom head of Bart's hard cock had emerged from the top of his washed-out underwear and practically drooled cum.

"Now what exactly is Bart going to do again?" nervously asked Seth.

"I believe he's going to show you how a real man fucks," replied Jane. "So just sat back, jerk off, and enjoy."
