 It wasn't just the regular pussy that he enjoyed; it was that she wanted him to fuck her. Not cause she feared the police or her husband but because she liked it. She didn't say much. She came in when the shop was empty, locked the door behind her, and went to the back room. By the time he got there, she was naked. She did anything he told her. After the first time, he had her finish up by cleaning his dick with her tongue. Customers had come in and it had been more than an hour before he could clean up. She didn't say anything but gave every indication of loving everything he did to her. 

Today was not a day she was coming. He wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing. He was clearly about to get hurt. The man confronting him was angry and he wasn't a fighter to begin with. 

"You really should lock the door before doing anything. You would not want someone walking in on us."

"You think I'm kidding?"

"No, I'm certain you're serious. I expect I deserve it. I'm trying to be helpful."

"Why?" 

"I think your anger might be misplaced. Perhaps I can offer a better solution. If you don't like it then you can 'beat the shit' out of me. It'll only take a couple of minutes to hear me out."

The man was angry but not as angry as he had been when his wife told him. "Talk fast asshole!"

"Just answer a few quick questions first. Are you mad that your wife didn't get arrested?"

"Of course not."

"Are you mad at me because she stole from me?" 

"No, I'm mad at you because you fucked her!"

"I understand that. But what would be better. Arrest would be bad. Telling her that she's naughty would be ineffective. I've caught a lot of women stealing from me. And I've fucked every single one of them. As far as I can tell, they never steal again. That's better than arrest, no paper work, and I get some pussy. Everyone wins."

"I don't feel like I won!" 

"Granted. The problem is that you can't go beating up your wife. You could beat me but that won't really make you feel better and it's not something I want either. What you want to do is get back at your wife? You want to hurt her in the same way she hurt you. Let her know what it feels like."

The big man was quiet. He hoped he was selling it.

"I propose that you fuck someone. And make her watch."

"I don't have anyone I can fuck."

"I can help with that. I've got some pussy I can let you use."

"What's the catch?"

"No catch unless you count me not getting hurt. Of course, there is one thing I would like."

"Go on."

"I get some pussy in here once a week. You could fuck her this week instead of me. While your wife watches. And while I'm fucking her. That last part isn't a deal killer."

"You're nuts! I'm ready to kick your ass for fucking my wife and you want to fuck her again?"

"If expect she's the woman I fucked a few days ago. Can you blame me? I don't want you mad at me though. If I can do her again without you being angry at me, I'm going for it. Did she tell you because of how much she enjoyed it or because she hated it and wants you to kick my ass for doing it?"

Silence.

"How about you think about it for a short while? If you decide to kick my ass then I'm not going anywhere. If you decide you would rather enjoy some pussy then come by Thursday afternoon before 2. She comes at 2"

"Are you sure she's going to agree to this?"

"Honestly, I'm not sure. I think she will but she could surprise me. If she says no then you can still kick my ass."

He thought it over. It certainly sounded like a trick. He could come here Thursday and a couple of goons could rough him up. It wouldn't be the first time and this shopkeeper would still be here later. And he was right about his wife telling him so he'd put a beat down on the fucker. "I'll sleep on it."

Thursday afternoon, the man and his wife returned. "Okay, what do we do?" 

"Go wait in the back room over there?"

"If there are goons in there, they'd better kill me but I will be back for you." 

"No goons. Not my style. I'm looking forward to this." He said this looking at the wife; she was clearly not happy. Which was the point! "Your wife knows the way." She fumed as he said it.

The couple then went to the back room. And very soon, his regular appointment came through the door. As usual, she locked the door and put up the sign then headed back. He followed behind her. As she neared the door, she told her "There's been a slight change in the program for today." She wondered what he had in mind. He always did things that made her tingle. Except there was another couple in the room!

"This gentleman here will be the one fucking you today."

This was a surprise. Not a good one either. She was cheating on her husband. Now she had to do a couple. Not what she signed up for. She turned to leave.

"If you leave, don't ever come back."

She stopped. Her husband was terrible in bed. She had tried everything to get him to ... do something! All he wanted to do was fuck her the same way he always had. She had come here in frustration. And found relief. She hated to give that up. She wasn't sure what exactly he had in mind. He had yet to push her into something that she didn't ultimately enjoy. 

"Just him?"

"Just him!"

"How about her?"

"I'll be fucking her."

The man was looking at her clearly pleased. The woman was clearly the opposite. "Okay. Where do you want me?" She usually picked the starting position but he picked the starting act. He usually ate her pussy; something she enjoyed more than... Strike that! There wasn't anything she enjoyed more than another.

"Sit on the desk unless you want her another way."

"The desk is fine," he said as he began undoing his pants. This was not looking good. He clearly intended to just start fucking her. No fore play! As she was getting onto the desk, his dick came out of his pants. That fucker was huge! The shopkeeper was bigger than her husband but this dick was much bigger than the shopkeeper. And he was going to stuff that thing into her! The man moved between her legs and spat on his finger tips then rubbed the spit on her pussy. "Damn! You're really wet girl." she heard him say as she stared. She was nervous as he positioned himself at her entrance and began pushing it into her. Where her husband and the shopkeeper slid easily into her, this man had to work at it. To make it harder, her ass kept sliding back on the smooth desk surface. She would like to have used her hands to hold the edge of the desk to keep herself in place, she needed them to spread she legs wider trying to stretch her pussy as much as possible. While there were tears in her eyes for taking the massive cock into her, she also felt a pleasure she had never felt before. 

Each time he eased another quarter inch into her, she felt like she was having a mini-orgasm. She wanted to watch but the waves of pleasure had her closing her eyes. Eventually, the pushing stopped and she saw he was all the way in her. And then he began fucking her slowly. She lost count of the orgasms as the massive thing entered and exited her cunt. It felt like forever and seconds before she felt his cum invade her body. She wasn't certain if she regretted not being able to have children or not. Child birth would certainly have made it easier to take this but she was uncertain if she wanted it to be easier. She looked at saw her usual lover was still fucking the other woman as she bent over the chair. But a brief look was all she gave it. The man was in no hurry to pull out of her and she was in no hurry for him to do it. But then he did start slowly removing himself. Just as slowly as he entered her and it produced just as much pleasure. When the head finally emerged from her, she felt totally drained. 

"I have to go." She was exhausted. She needed to leave before she passed out. She quickly pulled her panties out of her handbag, got them on and left. 

"She certainly acted like she enjoyed me."

"She did!" replied his wife while she pulled up her panties. "I'd like to go too." 

"Why the rush?"

"I've got a pussy full of cum I'd like to wash out."

"So are you satisfied?"

"I think so."

The week passed quickly and soon it was Thursday again and she was entering the shop as usual. She wondered who would be fucking her today. The big man with the bigger cock had left her walking funny for hours. Not that her husband noticed. Fortunately, she stalled by washing her hair and he was asleep when she went to bed; she didn't think she could take a second fucking that day. She was soon alone in the back room with her lover. "Will the other man be coming back?" she asked.

"No, that was a onetime thing. Relieved or disappointed?"

"Not sure!" She answered as his normal sized penis entered her. The considered the question more as he began with a slower rhythm that was about the same as last week. Both were pleasant in her in their own unique way. "This feels good too."

This was more than she had ever said since the first time. Best to say nothing and just keep fucking. His fear was that the bigger cock would make him seem not worth the effort. "Very very good," she muttered. 

As they changed positions, she said "Thank you."

"For what?"

"Fucking me exactly the way he did. I wanted to compare."

He wasn't aware he had done it exactly the same way. When they started, he had been busy getting the wife's panties down and his cock into her. He wasn't sure if this was good or bad. He had to ask, "Was I okay after him?"

"Very much so. Both of you are so different. I really want you both."

He let it go and soon, she was licking him clean in preparation for her departure.

"I missed doing this," she said as her tongue slid up and down his shaft. I'm sorry to run off like I did but that was exhausting. I had to get home fast. I passed out as soon as I could reach my couch.

"I lived. Plus, I could hardly expect you to clean up after another woman."

"There is that. I wasn't thinking."

And then she was gone. Later that night, he called and talked to the man. He told her that the woman had expressed an interest in doing him again. There was some discussion about it without any commitment. He called back and said that his wife was open to doing it again. But he said it as if they would be doing the two of them as a couple. The shopkeeper had ideas about making him doing the wife part of the deal but was hesitant since she obviously didn't like him doing her. He told him that he wanted in on it but that the woman was married. The answer surprised him; his wife would only do it if the shopkeeper was doing her. He didn't have a way to reach his lover but would call back next Thursday night.

She was nervous. Her husband was home watching a game. She had told him she wanted to go shopping; if he didn't go then she was going alone. His answer was predictable. She had already shopped and a few things were in the trunk. This felt worse. At the shop where she had been blackmailed into having sex, it didn't seem like cheating. It was but that was beside the point. But here she was, going into this stranger's home. But it was hard to think of that rooster as a stranger; he had fucked her already. Such intimacy was the opposite of stranger. The door was answered and the woman from before saw her in. She was the last to arrive. 

"Let's sit and talk. We should get to know each other." 

"Yes, I guess that would be better. You are okay with this? You didn't look too happy about it the other day." 

"Oh, I was definitely not okay with it. That man tricked and blackmailed me. He thought I wouldn't tell my husband but he was wrong."

"Me too. But then..."

"You too? He blackmailed you into doing my husband? Is he still? Is that why.."

"NO! I'll explain. I tried to steal something and I ended up letting him fuck me."

"Okay, that's what happened to me."

"But he was so much better than my husband. I had never had anyone but my husband and I do love him but I never knew how bad he was in bed. I think he could be better but he doesn't even try. Doesn't see the need. So I've been going to the shop on Thursday for better sex."

"Okay, that explains it."

"Except you let him blackmail you then you told your husband. I let him get as far as my tits then said no further. I totally forgot the tape. He was going to tell my husband. Or rather, show my husband. But if you were going to tell anyway."

"No, I wasn't planning to tell. I didn't plan anything. I was like you; I didn't want my husband to know. I panicked and let him. Later, I regretted it enough."

"I see. So why do him again?"

"At first, my husband was mad at the guy too. But then the guy convinced him it was my fault. My punishment was watching him fuck you while the shopkeeper fucked me. It was my fault; I should have said no. Especially when he wasn't going to call the cops." 

"Are you still being punished?"

"No. I can see where you might think that. But no. I agreed to tonight for about the same reason you wanted to do it."

"I doubt that."

"You enjoyed having that big huge cock in you?" 

"Well, that's about it."

"It's different from what you're getting at home?"

"Damn straight!"

"Try taking it every night for a month! I may not like the guy but my husband is okay with him fucking me and it is a welcome change from what I'm used to getting."

"I see." There were many things she loved. But to have nothing else for years. She got it.

The two woman continued to talk for a short while but the shopping excuse for being out had a time limit. Rooster took his partner into the main bedroom while his wife took the shopkeeper to a guest bedroom. And both couples enjoyed the sex. Afterward, the shopkeeper had to leave but the other three were able to relax together until it was closing time for the stores.

"I wish we could keep doing this but I will get caught. I just know it."

"Probably inevitable." 

"Is your husband's dick as small as the shopkeepers?"

"Smaller!"

"Really!" The woman was intrigued.

"What are you thinking woman?"

"Please don't get jealous. Do you enjoy fucking her?"

"Sure!"

"Okay, not sure how I actually feel about that. But that big cock of yours wears me out. I really enjoyed have something smaller in me. Smaller like her husband."