 "Ready for the show?" 

My wife and I had been lazing around in bed early on a weekend morning, and she had gotten up, ready to get dressed.

"Yes Rachel, I like your show." 

She smiled and lifted her pajama shirt to expose her tits. They hung low, slightly sagging, and she swung her upper body, causing her nipples to quiver. I smiled. She knew how good her bare boobs made me feel. I hoped that pleased her too. 

"Show's over," she said as she reached down for her shirt of the day. "Bosoms get covered now." 

"Whoa whoa missy. Come over here." 

She sighed and walked over to my side of the bed, a bit irritated that I was interrupting her routine. Bored, she pulled her pajama bottoms down to expose her hairy part. Now, she smiled at the look on my face. 

"More show." She turned around and flashed her ass.

"OK Alex? I want to eat breakfast." 

The older we got the more our approach to sex was changing. We both wanted it less often, and we both still liked it -actually we both loved it- at least when it happened. But, the reality of it now was that I was quicker to want it and Rachel was somewhat more reluctant. Not unenthusiastic, it just took her a little longer to get to it. She had all sorts of dodges. Chores, exhaustion, kids when they weren't at college. And her methods of approaching it were sometimes roundabout. Maybe I was just more guy like? Fucking was OK with me, she needed to get there by making love. I could launch right into dirty talk, which she loved when I was the filthy one. Her approach was more... uh, "clinical" wasn't it exactly, just more careful, I guess. She liked to start out with what I suppose you'd call "accurate" terms before she slowly, deliberately really got down.

"Bend over a little." 

"No, that's not attractive. I'm fat." 

"Let me decide whether your junk is attractive to me. It's perfect, it's sexy." 

"You love me, that's nice. But it's still fat." 

"It's beautifully round. I love how totally round it is. And I do you love you."

So she stuck it out a little. 

"Appealing?" 

She couldn't see my nod. "Lemme see some pubes." Her stance widened and I saw some bush and a little dark down in her crack. Nice. 

"Shake it now." 

"I'm too big. It's Jell-o." But she'd started to quiver. The real show was about to begin. 

"You know I like the taste of Jell-o. Roll it please. Yes, like that. What an awesome shake." 

"Can I go to the kitchen now?" She paused, trying to get her breathing back to normal. As much as my wife seemed like she wanted to stop I knew there was another side to it too.

Still bent over she glanced back at me and was startled. 

"Whoa whoa yourself Mister. What's that?" 

A short beat.

"Did I make that penis hard?" Busted. "I like your penis like that. Sticking up out of that thick forest. Show *me* Aleksandar. Give *me* my show." 

When Rachel called me by my full name almost anything was possible. I hadn't been really angling for the full monty, but the look on her face was changing my mind very quickly. 

"You have a very beautiful penis Aleksandar. It curves ever so slightly when it's erect like that. And the enormous tip. How could any girl take it? Did I really make it that full? You like my immense, saggy breasts and huge, Jell-o backside all that much?" 

She started pushing me over and slid back into bed. Her top was still naked and the bottoms bunched around her knees, mine were stretched below my balls. Her warm hand gripped me and slowly started moving up and down. 

She planted her mouth on mine and our tongues wound together. "I love you so much Alex. And I love that you want me so badly." 

"I want you all the time baby." 

"Ohhhhh, and I like your hard on so much Alex. And your testicles..." She sounded like a female Big Bad Wolf. "What do you want me to do with your shaft? More of this until it ejaculates?" Always the correct terms. "Or do you want to put it between my bosoms to make them sticky? Hmm husband? What does your penis want from me?" 

"No Rachel. What do *you* want with my cock?" 

"I want you to be sexy happy." 

This was Rachel's play. She was a sensual woman, but she could be afraid to directly say what she wanted. She liked sex banter with me, even if she could be a little scared to talk about her own pleasure. But I knew I could get her to say out loud what she'd hesitantly admitted to me she wished she could say.

"Do you want to put it in my vagina? My, um... hairy hole?" 

Now I moaned. 

"I could lick it until it's dripping and climb on top. It would stick up me deep, very very deep, and my nipples would be hard and hanging over your mouth," she paused and grunted. "You could bite them and I would feel it right up to my throat. My hole would suck it in so much that you couldn't hold back for more than a minute." 

"Don't, no! Don't do that. I want it to last. Much. Longer. Than. That." She was quickening her grip. "Ooohh." Suddenly she was slowing down. 

"Maybe I should just give you your orgasm with my hand, let it blast out all over the place." 

"An orgasm?" I barely croaked out. "You mean you want to make me come, to come all over your tits and your face and your hair?"

Another stop, I heard a grunt bubbling up. Then she completely ignored me and kept going. 

"The problem is I'm not too good at that, am I? Fellatio? You never really orgasm in my mouth. You're so uptight." She bent her head and took the head in her mouth and gave it a nice lick and suck.

"Mmmmmm. Mmm." 

She came back up. "Your penis tastes nice. But I'm not sure I'm ready for semen for breakfast." 

Pulling her bottoms all the off she started humping my leg. "I love this feeling." 

I reached down. She groaned when I got between her lips. "Hey Miss Hairy. Your bush is soaking." 

"Shaking my fanny for you started making me moist. I get so nervous when I know you're staring at my naked buttocks. I think even if you didn't ask me to wiggle it I'd start to squirm. And then I start to..." 

"What? What happens?" As if I didn't know. 

"I start... my vagi..." She trailed off, trying to get a word like "cunt" out of her mouth. "I start leaking ... down there. It spills out of my... my hair gets so wet. I honestly don't want it too but it always does." 

She let out a breath and pushed up further on my leg. She snapped back to a less frenzied pace. 

"Tell me Alex. What do you want to do to me with your erect penis? Do you want to have intercourse?" 

"Intercourse? Really Rachel? Intercourse? Don't you just want me to fuck your silly? Don't you just want to milk my cock dry with your tight cunt?" I was almost laughing. 

She just moved on, evading my words, but at the same time getting more urgent with every minute. 

"I think I know. You want to get on top of me and hold my hands down so I can't move. You want me to sit still and let you shove your penis deep inside me and push it in over and over again until you can't hold back." 

One of her things is she didn't ever want it to be her initiating things that she thought might be kinky. That was my job, to make her do dirty things that 'normal' woman wouldn't do. 

"*You* want that Rachel. You want me to tie you down tight and impale your ." 

"You'll take dirty pictures of my naked body Alex. Just like in those porn sites you you masturbate to." 

I guess that wasn't a secret. "I'm happy fucking you every which way I can make you come." 

"I want you to be happy Alex." 

"Why don't you pee all over my dick Rachel? My penis wants that." 

I'd tried that before and got nowhere. Her momentary silence let me know that today wasn't going to be that day. 

"Touch me Alex. Touch my lips with your fingers."

I barely grazed her clit. She almost jumped out of the bed. "More. Slower. Put them inside of me." 

My fingers parted her hair away from her pussy slit and found their way inside. She sucked in so much air I thought she'd faint. Her G-spot as already so squishy that when I gently pushed it she immediately squirted all over my hand. Her entire body spasmed wildly and she was screaming. 

"Oh my God Alex! What did you do to me?" More gulps of air. "I mean .., that was amazing. You're drenched. I'm sopping. It feels so good." 

She hugged my entire body for what seemed like minutes before she let go and her panting became more normal. 

"But I wanted to make you... And here you go making my... I want your hard penis to get happy. Please tell me what you want? Please?" 

I stayed quiet. She was revving up her imagination again. 

"I bet I know." What a lecherous smirk! "You want to stick your old hard penis up my bum, don't you?" Now I whimpered, she knew how to get a reaction. "You want me naked on my knees, my shoulders down, hips up in the air." 

Go Rachel, she knew. "You want to open my cheeks -or maybe you'd like me to open them myself? Right?- and look right at my anus. Where you can stare at it and make me a basket case of anxiety wondering why you like my fat ... my gigantic behi... Oh... wondering why you like my fat ASS so much." 

She stopped short. Surprised at her own outburst. Her hand was really squeezing my dick. 

"You want to poke your nose and tongue in there, on my anus! Yuh want to smell it and make it wet enough that you can cram your big old pee pee in my big old rear end!" 

Wilder. I felt like I was about to let loose right then and there. 

"You want your sperm shooting inside my ... my..."

Come on, I'm thinking. You can say it. 

"I know you want to jab your stiff dick up my teeny virgin asshole and fuck it until you coat the insides of my shit chute with your thick ... your thick... your thick, um ... semen!" 

Almost. "You did it! You dirty dirty sluty slut." 

Her grin was huge. She knew she'd crossed over. 

"But..." I let out a gulp of air. "I can't Alex. I just can't do it. I'm afraid of your mammoth penis going up inside my little tiny dark hole, I just know it'll hurt. Please put it in my wet, my gushing wet, vagina, honey. *My* honey will make *your* honey ooze right out of you and I to me. I promise you. You'll love it so much."

I don't mean to stop the action; promise, we'll get back to the story. But since Rachel already put a damper on things, let me explain. Without any doubt, I am into anal, if you couldn't already tell. Not so much in real life; I've only done it a few times, and truth be told, I didn't really love it. I love fingering her asshole, and rimming it with my tongue is pretty hot. 

However. In the end, when we're fucking, just hearing Rachel whisper about it in my ear... telling me how she'll get ready for me, putting herself in position, spreading herself for me. Totally, it makes me crazy enough to pop just writing about it. 

Back to the real story. 

"Tell me," she was saying. "Tell me Alex, tell me what I can do to make your penis shoot. I really want it to explode. In me, on me, whatever you want for it."

"Talk to me Rachel. Jack me, fuck me, show me, talk dirty to me while you do me." 

"Ok baby, but first let me make it up to you. Let me really give you some blue balls." She moved away to the other side of our bed. "I can't let you stick it in, but I can still show it to you." She got on her knees, shoulders down, like she was saying before. "You like to look at my cottage cheesy behind so much Alex. Here it is for you." She grabbed at her cheeks. "You like seeing my anus, don't you honey? All dark and puckered." She pulled them open more. "A place you want to go so much. Can you see all the little hairs there too? Maybe you can tickle them with your tongue? I'd like that."

I went over and nestled my nose between her jiggling globes. 

"Oh baby, your tongue feels so good. Please put your fingers in my vagina too while you're licking me right there. Rub me and lick me at the same time. Make me squirm. Make me squirt." 

Her wish was my command. Two fingers in and out of the front, tongue pointed in her ass. I was in heaven, and as her juice spilled out of her pussy, I could tell she was too. 

"Oh ohh ooohhh. Oh Alex!" She was coming all over my hand, soaking it. "God!! God!! Oh fuck oh shit, ohhhhhh, oh my oh my oh my!!" She was almost shrieking. "Oh Alex, you make me feel so goooooodddddd!!"

My cock almost came right then, with nothing touching it. But really, I needed her to fuck me now. I slowly pulled Rachel down to the bed and over on top of me. 

"Baby, what was that you said? You wanted to know what I wanted to happen with my hard penis."

"Yes. Yes. Yes. I want to make your peen... your hard dick to feel as good as my vag... my pussy feels."

"Ok baby, run your wet pussy slit over my cock. Like that." Oh my goodness, I was going to have to hold back. "What were you saying about sticking it in so deep that you'd feel it in your throat?" She grabbed my shaft and impaled herself with it. 

"Oh I can feel it, it's so thick, it's soooo looonnggg. I can feel it in my throat."

"Sit up. Gimme a tit show again." She was pumping up and down on my stiff dick as she rose up. "Shake them for me." She really shook. "Hold them up and pinch your nipples until they're hard as rocks, pinch them until it hurts." She pinched, and shrieked. "Now rub your clit for me, and put your fingers inside, right next to my cock. Whack it until it comes for me one last time. I promise, my hard penis will explode so much in your dark, wet vagina, we'll both drown in come." She whacked. 

God, did she whack. She touched her pussy hair slowly, separating her lips until I could see pink. With her other hand she was kneading her nipple, and sounds were coming out of her mouth that I'd never heard. 

"Alex," she sighed, "oh Alex, my clit feels so sensitive. My nipple too. Touch my anus now. Wet your finger and grind it there slowly. I want all my buttons turned on are the same time."

Who am I to disobey a direct order? I sucked my middle finger and reached around her prodigious ass. "Like this baby?" 

"Yes baby, just... like... that... ohhhh my." All three of her button we're starting to move faster, and she was moving faster up and down my erect dick. "Yeah baby, yeah, make Rachel feel so good. And I'll make Alex feel even better." 

It possible. I couldn't feel any better. 

"Oh baby baby baaabbbyyy. I'm fingering my pussy, you're fingering my asshole, I'm pinching my nipple. I don't know how much more I can take. Ooohhh, oh, and I'm fucking your hard hard big long penis with my soaking weetttt cunnnntttt. Gooooddd it's so, sooooooo, it's so much, ahhhhhhhhh!! Fuck fuck fuck fuuuuccckkk!!" She was humming, singing, screaming. "I'm coming now. I'mmmmmm commmminggggggg. All over you!"

I couldn't hold back. "I'm coming too baaaabbyy! I'm comming." And I was. Shooting my load so deep and so big, I almost couldn't catch my breath. 

We were drenched with our juices, inside and out. 

"Oh baby," we both said at the same time, almost in a whisper. We both collapsed into each other.

...

We both stirred awake, naked in each other's arms, I don't know know how much later. 

"So, how was that for a show?" she said quietly.