 He steps into the shower behind her. Her back to him, she is hardly aware of his presence. He looks longingly at her. Dripping wet and incredibly sexy. Will she be mad that I’m here he wonders? His uncertainly is quickly cast aside as she sweeps her hair up with her arms. Immediately he notices a swell in his cock. Why does she have this effect on me…?

Standing in the shower she is aware of his presence instantly. Continuing to ignore him, she finishes rinsing her hair. Oblivious to him she rubs her hands over her body hoping to herself it is driving him wild. As wild as she is driven by the thought of him watching her. Please let him come over here; please just put your hands on me she silently wills to herself. Of course, she isn’t waiting long. He steps up behind her and gently brushes her shoulder. The instant he touches her she shivers in anticipation. 

Never getting enough of his touch she closes her eyes and smiles deliciously. One more step forward and their bodies are touching, lightly. Enough for her to feel his cock and how hard it already is. Breathing on the back of her neck he reaches around and grazes her hard nipple. She gasps in shock as her nipple tingles from his touch. Arching her back against him she pushes against his hardness, aching to feel him inside her. 

It won’t be a long wait. As his hand drops lower from her breast to her belly he pulls her even closer in. The smell of her hair, the feel of her body next to his is almost enough to send him over the edge. Breathe, he thinks to himself. Controlling himself is the last thing on his mind, but he realizes he has to in order to continue. He can feel her leaning back slightly into him. The curve of her hips fitting perfectly against him. She sighs gently, almost as if in relief. So hoping he would join her in the shower today, but not wanting to break the spell yet by speaking her thoughts aloud. 

Running her hand up his back, over his shoulder and around to his face she carefully feels for his mouth. Tracing his lips she smiles knowing full well that those lips are going to be on her any minute now. Dipping a finger inside his mouth, she runs it over his teeth, trembling when imagining those very teeth raking across her nipples. Pulling his face down towards her neck she sighs again and leans closer into him. She can feel his lips brushing the back of her neck now. His breath, hot on her skin makes her knees weak. She grips the back of his neck pulling him in closer until he had his mouth on her, biting and licking her neck. Her mind goes blank, but somehow her free hand manages to capture his as it winds itself up around her waist again. 

With her wrist held in his grasp he pulls her around facing him. They stare at each other; there is nothing that needs to be said. He pulls her even closer in, his hand steady on her back. They stay that way for what feels like an eternity. Breathing lightly, hearts racing, eyes locked. Finally, the spell seemingly broken, he reaches up and touches her cheek. She closes her eyes as he runs his fingers over her face. She leans into him as their breath becomes that of one person and searches his face for a clue that he is ready to kiss her. She forgets for a moment that she's in the shower, focusing solely on his face and the fact that his body is pressed up against hers. Oblivious to the steaming hot water pounding down on her, she's only aware of his hand against her thigh and pressing into her back 

She sees his face, inches from hers but can only focus on his lips. Opening her mouth slightly, she licks her lips and watches his reaction. He's patient, she has to give him that, and he hasn’t rushed the issue at hand. He waits, silently, all the while wicked thoughts running through his head. He wants her to kiss him as much as he wants to ravage her mouth, but he'll wait for her first. Wanting to wrap her legs around his neck and bury his face in her cunt isn’t too far out of his mind either. Neither is picking her up and power fucking her against the wall, but still, he'll wait. 

Sighing she draws his head in closer to hers. If this man doesn’t kiss me soon, she shivers in anticipation. How can it not be as good as she's imagined? He's here, his body pressed to mine and I’m standing here waiting for him to make a move. Thinking how amazing it will be to slide down on his stiff cock gives her another round of chills. She sighs again and trembles as she pulls his face even closer. She can practically taste him already. Her mouth opens slightly as lips crush together. He draws a ragged breath as their lips finally meet. In his wildest dreams, did he ever imagine it would be this intense? 

How does she taste so good? Running his fingers through her hair at the back of her neck, all he can think of is to hold her closer, tighter, longer. She had known all along this first kiss would be intense, but nothing prepared her for the shock her body was going through. As he ran his tongue over her lips and in her mouth she managed to choke back the moan that came from deep within her. As excited as she was in the first place just hearing him step into the shower, the heat that flooded her now made the initial excitement seem meaningless.She raked her fingers down his back around his hip and across his thigh. Close wasn’t close enough, she needs him closer. Her free hand roamed over his stomach and across his chest, finally coming to rest 

The kiss seemed to last a lifetime, but when they slowly pulled away it had lasted just seconds. She stares at him. Her eyes wandering lazily over his face, his lips where she lingered a few extra seconds thinking how intoxicating they were when she tasted them. Down over his body and watching where they were pressed together. She can feel herself getting dizzy. The tingling of her nipples and the heat between her thighs is driving her mad. Wanting desperately for him to touch her, anywhere, everywhere, she still can’t bring herself to speak. With her thoughts racing, she devours his body with her eyes, looking everywhere and getting more excited with each glance. His hands.....she could already feel them in her mind tracing over her body. 

Gently ticking her leg as they traced up the inside, lightly grazing over her as they continued upward, over the curve of her hip and finally coming to rest on her back. Closing her eyes she is thinking of the way they would close softly, yet hard at the same time over her, pulling her closer, grinding her against him. She can suddenly feel how hard he was. As if he could read her mind, his hands are doing exactly what she was imagining. He sinks his fingers into her soft flesh and pulls her as close as he can. 

He can hear her ragged breath as he digs his fingers into her and knows she loves it. Rubbing his cock against her is spectacular, it's everything, and nothing like he had expected. Stop rubbing he thinks to himself as he leans back away just a bit. He can’t lean back very far; she follows his movements, pressing their bodies back together. She has him this close and there is no way she is going to let him slip away. She has thought long and hard about how this first time would go and after getting a small taste of what it feels like to be smashed up against his cock, she isn’t going to let him back down now. 

She kisses him, aching, wanting more. Dropping to her knees, she runs her tongue along the length of his cock. Hearing a moan, she takes the tip in her mouth, and sucks gently, while one hand slides up and down, the other roams at will. Alternating her hands, tongue and mouth, she loves on his cock until she feel the muscles in his legs tighten with tension. "No," he says, his voice hoarse.

He wrenches her to her feet. Raising her leg, gripping him with her fingertips, she wraps it around him. Instantly his hands are back on her, pulling her leg higher until he holds it in place around his waist. His other hand follows suit and lifts her other leg around him, without a second thought, he reaches between them and grabs his cock. She catches her breath as he enters her in one long stroke. God, that feels good. One single stroke in and she’s trying to catch her breath. Unmoving for a few seconds, prolonging the agony, they both wait on baited breath. Neither daring to move to break the spell, but not for long. Moving together now, he slowly slides out, pulling her away slightly. Her fingers still clutching his shoulders, eyes closed. 

She whispers to him one word, but that's all it takes. 'Please.' He moves faster now, harder. She leans in, still not looking, hardly daring to breathe. Nose to nose, lip to lip, yet not kissing. Moving together now, fast and hard. Clutching his shoulders, unaware that she is digging her nails in, she is so close to the edge. She could feel the kiss before it even happened. He jerks her even closer to him as his mouth begins to ravage hers. His breathing is harsh as he is reaching his peak. Yearning to be as close to her as possible he slams into her with reckless abandon. 

It can’t be hard enough, fast enough. It can’t be enough as it is. He explores her mouth with his tongue as he runs his cock full hilt into her. Begging now for release she moans for him to fuck her harder. He runs his finger down between their bodies. Finding her clit he begins to rub softly, adding pressure as he slams into her with his cock. She's begging again for him to fuck her, harder. He obliges by shoving his cock fully into her. 

Fucking her faster and harder, the build up has been so long they both drive hard to the climax that is sure to be as intense as hoped for. Still ramming hard he pops her on the ass, causing another moan to escape her lips. She wrapped her legs tighter around him, needing him to fill her to the brim, aching for the release that was just moments away. She bit his lip as he dug his fingers into her skin and jerked her towards him again. His thumb was circling her clit as he lowered his head and began to tease her nipple with his teeth. That was the icing on the cake. She flung her head back as the waves of her climax hit. She saw stars, her head was swimming. 

There was an explosion deep within her that couldn’t be stopped. Squeezing him with her legs, she grabbed his face and kissed him as another wave flooded her. Never before had an orgasm been so electric to her. She could sense the urgency in his thrusts, and could feel him building for his own release. She ran her tongue over hips lips and down to his neck. Licking and biting she made her way to his ear lobe. Grasping it in her teeth she whispered to him. 'I want to feel you cum, I want to feel your cock explode in me.' 

With a ragged breath, he slammed into her one more time. His cock seemed to have a mind of its own. He didn’t want it to be over, yet he couldn’t stop this feeling welling up inside him. His dick hurt it was so hard, and cumming in her would be fantastic. He let go. Jerking her to him, he buried himself in her and shot his load. Her breath in his ear, and hearing that sweet voice begging for him to cum, he couldn’t help it. Taking her nipple in his mouth and rolling it over his tongue he felt the last spasms of his cock subsiding. 

She was quiet in his arms, breathing him in. They sighed their contentment as one. As she lowered her eyes and parted her lips for their kiss, He gently lowers her legs. The kiss is a lingering soft one. The urgency has gone, leaving behind a bittersweet aftertaste. 

She can’t wait for round 2