 It had been a long day. I couldn't wait to get home and crawl into a hot shower, anything to rid me of this tension and grime of everyday work. I was heading for the bathroom stripping my clothes as I went, when I heard water running.

What a way to end a long day. I see you standing in the shower, your flesh glistening from the water caressing your body. I rid myself of my bra and climb in behind you giving you a bit of a start. We give each other a long lingering kiss, my hands sliding over your hot wet soapy body, caressing every muscle as I work my way down your delicious body, working the soap into a lather all over you.

As my hands move across the tender part of your belly, you sigh, as I reach for your hard cock. I caress him with my hands, stroking him, lathering him into a froth with creamy soap. You grow harder as I administer ever-gentle touches around the head of your cock and down the shaft. I love the feel of your powerful cock sliding through my fingers. Up and down 'til you're thoroughly clean.

I move on to your engorged balls. You shiver as I lightly caress them. I feel my own hunger growing deep within my own secret spot. I go to my knees before you. Looking up, I watch the creamy soap sliding down your body as the spray from the shower rinses it away. I help it along by stroking your cock, watching it trickle off your balls, my own senses swimming. I want you so much. I rub the tip of your cock across my cheek feeling the smoothness of him burning into my tender skin, your own pre cum trickling down my face. I massage it in with your cock, loving the slippery feeling of it on my skin, bringing him closer to my mouth. My hot breath scorches you. 

You take my head in your hand, pulling me closer to you, encouraging me to take you. I tease you with my tongue, swirling it around the head of your wonderfully hard cock, lapping up any juices you offer me, sending shivers of anticipation through you.... Slowly I draw you into my hot wet mouth, sucking you in farther til your hard cock reaches my throat. I relax my throat muscles. You slide in effortlessly..... You taste so good..... I slowly withdraw, tracing every vein with my tongue, feeling your every pulsating heart beat. I give you two more long lingering strokes with my mouth. 

Suddenly, you bring me to my feet, kissing me long and hard, taking my breath away. You slide your hand down over my breasts tweaking my nipples, causing them to grow hard under your attentive fingers. I arch back bringing them closer to you. You weigh them as you caress them, bringing them to your searing hot mouth. My body quivers needing you to suckle them. You tease each nipple as you bring them together, sucking and flicking your wet tongue across them. I feel my own juices spill from within. I need you to take me. My excitement growing, as you continue to caress my tits. Your hands glide down over my tender belly, playing with my belly button, sending ever more shivers through me. 

I tense slightly as your hand reaches my mound, sliding your fingers into my slit, causing my clit to ache with desire. You rub it gently.

" Babe, I need your cock!"

I beg you to take me, but you ignore my pleas. You continue to explore my sex, causing my body to vibrate with wanton desires. I cling to you as my knees go weak. My eyes close, feeling you spreading my hot juices, making me ready for you. You turn me in your arms, kissing my mouth as you do so.

I lean into the wall. Your hands on my hips you pull me on to you, slowly penetrating me. Oh Yes, I need all of you.

You withdraw long enough to tease my clit with the tip of your cock. I move my hips to try to capture you. Obliging me, you slowly drive him home, your balls gently beating against my clit, driving me on. Harder and harder, we slam together, driving our senses wild with heated desire. Your hands pulling me onto you, I feel every beat of your heart deep within my pussy, spurring me on to meet your every stroke.

I need my release. The pressure building deep within, my body tenses as I give in to it. I feel your body spasm. Harder and harder you penetrate me, causing my own orgasm to intensify. My whole body quaking, Your engorged balls release hot creamy sperm deep within me. Your body quaking, you lean on me for support. We both take a deep breath and a deep sigh.

My body filled with the essence of your desire, I lean back into you. You cup my swollen breasts and kiss my neck, sending added shivers through me. With your arms wrapped around me, giving a feeling of deep desire and warmth, I turn to hug and kiss your searing lips ............. 

Aphrodite