 It was just one of those days when I could say the last thing I wanted to do was go to school. I loved going but when ever I went all I could do was think about Jason. Jason and I grew up together. We were the closest friends anyone in our neighborhood had ever seen. Out parents were best friends and we were only two months apart in age. But it came to that point and every teen's life when the hormones take over the mind and you really can't do anything about it. It was at the point that anytime that we were together it was awkward and the only reason that we didn't do anything about it was that to many people where making fun of us for spending too much time together already. It can to the following summer that we just grew apart. It was to the point the next school year we would just walk past each other in the hallways and would barely say hi to one another. I became the student that went to class and then go straight home and Jason was the guy at school that all the girls would throw themselves at. He played every sport that he could play. And he played the most popular sports at the school. And he was perfect at them.

Well this one day Jason took me bay surprise. I was a very strong girl and I carried my strength well to the point that only my closest friends knew that I was strong. Jason came to me and asked if I wanted to join the track team because they needed a girl on the team that was able to do the field events because none of the girls could get the right heat behind the throws.

We started hanging out again just like we were kids again. Where everywhere I was he was not far behind. We would have practice together and walk home together everyday. We even did special practices together because we knew that the other person was going to tell each other the truth about what was wrong. We would usually stay a little after practice with each other to do a couple of more runs around the track before hitting the showers.

It was a large competition coming up soon and we where working out like crazy during practice. Jason and the other runners ran in the streets in the surrounding area while all the field people stayed on the track and just jogged a couple of laps so we were able to get right to throwing and are footing. Practiced was about 3 hours that day and we all were bushed, but Jason of course wanted to stay out there a little while longer. He also did some field activities so he wanted to work on that a little after practice. He was doing the triple jump and was perfect and he got me to try it but it was crazy hard and I ended falling in the sand pit and hurting my ankle. Jason ran hysterical thinking that we were going to get into trouble if I hurt myself and couldn't compete on the weekend. So I took my shoe off and started rubbing my ankle to take away some of the pain but I wasn't doing the trick so Jason came over and was starting rubbing my foot and boy did it feel good. But we had to get moving because my ankle started to swell and I still had to walk home. Jason helped me into the locker room and I told him that I was still going to take a shower because if I didn't someone in my house would have thought something was wrong.

So Jason went to the guy's locker room and I got undressed and got into the shower. I was in the shower for about 5 minutes and looked up and Jason was right there.

I was like, "Damn you scared the hell out of me," and all Jason did was sit there and laughed.

"Sorry," said Jason, "I thought that I would come back and check up on you just in case you fell or something."

"Whatever," I said.

Jason was sitting there looking at me like I had 50 heads. I don't know what was wrong with him until I looked down and realized what was going on in both of his heads but he didn't realized that I saw what I saw. Jason then informed me that the hot water wasn't working in the men's locker room and he wanted to catch a shower in here. I figured it was alright if he stayed on one side of the shower. Our shower room was kind of old but it was still in great shape, it was just a big room.

Next thing I knew is that Jason was stripping and I just wanted to run my hands all over his body. He had the best chest that I have ever seen because of his workouts. He then started with his shorts and I was just gazing as his cocked pointed straight up but had the little curve.

He glances up at me and saw the look on my face and just grinned and said, "Veronica, are you just going to sit there and watch or could you turn you head."

That serious look on my face gave him the answer that I guess he was looking for.

"It was your choice to get in here with me and my eyes can look anywhere they want to."

"Well since you are so into it you want to touch it." He was getting so cocky with me that all I could do is just lick my lips.

"Oh so that is what you want to do with it."

"I don't know I have never had one like that before."

"Well there is always a first time for everything."

"But here."

"Why not?"

"Because we need to get home soon."

"They don't care as long as you're with me," Jason grinned.

Next thing I realize is that he is standing directly in front of me just waiting for me to make a move. I moved further back into the shower to cool of a little and he just followed, step for step, until I was against the wall. He lightly touched me on my neck and that was it. I nearly jumped on him. Our lips met and they would just not let go. His lips started making trails down my body and a moan escaped my mouth that I didn't know was there.

*

To Be Continued...

This was the first ever story that I have written but I didn't finish because I wanted to know if it was good enough so far to receive an ending.