 I push open the bathroom door and a billowing wave of steam pours out of the room. You are in the shower, your back to me. I can barely discern your outline through the fogged glass. As the steam settles, however, my view happily improves. I can now see the profile of your body: the smooth lines of your legs, the softly-rounded globes of your ass, the gentle curves of your breasts. The sight of your succulent body keeps me riveted in place, my eyes locked on this unfolding scene, my arousal beginning to steadily grow.

I watch you through the glass as the hot water cascades over you. Your hands slide gracefully along your curves, lathering your body, lingering in spots. Pausing as you reach your breasts, you cup them and run your hands over their flesh. Softly you caress their fullness and gently tease your nipples. Your head tossed back, you let the shower jets massage your body. I see you shifting your legs and I know -- I hope -- you are getting excited. As my erection grows, I fight the urge to throw caution to the wind. I am resolved to simply continue to watch.

Leaving one hand to fondle your breasts, the other hand follows the warm streams of water as they flow down your body. Sensually, your hand crosses your stomach and approaches the junction of your thighs. As your fingers disappear between your legs, I hear a soft sigh over the shower's noise. I know from your moans that your hand had found your special spot.

Although the steamy glass prevents a clear view, I watch as you stroke your body. Slippery hands, gliding across your body and into your hidden valley. Gentle hands, teasing your breasts and pleasing the inner reaches of your pleasure. I watch in silence, wishing my hands were your hands.

As this unexpected show continues, my cock grows into a full-fledged hard-on. It practically throbs with each beat of my now-racing heart. I cannot resist the urge to unleash it, stroking its length in time with your movements. You are not yet aware of my presence. We continue to masturbate, you on one side of the shower glass and me on the other. As your hand increases in speed, so does mine, and we begin building toward our orgasms.

I watch as you continue to administer to your body, dipping your fingers into your own wetness. Through the steam, I cannot be certain. But given the familiar sounds coming from the shower, I know you must be running your fingers over the outline of your clit. My cock in hand, I imagine the feel of the soft, warm folds of your lips as they envelope your fingers. I imagine how wet and luscious you are right now, as your fingers are sliding effortlessly into your sweetness.

As I watch your hand move, your moaning increases in volume and tempo. I know you are approaching bliss as I, in my own world on the other side of the glass, grip my prick and continue to masturbate toward my own orgasm. I close my eyes and envision your lips wrapped around my length. My hand continues its travels up and down the length of my cock, stroking to this fantasy. As the water falls over you, your cries of pleasure fill the room completely. I close my eyes and prepare to finish myself off.

I don't know if I made some noise, or if you just sensed someone in the room. But, in the moment, I don't really care. All I know is that the sound of the water stopping and the shower door opening causes me to stop mid-stroke. Before you even step out, you are greeted with the sight of me leaning against the bathroom sink, my shorts wrapped around my ankles, my cock still in hand. I become all the more embarrassed as you say nothing. You slowly take in this scene, brazenly staring at my body. At last, you break your silence.

"You naughty boy," you say, half scolding, half teasing. "You were watching me, weren't you?"

"Yes," I sputter. There is little else I can say.

"Did I make you excited?" you coyly ask. It seems to be a silly question in light of my current state. I glance down at my still obvious arousal, and then look sheepishly back at you.

"Well, well," you respond with an inviting smile, "what are we going to do about that?"

Not waiting for my response, you reach to again start the water. I frantically step out of my shorts and kick off my shoes. I step into the shower as your turn around to face me. Reaching down, you purr approvingly as you take the length of my cock in your hands. Keeping your grip firmly on my manhood, you kiss me passionately. Your tongue meets mine, swirling together. Your kisses quickly increase in intensity. Playful bites pull my lips towards yours. Breathless nibbling against my ear. Forceful kisses along my neckline, certain to leave mark. Your mouth travels across my chest, where your tongue teasingly circles my nipples. Encouraged by my moans, your teeth gently bite my flesh, leaving me weak-kneed. Sensing my impatient desire, you elect to take a direct route down my body, crossing my stomach and arriving quickly at your goal. Your hand tilts my rigid length away from my body, and you slip its enlarged head into your waiting mouth. We groan in unison as your lips close around the crown of my cock.

Opening my eyes, I look down. I am met by your gaze, looking up at me with lustful brown eyes. Without breaking eye contact, you slowly feed my shaft deeper into your mouth. More and more of my length disappears, until your mouth is filled with my hardness. Your hands are firmly on my ass, pulling me closer still. Your lips wrapped tight around the base of my shaft, I feel your tongue administering to the underside of my cock. Pleasure radiates across my crotch. You momentarily release your suction on me, stroking my throbbing cock with your hand and licking your lips as you continue staring into my eyes.

I beg you to again give me your mouth. Without hesitation, you devour my cock. Your tongue lashes out and laps at the head, swirling around and around the crown. You stroke my length and squeeze the shaft. As you lick and kiss my tip, my erection, as well as your lips and chin, become coated with saliva. Your eyes close as your hands continue stroking me, and your tongue continues licking my slippery cockhead.

Looking down, I see that one hand has traveled south, where your fingers are working furiously on your own desire. The sight of you pleasuring yourself while enjoying my cock excites me even more. I begin a pumping motion through your fingers, only to be held still by your tightening hand. Your grip makes it clear this is to be your blow job. You are in control, and I am not to do anything but stand still and enjoy it.

You take hold my dick and lick along the shaft to my balls. Reaching the sac, you tickle them with your extended tongue. You lift my balls with your hand and gently suck them. I am forced to grab hold of the shower head to keep myself standing. My trembling legs testify to your talents. Slipping my erect organ again into your mouth, you begin a sliding motion up and down my length. As your mouth engulfs me, your tongue again swirls around my shaft, working me further into a frenzy. You are no longer looking into my eyes, content to instead concentrate on the hard cock in your mouth. My prick continues pistoning up and down between the oval of your lips. You cup and squeeze my balls, as if coaxing the cum from them. As I watch your head bob on my prick, I feel myself nearing eruption.

"I'm gonna cum," I warn. My statement of the obvious only seems to encourage you. You must feel my cock swell as I near the edge. Spurned on, you plunge my cock in and out of your mouth, faster and faster, relying solely on your lips and tongue to deliver my pleasure. Your head becomes a blur at my crotch as you hunger to taste my release.

At last, my body gives in to the inevitable. The force of my first spurt surprises you, coating the back of your mouth and covering the length of your tongue. You hold my shaft in your hand, your fingers detecting every convulsion of my erupting cock. Your lips are firmly wrapped around its swollen head, sucking greedily. Each convulsion is accompanied by another squirt of cum. Your suction leaves me breathless, as you milk the cum from my body, sucking and squeezing until you have pulled it all in, leaving me dry.

I struggle to regain my senses as you noisily lick my cock clean. Eventually, you release me from the warmth of your mouth. Climbing back up my body, your lips reacquaint themselves with mine in a passionate embrace. The taste of myself on your lips and tongue keeps my arousal alive. Your own arousal is also readily apparent. Your nipples are erect as you rub yourself against my chest. They pop out towards me, as you increase the friction generated from our closeness. After several more deep kisses, I step back. I can no longer resist the urge to fondle and kiss your sensitive tits. Your chest heaves as first contact with my mouth is made. You cup your breasts in your palms, presenting them for my attention.

I kiss the perimeter of each breast, working from one to the other. My lips take hold of your nipples, my tongue encouraging their erectness. Love bites cause you to coo with pleasure. Holding your breasts together, my tongue captures both your nipples in my mouth. You purr with delight as I suck them in. As you push your body towards me, I know your level of arousal is reaching new heights. I am eager to see how high we can go.

Traveling down from your breasts, I leave a trail of caresses and kisses across your chest and stomach. On my knees, I reach the crest of your pleasure zone. Lifting one leg slightly, my mouth kisses around your inner thighs. Slowly, I work my way along the top of your thigh to the knee. Once there, my mouth moves slightly inward and begins a return route toward the junction of your thighs. Skirting your sweet spot once again, I move along the thigh of your other leg in a similar manner. Twice more I take this trip along your legs, each time approaching closer and closer to the center of your lust.

With each passing journey your body responds as if starved for my touch. Unashamed, you press your womanhood to my face as I pass by, your body completely open as if it was an unwrapped gift. I see the glistening of your lips, moist with anticipation, inviting my further exploration. I continue kissing and licking, slowly working my way toward our shared goal. Your hips push outward, in search of my teasing tongue. My mouth moves away from you each time, only to return and tease again. Finally, to satisfy your impatient longing, I take hold of your ass cheeks and pull you closer. Together we adjust your body so that your wet, swollen desire is right before my eyes.

You let out a long, guttural moan at the first contact of lips on lips. You allow your weight to rest of my open mouth. Extending my tongue, I begin probing your slit and lapping at your dripping wetness. My tongue like a soft spoon, I drag it along the length of your opening, savoring the sweet taste of your juices. I simply love your smell, your taste. As you hold my head in your hands, I give you long deliberate licks along your crevice. Your head tossed back, your body squirms in delight.

Shifting your body ever so slightly, you place your clit on the tip of my tongue. Eager to return the pleasure you gave me, I begin an assault on the centerpiece of your lust. I take your bud lightly between my lips, rolling the roughness of my tongue across this bundle of nerves. As I gently pull on it, your wetness drenches my face.

Alternating my approach, I dip my tongue far inside you. I then return to circle your clit and lick your sex lips. Lapping and tonguing, I continue to coax you toward a climax. Around and around I drive my tongue, licking, sucking, teasing, rolling, tasting your flowing honey. We both want you to come on my mouth. We both want to feel your walls tremble with pleasure, closing in around my tongue.

Your breathing is rapid and I can sense your orgasm fast approaching. I tongue you with urgency, concentrating on your clit as you rock your body uncontrollably against my face. Your body is shuddering, and I struggle to maintain contact. As you near the edge, my hands take hold of your hips. Holding you tightly in place, my kisses deliver their final offering.

Your body quakes as your climax washes over you, wave upon wave of pure satisfaction. Your hands cup the sides of my head, keeping my mouth and tongue centered on your lust. As your body trembles uncontrollably, the flow of your wetness overwhelms me with desire. I eagerly continue lapping and licking you, attempting to gather as much of your juice as possible. I press my mouth over you, hungrily sucking on you as your orgasm slowly subsides. Finally assured your climax is complete, I rest my head in the warm triangle of your crotch. After a minute or two, your still shaky body slides down to the shower floor to join me. Between gasping breaths, you kiss my lips, my face, my body. Your hands roam over me, finding my body is still very much excited by your touch and eager for more. Without saying a word, your lust-filled eyes convey your desire: you want me to enter you

Standing up, you place your feet as wide apart as you can in the shower. Bent at the waist, you grab hold off the faucet handles for support. A most pleasant sight comes into view between your legs. My engorged cock twitches with desire.

Holding my length in hand, I move up behind you. I rub the tip of my cock along your slit several times, coating it with your sweet lubrication. A jolt of pleasure flows through your body. We are both so aroused that even this simple action causes us to moan with lust. I continue teasing you for a few strokes more, until my own desire forces me to slip myself inside your folds.

Slowly, I push forward and slide easily into your warm, wet confines. Instantly, I feel your vagina convulse around me, squeezing my member tightly. Your body again shudders with pleasure, as yet another orgasm follows upon the last. I pause briefly, allowing your body to adjust to the size of my shaft. You look back at me, a look that tells me you want to be fucked. I too am beside myself with desire. Holding your hips steady, I begin the rhythm we both enjoy so much. The slap of my skin against yours provides our soundtrack. My balls spank against you with each thrust. After just a few moments, you are muttering unintelligibly. The only thing clear is your insatiable lust.

Each time I pull my cock out, your folds grip me tightly and provide new stimulation for your clit. To keep some semblance of control, I slow our pace. I withdraw until only my head remains inside you, wait a second, and then reverse direction and plunge back into your warmth. From my vantage point, I have the pleasure of watching my length travel in and out of your body. Even in the wet shower, my cock is glistening with your moistness. I see your sticky lips clinging to my shaft as he pulls away from your insides. The sight of my hard cock wrapped by your flesh brings me ever closer to the edge.

Leaning forward, I reach for your breasts. Cupping your breasts from behind, I tease your erect nipples between my fingers. As I tweak your buds, my cock continues to fully fill your wetness. I can feel you thrusting back against me, eager to meet my movement. Your insides tighten around me. My hands leave your breasts and travel across your stomach to your swollen pussy. My fingers explore, searching for your clit. Quickly found, I begin massaging you ever quicker toward orgasm. I match the actions of my fingers to the thrusting of our hips, pushing us closer a shared climax. The hot flow of water from the shower splashes across your back, running down your spread legs.

Suddenly, there is no turning back. You begin pushing yourself harder and faster back onto my cock. I feel my balls tighten as they get ready to release my cum into you. Faster and faster and faster we move, until we reach our ultimate velocity. We simply cannot possibly fuck any faster. With a animal-like scream, I give a final thrust up your tunnel. My prick extends as far inside you as it can. my balls tighten and spray the first jet of cum inside you. Your orgasm hits as you feel my cum paint your inner walls. Your legs shake uncontrollably, and I tighten my grip about your waist to hold you up. With each pulse of my prick, I can feel the grip of your walls clinching my flesh.

The once-warm water has begun to cool, but it has done nothing to quell our passion. Reluctantly, I remove my cock from you, allowing you to stand upright. You turn to face me and we embrace. Your hand reaches for my dwindling cock, gently squeezing a final dollop from it. Our shared orgasm slowly fades into sweet memory.