 As I stepped into the elevator at the Royale Hotel, I reflected on how lucky I was. Pixie O'Donnell, one of the biggest stars in Hollywood, had agreed to give an interview to a local reporter, and she had chosen me. I had been with the Groveport Sentenel for a little less than a year, and I was beside myself with excitement at getting such a plum assignment.

Of course, any reporter would have jumped at the chance. Miss O'Donnell, perhaps the premier child star of 1922, was making a whistlesop tour on the Prairie Flyer to promote her latest picture, Granpa Pockett's Old Grey Mare. She had a private railroad car, and was stopping not only in the large cities, but also in the smaller towns like Groveport, where so many people loved her so dearly.

Pixie O'Donnell was America's Darling, the spunky little girl with blonde ringlets and a heart of gold.She had made the public fall in love with her in pictures like Tess of Green Meadow Farm, Maggie the Little Match Girl, and Dixie Capers. She could be funny, she could be courageous and bold, and she could play a sad scene so tenderly that sometimes the pianist in the theater had to pause to wipe away a tear. And now she was in Groveport and I was about to meet her.

The door to her suite was opened by a pretty mulatto girl in a maid's uniform. "Bonjour, M'sieu'," she said. "You are from le journal-the newspaper, yes?"

"Yes," I said, "I'm Oliver Gorse." She gestured me inside to a sitting room where a florid man with a bit of a paunch and the loudest necktie I have ever seen stood by the window. He had a pencil-thin moustache and Brilliantined hair and a smile popped onto his face when he saw me like it was controlled by a switch. He extended his hand and crossed to greet me.

"How do you do," he said, "I'm Miles Mandrake, Publicity Department, Mammoth Pictures."

I introduced myself and we sat down.

"Pixie will be right with us," he said, "She's just freshening up. You know how girls are, alway fussing about their looks." He rose and walked over to sideboard on which were two tumblers. He reached into his inside pocket and took out a pint flask and winked at me. "While we're waiting, how about a little hair of the dog? This is the good stuff-straight from Canada. I say, what the John Laws don't know won't hurt 'em." He poured two generous drinks and handed me one. I thanked him and put it on the side table. He made his disappear.

An inner door opened and Pixie walked in followed by the maid. It was like she had stepped off the screen. There were the same blonde ringlets, the same blue gingham dress, the same pink pinafore she had worn in so many of her roles. She smiled sweetly and curtseyed. "I'm so happy to meet you, Mr...?"

"Gorse, Oliver Gorse."

"Oh yes. Uncle Miles told me you were coming. Shall we all sit down?"

Her voice was lilting and sweet. It suggested innocence, like her rosy cheeks and clear blue eyes. We all sat down. Pixie sat in a morris chair that seemed far too big for her. I noticed Mr. Maxwell behind her pour himself another little tot.

"Now, Miss O'Donnell-" "I began.

She blushed. "Oh, please, it doesn't seem right you calling me 'Miss O'Donnell', you being a grown-up and all. Please call me Pixie."

I think I must have blushed. "OK, Pixie. Now, I understand you're here to promote your new picture Granpa Pockett's Old Grey Mare-"

"Damn fine picture," said Maxwell. His tongue seemed to be getting a little thick.

"Oh yes," said Pixie. "It's such a wonderful picture and I had such a wonderful time making it."

"And I believe you're starring once again with Roland Carstairs, who played Colonel Beauregard opposite you in Dixie Capers?"

"Oh, yes. Uncle Roland is so sweet and kind. He-"

"Damn fine actor," slurred Maxwell. "Damn fucking fine actor."

There was an awkward silence and then Pixie said to her maid, "Cosette, I think Uncle Miles isn't feeling well. Would you please help him to his room?"

The mullato maid hoisted Maxwell from his chair with an ease that indicated much practice, and conveyed him into a bedroom and closed the door.

"I hope he's going to be all right," I said.

"Oh, he'll be fine," answered Pixie. "Cosette just slipped a little veronal in his drink."

"I beg your pardon?"

"He'll be out for a couple of hours. Plenty of time for us to finish our business."

Something was different. The girlish lilt, the hint of naivete were gone. Pixie pulled the ringlets off her head, revealing a pretty light brown bob. She reached into a pocket of her pinafore and took out a packet of cigarettes and a box of matches. She lit up and sat puffing for a moment, and then stood up and crossed the room to me."Are you going to drink that?" she said, pointing to the whiskey on the table.

My head was spinning. I was speechless. I shook my head. She took the glass and downed in in one gulp as if it had been Dr. Pepper. I finally stammered, "I...I don't understand."

Pixie took a long drag on her cigarette and let the smoke out through her nostrils. "It's perfectly simple. It's been a while since I've had a good fuck. I had my eye on you when we arrived at the train station. You're a good looking boy. I think you're just what I need."

"You want me to...?"

She waved her hands, leaving a trail of smoke. "Hey,I'm human. I have needs like anybody else."

The maid reappeared from the bedroom and closed the door. "Il est endormi," she said.

"It's a long lonely haul, these publicity tours," Pixie went on. "If I didn't have Cosette with me I think I'd go crazy. She's the best pussy licker on the west coast."

Cosette looked coy. "Merci, Madmoiselle."

I said, "Holy shit."

Pixie approached me again and sat on my lap. She began to rock very slowly. "The last time I did this was with that old perv Roland Carstairs in Dixie Capers. That was such a long shoot, and I was so fucking bored I decided to give him a boner while we were playing the scene. Thirteen takes. Made him mess his pants."

It was working on me too.

She loosened my tie and stripped off my Arrow collar and tossed it away. "You've got to relax. You're just going to fuck me and I'm just going to fuck you, and we'll both have a lovely time." She started working on my belt buckle.

I finally had the presence of mind to blurt out, "I can't do that. You're only-"

She pressed her fingers against my lips. "Don't say it. I'll scream if I hear that one more time. How old do you think I am?" Without waiting for an answer, she said," I'm twenty-six. I'm a grown woman. They just put me in all these kid parts because I'm petite. Here, I'll show you."

She slipped off my lap, undid her pinafore and dress and dropped them on the floor. Underneath were a lavender silk camisole and pair of step-ins. In another moment they came off, and she stood facing me, on display with her hands on her hips.

The flare of her hips was much more noticeable without the dress. She had graceful, gentle, womanly curves. Her small breasts were tipped with prominent puffy nipples, like deep pink strawberries. Her belly was nicely rounded. Between her thighs was a neatly trimmed triangle of honey-colored hair. She looked more than fetching, and it was difficult to reconcile the sight with little Tess catching frogs in the creek on Green Meadow farm.

"You like what you see?" she asked with a wicked smile. She ran her hands up and down her trim body and fixed me with a hungry gaze. "Maybe you need a little encouragement." She went back and slouched in her chair. "Cosette," she said, "come lube me up." 

"Oui, Mademoiselle," said Cosette. She knelt down and buried her face between Pixie's thighs. Her head began to bob up and down, and Pixie started panting and squirming in the chair.

Cosette lifted her head. "Mademoiselle est tres deliciuse ce soir."

"Never mind that," gasped Pixie, "more licking and less talking. She threw her head back. "Oh, yessss. Eat me , you French whore!" She grabbed the maid's head and moaned. "Oh, you're such a slut. You make me a slut. I want to be a dirty slut!"

It was about then I noticed that Cosette was wearing nothing under her maid's uniform. I could clearly see her esquisite ass and plump pussy as she bent to her work. Not only that, but her hand was between her legs stroking her pussy. Two fingers slipped in and out, glistening with her wetness.

I also noticed I looked like I was hiding a tent pole in my pants. Pixie reached a shuddering climax and lay on the chair flushed and spent and staring at me. She noticed it too.

Cosette was off to the side stripping off her uniform. Pixie came over to me on her hands and knees, purring like a kitten. She once again climbed in my lap, slipped a puffy nipple between my lips, and lay a caressing hand on my hardon . "What have we here?" she whispered. "Did you bring a present for little Pixie?"

As she stroked me I licked and sucked her stiff pink nipples, first one, then the other, and then the first again. Pixie urged me to bite them and I did. I thought she was going to jump out of her skin.

By this time, Pixie had managed to undo my belt and my fly and pull aside my BVD's. Her hand was soft and cool on my swollen cock; I could almost feel it grow in her fingers. She slipped off my lap and knelt on the floor. She started licking the tip of my cock. I sat there disbelieving, thinking The crown princess of Hollywood is going down on me.

That thought was quickly swept away by Pixie's expert performance. She licked me, she sucked me, she nipped me with her tiny teeth, she stroked me with her tiny hand. She teased my aching dick without mercy, and I moaned and gasped and urged her on, and begged her not to stop. I don't even know what I said, but I meant every word of it.

I could feel the surge coming. I could swear my cock was quivering. Pixie chose that moment to pull away, and I nearly wept. "Oh, no you don't, big boy," she said, "Lie down on the rug." I did so and she squatted over my cock, playing with it some more until it stood like a flagpole. Then she eased her sopping cunt down on to it.

"Ahhhhh," she said.

"Ahhhhh," I said. She was tight and slick and molten. Cosette had done her job well. Each of us began to move. I held the soft, firm cheeks of her ass as my member glided in and out of her.

"Give it to me," she hissed. "Give it to me, you fucker. Fuck me, fuck me stupid." She called Cosette, and the buxom mulatto came over and sat carefully on my face, giving me a close-up view of her glistening pussy. I had never licked a woman's privates before, but it seemed my tongue knew what to do. I slipped it into her, lapping her cunt with long slow strokes. Cosette soon could not sit still. She cried out almost nonstop, one exclamation after another. I don't understand French, but I'm pretty sure It was all filthy.

So there I was, with a pretty little white girl devouring my cock with her cunt, and a pretty dark girl whose cunt I was devouring. I went off someplace in my head and drowned in the pleasure.

Pixie was fucking my cock in a frenzy. She called me a dirty boy for the twentieth time and I could feel her stiffen and arch her back. She gave out with a loud keening sound and trembled all over. Her body relaxed, still impaled by my raging cock.

A few moments later, Cosette's obscene rant reached a climax, and she did too. My face was drenched with her juice. And then I went off like a geyser, filling Pixie's cunt and singing a little aria of my own.

Pixie backed off and leaned against the chair, her eyes closed. A thin stream of white was leaking from her pussy and dribbling onto the rug. "You'll do, big boy, You'll do."

I lay on the floor panting, my cock slowly deflating. "I don't know what to say."

"You're going to have to say 'Good-bye'," said Pixie. "I have to take a shower bath, and Miles isn't going to sleep forever."

I sat up. "But, can't I ever-"

Pixie bent down and patted my cheek. "Listen, you did a great job-really first class. But I've got things to do, and so do you. If I ever come back this way, I'll look you up." She gave me a playful slap. "Now hurry up and get your pants back on before Miles wakes up."

I said, "But what about my story?" and felt like an ass as soon as I said it.

Cosette, back in her maid's dress, handed me some typewritten pages. Pixie said, "That's some publicity stuff we had done up. Just change a few things and you'll be fine. Good-bye, lover." She blew me a kiss and disappeared into the bathroom.

#

AMERICA'S DARLING IS NOW GROVEPORT"S DARLING TOO

GROVEPORT- America's sweetheart, Miss Pixie O'Donnell, visited our fair city yesterday and made it all the fairer. Miss O'Donnell, who has captured the hearts of the nation in motion pictures like Ragamuffin Row and Beverly, the Circus Girl, is on a nationwide tour to promote her latest picture, Granpa Pockett's Old Grey Mare. The dear little girl made a charming speech at...

And it went on like that for three columns. The public ate it up. My editor loved it, and I even got a small bonus. Pixie never came back to Groveport. I confess I'd be surprised if she had. I never missed one of her pictures after that, but I was always careful to sit in the back row and keep my hat on my lap.

END