 The shower door slides open and he steps inside; she is not startled, she senses him even as her eyes are closed. The fragrance of her body wash is heady as he stands behind her nibbling her neck. She melts, sighing as he kisses and sucks her nape. He moves his mouth to her shoulders, she quivers with wanting.

The warm water cascades over her perfect curvy body as he moves in closer he places his hands on her hips. 

Gently he slides his right hand around her and caresses her beautiful round belly; god she's lovely, every inch of her. She is magnificent; young, eager and full of sexual abandon.

With eyes still closed she smiles and washes those big beautiful breasts of hers; he brings his hand up and cups one of them, but his hand cannot accommodate their magnificent bounty. She adds her hand and together they push it up to her mouth as she takes the nipple and sucks on it. She feels his hard cock against the crease of her plump ass and remembers what nasty things they did last night. She smiles again and hopes that this will lead to a repeat performance. 

Pulling her back against him, she leans on his body; a sensual "MMMM" comes from her lips as he takes the right nipple and gently tweaks it, pulls it and flicks it. Her nipples reacting to the water now become harder; as he becomes harder from watching her. 

His other hand curves around her hips across that wondrous belly heading to her mound. His fingers travel through the silken locks of her brown neatly trimmed bush as she moans as sign of assent that he should continue. 

Parting her outer lips, his finger slips in with little effort. Is it the water that has made her so, or is it her own wetness. He feels a slicker fluid in her and he leans down to nuzzle her neck again. She giggles like a little girl and shrugs her shoulders at the way his beard and moustache tickle her. But soon that changes as a second finger enters her cleft and she reacts more like a woman, letting out a moan of pleasure and desire. 

Moving her away from the direct spray of the water he turns her and leans her against the cool tiles of the shower. He whispers something into her ear, and she nods her head in agreement as her breath becomes more labored and shallow. 

Kneeling before her he places his mouth on her, slowly licking her outer mound as his fingers massage her wet pussy. He breathes a little heavy too as he is aroused by her taste and smell. She begins to caress her breasts and starts to play with her now turgid nipples. 

The way he licks her is like an ice cream cone, slowly savoring each taste. Probing her with his tongue she squirms slightly wanting it deeper inside her. Moving one hand off herself she runs her fingers through his hair and tugs it gently pushing him deeper into her now soaking wet sex. He increases the pace of his licks and toys with the area around her clit. Her moans are louder and she starts begging him to eat her pussy. He does, and she parts her legs wider to give him more room to maneuver. 

That evil, wicked tongue that flayed her last night is there again, with quick staccato flicks her clit awakens and starts to twitch a little. Her moans now turn into begs for him to use it on her clit more; he obliges, first with a slow circling motion and then with quick flicks over the hood he coaxes it to become nub hard. That lovely wicked tongue has a mind of its own and plays down there with wild recklessness. She moans again, and points her toes standing on them. He sees her arch up and he pushes in deeper tasting the velvety cream of sex that is flowing from her. 

"This is so hot" she thinks, "and he's so hot"; she wants this to go on and on but she knows at some point she'll cum. She grips his hair harder and pushes her pussy into his face. He lets out a moan as she looks down their eyes lock. Her breathing is now shallower and she is gazing into his eyes seeing the lust building within.

His right hand strokes his cock, and with his left he reaches up and grabs her right nipple again rolling it firmly in the grasp of his thumb, index and middle fingers. She is in heaven all this attention, all this lust for her; looking down again she locks eyes with him and now sees that he is determined to make her cum. She nods her head telling him to go for it she's been teetering on the edge for a while. 

As his slow licks are countered with quick flicks, she rises on tip-toe again pushing her hips up and down fucking that tongue that's driving her crazy. Her head swims, visions come and go; visions of him, of her and him, of her alone masturbating while reading his scorching e-mails, cumming like a dirty little girl, her roommate walking in on them. She smiles at that one, it hasn't happened - yet. She wishes it would; she'd watch as he ate out her roommate and maybe they would have a torrid three-way. It has been a fantasy of hers to be with him and another woman and he's just so dirty that he would probably go for it.

Her resistance wanes and now both hands are in his hair pushing her hip, grinding them into his sweet face. That goatee and moustache tickling all the right places, she bears down one more time as he pushes his tongue deep into her pink mound. With a low groan she comes. Steadying herself against the tiled wall she lets the orgasm wash over her as she calls his name and growls a few yeses. As she cums, he takes his hands and gently rakes the fingertips over her thighs. It heightens the sensations and causes her to buck wildly. He holds her thighs to steady her and as a few aftershocks roll through making her body twitch she lets out a hearty laugh and looks down at him with appreciative eyes.

The quaking subsides and her rises to his feet. Draping her arms around him she kisses him tasting her juices on his face; it tastes so sweet and she laps it all up. Her eyes glance down at his engorged fat cock. Now it will be his turn, she takes a good portion of the scented body wash and rubs it through her hands. Standing behind him she gets on her knees and reaches between his legs and goes up finding that mass of cockflesh. Curling her fingers around his stiff manhood the body wash makes for an excellent lube and her hand glides effortlessly along the shaft. He breathes heavy and leans his head back. Standing facing the shower head he braces himself with one hand on the wall. She giggles as the water flowing over him makes the body wash on his shaft lather and her hand slides with more ease. She tells him it's OK if he shoots, he's probably aroused from the wild oral he performed on her and she wants to see him cum. 

Moaning, his cock grows fatter in her hand and she wonders whether she might not enjoys a morning "taste". Maneuvering around him she kneels in front of him, taking her beautiful tongue she flicks the head and takes just a little of it in her mouth. He wants to fuck her mouth, explode in it. She wants to prolong the agony just a bit longer and get a full load. 

Her mouth takes in the head and she swirls her talented tongue around it; sucking some of the pre-cum form his slit she uses it and her spit to lube it. With her right hand she moves up and down the shaft in a corkscrew motion. He groans and starts to breathe heavier. A little more of his rigid mass disappears in her mouth and then some more until finally the she's down to his base. 

Suppressing her need to gag she holds him there and slowly releases him. At this point he's hard as a rock and she sets to work. Licking the shaft and then the balls her ministrations cause him to plead for release. Looking wickedly into his eyes she swallows him again and again sucking that delicious cock. She's begging, pleading for his release in her warm, wet waiting mouth by her actions and he is so close. 

Sensing it, she flicks her tongue over the head rapidly; as she does so his balls draw up. He tenses, his hips buck and the first pulse of relief breaks through. She takes the head in her mouth and feels the warm sweet ooze hit her in the back of her mouth. She knows he's not done yet; opening her mouth just a bit she takes him down to his base again as another massive torrent pours in. Her eyes close as she revels in what she's done. Gently squeezing his balls a final spurt leaves him. 

There is so much that some drips out of her pretty mouth and onto her big beautiful breasts. A slight trickle curls in the corner of her lips. Standing up she uses her middle finger to wipe up the cum in the corner of her lips and licks the fingertip clean. She looks slyly at where it landed on her tits, seeing that one glob is by the nipple she pushes the nipple to her mouth and sucks it off. The other dollop is in her cleavage, with two fingers she scoops it up and swallows it. 

They stand there holding each other, kissing passionately, laughing and smiling. Stepping out of the shower he wraps a towel around her. This is what she loves, the pampering after; he dries her, of course occasionally "slipping" the terrycloth into or over a sensitive place. She giggles, and sighs and purrs, as he dries her breasts, he takes extra time on her large still stiff nipples. She's aroused again and looking at him with those amazing brown eyes takes his hand. She tells him that it's Saturday and they're going back to bed they're staying home all day to laugh, to be lazy and to fuck. 

© 2007 Linebacker Media LLC