 It's been a long day, and I was perfectly happy standing under the warm water, letting it cascade over my body, its' warmth soothing the muscles and washing the stress of the day away. As the day's events started to fade away, other methods of releasing stress start to fill my mind. Filling my palm with body wash, I slide my hands down my naked torso, enjoying the feel of my hardening nipples, the curves of my skin slippery with soap.

A noise behind me draws my attention, and startled, I turn toward it, finding you smiling at me from around the shower curtain.

"Can I join you?"

I grin. "Absolutely." Reaching out to you as you step into the tub, my light skinned hand lands on your muscled, dark chest before sliding around to your back as we pull each other closer. Your large and heavy cock is already hardening, pushing against my belly, and I smile as you slide a hand to the side of my neck to pull me into a kiss.

It's not just a basic kiss; it's a choreographed dance of lips, tongues, and teeth. I gently suck your full bottom lip into my mouth, nibbling on it before giving you my tongue to play with using your tongue. Within minutes, I'm weak-kneed and holding onto you is as much about keeping myself upright as it is about wanting you close to me. 

I reach down, the soap that hasn't been washed from my body yet making it a quick slide to your cock. I wrap my fingers around your shaft, smiling against your mouth as I hear your breath hitch, and stroking the length of you. I want you as weak kneed as you've made me. You pull away from the kiss, leaning against the wall, and I reach down with my other hand so that both hands and stroking you, one focusing on the shaft while the other plays around the head. I lean into you to trace my tongue up the pulse in your neck, inhaling your warm masculine smell. 

I feel your hand fisting in my hair, pulling it. Surprised, I open my mouth to protest as my head pulls back, but I never have a chance as your mouth meets mine. Where the first kiss had its gentle, slow burn, this is all fiery heat. As you thrust your tongue into my mouth, I have no doubt that you want me as much as I want you. As suddenly as it started, it stops with you breaking the kiss and turning me so that my back is against your chest. One of your hands caresses and then cups one of my very large breasts as the other slid down my body to my pussy. I moan as your fingers slid between my lips, flicking over my clit before slipping inside me. Laying my head back against your shoulder, your mouth takes the opportunity to work its magic over the sensitive side of my neck. Leaning against you (because my legs weren't exactly holding me up anymore) I reach behind me so that I could wrap my fingers around your hardness again. 

The fingers playing with my nipple seem to be keeping a rhythm with the hand that was furiously finger fucking me while flicking the thumb over my clit. My hips had a mind of their own as they work to meet the thrusts of your fingers. Going crazy in my desire for you, I finally pull away to turn to you and kiss you, pushing you against the wall. Sliding down to sit on the edge of the tub, I wrap my fingers around your cock and smile up at you before sliding my tongue around the head, eliciting a moan. I repeat the motion with my tongue, stroking you with one hand while the other reaches out to caress your balls, keeping eye contact with you. When I just lightly drew the tip of my tongue down your shaft, I heard you sigh.

"Are you teasing me?" You asked softly.

With my tongue swirling around the head of your cock, I don't say anything, but cup your balls instead. When I heard the mixture of frustration and want in your groan, I decide you'd had enough teasing and engulf the head of your cock into my mouth, sucking deep, still using my tongue around the head as I moved your cock in and out of my mouth. 

Choreographing my movements, I suck your cock down as far as I can go, feeling your head at the back of my throat, massaging your balls with my hand. Increasing pressure with my hand that's stroking your cock, I suck harder, moving my tongue around your cock rapidly, as my head bounces up and down on your cock. 

The jerking of your cock lets me know of your impending orgasm, and I continue to stroke you with my hand tight around your shaft as I sit up. I slip my other arm under my breasts to hold them up for you to cum on. 

I look up at you. "I want you to cum for me. I want to feel you cum on my tits."

Apparently, those were the magic words because a moment later, I feel your hot cum landing on my breasts and slowly sliding down to my nipples, accompanied by a loud guttural groan from your throat. As you slumped against the wall for a moment, I took the opportunity to look down at my spunk covered breasts, amazed at the amount that covered them. Swiping a finger over one nipple, I scoop up some cum and touch it to my tongue. 

I wiggle my eyebrows comically. "Mmmm...cream filling."

With a grin, you pull me to my feet, and let your gaze wander down to take in the view of my cum covered breasts. "I like the way that looks." You look a little while longer before washing it away and leaning down to give me a kiss. I push my soft, curvaceous body against your hard, athletic one as the kiss deepens, and again, I feel you start to harden against me.

I break the kiss in surprise. "Already?"

Your mouth took the opportunity to kiss and nipple on my neck again. "I'm not fifty," you replied. 

Any snappy remarks that I might have are lost as your mouth finds mine again for a deep kiss just before you pull away to turn me around.

"What do you have in mind?" I try to sound light and flirtatious, but my voice comes out breathless. 

"I want to be inside you" was your only response as you bend me slightly at the waist and spread my legs with one resting on the side of the tub. I don't have time to brace against the wall as you slide all the way into me in one stroke, the extreme wetness making it easy for your hard, thick cock to slide into my very tight pussy. We both groan with the incredible feeling when you started to pump in and out of me. Reaching back to you, I steady myself with a hand on your hip as the other hand is up against the wall my forehead rested against. You pull me back against you so that I'm standing straighter, still pumping in and out of me, and you slide your hand down to my clit, rubbing the throbbing little nub. 

Never having been a woman who could climax from intercourse—or for that matter, while standing up—I am surprised when an orgasm tears through me, leaving me limp. The continual thrusting keeps the orgasm going long after it began, and I lean up against the wall to keep me from falling. 

"Oh, God, your cock feels so good inside me," I manage as the orgasm starts to subside, relishing in the feeling of feeling all of you within my tight walls.

I feel another wave of orgasm rip through me and scream out. At the same time, I feel your cock jerk inside me and hear you groan as you cum, filling me up. Within moments, I feel your cum sliding around in me, and as you soften and pull out, your cum mixed with my wetness starts to slide out of me and down my legs. Our heavy breathing and the water of the shower were the soundtrack to the silence after cumming. After a moment, I force myself to turn on shaky legs to face you. Pulling me close to you, you kiss me gently. I slide a hand down the side of your handsome face, rubbing the pad of my thumb over your bottom lip before leaning in again to brush my lips over yours.

"Ready to get out of here?" I asked softly.

"Only if we can go to the bed," was your reply with a lascivious grin.