 All day at work all Diane could think about was getting home to Bill. He had been out of town for over two months on business. Bill got home last night after spending over fourteen hours jumping on and off planes so he could get home in time for her birthday. Diane knew last night that he was exhausted because as soon as he finished his shower, he fell in the bed and was asleep in minutes. 

Two months was a long time for a hyper sexual woman to be without her man. She lay there watching him sleep and thinking how lucky she was to have such as wonderful man in her life. Not only was he a great provider, but he was sexy as hell too for a man at the ripe old age of forty-six. Bill worked out and it showed in his physic. Muscular, broad shoulder, slight sloping T-shape chest, a slight punch but on him it was sexy. His butt was something that women who were butt lovers dreamed about, two prefect grapefruit size ass cheeks with the deepest dimples on the side. Bill's cock was average but how he used it was amazing and never failed to satisfy Diane completely. 

Now Diane was no slough either for a forty-four year old woman. She was 5'9', with the prefect wine goblet size 36C breasts and a small rounded tummy because very few women over thirty had a flat stomach. Diane had a nice rounded ass too thanks to Pilates exercises.

She loved everything about her man, but what she loved most was devouring his cock whether with her pussy or her mouth. The thought of his dick, hard and throbbing in her cunt or between her lips, made her clit stand to full attention and cunt juices flow. So today at work all Diane wanted to do was get home to her man to show him how much she wanted and needed him in her life and between her legs.

Diane entered the house through the kitchen door which was just off the master bedroom in the back of the house. She knew Bill was home. The evidence was dirty dishes in the sink and the shower running in the master bath. It was at that moment that Diane decided to show her guy just how much he meant to her.

She quietly walked into the bedroom and to her surprise her man had plans for her. In one corner of the room was a table with two long stem roses, one red and one white, on a black linen tablecloth with a candle lit dinner for two and soft music playing in the background. Diane smiled mischievously and went over to blow out the candles. She took the dinner back to the kitchen, placing it in the warmer over the oven for later because after she was through with Bill, he would need that meal to restore his nourishment.

Diane went back to the bedroom stripping off her work clothes on the way. She slipped into the bathroom unnoticed by Bill who was standing in the shower with water running down his back. He was facing the wall so he didn't see Diane walk in. She quietly opened the shower door and slipped inside sliding her hands around his waist and pressing her naked body up against his back. He jumped and then relaxed when he recognized her scent apples and cinnamon. 

"She always smells like apple pie and what red blooded male didn't like apple pie," Bill thought to himself. 

He started to turn but she pressed against him and slid her hands up his chest, cupping his shoulders and pressing slightly. She rose up on tiptoes and whispered in his ear, "No, don't turn around yet. I have plans for you." 

Bill relaxed and smiled because he knew that if Diane has plans for him, it was something that he was going to enjoy. 

He could feel her hard nipples rubbing against his back while she began to kiss a path down his back, her hand squeezing and caressing his muscular arms. Her tongue licked a water droplets on his shoulder blades down the center of his back to the curve of his butt cheeks. Her teeth nibbled on the taught skin and licked water. Tasting her man was was erotic to her that the juices from her cunt glistened on her lips. She continued her oral assault on Bill's body from behind. Diane's hands followed the path her lips and teeth took. She kneeled down and with her lips sucked first one butt cheek and then the other. Her tongue swirled in slow circles with her teeth lightly raking across his naked ass cheeks. Bill moaned his pleasure, but kept still knowing that Diane loved exploring his body. 

Meanwhile, Diane's hands slid down to his thighs with her nails raking light circles up and down them. Her lips found the crack of his ass and blew warm puffs of air as she licked on either side of his sphincter. She slid down further angling her head and capturing first one testicle and then the other in her mouth, sucking and bathing them with her tongue. 

Diane moaned and the vibrations sent a new and unexpected thrill through Bill. She felt his ball sac tighten and knew that it was filling with cum. Not wanting to miss one drop of his nectar, with one quick motion she twisted around and released his balls. Her tongue licked from his ball sac to his blood engorged head and back down. Diane repeated this fucking motion again, but bounced her tongue like a vibrator against the underside of his cock. Her mouth closed around the head as she looked up into Bill's face. His eyes were closed, mouth slightly open, and breathing deeply. The sight of him made the walls of her cunt spasm in an orgasm. There was something powerful about giving her lover pleasure that sent her over the edge every time with her cunt walls twitching in orgasm.

Diane continued to mouth fuck Bill's cock, up and down, stroking the length with her tongue, slowly working his cock into the back of her throat. She relaxed her throat muscles to take him as deep as she could without gagging. Then she let his cock slide back out. The rhythm was slow at first, slow and steady as she began to taste more pre-cum leaking from his hole. She slid his cock out until just the head was resting against her lips, swirling her tongue around and around the head and then swallowing his dick back down her throat until her face was pressed against his stomach. Inch by inch Diane swallowed his cock deep into her throat letting him slide back out of her mouth. She repeated the deep throating one, two, three times. Diane felt Bill's body trembling. His hands cupped her head as he seated his cock deep in her throat. The first squirt of his cum hit the back of her throat. Diane gagged and pulled back to catch loads of his juices as his body spasmed. She swallowed large, creamy, salty, slick loads of his cum. Diane swallowed all of it not wanting to lose a drop of Bill's ambrosia.

Bill caught his breath and looked down at Diane. His hand stroked her wet hair from her face. He smiled at her.

"My God, woman, the things you do to me!" 

She gave a deep throaty laugh and smiled back up at him.

"This girl is always thinking of ways to please her man." 

Bill laughed straddling her legs. He kneeled down pulling her legs up and over his shoulders as his lips kissed a path to her dripping wet cunt. Diane was moaning and bucking up and down because she knew what was about to happen and just thought of Bill's tongue flicking in and out of her cunt. As his fingers stroked her G-spot, it sent an uncontrollable shiver through her body. He licked and nibbled the inside of first one thigh and then the other repeating the torture. Diane was moaning, her hands pulling at his head trying to get his head between her legs to her hot cunt. Bill was not having any of it. He wanted to lick her quite thoroughly and surprise her like she surprised him. 

"Baby, let me feel your tongue on my twat," Diane moaned, and at that moment Bill slid his finger into her tight sphincter as he parted her lips and his tongue rubbed against her throbbing clitoris. She grasped, her legs tighten around his head, her hand squeezing his head. His tongue was preforming miracles on her honey hole. Diane was panting, bucking up and down, and squeezing and pinching her erect nipples in rhythm to his cunnilingus. Bill felt her body tremble. Her legs started to spasm as Diane reached her climax, and she squirted vaginal juices in his mouth and face. 

Bill licked and sucked every drop while his hands stroked up and down her trembling legs as she came down from orgasmic release. Bill slid back up her body, and Diane could feel his rock hard dick on her thigh en route to her wet cunt. Chest to breast thigh to thigh and in a flash he flipped her over, pulled her up on her knees, and in one quick thrust plunged his cock into her cunt.

Fucking doggy style, the water beating down on their hot bodies was the most erotic feeling for Diane. She was bucking back against him while he thrust deeply into her. In and out, out and in, the pace was fast, furious, hot, and incredible. 

Bill and Diane were grunting from the exertions. His hands were wrapped around her wrist using her as leverage to send them both over the edge into orgasmic abyss. Diane thought that Bill's cock grew with each thrust, and her cunt tightened in response, feeling her lover's dick rubbing against her G-spot so furiously. Bill could feel his balls tighten as he watched his cock slide in and out of her clinching pussy. Suddenly, their bodies tensed, Bill's cock exploded, and Diane's cunt burst sending them off into climactic bliss.