 She put the roast in the oven. Most everything else for dinner was done. Her husband would be home in about an hour. She had just enough time to take a quick shower. 

She went upstairs to the bathroom and started the shower. The bathroom had a door into the hall and another into their bedroom. It wasn't a fancy bathroom. It wasn't even a decent bathroom. Nope it was hideous. It was 1972 yellow tile, a bathtub/shower that looked dingy no matter how many times she scrubbed it. She didn't like the rest of the house either. Dan had bought it before they married, he kept promising to fix it up. Sure, someday. 

While the shower warmed up, she went into her room and took her clothes off. First her sweatshirt, no bra - she was at home. Then she peeled off her yoga pants. Who wears underwear with yoga pants? 

She caught herself in the mirror. Her red hair went past her shoulders and there was a lot of it. It was wavy and thick. She had tied it up in a bun, while she was cooking. So she let it down.

She really was a redhead, but there were no curtains to match the drapes. She had that waxed off whenever it started to fill in. Her skin was very white. And freckled. 

She did a little spin, it wasn't too bad. She wanted to drop a few pounds, but doesn't every woman? A million squats at the gym had put a nice shape on her ass. But her boobs, those were her selling point. 42DD. At twenty six, they were still pretty firm and held their own. 'The girls' had gotten her more free drinks over the years than she could remember. Her nipples were thick and very very sensitive. Just the cool air had made them rock hard. 

Well it wasn't just the air that made them hard. She was pretty turned on. She had been very horny all day. She knew why. She even had the app to tell her. She was ovulating. Since sixteen, around this time on the calendar, her bits tingled nonstop for a couple days. 

She ran her fingers down her smooth mound and lightly rubbed her clit. 

"No." If she started now, she'd still be on that bed rubbing herself when her husband got home. She headed for the shower. 

She turned on the lights. Then closed the door to stop the draft. The bathroom was in the middle of the house, no windows. She turned on her music. Thomas Rhett was singing about a Happy Man. She loved this song and started singing along while she lathered up her hair. Her shampoo and conditioner had Moroccan oil, she loved it. Her friend, Veronica had introduced her to this shampoo. It made her hair feel so nice. So did Veronica. Drunk Veronica was the best kisser she had ever been with. They had started drinking at lunch by the pool and ended in up naked in bed. In the shower afterward, she discovered Moroccan oil shampoo and conditioner. All in all, a great afternoon. 

Damn it. She caught herself sliding her finger toward her clit. No. Not until later. She had decided it was time to have a child. She hadn't used the pill in three months. Dan didn't know. He wanted kids too, but she wanted to surprise him. Tonight he was going to get very lucky. She had already picked out the panties she was going to wear. The panties and an apron. That was all she would be wearing to dinner tonight. 

The song on the radio changed to Kenny Chesney singing 'Anything but Mine'. Another of her favorites, it started a little quiet. And she heard footsteps on the stairs. Dang it, he was home way earlier than she thought he'd be home. She'd better get moving. She took her favorite loofah and her bath & body works vanilla coconut body wash and started lathering up.

She felt the door open more than she heard it. The cold draft raised goose bumps on her back. Then it closed. She knew he was there. "Got out early?" No reply. 

"He better not be in a pissy mood. I need him focused tonight." She thought

She heard his belt jingling, then a zipper. They don't tell you about this sexy aspect of marriage, listening to your husband pee while you took a shower. To her surprise, she heard him take off his shirt and drop it on the floor. 

Then the lights went out. Oh my. This is different. 

"Hey, I kinda need to see what I'm doing when I shave my legs." 

His only response was to pull back the curtain and step in behind her. 

Her next thought was "Maybe this won't be such a bad way to start the evening"

He took the loofah from her hand, and started to scrub her back. A little firmer than usual, but it was making her skin tingle. He loofahed her from her neck to her ankles and everywhere in between. HIs soapy hand spread her ass cheeks and started massaging her asshole. 

"Oh my." That was a place he hadn't explored in a long time. She was really starting to enjoy this shower. 

He reached up and took the shower head and started rinsing her off. Then took the bottle of conditioner and stared rubbing the moroccan oil conditioner into her hair. He was so gentle, yet firm rubbing her hair and her scalp. Then he took her hair in one hand and pulled it all over her left shoulder. She felt his hairy chest on her back. Dan's chest wasn't usually that hairy. It felt great, every nerve on her back was excited. 

Then she felt his mouth on her shoulder, her neck. Damnnnn... She was so turned on that her pussy was almost vibrating. She leaned her head back and he nuzzled up against her ear and started nibbling. She arched her back towards him. Trying to grind against his cock She felt it against her ass. He was hard. She wanted it inside. Now. 

He reached around under her arms, she felt his five o'clock shadow on her neck as he blew in her ear. Holy fuck that was amazing! He'd never done that before. Then his hands were on her boobs. He was squeezing them and she was gasping for air. Then she came. Just like that. He hadn't touched clit yet. Hell, he barely touched below her waist, except with the loofah. Her legs felt like jelly. His hands focused on her nipples. He toyed with them and twisted them. It was exquisite. Her nipples had a magical connection to her clit. As he twisted them with his fingers, another wave came over her. 

She couldn't take it any longer. She knew what she needed. And she needed it now. She assumed the position for him. Placing a hand on each side of the wall, she bent over at the waist and spread her legs. And braced herself to take him. 

Instead of his hard cock, she felt his hand rubbing her clit and pussy from behind. She came again. 

"Please. Please. Fuck me now." 

Her heart was pounding in her ears, the water was splashing on her lower back. Then he slid two fingers into her. He used them to fuck her. She closed her eyes and focused on how incredible this was. This was a first. He must be watching porn or something. Then the fingers were replaced with his fat thumb. He pounded her with his thumb, and his hand kept slapping her clit. 

It. Was. Sensational. 

Wave after wave of orgasm washed over her. Then her pussy just erupted and she sprayed cum all down her legs. Ho. Ly. Fuck. She couldn't breathe. She had no idea how long she had been there or how many times she came.

"Please. I need you in me. Now. Take me. Fuck that pussy like you own it."

In the background she heard Lady Antebellum singing 'You Look Good" playing. Her favorite dancing around naked song. She had worn out a few batteries in her butterfly to that song. Her ass automatically started grinding back against him. 

He responded well. His dick felt so hard. He grabbed her full hips and slid into her. Her face was still looking down at the dark bathtub that she hated. When he finally penetrated her, she didn't see anything anymore, just the back of her eyes.

At that moment, she knew something wasn't right. He had never gotten this deep into her. She was completely full. His cockhead was pounding on her cervix. She reached back felt his hairy thigh. 

Dan had very little hair. He had smooth legs. His chest had one little patch of hair. His cock... His cock felt nothing like this. Nothing. This was the best cock she had ever had inside of her. Dan was shorter. And she didn't remember him ever being this hard or this deep. 

Who was inside of her? Her brain was in overdrive. Just when she thought she would pull away from him, it happened. She started cumming. She came like she had never cum before. Her pussy was vibrating and pulsating around his dick. She was squirting again. She could feel it with each pulse. She felt her pussy wrap itself around him. He was pounding so hard, so deep, her head was hitting the tile. But she didn't care. She didn't care who this was. It was amazing. 

Then he made the first sound since pulling back the curtain. He grunted. The sound was so primal she could only imagine how turned on he was. He grabbed her hips so hard she knew she would be bruised. 

Then she felt it. His cock erupted inside of her. His cum was filling her pussy with his sperm and his pulsating cock was amazing. 

He finally slid out of her. 

She started to stand up. But her legs were so weak they could barely support her weight. 

Then shower curtain pulled aside and he was gone. She heard him grab his clothes. The door opened and the bathroom had light again for a moment. Then it closed. 

She stood there, both hands on the wall, leaning there, the water getting cooler and having no idea what the Hell just happened to her. Who was that? She was more troubled that she wanted it again, knowing it wasn't her husband's cum that had filled her pussy so deep. It wasn't her husband's cum that was still leaking out of her. 

She got her breath back. She reached out and turned the light on. The mirror was fogged over. Keith Urban and P!nk were singing about LA. She realized that her hair was covered with conditioner. She rinsed it off in the cold water. Then she got out and dried herself off. 

When she walked into her bedroom, she was completely satisfied. Those panties she planned to wear, went back in the drawer. She pulled out her favorite Mickey Mouse t-shirt and a pair of jeggings. After drying her hair and pulling it into a ponytail, she headed to the kitchen to finish making dinner. 

Don came home, asked about her day and went into a rant about his boss before she even got to answer.

What would she say? 

"I was wildly fucked by a complete stranger."

"I came so hard, that I'm dehydrated."

"My pussy was filled so deep, with so much cum, that it is still leaking into my pants two hours later."

So she just listened to him complain, ate her roast beef and wondered who the father of her child would be. She was absolutely sure that she would wake up pregnant tomorrow. 

A few hours later, the doorbell rang. It was Veronica and Tom, her husband. They were a fun couple. Especially drunk Veronica. Tom was a good looking guy, salt and pepper hair. He even had a touch of grey in his stubble. And a hairy chest. And hairy legs. 

"Tom was supposed to drop off this jar of salsa on his way home from work. Apparently he forgot and went to the gym instead." Veronica looked at him with a laugh in her eyes. "I can't believe he didn't stop by and give it to you."

Don said "Well at least we had an excuse to see you guys tonight. Let me pour you some drinks."

Tom looked at her. He looked into her. Through her clothes. Into her soul. In that moment, she knew he would have her again. 

And he knew he would have her again. 

What he didn't know was what he had given to her.