 This chapter is obviously a follow on from "The Shower." It can be read as a stand-alone story but to give the characters some context, I strongly recommend you to read the original. 

Either way, I hope you enjoy it.

..........................................

Unsurprisingly, every time I now saw Alex I looked at her in a new light. Having enjoyed the extras after she used my shower, I guess it was only natural.

I was sure she looked at me differently too. 

There was that knowing look. 

A bit more flirtatious, a knowing smile. 

A more intimate style of talking. 

Would her partner or mine know? Would they think something was up? And on that subject, when I saw her come home in her skin tight gym clothes, I found it more and more difficult to not get up and get a hard on. After all I had seen that glorious body of hers at close hand. Literally at close hand as I had massaged every inch and bought her to a powerful orgasm before the favour was reciprocated.

"How are you doing Will?" she said to me one hot sunny Saturday morning as we were both in our gardens opposite each other doing some chores.

"Good, and you?" I answered looking over at her in her shorts and tight fitting top, with just an inch or so of flat stomach on show as she stretched to tie a plant to its frame.

"Yes thanks, fine. The shower is fine now too," she added with a smile and a wink.

"Oh dear, that's a shame!" I responded as I crossed the road and stood in her garden. "I enjoyed it when your shower was broken."

"Now, now, Will, we said that was a one off," she said looking around making sure no other neighbours were within earshot.

"What a broken shower a one off? They often break," I replied and looked at her in mock surprise.

"You know damn well what I mean," she laughed. "It was what happened after the shower!"

"I don't know what you mean?"

"Of course not Will."

"Anyway, if you ever feel stiff after all your exercise and Hugh can't help, you know where I am."

"Yes, great idea Will, I am sure Sue would be delighted."

"Well she is at her Mums at the moment, so," I said leaving the conversation hanging. 

"Behave Will. In your dreams."

"True, it is!"

"Oh do behave. We had some fun, but not to be repeated, we agreed."

"I know, but a man can always hope."

"Yes, that's all it will be," she said now looking seriously at me. "It would be too much of a risk, however tempting."

"So you might be tempted?" I asked.

"Look Will, it was great, we enjoyed it, but we are both living with other people, I for one don't go and make a habit of having affairs so let's leave it as a nice memory. Ok?"

"OK, but you didn't answer my question, would you be tempted again?"

"Will, go, before I get cross. Go back to your garden!"

"Ok," I said as I went to cross the road.

"But yes, I was tempted to see if we could have some more fun, but we must never let it happen again; it's far too risky. Now go!!!" she said quietly, smiling at me.

"That's all I needed to know Alex."

With that I went on with my chores. Chores done I showered and sat in the back garden and enjoyed the sun, reading and having a glass of chilled white wine.

My solitude was interrupted by the doorbell.

I went through the house and saw Alex standing on the doorstep with a bottle of wine.

"Hi," I said.

"Hello, fancy a glass on this hot day?" Alex said holding the bottle up.

"Yeah, I am already having one funnily enough. Come through."

We went through the house and sat on the patio and were soon chatting away, drinking the wine. There was almost a mutually acknowledged embargo on not talking about what had happened in the past and the conversation this morning.

With another bottle opened, Alex looked at me in a peculiar way.

"Hugh, is away too," Alex said after a while, "He has gone to his Mum's too."

"Oh," was all I could think of saying.

I looked at her and she was staring directly at me.

"I think I am going to make one of the biggest mistakes of my life Will."

"What do you mean?"

"You know damn well," she said quietly. "That chat this morning bought back too many memories. Nice ones. Ones that turned me on memories."

"I see."

"Memories that make me want to do something stupid Will. Don't tell me you haven't thought of similar things?"

"No, of course not. I have had many nice re-runs and thoughts since we.."

I couldn't finish my sentence as Alex got up, sat up on my lap and started kissing me. The kissing got passionate as our tongues fought and probed each other's mouths.

Alex broke off the kiss. "Let's go inside," she said quietly as she got off my lap and pulled me out of the chair.

We were soon on the sofa, resuming our passionate kissing and stroking and fondling each other through our clothes. I soon found out Alex wasn't wearing a bra as I lifted her tee-shirt over her head. I fondled one of her perfectly shaped small but firm boobs as I suckled on the other, loving the way the nipple hardened to my licking, sucking and biting. Alex's moans of appreciation spurred me on and I soon changed boob; sucking the other one and fondling the now wet one.

With my spare hand I was stroking her flat stomach and then tried to undo the button of her jeans. 

Undoing the jean button, I then slid the zip down. Unable to continue the attention on her boobs, I moved down and down, licking her stomach as I pulled her jeans off. They soon joined her tee-shirt on the floor as I positioned myself between her open legs, marvelling at the smell of her arousal. I so wanted to see her pussy again, remembering the sight of her hairless shaven cunt from before.

I pulled the gusset to one side as I slid a finger along her soaking wet lips, up to her clit and down and then into her, feeling her stiffen as I entered her. I leant forward and replaced my finger with my tongue. Up along her lips, over her clit, which created a moan of appreciation, back down and then sticking my tongue out as far as I could I put it into the hot and wet pussy.

I fucked her with my tongue as I gently rubbed her hard clit with my finger.

She was getting wetter and wetter, urging me on as she bucked her hips. I withdrew my tongue and started to lick her clit as first one then two fingers entered her, fucking her with them.

"Oh god yes!" she cried as I continued my mission to make her cum.

I was finger fucking her faster and faster as I kept licking her hard clit. My face was soaked with her juices as I took her to her peak, feeling her clasp my fingers deep inside her. 

"Will, I'm cumming, oh my God!"

I felt her stiffen and I stopped moving my fingers and, knowing how sensitive a woman's clit is at this time, I left that well alone. But sat back with my fingers still deep in her as her orgasm subsided and her contractions continued around my digits.

"That was amazing Will, I don't think I have ever cum like that before," she said having regained her breath.

I withdrew my fingers and licked them clean while she looked at me lustfully. 

"You are a bad, bad boy Will!"

I smiled: "I try my best," I said as I stood up. "Wine?"

"Mm, yes please."

I poured two glasses and returned. Alex hadn't moved and was still naked on the sofa, her pants crudely to one side exposing her wet pussy. Her nipples were rock hard and she smiled at me as I handed her her glass.

"Thanks Will, I think I have just come back to earth," she said as she adjusted her pants.

"Oh, dear, that's a shame, I was enjoying the view," I said.

With that she put her glass down, stood up and stepped out of her pants. Standing with her hands on her hips, totally naked she smiled. "Better?"

"Much," I said as hugged her, and started to kiss her. As the kiss continued I reached down and filled my hands with her fantastic bum, rubbing it and exploring the crack, hearing her moan as my fingers explored, feeling her wetness and slowly rubbing from her soaking wet pussy to her bum hole.

She withdrew from the kiss. "You are a bit overdressed Will, let's address that."

Alex swiftly lifted my teeshirt off and went straight to my belt, loosening the belt and quickly undoing my jeans and dropping them to the floor.

Smiling at the tent inside my boxers she deftly dropped them to the floor too. Slowly she reached out and touched my rock hard prick.

"Oh I remember this," she sighed as she gently ran her soft fingers along my hardness.

"Nice?" she asked.

"Oh yes," I sighed.

"Then sit down," she commanded with a smile.

I sat down on the sofa and she squatted between my legs as she started gently stroking my cock again. Leaning forward she then rubbed her boobs along it. 

"Oh that's feels nice, is it nice for you?" she asked.

"Very," was all I could say as my breath was taken away by the fact that she then lowered her head and I felt her lick the wet hard tip of my cock.

I looked down as she lowered her head and I felt her suck and lick me. God she knew what to do!

"Oh yes, that's so good," I said in a whisper.

Unable to answer, Alex continued sucking and licking me as her head went up and down on me. This was probably the best blow job I had ever had and so wanted it to last, but her rhythm and the feeling was going to be too much very soon.

The sounds of our breathing and her sucking me filled the room and I knew that I was moments away from cumming. Knowing nearly all the woman in my past wouldn't let me cum in their mouth, I warned Alex.

"That is so good Alex, but I am about to cum, watch out."

Alex didn't stop. If anything she sucked harder, licked faster and bobbed up and down faster.

"Alex, look out!" I shouted as I felt that tell-tale tingle deep inside me.

The next thing I knew I was pumping my hot and salty cum into her mouth as she struggled to swallow. I don't know how many times I spurted, but eventually I stopped and slowly softened with my cock still inside her mouth. She gave me one last suck and lick before standing up and looking at my now flaccid cock, still wet from my cum and her mouth.

"Wow Alex, that was amazing!" I spluttered. 

She got her wine glass and took a big slurp. "Mouthwash," she said smiling after she swallowed it.

Alex sat down beside me and we were soon locked in each other's arms, kissing and stroking each other, running our hands all over each other.

I was getting towards the age where once a night was my maximum, but I so wanted to not let the night finish before we took our physical relationship to its ultimate conclusion.

"You OK?" Alex asked.

"Yes, never felt better," I said. 

I was sitting on the sofa with Alex curled up alongside me, her head on my lap, close to my still soft cock, as I rubbed and stroked her back. I mused about how I really had a thing about backs and bums, and Alex's was superb. My hand went lower and I started stroking her bum, again exploring the crack. Finding no resistance I went lower and she opened her legs to accommodate my exploring hand and fingers. Her pussy was still wet and I ran my fingers along her lips, hearing her sigh contentedly as I did so. 

My finger now wet moved to her bum. Again so as to accommodate my clear intentions, Alex moved so that she was on her knees, her bum in the air. At the same time I felt a soft touch and then a lick on my cock. I also felt it start to harden to her touch as I let my fingers roam over her most intimate parts. I fingered her pussy, rubbed her clit, and ran my fingers along her pussy lips, over her bum, teasing her most secret hole. 

I felt myself harden further as Alex put more of my cock into her hot mouth and my roaming fingers gained more satisfying moans. Alex grabbed my exploring hand with her hand and held it tight against her as my finger, wet with her juices, tried to enter her bum. Leaving my cock she sighed; "Yes, finger me there!"

Her bum opened to me as my probing finger easily slipped in. I heard her lustfully moan; unable to talk as her mouth was full of my hardening cock.

I started to slide in and out of her, her enjoyment clear as she licked and sucked harder and her head bobbed up and down. Moving my hand a bit, I managed to get another finger into her pussy, so double penetrating her with my fingers.

Alex started bucking against me as she approached another orgasm. I sped up my fingering and then felt her freeze and cry out, leaving my cock momentarily alone as she came. I slowly removed my two fingers from her two holes.

"Will, that's a first for me; I have never cum from having anything up my bum before."

I smiled.

Alex moved and straddled me, clear that we were going to taking our adulterous relationship to its final conclusion.

As she grabbed my cock, I felt myself soften.

"Oh no", I thought to myself. Alex aware of what was happening started stroking me and rubbing the head of my cock against her wet pussy. It got a bit harder but no way near enough to enter her.

"I'm sorry, I am normally a once a night guy Alex," I said dejectedly. "I was hoping tonight would be different."

"Hey, these things happen," she said sitting on me and wrapping her legs around me. If I had been hard, I would have been deep inside her, but the more I thought about it the softer I got.

Alex hugged me and kissed me as I cupped her bum again feeling her hot wet open holes.

Her kissing intensified and I continued my stroking and probing. She rubbed herself against me as I felt myself harden again. As we kissed more and more passionately I started to finger her bum. Alex reached behind and started stroking me. Amazingly I could feel myself harden again and I soon had a half way sensible hard on.

Alex lifted herself up with my finger deep in inside her bum and swiftly positioned my cock at the entrance to her pussy and lowered herself on me, my cock going deep inside her.

"Oh my God yes," she sighed as I filled her. She started to rise and lower herself, still with me fingering her bum. 

"Oh, Will, I am going to cum again!" she cried as I desperately hoped I would remain hard long enough.

I need not have worried as she quickly lost control and stopped moving with me deep inside. She hugged me tightly and kissed me and moaned into my mouth as the orgasm consumed her every nerve ending.

It was too much for me and I felt myself soften and then slip out of her.

She slackened her tight hug and looked and me and smiled.

"Next time," she said, "we will consummate whatever we have properly. Ok?"

"So there will be a next time?"

"What do you think Will?"