 ...... Enjoying my hot shower, I stand quietly allowing the hot sprays to gently cover my body ..... my mind wanders to you Jesse and our last hot encounter. Closing my eyes I allow my hands to cup my breasts as I lean against the shower wall ..... my legs slip apart and my fingers begin to roll my nipples 

...... My mind to your lips devouring my nipples as your body is firm against me, your cock hard and wanting, your fingers exploring my wet place, delving them in ..... the steam in the bathroom like a beautiful soft cloud on a sunny day, I find my fingers slipping into my wet pussy, fucking myself .

..... Two fingers now deep inside me, feeling the soft velvet walls as my thumb gently circles my hard clit..... my eyes close tightly, my body stiffens "omggg yesssss Jesse fuck me baby" ... my pussy contracting around my fingers and I cum hard, my thoughts on you .....

The shower door opens and you're there, naked ... your eyes taking in my body, now breathing hard. Unbeknowns to me you had let yourself in with the key I had given you, and had been watching me as you fought hard not to touch your now throbbing cock, wanting me to experience that first lustful yearning your body was now experiencing. 

Unable to hold back, you gently, but swiftly push me to the shower wall, quickly spreading my legs. The water falling over our bodies like a waterfall bursting at the seams ... I take your cock, feeling it's hardness, gliding it into my wet pussy ... "yes baby, take me ..... cum with me"!! ... you take my breasts, sucking them intermitedly in your mouth, your teeth tracing over my nipples ..... pushing my body forward, you begin to enter me slowly, but deeply, your knees bent to equal my height ... I move my body sensually against you, rubbing my breasts over your chest, pushing toward you harder ....... unable to hold back, you slam your cock deep into me and I meet your rythym. ...... 

Your hands to my ass, gripping me hard slowly moving to my tight opening, as one finger begins to explore my pussy gently ...... my body again aroused, I feel myself begin to orgasm ....... "omgggggg yessssss Jesse " ... thrusting into me now with more urgency, your love juices spill into me , your finger stiff in my ass as you cum hard ...... I feel my own orgasm overtaking my body, my pussy gripping your cock like a silicone glove ...... I cum hard with you, my head buried in your chest moaning softly .....

We both step from the shower, embracing again. You take the towell from the rail and begin to tenderly pat my body dry ..... I stiffen, my arms around you ... slowly, I fall to my knees, my fingers softly running down the contour of your body .... "open your legs baby" .... my face under you, my tongue working back and forth slowly along your perineum .... my hands gripping your ass, my fingers slowly running up and down your crack ..... your body stiffens and your hands grip the walls "omggg baby, yessssss" .... I begin to lick you faster, my tongue dancing on your soft sensitive flesh, my finger slipping in your tight opening.

I hear your breathing quicken and your hips begin to sway ..... my own passion yet again building, my pussy again wet with wanting ..... my tongue finds your swollen balls and I open my mouth, allowing them to rest on my tongue .... sucking your balls deeper as my finger continues to taunt your tight ass ......

Gently, my mouth releases you and our eyes meet, my finger continuing to assault your tight opening .... no words needed to be said, I read your eyes, and your soul and I go down on you .... your hands gently guiding me as I take your cock between my lips, teasing you .... your hips thrusting forward as the pace quickens .....

Your body trembling, your hips moving furiously, you slam your hard cock deeper into my mouth, your hands holding my head firmly ..... I feel your body tremble in sheer pleasure, your love juices erupting into my mouth .... tasting you, drinking you, I moan loudly, wanting every last drop ....

Exhausted, we both fall to the floor in each other's arms .... holding each other ..... my head on your chest, listening to heart still beating fast .... your fingers lovingly running through my hair, you whisper .... "baby thankyou, but now it's your turn sweetheart" ...  Picking me up in your arms, you carry me to the bedroom. 

On the side table, the chilled wine sitting in ice ; two glasses placed together as if anticipating their fill; silk scarves draped softly over the bed; a bowl of fresh wholesome strawberries gathering around whipped cream ....