 I slowly stepped into the shower following an early morning jog and some light stretching. Saturdays are an easy exercising day, with Monday through Friday being more aggressive in my attempt to increase my level of conditioning rather than just maintain it. Sundays are a free day, left totally unscheduled ... well, at least in theory they are. I had a shower built on the rooftop of the building, an open air shower with the offset entrance and the top being left open, allowing for the feeling that I'm showering in the elements. I find it to be a wonderful sense of freedom being nude and outdoors. 

The shower had high stone walls and a stone floor, with an oversized shower head, designed and fabricated by a friend, that delivered water like a modest rainfall, wide enough for two to easily shower together. A long cedar bench allowed me to stretch out and listen to music and watch the clouds pass by, when time allowed. At night, when the fog rolled in, it would swirl through the entrance and out through the top. With the muted lighting it created somewhat of an ethereal world. The shower became as much a retreat to rebalance from the activities of the day as it was a place to cleanse my body. 

Claire would arrive in about ten minutes, so I had time to bring my heart rate down and relax for a moment - just feeling and listening to the water cascading over my body and hitting the stone floor. At this time, it was necessary for me to focus on my breathing and not on her showering with me within a few minutes. 

We enjoy a very uninhibited sensual relationship, and just the thought of us together would easily cause me to become aroused. She had requested that I be soft when she arrived. She likes to see it grow, to watch it become engorged and fully erect to the point that a bead of milky pre-cum would show itself and begin to slide down my shaft. I don't know if this desire is a fetish or not; it's just something that we both enjoy when we're intimate.

Focusing on ones breathing does block all of the random noise in our minds. An ancient Asian technique practiced for centuries but often overlooked in the west. It sounds easy enough, but in practice it becomes somewhat of a challenge. 

When my focus failed me and my mind drifted to her I would think about other things; such as baseball, grilling a brisket, rotating the tires on my vehicle, anything to aid my efforts to remain soft. 

The security system sounded; the tone assigned to her was gentle, somewhat faint, and pleasant. It would take another few minutes before I'd hear the rooftop door open, close and her footsteps sounding on the stone path leading to the shower entry. 

The stepping stones themselves are surrounded by thyme which acts like a ground cover. When the air moves just right the scent wafts from leaves crushed under foot. Of course when she appears our eyes don't meet as she's looking down to see if I've complied with her request, all in our playful manner. 

I watched as she slowly undressed, soft smooth fine skin, her breasts small but beautifully shaped, nipples just ever so slightly pointing up. By the time she slipped her finger tips into the waist of her panties, I stood nearly straight up and could feel my cock waver with each heartbeat. I watched the silver threads of her wetness break away as she lowered her panties. She slowly touched herself as if she were alone and masturbating to erotic thoughts. There was a reason for this pause before stepping in. She waited for my pre-cum to show itself. 

Finally smiling and looking into my eyes, she entered and while standing very close, reached down, gathered my pre-cum on her finger tip and brought it to her lips. We both enjoyed a long slow kiss. I liked feeling her soft full lips and her breath on my face. I liked tasting her. Every woman has her own special scent and taste. 

Our bodies pressed together, her nipples hard against my chest were in stark contrast to the softness of the flesh of her breast. I just barely could make out the texture of her areolas surrounding the hard nipples. My cock stood up between us, feeling noticeably hot. 

Long drawn out foreplay is typically part of our intimacy, nothing rushed, movements sometimes stronger, more powerful, but the moments together savored. 

I hadn't cum for three days. Another of her playful demands was that I be able to cum more than once and in volume. She loves to see it shoot out, the long white ribbons of fresh, pure white hot cum, or to feel it releasing inside of her, or to taste it, wherever our desires take us at the moment. 

We broke our kiss. She reached down, slid her finger up the length of my cock and brought her glistening finger to my lips. It's a taste that I like, faintly salty. I find it quite erotic when she feeds me my own juice. 

I gently turned and pressed her against the wet, smooth stone wall. The length of my cock now pushed into her ass' soft cheeks. It felt so good. I could stay there forever. But I was driven to satisfy her in other ways that morning. I slowly slid down her body until I knelt on the shower floor - such an erotic view from behind, the soft smooth skin and her tender pussy lips just peeking out. With my hands on her hips, I leaned forward and let my tongue find its way between her cheeks to rim her puckered, tight little anus. Instinctively, she pushed back wanting more. 

She loves me doing this to her. She tells me that I'm being deliciously naughty. 

Again, the textures of her body, the soft smooth cheeks, the puckering, I find it all to be intoxicating. 

I moved my hands from her hips to spread her cheeks, fully exposing her. I brought the very tip on my tongue to her anus and pressed harder. A soft moan ... she expected more, wanted more. But I didn't give it to her then. I just continued to lightly lick her asshole while reaching through her legs to caress her clit with my finger tip. I could feel that her clit was already fully swollen, easy to pull on, to pinch lightly. 

When she's ready, as she was then, her clit is the size and shape of an eraser on a wooden pencil - just big enough for me to get a hold of with my lips and suck on. But that was for later. Right then I was enjoying other delicacies. 

I pulled back to look at her pussy. As expected, she was very wet and starting to open up. It looked like a beautiful flower blossoming. I needed her to be fully ready for my cock this time. I slowly stood up, still behind her and positioned the head of my cock at her opening. She pushed back and took the head in. Usually, I'll work it in slowly, but I had a surprise for her. In one slow, continuous upward motion, I thrust the entire length of my cock into her. She gasped in surprise and rose onto her tiptoes in an attempt to limit my entry. 

I imagine that standing on tiptoes for fifteen seconds in such a situation may have seemed much longer. 

Finally, she eased on down until only my balls were showing. With sensual rhythmic movements I began fucking her. I withdrew until the head of my cock just started to show and then thrust back in. I used my full length to ensure that both of us were being fully stimulated. I lost track of time. But when I saw one of her hands leave the stone wall and slide down to caress her clit, I knew that she was getting close. I moved in and out of her faster, now thrusting in with more force, my cum-filled balls slapping against her. I felt her first spasm, the beginning of her orgasm, her hot, wet cunt tightening around my cock. That was enough to trigger that deep feeling in my balls. 

At its peak it's on the threshold between pleasure and pain. 

I could actually feel cum surging through the shaft of my cock and then its heat as it spilled into her cunt. I kept shooting with each thrust, and could now feel its warmth oozing out between us and coating my balls. It was as if her pussy was milking every drop of cum from my body. We finished at the same time. I kept buried in her. 

She likes that, my staying inside after cumming. 

We were both panting, hearts beating fast, enjoying that wonderful feeling of being fully spent after a shared orgasm. 

I'm not sure how much time had passed when I eased out of her. I was still hard. I squatted down, wanting to see the stream of fresh cum running down the inside of her thigh. I knew that I had released a lot into her. Even before looking, I could pick up the fresh scent of man cum in the air. I stood up, helped her to the cedar bench and laid her down. Then I sat on the stone floor next to her. 

We rarely speak at these times. We communicate, but only through our eyes, our touch, and our breathing. 

It would take some time for my cock to soften, and all the while my cum would be seeping out. She reached down and gathered some of my seed on her fingertip. I watched as she took it into her mouth. In time, we began to shower and wash each other. The touching was stimulating for us both, but we resisted the temptation. We wanted to enjoy the afterglow of our intimacy before starting again later in the day.