 A lady I work with and I have been flirting with each other for about a month now. Her name is Sarah, 5' 8" and has a set of breast anyone, man or woman, would drool over. We're about the same age and have similar interest.

We E-mail each other saying what we'd like to do if alone, but that opportunity never arose. It has progressed into a physical tease game -- occasionally a touch here and a grab there. It hasn't been anything beyond copping a feel of the legs, arms and ass -- that is until yesterday.

As I said, we have pretty much stuck to testing the boundaries; to explore the sexual limits and nothing more casual touching. We were continuing our playfulness yesterday.

I was asking her to remove her thong and place them in a bag and leave them for me at my desk. I had been trying to get her to do this for quite a while and to no avail.

To my surprise, today was the moment of truth. She did it. She stopped by my desk and casually place the red, white and blue bag she uses for her lunch on my desk next to me. I saw it being placed and before I could say anything, she was gone.

I was in total shock. Since she refused all other attempts, I was also extreme cautious not to be over excited. While pondering my options – look or don't look – an e-mail message popped up on my terminal, "Aren't they lovely?" she asked.

Now I was really questioning if she had actually removed them and placed them in the bag. Out of fear of disappointment, I hesitated, then decided "what the hell," and opened the bag. The first thing I did was to get my nose as close to the opening and breathed in a deep whiff of her feminine aroma. Knowing she had just removed them, and the potential for them to be damp from excitement, I knew the telltale smell.

I scanned the area around my desk and reached in to the bag to remove my reward. I got a raging hard on instantly when I withdrew the silky red thong and put them to my nose. I inhaled deeply and thought about me actually being on my knees and smelling her for real.

How I would have loved to remove them myself. After all, out of jest, she had asked me too just the other day. I was thinking about how I would be on my knees, lifting her skirt and draping it over my head. Then, slowly reaching up under her skirt, I place my nose right in the middle of her moisten pussy, and lower her thongs ever so slowly. Taking in her wonderful musky scent and knowing it was for me. 

Since I didn't have the opportunity, I relished in the fact she was so brazen to remove them at work, and is now sitting at her desk leaking on to her chair. At anytime, she could reach down, slip a finger or two between the folds and be able to taste her own sweetness.

Enjoying the feeling of the silky material, I bring the crotch to my nose again and take another long deep inhale, I put the crotch into my mouth and savor the taste – she's been thinking about this by the amount of wetness on the panties.

My screen blips again with a new message asking what I thought and I replied, "Tasty."

She said "No way. You didn't, did you?"

"Come on over and see for yourself," I typed.

A couple of minutes later, a shadow appeared in my cubicle. Now I sit at one end of the building, away from most people, but in a very high traffic location. This can provide some privacy at times, and none on others.

I saw by the reflection in my monitor that it was Sarah. I turned to greet her and saw she was extremely flush in the face. With having just given a man, other than her husband, her most personal clothing, and did it at work, she was trembling with sexual excitement. She came in and took my extra seat and sat down, knees slightly parted. This position offered the sight of her slick pussy, all swollen and begging for attention. Juices beginning to trickle down her thighs, she is hot.

Looking her right in the eye, I picked up the bag, removed the thong and suck the crotch back into my mouth. At the sight of this, Sarah shuttered and slammed her legs shut with a noticeable tremble.

"Are you Okay?" I asked.

"Never better, I just had an orgasm watching you do that and I didn't even touch myself," as she pointed to the trail of juices now flowing down her leg. I reached over, carefully scooped up some of the juices and sucked them off my finger. As I looked into her eyes, I savored every drop of the sweet nectar, and she shuttered to another orgasm.

After regaining her consciences, she pulled me close and said, "Meet me in the sickroom, I need you to bring me off the right way." 

We have a room, right next to my cubicle where people can go and lay down when they aren't feeling well. It's usually used for just headaches or the occasional PMS cramps. There is a small bed and a lock on the door. It is perfect for every opportunity that knocks – and this one was pounding.

Sarah left quickly and entered the room. I stood, looked around and was thanking God it was just after 5:00 p.m. on a Friday afternoon of a three day weekend – the place was vacant. With no one in sight, I grabbed a notebook to conceal my raging hard on and headed on in. I no sooner entered the room, and Sarah latched a lip lock on me that blew me away.

I reached behind me and flipped the latch to the door and hoped the sign was turned on the outside of the door. I then realized the lights were off and the night light was on. I then reach up to caress her heaving breast to find she wasted no time at stripping naked. I ask, "What if it was someone else that walked in?"

"I would have fucked them then come looking for you. Damn I want you so bad. I need you to fuck me like the slut I am."

Sarah then sank to her knees and reached for the massive tent protruding from my jeans. I wear comfortably worn Levi 501s and the buttons are fairly easy to handle. Sarah undid my belt and ripped at my jeans. She yanked them to my ankles and gazed at her handy work. My cock was sticking straight through the fly in my boxer shorts. Pre-cum was drooling down the shaft, eagerly anticipating her next move. She leaned closure and blew a hot breath on my cock, causing it to jerk uncontrollably.

Not wanting to ruin her work of art, she pulled my boxers away from my waist and carefully pulled my throbbing member through the fly opening so the pre-cum wasn't smeared. She blew on my cock again, causing another round of twitching.

Each time she did this, more liquid would seep from the eye, and trickle down toward my balls. She looked up at me with total lust in her eyes, lowered her jaw and sucked on my sack. She released it and took the other one and swirled her tongue around my balls causing my cum to ooze out and dribble onto her nose.

Giggling, she grab me by the balls and pulled me to the bed. She sat on the edge and engulfed my entire length into her mouth in one fell swoop. I blasted a load of cum down her throat with out warning. When I finally realized what had happened, I leaned down and said, "Now you're my slut. Drink it all and lick me clean." She did exactly that. So well in fact, that by the time I was cleaned up, I had another raging hard on.

I stood her up, kissed her fully, tasting myself for the first time, and whispered, "Now it's time for me to pound your pussy as if I was tenderizing a steak. I hope you're ready?"

"Give it too me now!" she cried.

With that, she turned around and bent over placing her elbows squarely on the bed, parted her legs and shook her ass in my direction. That could only mean one thing – fuck her, and make her remember it.

Stepping forward, I aimed my cock at her pleading pussy that begged to be filled, and buried my cast-iron shaft to the balls. I held it there and withdrew until just the head was in her and waited a second and drove home again. I repeated this for several minutes until she couldn't take much of this. I knew she was ready to explode, so when she began her backward motion to re-fill the void, I slammed forward and met her with brute force. My balls slapping up and between her legs coming in direct contact with her clit.

Working together, we began a rhythm that neither one of us could maintain for long. Just as I was about to fill her up, I withdrew, grabbed the base of my cock and squeezed to stop the orgasm. I wanted this to last longer. Realizing what was happening, Sarah reached between her legs and buried three fingers into her gushing pussy to keep the sensation alive. Covering her hands with her juices, she switched and began suckling on her fingers while fucking herself with her other hand.

Feeling my orgasm had subsided; I reached down, removed her hand and began thrusting myself in her once again. Sarah continued sucking on her fingers as she began climaxing just before me. She buried her head into the pillow and let out the most animal like howl I have ever heard. Hearing this sent me right over the top, and I deposited my seed deep within her. The amount of our cum was so great, it began leaking out and down her legs.

As I began to pull out, Sarah reached back, grabbed my balls again and said "Not yet lover. I need you in me until I cum again."

Since I knew I couldn't get hard for a while, I reach around and began playing with her clit again. With all of the juices flowing, I had plenty of lubrication and rubbed the slick liquid over her pussy and clit. This added the right amount of slickness to easily bring her to another orgasm before we collapsed on the bed.

Resting a few moments, Sarah then leaned over and licked all of our juices off me until I was clean again. The feel of her tongue across my hairless balls and hearing her moan with total bliss, I actually began to get hard again. She continued the tongue lashing and began deep throating me again. This time, she started humming a song. This brought a new sensation and proved to be a world class blow job. Within in minutes, my cock swelled to new proportions as I released yet another load down her wanting throat. She released my cock after it returned to its normal flaccid size.

Feeling I needed to reciprocate, I slid off the bed and between her legs. I had never tasted a woman after sex, and only a short while ago experienced my own fluids for the first time. With some hesitation, I drew my tongue across her opening and took in a healthy helping of our mixed juice. I was greeted by a pleasant mixture of sweet, salty blend and went back for more. Knowing I couldn't clean it all up, I reached over and used the sheet to help capture some of it, leaving our mark on the room. I continued lapping at her pussy, fingering her and nibbling on her clit. As she neared the peak, I slow my pace and let her back off from climaxing. I did this a numerous times before she was begging me to make her cum. I picked up the pace, buried my face between her lips, shoved three fingers into her and tongue fucked her until her dam broke soaking my face.

As I finished licking her and she regained her strength, she took my face in her hands and licked around my mouth before plunging her tongue in to my mouth.

Being well satisfied for the time being, I looked at my watch and realized it was nearing 7:00 p.m. We had been at it for almost an hour and a half. We quickly dressed.

I slowly unlocked the door, and peered out. Most of the office lights were off and we apparently were alone. We kissed again and parted our separate ways.