 I was trolling the internet looking for someone to chat with. I prefer women but enjoy talking to guys about their wives if I can't find any ladies to chat with. That's how I met Dan and Amy. They are a married couple that, as it turns out, didn't live too far from me. We chatted and flirted online for a few weeks, they would even send me pictures of Amy, some dressed, some in lingerie, some nude. They we're just a year older than my 38 years. She looked great. Dirty blond hair, sexy green eyes, great ass...she had a sweet body, maybe a little chunky but certainly not fat. NICE C cup tits!!

I spent most of my daytime chat and text time with Amy since Dan worked. We talked about all kinds of stuff but always ended up chatting about sex. What we like, what we don't like. At night Dan joined us. It was incredibly hot. We eventually decided we wanted to meet. We couldn't meet at their house since their kids would ruin the mood and I had the same problem at home. Plus I was sure my wife would frown upon it as well. We decided to meet for coffee and see what happened. We settled on a place that was about halfway between our homes that had a secluded parking lot nearby.

I arrived at the coffee shop a few minutes after them. Amy was so pretty I couldn't take my eyes off of her. I tried not to stare as to come across as creepy. Our eyes would meet and we would look away. It seemed she was doing the same thing. I couldn't tell you what we talked about. I had never done anything like this and was incredibly nervous. As we left the shop Amy kissed me on the cheek! This was the signal to Dan that she wanted to go further with me! The timing was perfect. It was just getting dark outside. We pulled into the secluded parking lot and I hopped into the backseat of their SUV. I was a little surprised to see Dan back there with Amy but I played along.

It was a bit awkward at first. I decided to make a move and went in for a kiss, which she eagerly returned. I took her hand and laid it in my lap. She took the hint and began stroking my cock through my shorts. I slid my hand under her top and found no bra. She had clearly removed it as I saw it earlier. I loved her tits. They were firmer than I thought they would be. I had to see them...I needed to suck them. I broke our kiss and pulled her shirt over her head then popped a nipple into my mouth. Her moans just turned me on more. When I came back up to kiss her again I looked over at Dan. I had forgotten he was there. He was sitting there with his shorts around his ankles and his cock in his hand, stroking it. "Get in the front!" I whispered firmly with a head nod toward the front seat. He paused with a kind of dumb look on his face then slid his shorts up and got out before hopping into the driver's seat.

I pushed at the waistband of Amy's shorts and she lifted her hips up. I slid them off and admired her body. I was impressed. Great tits, nice shaved pussy, good shape. I slid my hand up her thigh and slipped a finger into her soaking pussy. She liked it!! She grabbed my face and kissed me deeply. I heard Dan gasp from the front seat and I could hear him fapping as he watched us in the mirror. Amy tugged at my shirt then pulled it off. She ran her hands over my chest and moaned as I fingered her. Her hand was squeezing my cock through my shorts as she ground herself into my hand. Then she grabbed at my shorts to pull them down. I lifted my hips and pushed my shorts off as she took over fingering herself.

I positioned myself over her. Her head was in the corner of the seat by the window and I hovered slightly over her as we kissed. "Fuck me" she softly whispered into my ear. I grabbed her wrist and pushed it toward my cock. She grabbed it and guided me into her soaking snatch. She sighed as I slowly penetrated her. Her pussy was amazing. Not too tight, not too dry. Her nails in my back told me she enjoyed me as much as I enjoyed her. I think I groaned at the same time I heard her say, "Oh, fuck, baby!" I started humping her slowly. I wanted to enjoy this. I got into a nice, solid rhythm, not too hard or fast but firm enough to make a slapping sound as our crotches met. Her hot breath on my neck and her "uh, uh, uh" sounds as I fucked her was driving me insane!

I was pleased but a little surprised as her body tensed up and began to shiver. "Ooooooooo!! I'm cumming baby!!" she grunted in my ear. I held on and tried to maintain the steady pumping I had been giving her. As she came down I tried to keep up my fucking...I wanted to cum too!! She pushed me off. "I'm so sensitive after I cum! I'm sorry!" she said. I sat back into the seat and she nestled up to me and began kissing me again. She broke the kiss and slowly kissed down my body...my neck, my chest, my stomach. Her hand was cupping my balls as she worked her way down. She lifted my leg up so she was between my legs. Im not sure how she fit but she got in there. I noticed Dan had turned around and was watching from the front seat, jacking off no doubt. I didn't care as her mouth glided down my shaft. She kept her eyes on mine as she slid down my cock. Her mouth felt great. I reached down to hold her head but she pushed my hand away. She slowly licked and sucked me, driving me crazy.

My cock slipped out of her mouth and she began kissing her way back up my body. She began to kiss me deeply and passionately as she straddled me. She reached down and grabbed my cock so she could guide me into her still soaked pussy. She slowly slid down until she had all of me inside her. She looked me in the eyes and slowly started grinding. Her pace quickened and her eyes closed as she enjoyed the ride. As her speed increased she began rising and falling on my shaft. I was clear by her breathing that she was close to cumming again. Sure enough she began to quiver. 'No way', I thought. I needed to cum. I grabbed her ass with both hands and fucked her a hard as I could from the bottom. This sent her over the edge. The car was full of the sounds of our bodies slapping together and her squeals of orgasm. I felt my balls begin to tighten and squeezed her ass even tighter. "Fuck yeah!" I exclaimed as I began to squirt my seed inside her. She did try to push off and said something about being sensitive but I wasn't letting go until I was done.

As my body settled down I still held her to me tightly. I loved how her pussy felt on my cock. She started kissing my neck and my cheek. She began whispering in my ear, "I love your cock, baby. You feel so good inside me. I've never cum so hard". She lifted slowly and let my cock slide out of her. It made a slapping sound when it landed on my stomach. She slid into the seat next to me and bent over so she could suck my cock again. She licked and slurped our combined juices off of me. This time I was able to hold her head down and thrust my semi hard cock into her mouth without her resistance. When I let go she lifted up and gave me a naughty, sexy smile. I knew she liked it!

We cuddled in the backseat for a while. Dan was starting to look annoyed as he watched us giggle and whisper to each other through the rear view mirror. Amy gathered our clothes off the floor and we slid our clothes on though we still sat together in the back for a little while longer kissing. I helped Amy out of the backseat and into the front. She was still a little wobbly and I just liked giving her the extra attention. I kissed her goodbye and she said, "I'll be in touch" as she looked at me with those sexy eyes. I waved over to Dan. "See ya". He waved back and put the car in reverse. I got into my car and smiled as I watched them drive off.

I had no idea this was the beginning of a wild sexual adventure!