 Back in my University years, I had a friend who went to graduate school in the US. One weekend my boyfriend and I picked up her boyfriend for a road trip down there. Being the cheap kids that we were, we of course all shared the same room. Off and on we had separated from each other all weekend. My boyfriend and I found ourselves alone in the room for a while.

What is it about hotels that make one automatically frisky? Is it the novelty? The fact that so many others had had sex in that same room? In that same bed? Countless other naked strangers had found the same allure in that cheap room. Seduced by the talentless artwork and barely tolerable linens.

How many other college girlfriends teasingly rubbed their boyfriends' cocks through their jeans there? How many sips of cheap wine had induced adolescent girls to strip off their tops and pinch their own nipples temptingly as their boyfriends grew hard in appreciation of the show?

The ghosts of a thousand sexual encounters encouraged us as we lay on the bed half-dressed, his fingers in my panties rubbing my clit while I nibbled on his earlobe and reached to unfasten his belt.

But he stopped me. The thought that the other couple could walk in at any moment didn't energize him with the same level of dangerous eroticism that it did me. The heightened excitement in the possibility of getting caught that heated my blood and quickened my breath only made him nervous.

We readjusted out clothes, and as it happened, the other couple did walk in a few minutes later. We all watched a movie together then settled down to sleep.

But our previous activities didn't leave my boyfriend completely untouched. I was content to go to sleep, but he had other ideas. While the thought of being walked in on a few hours earlier turned him off, the thought of fucking me with another couple just a few feet away in the bed next to us seemed to create the opposite reaction.

It suddenly struck me as unfathomable that such a scenario had not occurred thousands of times before. Two couples sharing a hotel room. Two double beds. How could it be possible that not once before in that very room had both couples not simultaneously succumbed to temptation?

That never before had two young girls found themselves mirroring each other in the same sensual movements? How erotic would they find it - to glance over and see another woman straddling her boyfriend the same as her? To begin unconsciously grinding her hips in the same rhythm as the other. To arch their backs at the same moment. To have both men's cocks thrusting into their wet cunts at the same time, with the same movements.

Would the men find it equally arousing, or would they become competitive? Which one could make their partner moan louder? Orgasm faster? Who could last longer?

Would the girls begin looking at each other differently? Would the sexually charged current in the air cause them to become curious? Would they suddenly long to touch the other's breasts? Taste each other's tongues? Pull each other's hair and bit the other's nipples?

Of course none of this happened that night. As it became clear to me what my boyfriend had in mind, my only concern was stealth and quiet. I think my partner took perverse pleasure in how hard it was for me to remain silent.

I slung my leg over his, and felt him enter me - his thrusts were hard but short as we attempted to prevent the bed from betraying our movement. I glanced over and whispered that I thought that the other couple's breathing implied they were asleep. He grew more bold and dirty- thrusting harder and faster while I bit his shouldn't in an attempt to release what I couldn't vocalize.

For all I knew the other couple was doing the same thing in the pitch blackness a few feet away. Perhaps they weren't asleep at all, both of them with their underwear bunched around their ankles like mine and my partners. Perhaps he was under the covers plunging his fingers in and out of her wet pussy. Maybe he was biting her nipples and rubbing his hard cock against her cunt in equally limited movements like ours, while she clutched the blankets and buried her face against her pillow.

Perhaps her boyfriend was fucking her even as mine was thrusting into me. I know that my encounter was intense but brief. The situation allowed for limited creativity and eventually the need for discretion caused us to finish up quickly.

I wonder how it was for them?