 Although I hadn't really been thinking about buying another house so soon after my divorce, there was a place for sale that kept catching my eye every morning as I drove to work. It was a fixer-upper, but had loads of charm and I began wondering if it was just what I needed to keep my hands, and my mind, busy. I slowed down enough one morning to scribble down the agents info listed on the sign out front and gave him a call later that afternoon. 

Well, Joe sounded like your typical retired curmudgeon-turned-realtor, but after he rattled on about his hectic schedule and gave me his pitch on the house I set up a time to view it that evening. 

The house looked so welcoming as I rolled up on it after work that day. The sun was setting earlier now as fall set in and the crisp air filled my lungs as I exiting my car and strolled across the lawn. As I approached the front door I could see it was slightly ajar. I figured Joe was just inside but I decided I'd better knock first. The door quickly swung open after my light rap on it and I nearly fell off the porch as I was greeted by a beautiful young woman. Quite a departure from the crusty old man I was expecting to find.

She thrust her card into my hand and explained that she was Joe's associate, Cari. And with her bubbly personality and smart new suit she just reeked of the eager new Realtor. Joe had been tied up with some clients and had asked her to meet with me, she explained. She asked if this was OK as she invited me in and shook my hand. Of course I didn't mind I said, the feel of her assertive handshake and her soft sweaty palm pressed against mine making me forget all about Joe. 

Now in the light in the middle of the living room I noticed a sexy red tint in her dark hair. And how it was set off by the green in her conservative, yet sexy green suit. The well tailored outfit hugging her in just the right places. The skirt short enough to get my attention by showing off her stockinged thighs without looking cheap. 

We started to move through the house. I immediately felt at ease with her as she ushered me from room to room pointing out all the finer details.. her hand sometimes lingering over my back as we passed down a hall or through a door way. The house had been vacated by the current owners, but was still filled with some larger pieces of furniture. So it looked sparse and neat, yet still lived in.

Standing in the kitchen I watched as she pressed herself against the countertop. Reaching up to open one of the higher cabinets, her top raised enough to give me a glimpse of her trim exposed waist. My eyes became fixed on her full round ass... the skirt stretching beautifully around the curves. 

I was awakened from my daydream when I heard her direct a loud "ahem" my way. Realizing I had been caught staring like an old man leering at little girls in the park I slowly looked up. I was expecting to be admonished from the house but was instead greeted by a wink and a seductive grin. "I was pointing out the new hardware on these cabinets, but I see you might be more interested in something else" she said with a giggle.

My face was surely as red as a beet at this point and I was speechless. She broke the awkwardness by suggesting we take a look at the rest of the house. The seduction seemingly continued as she guided me into the master bedroom on the first floor. She opened the large, walk-in closet and leaned in. She beckoned me over and I stood close to her, peering in with her. I felt her arm slip around me as we admired the spaciousness of the closet. I took her cue and placed my hand on her back. 

She slipped in front of me and leaned her head back on my shoulder. Her ass wiggling ever so gently against my crotch. My hand circling her waist, drawing her closer. Her

head tilted to the right exposing her succulent neck to my lips. A quiet moan escaped her as I began kissing, nibbling on her. She pressed back tighter to me as my hands moved up and down over her chest, my hand floating over her more than ample breasts. 

Turning her head... her soft full lips finding mine. Such hungry urgent kisses. My fingers fumbling with the buttons on her top. My heart pounding so hard I knew she could feel it. I was waiting for her to tell me to stop as I worked one button free after another, but her passionate whispers only encouraged me further. Something about being in a strange house with such a seductive woman had really lit my fire. And at this point I could think of nothing other than how badly I wanted to take her right there in these other peoples bedroom. 

I felt her tongue force its way into my mouth as I undid the last button. Another sign for me to continue... I could tell the sensual energy was building between us to even greater levels. The desire.. the want... the need. I pulled the green jacket back off her shoulders. I dragged my lips from hers, leaving her gasping as I kissed down her neck and onto her bare shoulder. Letting the jacket fall to the floor... my hands moving up to caress those prominent breasts... just the thin fabric of her lacy bra separating her swollen nipples from my teasing fingers.

As I filled my palms with her firm, round breasts I could feel her reaching back between us.. her hand roaming lower. She quickly found the swelling beneath my jeans and gave it a good squeeze. My mind flashed back to the handshake she greeted me with at the door... and I couldn't help but be delighted that my sexy new Realtor was now gripping my cock. 

While her fingers began to fumble with my zipper I slipped the thin bra straps from her shoulders... leaving them bare for my lips to caress. Peeling the lace from her breasts.. exposing her awakened nipples to teasing fingertips. Her quiet moans breaking the silence of the nearly empty house. 

As she worked me free of my constraining pants she began to turn. Facing me.. her lips meeting mine in another explosive kiss. Our tongues pushing deep into each others mouths... seeming to beg for just a little bit more. My hands on her hips.. her lower back.. tugging at her skirt. She loosens her grasp on my now fully erect cock and slides her hands up to my chest. Our deep kiss is quickly interrupted as she gives me a hard, unexpected push... I fall back onto her clients bed with a bounce. 

She stands above me... giving her ass a sexy wiggle as she drops her tight green skirt to the floor. An evil grin on her face as she looks down at my cock standing tall and ready.

I return her smile as she slithers onto the bed with me. I swear my cock continued to grow as I became even more aware of my new friend's aggressiveness. I could feel her breasts gliding ever so lightly up my thighs as she positioned herself between my legs. Gripping my cock near the thick base, her eyes meeting mine. With a giggle she asks.. "so how do you like the bedroom"?.. her hand now gliding up and down my shaft.

Before I could breath out an answer she took me in her mouth... sinking all the way down over my cock... swallowing every inch in one motion. Her warm, wet mouth consuming me.. all I could manage was a long deep moan in response.. as she slowly pulled her lips from my throbbing member she asked again.."yes, you like it"? Looking up at me... her tongue wagging against the underside of my head as she waited for my answer. "Oh my god, yes" I moaned out.. "I love it"

Satisfied with my reply, she lowered her soft mouth over me again. Long slow strokes developing into quick hungry sucks. Her hand pumping me as her lips moved up and down my pulsing shaft. I came so close to unloading right there as I watched her fresh, young face bobbing over my lap... eagerly filling her mouth with my cock. She sensed my arousal and slowed her pace... prolonging the pleasure. 

I let my fingers tangle in her tousled hair as she lavished my balls with tantalizing passes of her tongue... looking down across the horizon of her raised ass... her tiny panties hugging the curve of each cheek.

I let my fingers glide through her silky hair and onto her shoulders as I sat up and leaned to the side. My hands slide down her sexy back while she continued to cover me with licks and kisses. Reaching almost as far as I could from that position I pushed the elastic string waist of her panties off one hip... then the other. My fingers trailing across her milky skin... admiring how smooth and soft it was. My heart began to pound once again as I realized I was removing the panties of a sexy young woman in a strangers bedroom. 

I pushed the fabric off her ass.. she lifted her mouth from me... her hands joining mine... urgently removing her well moistened undies. As we freed her of her panties she pushed me down to the bed once again... quickly moving over top of me.. positioning herself above my face. I welcomed her assertive behavior.. she left no questions as to what she wanted from me. I was being seduced by this much younger woman... I was loving it. Her talents far exceeded her years and I was quick to fall under her spell.

She thrust her hips even closer to my face and pushed her fingers through my hair.. urging me closer. My hands on her ass... my tongue reaching out. Her sweet scent drawing me in... wanting to taste. Those luscious, pink lips just an inch from my mouth. Swollen, glistening.. the tip of my tongue begins to trace around them. My grip on her ass cheeks tightening... those delicious juices flowing across my lips as I press closer. Her smooth pussy sliding over my mouth

As she bore down on me the weight of her body pressed her freshly shaved lips over my mouth. My tongue had nowhere to go but up into her hole which was sweet with her creamy nectar. I licked at it hungrily... dipping my tongue up inside as deep as I could. Her full labia nearly smothering me with their softness... her pubic bone grinding against my nose. 

With one hand on head and the other reaching back to tug on my cock, she was riding my face like a girl taking her faithful stead for a gallop. Her hips moving rhythmically, giving me taste after taste of her pretty, pink pussy. Pulling her fingers from my hair.. moving to her gyrating body. The heal of her hand resting on neatly trimmed patch of hair topping her mound... her slender fingers parting her lips for me as she rose up. Exposing her swollen clit to my anxious tongue. I heard her command 'Lick it' through clenched teeth, but my tongue was already there... dancing over her hard little pearl peeking out from under its hood. 

I could feel her stroking my cock with much more vigor as I placed my lips to her... drawing her throbbing little bud into my mouth. Her body moving erratically over me I could tell she was almost there... Craving her cum so badly now I kept up my oral attack on her clit... knowing that soon I would feel her release that warm gush of cream across my lips. With a stream of obscenities leaving her mouth between the moans of pleasure, she treated me to the sweetest river of girlcum I had ever tasted. 

After covering my face with another torrential orgasm... she pulled her dripping pussy away from my lips. Quickly moving down my body.. her hand not letting go of my now aching cock. Without so much as a hesitation she positioned herself over my throbbing cock and sunk down onto it... her cum-drenched hole enveloping my engorged shaft. Her body crashing into mine as she slide me in deep with one motion. 

She begin to move.. her hips moving so seductively at first.. steadying herself with her hands on my chest... feeding my cock into her pussy with long fluid movements. 

Gradually picking up speed and momentum until see was once again riding me hard like an equestrian racing for the finish line. Low in the saddle... bucking against me... filling herself with my hard cock again and again. The homeowners bed banging against the wall... filling the room with sounds it hadn't heard for quite some time. Her hands leaving my chest and moving to hers... cupping her breasts as she sat up right... not missing a beat with her thrusting hips. As I watched her squeeze her stiff pink nipples I could hold back any longer. 

I was on the brink and there was no turning back. My body tensed and I moaned out..."I'm gonna...." before I could say 'cum' my cock was erupting, sending bursts of hot thick jizz up inside her. She slowed over me... her muscles squeezing my cock... feeling it pulse deep within. Looking up at her beauty as my hips rose, pumping the last of my load against the soft warm walls of her pussy. 

Collapsing on me, exhausted, as our juices mixed to form a completely lovely, sticky mess. She looked down into my eyes and whispered as she tried to catch her breath.. "So, how do you like the house now"? "It's perfect" I said with a laugh. "Does the bed come with the house?" I jokingly inquired

After we regained our composure we set about the task of locating our clothing. The days last light had slipped away during our romp and the house had grown dark. About the time we were nearly dressed we were startled by the sound of the front door opening. I smoothed out the slightly damp bed as she straightened her skirt and we headed down to investigate.

"Hello Joe!" Cari exclaimed as she made one last quick adjustment to her blazer. 

I was surprised... Joe wasn't the crusty old fellow I had imagined but rather a handsome, 40ish man. He shook my hand and introduced himself. 

"So did my associate Cari show you everything you wanted to see her?" he asked. 

"Ummmm, yes" I stammered "This house has more features than I realized!"

"I'm glad you found it interesting" he replied.

"I'm going to be tied up the next few days, but if you enjoyed working with Cari I'm sure she'd be happy to show you some more properties" 

Cari responded with a quick " Yes, I certainly would"

"Well, I cant say no to that" I responded "I'd love to see more of what's available"

We exchanged handshakes once again and went our separate ways... househunting is going to be more enjoyable than I ever imagined I thought to myself as I headed back down the street.