 Sarah was looking forward to the first day of her vacation. Winning a singles cruise was kind of a boobie prize, she thought, but still a week of drinking in the Caribbean was not going to go to waste. Work was stressing her out and watching her friends serial monogamy was too depressing for words. She got to her cabin, frowning at how small the rooms were she put away her clothes in the closet. Then she went to set up her bathroom. She opened the door, looked in, look at her bed, looked at the bathtub, looked at the bed, looked at the bathtub. Yes, the bathtub was bigger. Weird.

Sarah changed into her pre-planned outfit, a midriff top and low rise jeans. She looked at herself in the mirror. She still couldn't believe she let her friends talk her into bringing tops that showed off her midriff, let alone promising that she would wear one the first night. The mirror showed her what she always saw, that gawky freshman with a belly and a flat chest. She knew in her head that with a 34C she wasn't flat, but her belly seemed to never go away. Still judging by the women on the ramp this was definitely a target rich environment for her. Most of the women were older and single for a reason, and some of the men seemed to be quite attractive. There must be one eligible divorcee out for some fun, or SOMETHING like that.

David climbed up the ramp, wondering just what the hell he was doing. A man in his mid twenties, fresh out of the army going on a singles cruise. He walked up with a measured stride, his head on a pivot half of his earthly possessions on his shoulders. Less than 4 months out of Iraq he was just starting to get his things back together and he'd decided to take a week and take a REAL vacation, single women, alcohol, gambling, and nothing to do but take it all in. 

He headed down to his cabin, taking in the standard twin bed, the furniture, all designed to make it easy to tie someone up he judged, and throwing his duffle down in the closet he headed to the bathroom to relieve himself, while he did he looked at the bathtub, then the bed, then the bathtub, then the bed again. Yes, the bathtub was bigger. Weird. He looked himself over in the mirror, slicked down the rogue lock of hair in front and headed out to check out the ship.

The ship was a floating brick, designed around a dozen seedy bars, four nightclubs, evenly split between rock and hip hop, two upscale clubs and one swank dance hall for the older folks. David walked into the first bar he saw, an Irish pub, complete with green beer. He decided this was a good place to start and grabbed a yard. He started checking out the crowd, 30-something businessmen desperately trying to look 20, and women of every description, well, every description you got in a desperate singles joint. At least he had enough money to get drunk. He polished off his yard and ordered a pint. As he walked by he ran into a young women and spilled beer all over his white T-shirt. 

"damnit" he exclaimed flatly. 

"Sorry" she said jumping back from the green arch. 

"No problem" he said "it's a white T-shirt, I just gotta change" he said, looking down at it. He pulled it out to keep the beer off him, killed the dregs in the glass and headed out.

Sarah watched the young man storm out. He moved fast with a kind of grace, like a hunting dog cornering its prey, every move focused on his objective. She looked around the bar. Then she slumped into the same booth the man had been in. The seat was still warm. She looked at her appletini "Well Sarah, looks like the cutest guy on the ship is wearing his drink, and its all thanks to you," 

She threw down her drink and threw up her hand to call for the next one. She looked around the bar, you, not a man under 30. Sarah had no problem with the older crowd, far from it, but for some reason she felt like some eye candy. Unfortunately eye-candy is not what you see on a singles cruise apparently. The ticket jacket was covered with sexy young people, who apparently wanted nothing to do with the cruise line after the photo shoot. She nursed her second drink while wondering what she was going to do.

David reached his cabin before making a quick turnaround first he sprayed some cologne on, stuff he hadn't worn in years, then he grabbed a button down shirt. He hadn't planned on wearing it the first night but dancing on the floor smelling fancy and wearing a white t-shirt might not work. Rolling out the door he decided to hit a dance hall, he wasn't nearly drunk enough, but maybe there would be some younger women out there, if he was gonna get drinks spilled on him he might as well have something to show for it.

He checked out the first one, a loud hip hop club, a fast look told him it wasn't his scene so he moved on. The next club he heard some loud 80s hair band screaming. Moving right along he heard a club playing some grunge rock. Being a fan of early-mid 90s alternative he decided to check it out. This was the hideout for the 20-somethings. People his age were jumping around hair and body parts flying, some of them even in time with the music. He party-walked his way to the bar dodging flying elbows, hair, legs and other body parts with an agility belying his size. He ordered a shot and a beer. Knocking back the shot he found a corner of the dancing mass and started to move. 

Now David was a true member of the muddy boots army. No matter what he was dancing in his boots were stuck to the floor by the mud. The beer disappeared quick and the waitress bringing around shots kept him nicely buzzed as he cut through the mass dancing with women varying from very attractive to "not without a few more drinks" He ended up dancing with a very hot little thing for a while, even grinding to some of the more inappropriate songs. Between songs he was parched he leaned in to say in her ear "Hey let me buy you a drink," unfortunately the song started right after 'you'

"HEY LET ME BUY YOU" the cute guy said in her ear. Sarah had had more than a few drinks but that wasn't the arrangement she wanted. The guy looked down at her and motioned to the test-tube shaped shot glass. Then she realized who it was. She staggered back a step and turned away as she blushed crazily.

David realized that he had just asked this extremely hot woman if he wanted to buy her, so thinking quickly he pointed at his last drink, whatever the shot-girl was peddling. She blushed and turned away and David realized he had made a big mistake. She turned and practically stormed out of the dance club, leaving David to wonder what to do. With the blood content of his alcohol stream there was really only one choice, David took off after her.

Sarah turned the corner and slunk against the wall, the alcohol and embarrassment washed over her. She dropped her head in resignation, the cutest guy she had found so far got a beer spilled all over him because of her. Then she heard him "Hey" he said "I wanted to buy a drink for you, not buy you, really"

David looked down and saw who it was as he spoke. The shock took a minute but when it hit it was as real as life. She looked up at him "I'm sorry I didn't mean to spill your drink on you! I'm so sorry I'll pay for the shirt!" 

David looked at her for a second "it's a white T-shirt, they come in six packs, really, I'm not worried about it, I'm David" he said extending a hand still holding a test tube. Sarah looked up at him, not sure whether it was the relief of him really not caring about the shirt, the way his grey eyes just seemed to stare into her soul or the tequila shots that followed the appletinis she had been drinking all night, but she lunged at him and threw her arms around him, pulling him down and kissing his lips deeply. 

David wasn't sure what to do next. This sudden assault on his face wasn't a bad thing. However he wasn't sure what exactly was going on either. He kept his eyes open long enough to set the tube down on the railing then grabbed her close to him, lifting her off the ground and returning her passionate kiss with gusto.

Sarah's head was reeling. David knew just how to kiss her, deep and passionate, lots of tongue and nothing held back. She whimpered a little, which scared Dave just enough for him to pull back, she looked at him lip trembling. 

"Where is your room?" she asked. 

"Down a level, about 20 cabins down, why?" 

"Mines closer, lets go" she said grabbing his belt and hauling him away.

Sarah had no idea what she was doing. She just knew that she had to have this man. He was cute, actually he was REAL cute, he was nice, at least she thought so. But it just wasn't her thing to take a guy like this. Well maybe that's why she took this cruise, to do things she never thought she would, she rationalized.

Sarah's room was down two flights of stairs right off the landing. She grabbed David and dragged him in, between the alcohol and the shock of this woman's sudden change of heart he was more or less on autopilot. She quickly brought him out of his stupor by pinning him against her cabin door her hands grabbed his ass through the back of his jeans, her lips closed around his again as her passion overcame her. She kissed his lips deeply, the moaned as his hands found her back, and dropped down to her ass. 

David quickly switched, cupping bother hands under her cheeks he easily hoisted her up, she instinctually wrapped her legs around him. The bed was tiny, but they weren't planning on spreading out on it. He kissed her mouth, her forehead, nibbled her ears, and found that one spot on her neck. She gasped and clenched him, her hands clawing for a moment, before diving in to pull up his shirt. He returned the favor, admiring the ripe curves exposed beneath her clothes.

Within moments a shredded looking pile of clothes grew rapidly to include all they were wearing. David started an all out assault on Sarah's senses. His mouth retraced the path of its former journey. Her mouth, her lips, her neck, her earlobes, all were enveloped, nibbled, sucked, and licked. She moaned beneath him, her hands roaming his body, but unable to home in on any one point as her brain was overwhelmed with pleasure. His mouth went straight to her neck, to the spot that felt so good moments before. She moaned in all out pleasure, finally noticing the work his hands were doing, spreading her other lips and gently rubbing the bud of her clit. 

She gasped and moaned but nothing would allow her to recover her breath. He was doing too much, and she couldn't handle it, but she didn't want it to stop. He moved lower after her orgasm subsided. His mouth teased around her nipples, causing her to moan softly. He moved lower, she thrust up her hips against his hands, trying to force him to her faster. 

He slowly kissed his way down the bottom of her rib cage, across her flat belly, pausing to tease the belly button as she tried to squirm and thrust him lower. Finally he crossed her hips, she gasped as he slid lower, where the hair would be if there were any. He kissed lower, sliding around he went further down, all the way around and on past on the inside of her thigh, she shuddered in anticipation, moaning "please" in a breathless whisper.

Abruptly he relented. He slid two fingers deep within he causing her whole body to arch in response and his tongue gently probed her clit. She almost screamed in release. Her body flooded her poor overwhelmed brain with pleasure and she lost all control, her hands dug into the back of his head, where the hair was still to short to grab on, and pulled him in to her, her hips bucked wildly humping his fingers as she moaned louder and louder. His tongue flapped rapidly across her clit like a flag in a windstorm and she lost it, her whole body spasmed, her fingers clutched, her back arched, she threw back her head and screamed having lost all control. He slowed his pace, lapping, licking, then slipped out his fingers and moved up next to her in the bed. 

She whimpered and moaned as aftershocks of pleasure raced around in her system. She twitched a few times before opening her eyes and seeing him grinning down on her. She reached up and grabbed his head again, pulling him in for a long deep kiss, tasting herself on his breath and his lips as she thanked him passionately. Then, with an evil twinkle in her eye she put her hands against him and twisted him down flat on his back. She kissed him again, then repeated his performance on her. There were no prisoners, lips, ears, neck, nipples, all were victims of her counter offensive on his body, nipples licks and playful bites were her weapons and her rewards were the gasps and moans elicited from him. 

Her hands found his hard dick, fully as large as the bulge she remembered grinding on the dance floor. She playfully ran her hand up and down it gently fluttering her fingers along it as her mouth sped down for its rendezvous. She could feel him tremble in anticipation as she ran her lips gently up and down the sides, teasing him before flickering her tongue out on the most sensitive spots. He groaned the first time her tongue hit him and his head snapped back into the bed. He couldn't remember the last time a girl like this had taken the time to be with him. Mostly hood rats and the kind of women you find at every army base. While they taught him all the tricks they weren't always much fun. This girl was different.

Sarah took him entirely in her mouth, going as far down as she could then bobbing her head rapidly while pressing in with her tongue. She kept this up while working her hand up and down the length of his shaft for a few minutes before she felt his hands under her arms, lifting her up and twisting again, putting her down beneath him. He shifted over her and she felt a moment of apprehension, it had been a while and he wasn't exactly small, but one look in his eye and she could tell he would not be denied, and she knew she wanted it as bad. 

A fiery hot firmness slid into her and she screamed again, her hands clenched on his broad back, her nails digging in only spurring him to further action. He slammed deep into her then slowly pulled out, taking a full 10 count. She drew her breath in anticipation and screamed as her orgasm hit again when he went in. He pumped short shallow strokes during her orgasm, like an engineer stoking a fire and she loved it, her nails dug furrows in his back.

As the tides of pleasure pulled back and she recovered she used a move a friend had taught her she planted a leg and shifted her weight while pressing against one shoulder, unfortunately David also knew the move from his time in the army and the both of them tumbled to the floor on top of their pile of clothes. Sarah quickly slipped up on top and slid David's hard dick deep within herself. She started rocking, sitting fully upright to elicit the most pleasure for herself, feeling the entire texture of him within her, every vein and hard flat surface she slowly raised and lowered herself, building the fires of her next orgasm like an expert woodsman builds a signal fire. She moaned throatily as the flames raised higher. Her orgasm hit and she lost control again. She started humping wildly, like a wild rutting animal she bounced up and down.

David was losing control himself, Sarah's pussy was gripping him tighter and tighter as she screamed and moaned like a wild animal. He grabbed her hips and tried to slow her down but she was beyond reason, she sped up and he lost the will to resist. He thrust his hips up with one long deep moan and she shrieked again as she felt him spasm and spray deep within her.

A few minutes later she cuddled against his chest.

"wow" she breathed

"I know" he gasped back

"I feel so... not dirty, but not clean you know"

"I know... have you seen the bathtubs in here?"

"What are you thinking"

The end for now