 The plane lifted off from the runway in San Diego, Carol Sinclair taking a long, slow deep breath in through her nose, slowly exhaling through her mouth. She hated flying, but was still feeling good; the embers of the afterglow from her stay in San Diego, and her time with Victor, were still very much on her mind. 

She smiled when she thought about what they had shared, his kiss when he dropped her off at the airport still lingering on her lips. On the way, she's talked to him about what went down, how they were sworn to secrecy, that she was glad she could help him that way, he had seemed so down about his break-up with Maria. Carol had assured him there was more than one fish in the sea. 

Carol began to think what she'd say, exactly, when Aethr asked her how things had gone in San Diego? Yes, they had exchanged texts, and talked briefly, but Arthur was an expert when it came to spotting her tells and small slip-ups in a story, that Carol thought maybe she should just tell him about it. Samantha and Carol had talked about this weekend, and Samantha, Arthur's sister, told her she had Carol's back. Arthur, Samantha told her early on in their relationship, before they got married, was a pretty open minded guy, sexually speaking. Samantha added with a devilish grin, "it runs in the Sinclair family." 

* * * 

Arthur made his way from his law office downtown to the airport to pick up Carol. It had been a long day, and he was looking forward to seeing her again. On the way home, they would grab a bite to eat and she could fill him in on the trip. He was still wondering what he would say, exactly, about his evening out with Inez and Rob. He had played the events in his mind over and over, but now there was this, whether to keep this from Carol. 

The airport was not too terribly crowded this time of night, and he found some parking right near the front, and waited for her in the baggage claim. When he saw her, she smiled at him, and they hugged. He gave her a kiss. 

"How was your flight" he asked. 

"Uneventful, my favorite kind. Victor says what's up, to use his parlance. How did everything go here?" she said. 

"Oh, it went fine. I thought we could stop for churrasco, sound good?" 

"Yeah, I'm down for the beef! San Diego, it was a lot of fish. Great fish tacos. I could go for some meat." 

Arthur drove into the parking lot of a nondescript strip mall in Kendall, parking and walking into the churrascaria with Carol. They were seated, ordered drinks, a mojito for her, an IPA for him. They toasted, then ordered. 

Arthur was enjoying his beer, so he ordered another. "Did you enjoy your visit with Victor?" 

"Yeah, it was nice to see him. I heard from Sam, and she and Martin were still in New York when I left, so, yeah, we had a, um, good visit, quality time." She took a healthy sip of her mojito. 

"Oh? Was everything okay with Martin and Sam?" Arthur was surprised, Carol hadn't mentioned she had missed the St. Georges. Carol and Victor had been together, alone. 

"Oh yeah, I just got a text from her, they were staying a few extra days, you know, Martin's working on that IPO. I was sorry I missed them. But the meetings went great, and I'm just so glad to be home. Cheers!" She raised her drink, and they clinked, and then they looked over the large cart that was being wheeled over, with grilled meats being carved and served up right at the table. 

They feasted, Carol asking how his visit with his old roommate Rob had been, Arthur replying that it was fine, but that Rob's divorce had been a strain. He said he was glad Rob was able to get away for a little while and see his old friends. 

"Friends?" Carol asked. 

"Oh, yeah, we met for drinks. Rob's old girlfriend from law school, Inez Jacobs, joined us. It was fun seeing the old gang." Arthur smiled. 

"Inez Jacobs, well, what do you know about that. So, Inez and Rob, maybe reigniting the old flame?" Carol laughed. 

Arthur said, "Who knows, maybe. We went to the Honey House afterwards." 

"Oh my lord, are you serious? That is hilarious," Carol said. "That place looks like a giant turd." 

Arthur laughed. "It's art deco." 

"It's an art deco turd. Anyway, how was that? Inez went too?" Carol was laughing heartily now. 

"Yes, we had a blast. If you go there, ask for Svetlana, she's the best." Arthur chuckled, remembering the night of revelry. 

"Okay, whatever, I'm not sure I want to know what happened. Or then again, maybe I do," she said, more than a hint of suggestion in her tone. 

"It was just good fun, and I'm glad Rob got out for a night and enjoyed himself." 

"Well that's good. When someone is down in the dumps, you try to pick them up." 

"That is a noble thing, yes." 

Carol thought, That's what I was doing with Victor, picking him up when he was down. She looked at Arthur and smiled. "Let's go home. You and I have some catching up to do." 

Arthur paid the bill; they left, got in the car, and drove back to their house in Kendall. 

* * * 

On the way back home, Arthur was thinking about Carol and Victor's time alone together. She said they had played some tennis, gone out to dinner, and hung out at the pool, but Arthur was wondering. He knew Victor thought she was hot, because she was. Blonde hair, big blue eyes, a body Carol kept lean and toned, with an ample bosom and delectable ass. 

Arthur remembered when the St. Georges had come to visit, about three years ago. They had been hanging out poolside, and Carol had obviously drawn Victor's attention. He could not contain the bulge in his swimsuit when he was looking at her. Arthur could hardly blame him. Carol looked ravishing in her bikini, and was even teasing Victor a little, bending over or tilting just so when she talked to him. Arthur just kept it cool, pretended to have his thoughts elsewhere. 

The truth was, he was almost expecting something like this to happen, someday, with Carol. She had an explorative streak, but was also very tender and caring, and she had a healthy libido. So Arthur, deep down inside, just accepted whatever may have happened. He had learned one summer that people's sexual appetites did not always go the way you thought they would. He thought back to that summer at the beach when he discovered a secret. About his parents. 

* * * 

It was the summer before he was going to college, and the Sinclairs were summering in the Hamptons, which they loved doing with their good friends, the Mitchells. Barb and Scott Mitchell had been friends with Arthur's parents for as long as he could remember. They would get houses side by side, the Mitchell's children, Paige, Jeff, and Anne playing with Arthur and Samantha. 

The last weekend of summer before he was to go to college, Arthur had gone to a party and gotten hold of some 151 rum. The partying had been so hard that night, that when Arthur stumbled home, he wandered into the house the Mitchells were staying in. He wandered around, went upstairs, drunkenly looking for his room. He settled into a room at the very end of the hall, with two double beds. Arthur stumbled around, examining the room, opening the door to the closet. Arthur decided that would be his room, so he got in, pulled the doors almost shut, and passed out, the 151 getting the better of him. 

The Mitchells and the Sinclairs came back from another party for the adult, and helped themselves to another round of drinks. Barb was sitting on Scott's lap in a chair in the kitchen, while Elizabeth and William made the drinks. William handed them each a shot of tequila, and the four downed the shots. Then, they all rose and quietly went upstairs, proceeding directly to the bedroom where Arthur had passed out. William shut the door as soon as all four were in the room, and they immediately shed their clothes, Barb and Scott kissing, William and Elizabeth doing the same. Arthur awoke, dizzy and confused, hearing voices. What the... He recognized the voices; it was his parents and the Mitchells. He sat as still as he could, peering out, his view not great. He could hear them; they sounded like they were kissing. 

Arthur scrunched down a little, and then slowly opened the closet door, trying to get a better view. He saw his parents, hugging and kissing, and the Mitchells, doing the same. All four were naked. He enjoyed watching it, feeling like a spy. Then Mrs. Mitchell started kissing dad, and Mr. Mitchell started kissing mom, touching each other, and Arthur didn't know what to think. 

Barb and William sat on the bed nearest Arthur, with Elizabeth and Scott on the far bed. Arthur could see his dad, William, kissing and touching Mrs. Mitchell all over. He kissed her neck, her ears, touching her tits, moving his hand over her body, while she sighed and moaned, running her hands all over his body. In the other bed, Arthur watched his mother grab Mr. Mitchell's cock and rub him. 

Soon, his dad was on top of Barb, with her legs spread and thrusting his hard cock into her. She moaned softly in delight, wrapping her legs around his waist, meeting his thrusts. Elizabeth had taken Scott's cock into her mouth, and was bobbing slowly up and down, her hands on Scott's ass. 

Scott then told Elizabeth to get on all fours, and she did, facing her husband while Scott got behind her and started fucking her doggie style, while he watched his wife, Barb, getting fucked. 

William looked over, the sight of his wife driving his passion higher, and he began fucking Barb harder and deeper. She reached down and rubbed her clit, while Scott had grabbed Elizabeth's hips and was pumping faster and faster into her pussy. 

All four soon climaxed, hurriedly cleaned up, dressed, and left the house. Arthur waited ten minutes, and crept back next door, getting a glass of water and slipping into his room. He could not believe what he just saw, but couldn't do anything about it now. 

Before he left for school, he told his sister, Samantha, what had happened. She just looked at him and said they were swingers, and that was it for Sam. She said it was just something they did, it did not mean they loved them any less, and it was something that was no one else's business. Sam was between bemused and curious about it, seeming to revel in the details, rather than be freaked out, as Arthur had started to feel. 

He thought about what Sam said, and never said anything about that night to anyone but Samantha, ever again. 

* * * 

They got home, Arthur taking Carol's bags to the house. Once inside, they embraced, and he gave her a kiss. "I'm really glad you're home, honey." 

"Me too," she said, kissing him back, her hand finding his buttock. She squeezed. 

He reciprocated, escalated with two hands on Carol's firm ass. He pulled her closer, their kiss deepened. They grabbed the bags and headed upstairs to the bedroom. Walking up the stairs, Arthur kept his eyes on Carol's ass, which she swayed seductively from side to side. 

They slowly undressed, looking at each other the whole time. The time away had fueled their sexual fires, not simply because of the other's absence, but they had each explored outside of their marriage, and it had stoked the hunger of each. Soaking in the sight of the others body, they moved towards each other, naked. They began touching each other, caresses, then embracing, hands running up and down, Arthur placing his hands on Carol's breasts, rubbing them slowly, massaging them. 

"I missed you." He bent, kissed her nipple. "I'm glad you had Victor for company." Arthur ran his hands all over Carol's ass, kissing her ear. "I'm sure he was good company." 

Carol was by then rubbing the flat of her hand against Arthur's big cock, her other hand running up and down his back. "Yes, he was." She sighed a little, Arthur's finger rubbing her pussy. 

"Good. It's only important to me Carol, that you are happy. I want you to know that." He stopped, and was looking her in the eye. "You know, I always try to keep an open mind about things, as I hope you do to." His hands were on her shoulders. He then went on to tell her about what he had seen that night with his parents and the Mitchells, and how people were just satisfying a need, and that different people had different needs, that was all. Carol was looking at him, curiously. 

Arthur went on, "I have to tell you honey, that the other night, after we went to the strip club, we went back to Rob's hotel. Things got a little out of hand, and, well, Rob and Inez and I, we had sex. I didn't want to keep this from you, it just happened, please try to understand." He was holding her hands now. 

"Wha...the three of you...Oh my gosh...wha...what exactly did you do?" She looked at him with a mixture of desire, curiosity, and incredulity. "Arthur, I never knew you wanted that," she said, moving closer, kissing him and rubbing his cock. 

He then recounted what happened between the three of them, and when he told her he had sex with Rob as well, she smiled at him and told him she had always wanted to see him with a guy. 

Carol said, "I might as well tell you that when I was in San Diego, I was with Victor. I just hope you can try to understand, that Samantha was worried after Maria broke up, and you know, I just thought if I threw one on him, get his mind off her, you know?" 

Arthur laughed, "I'm sure it did!" He kissed her, and said, "Tell me all about it." She recounted the details, while Arthur rubbed her pussy. 

They kissed furiously, got on the bed, then swung around and got into a 69 position. Arthur shot his tongue into Carol's twat, while she engulfed his hot eight inch cock. He thrust his tongue in and out, deeper and deeper, imagining the fucking Carol had been getting from Victor, licking her deeper still. Carol was sucking Arthur hard, her mouth a tight O on his hard cock, while he thrust into her mouth. They continued to pleasure each other orally until Arthur withdrew his cock, getting on his back, while Carol got on top of his cock, facing him, and started to ride him. 

Carol started rubbing her nipples, then pinching them, while she moved up and down on Arthur's tool. Arthur guided her, hips on her hands, watching her, enjoying the sight of her. She looked down at him and smiled, sighing softly, loving the feel of her husband's big cock in her again. 

Arthur then flipped the two of them around, landing Carol on her back with Arthur on top, all while remaining in her pussy. He then began thrusting eagerly into her, while Carol responded by placing her feet up on his shoulders, and Arthur began to fuck her deeper and deeper, Carol pushing back, meeting his thrust, both of them hungry for each other in a way they had not been before her trip. He fucked her in a frenzy, Carol moaning louder and louder, going hard and deep every time, until at last, they both exploded, Arthur coming hard, hard into Carol's wet snatch, his beloved. 

He left his cock in her juicy vagina, while he began rubbing her clit. Carol cried out, shook, and then came. They both just lay on their backs for a while, panting, exhausted, each with their thoughts on the other and this new fire within them.