 Tommy Maddox lifted the last bale of hay into the feeder and leaned forward against the fence, thinking how unfair it was that he couldn't attend school with his friends this fall. He had so desperately wanted to leave the farm and the loneliness that he had known for most of his life. His father had died while Tommy was still young and was just a faint memory now. His mother had tried to keep the family farm intact, but little by little she was forced to sell off parts of it to keep the rest. She worked the farm and waited tables at the diner in town, about thirty miles away and still it was hard, and that's why she had asked Tommy to wait one more year before going off to school. 

Tommy looked out over the brown fields of dormant winter grass at what had once been a large farm by Missouri standards, now just eighty acres, the rest parceled off to their neighbors, the Amish. The Amish had been happy to buy the land as they had flourished and expanded their holdings to the point that the Maddox's were the only family in the area that was not Amish. They were good neighbors, Tommy thought, just not very sociable.

Done for the day, Tommy turned with a sigh of resignation and went to clean up for dinner. In the shower he remembered the few girl friends he had had in high school, and the missed opportunities that now frustrated him sexually. Tommy was a virgin, and had never even come close to being with a girl sexually. He soaped up his groin and began to stroke his stiffening erection, harder and harder, until he ejaculated into the shower drain. "Just like my life," he mused, "down the drain!"

"Tommy, dinner's ready dear." His mother called through the door.

"Coming Mom." He yelled back, and then chuckled at the double entendre.

=//=

Ezekiel Yoder paced back and forth on the porch of his family's home, his nervous demeanor telegraphing his anxiety over the incessant crying from the upstairs living quarters where his young son lay near death's door. His father and father in-law exchanged knowing glances as they worried for the newest member of the family. 

Suddenly the crying stopped and a mournful wail of a woman rose to chill the already cold winter air. 

"My son! My son!" Ezekiel Yoder chanted, "What has happened to us father?" He looked through tearful eyes, pleading for an answer. 

None came, both the elder men had worried that this was the beginning of the end.

"Go to your wife Ezekiel, and be her strength." His father said, his father in-law nodding his agreement.

Slowly Ezekiel climbed the stairs dreading the sight he would find there. As he neared the door to the bedroom his mother and mother in-law brushed past him their eyes averted in grief for the lost baby. Dread washed over him as he stood framed in the door. His wife kneeled at the foot of the small bed wailing for the lost baby's soul. Ezekiel knelt beside her and wrapped his large arm around his wife's shoulder. They cried together late into the night. 

As the sun rose in the early morning hours Ezekiel was already about his chores, the events of the preceding night weighed heavily upon him, but his duty was to the way of life that was his people's for hundreds of years, and it was the only way he knew.  

At breakfast his wife, Hannah, asked him "Ezekiel we have lost three babies now, what is wrong with us?"

"I do not know Hannah, I wish I did." He lamented.

"I do not wish for this to happen again, I could not bear another." Hannah added.

"I know, I know." He said.

Ezekiel went back about his chores, thinking about something his grand father had said years ago. The elder Yoder had been explaining that as the Amish had developed as a group insulated from the surrounding "English" -- what the Amish called outsiders -- they tended to marry within their same clan. They did not marry sisters as a rule, but even the most distant members were cousins several times over. His grand father had explained that in the early days this practice seemed to fare rather well as the offspring were robust and healthy men and women, but some day, he had warned, there will be a reckoning. But Ezekiel did not know what this reckoning could be. He resolved to travel to his grand father's home and ask his advice.

=//=

Tommy had managed to scrounge up enough money to attend a movie in town on Saturday and had finally set off on the long drive. He was glad to have this time in town; maybe there were some new girls around that he could meet. Hope was all Tommy seemed to have any more. About a mile from home he came upon an Amish man that seemed to be having trouble with his horse and carriage. Normally Tommy didn't stop for Amish but on this occasion it looked like the man really needed help. Tommy pulled to the shoulder of the road and parked his pickup truck just ahead of the man and his horse. 

Tommy climbed out of the truck and waved, saying "hello, got troubles?"

Ezekiel Yoder looked up at the man that had stopped to help, surprised at the brash language. "Thee are kind to stop, the horse has come lame, and I believe he will not be able to continue."

"Well, I'm headed to town, can I drop you off?" Tommy offered.

"You are kind indeed." Ezekiel said as he turned toward the carriage and yelled, "Hannah, come this neighbor has offered a ride." 

Tommy had not seen the woman huddled low in the seat of the carriage, but realized that there was room for three if they didn't mind squeezing in a little. The three climbed into the pickup and off they went down the old county road toward town.

Tommy tried to look at the woman next to him but try as he might he could not see her face. She appeared, however, to be slim and young, but he couldn't be sure. They didn't speak as he drove until they came upon a small dirt road that turned to the left, he continued for a short way and came up to a typical Amish house surrounded by the usual farm out buildings. 

Mr. Yoder thanked Tommy for his kindness and walked into the house. Tommy stole one more glance at Mrs. Yoder, wondering if Amish girls ever messed around with boys like him. Probably not he decided, and he turned towards town and his movie.

=//=

Benjamin Yoder was sitting in front of the wood stove warming his aching feet. His feet never seemed to warm up anymore, he thought, the price of old age. His grand son sat humbly beside his wife on the lone bench against the wall of the meeting room. 

"What brings you to our family this cold winter night young Ezekiel?" Benjamin Yoder asked.

Ezekiel, wringing his hands in anxious trepidation asked, "Grandfather we have tried three times to produce a viable son, and three times our efforts have been met with failure. Our first son was still born, the second, was deformed and lived only a few weeks. Our third died two nights ago and we are now afraid of what a fourth attempt would hold for us."

The elder Yoder nodded for a moment before he spoke, "I have long awaited the consequences of the Yoder penchant for keeping family, family."

"Keeping family, family? Grandfather, what does this mean?" Ezekiel looked dumbfounded.

"The Yoders, my -- our -- forefathers, were the original family line in this congregation. Two other families joined us many years ago, but for the most part we Yoders weren't very careful about who we chose as our wives. My uncle and aunt were brother and sister, your grand mother is their daughter." He paused for a moment, as if trying to recall a long forgotten fact, and then continued, "Hannah's father is your uncle Isaac, so you see, our family has intermarried for many years."

"But why has this affected us so, Grandfather?" Ezekiel pleaded.

"It's been a long time coming Ezekiel, and it will soon be worse than it is now I'm afraid."

"What are we to do?"

"Nothing for now, I'll ask the congregational leadership to look into this matter tomorrow. Until they decide you will wait, understood?"

"Yes Grandfather, thank you for your advice." Ezekiel mumbled as he stood to leave, "come Hannah, we have far to go tonight."

=//=

Tommy decided that the movie was boring and left half way in to it. He wandered around the small town looking for anyone to hang out with. He came upon the local sheriff and chatted about the weather and his plans to attend college as soon as he could convince his mom. Just about this time the sheriff got a call to check on a horse that had been hit by a car on the old county road. As the sheriff began to leave, it dawned on Tommy that the Amish couple had left their horse tethered along the old county road. Tommy followed the sheriff to the scene; sure enough the horse had wandered too close to the road and had been hit. The car was covered with gore and smashed up pretty good too. 

Tommy wondered about the Amish couple. What had become of them? He remembered the farm he had left them at and decided to do the right thing and let them know what had befallen their horse. As he approached the turn to the Amish farm, Tommy saw the couple walking along the small dirt road. He pulled into the dirt drive and cut the engine. 

Tommy looked at the couple as they walked toward him and said, "Folks, I hate to be the bearer of bad tidings, but the sheriff found your horse dead back where you left it."

The couple stopped dead in their tracks, unable to slump their shoulders any deeper, grief and misery haunted them.

"I'd be proud to give a ride, if you want one, folks." Tommy said as respectfully as he could muster.

The Amish couple climbed in without a word. Their lives were at a terrible crossroads, only the elders could decide the course of their future, if there was to be one. Tommy drove them to the crash site, and explained to the sheriff what had happened earlier.

=//= Ezekiel sat in stunned silence. The elders had met, just as his Grandfather had said they would, only they had been unable to resolve the issue. What could be done, they argued, caution had been ignored and now the very fabric of their existence was unraveling. The basic family structure that had been their bedrock for generations was coming to an end, at least this is what they surmised.

Ezekiel wandered through his chores, his hopes of a family had been dashed with the news from the elders. He carried a bucket of corn to the pigs, the noisy creatures were unaware of his preoccupation, their eyes were for the grain he carried, as they competed vociferously for a position near the trough. He looked up to see the big boar mounting a sow as they waited to be fed. The boar did his thing and then joined in the melee. Ezekiel froze, the pigs screaming for the golden grain he possessed. Dropping the bucket, he spun and headed for the house and his wife.

Storming up the steps to the house he yelled his wife's name, "Hannah, Hannah, come here."

Hannah heard the excitement in his voice and lurched to her feet, almost stumbling in the process, "What is the matter Ezekiel?" She asked.

"I have had a revelation Hannah. I know what we must do."

"What are you talking about, Ezekiel?"

"It came to me as I fed the pigs."

"The pigs?" Hannah frowned at her husband's odd behavior.

"Yes! I was feeding the pigs and the boar was mounting a sow and..." He paused to catch his breath, "When we breed the livestock we bring in new breed stock to enhance the herd. Oh, don't you see Hannah? That's the answer."

"Ezekiel, are you saying you want a new boar?" Hannah asked, still confused.

Ezekiel pleaded, "No! You need one." 

Hannah's face went blank. "Just what do you mean?" She asked sternly.

"Hannah...we need to find someone to give new blood to the family line."

Like a flash, Hannah understood what he meant. She looked wide eyed at her husband as thoughts of what this meant raced through her mind. Unable to respond she stared at Ezekiel, his enthusiasm was contagious, but the implications were grave.

=//=

Tommy was feeding hay when he saw someone walking across the pasture towards the house. He seldom saw anyone out here, especially in the winter. He shrugged, and continued his work. 

Ezekiel Yoder had walked the two miles to the "English's" house in hopes of finding him there. He knocked on the door and a mature woman answered the door. Ezekiel was now unsure he had the correct residence. 

Mrs. Maddox answered the door and was surprised to see an Amish man standing on the porch. "Hello." She said, "Can I help you?"

"I have come to see the man who drives the truck." Ezekiel explained as he didn't know the neighbor-man's name.

"Oh, that's my son, Tommy; he's out behind the barn." She said pointing toward the animal pens.

"Thank you." He said and walked in the direction she had pointed.

Rounding the corner of the barn Ezekiel saw Tommy manhandle a bale of hay over the fence; he was impressed with the ease with which he moved, obviously a strong man. Then Tommy saw him, and smiled, waved and said "Hi, what brings you around here?"

"I am Ezekiel Yoder and I would like to talk business with you."

"Well my mom does all the business around here, I just do the work." Tommy said with a chuckle.

"Well, my business is with you if I might explain."

Tommy was intrigued, what business could he have with this man? "OK, I'm listening." Tommy said as he sat on a bale of hay, pointing to another for his guest.

Ezekiel sat and began to explain the tragedy that had befallen his sons, one after the other.

"How does this involve me Mr. Yoder?" Tommy asked.

"Please allow me to explain further," He said as he then began to recount the family bloodline and his Grandfather's admonitions.

Tommy was still unsure of what this conversation meant to him. "Mr. Yoder I feel for you, but what has this got to do with me?"

"Please, allow me a moment more." He then told of the epiphany in the pig pen and how it was a sure cure for all his travails.

"Well Mr. Yoder, I don't have a boar to sell you, or I surely would..."

Ezekiel cut him off seeing that Tommy had failed to understand his intention, "I would like to hire you to service my wife."

Tommy sat stunned at the offer. His mind raced, his pulse thumped in his throat, sweat broke out on his brow, and his tongue became thick and dry. 

Mr. Yoder looked expectantly at the young man, it never occurred to him that the act of servicing his wife was something the English would abhor; after all it was well known they fornicated like the wild animals.

Tommy wanted to accept the offer, but his inexperience at sex was no small hurdle, he agonized over the offer, his mind reeling from the conflicting pressure. He so wanted to have sex, any sex, and this man was offering him money to have sex. But the words didn't come.

Ezekiel took this as a sign that he should continue. "It is my opinion that fifty dollars is a fair sum for this service and I would expect that you would perform as necessary to ensure that she is impregnated."

Tommy stared at this man, serious as he was about the deal, it just didn't seem real. Still he felt the cords in his throat rasp out a sound, "OK." It shocked both men.

A slow smile crept across Ezekiel's face. He reached his hand forward and grasped Tommy's and shook it. 

"Tomorrow is the Sabbath, and I will pray for thee, please come to the house at sunset on the day after, we will be ready for you then."

Tommy nodded, and felt the strange mixture of apprehension and excitement that accompanies inexperienced young men headed into their first sexual ordeal.

=//=

Tommy had trouble sleeping; his thoughts went to the woman that had quietly ridden with him in his truck. She haunted him in the half sleep of the restless mind. He was anxious that he would have to somehow seduce her, was this part of the deal or was it all set up where she had agreed to be with him. Had she selected him? This thought made him become hard, he became so excited at the thought that she wanted him to have sex with her he began fondling himself. He stroked only a few times before he ejaculated into the sheets. He shifted to a dry spot and tried again to go to sleep. Some time in the late morning he roused from his anguish and went to do the morning chores.

Tommy's thoughts followed him throughout the day. He knew he had to get some sleep sometime and found himself exhausted enough to nap after lunch.

Monday came and with it the endless day waiting for evening to arrive. Tommy showered and dressed comfortably. He made an excuse to his mother and drove the two miles to the Yoder's house. As he parked and climbed out of the truck he spied Mr. Yoder come to the door and head toward him.

"Hi Mr. Yoder, I'm not early am I?" Tommy asked politely.

"We have made the preparations and are ready if you will follow me." He explained and walked toward the barn.

Tommy was unsettled. He started to wonder if he had misunderstood what it was he was to do. Why were they going to the barn, he wondered?

Once inside, Ezekiel lit a lamp and the flicker of light warmly lit the small work bench and the stalls behind them. Suddenly there appeared a woman dressed in the conventional manner of the Amish, blouse and full dress with matching bonnet. She moved to the work bench and Mr. Yoder moved to the opposite wall and leaned against a stall.

Tommy had no inkling of what was expected and looked to Mr. Yoder for direction. Just then the woman bent over the work bench, reached back and pulled the folds of her dress up, over her back completely covering her upper torso and her head, and then she pulled down her panties to mid thigh. She stood there awaiting something to happen and it fell to Tommy to make a move. And he did.

Tommy moved tentatively at first looking to Mr. Yoder who was staring at the ground as if he was disinterested in the whole scene.

Tommy moved behind her and realized he had become extremely excited. This was not how he had envisioned his first sex with a woman, but he was about to do just that and he was barely able to contain himself. He reached for the zipper to his pants and pulled it down; reaching for the waist band of his under wear he pulled them down also. As he began to reach for his penis he was startled by Mr. Yoder.

"You won't need to touch, other than for the service itself." He said.

The admonition served to chill Tommy's excitement, but only slightly. There was to be no romance, no loving embraces. He reached in and pulled his half hard penis out and began to pump it in his fist.

Ezekiel glanced up and saw Tommy's massive penis in his fist as it grew to full length. He stiffened, wide eyed, and almost yelled stop. Apprehension for the first time crept into his mind. This was far too large a penis for his wife to take. It had never occurred to him that this could be a problem, what was he to do? 

In that instant Tommy had thrust forward and penetrated just the first inch or so of the woman's puckering lips. Inexperience confounded him but it became apparent that he had to work it in, and that's just what he did. He worked diligently at the task and soon he was stroking two thirds of his huge meat into her quivering folds.

Ezekiel watched flushed with envy and amazement at the man penetrating his wife and it began to dawn on him that this was a trait that was sure to be handed down to the offspring. He began to smile, imagining his son with such manly abilities. It was truly a blessing he thought. Just then his attention was drawn to his wife's legs. They were bending slightly and she was pushing back against the English as he serviced her. Ezekiel watched closely as it was not the Amish way to seek enjoyment through the act of intercourse. It was not expected when it happened but it was obvious what was happening to Ezekiel, he was becoming hard and very excited watching the English service his wife.

Hannah had begun moaning softly, almost imperceptibly at first but the English had begun to pick up the tempo and she was now moaning between thrusts. Suddenly she groaned "OH! Umm." 
