 During the next few weeks we had four important deadlines at work and there was too much to do at home to talk to Helen in any way other than via e-mail.  We both knew it had been more of a physical rather than emotional thing, with no strings attached.  I also knew that seeing her too much at that moment could possibly mean that my marriage was in danger, since I was attracted to her and could probably fall for her quite easily.  In that month I was almost able to forget both the lust I felt for Helen and the guilt, but not completely.

On the fifth weekend after we had had sex there was a party in our part of town that Helen attended.  Very late that night she came by to ask me to drive her home, how she had managed to sneak in through our outer door at that hour is beyond me.  My wife told her to use our guest room instead, since that was much more convenient at that time.  Neither Helen, nor I, was expecting that, but she nevertheless accepted it thankfully.  We went back to bed after Helen had gone into the guest room and closed the door.

“I wouldn’t want you out driving through the city at this hour,” my wife said.

“Thanks,” I answered, “I’m too tired to drive now.”

It didn’t take long for us to go back to sleep.
-

I woke up by the unmistakable sound of my wife moaning in ecstasy, but rather than being accompanied by the sound of her fingers moving in her very wet pussy I heard another sound. It was the sound of someone licking her pussy, and by the time I realised that I also felt a hand stroking my hard cock.  It wasn’t too hard to figure out that it was Helen.  The young woman was on her way to seducing both of us at the same time, and I didn’t mind at all.  My wife had in fact admitted to being bi-curious, even though she felt that Helen was much too young.

I retrieved a condom and some extra lubrication and positioned myself behind the beautiful behind that was sticking up, hoisted by her legs and back.  Helen barely missed a beat when I inserted my cock in her vagina. After a while I realised that I wanted to take her anally once more and I started to lube her in.  The groans from both my wife and Helen were getting louder by the minute, and soon I couldn’t help myself from changing to an even tighter hole.  It felt wonderful, and I was really enjoying the sight and sounds coming from further up in the bed.  My wife had a wonderful orgasm, after which she turned around so that she was positioned in a 69 under Helen.  I heard a few surprised sounds as she noticed that I was taking Helen anally, but then she started to lick Helens pussy instead.  It didn’t take long until Helen was screaming out her orgasm, and I wasn’t far behind.  We ended up in a heap, hugging and kissing.  My wife turned to me and said, “What the hell have you been up to with this young lady? I saw that you were deep in her ass, and I don’t think you would do that with someone you don’t know really, really well.”

“Don’t be angry with him,” Helen said. “I came by about a month ago when I was really sad.  He comforted and pampered me, and in return I seduced him.”

My wife looked angrily at me and said, “You should have told me!”

“I didn’t know how you would react,” I said.

My wife turned towards Helen. “And you, my dear young lady, are not to be found in bed with my husband ever again,” she said. “Unless I happen to be there as well of course or have given you permission. Do you understand?”

Helen nodded.

“There is one thing that I’ve wondered about for quite some time now,” my wife said, “how is my husband in bed?”

“I haven’t had anyone better,” came the truthful answer from Helen, since I was her only lover so far.

“I just have one more question, then” my wife continued, still addressing Helen. “How does it feel to have his cock up your ass?”

Helen blushed heavily, than said with a giggle, “It feels great, you’d better try it yourself sometimes.”

My wife kissed Helen and said, “I’ve been thinking about it lately, now I know I have to…”