 My wife was out of town a few days about one week after the last “incident” had happened, and all I could think of was sex.  On Friday afternoon after I made sure that everything was as it was supposed to be at work, having put in a few extra hours to make up for those that I had lost reading and answering personal e-mails, reading newsgroups and chatting with friends (including Helen).  I took a slight detour on my way home to rent a few smut videos for later that weekend.

When I got home I took care of all the chores that had to be done, including feeding myself, before planting myself I front of the TV.  I was just browsing among the available channels when the doorbell rang and I got up to open the door.  Outside, in a short skirt and a summery blouse, was Helen.  She knew my wife was out of town and wanted to spend some time with me.  We had a nice cup of tea, chatted leisurely and watched TV for a while until she noticed the plastic bag containing the rented videos.  I just wanted to disappear from the face of the Earth!

She asked, “What’s that?”

“Just a few videos that I’m planning to watch later this weekend,” I told her truthfully. “Probably not something that you would be interested in.”

“May I look at them?”

I was seriously contemplating the idea of saying no, but apparently she mistook my lack of immediate answer as a positive. She opened up the bag and looked astounded at the videos it contained, then with utter disbelief directly at me.

“Do you really like porn? This looks like hardcore porn.”

“Yes, I do and it is,” I told her.

“Would you look at a program about preparing food if you are hungry?”

I knew the analogy and answered promptly with a smile “No, I would look at a program about preparing food if I wanted to become hungry.”

She knew I got her there, and we bantered the subject for a while.  She had apparently soaked up all the bad publicity that it had gotten without really giving it much thought. After we had spoken about it for quite some time I asked her “Have you ever watched porn?”

“No, I haven’t. I have read quite a lot of porn, but all such films appear to be too detailed. I want to use my imagination, not be spoon fed what every man wants,” she said.

“Do you really believe that all films are made in the same style?”

“No, but they are made by men and for men,” she answered.

“There are many different types of porn available,” I told her, “going from the abstract to the very direct with extreme close-ups.  The abstract type, preferred by some women, containing long scenes with few close-ups and more kissing, touching and hinting, rather then showing, what is happening… The ‘hydraulic’ type, with a lot of pumping going on and nothing else besides that…  The gynaecological type, with a lot of close-ups.”

I already knew the question she would ask me, so I wasn’t too surprised when she asked “And what style do you prefer?”

“I must admit to liking close-ups,” I said, blushing slightly. “I find the first type to my liking every once in a while, but they can be quite boring. The second type is boring after ten seconds.”

Her next question came as a surprise, “Are there different styles of the contents, like for different fetishes?” She sounded almost interested, rather than disgusted as she had done before.

“There are probably films catering to any imaginable fetish,” I said, “but some are probably easier to find than others.” Growing slightly bolder I quickly added, “Is there something special that you are interested in?”

She answered, blushing, “No, remember that I’m still a virgin. I haven’t tried anything.  Do you have any fetishes?”

Darn, she had me cornered.  I saw her looking at the down at the videos, then right back at me again.  I knew there was no way out of the situation but to tell the truth.

“Yes, I prefer quite young women.  In fact,” I added, “if they have blond or red hair I like it even more.”

“That explains these”, she said while holding up two of the videos with young women in their late teens on the cover. It took a few moments before the implications sank in for her, then she peered at me quizzically.  Her question came hesitantly, “Does that mean that you like to look at me?”

“Yes, I like to look at you.” Phew, that wasn’t too hard to admit.

“Have you ever”, she stopped in mid sentence, trying to find the right words. “Have you ever fantasised about me?”

“Yes, I’ve had quite a few fantasies about you” I stated, matter-of-factly. My thoughts and feelings was at that time in turmoil, and I felt almost claustrophobic. Would she like me anyway?

“Do you touch yourself while thinking of me?”

My throat felt strangely dry. I nodded and noticed that she was breathing more heavily then she usually did.

After a brief moment of silence we simultaneously broke the spell that we were suspended in by turning towards the TV, where an even more than usually annoying advertisement had just started.  I picked up the remote control and changed channel. We spent the next 15 minutes in silence, looking at a rather stupid game show.

During the next commercial break she continued to look at the video boxes, ignoring one of them completely (I heard her whisper “Too hard” when putting it aside).  She read the back cover blurb of one of the films and asked me “Does ‘For her and him’ and ‘Erotic movie’ mean it’s from the first class, the one that women prefer?”

“Generally, yes” I said. “But some women prefer their movies much harder then that and others hate anything that’s even remotely connected to porn.”

“Can’t we look at this video instead of the game show?” She handed me the softest video I had rented.  I shrugged, walked over to the VCR, put it in and sat down again.

The video started with some ads that I quickly skipped through.  The only reason for me renting this video had been that one of my favourite actresses was supposed to have a supporting role and I wanted to see her.  The story was quite boring, and I was starting to think that the ‘Erotic’ part was just a PR stunt.  I still didn’t mind terribly anyway, since Helen had slid up into my arms.  Half an hour into the film things started to change drastically.

The lead characters of the movie started to tell each other about their favourite sexual fantasies, and they were shown in great detail.  I reacted to the scenes by going really hard and there was no way that Helen could fail to notice it. She smiled at me and asked, “Do you like having a hard-on?”

I nodded, swallowed hard and said, “Would you like to touch it?”  For a brief moment I thought that I had gone too far, then I saw her nodding while looking at the bulge at the front of my trousers.  I stood up, undid my belt and zipper, and carefully pulled my trousers down and stepped out of them.  My boxer shorts had a very visible tent, to which her stare was transfixed.  In one swift motion I removed my boxers completely.  Her gaze didn’t leave my manhood for even a fraction of a second when I sat down next to her again.  I let my right arm slip around her, letting my hand touch her breast.  Her hand moved slowly towards my sex, which trembled at her careful touch.  She took hold of it at the bottom of the shaft.

“It’s so thick and full of veins”, she said.  “Could you show me the most sensitive spots?”

I quickly pointed out the brim of the helmet and the very sensitive parts that reacts more to licking than to touching, then I showed her how to and how not to stroke it.  It didn’t take long until she got the hang of it, needing experience rather than instructions at that point.  She was in fact so good at it that I had to stop her after just a few minutes because otherwise I would have shot my load then and there.

I just had to ask her, “May I take your clothes off?”

She hesitated for a moment, then nodded and stood up.  I unbuttoned her blouse slowly, wanting to savour the moment.  It fell to the floor in a crumbled heap, and I caressed her pert breasts through her bra. A soft, barely audible, moan escaped her lips.

Her skirt was a little bit more troublesome, since it had a very tight fit on her hips.  After a few failed attempts to get it off her she removed it herself, smiling shyly as she did so.

I stepped back from her and just admired her beauty for a while, then moved her back into the sofa where I opened her bra and started to kiss her full breasts.  She was breathing heavier than before and, when I started to remove her panties, she lifted her bum from the sofa to help, then pulled me up and kissed me squarely on the mouth.

“Would you be so kind as to kiss me down there, please”, she pleaded.

I went down on her, letting my tongue explore every little crevasse and wrinkle that could be found down there.  Her hands were giving her neck, hair and breasts some badly needed attention.

I let first one finger, then another, slide into her. She gasped and started to move about.  The tip of her clitoris was clearly visible and my tongue gave it some undivided attention while my fingers were moving in and out of her.  I felt a hand that pulled my head towards her pussy and I increased the frequency until her hips bucked and she let go.  The neighbours were probably considering calling the police at that time, since her orgasm was VERY loud.

I looked her straight into the eyes and with a broken voice she said “Thank you!  It there anything you’d like me to do to you?”

“I know it’s a lot to ask for,” I answered, “but would you consider letting me slide into you?”

Her answer came immediately, “I thought you’d never ask!”

She positioned herself on the sofa so that I could enter her in the missionary position while I was donning a condom.  We kissed while she carefully guided my cock into her, and in her expressive eyes I noticed every little pain she felt while I did so.  I let it stay put for a while until she had familiarised herself with the feeling of something filling her up. When I finally started my slow thrusts I heard her moaning start again, but this time into my mouth that was still attached to her beautiful lips in a kiss.

It didn’t take long for me to notice that this wasn’t a position that she felt comfortable in and I asked her if there was something she wanted to try instead.  She looked at the TV where the last scene of the movie was still on and said, “I want you to take me like that, from behind.”

She put herself on all four and I positioned myself behind her and slid gently into her.  One of my hands was caressing her breast and the other her clit, and she was panting heavily.  I took hold of her hip with both my hands and started to fuck her as hard as I could.  She put a pillow beneath herself and went down on her elbows, then let one of her hands slip down to rub her clit.  On the TV screen I saw the actor massaging the actress’ rectum with his thumb, and I did the same to Helen. She came immediately, and her cramping vagina drew me over the edge as well.

“That was even better then I imagined,” she said.

“I agree!” was all I could say as we lay there hugging and kissing.

After a while she looked at a clock that showed 2:08 AM and screamed, “I was supposed to be home by midnight, we have visitors coming tomorrow!”

“I’ll drive you home, if you want to.”

“Yes, please,” she said with a tired but content smile.

She fell asleep while I was driving her and her bicycle to within a block of her home so that she could ride the last part by herself.  We hugged, kissed and parted for the night.

My drive home was quite strange.  On one hand I was filled with remorse from cheating on my wife, on the other I was filled with glee by the fantastic experience.  My mind was in turmoil, and I was probably not a good driver because of that and the late hour.  I must have been extremely lucky for not being stopped by the police; I surely broke a few traffic laws by the time I got home.  In fact, I almost fouled up when parking the car.

I was in a state of obvious sleep deprivation when I got home, but I still managed to clean up the apartment including a few drops of blood on the sofa.