 Chapter 1

How shall I start Sue and myself live in the burbs. It could be Sydney, Melbourne or anywhere, we are happily married middle class types, in our early forties. Sue works in fashion and travels a lot, we both are very sexual creatures; I think we have tried most things, but we prefer to have our sexual adventures together.

At the moment we are seeing a gorgeous couple called Max and Ruth who are about the same age as ourselves. We do all of the normal things close friends do together, but we fuck each other as well. I suck his cock and he sucks mine. Both women enjoy sex. They are usually the ones that seem to initiate our sexual adventures. We have been kicked out of a few restaurants for lewd behavior.

The best thing, about our relationship, is that we have respect for each other. The sex we have together is incredible, when the four of us hit the town for a night out, strangers we encounter; cannot tell who is married to whom.

We do have boundaries though; we do not interfere in the emotional bond between husband and wife. If Max and Ruth are having a small argument, we do not take sides we stay neutral, we love them both.

My wife Sue has a sister. "Stacey", who is younger then her. What can I say she is drop dead gorgeous, size 6, long legs with a cute arse; sex on legs. She wears the most boring clothes which cover up all her charms.

Stacey is married to a nice guy named Bob; we don't see much of them because they live interstate I just drool with lust when Stacey comes to visit us. Sue just gives me that look; that says hands off, out of bounds; So Stacey and I are just like brother and sister. The impression I get from Sue is that Stacey and Bob are fairly conservative; they are good Christians and are definitely not into sex like we are. No problem Sue and I understand this and accept that they are different. They are both lovely people and we just keep our sex lives private from them.

Sue and I are sitting on the couch with the television on but we are not really watching it. I have her tits out and I'm sucking on her nipples Sue has her fingers in her wet cunt, stroking her clit, when the phone rings. It's Stacey on the phone, Sue and Stacey talk for what seems like hours.

Apparently Bob and Stacey have had an argument. Sue has asked me if it will be alright for Stacey to stay with us; for a few days, as things are a bit on edge between her sister and Bob. Sue said she has a business trip, which she cannot post pone. Could I pick her sister up from the airport tomorrow and make her comfortable; in the spare room Sue will catch up with Stacey when she gets back. 

The next day I'm standing at the baggage carousel looking for Stacey when a woman from behind me throws her arms around my neck and gives me a very sensual kiss on my cheek not a sisterly type kiss at all, but a real drag me to bed kiss.

I turn to discover that it is Stacey and our eyes meet but I have to look away, because I'm having impure thoughts about my sister in law. We hug and we smile at each other. You look great Sis: so do you she says. Stacey goes over to the carousel to pick up her suit case. That's when I notice the short little summer dress she has on. My god it's so short, it just covers the cheeks of her bum. If she bends over you will, oh! Oh! Ah! Too late what an arse, thank god she has panties on.

I grab her suit case and we head for the car park. As Stacey is chatting in the car; I glance over to look at her legs that stretch out in front of her, what long beautiful legs she has. The dress has ridden up, exposing the crotch of her panties; I think I can make out the outline of her cunt lips.

God what am I doing; I look up at her face, I have been caught, my face turns red, Stacey just smiles and pulls her dress down a bit.

This is getting me turned on, I can feel the sexual tension in the air and the smell of her pussy is filling my nostrils Sue better hurry back from her trip before I do something I may regret.

Chapter 2

I put Stacey's suit case in the spare room next to the main bedroom. I think the last time the spare bedroom was used, was last weekend when Max and Ruth stayed over; gee I hope Sue has changed the sheets; because we had a very wild weekend in that room. I am starting to have visions of Ruth on all fours being fucked doggy style by her husband Max; while Sue lays on her back underneath licking Ruth's cunt As Max's fat cock is sliding in and out of his wife's juicy hole, forcing Ruth's face further into Sue's wonderful pussy. Ah! The memories of a wonderful decadent weekend with our slutty friends

I went down stairs to make tea while Stacey took a shower. About twenty minuets later she appears in the kitchen dressed in a baggy t-shirt and I hope a pair of knickers. 

We gobble our tea and adjourn to the couch to watch a bit of television. Stacey starts talking about her and Bob. It's mostly about their sex life or lack of it. She said he is a wonderful guy, but she would like a bit more passion; instead of the roll on roll off, type of sex she is getting at home.

"Boy", if she only knew what Sue and I get up to. Then again, may be she does! Sue and Stacey are very close and confide in each other a lot.

I ask Stacey if she feels like a cup of coffee. I would love one she says. I come back from the kitchen with the coffee and notice; that, Stacey is now sitting with her knees up under her chin; applying red nail polish to her toe nails. This gives me a great view of her cunt; she has a few blonde pubes; poking out from under the edge of her knickers. I can see the out line of her labia through the thin material. What a sight Stacey looks up into my eyes and opens her legs a little more, inviting me to stare at her cunt. A knowing smile passes between us. I put the coffees down before I spill them. I just stand there; looking from her eyes to her cunt, suddenly Stacey breaks the silence by saying. Would you like to lick me down there?

Without saying a word I get down on my hands and knees. Stacey slides her bum out to the edge of the couch and straightens her legs so I can reach under her to pull her knickers off. I put them up to my face to sniff and lick the damp patch on them. The aroma of her arousal makes my cock harden. Stacey lays back and spreads her legs inviting me to feast on her cunt. What a cunt it is. Juicy with puffy lips trimmed with blonde hair. Stacey moves her hands up under her t-shirt to massage her nipples.

I start licking my way up the inside of her legs; working my way slowly to her sex. I can hear her starting to pant and moan as I get closer to her moist slit, licking my way all around her clit. I push my tongue deep inside of her hole; I finally get to taste my sister in law yummmm lovely flavor, my favorite.

I now move my attention towards her clit; alternating between gentle little bites and sucking it into my mouth. It feels about an inch long and very hard

Stacey's moans are getting louder; her hips are bucking and thrusting into my face. I can hardly breathe, her legs are locked around my neck I grab her thighs; to restrain her movements; so I can keep my face buried in her cunt. She starts yelling; I'm Cumming oh god suck me oh fuck, oh fuck oh fuck. I can feel her hands pulling on my hair; I have to hang on; she is nearly there. I feel her legs stiffen; her back arching off the couch;as she cums and squirts her juices all over my face. Stacey purred her thanks into my ear;as she licks her cum off my face. Sue was right about your pussy sucking abilities.

Stacey begins to get sleepy after her plane flight and orgasm. I carry her up stairs to her bed. I then went back down stairs to turn the lights off and head off to bed myself when I noticed her knickers still on the floor. I bring up to my face to sniff them, oh what a lovely smell.

I unzipped my jeans and wrapped her panties around my cock and wanked my cock until I came, relieving the tension in my balls and filling her knickers with my cum which I left on her pillow. This could be fun having my sister in law staying over. Stacey knew a lot more about my sex life than I thought she did.