 The Resurrection

The following morning was terrible.  I slept for far longer then I had planned, ate my breakfast and went into town.  None of the things I was looking for was there to be found, my friends were not at the café, and, last but not least, I got a parking ticket.  At least all the groceries that I wanted were available…

When I had been home for an hour, and nothing except the guilt and joy for last nights adventure could be found in my head, I felt I just HAD to do something.

I knew that I had skipped exercising for the last few weeks and I did feel a bit out of shape so some light jogging would probably do the trick. Light was of course the key word here, but that was forgotten the minute I got out of the door and met up with one of the neighbours that was about to go for a run with his dog.  I was stupid enough to tag along for the first part of their tour, but their greater stamina and high pace took its toll on me.  I limped home, with my feet feeling as if someone had put them in a ton of concrete - each.  The shower afterwards was probably the best I’ve ever had, and I stayed in the shower for the better part of an hour.  I towelled off and slid into my thick bathrobe, planning to spend the rest of the day in front of the TV.  What other use of this terrible day could there be?

I had barely switched on the TV when the doorbell rang, and it took ten minutes to get rid of the two Jehovah Witnesses outside despite my state of (un)dress.  The doorbell rang once more before I had managed to find a good reclining position in front of the TV again.  Believing it was the same two men again I sprinted to the door, prepared to tell them a few truths that they probably would not like to hear.  I opened the door quickly with a rather angry face on and saw Helen.

“But weren’t you having visitors over today?” was all I could stammer.

“Yes, but they’ve already left”, she said with a smile. “They opted for lunch rather than dinner, since they still had a long way to go today.”

I noticed that she was looking at my damp hair and unorthodox clothes.

“I’ve been out jogging,” I explained, “and I didn’t expect company.”

“Jogging,” she said with a wink, “are you trying to get fit enough for two women?”

Hoping that the neighbours had not heard her last comment I pulled her into our hall and closed the door behind her.  She misunderstood my intentions slightly and, standing on her toes to reach, threw her arms around me and planted a kiss on my lips.  I kissed her back, rather then telling her the truth.

“By the look of your clothes,” she continued, “you must have been either waiting for me or taking a cold shower in anticipation.”

“I did tell you the truth,” I told her. “I have been out jogging.”

“And now you plan to look at the other videos, and felt that this was an appropriate attire?” she asked.

“I’d completely forgotten them,“ I said truthfully, “but what better clothes are there for watching porn?”  I felt an almost evil smile spread across my face.

“How about these?” she asked, while removing her summer dress and revealing a matching bra and garter belt without panties.

“You teaser,” I said while most of my blood rushed towards my groin area with a very visible effect. “There’s no way that I’ll be able to concentrate on a video if you have that on.”

“What if I’ll take it all off then?” she asked with a winning smile.

“That would, if possible, make it even worse,” I responded.  By this time I had a hard time keeping myself from either jumping her immediately or stroking myself.  I recalled that she was not quite as experienced as I was, and opted for the latter because of possible shock value.

Opening the bathrobe and starting to stroke myself took a mere fraction of a second, and she did seem a bit shocked at first, but then looked at my cook with hunger in her eyes.  She started to caress her breasts and hips with her hands and I knew she was winning this ‘battle.’ I could probably not help myself from coming if she kept it up for much longer.  One long hard look at her fantastic body and I knew I had to have her, immediately.  I dropped the robe, lifted her up while kissing her and carried her to the bed.

I positioned her on the bed and planted kisses everywhere on her marvellous body.  She was giggling, sighing, and panting, over and over. I removed her bra and gave her breasts my undivided attention for some five minutes, by that time she was panting heavily.

“Do you want me to kiss your pussy again?” I asked her.

“Yes,” she answered. “Yes, please!”

I already had her on her back so I just spread her legs and let my tongue do the talking.  By this time it was obvious that she enjoyed having her breasts caressed while being licked, so I planted my hands on them.  My hands were enjoying the full breasts, and I let my fingers play with the nipples as well while my tongue was lapping at full intensity.  My tongue was unfortunately quite sore from the day before, so after a while I had to use my fingers instead. That worked even better and it did not take long until I noticed the unmistakable signs of her orgasm.

After her panting had subsided somewhat she sat up and looked at me with wanton eyes, saying: ”What will you teach me now? You have to be a bit more careful today, since I’m a bit sore at the back of my vagina, I think you were pushing a little bit too far in yesterday when taking me from behind.”

“I’m sorry,” I said with sadness in my voice, “that was not my intention.” I felt my erection fading.

“It’s all right,” she said. “Just promise to be careful today.”

“I promise,” I said. “Lets see then, you didn’t feel comfortable in the missionary position…”

“No, you’re to bony,” she said with a smile.

“And I got too far in from behind,” I continued.

“Yes,” she said, wincing, “you got that right.”

“Then you’d better be in control today,” I concluded.  “You’ll ride me, then its up to you how far I’ll come in and at what pace. But there is one small problem,” I pointed to my now rather limp cock, “the combination of lack of attention and the thought of inflicting unwanted pain in you has made this a bit… flaccid.”

“Is there anything I can do?” she asked eagerly.

“There’s more than one option that will work here, but I think that two might be better than any others,” I said.

“Oh, do tell!”

“You can either masturbate for me or you can suck on it, and I promise it’ll be up in no time,” I said very carefully, trying not to scare her.

“I wouldn’t feel comfortable putting on a show in front of you,” she said, “but I’ve wanted to know what a cock tastes like a long time now.”

The mere though of having her lips around my cock was enough to make it start its rise, and I lay back on the bed to let her proceed.  She started by stroking it like I had shown her the day before.  She then tried various ways of giving me pleasure using her mouth and tongue until she found the one that worked almost too well, and I had to stop her after a while.  I didn’t want it to end that quickly.

“So you liked that,” she said, while stroking my cock closer and closer to orgasm.

“Yes,” I managed to say. “But I don’t want to come yet.”

“What if I want you to?” she asked with a big smile, cupping my balls with the other hand (I had mentioned that to her the night before, and she apparently remembered).

She leaned forward over my cock and let the tip of her tongue touch the base of my helmet, and that was exactly what was needed; I came all over her face.  My body was shaking violently, I probably screamed off the top of my lungs, and I’ve never seen so much semen coming from me in one go as I saw when I came to.

“It doesn’t taste that great,” she said and I barely managed to say, “Okay”.

After some minutes of giggles and laughter we managed to get into the shower, where we ended up lathering up each other.  It took a while to get rid of all the semen, and I made a mental note to wash the sheets the very next day so that my wife wouldn’t notice anything. Helen slipped into a bathrobe belonging to my wife (she would have drowned in my spare) and I took the one that I had left in the hall.

“Would you care for a nice cup of tea, Milady,” I said with the snottiest accent I could muster.

“Yes, Milord,” she replied. “I think I’d like to have the tea in the library, please.”

We laughed and continued to joke while the tea was brewing and I made us a couple of sandwiches.  The TV was still on as we sat down in front of it, having our tea. We were flipping between channels, enjoying the moment.

After watching a rather interesting talk show she looked at me and asked, “Aren’t you going to look at one of those videos with younger girls?  I want to know exactly what turns you on.”

“It will probably be a bit harder than the one we saw yesterday,” I said cautiously.

“Let me take the remote so I can skip things I don’t like,” she said. “I’ll probably survive them anyway even if I don’t like them, but as a precaution.”

She picked one of the videos and I started it and return to me seat next to her.  During the first two scenes we were analysing what happened, which was quite easy for me to do since I didn’t fancy the girls in them.

The third scene did however contain a real stunner, and she noticed that I was looking at the girl rather than talking about what was happening on the TV.  I didn’t even notice that she let her small hand sneak into my bathrobe, not until she had a good grip around my once again stiff shaft.  She started to stroke it, al the while asking me about what I liked and didn’t like about the girl and what the two men with her was doing to her.  I tried to answer all of her questions and managed to ask her a few as well.  I opened her robe and started to pet her.  We were sitting there, side by side, enjoying the scene and each other.  It didn’t take long until she wanted something more.  While the scene ended I put on a condom and applied some spermicidal lubrication to it.

I sat down on the sofa, and she sat down on top of me, her back towards me.  She made all kind of noises while letting my cock slowly penetrate all the way to the hilt, but most of the sounds had a positive ring to them.  She started to ride slowly, and I massaged her breasts and her pussy.  She was looking at the screen and took pleasure in being impaled by me at the same time.  She moaned, “I’m completely filled up by you.”

The fourth scene of the movie ended and the next one wasn’t as good as the two before that.  I told her to turn around, and she did so.  I was once again looking into her incredible eyes, drowning in her gaze.  We were kissing passionately as she rode me faster and faster.  Suddenly I had an idea. I lubricated the middle finger of my left hand and then slowly let it slip into her asshole. In no time at all I had her shaking violently in an orgasm. After it had subsided she looked me straight into my eyes and said, “What were you doing? It was as if someone had put a burning torch to something flammable.”

To answer her question I started to move my finger in and out of her and she started panting again.  I carefully lubricated yet another finger and inserted that one as well, thereby increasing her sensations.  She slowly started to ride me again as I got her sphincter muscle to relax.  I still wasn’t sure about her reactions, so I asked her “May I take you anally as well?”

“Y…Yes”, she stammered.

I turned her back towards the TV set, and she let herself down slowly onto my cock.  I was feeling her tight, tight, hole surrounding my cock.  I knew I couldn’t hold back much longer, so I started to rub her clit as much as I could.  After just a few moments we had our first shared orgasm.

“Did you like it?” I asked.

“I loved it!” was her reply.

“I have to admit that this was my first anal experience,” I told her.

“Mine too,” she said, with a big smile.

I looked at the clock and saw that it was way past midnight and we decided that she would spend the night.  I put her in bed and tidied up somewhat, then slipped in right next to her and fell asleep almost immediately.

I woke up in the best way ever the next morning, since she was at the time giving me my best blowjob ever.  She had woken up horny as hell but too sore to do anything about it, and wanted me to know how horny she was.  She was driving me closer and closer to my limit, only to end it just before I could hold back no more. She did this over and over until I had to beg her to let me come.  She sucked for just a little bit longer and I came all over her face, neck and breasts, and she started to smear it out all over her.

“That was a ‘Thank you’ for yesterday,” she said.

“I really liked it, but you had already thanked me enough then,” I said.

We had some breakfast and showered (one at a time, we would probably not have been able to keep our hands to ourselves), then I sent her home so that I could finish the laundry (especially the sheets…) and tidy everything up before my wife came home.