 Chrissy and Alex had been writing back and forth over E-mail for some weeks. Teasing and flirting. Getting each other interested and hot. They both lived in the same city but hadn't met yet, preferring to keep it safe and online, however they were both beginning to feel like there might be some interesting reasons to get together in person. In his last e-mail Alex had promised Chrissy a story before the weekend was over. Unfortunately she didn't hear from Alex until that next Wednesday.

Dear Chrissy

I am sooo very sorry that you have not heard from me in a while. It is difficult to write a story when your mother comes for a surprise visit and you are sitting in front of the computer half undressed and … well I think you can figure out the rest if you use your imagination. She just left two minutes ago so if you would like me to write a story for you this week I will.

Alex

Dear Alex

I was very upset not to hear from you, but your explanation makes a great deal of sense and I will forgive you this once. However I am tired of talking to you on line and think that it is time to meet in person. All the word play has made me very hot and wet. I am tired of touching myself thinking about what you might do to me. I am ready to see if your mouth is as good as your words. I will be in the Wadsworth end of the Greenbelt Park this Saturday at 10:00 am. I will be wearing a light pink summer dress with peach flower all over it. I will wear a red ribbon in my hair and a daisy over my right ear.

Chrissy

Dear Chrissy

I will be there with bells on, you can bet!!! Cum what may! He he he!!! I will be wearing a blue jean button up shirt and light kaki slacks, and carrying a purple daypack. But I propose to make things a little more interesting if you are game. Each of us should bring three pennies along with us and should either of us get suckered into taking a penny from the other then that person (who took the penny) is under the command of the other for one hour. They have to do whatever the other says. What do you think?

Alex

Dear Alex

I'll bring my three if you bring yours.

Alex waited with baited breath for the weekend hoping that Chrissy would really show up at the park. He found three bright and shiny pennies placed them in pocket on Saturday and left for the park at 9:45. He arrived and wandered around looking for her for about ten minutes when he saw a lovely lady in a peach dress. She was standing by a path that led to a secluded part of the park near the jogging path. Kind of a picnic grotto, the only way to see the benches was if you really looked through the trees along the jogging path. She stood apart from him as Alex stared at her in profile. The dress she wore came down to mid thigh. Her hair tied back with a deep red ribbon and looking very very sexy. Alex took a step foreword and Chrissy turned and saw him. Alex caught his breath as she said "Alex?"

"Chrissy?"

They both laughed and moved to embrace. After a long hug and kisses on the cheek they stepped apart and smiled at one another. Alex smiled and looked at her again, and held out his hand.

"Well Chrissy, I guess we should be properly introduced, hello I am Alex Valentine."

She held out her hand and took his in a friendly shake but when her had came away she was suddenly holding a bright and shiny penny.

"I though I would get the ball rolling and see if you were really going to play or not." Chrissy smiled at Alex and reached into a small pocket and pulled out three pennies. Chrissy smiled again and said.

"I had planned on slipping one to you in a bit while we were in the cab, but it looks as if you were faster." She looked at her watch. "Well you have one hour what now?"

Alex smiled and took her hand, walking her down the path to the grotto. Once there he sat down on one of the picnic tables. "Well this is a fairly good place to start. I want you to take off you panties, and unbutton the top two buttons of your dress."

Alex was impressed that Chrissy didn't even miss a beat. She turned away from him and slid her hands slowly up the outsides of her thighs. Hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her underwear and bending at the waist slowly pulling them down allowing Alex a great view of her ass, shaking her hips slightly and then ever so slowly standing back up and turning around. She threw her underwear to Alex and he put them into his backpack. When Alex looked back up Chrissy caught his eye and licked her lips as she undid the top button of the dress and then the second. Her cleavage was now fairly exposed and Alex was becoming very excited.

"Good girl", he whispered from his throat. "Now, go sit on that bench, hike up your skirt and show your world to me."

Chrissy turned and sauntered over to the other table and sat down.

"Is this what you want to see?" She said as she hiked up her skirt a bit, "Or maybe this?" She raised it a bit more. "Perhaps this?" She lifted it to the top of her thigh. "Or this?" She said as she lifted her skirt just past the tops of her legs. From where Alex was sitting her could almost make out the lips of her pussy beneath the cave of her skirt. He could see the glint of moisture there and knew that Chrissy was becoming aroused by this game. Alex wondered how far he could push. Chrissy was very attractive and he wanted to push he as far as he could. He wanted her to remember this day fondly and with great pleasure for a long time to come. Alex was becoming quite aroused himself, bur he tried to play it cool. "Yes my little toy that is what I wanted to see, but all that teasing is not what I asked for. So, now, you will also throw me your bra. I know that you can remove it with out taking off your dress and I want you to do so NOW!" Alex watched as Chrissy's eyes flickered to the jogging path behind the trees and back.

"Now." Alex said again. Chrissy looked back at Alex and smiled again. She pulled her arms into her dress, quickly removed her bra and threw it to Alex. Alex quickly put it inside his pack as well

"There, now, what do you wish?" she asked. Alex could see her breasts through the thin material of the dress and her nipples hard and poking almost through the cotton.

"I want you to lick your left nipple. Pull your breast out and tease the nipple while you spread your legs. I want to see your pussy get wet as you lick your own breast." Chrissy looking surprised unbuttoned another three buttons and teasingly pulled out her left breast. She teased her fingers over the nipple and gasped, sucked in her breath, and moaned slightly in pleasure. Alex adjusted himself trying not to let Chrissy know how very turned on he was. Looking deeply into Alex's eyes Chrissy lifted her nipple to her tongue and flicked it back and forth. The she closed her eyes and moaned. Opening her eyes again her tongue snaked out to flick the nipple. Chrissy spread her legs widely giving Alex an unblocked view of her very wet and very hot pussy. Then staring deeply into his eyes she sucked her own nipple into her mouth and let it free with a pop. Her voice husky, she asked "Would you like me to play with my self?"

"Yes. Please." Alex gasped.

Chrissy lowered her hand to her pussy and gently stroked her outer lips. At the

same time she removed her other breast for the confines of the dress and lifted it to her tongue and mouth. Her other hand sneaking a finger between her wet pussy lips, sliding it up and down while her mouth and tongue attacked her breast. One finger disappeared inside her and then another, and then another. Chrissy slid her fingers deep within her pussy and locked eyes with Alex again. Staring at him she flicker her thumb back and forth over her clit as she rocked he hips back and forth biting her bottom lip, rolling her tongue over her teeth. Her hand and fingers moving faster and faster over her soaked pussy. The soft wet sounds coming from her filling the whole grotto with the sounds of sex. Sliding her fingers back inside herself she gasped desperately, passionately growing close to release when Alex said

"Enough, come over here!"

Chrissy, frustrated, had difficulty stopping but she managed to in time. She stood and did not try to adjust her almost naked state. The skirt fell from her breasts completely exposing them but falling back down over her hips and waist hiding the treasure there. She crossed to where Alex was sitting and he lifted her wet fingers to his mouth. Alex overcome with lust at the smell of her and began to suck the juices from her fingers. Licking her fingers up and down. Sucking them deeply into his mouth. Once Alex had her hand clean Alex spoke.

"Chrissy I want you to show me how well you use your mouth and tongue, if you can make me cum but stay hard with your mouth then I'll fuck you and make sure you cum with my cock ramming in and out of you. Or you can give me back my penny and we'll call it fair."

Chrissy smiling naughtily kneeled in front of Alex on the bench and practically ripped his pants from him.

"It's not that easy Alex, I want to see how far you'll go here. I'm gonna make you cum, You'll cum alright and then your gonna want to fuck me so bad you wont be able to stand it." She whispered. Then she devoured his cock. Sucking it all into her mouth in one gulp. Alex cried out in sudden pleasure, as he was shocked backward, just barely catching himself with his hands. Chrissy's mouth moved up and down on his cock sucking him harder and deeper with each stroke. Her tongue licking and caressing the underside of his shaft, milking it like a hand or pussy. She looked up into his eyes and moaned around the head. Using the vibrations to help, sucking on just the head, lightly biting it and again looking into his eyes. A look of overpowering lust there with his cock buried in her mouth, moaning, sucking. Chrissy then straddled his leg, pulling his slacks up and beginning to ride up and down his leg. Forcing her pussy against his leg using it to pleasure herself as she wrapped her tits around his cock and used them to bring him off. Sliding her tits up and down the length of his shaft, licking and sucking the head every time it came into view. Alex could barely hold out and she knows it. Chrissy starts talking to him, pulling him closer to the edge while her tits fuck his cock.

"Gonna cum now? Gonna cum in my mouth? All over my face? My tits? Want me to wear your cum while you fuck me? Will that keep you hard? The thought of me covered in your cum while you fuck me?" The whole time she talked she slid her hand up and down his shaft. Sucking it into her mouth between questions.

"Gonna cum? What if I don't let you? What if I just walk away right now? Leave you hard and horny? Or what if I use your cock to cover my face and tits with cream? What are you gonna do then, Gonna cum now and show me how in charge you are? Gonna c.."

Her words were cut short as Alex cried out, his cock jerking violently in her hand. Chrissy was suddenly struck in the chest with a great burst of cum, then another. Alex's cock thrashing about uncontrollably. The next stream of cum landed in her hair and all over her mouth. Then on her tits, she opened her mouth and caught the next there. Alex was cuming like a river all over her, uncontrollably. Finally when the last spurt has splashed on her tits she pounced on his cock and sucked it deeply into her throat. Holding it in a powerful vacuum. Licking it with her tongue and playing with his balls. Sucking hard and holding the blood inside it with her vacuum mouth. When she was sure that he wouldn't be losing his erection she pooped his dick from her mouth, stood, placed her hands on the picnic table and looked at him.

"Fuck me!" was all she said. In a flash Alex was standing behind her, his cock sliding deliciously into her pussy. She was on fire and cried out. Alex thrust into her hard and back out again. Fucking her hard and fast. His balls slapping her ass. Fucking her like an animal. Then in his passion soaked mind he saw a couple of joggers, male and female. They seem to have spotted the action through the trees and had sat down to watch. Alex doesn't care. In fact the thought of what Chrissy looks like, tits hanging, swaying in time to his thrusts, covered in his cum as the couple watch spurs him on more. Alex leans down and whispers to Chrissy "We have company." He feels Chrissy tense but he keeps fucking her wildly and she quickly relaxes. "I want you to give them a show! Make them crazy." Chrissy moans a deep and sexy yes and Alex looks up to see the woman jogger reach over and begin to give the male a hand job through his shorts. Chrissy is looking there way now and is doing what she was told by moaning and screaming over and over "Fuck me ooooohhhhhh yes keep fucking me, I need to be fucked sooooo good!!" Alex reaches up between her legs and feels around for her clit. Never missing the in and out thrusting of his cock into her pussy. When he found her clit he smiled and rolled it around between his fingers pinching it slightly. With his other hand her reached up and took hold of Chrissy's hair. Pulling her head up gently, it reminded him of a horse, thrashing about and he had to bite his lip to keep from exploding inside her.

Alex leaned down and whispered into Chrissy's ear.

"Do you want to cum Chrissy?"

"Yes!" she hissed through clenched teeth as Alex rolled her clit between his fingers again.

"Do want to cum VERY badly?" He asked again. This time slowing down the rhythm of his thrust and backing his hand away from her clit.

"Fuck me asshole!" She screamed as she trust back at him with her hips, trying to bury his cock in her again and put his hand back on her clit.

"Good." Alex said, "Then remember the two joggers?" Chrissy could only moan an affirmative reply as Alex's fingers found her clit again. By this time the woman had the man's cock out and was stroking it all the way up and down. She also had her other hand buried in her own shorts, a wet stain spreading through the spandex crotch. "Chrissy, you may cum when he does, not before and not after but only when he does. Understand?" again the affirmative moan. "One more thing Chrissy, I want you to lock eyes with him and fuck him with your eyes while I fuck you. I want him to see how proud you are to be fucked here and to have my cum drip from your body." Again the moan. "Good girl." And with that Alex slid back up and began wildly thrusting his cock into her sopping wet pussy. He could see that Chrissy had made eye contact with the man because his eyes were wide and his cock had grown almost another inch. Alex watched the beautiful body of Chrissy thrash underneath him. He could see pools of his cum on the picnic table from where it had dripped off of her. He watched the woman jogger finger herself beneath her shorts as she jerked on he companions cock. From where she was sitting he could tell that she was watching his cock disappear into Chrissy's pussy. The crotch of her jogging shorts was completely soaked. Alex was sure that he was going to cum soon and he hoped he could hold out a little longer than the male jogger could. Alex bit his lip as he worked hard on Chrissy's clit, biting his lip to keep from cumming. Then the male jogger couldn't take it any longer. He screamed out he was cumming and a long stream of cum launched itself into the air from his cock onto the ground. Just as it hit the ground Alex felt the lips of Chrissy's pussy begin to spasm and he really went to work on her clit as he continued to fuck her. She was trashing and shouting, her hair flying everywhere as the male jogger and Chrissy came together. Chrissy's orgasm was having a wild effect on the male jogger as stream after stream of cum continued to poor from his cock. Chrissy was thrashing this way and that; it was all Alex could do just to keep hold of her hips to keep fucking her. As her orgasm slowed he slowed his pace to match the calm shivers that were coming over her body, not stopping the pleasure of sliding in and out of her but slowing it a bit. Alex noticed that the male jogger had collapsed backwards onto the ground, exhausted, and that the female was slowly pulling her hand from her shorts. Alex caught her eye and shook his head, licking his lips and winking at her. He nodded his head down indicating that he didn't want her to stop. Alex could feel Chrissy continue to relax as the jogger woman moved her hand back into her shorts and continue to play with herself, her other hand, now unoccupied, moved underneath her sports bra and began to massage her tit. Alex was waiting for that final shiver of a really good orgasm to hit Chrissy, slowing his pace and waiting. Then he felt it, when he did he grabbed Chrissy's hips and thrust into he wildly, fucking her like the wild horse she had reminded him of earlier. He stared a the female jogger and grabbing Chrissy's hair he pulled her up off the table and playfully bit her neck as he fucked her. Kissing her, seeing lust filled surprise in her eyes. Then her body took over, as he knew it would, thrusting back at him, matching him wild thrust for thrust. She could feel another orgasm building in her, he knew she could, so quickly because of his timing, waiting for that moment of relax and denying it to her. Shoving her right back into the throws of pleasure. Alex was so close himself he moved his hand between her legs and gently played with her clit. He knew it wouldn't take as much this time. He was so close, and then he felt it. He yanked his cock from her pussy and came all over her back. His cum pooling in the hollow of her back as he grunted and thrust his cock along the crack of her ass, cumming and cumming all over her. He knew that the lady jogger would be almost quitting again in disappointment and he didn't want that. He looked over at her and saw that she was close, so without removing his now shaking hand from Chrissy's clit he scooped up some of his own cum and fed it to Chrissy, turning Chrissy's head to face the woman. He saw Chrissy make eye contact with the woman, and then saw Chrissy lick the cum off his finger lustfully. The woman's eyes went wide and then she came too. Screaming and moaning into the clearing, clawing at her covered breast. Chrissy continued to suck on Alex's finger as the woman continued to cum. Then Alex dropped behind Chrissy, and thrust his tongue deep inside her. Licking her clit and fucking her pussy with his tongue, as the lady joggers cries filled the area. Then he felt and heard Chrissy cum again. This one not as powerful or as shocking as the first but deep and long, like an old ache from her bones going away. It went on and on while Alex tried to catch all of her cum with his mouth that he could. Chrissy body shaking and moaning in pleasure, on and on. Alex lapping at her franticly swallowing all he could, the rest running down her legs. Finally Chrissy collapsed onto the table. Exhausted, eyes closed, breathing contentedly. Alex rose and went to his backpack. He pulled from it a towel, some wet wipes, a pair of long boxer shorts, and a button up shirt. He gently used the towel and wipes to begin cleaning his cum from Chrissy's back and front, when her eyes returned from the place of pleasure she had been, she smiled at him and he spoke softly.

"I don't think you'll want to go where ever it is we are going today looking like you do, although I find it very sexy." He finished cleaning up her legs and waist and gently placed her legs in the shorts. Pulling them up to her waist.

"You're, dressing me, and cleaning me? That's very sweet." Looking around the now empty grotto she asked. "Where are our friends?"

"Well as to dressing you," Alex explained" My hours up and thought you might want to be decent." He finished cleaning up her top and began to put the button up shirt on her and the cum soaked dress into the bag. "And about our friends, I bet your pretty pissed hu? But I have to tell you that I don't know many women sexy enough to get three people off all at the same time. You are amazing."
