 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not. 

*

When Michelle realized that she'd brought the wrong checklist to the falsework inspection, I was perfectly okay with following her back to the field office and filling it out there. I didn't mind following her anywhere since it typically meant I'd get a good look at her ass and I really liked looking at her ass. I liked looking at her face, too, and if they weren't covered up by a bright orange vest, I'm sure I would have liked looking at her tits, as well. It wasn't unusual to have such a good-looking woman working on a construction site; it was just unusual to have a woman out there at all. The fact that she looked good with her hair up and wearing a hardhat and safety glasses said to me that she must be an absolute knockout when she was off the job site.

Of course I tried hard not to flirt with her because, first of all, I assumed she had to deal with being treated differently all day long being in the minority on the site, but also because we were colleagues and it was important that I treat her with the same respect I afforded her male coworkers. That didn't mean, of course, that I was not interested in the idea of messing around with her if the opportunity was to present itself. It turned out that, when an opportunity did present itself, I apparently wasn't the only one feeling that way.

The field office had cubicles for all of the engineers on the project so it was surprising to find it so quiet when we arrived. A quick look around confirmed that we were all alone.

"Wow, I can't believe no one is around," Michelle commented, "That could definitely lead to trouble."

"Really?" I responded, "What kind of trouble were you thinking?"

There was no question that we were on the same page because we were immediately in each other's arms with our lips pressed together. Our tongues quickly snaked into each other's mouths and I dropped my hands down from the small of her back to her ass. With my hands on her ass, pulling her against me, and her tits pressed against my chest, I could feel my cock growing and I assumed that she could, too. It crossed my mind that somebody could walk in on us, but I knew that we'd hear the door at the bottom of the stairs open and would have plenty of time to look presentable before anyone walked in on us. The thing was that I knew I wouldn't want to stop now that we'd started. It turned out that neither would Michelle.

"We don't want to get caught like this," she said, pulling her mouth from mine, "We should continue in private."

"Is there someplace private around here?" I asked.

"The ladies' room," she replied, "especially with Jacque on vacation this week. And don't worry, we actually keep it clean."

She had moved away from me and took my hand to lead me to the ladies' room. With the only other female in the field office gone, we wouldn't have to worry about being interrupted and the location would make it fairly easy for me to slip out safely once we were done if anyone else had arrived at the office by then. The atmosphere wouldn't be ideal but I think we were both worked up enough that we didn't care. She locked the door behind us once we were inside and we were quickly making out even more passionately. My hands went to her ass again and the harder I pulled her against the bulge in my jeans, the more I wanted to slip my cock into her. It wasn't long before my hands went from her ass to the front of her jeans and started to unfasten them. As I was getting her jeans open, she reached down to massage my throbbing bulge before starting to work on my jeans as well.

As I started to slide her jeans down, I slipped my hands over her ass again, feeling the material of her panties hugging it before I started to slide them down as well. I couldn't bend forward as we continued to make out so, once I'd pushed her jeans and panties down as far as I could, I brought a hand around between us and ran my fingers through her bush until I encountered her slippery slit. By this point, she was extracting my throbbing tool and gently pumping it in her soft fist.

"I want to ride your cock," she finally said after pulling her mouth from mine. As I worked my jeans and underwear down further, she stepped back and took hers off completely. I took a seat on the lid of the toilet and she straddled me, my attention on her trim, brown bush as it approached my cock. Grasping my cock as I held her waist to steady her, she lowered herself onto it and we both moaned softly as her warm wetness engulfed me. Once I was fully embedded, she just sat there for a moment, savoring the feeling of my cock filling her up. I was watching the blissful expression on her face until she smiled and leaned in to kiss me. As we started to make out again, my hands went from her waist, up under her shirt to her tits, caressing them through her bra and feeling her hard nipples pressing against the thin material.

She started to slowly move up and down on my cock, as I was caressing her nipples through her bra before I reached behind her to unfasten it. Bringing my hands back around, I pushed the cups up out of the way and caressed the soft, smooth flesh of her tits. While she was riding me slowly, we continued to make out but, as she started to pick up her pace and moan softly, it became more difficult, so we stopped and she tried to control the moaning that wanted to escape. I could feel her pussy becoming even hotter and wetter as she rode me harder, which I took as a good sign that she was well on her way to an orgasm. I could feel the stirrings of my own, especially as her pussy continued to feel even better than it had initially, but I was confident that she'd be cumming before I did.

I was savoring the feel of her hot pussy sliding up and down my throbbing tool as well as the feel of her soft, smooth tits in my hands. I gently pulled her hard nipples, thinking that might help push her further toward an orgasm and it seemed to have some effect, so I continued as I also started to push up into her each time she was coming down on me. She was riding me so hard that I started to worry that the toilet seat might actually break off and send us sprawling but, luckily, it held up and, when she started to cum, she slowed her pace significantly. I could feel her entire body trembling and continued to fondle her tits as she was cumming.

Once she'd gone still, she sat on my lap recovering for a minute or so before I encouraged her to stand. With my jeans still around my ankles, I dropped to my knees and backed her up against the vanity cabinet. She spread her legs as I admired her trim, brown bush before leaning in and starting to lick her slit. She grabbed my head and moaned softly as I slurped up the pungent juices she was secreting. My cock was still throbbing, but I figured I'd increase my staying power by taking a short break from fucking her. Plus, I just wanted to devour her juicy pussy for my own enjoyment as well as hers. From the sound of her breathing, I was pretty certain that she was enjoying my oral attention, especially when I slipped a finger into her and started licking and sucking her clit.

She was rocking her hips toward my face, breathing heavily while trying to refrain from moaning loudly, as her pussy became wetter and more engorged around my pumping finger. I would love to have eaten her pussy for much longer and would have put more effort into prolonging her pleasure had we been in a different situation. Given that we were in the ladies room of her office, I made it a point just to make sure that she came. I could tell when she started tensing up that she was getting close so, when her knees almost gave out as the tension left her, I wasn't surprised. Her body trembled again as she was cumming and I kept licking and fingering her until she let out a long, ragged breath.

I slipped my finger from her juicy pussy into my mouth and stood again, my rigid cock sticking out before me. She stroked it briefly as we made out again, then I boosted her onto the countertop and guided it back into her. I started to fuck her slowly, with long, full strokes as we went back to making out. I was savoring the feel of her hot, slippery pussy along the full length of my cock, while hoping that this would not be my only opportunity to do so. Her legs were wrapped around mine and my hands were planted on the countertop beside her ass and it didn't take long before I was increasing my pace. Unfortunately, the harder and faster I was fucking her, the more noise the vanity cabinet was making. It turned out that it hadn't been attached very well so it was banging and sliding and, to anyone outside, the noises might warrant investigation.

Rather than slowing down, I stopped completely, had Michelle hop down, then turned her around. I figured if she was braced against the vanity, she'd be able to prevent it from making noise as I took her from behind. The first thing I did, though, was run my hands over her sweet ass before grabbing my cock and guiding it back into her pussy. I eased myself in until my hips were pressed against her ass then grasped her waist and started to slowly slide in and out of her hot pussy again. Her pussy had felt incredible the first time I'd slipped into it but, now, after two orgasms, it felt even hotter and more slippery. I knew it wasn't going to be long before I was ready to spew, which was probably a good thing given how much time we'd already spent in the ladies' room.

I really hoped that this spontaneous encounter would lead to future encounters that were less surreptitious and more relaxed and drawn out. I was absolutely enjoying her body but was hoping for the time and appropriate location to further enjoy and explore it. In the meantime, I was certainly appreciating the opportunity that had presented itself. I didn't want to rush but knew that with each passing minute there was greater potential of being discovered. I don't know if Michelle was thinking this same thing when she reached down between her legs to stroke her clit and help herself along, but I certainly didn't mind the assistance. She managed to brace herself, stroke her pussy and push back against me all without the vanity cabinet making any additional noise. Meanwhile, I went ahead and slipped my hands back up to cup her swinging titties.

I was starting to wonder whether I should plan to pull out or just spew inside her when she suddenly started to tremble again and a short moan slipped out before she was able cut it off. I kept fucking her as she came again but, when she'd apparently finished cumming, she straightened up and my cock slipped out of her. Before I had much time to react, she'd turned and given me a quick kiss then dropped to her knees. My cock was immediately in her mouth and then it was me trying to stifle a moan. Her mouth felt incredible as it moved up and down my tool and she pumped the base. She clearly had some experience when it came to sucking cock but I wondered if her technique might be a little different under other circumstances. I had no complaint that her skillful cocksucking was bringing on my orgasm pretty quickly but was hoping for an opportunity to savor it at some point in the future.

I did savor the pleasure I was feeling as a result of her hot mouth moving up and down my shaft for as long as I could but, between that and the time I'd spent inside her pussy, it was no surprise that my cock started swelling with my impending orgasm. I managed to refrain from moaning loudly when I finally exploded into her mouth and she swallowed my load without even the slightest hesitation. She milked every drop of cum from me and only let my cock fall from her mouth once I was completely spent. She sat back on her heels and smiled up at me then reached up for me to help her up.

"We've probably already pushed our luck," she said softly, "so let's try to sneak out of here before it's too late."

We pulled our clothes back on and made sure that we were presentable, then she peeked out the door to make sure the coast was clear. It was, so we slipped out and managed to make it back to her cubicle without running into anyone, though we could hear that there were at least a few people pecking away at their keyboards. She tracked down the checklist we needed and, as she filled it out, we discussed in low voices the potential for further indulgence in a more appropriate location. By the time we headed out of the office and back to the job site, where we would part ways and I'd head back to my own office, we had a plan in place. By the time we did part ways, we had all of the details figured out and were both looking forward to spending a long period of time naked together.