 As always, feedback is very welcome, so please get in touch!




I closed the front door quietly behind me, my eyes becoming accustomed to the gloom of the house. Hanging my jacket and loosening my tie, I glanced upstairs to see only the faint glow of the nightlight from the baby's room and nothing else – and, more importantly, no sounds of crying or screaming to pierce the cool night air that I had brought with me. Strangely, though, there were no sounds coming from downstairs, and only a low light creeping under the living room door. 

Walking softly, I gently pushed open the door to the living room, and could instantly see that the glowing light was coming from the silent TV, which was showing some late-night cable horror movie – I could see an attractive busty redhead running upstairs in a tiny skirt, mutely screaming, followed by a cloaked figure. 

Across the room, supine on the couch, head propped on a pillow and remote dangling loosely from one hand, my babysitter Katie lay, somehow still managing to look beautiful even when sound asleep, quite the feat. Her thick long dark hair framed her heart-shaped face, and her outfit – knee-length green skirt, thin cardigan sweater (a little impractical for a comfy night on the couch, but I wasn't complaining) – clinging to her ripe, 18-year-old body. We had known Katie and her family for about 6 years, since we moved to the area, and I'd seen the lithe brunette transform into a tan teenager who turned heads wherever she went. As beautiful as she was, though, Katie dated infrequently, and, admirably, remained focus on her college studies. Even now I could see a small pile of textbooks next to her on the couch that she must have been scanning as she fell asleep, with the TV on mute as a silent companion. I looked down at her, eyes scanning her face and body, my head full of memories. 

An image of pulchritude, Katie had developed well and early, and her current 38D-24-34 figure (my wife had taken her clothes shopping a couple of times when she was younger and her parents were away) was truly a sight to behold. She occasionally stayed with us when her parents were out of town, and even though she was now old enough to be on her own, and had been for some time, she enjoyed staying with us, sometimes cooking dinner for the family, or playing piano for us. I won't lie – having a gorgeous young woman in the house, wandering down to breakfast in tank top and pajama pants, or exercising on the back deck in tight yoga pants, did wonders for my libido. I found myself especially randy on the nights Katie stayed with us, and would screw my wife with a notable vigor, my mind racing with the possibility of Katie in the next room, hearing us fuck as she lay in bed. 

I had come to terms with the strange mix of feelings I had for Katie – that of a surrogate father, who wanted to help take care of and nurture her, as well as the dark lusts that she stirred up within me – and we had a comfortable, slightly flirtatious relationship. We would often sit up and have a couple of beers when my wife was working late (which, these days, was increasingly often) and she was warm, witty and pleasant company, her throaty laugh filling the room and her wide, dancing eyes marking me, telling me that she knew all of my secrets.

Even as this thought flitted through my head, those deep brown eyes opened and Katie stirred, propping herself up on one arm, her ripe tits pushed together into the V-neck of her sweater, the deep cleavage enticing. I forced my eyes to lock onto hers as I smiled. 

"Hey, sleepyhead," I said softly. 

"Griff!" Katie started, looking around. "I'm – I'm sorry, I didn't mean to fall asleep, is the baby-?"

I laid a comforting hand on her upper arm. "Shh... the baby's fine, sound asleep upstairs." I gestured to the monitor on the dresser, from which issued the soft sounds of breath. "The baby made it through a few hours, so I guess you get paid tonight," I added, smiling. 

Katie sat up, rubbing the sleep out of one eye daintily, and I sat next to her on the couch, turned to face her with my arm along the back of the cushions. "You're such a tease," she said, lightly slapping my wrist. "You know you never have to pay me, I like to help out so that you guys can go out and romance it up." She winked exaggeratedly, giggling.

I frowned. "Fat lot of good that did tonight," I said. 

Katie instantly picked up on this, sliding a little closer, a hand on my knee. "Something up, boss?" she asked with a smile – always trying to cheer everyone up.

"Ahh, you don't want to hear my troubles," I said, patting her hand. The night's young, I'm sure you could still go out clubbing."

"Griff," Katie said, sternly but with the ghost of a smile still on her perpetually pouty, bee-stung lips, "I'm sitting right here, ready to hear all about it. But first – how about I get you a beer?"

A smile crossed my face again. "You're an angel, you read my mind."

"Don't you move, mister man," she said, bouncing from her seat and hurrying to the kitchen, her firm ass switching in the little skirt. I felt an inappropriate thought about her – probably the millionth - cross my mind, and silently cursed myself for it, feeling like a dirty old man. Never forget, you're 20 years older than her, I told myself. Before I could chastise myself further, Katie popped back into the living room, 2 cold bottles of beer in hand, and sat with me, closer still this time, putting one in my hand and taking a sip from hers. "Shoot. Tell Katie all your troubles," she said, her head on one side, coolly regarding me with those amazing eyes.

"Not much to tell," I began, taking a sip myself. "Things were going fine – well, not bad – when I dared to mention that Jen's been working late a lot, working weekends, and we haven't had a lot of time together. She took it badly, kind of blew up at me." 

"Poor thing," Katie said, rubbing my knee. "I can't say I'm surprised, though. Maybe it's not my place to say –"

"No, go on, please," I urged, smiling at her. 

"Well, it seems like she's putting a lot on you. Working all those hours, expecting you to pick up the slack around here – I'm learning all about it in my social studies class, she's cast herself as the victim. Has... has your sex life slowed down, too?" she asked, looking down. 

"It's like you've been peeking in our bedroom, cutie," I said, shaking my head. "She hasn't come near me in months." 

"That's what I thought," Katie said, her hand still on my knee, stroking softly now. "Sorry, I interrupted your story, please, go on." I dragged my eyes from the deep well of her cleavage to her pretty face and smiled reassuringly before continuing.

"Things got worse when a girl from my office saw me and came over to say hello. As soon as she walked away from our table, Jen practically accused me of sleeping with her. After the meal she announced she's sleeping at her sister's house tonight."

"Why would she do that? Accuse you of sleeping around?"

"Well, I can understand – a little. This girl, Bryce, is very flirty, and she was pretty much ignoring Jen."

"What does this – girl – look like?" Katie asked, sipping from her bottle.

I looked up, as I remembered Bryce stopping at our table, touching my arm, thrusting her boobs in my face. "She's an intern, maybe 19 or 20 - about 5'8, long dark curly hair, big brown eyes, big tits – and she knows it. She shows them off whenever she can, and dresses kind of slutty." As I looked back down, Katie was smiling, her eyes alive, like we were sharing secrets.

"So is that your type?" she asked, giving me a knowing smile, knowing full well that, physically, I had pretty much just described my teen babysitter to a tee.

"Well, aside from the slutty part," I admitted, setting my beer on the table. "I like my girls to look a little more professional and demure."

"You like them to act that way, too?" Katie asked, leaning closer.

"In public, sure," I said, leaning in conspiratorially, enjoying this. "But in private, when we're all alone..."

"A total slut?" Katie asked. "Someone that will do whatever you say?"

"Something like that," I replied, not losing eye contact, a wry smile on my face. The beer, along with the wine I'd had with dinner, was creating a low buzz in my head and I knew I shouldn't be having this conversation with Katie, but something else told me to press on. I was talking about sex with a beautiful young brunette, which was certainly the highlight of my night. 

"Griff?" Katie asked, biting her lip, a slight look of nervousness crossing that beautiful face. 

"Yes, Katie?"

"You know we can trust each other, right? And that I would never dream of betraying your confidence – to anyone?"

"Of course, sweet thing," I said, patting her hand. "I trust you completely."

"Good. So did you fuck that girl?"

I almost spit out the mouthful of beer I had just taken; laughing and coughing, I set my bottle down. "Excuse me?" I said, still smiling. 

"Bryce, the girl who was flirting with you at dinner. The one who's your type – almost," she corrected, smiling. "Is your wife right? Did you fuck her?"

Hearing that word from the mouth of this innocent young girl was shocking but, I had to admit, arousing. We had never talked this frankly before. I shook my head. "No. No, I didn't," I answered.

"Never even thought about it? Not even one innocent little kiss?"

I tried to maintain my serious, innocent face, but it didn't last and a smile broadened there. "We did have a little make-out session at the New Years' party at work, just a little drunken grope in one of the conference rooms," I admitted, remembering the brief tryst on the huge oak conference table, with Bryce's tongue in my mouth and my hands on her luscious ass, her legs around me as we ground together. 

"Just kissing?" Katie asked, leaning further forward now, pupils dilated, as excited by this conversation as I was. "This sounds like a pretty hot girl. You didn't get to second base?" she asked, eyebrow raised. "Third? Alllll the way to home plate?" she added in a breathy, sex-operator whisper.

I shook my head, too far gone now to pretend innocence; I had to tell the whole truth, grateful in a sense to have someone to finally tell the secret to. "I had her tits out of her bra and I was sucking on them while I rubbed her pussy through her panties – she was shaved, and so fucking wet – I made her cum that way. "

"Lucky girl," Katie said; her voice was low now, almost lustful. "Did she return the favor?" Katie's eyes darted to my crotch, where the memory of my New Years' Eve liaison was evident in my growing hardon. 

"She went down on me," I said, my mouth dry, cock aching-hard now, from the frustrating evening I'd had and from this sexually-charged chat. "She was good, too. No gag reflex that I could tell."

Katie's chest was heaving a little faster now, and her cleavage was slightly flushed and pink. Maybe it was my imagination, but I swore I could see her nipples stiffen and push at the material of her sweater. "Did she... swallow it? Did you cum in her mouth?"

"Partly," I said, dragging things out – I was enjoying turning this teen sexkitten on, seeing her in a whole new light. We were practically face-to-face now on the couch, an electrical charge building between us. 

"Griff?"

"Yes, Katie?"

"Where did the rest of the cum go?" Katie said, licking her glistening pink lips. 

"I shot some of it in her mouth, and the rest on her tits. She cupped them and held them up so I could milk my cock dry onto them, then –"

"And then what?" Katie said, her hand on my arm, fingers digging into pliant flesh. 

"Then she licked the cum off her tits, and sucked my cock nice and clean... before we rejoined the party."

There was a long pause; Katie's eyes bored into mine, and her nipples were now obviously poking at her sweater. She set down her beer, returning her gaze to mine.

"Have you fucked her since?" she asked, biting her lip, her voice coy now.

I shook my head. "We've exchanged a few flirty looks at work, but no."

"I bet she wants to. I can't blame her. You're a good-looking man, Griff."

I threw out a tester. "A good looking married man," I said. 

Katie shrugged. "I can read between the lines. Jen's not exactly nice to you, and she's never around. I can't blame you for responding when a pretty young thing flirts with you, or wants to get closer to you -' she slid a little closer on the couch, out thighs pressed together, the heat of her firm young skin transferring to mine ' – or even when a young woman – maybe even one you've known for a long , one who's always looked up to you – tells you that she wants nothing more, right now, than for you to pound the shit out of her." Katie grabbed hold of my tie, pulling me closer to her, and my hands slid around her waist. "I wouldn't blame you at all."

In an instant, my tongue was in Katie's sweet, hot mouth, and my hands closed over the perfect globes of her ass through the skirt, pulling her onto my lap. As she parted her legs, straddling me, the skirt slid up around her waist, and as I looked down, I could see her panties rubbing against my straining hardon. Katie pulled hard and my tie slipped free and flew off; she was mewing as she kissed me, grinding hard against my crotch and panting.

"Why'd you have to tell me about fucking that lucky little slut's mouth?" she said, between kisses, her hands on my chest, unbuttoning my shirt. "I was being such a good girl, and now you've got me so fucking wet I can't stand it, Griff."

"Are you jealous?" I said, unbuttoning her skimpy sweater to reveal her full, ripe tits in a black bra that matched her panties. 

"FUCK yes!" Katie groaned as I kissed my way down between her tits, sighing as I tasted her, her fingers tangling in my hair. "I get jealous enough when you fuck Jen in the next room... I can hear her moaning, taking your big cock, begging for more... I lay there, and I shove my dildo in my pussy till I cum hard... I put my pillow over my mouth so you can't hear me..."

I had her bra off now; it lay in a pile on the floor with her sweater and my shirt. "Well, I want to hear you tonight, babygirl," I said, licking her nipples, making her moan. "Do you want me to fuck you?"

"Oh... god, yes, Daddy... please... PLEASE fuck me hard, fuck your babygirl, I've wanted it so fucking long..."

Everything seemed hyper-real; the light in the room from the flickering TV screen seemed drawn to Katie's smooth skin as I ran my fingers over her. My hands were inside her panties, kneading her ass cheeks, while I suckled on her hard, pink, pencil-eraser nipples, biting gently, making her gasp and cry out. Katie was grinding hard, rubbing her pussy up and down on my bulging erection through our clothes, tongue flickering at my earlobe, her breath coming in quick pants, pulling back to cup my cheeks and look down into my eyes, dark passion written across her face. All of this seemed like a sudden, intense dream, but Katie's fingers hungrily tugging at my hair as her tongue flashed across my lips let me know it was very real.

"I never knew..." I began, drinking in her beauty. "I didn't know you wanted this."

"Griff, I've wanted this... wanted you... for the longest time. I didn't want to cause trouble; didn't want to be a home wrecker... but you know what?"

"What?" I said, smiling, licking at her fingertip as she touched my face softly.

"If that bitch isn't treating you right... then I will." 

In one fluid movement, Katie slipped off my lap, kneeling between my parted legs, wearing only her college-girl skirt and panties, dark hair tumbling around her face, covering one eye as she smiled up at me. She ran her hands down my bare chest, and stroked my thighs as she cooed in delight at my throbbing hardon, threatening to burst out of my pants at any moment. 

"This is all mine tonight, Daddy," she said, leaning forward to lick along the pulsing ridge of flesh, hands gripping my thighs as she kissed up and down, my prick responding, pulsing harder, like an iron bar now. "Do you want me to take it out? Does Daddy want me to... lick it?"

I nodded dumbly, fingers digging into the couch, beyond lust now, hungry for this girl like never before, months of pent-up passion built up in me far past the point of no return. My head was buzzing with desire; if Jen had walked in right then, I would have happily fucked Katie on the rug while she watched. Katie was grinning wickedly, shaking her head, dark locks bobbing.

"Uh-uh, Daddy. That's not how it works. You're gonna tell me what you want... every... dirty... little... thing..." she purred, between kisses on my thigh, "and Katie's gonna do it. Whatever Daddy wants tonight... you're in charge. I know that's what you want... what you've always wanted. You're a man who deserves what he desires... so take it."

Her dark, lustful words filled my chest with fire; it had been too long since I'd been the man I used to be, the cocksure college boy who did as he pleased. I felt him pushing to the forefront of my mind; tonight he would come back. Tonight would change everything. 

I stood up, my pulsating hardon in Katie's face as she knelt before me, her hands placed primly on her knees. She bit her full, plump lower lip, gazing up at me, long eyelashes fluttering prettily.

"Take my cock out, babygirl."

A grin flashed across Katie's glossy lips, but she immediately returned to an expression of mock-servility. "Yes, Daddy," she breathed. 

Katie kept her eyes on mine, large, brown and deep, as she unbuckled and unzipped my pants, pushing them down to my ankles, my boxers tented before her. Katie slid her hands up my thighs, licking her lips as she breathed on my hardon, making it pulse anew.

"Like this, Daddy? Am I doing good?" she asked, her voice becoming more and more a breathy, innocent-little-girl whisper. I nodded indulgently, stroking her hair, making her close her eyes and lean into my hand, smiling.

"You're doing fine, baby. Keep going, I want you to see everything."

"And... then I can taste it?" she asked, her voice full of Christmas-morning excitement. My smile widened.

"Yes, Katie, baby. If you're good, you can taste it."

"Goody," Katie murmured, licking at my cock through my boxers, up and down, opening her mouth around the head, gently suckling it through the cotton. I moaned, my hand still on her head, watching her close her eyes and savor it, like she was getting her first-ever taste of some sweet treat. 

"UhhmmMMMMmm..." she moaned, releasing it from her full lips with a wet pop. "Oh, Daddy Griff..." she trailed off as her nimble fingers worked at the waistband of my boxers, pulling it out... and then down, releasing my cock from its prison. It bobbed free, pulsing in her face, and as she bent to lower my boxers, and raised back up to face it, the throbbing head slapped against her soft cheek.

"Oh, Daddy," the hot little brunette groaned, smiling, immediately gripping the shaft gently with her small hands and stroking gently up and down. Her ministrations caused my foreskin to slide back, the swollen purple head pushing free, hot and seemingly bigger than it ever had been before. Katie leaned in, eyes closed in apparent ecstasy as she rubbed my stiff, thick cock over her face like it was an ice pack on the hottest day of summer. Each time the head passed over her wet, parted lips, she gave it a soft kiss or a gentle lick, lapping at it like a thirsty kitten, causing pyrotechnic sensations to shoot up my spine. I sucked air through my clenched teeth, winding her long dark curls in my fingers, gripping a hank of hair to guide her head. Katie got the message and looked up at me expectantly, eyes full of innocent wonder.

"What should I do now, Daddy?" she asked, her voice carrying only a hint of teasing. 
