 The air in the southern city of Chattanooga was heavy with the heat of mid-Summer. The only salvation from the smug weather was a slight breeze which twined around branches like a lady weaving through a crowded ball. No one was more appreciative of this olive branch from the heat than Katarina, who despite wearing nothing but a red lacy thong and a long silver chain with the figure of Kali the destroyer at the end, was glistening with a thin layer of sweat on her plush white couch. The lazy waving of an ornate silk hand fan did little to alleviate the heat that smuggled its way into her modestly decorated white living room. 

Turning onto her stomach and tossing her long black mane of hair over to one side of her shoulder, Katarina rolled her eyes at her bold assertion that painting the whole house white would reflect away the summer heat.

Katarina had not lived to experience the southern heat before, having lived in the cool seaside residence of a New Jersey home for most her life she was ill prepared for such long sluggish days. Her long legs, pale milky white skin, and hip to waist ratio already distinctly set her apart from the locals of this ever growing city. The fact that everyone else seemed to have long ago become adapted to such heat just further signified her outsider status. Katarina had moved to her home after her husband of 5 years assured her that she would have everything she could possibly want with the move to a much cheaper and higher quality of living city. The signature wrap around porch and beautifully planted garden enticed her enough to agree to such a drastic change, but as her husband was often at work at his construction company and her business as a fashion designer growing past her need to manage it everyday, she found herself idle and bored. 

On top of this boredom, she was already agitated by the lack of sex in her life. Katarina had an overflowing sex drive and it was not being filled by her husband. Not that she blamed him, he worked hard everyday and came home beaten and exhausted by the intense physical labor of working with his men on site. Her love of his rustic energy was at odds with her physical needs though and as she laid upon the couch she could feel every day of the two weeks of sexual absence. Just as she was working up the energy to get up and retire to her bed so as to at least pleasure herself, a knock echoed across the modern furnished home. Katarina sighed, hoping it wasn't the group of church recruiters that had bothered her last week. Smirking, she playfully pounced off the couch, grabbing an elegant silk red robe with lace insets that just screamed heathen... just in case. Quickly tying the robe at her tiny waist, which was neither muscular due to her abhorrence of exercise, or fat due to her natural metabolism- Katarina lazily opened the door, her hip jutting out and her long hands with equally long and pointed fingernails gripping the sides of the frame.

"Oh, hey Katarina... um is your husband home?"

It was her husband's friend, Josh, at the door to her surprise. Since moving here they had made a random group of friends, one of which was an older punk named Josh with cyan blue hair, not quite a mohawk or a fauxhawk, with gauges in his ears and covered in tattoos. Katarina had a clear fascination with Josh, of which her husband was quite aware- as he knew she had a thing for authentic punk men, which Josh most definitely was. 

"Oh hey Josh," Katarina smiled- her pouty lips emphasized with a deep red lipstick. "He isn't here but I am bored and I think you will be the perfect cure for my ailment!"

Josh, with a shrug of his shoulders walked into the living room, "Fine by me, I got nothing to do, I was just going to borrow a saw from Mark." 

At 35 and over six feet, Josh looked masculine but still youthful, and in her clean white home his appearance was at stark contrast to her aesthetic. Wearing a black t-shirt with the sides cut out and bright neon pink jogging shorts, the man was either a fashion designer's worst nightmare or greatest muse. His lack of a job was offset by his apathy for worldly things and the intensity to which he accomplished household chores for those who housed him.

"I just got some gin and whiskey from the store and stocked up on the green if you would like to join me." Katarina tossed her hair back as she walked to the kitchen, she knew that Josh loved his gin and that he would never turn down a smoke session. He followed her into the kitchen, his presence making her already warm body feel even warmer, the two had clear chemistry of which they were both painfully aware. "Well you know I would never turn down hanging out with a beautiful woman and partaking." Josh grinned, taking two rocks glasses off the open shelf of the kitchen and putting them in the ice machine of the fridge. "Put more ice in mine than would seem wise, I am dying in this heat!" Katarina pitched from across the kitchen, completing her hyperbole with the resting of the back of her hand upon her forehead.

Josh did as he was told, and then walking over to the tiny bar cart, poured a generous glass of whiskey for her and a glass of gin for himself before grabbing both bottles. "Let's go to the back porch, that way we can get the most of the breeze."

Katarina relented and opened the side door, walking out into the private backyard. The porch was screened and shaded so she could avoid getting any sun on her pale skin. There were several sitting areas, but Katarina chose a plush cool outdoor lounge chair next to a tiny sunken in pond. She pulled out an intricate wooden box from a side table, which contained a grinder and some large nugs of green, as well as rolling papers. Josh sat next to her on the lounge chair watching as she slowly rolled a perfectly sized joint, her long legs curled up next to her beautifully sized ass and despite the heat, the distinct protrusion of her nipples could be discerned from underneath her silk robe. 

Josh turned a bit away from Katarina, hoping to hide a swelling that was clearly visible in his bright attention grabbing shorts. Katarina was well aware of her impact on men however and as she finished the joint, licking the side to seal it, she suppressed her excitement by her glimpse of his large cock. A size queen for life, she felt her thong become wet with longing and pulled the back of her robe out from under her so the silk would not betray her. 

"As you are a guest, you get the pleasure of the first hit." Katarina handed Josh the joint and lighter that was on the side table, allowing her hand to softly rest in his for a second longer than necessary during the pass off. 

"Thanks," Josh lit the joint and inhaled deeply, then passed it back to her.

Katarina also took a hit, but before blowing out the smoke she grabbed her glass and then breathed the smoke into the ice and whiskey before quickly downing the rest of the drink. 

As they smoked the joint, they talked about politics and other random life events, slowly getting closer to each other on the lounge chair. 

Before they were close enough to touch however, Katarina abruptly slide back and with the lounge chair fully upright, leaned back against the chair swinging her legs out and over Josh's lap.

"I hope you don't mind, but my legs are getting cramped, the curse of long legs I suppose." Katarina smiled mischievously, pouring herself another drink from the bottle. 

"Fine with me but you will have to excuse me then when I take this shirt off, it is way too fucking hot."

Katarina nodded and watched as Josh took his shirt off, revealing the tattoos on his chest, his body was not muscled after an abercrombie model but instead after a man who was well built through life instead of the gym. She jokingly arched her eyebrows and made a low "mmm" noise as he threw his shirt to the side of the chair. 

Josh laughed and then shook his head at her, "If I didn't know any better I would think you are seducing me, which I would be perfectly okay with if I was not friends with your husband." 

Katarina tilted her head to the side, she was not worried about what her husband would think, unlike Josh, she knew that though Mark would be mad, he would get it over as he knew her sexuality was white hot and unserved. 

"Oh, how mean, why would you ever think I would try to do that," Katarina toyed with her sash of her robe as she looked down feigning indignance. 

Josh smiled ruefully at her, taking another sip of his gin while peering over the rim of the glass at her with an intense look that betrayed his desire, along with the growing pressure against her legs which were ideally placed on his lap still. 

"Probably because you are known as a sort of chaotic force to be reckoned with" he responded, allowing his hand to rest on her ankle gently. "What is the figure on your necklace, all I can see is the head?"

Katarina looked down at her necklace which was barely peeking above the fold of her robe in between her modest but delectable cleavage. "Why are you looking at my cleavage, huh?" She taunted playfully, "I doubt Mark would appreciate you checking out his lady!" 

Realizing he had been called out Josh stammered before Katarina cut him off, "But if you must know, it is Kali, the goddess of destruction." With that explanation Katarina pulled the tie from her robe out and opened the front a little more, giving Josh a more full view of her breasts as well as the necklace. She could feel the sudden rush of blood flowing into his huge cock and could tell that he was at least 8 inches with substantial girth. With an arch of an eyebrow and a smirk Katarina let her robe drop aside at her chest, revealing her breasts in full. "Well if you are going to go shirtless in this heat, I should have the privilege as well".

"That... that is not fair" Josh stammered before grabbing her ass with one arm and pulling her onto his lap while gripping her behind her neck with his other hand, letting her silky black hair flow over his arm. 

Katarina let out a breath of surprise, her robe had completely fallen to the sides of her body, and the abrupt motion had knocked several ice cubes out of the glass in her left hand onto the top of her thong. 

"Is this okay," Josh asked as his face moved closer to her own, his hand that had wrapped around her ass was now grabbing one cheek, squeezing it with clear appreciation. 

Instead of answering, Katarina dropped the glass that was in her hand and pulled his face towards her, pushing her lips against his and kissing him, biting his lower lip before pulling a bit away.

Josh picked her whole body up off the chair and before she knew what was happening pushed her against the wall of the house, moving from her neck down with his mouth. Katarina was breathing heavily as he slowly worked his way down to her breasts, her quarter sized pale pink nipples were standing at attention, and her hands were gripping his hair. The robe had completely fallen off. His mouth latched onto her nipple and before releasing it, Josh gave it a slight nip with his teeth, releasing a moan of pleasure from Katarina's mouth and making the juices flow from her cunt with such need that the entirety of her lace thong felt soaked through. 

The ice cubes that had fallen on to her thong had made her mound, which was clean except for a perfect dark landing strip that broke up the pale white skin, cool compared to the rest of her body, but not cool enough to keep her from indulging in this dalliance. Josh was kissing the swell of her breast before craven with desire, Katarina pulled him up by the neck and push his off balance body back on to the lounge chair, straddling him before he had time to react. 

Unlike the careful and meticulous praise that Josh had been in the process of doing to her body, Katarina was an animal. Pulling off his shorts, she took his large cock into her small slender white hands, it was a dark tan and filled her grip much to her pleasure, making her pause for a singular second before making eye contact with Josh and licking the length of his cock. Gripping the base, Katarina wrapped her deep red lips onto the top of his cock, allowing her tongue to brush over his head and go up and down the slit, eliciting a deep groan of pleasure from Josh. 

"Oh fuck", he groaned as she slowly moved down his shaft, sucking in her lips tighter and tighter the further down she went to the base, still moving her tongue around his cock exploring his girth. Finally, reaching the base of his cock- letting the head hit and go back deep into her throat, she thrust her head quickly up and down several times, feeling Josh's hands grip her head in a desperate attempt to control her ravishing of his member. "Fucking hell, slow down!" Josh choked out, but Katarina was in another world, a world of absolute pleasure and sexual energy. 

Taking her hands from the base of his cock she grabbed his hands that were gripping her head and slammed them down to the sides of his body, then with one hand she squeezed his perfectly round firm balls as she thrust up and down his cock with her mouth. When she was sure that continuing this motion would bring Josh to climax before she had her way with him, she let her hand fall to behind his balls, stroking the empty area gently with her fingers. 

Josh let out a snarl before grabbing her head with his hands and pulling her off his cock. Twisting her body around so that her knees were on the chair and her hands were keeping her from falling on her stomach, Josh maneuvered her ass to his cock, ripping her thong clean off her body. "You like my cock huh, you like a big dick?" Josh mumbled aggressively, groaning as he grabbed her perfectly round ass, not too muscular but not overly fat, with dimples meeting the slope of her ass on her back. "It is better than I could have fucking imagined" Josh groaned as he slowly moved the head of his cock back and forth against her dripping cunt lips. Katarina was panting with want, pushing her hips back to try to force his head into her, but meeting his strong resistance. Suddenly, his hands let go of her hips as she was in the midst of pushing her hips back and his cock sunk deeply into her- stretching her tight pussy as it went further and further in. Katarina felt her eyes roll back a little into her head as they automatically shut from the well of pleasure she was experiencing. "So big, keep going!" she begged as he kept going deeper and deeper inside of her. Josh grabbed her long black hair with one hand and her waist with the other, pulling her onto his cock completely and making her arch her back even further to bring her shoulders against his. He then moved his hand from her hair to her breast and started thrusting with such force that she felt her whole body would break in half. Turning her head to meet his lips, he forcefully thrust her onto his cock with each successful balls deep connection, their tongues and moans mingling into each other's throats. 

Katarina felt the swell of an orgasm beginning to form deep inside her body, moving teasingly towards the tip of her clit, as his rough hand twisted her nipple. "DON'T STOP" she cried needlessly loud into his grunting mouth before she felt a surge of pleasure overtake her body and begin to shake and quiver her insides, almost strangling the massive girth of Josh's cock within her. With an animalistic groan, she felt his cock grow even larger, pushing against the restrictive walls of her pussy and filling her with his cum. His hands gripped her body with such force she feared he would leave massive bruising, but knew that if he released her she would surely fall flat on her face, as he continued to gush within her as her walls spasmed around his cock. 

Her body arched back to meet his, his hand gripping her tit while his other hand clutched at her waist, her hands holding on to his neck and their mouths connected. They stayed in this position for what felt like a short eternity after their needs and desire had been met, fully aware of what had just taken place but too afraid to break the moment with reality.

"Katarina....." 

Josh and Katarina lurched upwards with their bodies, his huge cock falling out of her, slick with cum and shrinking from its massive erection. Their heads snapping towards the door where Mark stood looking shocked. 

To be Continued.