 Contemplating meeting Jakob Lapp again makes me very apprehensive.  As a social worker assigned to monitor his child’s educational process in the town’s school system, my first confrontation with him was anything but pleasurable.  He had come into my office to sign paperwork removing his son from school.  In my attempts to find out his reasoning for this act, an argument ensued between us and he left without completing the necessary paperwork.  Now I found myself on the way to his farm to finish the process.  Dealing with the Amish always gives me a headache.  They can be so controlling.

When I arrived at their farm, I could see Mrs. Lapp in the front yard and wondered if it might be easier to deal with her.  Maybe we could connect as women.  As I drove up closer to the house, I saw her take notice of my car and she then headed towards the house.  I quickly turned off the engine and opened the car door calling out to her.

“Mrs. Lapp, wait a minute,” I yelled out to her.

She turned and stopped.  Waiting for me, she set down her garden tools.

“Can I help you?” she asked me.

 “I need to talk to you and your husband about Daniel leaving the school.”

“My husband will talk to you. He is in charge of that decision.  He is in the barn.”

Mrs. Lapp turned and headed into the house.   She had attended the first meeting I had with the Lapps, but did not say anything during the entire time period we met, and at the time I  had thought that unusual.  Amish mothers were usually more in touch with the education of their children, but whatever the issue was, she did not seem to be in agreement with her husband.  I wondered at the time if she even knew Jakob’s reason for pulling Daniel out of school.  I headed in the direction of the barn, hoping I would get somewhere with Jakob today.  As I walked to the barn, I  pondered my decision in joining the educational team in this community.

When I got to the barn, I heard what sounded like someone sawing wood with a manual saw.  I entered the barn, and had to adjust my eyes to the poor lighting that came from a few lit lanterns hanging from beams above my head.  I followed the sounds, and soon came upon Jakob. 

Jakob is a large man, tall and muscular.   His powerful looking build was the result of constant hours of manual labor needed to run and manage his farm of 100 acres.  Similar to those in his community, he always wears drab dark colors and maintains a cropped hair style and full beard, but neatly trimmed.  His hands are noticeably large and rough in appearance. If I was telling a friend about Jakob, I would describe him as an attractive man, but with his unvarying scowl, it was hard to notice any of his better qualities at first glance.  He was very intent in his work, and I had to come within a few feet of him before he heard me call out his name.

“What do you want?” he immediately asked.

“Mr. Lapp, we need to finish the paperwork if you want Daniel to leave the school system, removing him from our rosters.  But before you do, I would like to know why you suddenly feel he has to leave.”

Jakob set down the saw and moved towards me, and for a brief second I felt slightly anxious.  His size overwhelmed me, and his anger was obvious. 
“I do not owe you or the school an explanation.  He is my son, and he will learn with the others in our school,” he said.

“I understand, but I am concerned since you have sent your other children to the public school in the past.  I just wanted to make sure your son was okay.”

My hand instinctively went to his shoulder, my way of reassuring him.  He pulled back, jerking his arm away.  Taking a deep breath, he pointed to the papers and said, “If I sign the papers you will leave my farm right away and leave us alone?”

I promised him I would, but again wished he would let me know what was so wrong.  I explained to him my sole interest was ensuring his son received a good education.

I could see him relax a bit, and I thought for a brief moment I might have finally gotten through to him.  He took the papers from me and said, “I think it’s best for my Daniel to be closer to me.  I am worried about the other boys making him do things he is not ready to do in life.”

“Did something happen at school?”

“Daniel is growing too fast.  He is only 12, and I do not wish for him to be around those who wish to grow up too fast.”

“Mr. Lapp, if the boys have been doing something they shouldn’t, I should know.  If others could get into trouble, or hurt, I must know.”

He shot me an apprehensive glance, and said, “The boys in the school have been out here with my Daniel, smoking, and, and…”

“Mr. Lapp, all boys that age attempt to smoke.  I hardly think that is reason enough to take your Daniel out of school.”

“The boys are not good boys, and they do not need to be with my Daniel.  I do not like that they teach him to waste his seed. Now you must go. I have said enough.”  He pointed towards the door, urging me to use it.

The light went on.  He had caught them masturbating.  I wasn’t sure how to continue the discussion with an Amish man, so I thanked him for his time, and headed back to my car.  Driving back towards town, and rethinking the dialog that had just transpired, I realized that I had forgotten to get the papers back from Jakob.  God, that man aggravated me.

Sitting at my desk later that day, I tried to put Jakob and his backward way of thinking out of my head, although I found myself chuckling, almost out loud.  What must he have said to those poor boys when he caught them in the act?  And poor Daniel, being informed it was “bad” thing to do.  Then my mind started wandering in a different direction, I wondered if Jakob did not practice the art of masturbation.  This then lead to my thinking about how Jakob might be in the sack.  Was sex just an act for procreation, or did he take it past this?  Was it a quick in and out, like a duty that had to be performed?  The Amish men were definitely not thought of as overactive sexual creatures to those outside their community.     

Although Jakob aggravated me, I fantasized what it might be like to have those arms and legs wrapped around me.  I needed to get these thoughts out of my head. But the more I tried, the more I thought about sex with Jakob. I was getting excited thinking about it. Good grief, Jakob could barely make eye contact with me, as if he feared seeing something he shouldn’t, and I was now focused in getting into his overalls.

I began to daydream about Jakob.  Perhaps I would walk into the dimly lit barn, finding him working with his hands on a piece of farm machinery.  I would move slowly towards him, circling him as I talked to him, like an animal stalking their prey, making him follow each movement.  I’d wear that cute blue dress I have that buttons all the way down the front.  I’d leave a few buttons undone, enough so that as I bent over to pick up something I might drop, my breasts would be exposed for his viewing.  I’d make every attempt to get as close as possible, perhaps trying an attempt to lightly brush up against him with one of my breasts.  Our eyes might meet for a fleeting second, but in that time, I would send out the message that I was like an animal in heat, and that I wanted him sexually.  I wanted to show Jakob he could not always be in control. I suddenly felt the need to return to the Lapp farm.

The following week, after I had plenty of time to think about my sexual quest for Jakob, I headed back to the Lapp farm, but Daniel was not my main focus.  Before leaving the car, I closed the top buttons on my blue dress.  After a brief exchange with Mrs. Lapp, she told me I could again find Jakob in the barn.  I’m sure Mrs. Lapp trusted her husband with an outsider.  I headed in the direction of the barn, and as I walked the distance, I unbuttoned my top dress buttons.  The dress was sheer, which would allow Jakob a peek at my hardening nipples. 

As I entered the barn, I could see Jakob in the distance through the poor lighting.  He was moving hay bales from one area to another.  I licked my lips, and called out his name.

He moved towards me and held out the papers I had forgotten.

“You have come for these,” he said.

“Yes, I forgot them the other day. I apologize.”

“That is okay,” he said, looking right at me.  “I am sorry I was rude to you.  It was wrong.”  

I looked back at him in bewilderment.  Was this the same man that aggravated me the other day?  As I put out my hand to take the paper, he placed the papers in my hand, but made no attempt to avoid touching my hand with his as he did.  I took the papers, and thanked him.

He then said, “You must understand how I feel about my son.”  He motioned for me to sit on one of the hay bales. “He is a young boy who needs to understand how to pick his friends.  I do not like the boys he was with.  I know young boys smoke.  I did when I was his age too.  But I am not tolerant of him wasting his seed in the presence of others.”

As I listened to Jakob discuss his son, I began to imagine him masturbating, by himself here in the barn.  Being alone with him was turning me on.  I knew my panties were becoming damp as the excitement built.  What was it about him that excited me so?  Was it because he was forbidden to me, because I was an outsider to his community? Or was it my attempt to be the one in control in this unusual relationship?

“Do you now understand my reasoning?” he asked me, bringing me back to our discussion.

I looked at Jakob and smiled.  As I began my answer, I bent down to remove a piece of hay that was now pushing into my shoe, and with my head tilted up, looking straight ahead,  my breasts were in full view for Jakob.  His eyes moved to see my breasts as I had fantasized.  What I did not consider was the next move that Jakob made.

He moved close to me and reached down to assist me remove the few stray pieces of hay that had been caught in my shoes.  It was obvious his hands made an effort to touch mine again.  As we made skin contact, I felt a surge of sexual energy pass through me.  As he stooped in front of me, our eyes were now level, and he seemed to look right through me.  

“Let me help you,” he offered.

“I should have worn other shoes,” I said looking back at him.

His hand then went to the top of my thigh, and as it did, I found myself moving my legs further apart.  I thought I could smell the heat of my own sex.  

“Mr. Lapp.”  

This was all I could utter before he moved closer to me, and with his face inches from mine he said, “If you wish to have relations with me, tell me.  I may be what you English call ‘a simple and plain’ man, but I am not stupid.  I am a man.  I know when a woman is in heat, and filled with desire.”

I could feel the heat of his breath on my face, and his eyes burned with a primal look of lust.  If I didn’t want him as much as he now wanted me, I might have been afraid of him, but I found his ongoing control to be intoxicating.

“I want you Jakob.”  This was the first time I had called him his given name.

He moved his hand up my thigh.  I leaned back into the pile of hay that was behind me, enough to allow him more room to explore my sex.  His hand went to the edge of my panties, lifted it, and moving his hand right into my slit, he found my wetness there to greet him.  

“You are wet, with lust,” he said.

“Yes Jakob.  I am wet because I want to feel you inside of me.”  

I put my hand down next to his, and pushing his hand aside slightly, I gathered to my fingers my own wetness.  I brought my fingers to his lips, tracing a finger across his bottom lip.  Slowly I inserted a finger in his mouth. 

“Taste me Jakob.  Taste how much I want you.”

I was not sure if Jakob had ever tasted a woman’s pussy before, but he did not hesitate to taste mine.  He moved his hand further under my panties, pushing into my pussy.  Moving them in and out, he finally removed them and again tasted my juices.  Jakob was becoming more turned on, which added to my own excitement.

He moved closer to me, and as he did, I moved to him, making an attempt to kiss him.  His mouth came down on mine, hard, and his tongue parted my lips.  Jakob was filled with want and desire.   He was like an animal, his mouth crushing down harder with each breath he took.  I was not sure at this point if he was filled with spontaneous lust or a growing sexual frenzy.  I wanted to cum.  I needed to cum with him.  His power and control of the situation was overwhelming to me.  I needed to be fucked, hard and fast.  I was becoming like an animal myself.  

“Fuck me Jakob, please fuck me.”  I was begging.  I moved my hips to remove my panties,  Jakob was pulling open my dress aside now searching out my breasts.  Our movements were frantic, and we both were now breathing in pants.  As his mouth met my nipple, I could feel his harsh sucking immediately.  I felt I was nearing a climax.  The feeling of needing to be fucked was overpowering.  Our moaning seemed to bounce off the walls of the barn.

“Jakob, please fuck me.  Oh God please fuck me.”

My nipple was hard and I could feel pain as he sucked harder and harder.  I needed him in me. I wanted him to penetrate me. I wanted him to fuck me like an animal.  I reached for his cock, and could grab it easily through his pants.  My other hand pulled at his suspenders, attempting to move them down.  He then pushed away, and began taking his pants off.  I pulled my dress off, and sat facing him in nothing but my bra now dangling from my shoulders.

He pulled me to my feet, and guided me towards a bale of hay.  He picked up an old blanket off the floor, and threw it over the hay bale.  He grabbed my arms and positioned me to face the bale.  

“I want to fuck you too,” he said.    

Hearing Jakob tell me he wanted to fuck me was such a turn on in itself.  It was not so much the word, but knowing he should not even be looking at me with lustful eyes was all the more enticing.  I leaned into the bale and could feel him move into me.  I could feel him position his cock, and in no time, he was pushing deep in me.  His breathing was coming in pants and I could hear him hold his breath every so often followed with grunting noises.  He was thrusting deeper in me, and as he did, I moved to open my legs as wide as I could, while pushing my pelvis out to meet his.  As his hands pulled my hips hard into him, he moved into me deeper and deeper.

“Ohhhhhh Jakob, harder, harder.  Pleeease fuck my pussy harder.”  

I begged, my own words and moaning becoming louder, hopefully driving him to take me even harder.  I began to feel the rush of the climax race through me, and as I did, I could only yell out to Jakob to fuck me harder and harder.  I felt like my pussy was on fire and I had no control over the spasms that moved through me.  My legs felt like they could not hold me any longer with all the trembling I was doing.

Before long, I could hear Jakob emit animalistic cries of pleasure.  His mouth came down on my back, and he began sucking on my skin.  I could feel his own trembling as he pushed into me.  He reached around and cupped my breast, and massaged it, as his climax seemed to wane.  I tightened my wet walls around his cock, squeezing every drop of cum from him.  

His cum and my own wetness were dripping from him as he pulled out of me.  He pulled me up, and I moved to face him.  There was a look of passion in his eyes, which had replaced all the previous anger I saw.  His mouth again met mine, and his kissing was gentler, although the urgency of needing to kiss me was there.

He pulled me into his arms, and we stood holding each other for a few minutes.  

For an act that was so wrong for us to do, we both knew it was right. It felt right, not like a sin.  Our mutual enthusiasm for ensuring the best for his son came together in one explosion of excitement for each other. 

After we both had dressed and I was leaving, with the papers in my hand, Jakob said to me, “I think we should meet again to discuss Daniel’s education. And soon.”

I looked at Jakob and asked him, “Are you sure this is what you want?”

He smiled slightly, and simply said, “Yes.”

I looked at Jakob, and for the first time I saw a man who was not so simple, or plain, but rather a complex individual who I wanted to explore more, and get to know better.  Making it feel right was the fact that he wanted the same from me.  As I walked back to the car, I began thinking about our next meeting.

I would return to the farm, and Mrs. Lapp would tell me Jakob was down in the barn, and as I walked down to see him, I felt the cool breeze blow up my dress, which always felt so exciting, especially when I was not wearing panties…