 It was Sunday night and like all unattached single men it was time to do my laundry. Lucky for me my apartment building had a laundry room. The only clean cloths that I had to wear were an old pair of sweat paints and old t-shirt. . When I was finished pulling on the sweatpants, I noticed they were a very tight fit. My newly upgraded equipment did not comfortably fit. To make more room I moved my cock shaft down the right leg of my sweat pants. 

I arrived at the laundry room to find no one there and one open washing machine. Like most guys I only need one. I tossed my clothing into the open washing machine whites, darks and all.

With nothing better to do I sat down in a chair in the laundry room and started to read the newspaper. I heard one of the dryers shut down, and like clock work a girl enters the laundry room and starts to unload the dryer. Wow she looks very hot. She looks to be about 25 years old with blond hair and blue eyes and she also has a huge rack. I think she had some work done on these babies because she has on a t-shit, no bra and the twins have no droop in them at all. 

She starts to fold her clothes on a table facing me. I tell her hello. She looks up at me and gives a bitchy hello. 

I continue to read my paper but I note she seems to be staring at me. More pointedly she’s staring at the bulge in my pants. Then she asks me, “What do you have stuffed in those pants?” 

I reply with a sly grin “Just me, sweetheart.” 

She looks at me skeptically. “I have seen guy put socks down their shorts to make it look bigger, but you look too big to be real.”

“Oh it’s real.” I tell her. “You should see it when I’m hard.” 

She rolled her eyes as she walked up to me. I could hear her mutter bullshit under her breath. She’s standing in front of me now and boldly takes hold of my cock through my sweat pants. Using both of her hands she checks out my cock running her hands along my shaft over and over. I saw a naughty glint in her eye as she said, “Wow it is real. Real huge and you are still soft.” 

“I won’t be soft for long if you keep using your hands like that.” I said. She then told me that her name was Wendy and invited me up to her apartment when I was done with my laundry. I completed my laundry as quickly I could. It was hard to keep my mind on folding clothes and off Wendy’s hot body.

I returned to my apartment and changed into some nicer clothing and headed to Wendy’s apartment. Wendy greeted me at the door. She was in the same outfit she had on in the laundry room. She led me to her couch and offered me a beer. I tell her “Thanks a beer would taste great.” We sit on the couch sipping beer and start chatting about jobs and families. She tells me she is 27 years old and she works as a lawyer. We joke about her calling me out in the laundry room. I tell her that her boobs look at bit too good to be totally real. 

“They are real. Real expensive” she tells me. We laugh and then she explains to me that her mom bought her the boob job when she graduated from law school. She gets up and removes her t-shirt, proudly putting them on display for me.

“What do you think of them?” 

I tell her that her breasts are by far the best I have ever seen. I ask her if I could touch them. “Yes please.” I can almost hear the begging in her voice. I slowly massage her huge breasts, her nipples get hard and I start to suck on her erect nipples. Wendy seems to like her huge boobs sucked. Each tiny my tongue laps over the stiff nipple I hear her whimper with pleasure. 

She’s anxious for the show to get on the road, I can tell. No sooner did I really start getting into sucking and rubbing her tits, she pulled me away, and looked down at my pants. “I showed you mine and it’s time for you to show me yours.”

I slowly remove my clothing leaving my pants for last. Impatient, Wendy then comes over to me to help me finish the job. She drops to her knees to unhook my belt and pants. Once that’s done she yanks them down around my ankles. I’m standing in front of her in just my boxers. I can see her eyes grow wide and I know she’s staring at my cock through my boxers. 

Wendy pulls off my boxer shorts and my now hard cock flips up and hits her on her chin. 

“Wow your cock is huge.”

Wendy starts to stroke my cock using both hands and at the same time sucking on the head. I’m having a hard time not shooting a huge load of cum down Wendy’s throat. Wendy then asked me, “How would you like to tit fuck me.” I tell her that sounds like fun. 

Wendy leads me to her bedroom and then reaches into her draw for some baby oil. She then lies on her back in bed. I kneel over her placing my huge erection between her massive breasts. Wendy then uses to baby oil on my cock and her tits. She squeezes her huge breasts together around my cock. I start to pump my cock and it feels great. After about 10 minutes of tit fuck, I shoot a huge load of cum all over Wendy’s face. 

I tell Wendy that she was great and how about a little 69. I lay on my back and then Wendy sits on my face facing my cock. I start to lick her shaved pussy. She seems to like what I’m doing and she starts to stroke my semi hard cock hand over hand. I feel Wendy’s warm lips slide over the head of my now rock hard cock. Inch by inch she slides more of my cock down her throat. 

The more I suck and lick at her pussy, the louder she moans and the more she gets into swallowing my huge cock. Her hips buck and gyrate and I can feel her lips slide up and down, making me harder and harder. 

I reach down to feel how much of my cock is left and fine no more than a handful. I feel Wendy about to cum. That’s when I slide a finger inside her pussy. She lets out a moan. Wendy sits up and starts to pump my huge cock in her small hands as I continue to lick and suck her clit and we both cum explosively. Wendy holds onto my cock as cum shoots from it like a fire hose. 

We both lay on the bed worn out from our session. Wendy tells me “Your cock was the first I could not take to the root. How long is that thing any way?”

“It’s about 12 inches long give or take an inch or so.” 

“I must know the exact measurement. Would you mind if I measured you?” Wendy pulls out a tape measure out of her dresser drawer. My cock started to get very hard at the thought of Wendy wanting to measure it. 

Measuring along the topside she stretched out the tape measure then stated, “12 7/8 inches long.” Wendy tells me “You are by far the biggest guy I have ever been with. The next biggest guy I measured at 10 inches long.” 

Wendy reached into dresser drawer and pulled out XL condom. I think to myself that she has everything in the world in that drawer. She looks at me with desperation in her eyes. “I need that big thing in me, now.” 

Wendy takes the XL condom and unrolls it down my rock hard member. She lies on the back and spreads her legs wide. I insert the head of my cock into her pussy. Because she’s already wet, it slips right in no problem. She moans with delight, egging me on. “I want that big cock in my pussy! Give it to me good, baby!” 

Slowly I work more and more of my cock to her very tight pussy. I hit bottom with about two inches left. Using long deep strokes I drive my huge cock into her pussy. Despite her earlier begging for me to drive it all in, it’s too big and she says, “Not so deep you’re hurting me.” 

So I ease up a bit and she’s moaning with pleasure again. “That’s better” 

I try not to hit the bottom of her pussy so hard, despite how quick I’m sliding in and out of her. Wendy starts to cum and I feel her pussy getting tighter, making me want to come faster. She’s writhing against my cock and screaming “Oh my! Oh! Oh my God!”

I feel my cock get bigger and harder so I pull out and take off the condom and shoot cum all over Wendy’s huge breasts. We lay on the bed sweating from our session. Wendy tells me “You’re amazing. I’m going to walk like a cowboy for a week. But it was worth it.” 

I tell her I have to go to work in the morning and I will see her next laundry day. She winks at me. “Count on it.” 

The next morning I return to work and the first person to greet me is Jen the sexy intern. She asks me “How was your Vacation” I tell her with a coy smile “It was very good!”

I see Jen staring at the bulge in my pants. She look back up to my face and tells me “You did it. You used the formula on yourself” She reaches down a grabs my cock through my pants. Jen tells me “Wow it really worked.” With a sexy smile she tells me “I’m going to have to put you through a complete exam”.

End of chapter 2. Special thank to Shelby for all her help.