 "We need to talk. Come to the house at 7:00."

The text message I got from Sherry after not having heard from her for three days made me gulp. We hadn't seen each other all week. That was unprecedented for us. Ever since our trysts at the ski resort we couldn't keep our hands off each other. Sherry's beautiful body—amazingly youthful at 34—felt wonderful in my arms each time after we made love.

And that was the main difference. It was no longer just fucking. Granted, our sessions often did devolve into pure, animalistic, hard-banging fuck-fests. And by God those were great! Sherry was experienced and at her sexual peak. She coaxed some mind-blowing orgasms out of me. But as our relationship evolved, I found that the sex was more like lovemaking. I found myself feeling more than just lust for Sherry, and instead of running away from that, I embraced it. That just made the sex even better.  

As we became regulars at each other's places—particularly me at hers—we started to bring and leave behind items that revealed the long-term outlook on our relationship: toiletries, a change of clothes for work and one for a casual weekend, and even some candles that Sherry said would make my bedroom a more romantic place to make love. (Even she used those words). We started doing things together that did not involve sex: ball games, meeting friends for bowling, spending a day at the water park—although it was difficult not to think about sex when I got to see Sherry wear a figure-flattering bikini for six hours. We talked a lot, and in case I was not already aware of her intellectual side, it became clear that we were on a similar plane.

But last week I jeopardized all of that when I banged her amazingly hot eighteen-year-old daughter. It was the culmination of weeks of slowly escalating seduction that I could no longer ignore. Anna was as beautiful as her mother, but naturally had a tighter, thinner body. Even her pussy was significantly tighter. Her youthful exuberance made up for her lack of experience in bed.

I felt proud like an alpha-male, and guilty at the same time. Sherry might as well be my steady girlfriend, and I had just cheated on her with her daughter. But Anna said she was going to float an idea by her mother: something that would not only allow us to hump again but also remedy the need to keep it a secret. I thought that if she can pull off that impossible stunt, then I would make sure she was appropriately rewarded, no matter what I had to do.

Then came the ominous text message.

"Everything OK?" I texted back.

"Eat dinner first" was all I got in reply.

I feared the worst. Did Anna tell Sherry that we had sex? They were as close as a mother and daughter could be. They told each other everything. How would Sherry react? Were we through? It would be a shame. We were really starting to click, and I fucked it up. But I suppose it was inevitable. There was no way I could resist Anna's advances.

I drove to Sherry and Anna's house, not knowing exactly what to expect, but ready to possibly walk out with my tail between my legs. Or maybe neutered. Sherry greeted me at the door. Even in a casual but tight-fitting tank top and capri pants, with her dirty blonde hair tied up in a pony tail, she was still gorgeous to me.

"Hi baby," she said calmly before planting a kiss on my lips. That was a good sign. "C'mon in."

She led me into the kitchen and I sat on one of the bar stools overlooking the sink. There was no sign of Anna. Sherry made two iced teas as we exchanged small talk about how our weeks had been. But I couldn't wait.

"Sherry, what did you really want to talk about?"

She sighed. "Will, I've had a great time with you these past couple months."

Uh oh. That's the beginning of the end, I thought. "But...." I prodded her.

"No, wait. There is no 'but.' We are amazing together, and I've started to have some pretty strong feelings for you. I'm not sure what it is yet, but I know it's more than just lust. I didn't think we would last this long, given how we started." Sherry paused, glancing away. Then she looked back up at me, her big blue eyes looking straight into mine with a sincerity that I couldn't possibly doubt. "And I don't ever want this to end."

I walked around the counter to where Sherry was standing and wrapped my arms tightly around her. Immediately our lips found each other and we engaged in one of the most sensuous kisses we had ever been involved in.

Our lips separated with a smack. "You had me worried," I said.

"I'm not alone, am I?" she asked.

"No, baby," I confirmed. We kissed again and kept hold of each other for a moment more. I wondered how the issue of my screwing Anna had been left out.

"But there's more," Sherry finally said, "And it gets a little sticky here."

And there it is. I thought. It was too good to be true.

Sherry and I sat down on the bar stools as she began to explain.

"Anna is everything to me. Always has been. Doing right by her was how I made up for all the mistakes I made in my early teens. We're not just mother-daughter: We're best friends. And it's always been just the two of us here. No long-term boyfriends for either of us to deal with. Well, except for Jack," she said, referring to her ex-husband of only two years. Anna never got along with him, which is one of the main reasons Sherry gave for the marriage failing. It was obvious that if forced to choose between Anna and a guy, Sherry would always choose her daughter.

"And now I have you," Sherry continued, "And Anna seems to really like you."

"Well I'm glad. I really like her," I said, trying not to admit more than I had to.

"No, Will. She really likes you." I looked at her, confused. "I'll explain.

"When she started high school we were still doing everything together and trusting each other with everything. But soon I saw her going down the same slippery slope that I did. I caught her with a joint when she was fourteen, and the next year she told me about losing her virginity. I started to worry that the cycle was going to repeat itself, so I sat her down and told her all the details about my life that I had glossed over.

"I told her all the stupid things I did when I was her age, all the stupid guys I did, and how she came to be. I told her about her father. I thought he was a great guy simply because he gave me attention and made me feel loved. But he turned out to be an asshole. Once he accomplished his goal of sleeping with me he started to mistreat me. And a baby was certainly not in his plans, so he deserted me when I needed him most.

"Anna and I had some serious talks, some of which lead to serious arguments. But in the end she got the picture. I was able to teach her to have respect for herself. She had the wherewithal to straighten herself out before anything bad happened. She had the occasional boyfriend, but nothing too serious, and as far as I can tell, she hasn't slept with anyone since she was sixteen. She just graduated with honors, and I'm so proud of her."

"As well you should be," I said. "And proud of yourself. You've overcome huge obstacles and raised a lovely young woman."

"Thank you," Sherry said, smiling. That smile of hers did it for me every time. I was locked onto her.

She continued. "I was afraid of what might happen if I introduced a complication into our wonderful relationship that we had worked so hard on."

"Complication?" I asked.

"You," she said. "But Anna has latched onto you more than I had ever hoped. I'm sure you've noticed her flirting with you."

"Umm...I, uh...Well, yeah," I admitted.

"Don't worry, it's OK." Sherry said. "I've seen the way you look at her, too." She looked over her right shoulder, out the window toward the pool. "She's gorgeous, isn't she?"

I followed her gaze, and for the first time that evening I noticed Anna. She was sunbathing face-up on a lounge chair. Topless. Her C-cup breasts seemed to stand out from her otherwise slim figure like two perfectly round grapefruits. The nipples were each tit's crown. Her skin shimmered with a thin layer of sweat. She apparently didn't know I was there. My cock twitched and began a slow ascent that I was powerless to stop.

The rest of Anna's curves were on full display. She wore only a red bikini bottom whose strings were so thin as to allow sunlight to dance around them. There was barely enough fabric to cover her pussy, and I could only imagine how much of her tight yet round ass was exposed. Perhaps it was a thong. The thought made my cock accelerate toward erection. As if the rest of her wasn't enticing enough, it was her heavenly ass that made me lose control the other day.

"Will?" Sherry asked.

"Huh?" I said, snapping back to attention. I realized that I had been staring.

"Don't you think she's gorgeous?" Sherry repeated.

"Umm, yeah," I confirmed. "Like mother, like daughter."

"Thanks! It's one of the things I'm so proud of. She attracts a lot of guys with her appearance, but a lot of them aren't so good. She's been able to stay on the straight and narrow in the last couple years, but I know she's been getting antsy. When she sees a cute guy she wants to do him just like any teenage girl. Just like I do.

"I asked her about this and she told me that yes, she was going to start having sex again. It's inevitable, I suppose, especially since she'll be heading off to college in a few months. She named a couple guys that she had in mind, but I know them: One's a Beavis and the other is a Butthead. I don't want to see her satisfy her urges with the first asshole that pretends to care for her."

"I agree," I said.

"Which brings me to you."

"Me?"

"Yeah, you really like her, right? I mean, you care about her."

"Yeah, of course. She's a really great girl."

"Well, she totally has the hots for you." I acted stunned. Of course, I already knew this, but it was quite a step forward for Sherry to tell me about it. I looked out the window again and saw that Anna had started to move toward the pool. The red scrap around her hips was indeed a thong. Her pert breasts jiggled a tiny bit with each step. She dove in, then surfaced in the shallow end. She stood up and slicked her golden blonde hair back, revealing her shimmering breasts, broad shoulders, and perfectly curved waist. It reminded me of last week.

"I've seen you two together," Sherry continued. I hoped to God she didn't mean that she saw us last week. "She comes on to you and I know you look, but you don't give in. You just seem to get along with her so well."

"Well I'm kinda banging her mom," I said in a false whisper, "And I really don't want to mess things up with her."

Sherry giggled. "Well, we talked and we agreed that if she was going to start having sex again, it should be with someone who respects her and will treat her right." Sherry placed a hand on my thigh and stared straight into my eyes. "Someone we can both trust. Someone who has the experience to make it fantastic."

I couldn't believe what she was implying.

"Wait, do you mean...?"

"You, Will." Sherry confirmed it. I couldn't believe my ears. My love goddess Sherry wanted me to have sex with her smokin' hot teenage daughter.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, Anna and I discussed it a few nights ago."

"But you and I....We have such a great thing going. I don't want to—"

"Don't worry," Sherry interjected. "I won't let this change us. You're my guy. Just consider this a favor to Anna and me."

I looked back at Anna again. She was lifting herself out of the pool facing away, so I got an excellent view of her dripping wet butt. I wanted to take that perfect cheerleader ass in my hands and squeeze hard. I wanted to rub my face on those luscious cheeks and lick her pussy from behind.

But I hesitated. I needed to be one hundred percent certain that this was what Sherry wanted me to do, and not a trap.

"Don't you want to?" Sherry asked. "Look at that nice tight body." Anna arched her back and stuck out her butt while she squeegeed her hair. That same pose last week nearly made me cum in the pool just watching. It was having a similar effect on me now: my cock was as hard as it had ever been, standing straight up in my pants.

"Oh, I want to alright," I heartily confirmed. "I just...."

"Please, Will? I know you'll be good to her. She's on the pill and there aren't any health issues to worry about."

"And she wants to?" I asked.

"Oh, yes. Trust me, Will. She wants your ass bad!"

"Can I enjoy it? I mean, you make it sound like a job, but..."

"Of course you can enjoy it, you moron! How could you not?" Sherry gave me a playful slap. "Have a wild, incredible fuck. It'll be better for both of you that way." A mischievous grin formed on Sherry's lips. "Just don't enjoy it too much. I'm still gonna need my regular fix of Willlie's willy."

I laughed nervously as I looked back out the window. Anna was toweling herself off. She put one leg up on a patio chair to rub between her legs, then she wrapped the small towel around her waist. The ends barely connected on her left hip. She started walking toward the house, her breasts bouncing happily with each step.

"So whaddya say?" Sherry asked again, her head cocked down, looking up at me. She knew very well what I would say.

"OK, yeah," I agreed, finally allowing myself to smile.

"Thank you!" Sherry said as she collapsed into my arms for a kiss. She then went to open the door for Anna.

"Hi Mom," Anna said as she stepped inside. She made no effort to cover her naked torso.

"Hi baby. Will's here."

Anna saw me and gasped. She quickly crossed her chest with her arms. "I'm sorry, I didn't know—"

"It's OK," Sherry interrupted. "We talked. You know, about our agreement from a few days ago?"

Anna's face went from frightened to smiling in anticipation. "And what did he say?"

"He's on board."

"Really?" Anna said. She playfully and innocently squeezed her boobs and bent her head down to rest her chin on her hands.

"Hey you," I said, motioning for Anna to take my hands. She did this, releasing her still damp breasts and walking toward me. She guided my hands around her waist so that my fingertips were resting on the top of her butt cheeks. I easily dislodged the towel, reached down, and squeezed. We pressed our bodies together while we looked into each other's smiling eyes. I could feel my massive hard-on between our pelvises.

"Ooh, you're all ready to go, aren't you?" Anna said coyly. "Were you checking me out?"

"I cannot tell a lie," I said. "The view was pretty amazing."

"You kids have fun," Sherry said. "I'm going to the store for an hour. Play nice."

"Thanks Mom!" Anna said, smiling broader than I had ever seen her smile.

"Anything for my baby girl." Sherry picked up a set of keys and a purse, and headed out the back of the kitchen toward the garage. Anna was already pulling at my clothes while our lips locked together. It was a difficult combination, but I helped.

"Did you like how I did that?" she asked between kisses.

"Did what?"

"This whole thing. Mom wants us to have sex, but she still wants to date you."

"That was your idea?" I asked as my shirt came off.

"Yeah, I led her into it. The part about me wanting to have sex again was true. But I made up the part about the idiots I was going to do it with. Then I talked about how lucky she was to have a great guy like you, and how I wished I could do it with someone like you."

"And then this idea of me as a double lover came to both of you."

"You got it, stud!" Anna yanked down my pants and underwear in one motion. My engorged cock sprung free. It stood at attention.

"Oh my God," Anna said. She grabbed it immediately. "It's so big and hard!"

"All the better to fuck you with, my dear," I said. "You are truly amazing to invent and orchestrate this scheme."

"I'm full of surprises." Anna kissed me again.

"You'll be full of me pretty soon," I said as I helped her out of her thong. We were now fully naked in front of each other.

The next few minutes was a flurry of lustful kissing and groping all over each other's bodies. My hands spent most of their time alternating between her tits and her ass. Sometimes I had one hand on each, vigorously squeezing and kneading. Anna's hands stayed busy rubbing my chest, grabbing my butt, cupping my balls, and jerking me off. Anna nuzzled her face in my chest between kisses, and I got to smell her fruity-scented hair.

Before long I turned my attention toward her labia. I snuck one finger between her soft, moist and swollen pussy lips. She inhaled sharply as my fingertip moved over her clit. Allowing another finger to join the first, I continued to rub her clit up and down, then in a circle. Anna began panting and spread her legs a bit to allow me easier access. My other hand was flicking one of her nipples, but after a minute or so I wanted to put more pressure on her clit, so I let my tongue take over on her nipple and moved my other hand down to her butt.

Anna shrieked at the intense pressure I put on her clit. "Too much, baby."

"Sorry. Did that hurt?"

"No, it was just...too intense."

I took this as a sign of encouragement and continued my assault on her clit while she continued to jerk me off. She was getting more and more moist by the minute. I had her grunting in high pitches by the time I decided to move my fingers down an inch and play with her hole. I rubbed gently around the rim, causing Anna's panting to become somewhat irregular. I looked at her face and saw her intensely concentrating on the sensations I was sending through her: eyes closed, brow furrowed, mouth open, pretty little lips parting wide enough to show her front teeth.

Her legs began to quiver, so I backed her up to the couch and laid her down. She spread her legs wide, allowing me full access to her pussy. The hand that was not busy exploring down there grabbed hold of a breast and resumed flicking the nipple. After teasing the entrance to her hole for another minute, I pushed a finger in as far as it would go. She was still so tight! I had to coax her body to secrete more lubrication before I could even think about fucking her. I pushed in a second finger and began flicking them in opposite directions against the front wall of her vagina.

"Oh my GOD!!" Anna shrieked. Then more wordless shrieks as her hips started bucking. I started moving my fingers in and out of her pussy while my fingertips flicked the inside. Finally her hips became elevated and stayed there. Her head was on the couch and feet on the floor, and that was all that was holding her up. I felt her pussy clench around my fingers as she let out a single, long wail. Then her hips returned to bucking and her voice regained its rhythmic grunting as she slowly came down from her climax.

"Oh my God. Holy shit, Will."

"D'ja like that?"

Anna nodded breathlessly. After another minute to recover, she finally said, "Now are you gonna just stand there, or are you gonna fuck the daylights out of me?"

I didn't respond.

"Will?"

"Hold on, I'm thinking."

"You shithead!" I laughed and Anna yanked at my dick. It was still standing up at attention, as hard as it had ever been. Anna was slouched back on the couch with legs still spread wide and raised in the air. I was kneeling in front of her. She guided my cock toward her pussy.

Click! I thought to myself, taking a mental picture. I wanted to remember this sight: gorgeous, naked Anna, spread eagle and anxiously awaiting for my cock—now positioned at the entrance to her hole—to plunge into her depths. I grabbed both of her tits and she grabbed both of my butt cheeks, pulling me in. My cock slid into her pussy slowly, inch by tight inch. She was sufficiently lubed up by now, but halfway in I had to push harder to go the rest of the way. God, she was so tight! I saw my cock disappear entirely inside of her vagina. Her pussy lips gripped the base of my cock, just barely allowing its girth to pass through and no more. I pushed a little more and found an extra half inch to slide inside. Another shriek from Anna indicated that I had truly bottomed out. My balls pressed against her butt while her labia pressed against my pelvis. I could not possibly be deeper inside her.
