 During the Christmas break my parents decided that we'd all enjoy a week in the country. I could have given them an argument on that but it wouldn't have done me much good, so I kept my mouth shut. Thus it was that post-Christmas I found myself visiting my beloved sister and her husband at their farm in the middle of nowhere.

Still, there was one bright spot to it. My brother-in-law had a sister, Diana, and she was also visiting. She was twenty, give or take a year. I've never been exactly sure but my impression was that she was just a little younger than me. She was also blonde, with a pleasing personality, and a very pleasing face and figure. 

Typical male, I got quite a few kicks out of teasing her. She was always just a trifle slow catching on to sexual innuendo, only to start blushing a minute or so later when the innuendo sank in. This surprised me a little because the chances of her being a virgin I rated as somewhere between slim and none.

Still and all, the holiday wasn't too bad. There always seemed to be something to do and there were several places within walking range if I wanted to go visit the neighbours.

One morning I was up earlier than usual. Stuffed if I know what woke me but, seeing it was already hot, I decided to shower and dress, rather than loaf in the bed. Mind you, if it had been cold I'd have stayed right there until pried out.

I wandered down to the bathroom and, just as I reached it, the door opened and Diana was standing there. She had obviously just had a shower and she was wearing a thin dressing gown that was clinging to her in all the right places. It wasn't done up, I noticed (naturally, lecher that I am), and Diana was holding it closed with one hand clutching the sides together.

Now the polite thing to do would be to step aside and allow her to go on her way. That's not what I did. I ran my eyes over her, while she slowly blushed. If that wasn't bad enough, I reached over and gently pulled her hand away from where she was clutching the gown closed, opening the gown wide while I did so.

I had suspected that she was naked under that gown and was delighted to find my suspicions were accurate. She was a fine and tasty dish. Her breasts, white and tipped with pink, stood out proudly, young and healthy and shapely and a magnet for male eyes.  

I let my eyes drift down, noting that she had a belly button piercing and that she was apparently in the habit of shaving certain areas. I was terribly tempted to check and see if she felt as smooth as she looked but wiser councils prevailed.

"Very, very, nice," I said softly, as I drew her gown closed again. "Very soon I'm going to see you like that again, at a time when we have more privacy. Then I'm going to see if you taste as good as you look."

She just gave me a nasty look and fled, blushing fiercely, and I sauntered into the bathroom. I suppose I could have tried to make a pass right then, she'd been at a hell of a disadvantage, after all, but it seemed to me that it would be rushing things. Besides, with the whole household in the process of waking up, we might have been interrupted at an inopportune moment.

Diana shot through shortly after breakfast and I didn't think anything of it. I just assumed that she'd gone to visit one of the neighbours. Did I mention that her parents were also staying for the week? They were. Early in the afternoon Diana's mother came up to me.

"Mike, Diana's gone over to the Fortescue's place and she seems to have forgotten that we're visiting the salon this afternoon. I tried ringing but no-one is answering. Could you be a good chap and go over and remind her?"

Being a good chap and having nothing else to do I said that it would be my pleasure. It would be to. The Fortescues had a very lovely young daughter about Diana's age, undoubtedly the reason she was over there. I'd have two lovely young things to flirt with and make leading remarks to. 

I reached the Fortescue place and it looked deserted. Everyone out working the farm, I assumed. Still, I knocked, and there was no answer. In the quiet I could hear the sound of voices and made an educated guess that the girls were in the back yard. Probably in the pool, on a day like this.

I wandered around to the back yard and sure enough, there were Diana and Maureen. Along with four other young ladies that I'd seen about, all around the same age bracket. Understandable. People of the same age and sex do tend to congregate together. There wasn't anyone actually in the poll when I rolled up, although I suspect that the whole damn lot of them wished they were.

They'd been skinny dipping and I was suddenly standing in front of six young ladies, all of whom were stark staring naked. And I was staring all right. My eyes were almost popping out of my head. So much feminine flesh on display.

And what could I do about it? Absolutely nothing. Talk about too much of a good thing. One or two standing there naked and I'd have been tempted to make a move, but not with six of them staring at me.

When the girls first noticed me there were some squeals and rapid hand movement, but then they seemed to get a positive feedback flowing through the group. After all, there were six of them and only one of me. The muffled squeals turned into not so muffled giggling and the hurried hand bras and such vanished again. The rotten bitches were flaunting what they'd got and almost daring me to do something about it.

What was worse they were eyeing me off, and I was suddenly feeling like a stud put up for auction. A strange and disconcerting feeling. Hopefully I hid my new found embarrassment. 

"Afternoon, ladies," I said. "I have a message for Diana. Her mother wanted to remind her about the salon visit this afternoon. She also suggested that it might be a good idea to answer your phones." 

There was a muffled giggle at that last bit, and a sotto voce, "Told you so," from someone in the group.

"Message received," said Diana, staring brazenly back at me. "You can tell her I'll be along shortly." 

This was the same young woman who had been blushing so hard this morning? Isn't it amazing the confidence a bunch of friends can give you. 

"No need to chase him off, Diana," said one of the girls. "He can stay and talk with us while you get dressed."

"There again," murmured someone else, "maybe he'd like to have a swim."

"I'll pass," I said with a smile. Mainly because I'd be waving my feelings around for all to see. Fine, one on one, but I'd rather not in a group. 

"Ah, too bad," came from somewhere in the group. "You could have shown us your potential."

There was a burst of explosive giggling at that and I had to just stand there and take it. I looked around at the girls, trying to put names to faces. Also trying to make sure I attached faces to other interesting body parts. One girl, Isabel, if I remember correctly, had a magnificent rack.

"I'll tell you what, ladies," I said affably. "I'm making a careful note of your faces and before the holidays are over I'll make a concerted effort to meet each of you alone and show you my potential."

"Our faces?" asked Maureen. "Was that what you were looking at?"

There was some more giggling, and I took my leave, strolling casually away, while inside I was running like a rabbit.

Diana rolled up and she and her mother went off to the salon to do whatever women do at the salon. Quite frankly I couldn't see any difference between when they went and when they returned, but the way Diana was waving her hands around I'd guess she'd had her nails done. Why on earth do you need to go to a salon and spend money to do your nails? Just trim them and maybe file them a bit. Not that I was stupid enough to suggest such a course of action.

After dinner I suggested to Diana that we might take a stroll outside as there were a few questions I'd like to ask her about the young ladies she'd been with earlier. She giggled but agreed to go for a short stroll on the firm understanding that I didn't get up to anything. 

It was a very pleasant evening and we just strolled along, chatting about nothing much at first. Eventually I broached the subject of the other young ladies. 

"I know Maureen," I said, "and I believe the young lady with the generous endowment," patting my chest, at this point, "is Isabel. I'm not sure who the others were. Perhaps you could enlighten me."

Diana swiftly gave me the names of the other young ladies but then I had to match faces to the names. I managed to sort it out. By this stage we were passing close to the barn.

"That reminds me," I said. "Did you know one of the cats has a litter in the barn? She's got five kittens there."

Not unsurprisingly Diana was keen to see the kittens and I moved into the barn with her following on behind. There were two loose boxes at the end of the barn, used when they wanted an animal to be kept in the barn for whatever reason. Both loose boxes had a fresh bed of straw and the right hand loose box also came equipped with a calico cat and five assorted kittens.

Naturally enough Diana oohed and aahed over the kittens, handling them gently while the mother watched suspiciously. 

"Time to be moving," I said eventually. "We still have some things to do."

Diana reluctantly abandoned the kittens and rose to her feet. She turned towards the doors but I turned her slightly, indicating the other loose box.

"What's in here?" she asked, moving into it.

"You," I replied. "This morning I saw your very attractive figure and I had to struggle to keep my hands to myself. This afternoon I saw your lovely body once again and it was a lot easier not to touch, what with the audience, but that didn't mean the wanting to touch wasn't there. Third time lucky is the way I see it. Please take off your clothes as I am really wanting to touch you."

"No dice," she said, sounding indignant. "And you said you wouldn't try anything."

"You didn't believe me, did you?" I asked, sounding surprised. "Very silly of you if you did. Do you need help taking your clothes off? I'd be delighted to be of assistance."

"I'm not taking anything off," she retorted. "And just what do you mean by touch, anyway?"

"I noticed that you have a nicely shaven mons," I said, smiling as she blushed. "I want to run my hand over it to see if it's as smooth as it looked. I want to taste your nipples and watch them pucker up and point. I want to run my hands over your body and feel the sheer femaleness of you."

"Yes, and then I suppose you'll want to make love to me," she pointed out.

"It would be very nice," I admitted, "but I wouldn't push you too far tonight. I can wait until you're a little more ready for some serious intentions."

"And I'm supposed to believe that that is all you'll do if I take of my clothes?"

"That depends," I said.

"What does it depend on?"

"How gullible you are. We both know I brought you into the barn so I could strip you and screw you rotten. We're both just pretending that we don't."

Her mouth dropped open in shock, not believing I'd just said that. While she was trying to come up with a reply I started undoing her belt. 

"What are you doing?" she snapped, slapping at my hands.

"Helping you get undressed," I pointed out. "If you don't want to help me keep your hands to your sides. Better yet, use your hands to undo my trousers. You might as well investigate what I'm going to give you."

Diana was making feeble little protests and slapping at my hands but she wasn't trying to do up anything I actually undid. I undid her belt and the buttons of her slacks and then pulled her top loose and started lifting it up. 

"Arms up," I said as I pulled the top higher, to be met with a resounding no.

Funny that. She said no, loud and clear, but when I took her elbow and lifted it her arm rose without any struggle, letting me lift the top over her head and off. She clutched her hands to her breasts but I had no objection to that. It meant they were out of the way when I turned her around and unhooked her bra.

"Will you stop this?" she demanded as I turned her back to face me.

"Um, no, I don't think so," I murmured, gently tugging her hands away from her breasts, gratified to see that she held onto the bra so it came away as well.

I pushed her hands down to her sides and then lifted my hands to capture her breasts. Cupping them, one in each hand, I leaned down and sucked lightly on her nipples, one after the other. She gasped and protested, but not very loudly, and her attempts to push my head away from her breasts were not what you would call strenuous. 

When I lifted my head her nipples were rosy red, damp, and peaked, and quite ready for more of the same. Reaching down I started pushing her slacks down, making sure her panties went with them. 

"You can't do this to me," she said in this woeful little voice, but in that case she really should be trying harder to stop me.

With her slacks and panties around her ankles I ran my hands up her legs, stroking the long full length of them, pausing to rub her mons along the way.

"Still nice and smooth," I murmured, finally standing up properly. "I want you to lie down on the straw now."

"I won't, and you can't make me," she snapped.

"Really? Have you ever seen this little trick?"

I cupped a hand under her chin while my other hand cupped the back of her head. Then I lifted slightly, so I was effectively controlling the movement of her head. I moved it to the side and down, laying her neatly on her back. Where the head goes, the body follows, and no real force is needed. I will admit that Diana looked very surprised to find herself lying on her back, but she didn't try to get up again.

"How did you do that?" she demanded and I winked at her.

"Very efficiently," I told her. "I'll show you the trick sometime."

I took hold of her slacks and panties, pulling them off her feet, finding her shoes caught in the legs of the slacks, leaving her naked apart from a pair of socks.

"Come on," she said. "You're not really going to try to have sex with me, are you?"

"There is no try," I said, using my best Yoda voice.

She blinked but she caught the reference and her lips quirked in a smile she tried to hide. 

"In that case, I suggest you make it 'do not'," she said sweetly.

I stood, looking down at her, calmly undoing my trousers. When I pushed them down it was blatantly obvious that I was opting for the 'do' part of the quote. I took off my top and settled down next to her. It seemed only fair that I be as naked as her.

My hands started wandering, touching her all over. Fingertips lightly feathering across her face, hands squeezing her breasts lightly and rubbing them around with my palm, her nipples rolling under my touch. Trailing my fingertips lightly over her tummy, watching her squirm at the delicate touch, until a hand settled firmly over her mons, sliding further down to cover her pudenda and squeeze lightly. 

She was on her side facing me, pushing her hands against me. I think this was supposed to be an effort to push me away but, if it was, she would need a lot more effort. Perhaps she was pushing in the wrong place.

I caught hold of one of her hands moving it down to where it would be more effective. When I let go she pushed against me and her hand closed nicely over my erection, bringing a sudden blush to her face. Her hand stayed where it was, apart from a gentle up and down motion while she explored her prize.

I took my time, feeling her body and treasuring it, stroking it and letting it know it was desirable. One hand stroked her breasts, teased her nipples, the other was exploring elsewhere. I rubbed back and forth across her lips, stimulating them. Little circular motions on her mound, pressing firmly against her, were sending the message deeper into her - I want you - and her body was responding. I could feel her lips pursing slightly, her inner lips expanding, pushing out to kiss the palm of my hand, leaving a wet streak as my hand moved across them.

A little subtle pressure and Diana was lying on her back. My leg was stretched along hers, pressing lightly. A little pressure from my toe upon the side of her foot and her legs were steadily drifting further apart. 

I swear my cock felt so hard that I thought it was in danger of breaking. I moved over her, between her thighs, gently extracting my erection from her grasp, letting it hover above her. I leaned forward slightly, cock in hand, brushing it back and forth along her lips, lips which seemed to be reaching out for me.

I suppose, strictly speaking, I should have asked for permission at this stage, but what the hell? I knew that I was going to take her and she knew I was going to take her. If she didn't want this she could volunteer the information. 

Not that it looked like she was going to volunteer any such thing. She was breathing hard and her eyes were riveted to where my cock was brushing against her, waiting for that first little push. I gave that little push and she gave a small gasp, her hips rising up to meet me, and that first push turned into a firm thrust, my full length plunging into her willing body.

It turned out that Diana had no intention of being a compliant little puppet, content to lie there and let me work my will upon her. With that first thrusts her legs came up and wrapped around me, holding me tight, using her legs to help pull me in deeper, faster. 

It seemed to me that we hit our stride right from the word go, both of us clinging to the other and moving urgently against each other. I banged her hard and she was with me every inch of the way, pushing up to take me, and letting her appreciation be known.

I was feeling quite glad that I'd jumped her in the barn rather than the house. She was so vocal that if we'd been in the house the whole household would have known what was going on. I'd push in and she'd push up, crying, "Oh, yes. More. Harder. Oh, fuck me, I need more."

I almost felt as though I wasn't up to the task. Almost. What I did was settle down to give her what she desperately needed. I hammered into her, my own pleasure rising by the moment, while I strived manfully to build her excitement and arousal, trying to reduce her to a screaming heap, lost to all but me and the pleasure I was bringing her.

I must say, with all due modesty, that I think I succeeded. I was still building up to my best when she climaxed, oddly enough losing her voice when she came, just shuddering and shaking beneath me.

She regained her voice fast enough when I didn't stop taking her. I wasn't finished so as far as I was concerned, neither was she. First of all she was, "What? What?" as I kept going, then it was, "Aah, aah, aah," then back to the, "Yes, yes, yes. Fuck me harder."

I pushed on, my own climax not that far off. Fortunately for me, Diana was already so aroused that it didn't take much more work on my part to bring her back to screaming point. Or lack of screams, I guess you could say, as she went silent again as her second climax hit her. 

That wasn't all that hit her. My own climax washed over me and I spilled my load into her, shuddering and jerking as I gave my all. Then we both sank down, exhausted and satisfied.

"This," Diana finally managed to say, "was a one-off. Don't get any ideas about repeating that little performance." 

"Pity," I said in return. "You were quite sensational. I think I could stand a repeat performance. Twice daily, would be best."

"In your dreams," she murmured.

I just smiled and laid back. Actually, if I was going to go hunting the other skinny-dippers I probably wouldn't have time (or energy) to take Diana again. Still, we would wait and see what happened.