 My, ah, problem started when I was on holiday with my parents and I was asked to wander over to a neighbour's place to fetch my sister-in-law, who was ignoring her phone. I found her there with a number of other young ladies, skinny-dipping. 

I had quickly delivered my message and, being heavily outnumbered, beat a hasty retreat, but not before opening my big mouth and promising to meet them all one on one. This, I realised, would be a damn sight easier to do if I knew who the various young lovelies were.

A little quizzing of Diana, my sister-in-law, got me the names of the various lovelies but not how I could go about meeting them. Apart, that is, from a suggestion as to where I might meet Isabel. I actually did meet Isabel and had a little chat with her, but I had no idea of where to find the rest of the girls.

Well, that's not exactly true. I knew where Maureen lived but it would take more nerve than I've got to just rock up at her parent's house and try to seduce her. So, effectively, the whereabouts of the girls was an unknown. I did know their names, though. They were Maureen, the twins, Debbie and Tricia, and finally Petunia, better known as Pet. 

Not knowing where to hunt for them I shoved the whole thing in the too hard basket and went about my normal holiday activities. This was not to be taken to mean that I forgot about them.

The day after meeting Isabel my mother decided to go shopping at the local mall. With nothing else to do, stranded out in the country the way I was, I decided to tag along. Big mistake. After half an hour of shopping I was shopped out and my mother was just getting warmed up. I told her I was shooting through and that I'd catch a bus back to the farm if needed, so if I wasn't back by the time she was ready to go she should go without me. 

Leaving the mall I crossed to the park next to it. It was quite an expansive park, continuing to the edge of the town. It occurred to me that if I strolled across it I'd be on the road home and could walk the ten kilometres to the farm in an hour or so. I might even get a lift along the way. The exercise wouldn't hurt me either. I strolled into the park.

Now this little town was quite dead during the day, everyone either at work, home or the mall. I was a little surprised to come across a young lady also strolling through the park. I moved a little faster and caught up with her.

"Morning," I said cheerfully. "Nice day for a stroll in the park, isn't it?"

She glanced over at me, did a double take, went pale and looked pointedly away.

"Go away," she said, and icicles formed in the air.

I did my own double take at that. It also occurred to me that the young lady looked familiar.

"Um, I think I know you," I said affably, ignoring the chill. "You're Petunia, the one they call Pet. I think I'll call you Petal. A much nicer description of you. You look as pretty and as delicate as a flower."

"I don't know you and we haven't met. Go away."

Boy. Talk about your tough audiences. 

"Yes, we have. A couple of days ago at Maureen's place. No way could I forget. You were all gleaming white, standing out from the throng, and I could barely take my eyes off you, you were so lovely."

She flushed and glared at me.

"And is that what you said to Isabel before you tried to attack her?" she asked.

What you might call a 'say what?' moment. 

"Ay? Attack Isabel? That's a base calumny. I have never tried to attack Isabel. If you don't believe me, ask her. Apart from meeting her on the road yesterday I've never even spoken to her."

"It was Isabel who told me," she snapped. "She said you tried to jump her when you met her riding home. She said that you were after all the girls you met at our pool party."

"Right," I drawled. "So I see Isabel riding her bike and try to jump her in the middle of a public road, where traffic could come past at any moment. Like Mrs Caruthers, who drove past twice while I was talking to Isabel. Can you really see me taking that sort of chance?"

Petal gave me a look that wasn't quite so severe.

"But you did make a pass at her and you did tell her you were hunting all the girls from the pool party."

"No harm in making a pass. I'm entitled to make them and she's entitled to catch them or let them sail on by. However, I definitely didn't tell her that I was looking for all the girls at the party. Even if I was, you'd have no reason to worry, pretty though you are."

She was back to giving me nasty looks. Didn't she want to feel safe?

"What do you mean by that crack?" she demanded.

"I would consider it unfair to try to seduce a virgin, especially when I'll be going home in a few days, so set your mind at rest. Even though I thought you were the pick of the bunch and would love to taste you, I fully realise that you're off-limits."

"Who told you I was a virgin?" she demanded. "Did Isabel tell you that?"

"Ah, not in so many words," I admitted, "but it was easy to see what she was getting at. Don't let it worry you."

"It doesn't worry me and she doesn't know what she's talking about," snapped Petal. "You shouldn't listen to a thing she says. She's just jealous of all other girls. Always running us down because she's got bigger boobs than us."

Bigger boobs, indeed. That I had to admit. A double portion was allotted to that young lady. I should know.

"You apparently listened when she said I attacked her," I pointed out. "Or did she say that? Did she, instead, make certain innuendos and let you draw your own conclusions?"

From her blush I'd guessed right. I laughed at her.

"Probably trying to scare both of us off, especially when I commented on how lovely you'd looked. She did mention something about small breasts but they certainly looked fine to me when I saw them. Um, I think you'd better hang on to that virgin tag for a while."

"Why should I want to pretend I'm something I'm not?" she asked indignantly.

"Self-defence?" I suggested.

"From you, I assume?"

"Well, if I'm the sort of person who'd tried and attack Isabel on the open road with Mrs Caruthers driving around then I'm capable of anything."

"OK. I don't believe you tried to attack Isabel. You probably wouldn't have to. Fending her off is more likely. And you've got no reason to try and jump me in the middle of town." 

"A couple of minor corrections," I said. "We're in the middle of the park and quite secluded, for a start. And there was that littler matter of the pool party. Remember, you standing there all white and glowing, and me standing there with my eyes popping and wondering how I could taste the strawberries and cream."

She blushed slightly. 

"Where do the strawberries come into it?" she asked, rather naively in my opinion.

We'd continued strolling through the park as we talked but with that comment I stopped and turned her towards me.

"Two pretty pink strawberries, just aching for me to taste them," I said softly, reaching up and placing a finger gently on one nipple. Hey, what can I say? She was wearing a thin top and her nipples left little bumps on it, making them easy to spot - and touch.

She gave a little squeak and backed up a step.

"That's not funny," she said crossly.

"Wasn't meant to be. Look at me," I said, pointing to my head. "Can't you see my mighty mind is whirring full bore, trying to find a way to coax you out of that top so I can see those strawberries in their natural surroundings?"

"Ha. Did you try that line on Isabel?"

"No, I didn't. There's no-one around. Take off your top. I want to see you up close, not surrounded by a gaggle of giggling geese."

"I'm not going to do that!"

"Why not? It won't hurt you and there's no-one to see but me. It's not as though I'm asking you to strip."

While talking I put my hands in my pockets, attempting to show her that I was no threat. 

She was tempted. Girls are just as interested in sex as men, although they tend to deny it. Having a man asking to see her breasts like this was exciting, and we were shielded by the trees in the park.

"If I show you will you then go away and leave me alone?"

"To be honest, no. If you take your top off I am going to taste you."

I looked at her and shrugged.

"I can't help it. I've been thinking about you and your breasts ever since I sprung you and the others at the pool."

She was chewing on her lip, plainly considering the idea. I contemplated giving another little push but decided it would be counter-productive. I tied to wear a hopeful expression and left it to her.

"Bloody hell," she muttered, glaring at me. "All right, but just for a minute and then it goes back on with no protests." 

"It's your decision," I said quickly, lifting my hands in a hands-off gesture.

"Just you remember that," she muttered.

Now that she'd decided she moved quickly, flipping her top off and then doing the same with her bra, apparently not needing to unfasten it. 

"Oh, my," I said softly. "Even nicer than I remembered."

I reached out and cupped them tenderly, weighing them in my hands. Not overly large but very shapely, and her nipples were now pointing at me, showing me she was already slightly aroused. I gently rolled her nipples with my thumbs.

"Let's just move off the path a little," I said, "just in case someone else does come along. I wouldn't want anything to happen that might embarrass you."

While talking I was shepherding her off the path and onto the lawn and behind some bushes, showing true consideration for her feelings. Stopping as soon as were out of sight of the path, I bent down and brushed my mouth across one nipple, lips parted slightly so my teeth rasped over her nipple. Then my mouth closed over her breast and I gently sucked, teasing her nipple with my tongue. Lifting my head I could see she was flushed and breathing harder, and she didn't say anything when I transferred my attention to her other breast.

Her minute quickly extended into a couple and she was still making no move towards putting on her top again. I stood back from her for a moment, unbuttoning my shirt.

"Ah, what are you doing?" she asked.

"Just undoing my shirt," I said matter of factly. "I want to kiss you and when I do I want to feel your breasts pressing against my chest."

I pulled my shirt open and then gently tugged her towards me, her breasts mashing against my chest. I could feel her nipples as two hard little nubs pressing against me. Then I kissed her.

Not bad as kisses go. She put some enthusiasm into it and there was a little bit of wriggling, causing her breasts to rub back and forth across my chest. I was rather furry, chest wise, and I wondered how it felt to her. Not that she seemed to have any complaints.

Now my hands were naturally on her back, stroking it while I kissed her. It also seemed natural to slide my hands down across her bottom and back up. It wasn't really my fault that her dress rode up with my hands. It was just coincidence that the back of her dress wound up bunched at waist height while my hands remained at bottom height, resting on her panties.

When we broke the kiss she looked at me.

"Um, your hands," she said.

"Oh, right. Shouldn't be there, should they," I agreed.

I slid my hands up but they just seemed to want to slide back down again, this time sliding under her panties and closing over the cheeks of her bottom.

"That better," I asked.

"You know it's not. I don't want your hands in my pants."

Which was reasonable, I suppose. So I pushed the panties down out to the way.

"Do you mind?" she gasped. "What do you think you're doing?"

"Feeling a very nice bottom," I replied. I let my hands drift around to her front. "Ah, also checking to see if my memory was correct and you had this cute little landing strip just here."

"That's enough," she said. "I think I'd better put my top back on."

"Hold on," I said quickly. "There's no rush." 

I lifted the front of her skirt, letting her see that I was looking and admiring.

"Just relax a little," I told her. "I just want to touch you. I'm not going to try to have sex with you. Even I will admit that that would be pushing it."

I eased her down onto the grass, settling down next to her. Leaning over her I started tasting her breasts again while I let my hand wander around down below, tracing her landing strip and stroking the, ah, hangar that it led to. 

After a while I sat up, unzipped, and coaxed her to sit straddling me, her pussy just rubbing up against my erection. She emphasized that she wouldn't be having sex with me and I agreed that that was reasonable. I wouldn't, I assured her, try to take her. 

We kissed some more, her pussy rubbing against the length of my cock, and I could feel her heat and wetness. She was breathing quite heavily now, but I'm a man of my word and didn't try to stick it in. Instead I lay back, pulling her with me, so that she was lying on top of me.

There was more kissing and more touching. A gentle tug on her bottom and she slipped a little higher along me. I could feel my erection resting between her legs, the business end pointing right where it wanted to go.

It was only a matter of time. She adjusted her position slightly and suddenly her pussy was pressing down upon my cock. She froze.

"Ah, you said you weren't going to actually have sex with me," she pointed out, speaking carefully.

"No," I corrected her. "I said I wouldn't try to take you. I'm not. I'm just lying here. You'll find that you're pressing against me."

She glared at me.

"Don't be ridiculous," she snapped. "I wouldn't do such a thing." 

She put her hands on my chest and pushed herself up right, and the look on her face when she found she had swivelled onto my cock was a joy to behold. Not fully on, but she had managed to sink an inch or so into her before she could stop. She blushed very prettily.

"You've started, you might as well continue," I suggested.

She sat frozen for a moment, spluttering and trying to deny what had happened. She wanted to accuse me of doing it but we both knew that she was the one who'd slipped up. (Or on, in this case.) Mind you, I might have staged the scene so that this sort of accident could happen, but she had made that final move.

Her main trouble was that she was aroused. Actually, she was not only aroused but a cock had already started its journey. She was giving me a very irritated look as she slowly sat up, letting my cock sink smoothly into place.

"You planned this, damn you. No, don't bother trying to protest. You know you did." 

I lay there, watching her, but my hands did rise to cup her breasts. I squeezed them slightly, rubbing the nipples.

"Go on," I said softly. "Do it."

Her face changed to a look of concentration and she started to move, sliding smoothly up and down my cock. All I had to do was lie there and accept what was being done. Inactivity was not quite my style. I started pressing up to meet her as she moved and very soon we were banging along in fine style.

I don't know who had been teaching her what, or if she just had a natural talent, but she would give this very disconcerting little twist every so often. The first time she did I thought I was going to come on the spot, but I got past it. Fortunately I was ready for it after that and could make allowances. Or as much in the way of allowances you can make when a young lady has straddled you and is bouncing on you in a very interesting way.

Petal was making little sounds of appreciation as she bounced, thoroughly enjoying her efforts, her excitement plain to see on her face. Her arousal was complete and she was going for the prize. 

Her breathing was getting harder, she was gasping with the effort she was making, finally falling forward on top of me, bottom still bobbing up and down.

I took her lying on top of me as my cue. Arms around her I rolled over, taking her with me, and now I was on top and being the driving force. So I like the dominant position. Don't most men?

She was past ready, and I was driving in hot and hard, quite eager to spill my load, just trying to hold it until the last moment. She was making throaty little sounds, trying to hold herself together but losing the battle fast. I gave a slightly stronger push and she shattered, and I was only too willing to let go at the same time.

We lay exhausted for a couple of moments and then Petal gave me a hard shove.

"Get off, me you great oaf," she grumbled, and I obediently rolled to one side. 

We lay like that for a few more moments and then she sat up, frowning at me.

"I," she stated, "am more inclined to believe Isabel now. You probably did try to jump her on the road."

I opened my mouth to defend myself but she got in first.

"Yes. Even with Mrs Caruthers driving back and forth along the road to keep an eye on you."

"All I did was kiss you," I said meekly. "You. . ."

I broke off at the look on her face, deciding silence was the wiser option.

"If you dare say I jumped you I will strangle you," she said quietly but deliberately. "You probably planned the whole thing."

"No, not really," I said with a laugh, "but I'm not sorry it happened."

She gave me the evil eye for a moment, but then laughed as well.

"Ah, well. These things happen," she said. "Just be aware that it won't be happening again."

She started scrambling into her clothes and I tidied up my own. 

"I don't need an escort," she told me when were back on the trail. "Why don't you walk in that direction while I continue the way I was going?"

I bowed to a superior force and headed off in that direction, even if it was taking me back to the mall. Maybe my mother had finished shopping and I'd be able to grab a lift home.