 (This is my first piece of erotic work to be published on a large scale. Comments welcome.)

*

Hi, my name is Tara. My boyfriend James and I have been dating for years... although not exclusively. I consider James' best friend Matt, my best friend too. Sadly, I don't have any girl friends other than the women I work with. 

Over the past few years, there has been this "spark" between me and Matt. You wouldn't know it if you were ever in the same room as us... with James... but Matt and I share a unique friendship that on occasions, has crossed the friendship line into new, interesting territory.

Let me tell you a little bit about Matt. He's intellectual, funny, charming, handsome - he says he's not, but to me he is - with his thick dark hair, his deep chocolate eyes, his luscious lips... and not to mention he's a wonderful conversationalist! All the things I really want in a guy... all the things James isn't. 

Over these past few years, I've been brazenly shy around Matt... I'm normally not that way... but I could never pinpoint why I acted this way around him. Until one fateful weekend when Matt stayed the night.

James got called in to work early on Sunday morning. He woke me up while getting dressed. We said our "see ya's" and I tried falling back asleep. But something was tearing at me... I'd close my eyes and all I could think of was that one night James was fixing the car in the driveway and called me to the small bathroom window to see.

As he was explaining the modifications, Matt walked up behind me to take a peek as well. He and James carried on a quick conversation all the while Matt's hands we caressing my breasts over my shirt, but hidden from James. This was the first time it happened. Not only did I not stop him, but for the life of me, I couldn't contain the utter pleasure I felt and let out a small sigh and a moan as I damn near melted right into him.

The replay of that time weighed heavily on me and I became very aroused. I pondered why he had turned me on so much. Why over the years have the little unexpected kisses, the friendly hugs that lasted just a little too long, the wanting to be around him, even if it meant James being there and ruining all the fun that could have been had. 

I pondered why I dreamt of him at least once a week. Why in all my daydreams and fantasies, HE was my lover... was it just sexual tension and lust... or was it more than that? I needed to know... and I knew that morning would probably be my one and only chance to figure it out.

I got dressed, brushed my teeth and hair, and put on some simple make-up. Back in my bedroom, I paced the floor a little... nervous as all hell. What if I come on too strong and he rejects me? What if he doesn't? Will that change our friendship? Will it change the way we act around each other when James is with us? And finally, would James figure it out?? 

I took a deep breath and told myself that all those questions wouldn't matter if I never answer the question burning deep inside me. So I walked into the hallway and closed my bedroom door. A few moments later I'm standing in the guest room doorway looking in on Matt who was slowly waking up.

"Morning Sunshine!" I said, all perky and innocent. 

"Uh... mornin.." Awkward moment of silence... I found myself staring deeply into his dark brown eyes for just a touch too long.

"You look all nice and warm... mind if I cuddle with you?" He had no idea that his acceptance or rejection at that very moment would either send my heart racing faster than a rocket, or do a complete nose-dive into a massive crash and burn.

His eyes rolled up as he thought about it for a second or two. Then with his hand he fluffed the comforter from underneath. I crawled in under the covers and laid my head on the pillow next to Matt's trying to warm myself up a little on this chilly winter morning. The butterflies in my stomach had never been so bad before in my life. Why was I so nervous?!

I could tell by his calmness he was still a little groggy from sleep. I turned my head towards him and looked up into his deep, inviting eyes. There were a couple times in the past where we've kissed, but being here, our noses an inch apart, I felt like I had never kissed him before. Like I had never kissed anyone before. He had always made me feel like a blushing schoolgirl, all nervous and innocent. But innocent I was not; not by a long shot.

I could hear the thoughts in my head screaming 'kiss me... please just kiss me'. Then he leaned up on his elbow and kissed me. This was not just an ordinary peck; this was a full lip sucking, electric kiss! I just melted right then and there. Instantly, I felt the burn in my belly and my nerves were on sensory overload! 

I moved my right hand up to his cheek and I held him there... 'don't stop oh please god don't stop kissing me...' 

My tummy was twisting all up in knots...unsure of this feeling of floating and trembling and melting all at once. My hand slowly slipped away from his cheek to cup his ear and neck, all the while remaining in the mind-numbing electric kiss. I ran my fingers through his hair and grabbed onto it pulling him into me.

We shifted positions slightly. Leaning halfway over me, I slid under him a little. I felt his left hand playing - toying with my t-shirt. He reached under my shirt moving slowly to my right breast all the while we kissed harder and with more passion. 

He gently grabbed onto my breast and I broke the kiss to take in a sensuous breath and moan... feeling the touch I had so longed for - for years.

I arched my back and melted into the slightest squeeze, and I moaned again, my bottom lip quivering. He watched the intense pleasure on my face and the full desire in my half-open eyes. He kissed me again; our tongues intertwined to the beat of his hand massaging and pinching my sensitive nipples.

Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, he began sliding his hand down my belly and undid my jeans.

zzzzzip

'oh god, is this really happening... keep going... don't stop, please don't stop....'

His fingers manage to get under the elastic of my panties and he kissed my neck. Gentle at first, but I needed more.

'find the sweet spot... yes...... yes... OH!! Right There!!'

At that very moment when my back arched to the sweet sensations of his lips on my neck, and the grazing of his teeth on my skin, he shoved his hand into my panties and found a pool of wetness there. My pussy was so wet and hot and aching for his touch! Playfully, he dipped two fingers into the hot sticky juice and I shuddered and moaned. 

He released my neck from his kiss and looked into my eyes. He saw my need for him, the lust, the pain and the tears slightly welling in the corners of my eyes.

I started pulling down my panties and jeans and somehow kicked them to the floor. Then he sat up, pulling me up with him and he took off my shirt. With an expert hand, my bra was undone and thrown out of the room within seconds.

"I've wanted this for so long, Matt... I've wanted YOU for so long..."

"I can see that..." said Matt as he brought up his fingers to show me how wet I really was. I grabbed onto his hand and expertly licked the very fingers that were so close to being swallowed up by my waiting pussy. I looked up into his eyes, mine no longer misty with tears, but with desire and daring. I began to suck them - my tongue snaking it's way around and in between them, taking in all of my sweet nectar.

I reached down and rubbed his cock through his boxers. A naughty smile crept up on his face. I gave him a little squeeze and with my thumb rubbed the tip; smearing his pre-cum all over the head. I heard a little growl from within him and saw his eyes roll back and his body relax a little.

Just then he pulled his fingers from my mouth and pushed me back down. I giggled playfully, then he swung me around sideways on the bed. With my legs spread over his thighs, he took a moment to run his hands over them and inspected my pink swollen clit and the glistening lips of my pussy. He massaged and kneaded my inner thighs, slowly circling closer to my pleasure box. The closer he got, the more it teased me.

We stared into each other's eyes and we knew there was no turning back. He looked at me seeing if i wanted to go on. I reached for my breasts and began massaging them myself to let him know I was ready.

He smirked and started slowly rubbing my clit in a counter-clockwise fashion, varying his speed. Instantly, a pink rush came to my skin and I was quivering and grinding to his ministrations. I was so wet. 

I had never been this aroused before in my life. It was the most exquisite feeling, knowing that he was doing this because he felt the same need. I knew this because I saw it on his face. The pleasure on his lips and the softness in his eyes. This wasn't a cheap hook-up to him... oh no... he felt how I did. Needed.

I was on my way to an amazing orgasm when he stopped to reposition himself. He knelt beside the bed and hooked his arms around my thighs to pull me towards him. I let out a little squeal and a giggle. He chuckled and grinned from ear to ear.

"I've been waiting a long time to do this to you, Tara." And with those words I felt his tongue slide up my lips. I took in a sharp breath and I reeled in ecstasy!

"Ohhhh..." was all I could muster.

He used his lips to massage my clit, nibbling away with his teeth and flicking it with his tongue. He lapped up all my sweetness - toying with my entrance with his goatee. My hands navigated themselves to Matt's head, needing him to provide me with the release years of sexual tension has built. Without expecting it, he inserted one finger into my pussy and instantly and instinctively my back arched and I was just about ready to cum.

Thrust... I started to breathe heavily and moan a throaty quiet "unhhhhh..... mmmmmm......" Thrust... I began to grind. Thrust... I grabbed onto his hair with both hands and forcefully pulled him hard into me.

"Oh god... I'm gonna cum.... do... do it fast and hard...please.." I pleaded. 

He must have looked up to see the urgency in my face... the utter need for him to make me cum. Just then he thrust another finger into me. 

"More... fill me up..." I needed all of him so badly. I could have just then told him to fuck me hard, but I didn't want him to stop! I needed more!

Three fingers were now pumping hard into my pussy. His concentration on thrusting into me unwaivering as he would go down for a lick of my clit every few seconds...

"Oh god... fuck yeah.... uhnhhhhh yesssss...." It was building! I was burning up inside and could hardly contain it. Just then my back arched up, my head flew back and my cunt squeezed his fingers in a giant orgasm... one I had never experienced before.

"Oooohnnnhhhhhhh!!!" He continue to pound into me during my orgasm... 'oh god yessss!!!!' My pussy flooded his fingers with delicious nectar and as my orgasm subsided, he slowly pull them out. I whimpered.

After a few moments, my hearing returned and I no longer saw stars. I looked down to see his grinning face and I purred a satisfied smile. Gently he climbed on top of me, his strong arms resting beside my shoulders, holding his weight on his elbows. He kissed me. Gently at first, then with renewed passion. I could taste my own arousal on his lips and tongue... 'I love that....'

He broke the kiss and said in almost a whisper "You look like you enjoyed that."

Purring "Oh I did! That was amazing! You knew everything I liked... I loved that!!" I took a moment to see in his eyes the need for release as well. Not to mention the throbbing member resting in the crease of my closed thighs. 

"And we're not done...." I said with a raised eyebrow and my tongue sliding along my front teeth.

I rolled Matt onto his back and straddled him. I took his hands in mine and interlaced our fingers and held them in place above his head. I let the tip of my tongue slide along the rim of his right ear, breathing lightly on the moist trail, sending shivers through his body. I flicked his earlobe slightly while giving it a little nibble. I started my descent kissing his neck and shoulder, and flicking my tongue over his nipples. I released his hands and gently ran my fingernails along his skin, barely touching him. 

This sent shivers through him and I heard the definite gasp of pleasure as I quickly went back to his neck where I licked and grazed my teeth over his flushed skin. Hi arms went to grab a hold of me in a passionate embrace, but I caught them and placed them again above his head.

"No no, none of that... I'm in control right now..." I said with a devilish grin.

I gave him a quick peck on his lips and I kept eye contact with him as I slithered down his body. I stopped when I felt his cock throbbing between my breasts. I pressed them together and stroked him. The precum that had accumulated on the head was now being smeared onto my bosom creating a sticky 'squish' sound. With his cock engulfed by my ample breasts, I lowered my head, extended my tongue and gave him a little lick. His whole body jerked and he inhaled sharply.

I let his cock slip from my breasts and it smacked Matt's belly. We both chuckled for a moment, then I spread his legs so I could rest my arms comfortably between them. I hovered my moistening mouth above Matt's rock hard cock, breathing heavily in anticipation. 

I extended my tongue, flattening it out and licked all the way up the shaft starting from his balls to the head. I did it again, only this time I braced his cock with my right hand, making sure it didn't move as I licked again, only a little faster.

I let a dribble of saliva string down to the tip, and rubbed it in with my hand, stroking at a slow pace. I could see the desire in his eyes, and pleasure of seeing me lick and stroke his cock... like he had fantasized about this for as long as I had. 

"Are you ready, Matt?" I asked, licking my lips. He nodded and I started to take him in my mouth slowly, adjusting for his size. His eyes closed and his head laid deeply in the pillow. I wrapped my lips around him, using my tongue to lick the shaft so my lips would slide easily. I did not stop the downward motion until my nose rested in his tuft. I had the whole of him in my mouth and down my throat. His length filled me so that I couldn't breathe. I moved up and caught a breath.

I made a few quick little up and down movements before I stopped again. I looked up at him and his eyes were half open and his tongue was licking his lips.

I took all of him back in down to the base and made subtle "swallowing" motions to massage his cock with my throat. I did this on and off for a few minutes, and hearing the sounds of utter ecstasy escaping his lips was enough for me want to keep going. I slowly came off his cock.

"Do you like that, Matt?" I asked as I continued to slowly stroke his slippery manhood.

"Oh yeah... do more like that and I'll be sure to cum fast" he said half smiling while enjoying the stroking.

I bobbed a few moments more on his cock to ensure it's wetness. "Well, there'll be none of that until I'm ready, handsome!" I said as I gave his balls a little squeeze.

"Oh really, now?" I could see the dare in his face. Would he feel the need to compete with me and cum quickly down my throat, or would he let me take control and let things happen on my time? 

"Oh yessssss." I purred as I continued to bob up and down on his cock, slurping away. Between fast and slow cock-sucking, I would lick his balls... taking them in my mouth and sucking while my hand pumped away on his slick dick.

His breathing quickened and I knew he was almost there. I stopped sucking and I grabbed a hold of his cock and squeeze the head firmly, but not hard enough to hurt and his building orgasm subsided slightly. He chuckled a little as he knew I was prolonging his orgasm.

I was aching to have his cock fill me completely. For years now, I had been dreaming of this. My every fantasy played on variations of this very moment. Would the intense pleasure feel as good as how I imagined it, or would it be better? The moment he and I would become one would change us forever, and as the passion and the lust consumed us, all I could think of was 'right now'. 

I couldn't think of the repercussions of this act. I couldn't think of how it could change for the worse... and lastly... I couldn't even think of James. It was just me and Matt on this bed, in this room, together and nothing could take away this deep, deep feeling that was enveloping my soul. 

Out of my reverie, my arousal was becoming more apparent by the little puddle gathering by my knees. I couldn't wait any longer. I straddled Matt, with my knees sitting snugly by his hips. I could feel his cock throbbing up against my lips, causing little shivers to radiate from my core. 

He positioned his hard member in my moistened slit and I could feel his skin burning mine. He placed his hands around my waist and together I felt my pussy fill with inch upon inch and I let escape a throaty moan.

'... oh fuck this feels so good...'

Carefully I slide all the way down, my wetness allowing for no restriction. 

"I can't believe you and I are actually doing this, Matt." I said while grinding my hips on his. He lifted his hands from my waist and placed them on my gently swaying breasts to massage them. 

"It's like a dream I don't want to wake out of..." said Matt.

Up, down, in a slow manner at first; trying so hard to stay in control. But his cock felt so good inside me that I lost it! Out of nowhere the animal in me was released and I fucked Matt hard! Through the moaning and the grinding and the thrusting, I had 3 more head-pounding g-spot orgasms.

My pussy milked his cock, and I could tell by his moaning and his grunting that there was not much time before he would explode. Forcefully, he rolled me over onto my back, got on top of me and I wrapped my legs around him. I was excited by his forcefulness. I was excited by his need for release, but I was most excited by his growling and the fire in his eyes.

My breasts were pressed right up against his chest and he kissed me hard. Our tongues danced together, forcing harder with every thrust. He thrusted deep but at a slow pace because of his need to know how my pussy contracts around his cock when he kisses me. My hands were gripping at his ass needing him to thrust harder, to fill me up completely. My cunt squeezed him with every motion.

My orgasms were coming fast as nearly every 2 thrusts, I was coming. My mind and body was a single entity, merged by pure carnal ecstasy. I felt like I was being drained of my life force; being completely surrounded by white light and total love.

Matt's eyes were closed shut and he was groaning. "Fuck yeah.... oh God" He feels the burn... "I'm gonna cum, Tara...."

"I want your cock in my mouth again... I want to taste you..."

With that, he rolled off me onto his back and my mouth quickly replaced my pussy, sucking, stroking, slurping, and bobbing up and down. I felt his body tense and his hands instinctively grabbed onto my head to regulate my speed. Just then, his cock got super hard, and shot after shot of hot cum flooded my mouth and I happily took it all down my throat. With the last couple driblets now expertly cleaned up by my tongue, I fall to the bed completely exhausted.

After a couple quiet minutes as we both calmed and cooled down, we both climbed under the covers. We spooned, his left arm draped over mine and his hand gently playing with my nipples. I could feel his breath on my neck.

"I have been waiting so long for this, Matt... and it has been everything I've ever dreamed of, and more!" I said still slightly out of breath.

"Me too, Tara..."

I turned to face him and I saw the sweet smile on his face and the returned calmness to his eyes. I didn't know what to say. I didn't want to say anything that would damage the most exquisite experience of my life, but then I didn't want to say nothing at all.
