 I awoke feeling completely relaxed and content. The bed was totally comfortable and inviting. But I knew I could not stay in bed all day. 'All good things must come to an end,' I thought, 'time to start the day'.

As I opened my eyes and looked around, the surroundings were not what I expected. It was quite obvious that I was in a hotel, but where? And more importantly, what was I doing here? I stumbled from the bed and made my way to the window. I Pulled the heavy drapes back and peered out at the very unmistakable site, many stories below. The puzzle of 'where' I was now solved. Now the question on my mind is, 'What the hell am I doing in Vegas?'

If I could just remember what happened last night, maybe all this would make sense. The harder I tried to remember the previous night, the more disturbing this all became. As unthinkable as it was, my memory was a complete blank. Not only did I not know why I was in Vegas, but I couldn't remember my name, or any of my past. 

A shower. Maybe a shower will clear the cobwebs of my mind. 

The hot water felt good, but did nothing to trigger any memories. Problem solving time. You don't get a hotel room, on one of the upper floors of the Luxor, without someone knowing your name. I must have some sort of I.D. in a wallet. That will at least give me a name and address to start piecing this all together. 

I finished my shower and stepped out of the shower. I put the thick hotel bath robe on then toweled my hair. Looking around the bathroom I was suddenly struck by the lack of personal items. No deodorant. No cologne. No hair brush or comb. Not even a tooth brush.

Exiting the bathroom I spotted my cloths on a near by chair. Slipping my hand into the pocket I pulled out the wallet. I was shocked to find it thick with a huge wad of cash. I quickly counted 25, $100 Dollar bills. What could I be doing with such a large sum of cash? The puzzle only got more puzzling as I could find no drivers license. For that matter I could not find any I.D. at all. No credit cards. No pictures. Not even a library card. The only clue the wallet held were the gold initials, MBC, on the wallet. I was no closer to knowing who I was or why I'm here than I was when I awoke. Digging through my other pants pockets, I found a total of 10, $500 casino chips from different casinos, and a key. In the drawer to the night stand was a pouch containing $25K

What the hell was I doing in Vegas with no I.D. and over $30K in cash? What is this key to? Just who the hell am I? These questions continued to gnaw at me.

The no identification thing was really starting to play on my mind. There are few reasons I could think of for a person to not carry some sort of identification. And none of them were good. It usually meant you were in hiding for some reason.

I quickly dressed, looked around for luggage and other personal affects. Nothing. This is getting old fast. I grabbed the room card key off the night stand and left the room.

Stepping from the elevator into the lobby I made my way to the front desk. Handing my card to the pretty girl behind the desk, her name tag told me her name was Carol. I waited for something in return. An invoice would be nice. The Carol just smiled at me and said, "Your all set, have a great day."

"Can I have a copy of the invoice please?"

"I'm sorry sir. But it's against hotel policy to give a copy to someone other than the person who registered. I'm sure you can understand."

Smiling I replied, "Well how can you be so sure I'm not the one who registered?"

Giggling, Carol said, "I'm sorry but you just don't look like a 'Candi' to me."

"I don't suppose you could give me Candi's last name."

"Sorry."

I thanked her for her time then walked out of the hotel.

All I had to piece this mystery together was this mystery girl by the name of Candi, in Vegas. Even if I assume the name wasn't fake, there are probably more Candi's in this town than any other city. 

I strolled down the strip, wondering aimlessly. Mainly because I had no clue where I should be or where I should go. After about an hour I decided to stop and have a much needed drink. Taking a stool at the bar in the Excalibur, I ordered a beer.

About 3/4th's of the way through my beer a stunning brunette took the stool next to me.

"You know your late. I thought you were going to stand me up." said this lovely vision.

After a quick glance around it became obvious that she was speaking to me. "I would never do something like that intentionally. I got tied up."

"Tied up huh. What interesting possibilities." she said giving me a sultry look. "Well it doesn't matter really. I have 5 hours of time, the later we start the later we finish. After all you wouldn't want to stiff me out of my time would you?"

"My dear lady, nothing could be further from my mind." And at that moment in time, that was the absolute truth. The prospects of spending some time with this woman was with out a doubt the best part of my day.

"Well then, come with me."

After settling my bar tab she wrapped her arm around mine and lead me to the elevators. She pushed the button for the seventh floor and waited for the doors to close before turning, reaching up and giving me the most passionate kiss I could recall (if I could remember another that is). The kiss lasted for the whole ride to the seventh floor. Things were certainly looking up.

Taking my hand she lead me to a door that she quickly opened with a key card. She walked into the room in front of me.

This woman was around 5' 4" tall and she couldn't weigh more than 100lbs. She was dressed in a black sleeveless gown that her full tits filled out nicely. Her body could have been that of a 28 year old. But a couple of very small tail-tell wrinkles, told me she was older, perhaps early 40's. Even so, this woman was gorgeous. Her shoulder length brunette hair perfectly framed her pretty face. She had dark brown eyes a man could loose himself in.

It suddenly struck me, I had no clue who she was or what I was doing here. She said we have some time together, but for what? With that kiss earlier, sex for money seemed likely. But how much does she charge? Wait a minute what if its me that is suppose to be paid? What if this has nothing to do with sex, after all we could be consulting on some real estate project. Well that would be disappointing! 

"Make yourself comfortable. I'm going to go change into something comfortable. Pour yourself a drink, I'll be right back out." She said as she stepped into the bathroom.

As I was pouring myself a glass of drambui over ice, I stopped to look at myself in the mirror. I thought it odd that I really didn't take the time to look at myself before now.

I'm about 5foot 8, dark hair with a full beard and thick moustache. Brown eyes. Not exactly trim, but not obese either. If I had to guess my age I would say.... Hmm, face looks early 30's, but a few stray graying hairs in the beard, I'd say late 30's - early 40's.

My mind began to run again on what tonight my hold. While bedding this woman was high on my priority list, I couldn't help but wonder if it were something else. This woman could be expecting me to tutor her in Portuguese. Maybe we're a couple of con's that work as a team.

My thoughts were interrupted when the bathroom door opened and my companion returned. She was dressed in a light pink sweat suit. She strolled past me, went to the bar and poured herself a drink. After downing a fair amount, she turned to me and said, "Is this your first time with a gravity machine?"

"I beg your pardon?"

"You know." she said turning and pointing, "The gravity machine."

As I turned it was then I noticed the inversion table with the gravity boots. Quite a simple contraption really, all designed to hang someone upside down, by their ankles.

"I can't say as though I ever remember hanging from one before."

"Well then, allow me to demonstrate." And with that she walked past me and began to secure the gravity boots to her ankles. 

When she was comfortable with the fit and feel, she stepped up onto the inversion table and set her ankles in place. Leaning back and raising her hands over her head the table gently rolled over until she was hanging by only her ankles. This lovely upside down woman then proceeded to twist and turn.

"There is nothing like it to work out the kinks and knots."

I couldn't help but to stare and curse to myself that she had her top tucked into her pants. Even so I admired her wonderful tits as gravity now pulled them in the other direction.

After a couple minutes she righted herself an stepped from the table.

"Your turn!" 

While still on her knees after taking the boots from her ankles she started to put them on me. It wasn't long before I found myself hanging by my ankles.

"Twist around some and loosen your back. Let me grab something and I'll be right back."

I must admit it did feel good on the back. Is this what I'm here for? A demonstration of some sort. Am I suppose to buy this? Is she expecting me to sell these?

'CLICK....... CLICK'

My thoughts broken by the unmistakable sounds of hand cuffs being secured. While in my thoughts this woman used hand cuffs to lock the table upside down.

"What the hell are you doing?" I asked more than a bit concerned.

"I want to make sure you relax completely." she said half giggling. "And when you mentioned being tied up earlier, it gave me a thought. Now since you can't do anything about it, you might as well relax and enjoy."

Without another word she pulled her top up over her head. Her tits out in the open were magnificent. They must have been 36C's. Her nipples were large, brown and very erect, much like my cock was getting. She then pulled her sweat pants down and off. There she stood wearing nothing but a pair of stockings and a garter belt.

"You like? When I thought about doing this I figured you would prefer it if I left these few things on."

"It's fine.... It's fantastic." I stammered.

Stepping to me she began undoing my belt and pants. I just started to reach up to her well trimmed pussy, when my shirt, now free of my pants fell all around my head. I couldn't see a damn thing. I quickly struggled to pull the damn thing off of me. Before I could get it off though I heard her say something that would etch itself into my brain.

"I've waited 20 years for this."

I was about to contemplate the 20 year comment when I was again brought back to the present.

In one exquisite motion she took my hard cock deep into her hot wet mouth. As she started to suck on me I could not help but moan out loud. 

I quickly shed the old shirt and looked up into her glistening pussy. What a wonderful sight to behold. She continued to suck my cock. Her tongue caressing the shaft then licking the mushroom head. One hand groping my balls while the other grabbed my ass.

Since my pants kept falling in her way she paused only long enough to strap my belt to the frame to hold my pants out of the way.

It didn't take long for my hands to begin their trek up her silky, shapely legs. My fingers found a very wet almost steaming cunt at the end of their journey. She let my cock slip from her mouth for a moment as gasp escaped her lips when my fingers made contact. She quickly recovered and returned to sucking on my cock. This lady was determined to give me the pleasure only a person in lust can.

Finger fucking her pussy at this strange angle was different. Her woman juices were now running down my arm. With one hand I tried to finger her clit and her love hole. My left hand I kept busy caressing her leg. Sliding my hand up her thigh I pressed a finger into her nice very tight ass.

When she returned the favor by shoving a saliva soaked finger in my ass, I just lost it. She kept sucking and swallowing, while I shot spurt after spurt into her mouth. I'm sure my moans and whatever other noises I was making could surely be heard in the hall. Hell I was loud enough they could probably hear it two floors down.

I can tell you this the wonderful feeling of ecstasy and adrenalin that comes from a powerful orgasm is intensified when you have a head rush from being upside down.

My arms hung limply on the floor. My body completely relaxed. I don't know how long I had my eyes closed while as I recovered. When I opened them, I was greeted to an erotic vision. My mystery date was now on her knees, bent over, busy fingering herself. The sounds her cunt made as she jammed a couple fingers in, told me just how excited she was.

I reached up with hands and grabbed the cheeks of her ass. She eased herself backwards as I pulled her to me. With a slight readjustment on her part, I was soon feasting on her juicy cunt. I was going to town licking on her well trimmed snatch. Her pussy lips were wet and tasty. 

"Oh fuck yes..... That's what I've needed." she moaned out.

I continued to lap up her flowing juices like puppy at a bowl of gravy. When I moved my tongue up and caressed her engorged clit she started going wild. 

“AHHHH, YOU’RE GONNA GET ME, OHHHH FUCK” Her voice all but a scream. 

I shoved two fingers into her tight pussy, wrapped my lips around her button and suckled on it.

"MMMMM, UUMMMMNMM, OOOHHH, YES DAMNIT, OHHMMM YES YOU FUCKING BASTARD, SUCK ME!!!! MAKE ME CUM, FUCK YES I'M GOING TO CUM. YES, YES, OHHHH YES. " 

and just when I thought she couldn't get any louder.

" ARRRRGH. OHHH FUCK... AAAAAAAAHHHHH."

And with that she collapsed forward out of my reach. For a few moments she didn't move. Then ever so slowly she began to show signs of life again.

Turning slowly she said to me, "I guess I must set you free now." 

And with that she made her way to the cuffs. Just when I figured she was ready to release them, someone knocked at the door. The first thing that came to mind was, we got busted for extremely loud sex. Just what I need. I could just see it, "And your name sir." the cop would ask.

My thought was broken when my lady friend called out.

"One minute. " 

Suddenly she was grabbing a bath robe and heading to the door.

"Shit." I thought to myself, "She could have unlocked this thing first. At least this contraption is so my back is to the door."

I heard the door open then my friend said to the person at the door. "It looks wonderful."

In a louder voice, speaking to me now, "I took the liberty of ordering us some room service."

"Could you put it on the table over there please."

What the hell was she thinking the only table in this room was in front of me. So much for keeping some of my dignity in tack.

As she entered my view, I noticed the room service clerk looked to be in her late teens, maybe early twenties. Curly strawberry blonde hair and very slender. I doubt she noticed me until after placing the food on the table and turning around. I can only imagine what ran through her mind as she took in the sight. Here she's greeted to a middle age guy hanging upside down, naked except for his pants tied up around his ankles with his belt, sporting a hard cock that was now beginning to drip.

If she was shocked, she never let on. She paused only for a moment then simply smiled and said to me, "Hang in there Batman."

Walking to the door she said, "My name is Alexis. If I can be of any further service, please feel free to call me." then she was gone.

My friend busted out laughing at the whole situation. Then set me free. Standing up right for the first time in about 30 minutes felt good. I wasn't happy with being embarrassed like that, but I was hungry and there was food on the table. Before I was done eating I decided the whole thing wasn't worth being mad at this incredibly pretty and sensual woman over.

We ate over polite conversation. But nothing said brought me any closer to figuring this riddle out.

"So you've waited 20 years for this huh?" Okay so I was fishing for information. Who knows, maybe I could learn something. 

"I warned you back then."

"Sorry, but I don't remember you telling me about any plans to hang me upside down, locking me that way, giving me a fantastic blowjob, then embarrassing me in front of the room service gal."

"I wasn't that specific on details. But I told you that one day, I was going to fuck you. The room service dudette was just bonus. Besides she enjoyed the show, she gave me a thumbs up and a wink as she was walking out."

"Well I should point out that 'technically' you haven't fucked me yet."

A sultry smile graced her lips as she stood, dropped the robe and walked over to me. Straddling my legs she grasped my cock, placed the head at the entrance to pussy and sat down. In one smooth motion I was buried all the way inside her.

With a slow, tantalizing up and down motion, her hot, tight pussy began to fuck my cock. 

"I told you."

The cunt on this lady was so wet and tight, if I hadn't already lost my memory, this would probably erased it. Freely mobile now, I grabbed a handful of her hair. Not so gently I pulled her head back so I could kiss and lick her neck. This sexual creature was amazing, she never missed a stroke as she rode me. My right hand started to feel her beautiful tits.

"Mmmmm. This is good." she moaned

As nice as her pussy felt riding me, I wanted to fuck her. I pushed her off me and said, "Lets mess up the bed some."

She gave me a deep sole melting kiss. Then taking me by the cock she led me to the bed. We kissed again. While we were kissing we lowered ourselves with me on top of her. I held her pretty face in my hands and looked into her dark eyes as I slid my meat back into her. Her eyes widened as she felt me pushing deep inside of her.

"Fuck me hard. Don't be gentle. Take my body. Fuck me." 

A request I couldn't refuse.

Grabbing her hips I began to thrust harder and harder. Her big tits were shaking and jiggling as our bodies were slamming together. I bent over and started to suck and nibble on one of her big brown nipples. Both her moaning and wetness increased. I slowed my pumping to prevent from blowing my load too soon.

"Take me from behind. Fuck the shit out of me. Make me cum over and over."

I pulled my cock out of her supper slick cunt and allowed her to reposition herself. I had to taste her again. So before I slipped my meat back inside her, I pushed my face into her pussy and jammed my tongue into her hot dripping hole.

"Ohhh Yes! I just love your tongue. Lick me baby. Lick my cunny good."

Her body tensed and a small orgasm rippled through her.

"AHHHHH. That was nice but I want your dick inside of me. I need you to fuck me."

I got back on my knees ready to fuck her some more. 

"I should punish you for earlier. Locking me upside down and letting room service in."

"Maybe you sho....."

SMACK. My hand came down on her ass. Followed by several more. Each time my hand spanked her ass a yelp escaped her lips. But she didn't pull away or protest. I smacked her ass a few more times turning it bright red.

"AAARRGGG. YOUR MAKING ME SO FUCKING HOT. DAMNIT FUCK ME!!!!"

In one hard thrust I slammed my cock home. I pumped her cunt hard from behind. My hanging balls swinging and hitting her clit with each stroke.

"OHHH FUCK..... HERE IT COMES! KEEP PUMPING YOUR COCK INTO MY PUSSY!!!"

I reached down and lightly massaged her button with one hand while reached around to grope her hanging tits. That sent her into orbit.

"AAAAHHH. I'M CUMMING YOU BASTARD! KEEP FUCKING ME! FUCK ME HARD!!! AAARRRGGG! OHHH FUCK!"

She kept screaming but the words became unintelligible around this time.

The orgasm that ripped through her body continued. The spasms from her pussy around my cock felt incredible.

I kept groping her tits, pinching and pulling her nipples. Her body rolled from one orgasm to the next. She kept rocking back and forth. Slamming her body into mine.
