 Shanti squirmed nervously as she sat in her high-backed wooden chair. The faces of the bored students told her they didn't know what was making her so nervous.

If they'd known she had a 19 year old student in the Graduation class with his tongue eagerly lapping up and down the inside of her thigh and pushing toward her gooey cunt, they would have been far more attentive.

She is very lovely, in the full bloom of youth. She is very sexy. Slender and dusky, she has an elegant face, with high cheekbones, a straight nose, perfect teeth, a lovely smile and dark, elongated, *kajal*-rimmed eyes. 

Her mouth is sexy with a slender upper lip, the lower full and straight. The chin and jaw are beautifully sculpted and firm. 

Her shoulder length hair is dark and silky smooth, held by a plain cotton ring. She wears small diamond earrings, finger-rings and toe-rings and a gold chain twinkles around her long and graceful neck. 

There are sexy hollows in her throat and shoulders. Her body is stunningly curved. Her breasts are full and ripe, tipped with dark aureoles and stubby nipples. 

Her belly is firm and flat, her hips are flared, and her buttocks are delectable curves. Her limbs are slender and well-turned with shapely legs and slender ankles and wrists. Her fingers and toes are long and well-shaped. Between her legs, the dark delta of her pubic hair is neatly trimmed but they didn't know that Vijay, their classmate, was under their history teacher's desk. 

They didn't know she had her petticoat hiked up around her waist. And they definitely didn't know what she was feeling at that instant as the youngman's tongue drove mercilessly into her juicy cunt.

"Uh, and who, uh, ummmm, who can t-tell me wh-when the Panipat 2nd war happen?" she stammered.

It was getting harder and harder for her to keep talking. 

The words jumbled together the closer that lapping tongue came to her hot little pussy.

"Uh, 1789?" came a faint voice from the back of the room.

Shanti Rangaswamy couldn't even' concentrate. The date may have been right or it could have been wildly wrong. All she cared about was getting tongue fucked.

"Good. Now, class, r-read the next chapter wh-while I correct your tests from yesterday." She heard a faint snicker from under her desk. Vijay was enjoying the feeling of power he had over her. She didn't dare call him on it. The humiliation of being found with the youngman under her petticoat and licking her twat would be too much.

She would also get her ass fired so quick she wouldn't know what happened for a solid week.

Leaning back in the desk chair and straightening her legs, she was able to give the pussy-eating student a better shot at her cunt. His rough, wet, pink tongue slurped up the tiny flood of her cunt juices. Nearer and nearer he came to her pussy lips. As his tongue brushed against the blood-engorged cunt lips, she came.

It wasn't a fireworks-flashing and heavens crashing come. It was simply a sharp intake of her breath and warmth flooding her entire body. She felt her tits pressing hotly against the confines of her bra. For the millionth time she wished she wasn't wearing it. The cloth chafed and rubbed her tender tits until she wanted to scream.

But, of course, that was out of the question. Teachers didn't scream for no apparent reason in the middle of class.

His tongue slipped under one of the quivering flaps of her mint lips and probed into her cunt hole. She shivered in reaction. Hot and cold surges raced up her spine. She had to bite her lower lip to keep from yelling out something obscene like, "Tongue-fuck me, Vijay darling. I want to feel that wet tongue of yours drilling deep into my poor little cunt!" No matter how much she wanted to cry out those words, they were forbidden to her. And her student knew it. He enjoyed putting her in spots like this. Never before had he actually eaten her out in public like this, but he had pinched her ass, run his hand up under her petticoat and Vijay other things that would normally have gotten him expelled.

But Shanti Rangaswamy didn't dare turn her young student in for disciplinary action. Not when she and Vijay had been fucking since the beginning of College. She couldn't really remember how it had started. She had gone to a College fest with a friend. Before they had gotten out of his car, they'd shared a joint.

The pungent fumes of the dope had muddied her brain. Somehow, she'd been separated from her date, or he'd left her for another woman. Vijay had been on hand and more than willing to give his history teacher a helping hand.

Maybe she'd made the play for him. Maybe he'd seen the opportunity and taken it. It didn't matter. They'd fucked like rabbits under the shamiana in one of the stalls of the Fest. Long after the Fest was over and done, they were down there fucking. When she wore him out, he'd eat her pussy until she came.

By then, he'd have his erection back. The man was a tireless sex fiend. He could fuck all night long and often did.

Since that time, he had been after her constantly. She felt the lion bonds of his trap perfectly. Anything a nineteen-year-old horny youngman did was just fine. A respectable history teacher at Walter Williams Memorial High . College couldn't afford the slightest hint of scandal.

Someone might actually find out why she'd been asked to oh-so-quietly leave the city's other high College. Shanti Rangaswamy was over-sexed. She couldn't handle herself when the chance for a good fuck came along. She'd been caught fucking the football coach at Anna High College just after a game in the College's locker room...

If a couple of the students hadn't seen them, everything would have been cool. But it wasn't. She was forced to take a job at Williams High and Vic had left town in shame.

She abandoned herself to the sensual feelings assaulting her body. His tongue probed deeply into her cunt. Then he began tongue-fucking her with more force than she would have believed possible. His tongue might have been a prick and it was so hard and long.

Swirling in her cunt hole like a tornado, he sucked up all the flowing love juices from her twat. His lips pressed firmly against hers as his tongue tried desperately to dig all the way up into her steamy, humid little twat.

As his soft lips caressed her cut, she came again. The teacher was aware she was sweating profusely now. In the airy autumn weather, there was no explanation for it-except sex. And as hip as her students were, it wouldn't take them long to figure out why she was gasping like a fish out of water and twitching around on her chair like it was electrified.

Luckily for the teacher, the bell rang ending class. She was limp as a dish rag and feeling the full effects of the youngman's tongue working all over her snatch.

"Remember your homework is due tomorrow, she said in a shaky voice. "Dismissed!" They shot out of the classroom like a rocket sled on rails. In less than a minute., the Loom was empty. Empty except for her and the man avidly sucking on her clit.

"C-come on up, Vijay," she said to the youngman crouching under her desk. It took a few seconds. for him to unbend his long, gangly legs. His flame red hair seemed to reflect lines of gold she had never noticed before.

He smiled broadly. "Didn't ,you' like me sucking on your little cunt?" "You shouldn't have done it. You could have gotten us both into a shitload of trouble!" she flared.

"Shitload? Tch-tch, such language and from a teacher, too and don't hand me any of that skit that you didn't like the feel of my tongue up your cunt or my lips all over your pussy lips." He was smug and self-assured. And the gleam from around his lips was definitely the remains of her cunt juice that he'd failed to lap up. 

She shuddered as she looked at him. She'd created ~a monster in a moment of doped-up indiscretion, How could she get rid of him? 

"Let's do something a bit more satisfying," he said. "Hop up on your desk and spread. Those lovely legs of yours. I think I want to bury my pecker in that gooey cunt of yours." "Now look, Vijay) this has gone far enough!" 

"The hell it has, doll. It's just starting. I mean, gosh, Miss Rangaswamy, you and me and, the principal and maybe the PTA and all those busybodies all the time talking about teacher student sex on college campus... think of the field day the newspapers would have if they found out one of their high teachers was actually seducing one of her pupils." 

She looked him square in the eye and decided he wasn't bluffing. He'd go straight to the newspapers with his story if she didn't let him fuck her. There wasn't any way she could avoid doing what he commanded. With society the way it was these days, they'd never believe her. And Vijay could make up such a lurid account everyone would want to believe it was true.

He could tell them about wild orgies that never happened, how she had virtually raped him, how she fucked various men while forcing him to watch, how she did all manner of perverted things! "Okay, Vijay. This is the last time, though No more after this quickie," she said, not really believing it and If he could force her to fuck this time, he could do it again and again. She was his sex slave.

Sex slave to a nineteen-year-old satyr! She hopped up onto her desk and dangled her long, slender brown legs over the side. She felt his saliva drying on the insides of her thighs. She opened her legs a little to let the cool, crisp air from the opened window flutter in. As it caressed her crotch, she shivered.

It wouldn't be that bad, letting the youngman fuck her. He was one hell of a cocksman. He knew all the moves. And in a few years, he'd be the finest stud she'd ever had. All it took was practice and she was certainly giving him all that and more.

"God; I can never get over how damned good' you look!" he said, the words whistling through his teeth.

His eyes raked her tender body. She was twenty-nine and lush. That was the only word for it: lush. Her tits were more than any man's mouth could hold. And it would take someone with huge hands to even encircle those succulent mountains of tit flesh.

He wished she wasn't wearing that goddamned bra. He liked to see her nipples poking hard and mushroom-like against her blouse. That way, when he opened the blouse to spill out the tasty melons of flesh, the nipples would drag and rub against the cloth, making her even hotter.

But those twin mounds of boob were hardly all that pulled him like iron to a magnet. She had a trim waist, no trace of flab at all. He could almost circle her waist using both his hands. And if he did, all he would find would be vibrant, all-alive, all-loving woman.

But it was her ass so sexily perched on the edge of the desk that turned him on the most. He loved the womanly flare of the woman's behind. He could fuck her thinking about that soft, springy cushion and really get his rocks off.

Reaching out, he grabbed one of her ankles in each of his hands. Lifting, he moved quickly between her wide-spread legs. His cock was hammering hard and long and needy. He had to get into that yearning, juicy cunt and fast or he'd certainly blow his wad.

"Get that petticoat up high," he commanded.

She obeyed. He had already removed her panties so when she hiked the sari and petticoat up to her waist, all he saw was the gleaming gash of her cunt. The raven black fur surrounding her cunt hole was glitter with her excited cunt sauce.

"God, you got a beautiful snatch," he said, licking his lips. His hands shook just a little as he pulled her legs in to his sides. He loved the way the soft, smooth flesh rubbed against his body. If he couldn't get her totally bare-ass naked in a bed to fuck, this was just about as good.

She shuddered as his hands moved up her legs. The satiny skin flowed under his grip until he was cupping the swells of her ass cheeks. She groaned once, then opened her eyes and looked between his legs. His prick was jutting out of his pants, an ugly red.

He was ready to fuck.

And she was ready for him.

"Hurry,, damn you, hurry!" she urged.

Her body was shaking with need. She had to feel his long, hard prick fucking her. The hollow feeling inside her cunt had grown until it threatened to devour her. The eating out he'd given her had only ignited the fires of lust in her body. Nothing less than an all-out fucking would possibly quench her raging desires now, "So you're hot for my cock, huh?" he said. "Okay, teacher, let me give it to you! Balls deep!" He rammed forward. And his aim was accurate. 

He split her pussy lips with the turgid head of his cock and then dived deep into the humid channel of her cunt. They gasped in unison as his purple headed cock vanished from sight in her snatch.

She lifted her ass a little off the desk. She tried> to shove her body down hard around his impossibly long prick. He wasn't thick but his cock was long-very long.

She shuddered again and closed her eyes. She concentrated on the way her body was reacting to this brutal fucking.

There was no skill in the way he simply shoved his prick into her steamy hot twat. He didn't tease or torment her with the blunted end of his cock before penetrating her softly yielding body. There were no words of endearment; he didn't say he loved her. Why should he lie? Both of them knew this was pure physical sex. - They were fucking because they were both homier than hell. And it felt good having his prick buried all the way up her cunt. There was nothing elaborate about motives. It felt good.

"Go on, dammit, go on! Move! I want to feel that fuckin' cock of yours moving inside me!" She hated it when he laughed at her, but she knew there was nothing she could do about it. He was calling the shots. Even though she was the teacher and he was her student, he was the one who was in control. The way he was blackmailing her made her cringe with shame. It shouldn't happen to a dog, yet it was definitely happening to her.

But what sweet torture! His cock was pulsing and bucking like a racehorse ready to be loaded into a starting gate. She imagined she could even feel the contours of his long prick. The thick blue vein on top of his cock throbbed with lust every time his heartbeat.

And the folds of skin all along his prick slowly vanished as his lust mounted. The more he desired her, the more her steaming hot cant worked its magic on his prick, the less loose skin there was. Soon, the skin was stretched along his cock as taut as the head of a drum.

The woman felt the sexual tensions building in her belly. The single swift entry all the way up into her twat had taken her breath away. Now she supported her weight on her hands, body rocked back, legs locked around the youngman's body as if she were afraid he might escape.

There wasn't any chance that would happen. He wanted to fuck her as badly as she wanted him to.

"Shit, you got the hottest cunt ever and even hotter than that slut of a head girl Nutan!" The teacher didn't like him comparing her to the one cheerleader who would put out for any of the guys who asked. She remembered hearing about a wild party where Nancy had pulled a train twelve guys long-and then asked for more. Finally, the entire basketball team had gang-raped her. And she was still horny and hot for more cock.

Then all such thoughts were driven from her mind. He began fucking her with long, deep motions of his hips. His prick slipped back down her well-greased cunt until just the glance of his prick split her turgid pussy lips. The pink flaps were trembling like leaves in the wind. Then he slowly stuffed his prick back into her juiced-up silt.

"Faster, oh, ummmm, oh your cock! It's so looooong! But fuck me! Fuck my poor little cunny! I want to feel you moving inside me!" "Wanna get fucked, huh? Want it bad?" he demanded.

"Stop playing with me! Fuck me good! Your cock is so nice in me. It fills me up. I... I'm going mad! Fuck me!" "Sounds like you want this!" He punctuated his last word with a sharp inward movement of his hips. He ground his bush into the woman's. Her cunt juices trickled out around the thick plug of his prick and then trickled down across his balls. He didn't laugh. But it did feel damned good for him.

She was hot. She was juicy. And she was homier than hell-and for him! A teenaged stud in one of this mature woman's classes and he was balling her like any college guy could, maybe better. The feeling of power he had over her increased.

There was a bit of scorn for the woman, just a bit, but there was also a large measure of desire. Her cunt gripped his prick like it would never let him go free.

He pulled back, breaking her death's grip on his cock. When only the tip of his throbbing cock remained inside her cunt again, he paused. Sweat ran down his face and got into his eyes. He had to brush it away. He wanted to see every little thing as he fucked this willing, completely wanton College teacher.

She was biting down on her lower lip again with enough force to bring blood. The tiny river of red dribbling down her cheek was going totally unnoticed. She was too wrapped up in the cock driving hard into her cunt. That was her universe. Everything revolved around that axis of hard manmeat.

Her eyes were screwed tightly closed so he couldn't see the piercing green of her irises. The wild strands of her black hair flew in all directions, as wanton as she was. She held the hem of her petticoat up so that he could get a clear view of the cunt he was so avidly fucking.

The brownish-pink scalloped, inner pussy lips poked out and lewdly kissed his cock. The red pillar of his prick drove relentlessly in and out of her cunt mouth. The juices leaking from her snatch lubricated his cock to the point where he felt almost no friction as his prick rubbed sensuously against her cunt walls.

But if he didn't feel the friction then, that didn't mean he wasn't getting a large charge out of the flicking. The sight of him bringing the woman to such a state of arousal and was enough to keep him hard. But the real thrill was feeling that clinging soft cunt grabbing feverishly at his cock.

If he'd flicked into a slot lined with velvet he couldn't have found a silkier feeling berth. And the heat boiling from her cunt threatened to melt him down.

"Here it comes!" he grunted and then his hips exploded in a wild frenzy of fucking.

He was tireless as he drove his prick into her tight little pussy. She sucked his prick in with a violence that left him gasping for air but, he never slackened his pace. His prick flew like lightning in and out of her gooey twat.

She was coming totally alive now. His cock was touching even her most deeply buried nerves. She was letting him have his will with her. The way he fucked her took her breath away.

The warmth spread throughout her loins. As his prick continued fucking furiously into her, the cunt juices burned away and she felt his naked cock against the trembling walls of her cunt. She tightened her stomach muscles and really clamped down hard on his buried cock.

He grunted and she came. The completely filled feeling assaulted her totally. She lifted her ass up off the desk again and tried humping herself to get even more of his delicious prick into her needy cunt.

Twisting and turning, she shoved herself down into his groin. His cock fucked even deeper into her softly held cunt. The warmth turned into a small fire. The tiny blaze burst into a blinding explosion that shook her teeth together hard.

She came.

Her words had long since become incoherent. 

She cut loose with a long, heartfelt,"AAAAAieeeeeee!" that rattled the windows in the room. She no longer cared if anyone saw them, heard them. Her emotions were running away with her now.

"God, not so fucking loud!" he whispered. "If someone sees us...
