 Shanti existed through her last class of the day and it seemed to be an eternity before the final bell rang. Luckily, the class evacuated the room as if the building were on fire.

She was free to go find Adi. Thinking throughout the long class about what she should do had made her seem distant, remote from the questions. But she didn't give a damn. 

The hunger she felt deep in her cunt was more important to her than the questions those snotty-nosed kids came up with. 

She had to keep her life on an even keel or how could she possibly be expected to perform well as a teacher? 

She hastily left the class, almost running. She wanted to catch Adi in his chemistry lab down the hall. 

Shanti slid to a halt and peered into the room. Adi was nowhere to be seen.

She rushed to the window looking out on the parking lot. There was Adi Narayan just putting the key into the door of his car. 

Shanti cursed under her breath and hurried down the stairs, hoping to catch the other teacher before he left.

Luck was finally with her. 

The Principal had called out to Adi and stopped the man from leaving. By the time she got to Adi's car, the principal had gone.

"ADI!" she cried. "Wait a second!" Adi Narayan looked up and smiled. He'd had the hot for her ever since she'd transferred into the College. 

Passing a few minutes talking to her would be a lot better than knocking off a few beers at a bar.

"Hi, Shanti. What can I do for you?" She blushed. She took that in a way entirely different than Adi had meant it.

Or had he meant it exactly the way she thought? "Well, uh, Adi, I don't know how to say this." 

"Straight ahead is the best way, Shanti." His eyes weren't on her emerald green ones. They were raking her body from her toes to the top of her head. And he liked what he saw.

She wasn't wearing any fancy clothes, plain saree and a blouse, bra was missing. She didn't have to encase her legs in the smoky fabric to make them look good and she had a nice, even dark skin that appealed to him. 

Although she obviously spent a lot of time in the sun, her skin didn't have that brittle, dried look. It was smooth-and he guessed it would feel - even smoother flowing under his fingers as he stroked upwards toward her hidden snatch.

The woman's tits weren't held in check by a bra. He didn't much care for that, but what the hell? The College dress codes required it of the women teachers, another mark against the puritanical College bard.

But Shanti had a trim waist he would love putting his hands around, boobs obviously, big enough for any man, even one having a thing for good-sized tits. And her face was a classic sculpture, It was offset just right with the black hair flowing all around it like some dark halo.

He wouldn't mind sticking it to this broad at all. But she had always seemed so stand-offish. Not a prick teaser, but just distant. It was a pity to waste good material.

And Shanti's ass was one of the best.

"I guess you're fight, Adi. Look, I saw you and Ramya this afternoon." She paused and studied his reaction. There was a slight tensing of his body but it was hardly noticeable. He kept his face almost impassive.

"So?" "So I saved your asses from the Principal. He almost came in on you while you were in the middle of, uh. .

"Of fucking Ramya? Why not just say it, Shanti? You were obviously watching us." She blushed again. Was it that obvious? She had to control her racing heart. It threatened to run away from her. She took a couple deep breaths which did nothing except make her boobs rise and fall in the most seductive manner possible.

"Okay. I saw you and Ramya fucking. And God, what a cock you've got!" she burst out.

Horrified, she turned a bright red. For a moment, Adi looked stunned and then he laughed.

"Shit! I never heard of such a thing before. You watched, you enjoyed it, now you want some action, is that it?" 

"Yes, I guess it is." 

"What makes you think I'll give it to you? Just because you saw us screwing in the teachers' lounge?" 

"I don't have any reason to think you won't, either." 

He smiled broadly. "And you're right. Your place or mine?" Shanti was stunned into speechlessness. 

She hadn't expected him to pick up an her request this fast. Maybe ask her to have a drink, then dinner and finally spring that time-honored question.

But he just came right out with it. And she was ecstatic!

"Why not right here?" It was his turn to look stunned. 

"In the parking lot? Hell, woman, there are students coming and going all around here. They'd see us!" 

"Yeah," she said, her mind racing. This was going to be a real turn-on. 

She wanted his cock, sure. She wanted it as badly as she'd ever wanted anything in her life. But it could be an added thrill-the thrill of possible discovery by the students or other teachers. To fuck in full view of the College! 

"You're serious, aren't you?" he asked, edging closer to her. His hand snaked around her waist and pulled her close. "You want to wait for sundown or start right now?" The sun was going down rapidly, but Shanti's lust / was mounting to the breaking point. 

She gave him his answer with a kiss. A. hungry, demanding kiss that left no question in his mind what she wanted.

She wanted cock and she wanted it now! Her lips parted just a little when she felt his press firmly into her mouth. It took only a second for a hard tongue to race into her mouth. He found her tongue and engaged it in an erotic duel. Stroking and caressing, he pushed her passions even higher.

She was gasping for breath by the time she broke off the kiss. She tried to back away a step but couldn't. His hand was still firmly around her waist. He was pulling her bulging pussy mound into the top of his leg. She rubbed up and down on his leg like a cat against a pole.

It felt good, damned good. And it was only a promise of better things to come. The tenting in his trousers told her he was as aroused as she was. And he wasn't going to put off fucking her for long. He wouldn't be able to control himself that long holding a hot wench, you know that?

"Yes. Now shut up and fuck me! Like you fucked Ramya! I want it all, all of it. Every last goddamn inch!" His hand snaked over the curve of her ass and cupped one of her buttocks. Squeezing a little, he pulled her even closer. His mouth clamped against hers and his tongue tumbled all over hers.

Their saliva mixed like fine wines. Shanti felt herself getting drunk on it. This was even better than she'd anticipated. She was enjoying the thrill of him kissing her, fondling her ass, feeling his leg as she rubbed her now leaking cunt over it.

Even more exciting was the possibility of discovery. This gave an added zest to what they were doing. They'd have to be fast about fucking. It was already twilight. In a little while, it would be dark enough to switch on the lights in the parking lot. When that happened, they would be like actors on the center of a well-lit stage.

Her hand slipped down inside his trousers. 

She found his rigid cock. It was already bucking and throbbing with lust. She stroked up and down it a few times to let him know what was going tote coming his way soon "Ummm, I like that. You handle cock well. How about in other places?" 

"The tightest and hottest around!" 

"I think you're bragging." 

"I'm telling the truth. Why not find out?" She unzipped his pants and let his prick come dancing out. It was jerking and bounding around like a stallion waiting for a mare. 

His hand began bunching up her sari and petticoat until it was hiked up in between them to expose her snatch.

Pressed as closely together as they were, an observer might have thought they were merely enjoying a very passionate kiss. That observer wouldn't have been able to see the plum-tipped prick heading directly for the bottom of the furry vee of her bush.

Shanti moaned softly when she felt his long, hard cock poking into her cunt lips. She spread her legs a bit wider and firmed up her stance while opening her cunt to the man's cock.

He had to bend down to get under her twat, but that was small price to pay for paradise.

When he stiffened his legs and sent his prick arrow up into her cunt, she almost passed out. She thought that fainting routine was something that only happened to the heroines in the gothic romances she read.

It wasn't. It was a perfectly normal physical reaction to having a huge cock driven hard into her cunt.

She twisted and turned and moaned around the tip of his prick. The bulbous end seemed to fill her to overflowing. Never had she had a cock stretch and pull her cunt in all directions like his did. Not only was he long, he was thick.

The girth of his cock actually threatened to rip and tear her most delicate membrane. But she sighed and tried to relax. Her cunt walls stretched enough to take his huge prick.

And then she said, "Go on! Fuck me good!" 

"Fuck you? Christ, I just want to stand here! You weren't shitting me when you said you had the tightest and hottest cunt, ever!" 

She clutched him to her body. The feel of his prick resting in her cunt was so comforting. At the same time it was exciting her. She felt her fuck fluids dribbling out around her pussy lips. The thick juices went on down his prick and tickled his balls.

But still he didn't move.

She tensed her cunt muscles just a bit and clamped down on his buried cock. She felt the thick blue vein on the top pulsing with life. Every time his heartbeat and, it would twitch just a little. And the folds of skin rapidly vanished as his prick inflated to full hardness.

She sighed and allowed her legs to bend a little.

This crammed her twat down even more firmly on the impaling rod of his prick. The way his cock was responding made her feel better. It excited her, sure, but it also made her more aware of her potential.

She wasn't going to be turned down by him. She was a worthwhile woman who could make a man all hot and bothered. And she was proving it every second that cock was in her heated tunnel of love.

"Fuck me now?" she whispered in his ear. 

He didn't answer. His lips kissed her cheek, then he started licking back along the line of her jaw. When he got to her ear, he breathed hot and heavy for a moment. 

Her already sensitive earlobe seemed to be nothing but raw nerve endings.

When his teeth gently closed on the lobe of flesh, she gasped. She had to keep herself from coming. His cock was bouncing around against her cunt walls, but he hadn't started fucking her yet. Just the light touch of his teeth against her ear was. all it took to get her really wound up and ready to fuck.

"Forget my ear! Fuck me, damn you! I want you!" His tongue slammed into the tiny hollow of her ear, cock-hard. His tongue imitated what she wanted him to do with his prick. Still, she had to admit he was getting her hotter than she'd thought possible.

Never had her passions been strung out like this. 

She was a taut wire ready for the lightest pluck to send her singing. Her fingers clawed and clutched at the man's back. She was at the verge of shredding his shirt, but neither of them noticed. They were too busy concentrating on more exciting things.

"Want this?" he said, giving his hips a little upward jerk. "How bad do you want it?" 

"With all my life! Fuck me, you silly son of a bitch! Fuck me good. Just like you did Ramya!" 

He laughed. "That good, huh? You want the deluxe edition. Nothing second best for you. Okay. You're gonna get it!" He bent his legs just a little, then stiffened his knees. 

His prick wetly glided from her cunt. She moaned as it left. When only the broad arrowhead of his cock was inside her pussy lips, he drove back into her soft, wet, yielding cunt.

He almost lifted her off her feet. She clung hopelessly to him. She was too weak to do anything else. That prick in her cunt made her into a thing of rubber. Wobbly, she couldn't help but teeter and sway around the thick, impaling pillar of his cock.

"Like that?" "I love it! Gimme more! Fuck me haaaaaard!" He fucked her hard. Harder than she'd thought possible standing up. But still the feel of the prick in her cunt wasn't good enough for her. She wanted -she demanded! -more.

She deftly lifted her right leg and snaked it around the man's waist. This opened her cunt up to him even more. And every single upward stroke into her hidden depths was the most penetrating she'd ever felt. As he fucked her, he rattled her teeth.

Her vision blurred and the world spun around her in a crazy vortex. This was what she'd needed so long. This man's long, demanding, satisfying prick was the, antidote for all her problems.

She was horny. He used his cock like a master.. She was getting all the man meat she could take up her mint.

"More!" she demanded hotly. "Giinme all you've got! Your sweet fucking cock! I want it! I want it!" He grunted as he twisted and turned. His prick was no longer ramming, straight up into her twat. He was spiral in, corkscrewing to give an added dimension to the fucking.

Losing his balance, he fell back against his car. He propped his ass on the fender, the woman's leg resting along the cool metal. From this vantage point, he was able to get better traction. His body movements took on an air of more power. He was able to fuck her even harder.

The liquid squishing noise of a cock racing into an excited cunt seemed to echo across the now desertedi parking lot. The prick was burning the woman's cunt to a cinder. She shuddered every time that hot poker raced into her hungry twat.

"More," she continued to beg. "Give me that cock till it comes out my mouth!" He was gasping from the exertion. Sweat ran down his face, got in his eyes. But he wasn't about to reach up and wipe it away. Not when he had a double handful of the sweetest ass he'd ever fucked.

Squeezing down on his erotic handholds, he was able to pull her ass cheeks apart, then rotate them in wide circles. This tightened her already small cunt and made it feel as if there were millions of fingers inside her cunt massaging his prick.

"Can't hold back much longer. Damn, but you.. . you're milking my goddamn balls!" 

"Come in my cunt! I want to feel your jism spurting into my guts!" For a long minute he pumped hard into her demanding twat. 

His prick was beginning to drag from friction along her pussy walls. He had long since burned away her lubricating sauce.

A cold voice called to them ''What the hell's going on?" Surprised, Adi turned and stared at the security guard standing in front of their car. The man held a flashlight on them.

A thrill of honor passed through Shanti's cunt. She felt her pussy tighten all around the cock buried deep in her belly. 

They'd been seen, they were discovered fucking in the parking lot like a couple of teenagers! "Nothing, Hukam Singh. Just getting in a little extra-curricular activity, you know?

"Sure thing, Mr. Narayan. The lights will be on in about five minutes. You might want to, uh, be finished by then."

"Fine," said Adi in a voice almost too weak for the security guard to hear. But the tone was all that mattered. The guard drove on his rounds, satisfied that a couple of kids weren't desecrating his College.

"God! I thought he'd arrest us!" 

"Don't worry about him. He's one of the good guys. If we'd been students, though, he'd have chased us out. Now where were we?"

"You Were fucking me silly." 

"Oh, yes. And that cunt of yours really reached out and gave me one hell of a big squeeze, didn't it? When we were discovered." 

Those words worked their magic on the woman again. She remembered the fear that had almost paralyzed her. And her cunt contracted around the man's, buried cock again.

"Ummm, yeah! That's it!" And then his hips broke loose. He fucked the hell out of her cunt. The man's prick seemed to be made of stainless steel. He was a machine, a fucking machine intent on driving her insane with ecstasy.

She came like a ton of bricks falling from the Empire State Building. She never even felt his hot, stringy jism spewing into her convulsing cunt. She was too wrapped up in the wondrous feelings assaulting her senses.

When she drifted down from her wonderful sexual high, she clung weakly to Adi's strong frame.

"It was super, Adi, just great!" 

"Glad you liked it. But it did cost me some money.

"Huh?" "I was leaning against the car. When we really got to humping, I put too much of a strain on the car's shock absorber. 

Have to get some new ones installed." She laughed and hugged him even closer.

This was more like it. 

For the first time in weeks and weeks, the woman's sex itch had been erased. 

She was satiated and content-for the moment.