 Warning* 

If you're a person easily offended by sexual acts in relation to religious figures and places of worship, it might be a good idea to skip this story. 

*****

My name's Lance Longwood. I'm a former 'kick ass' cop. For nearly ten years I hunted down the bad guys and sent their asses to jail. I loved my job but the pay was shitty, so in order to compensate for the lack of wages, I decided to take on a part-time gig shaking down low level drug dealers. I made some good money until I got greedy and fucked with the younger brother of one of the big boys. He had me setup and the next thing I know, I'm busted and suddenly the 'kick ass' guy who sends the bad boyz to jail is now a bad boy who has to kick ass in jail. Thankfully I had enough pull to have my five year stretch reduced to two years, not to say it wasn't easy, but it didn't take long to convince my new prison mates, I wasn't a guy to fuck with.

I served my two years and came back home in disgrace. My wife divorced me while I did my time and my kids won't speak to me. I lost my pension, my ability to get decent job and most of all the respect I earned over the years. I lived in a homeless shelter for a couple of months until got a job at a funky ass fish market, but at least I earned enough to get a place where the landlord should be paying me to stay there. 

Life was rough so I concluded that since everyone viewed me as a good for nothing thug, I may as well put those talents to use. I became 'Your friendly neighborhood thug'. I robbed and stole from anyone unfortunate enough to wonder into my path. Soon people on the street began referring to me as 'Sinbad' noting I was so bad it was a sin.

I'd like to share a recent experience I had, something I'd rather not share with people who run in my circle.

A while back I saw an old friend. He said he was getting married and planning to leave the state. I was shocked to hear this and when I inquired as to what would've caused him to make such a decision, I mean this guy was a straight up street thug since middle school. He told me that he found love, and religion, he turned his life around and was planning to start his life anew. 

Of course I was skeptical but I could see the look of sincerity in his eyes. I wondered if I'd ever find someone or something to help turn my life around, if I did, it'd have to be a miracle. 

At any rate, I told him about the changes I'd been going through and of course he tries to convert me, but I didn't have time for that shit. Then he told me the strangest thing. He said this would be his last act of sin for a friend. He told me that before he turned his life around, he often robbed a catholic cathedral near by. 

After picking myself up off the floor from laughing so hard, I questioned why he'd tell me something like this and once again he said it was his last act of sin.

I bulked at his offer and challenged his sincerity; I mean come on, robbing a church.

The guy just laughed and told me that every first Thursday night of the month, they stored nearly ten thousand dollars in a flimsy safe. He freely admitted that he never got up the nerve to pull off the caper, being a Catholic himself, but he often dreamed of pulling the job off. He explained in detail exactly how he'd pull the job off and how all I needed was a good pair of bolt cutters, not even a weapon was necessary. 

I know I came up Baptist, but since when did that absolve me from guilt, shame, and crimes committed against god and the church? 

The guy merely said he was offering his help.

At first I was repulsed and disgusted that anyone would entertain even the idea of committing such an atrocity, but as the weeks went by and I came home night after night smelling like fish, to an apartment that nearly smelled as bad, not to mention the rats, roaches and substandard living conditions, that cathedral started looking more and more tempting. 

Almost subconsciously I began strolling pass the cathedral on my way home. I told myself it was just a change in my routine commute but in reality I was actually casing the place. 

When they laid me off from the fish market, something clicked. I could take losing my job as a cop, going to jail, losing my wife and my kids, but being laid off from a shit-hole was the last straw. 

I went to the service that very next Sunday to outright case the place with full intension to rob it. I boldly walked up to the front of the church, taking note of the rear entrance leading to the staircase. I imagined the upper floor, the long hallway leading to the room where they kept the safe. I was amazed at how much I remembered so many details, considering I believe I wasn't paying this friend any attention. 

By Thursday night I was ready to make my move. I stole a good pair of bolt cutters, put on a black pair of jeans, a black ribbed wife-beater, black leather jacket, and a black baseball cap. 

I arrived at the church a little after midnight and was surprised at how easy it was to jimmy the flimsy rear door open. It was pretty eerie and I freely admit I was spooked as I crept about in the darkness. The shadowy figures, stained glass windows and all the religious symbols caused me to second guess myself several times. I kept wondering if I could actually live with myself for doing this blasphemous act, yet I drove on determined to make this happen. If there was only half the money in that safe as my friend claimed, I'd have enough to regain a foothold in this crappy life I made for myself. Hell, I even contemplated turning my own life around, leave the state, find a nice religious girl, settle down and start a whole new life, or at least that's the reason I gave to somehow justify my act of malice.

I slowly made my way upstairs, down the hallway, and found the door to the room unlocked. Things were going my way and I reasoned this was a good sign.

I stepped inside the room, walked over to the far wall and pulled back the wall size tapestry to see a small door with a combination lock, just as my friend described. I use the bolt cutters to sever the combination lock, grasp the handle and was about to yank it open when I heard something move nearby. Unlike my friend I wasn't about to get caught without a weapon. I raised my 357 Magnum as I strolled over by the window. I saw the curtain move ever so slightly, confirming my suspicion. I was not alone.

"Ok come from behind that curtain and I suggest you do it slow, and I mean, real slow," I warned. I was prepared for a lot of things, but when I saw a nun emerge from the curtains I nearly took a dump in my pants. 

"What the hell are you doing here," I snapped.

"I could ask you the same thing sir,' she countered.

"Well since I'm the one holding the gun, my question takes precedence."

"I was about to place something in...the," her voice trails off.

"Place something in where, the safe," I asked.

"I'd rather not say," she quickly replied.

"Don't play dumb now sister, I know where the safe is, so you may as well fess up."

"Please sir, I'm no threat to you. If you allow me to leave, I won't try to stop or oppose you in anyway." She pleads.

"Your mere presence is causing me problems. I didn't expect this," I say out loud but more to myself.

"There's still time young man, if you leave here now, I promise not to tell anyone. Only you, I and god will know what happened here tonight."

"That's already too many eyes, I eh..." now it's my turn to lose my thoughts as I notice a bright light flashing outside.

I glance out the window to see a cop car parked right outside the rear entrance and two officers coming up to the side the door. "Goddamn, looks like things aren't going my way after all."

"Listen sir, If you leave out now, I'll divert the officers while you escape."

"Right...you must think my head screws off. Why would you be willing to help someone that's ripping you off?"

"Because you are a child of god in need, just because one commits a wicked act, it does not mean that he is wicked, nor does it mean that his soul cannot be saved," she replied calmly.

"Oh so that's it, you're trying to cleanse my soul—sister?"

"The question is young man, are you willing to cleanse your own soul," she fired back.

"Listen I don't have time for a sermon," I snap as I hear footsteps coming up stairs. "If you really want to help me lady show me a place to hide?"

"I can't do that sir I...mmph," I cover her mouth with my large hand, guide her behind the curtains and close them tightly, just as the door swung open.

My heart felt as though it was about to bust right out of my chest as I stood there behind the curtains, holding the nun close and with my weapon pointed at the side of her head. 

I pull her closer to me and whisper. "Don't make a sound or you know what's gonna happen, nod your head if you understand."

She complied and I literally held my breath as I saw the flashlight beam dart about the room. Now of course I wasn't about to shoot a nun, but it was all I could do to keep her in line. I watch nervously as the cop searched about the darkened room. I literally prayed to be somewhere, anywhere other than here. Even serving time behind bars was a pleasant act in comparison to being here.

Had I fallen so far that I'm about to get busted not for just robbing a church but holding a nun hostage with a gun to her head, just that thought alone had me shaking like a leaf. I closed my eyes and said another prayer when something strange happened or should I say things became even more bizarre. 

Perhaps it was the position we were standing in or just the oddity of the moment, but I could actually feel my Johnson rubbing between this woman's ass crack and things got stranger when I felt it growing and perhaps the strangest thing of all, I could feel her rocking her body back against my erection. 

Minutes seemed like hours as our trembling bodies moved in unison. My breath grew heavy as I breathed down on her ear and neck, just as I felt her hot panting breath on my hand beneath her nose. 

I tried so hard to deny these erotic impulses, to ignore what I was feeling, what she was obviously feeling and yet our bodies seemed to ignore our rejections, refusing denial and ultimately betrayed our air of restrictions. 

"Hey Jones, no one's here," a voice called, then the door closed and I heard someone say.

"Yeah, someone probably forgot to lock the door, you think I should call Father McIntyre?"

"No way, unless you feel like filing a report," another voice replied.

I waited until I heard the police car pulling away from the curb before finally releasing my grip on the sister.

She never turned back as she quickly walked away and attempted to straighten out her dress and I'm thankful she didn't turn back or else she would've seen the massive tent pole stretching out the fabric of my jeans. 

"I think you should leave now," she exclaimed.

"Yeah you're right, but I got some unfinished business to take care of."

"Do what you must but please leave," she snapped as she walked toward the door.

"Wait a minute, hold up. I didn't say you could go," I challenged.

"I thought I'd leave you to your vile sacrilegious act. The threat is removed, what else do you want from me?"

I could still feel my heavy breath as I asked. "How much money's in the safe?"

"So now the hungry wolf requests the number of the herd so that he may contemplate whether he has a meal or a feast," she answered with a voice of cynicism. No I'm afraid I don't know sir, you'll have to see for yourself."

"Hey I'm really, really sorry about all this. I didn't know you'd be here..."

"Save your excuses and apologies sir for the one whom you shall one day stand before and then he shall make his judgment."

Finally my hard on subsided enough to move closer to her. 

"Listen Sister, times are really hard for me. If there was any other way to avoid this, believe me I would've."

"You don't actually believe that do you?"

"Sure I do, I'm telling you. I didn't have a choice."

She turned to face me and calmly states, "You mean to say that your only solution to your problem was to enter a house of god, not for assistance but to defile it. If that is the best you could do, then you truly are lost."

There was just enough light filtering in from a street light for me to see her. I couldn't believe my eyes. Beneath all that garb and bulky attire was a beautiful woman. She was far younger than I imagined, perhaps in her late thirties and at the most early forties. I could see a trace of her blonde hair; grayish blue eyes behind those granny-like glasses and even without makeup, her soft rose pedal skin reflected her natural beauty. I managed to catch myself as I felt a surge of erotic energy jolt through my love staff. 

"Don't give me that shit," I fired back defensively. "I made some mistakes, I'm only human. So you believe if I came here asking for help, what would you do, offer me a prayer, some long-winded sermon and then what...a bowl of soup. Get off that shit sister. Everyone has a breaking point and this is mine, now open the safe," I ordered.

I lifted up the tapestry so she could open the safe door. She swung the door open and stepped aside. 

As I stepped forward I glanced inside to see several shelves and a rather small metal safe deposit box, about the size of a small file cabinet. "So the money's in there?"

"Why don't you see for yourself?"

I stepped inside, quickly snatch up the box and exited the miniature room. "Cut the lights on, I wanna see exactly what I got here."

She struggles in the darkened room and eventually cuts on the lights. She was even more beautiful with the fluorescent light shinning down on her. I popped the locks open and stare down into a box loaded with money. I notice her coming up to stand on the opposite side of the table. I look up quickly and just manage to catch her eyes, as they divert away from looking at the still noticeable bulge in my pants. 

"There's a lot of money here. Yeah that's what I'm talkin bout."

"May I leave now sir." She asked, sounding impatient. 

"Chill out Sister, it'll all be over in just a little while. Now would you mind telling me something?"

"Anything if it will expedite your exit."

"Why did you do that to me, when we were behind the curtains?"

"Excuse me sir, but I don't know what you're speaking about."

"Bullshit, you know exactly what I'm talking about. You had to feel it because you're the one who brought it on."

"Sir haven't you sullied and defiled this holy place enough, have you not contaminated this sacred place enough with your vile unholy behavior, have you no shame at all," she charged. 

"I hear you sister but throughout your rant you never answered my question."

"Just as I never heard the question, all I heard was an outrageous accusation." She makes the sign of the cross. "Please my lord, what have I done to deserve the company of this wicked man," she cried loudly.

"Listen sister...may I at least ask your name?"

"My name is Sister Yvette Cherry."

"You can call me...Wood."

"I'd rather call you a memory," she snapped.

"Sister Cherry I know I've offended you. I know what I'm doing is wrong. You might not believe this but I never dreamed I'd be here like this."

She throws her hands up in disgust. "Why do you persist in trying to convince me that you are anything other than what you appear to be, your words are hollow and without meaning, for it is your actions that define you."

"Okay...okay, I won't waste anymore of your time, but before I leave here I want you to tell me the truth." 

I walk right up over and look down on her. I could feel the hot energy between us. 

"Why were you grinding on me when we stood behind the curtains? I know I'm a lowdown no good thug, but what were you thinking, what were you feeling?"

For a moment I saw the softness in her eyes, the yearning and just as suddenly her disgusted face returns. "No, no I will not give in to this. Mister Wood or whatever your name is, it doesn't matter because in my mind you are the servant of the Devil himself and you have come here to tempt and seduce me with your sinful ways. Here's the truth. I felt you pressed against me and for a moment I...I was tempted, but the moment has passed and I suggest you do the same."

It made sense, I mean I guess anyone can fall victim to their decadent thoughts. All I had to do was look in the mirror. I was just about to snatch up the money and dump in a canvas bag when I saw her subtly glance down at my semi-hard tool. Her lips quivered as she hungrily licked them.

"Damn, I really have you aroused don't I. I want you to be honest, if not with me then at least for yourself. You are human and you're still a woman," I answered feeling my tool began to swell.

"You know I heard that in God's eyes, the actually sin begins with the thought."

"How dare you come here and preach to me?"

"I'm not preaching Sister; I'm just being real and a lot more honest than you're being with me."

"Oh my lord help me please. Sir what must I do to remove you from my presence?"

I slammed the bag on the table, snatch her into my arms, "Here's how," I bark before kissing her.

I force my tongue into her mouth as thoughts of my ass burning in Hell flash through my mind. 

She manages to push away from my lips, but I continue to hold her tightly in my arms.

"Mary mother of god, man what are you doing, is there no limit to your wicked behavior?"

I ignore her rant and pull her close once more to kiss her and this time I squeeze her so tight, she groans softly.

She beats her fist into my shoulders and suddenly I feel her body melt into mine as she then wraps her arms over my shoulders and gives in to passion.

I relaxed my grip on her and we were both out of breath. 

"I guess there's only one way I can convince you to leave is by allowing you to have your way."

"Don't kid yourself sister, you want to as much as I do," I fired back.

"Perhaps but you just remember you led me down this path to hell," she countered as she removed her habit head piece and revealed her blonde hair just above shoulder length.

I stepped back to admire her stunning frame as she slow and seductively removed her white cuffs and collar, cord belt and black boots with 3½ " heels. I nearly choked on my spit as I watched this anal retentive, strict matronly female, transform into a gorgeously sexy woman with a body so esthetically pleasing it would make a priest have wet dreams, eh...maybe not.

She struts up to me wearing nothing but a beaded necklace, with a crucifix and a sexually hungry smile. 

The moment she threw her arms around my shoulders and kissed me with those soft, full, succulent lips, I knew this girl was no neophyte to sexual pleasure. Her lips drifted about my face, kissing and licking as she moved along until reaching my chest, where she slid her tongue down the center, paused for a moment to undue my belt and zipper, yanked down my pant and boxes, releasing my captive stiff member. 

I soon realize she was no stranger in the art of pleasing a Bozack either. She slowly pulls back the tight foreskin of my tool, then flickers her tongue rapidly on the crown, and sent jolts of pleasure up and down my spine. 

To say she was merely giving me a blow job or sucking my tool would be a gross understatement, this pretty lady was making love to my wood and it was so good. I had to clench my teeth to keep from shouting how much I loved it. 

I curled my toes when I saw her swallow my shaft down to the pubic hairs, then click her throat or perform something I could only describe as hip-ups. At first I thought she might be gagging but after hearing her groan, I began to realize this was some kind of technique and she was enjoying this as much as I did, perhaps even more. 
