 "You couldn't have gotten all your kicks from sucking me off," Adi stated.

"What do you mean?" "You didn't get your rocks off, did you?" Shanti thought about it for a moment. She still felt that hunger for long, hard cock in her twat. That was almost a constant thing with her these days. So, no, she hadn't gotten everything she wanted from sucking him off.

"I could do with a bit of prick in the proper place-and I don't mean in my mouth." 

"Yeah, I thought so, you horny bitch. Let's go into the darkroom. I, it, want to inventory some stock." to turn the lights off would rob them of the sense of sight and it was pitch black in that room. Without sight, all their other senses would be even more acute. And that meant the sense of feel, too.

His cock was tingling just thinking about the hot, clutching cunt waiting for him. If she took the risk of sucking him off in front of his students, not to mention almost getting caught by the principal, then there probably wasn't a hell of a lot she couldn't be talked into doing.

And he still fondly remembered that fuck out in the parking lot.

"Let's go, Miss Rangaswamy." 

"Anything you say, Mr. Reddy." She didn't look away as he eyed her in open appreciation. His hands were already roaming over her trim, athletic body as if itching to start undressing her.

"You should wait till we get to the darkroom before you start to inventory the merchandise," she said primly.

"It's one hell of a container and can't seem to keep my hands off it. Going to be hard not to steal it and take it home with me." They laughed. His hand was resting firmly on her ass as they went into the hallway. Standing there, still talking, were Ramya and Mr. Bose.

The principal looked over saying, "Hey, Adi. I want to talk with you a second." He looked at Shanti, momentarily confused. "I thought you were the only teacher in the room, And no one went in...

"You must have missed her, Mr. Bose. I saw. Shanti go in while we were talking," said Ramya.

She winked at Shanti and Adi. It was apparent what had been going on in the classroom, she was paying Shanti back for the time she had successfully held off the principal's untimely entrance into the teachers' lounge.

"I guess so these eyes aren't what they used to be. But the ears are. I've been hearing some pretty raunchy things about the male teachers and the goings on behind the scenes at Greenwich Memorial High. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you, Adi?" 

"Like what?" Adi asked innocently.

Mr. Bose cleared his throat, looked at the floor and finally said, "Well, you know. Fooling around" 

"Fooling~ around? I don't understand." All the time he was talking, Adi's hand was working down the back of Shanti's petticoat under the sari. 

His hand was slipping~ between her silk panties and the smoothness of her ass flesh. When finger found her asshole, he jammed it into the hot, tight interior of her rectum. Wiggling the finger made her jump around as if she were very nervous.

I'm sorry about making you so uneasy, Miss Rangaswamy, It's just that I've heard reports that some of the male teachers are taking liberties with some of their female students." 

"I'm, ummmm, sure that Adi wouldn't know about that!" she said. The finger was running in and out of her ass in a mock fucking. She was warming to the anal assault. The way her guts were churning at the moment, it was everything she could do to keep from ripping off her clothes and begging Adi to fuck the hell out of her.

"No, I guess he wouldn't know. Mr. Reddy is one of our most upstanding teachers." 

Ramya, hidden behind Mr. Bose, looked at the teacher's crotch as she said, "You can say that again. I doubt if there's anyone in this whole school more upright than Adi at this moment."

Adi Reddy smiled. His finger was warming the ass of the most seductive woman he'd ever seen. And it wasn't just any woman, either. It was the one who had given him a blow job in front of his class. She cared for him. It was time for him to show her how much he cared for her.

"I'm sure any of us would be only too happy to report such promiscuity among the staff, Mr. Bose." 

"Thanks. I knew I could count on all of you. Hell, it's rough enough trying to run herd on these young hellions of students. All the time running off behind the bushes. You know." 

"Yes, sir. We know. And we won't be beating around any bushes unless you give the okay." 

Adi was still smiling. His finger fucking of her ass was going along just fine. He was burying his finger all the way up her hot shit chute before flexing it. He had her perfectly under control. She couldn't move without his finger guiding her there first.

"Good evening" Mr. Bose turned and walked off.

And Adi steered Shanti toward the student newspaper room where the darkroom was. He was responsible for keeping it stocked in chemicals since he was the nearest chemistry teacher.

Ramya called out to them, "Have fun!" 

In unison, Adi and Shanti answered, "We will!" They laughed, then went into the deserted room, his finger never leaving the snug berth of her asshole. He steered her around the desks and into the tiny room. The odor of chemicals was so strong, she almost choked.

"In-here? God, Adi, the smell!" "That's nothing. The vent fan will clear it, out real fast." He pressed a hidden switch and the fan started up, in a few seconds the worst of the chemical stench was gone.

"And here's a nice, level counter. I wonder... she said. She reached out and touched the wall. 

It was about three feet away. "Just about the size of a single bed." he said.

"But not as soft unless there's a nice, yielding woman under me." And his other hand cupped her left tit and firmly squeezed.

As he did, a bolt of carnal delight lanced down into the woman's chest. A finger up her asshole, wiggling and stirring her passions up, now she had to cope with his hand pawing her tits.

She loved it. The only problem was that she wanted more than he was giving her.

"Let's not fool around too much, Adi. I want to feel that fine cock of yours fucking deep into my cunt!"

"In a while. I've still got to recuperate from that fine blow job you gave me in class. If you have to wait too long, well, it's all your fault for getting my rocks off" He shut up any reply in the best way possible. His lips fastened firmly onto hers. His tongue forced between her lips and then sought out her tongue. Rough, wet tongue stroking a pointy tipped tongue as he raced back and forth until they were both gasping with pleasure.

She let her tits rise and fall, even though they still had that damned bra encasing them. She wanted her naked flesh to press against his chest. To feel her rigid nipples poking into his would be sheer heaven. And she wanted it all~ Greedy Sure, and he was the one responsible. She had tried to hold down her lusts. It wasn't possible. The same thing that had happened at the other school was happening here.

The principal had to be getting word of what was going down. She was certain to be caught soon. And to hell with it! Her body demanded satisfaction, pleasure, all the cock it could take! And she was going to get it, all of it! Her hands worked down the man's trousers to expose his already stiff prick. She'd thought he would need a little help getting bard again. He was obviously playing with her. His prick was throbbing alive and ready to fuck. She stroked up and down the virile length of prick until she felt his finger twitch deep in her ass.

He was being pushed to the point of coming again. She didn't want him to lose it. Not with her hand around his cock. She wanted to feel that lovely cock inside her cunt, fucking her, making her into a complete woman.

Without it, she was just a bundle of unfulfilled lusts. With that pussy pleaser giving her all the joy she could stand, she was fucked. It was what cunt was made for-cocks! And she wanted every last inch of Adi's massive eight-incher.

She found it hard to get her fingers to grip his cock. Not, only was it big around, it was still sticky with her own saliva front when she'd given him head. But she didn't care. Her body was in constant agitation. He could do anything he wanted to her and it would be fine.

Anything at all-as long as she could feel that prick fucking her all the way up into the deepest recesses of her cunt.

"Love the way you taste," he whispered hotly into her ear. "Think I'll just nibble a bit more!" She sighed as his hot tongue stabbed into the hollow of her ear. He was licking and touching all the right places to turn her into a weak, watery woman. Her legs were sagging. He held her up with the finger in her ass.

She finally managed to hook the edge of her ass onto the counter. This was the support she needed. She wished she could have seated herself all the way back. It wasn't possible without him removing that finger so lusciously fucking her anus.

When the finger came out of her asshole with a tiny little pop, he told her, "Lie back on. the counter. It's plenty big enough." 

"So you know? From experience?" She was coquettish.

"What the hell difference does it make, let me close the door and lock it. I wouldn't want a kid coming in and seeing us." As the door closed, she felt as if someone had thrown a black rug over her head. 

She gasped out, "Adi! I. . . I can't see!" - "Do you have to?" She softly moaned as his fingers clamped down on her silk panty-clad pussy.

"Mmmmm, oh, that's so nice! No, I don't guess we need the lights. As long as you know where everything goes." "I think I can find all the right holes," he said.

She simply lied on the counter top and let him undress her. When he undid her blouse and bra, she sighed in relief. That damned thing was chafing her tits. It felt so good having her naked boobs out and swinging free. He even briefly kissed first one then the other of them.

His wet lips unerringly found the turgid nipples cresting the snowy white cones of tit flesh. He licked back and forth across the summits a few times to make sure the nipples were rock-hard, then he began lightly nipping his way to the huge base.

"Ummm, more, Adi darling! I love the way your mouth feels all over my tits!" 

"I know. And I love sampling such delicious treats!" His tongue circled the tit. Then he staffed spiraling up the silky smooth cone to the crest of the other, He didn't miss a single patch of the soft skin. He left behind a trail of saliva which started drying and the coolness contrasted sharply with his hot, rough tongue.

And it was that difference which made her even hotter for him. The alternating sensations surging down into her chest made her feel more alive than ever before.

"Go on, Adi, fuck me! I love this sure but my cunt! I feel so fucking empty!"

"Soon, precious, be down there very soon now!" His fingers stoked along the lines of her ribs.

When his fingers dipped under the elastic band of her panties, she was ready for him and her hips lifted easily off the cold, black-topped counter. She wanted him to get her naked as fast as possible.

Only then could they get down to the real fucking.

"More, Adi darling! I love the way your hands move all over me!" "I just bet you do. God, I never saw such a foxy bitch in all my life. You're one in a million. And that gooey cunt of yours is a real mantrap. I bet it's all ready and waiting for me" He was hungry for the slut Shanti.

"For your cock!" she twitched saying so in her anal passage.

He laughed. -His fingers had found the hidden triangle of her pussy mound. Tracing along the fleecy edges, he came down to the already rigid sex lips. They were coated with her cunt juices. She was ready to fuck.

"Please, Adi, can we have some light? I want to be able to see you while we're fucking." 

"But the light makes the sense of touch less intense. In the dark, you feel everything more strongly. There, isn't that good?" 

She felt his middle finger dive deep into her cunt. Once inside her, he wiggled it around until she almost came. But it wasn't the same. She wanted to look him in the face, see the look of passion cross his fine features while they were fucking.

"Yes, but I want to seeeee!" -

He sighed and moved away. She started to protest when his finger slipped from its juicy berth. Then the safelight came on bathing her naked body in a funny orange light.

"God, you look like a dish of orange sherbet!" he exclaimed. Her tits rose and fell in the most delectable manner possible. He wanted to eat them, to lick them; to savor them for hours and hours. Nothing could be a finer treat.

Nothing but the ghostly, glowing area between her legs.

His attention shifted reluctantly from her boobs to her snatch. She was somehow able to make the inner pussy lips slip free of the outer labia. They were waving back and forth in the strange light in the most obscene and tantalizing manner he'd ever witnessed.

He felt his cock jump a little in anticipation of being kissed by those lewd cunt lips.

"Come to me, Adi! I want you! I want your sweet, long prick fucking me!" He heaved a great sigh now. The way his balls were churning and tumbling, he knew he wasn't going to be able to last too much longer. He was going to grant this sexy bitch her wish. He was going to fuck the living hell out of her.

He climbed up onto the cold counter and slipped between her wide-spread legs. Her thighs beckoned him, plump and fit. But it was more than her lovely legs he wanted now. His target was in sight. Moving forward, he was able to poke his prick into her juicy twat.

She shuddered at the first penetration. He didn't simply shove himself balls deep into her. He was more gentle than that. He was more knowledgeable about what turned a woman on.

The thick purpled head of his cock rubbed lasciviously against her inner pussy lips until she was hardly able to lie still on the counter. The slight friction was enough to drive her out of her head with lust. The woman hunched up in a vain attempt to ram his prick all the way up her aunt. But he was too quick for her. He was teasing her, tormenting her, making her so damned hot she would beg him for his cock.

"Please! Give it to me! Don't toy with me like this! You're driving me out of my skull. My cunt's burning up with desire!" 

"You want more of this?" His hips slid forward a fraction of an inch. The entry into her aunt split her pussy lips and safely deposited the thick, bulbous end of his cock inside her cunt. She felt the throbbing fuck stick as if it were an entire percussion section of an orchestra. Each pulse sent ripples of delight throughout her body.

And she was greedy. She wanted more of his fine cock.

Another inch and she was reduced to sobs that wracked her body. She let her tits heave up and down. Each breath was like liquid fife in her lungs. Even her throat felt as if it were coated with sandpaper. Her entire body was as alive as a raw nerve in a tooth.

"All the way! Fuck me deep, damn you!" 

He slipped another couple inches of cock into her seething, steamy hot cunt. Even this didn't satisfy her. She wanted it all. Her yearning cunt demanded nothing less than all out fucking.

Another couple inches and he was buried deep she felt his balls wetly slapping against her upturned ass. Hips sliding from side to side, she was able to move all around the impaling spike of his prick. The way it jerked around in her tight sheath of pussy was almost more than she could bear.

This was living. This was being fucked by a real stud! 'Fuck me good. Oh, sweet Lord, ride me, ride me hard!" Her entire body was bathed in the orange light. As he looked down on her body, he felt strange sensations ripping through him. There was no mistaking the gripping tight twat around his swollen cock. That was something he'd felt often enough to enjoy to the maximum.

But the way her body looked was so odd. The rivers of sweat flowing down her curvaceous body glowed like molten gold. Her raven hair was changed into a tangle of the most erotic-colored hair he could imagine. And there was nothing in the worId he wanted more than to fuck her.

She felt his prick slide back an inch then another and another until only the thick head of his glands remained between her pussy lips. She sighed as the pressure inside her cunt went away as his cock slid free. He had been stretching her inner membrane to the breaking point.

He was so damned big! And her poor little cunt was so small! But she wasn't complaining. She knew more was on the way. Opening her lust-glazed eyes, she could see his face framed erotically by her twin mountains of tit. Raising her head a little more, she was able to look down the entire length of her body and see the ugly red cock slipping back into her cunt.

It was no longer red, however. The orange light overhead had changed it into something else. She had to laugh at the sight.

"What's so funny?" he demanded.

"Your cock! It looks like a popsicle! An orange popsicle!" 

"Does it feel that cold inside you?" 

"Ummmm, oh, no! NO! It's hot and big and fills me up!" He began fucking her with short, rapid stokes designed to push her to the brink of orgasm. The friction rapidly burned away her cunt juices. The once slumbering embers of her lust began to smolder. 

Then they burst into little fires nibbling away at her guts.

When he began fucking with longer, deeper strokes, the tiny fires burst into all-out blazes threatening to consume her body with lust.

She allowed her body to respond to his fucking. She lay back on the counter, limp and excited and completely aroused, and let him fuck her as he wished. She simply enjoyed the feelings assaulting her tender young body.

"I... I am on fire!" she moaned out. Her fingers gripped his upper arms. She felt the smooth flow of his muscles. He was so strong, so masterful. And he made love better than any man she'd ever fucked before.

She came.

The orange-colored world around her went away in a moment of confusion. Her mind was soaked with orgasm. She became the slave of the man's prick. All she could think about 'was getting more and more of his prick as deep up her cunt as she could.

Her fleshy hips rose and crammed down on his impaling spike of prick. She wanted still more. She wasn't satisfied with the power or the depth of his strokes.

She was thrashing about his cock like a fish on a hook. She was screaming and moaning and trying as hard as she could to get even more of his cock inside her convulsing cunt.

Then the climax died a little. She became even more aware of what he was doing to her. He had gone back to the short, rapid strokes designed to burn her cunt with erotic friction. His cockhead rubbed as sensuously as possible against her velvet-hung cunt walls.

He was pushing her right back up the pinnacle to another climax.

She couldn't keep her hand from reaching down to her cit. She began diddling herself. The rocket blast of desire shooting into her tensed body was enough to push her over the edge again. She came. And came. And came again. She felt like an erotic machine gun going off. It was great.

Still he fucked her. He seemed tireless. His hips moved like well-oiled pistons. She felt her body being wrung out like a dishrag. No man had ever before made her feel this way. She was usually able to outlast any man and his deflectable cock.

Not this man. Not this stud. He was wearing her out and she loved every second of it.

She lifted her ass and began grinding her bush down into his as soon as his cock drove all the way up her tunnel of clutching, hot cunt. She was filled to overflowing with his prick. He burned her and made her feel like a complete woman with every fucking stroke into her softly yielding body.

She came again.

"Oh, shit," she heard him moan between clenched teeth. "I can't hold on any longer!" 
