 A chill filled the night air. A scattering of snow laid patches of the white fluff in random formations. I walked my little poodle down to the corner and looked up at the street light. Early evening as painting the sky a dark gray and darkness was moving across the celestial sky scape. My mind focused n the woman that I was meeting this night.

Soon, I would leave for my rendezvous with my destiny. That night I hardly knew the feelings that would over take me. I was beyond myself with anticipation. For many months, I had thought about this creature of beauty, desire and feminine provocation.

She was truly a beautiful woman. This woman was possessed with class, intellect, and something else. That thing called else was a quality of refined sexuality. She reminded me of a smoldering ember. An ember left unattended, yet ready to burst forth with a raging flame with enough proper attention. She walked with confidence. With grace. With charm. With mystery. 

She overwhelmed me. My emotions were stirred to my core. But no matter what I did or said, the wall of reservation remained raised. She just seem unobtainable. Like some majestic peak off in the distance that I wanted to climb and to conqueror. Still, she remained always elusive. Just out of touch. 

Months passed. Our conversations were formal and polite. I could sense that she knew the essential nature of men. I wanted more than she was offering. She was content to just be, well, formal friends. 

Then in just one day the parameters dramatically changed. She walked by me. This time she was harried. She appeared worried. I could sense that her spirit had been dashed. By whom or what, I had no clue. Even so, I knew as a man, that now was the time for me to redefine my approach to this beautiful daughter of Eve. 

So I did. I began to talking with her. Just small tidbits of small talk but all designed to reaffirm a woman's deepest need. That need is to be accepted and affirmed as a beautiful, sexy woman. I could tell that my words moved her closer to me. Slowly at first. but over time, she would make eye contact with me. I knew that she was gaining a comfort level with me. 

I knew that a man can find comfort and meaning in all sorts of boyish and childish nonsense. But a woman? She finds her meaning within her emotional world. This a world filled with doubts, fears, anxiety and often feelings of rejection and fear of being alone.

Address those with a woman, and well, you can be her hero. So, how does a man go about addressing those deeply held concerns of a woman? In a word. Be the man. As you seek to draw from her well of pleasure and comfort, redefine her doubts, fears and anxiety, assuring her that as a man that you will be there for her during those trying times. All of this seem simple. And it is so.

What this woman did not know, was that upon each conversation, I was reaching further and further into her temple of womanhood. I wanted her to realize that I had feelings for her but beyond that, I wanted her to know that I desired her as a woman. And not just as a sexual being but as a total woman.

Later that cold evening, I drove across town. She had invited me over for dinner. I arrived at her home. She was beautiful as ever. But this evening she seemed a little tentative. She was wearing a plaid skirt and a white blouse with hose and heels. 

We made small talk as she prepared our dinner. She had her back to me. I watched as she cut the lettuce for our salad. My anticipation took over. I walked over to her, putting my arms around her. I said, "I want to eat you now. Can't we do this meal later?" She slammed the knife and fork down on the counter while she turned to me. She was alive with passion. I could see lust in her eyes. I reached for her, kissing her deeply and passionately. I could feel her surrender as her body relaxed. She dropped her arms as if to say, "Take me, I'm yours." I led her to her sofa. woman like, she disappeared into her bath. I knew that when she returned that she would present to me, for my pleasure, her stunning vagina. But first she kissed me. I could see the passion welling up in this sexual creature. She seemed more alive than ever. We kissed over and over. But my mind was already thinking of the lush valley of her womanhood. I slowly nibbled my way to her beautiful breast, next to her tummy and finally finding that place where a man loses himself in these exquisite formations of a man's deepest desire. 

She tasted like some exotic spice from the far east. She shuddered. She whimpered and moaned. Her hands found their way to my head. I kissed her. I licked her. I sucked her. All the while, my tongue was gliding up and down that glorious canyon. I looked at her pussy. She was, as I thought, a smoldering ember. Her pussy lips were puffy, swelling with her desire for me and my attention. She was moist with excitement. I told her how wonderful she tasted. She lifted for me, allowing me greater access to her pussy. I lifted her legs, and continued my feast. It seemed as if I could not get enough of this sexy and beautiful woman. I wanted more and more of her. My dick was raging with passion for her. My hips were responding as if I was already in her valley of desire. She asked me to fuck her. I could hear her voice calling out to me to take her. I was almost in a trance, and I continued my oral exploration of her thighs. When I looked her pussy, she was wet from my attention. Her pussy was open, kinda of like a gate that someone had half way opened on but had not done so all the way. I raised to kiss her and out tongues met in a frenzy of lust and erotic passion. This smoldering ember was now aflame with desire. A desire that had been months in the making. I placed my swollen dick against the lips of her vagina. She took me into her body. She raised for me and I drove my raging cock deeper into her womb. She was now a woman in full flower. Crying out, moaning, reaching for me, kissing me, wrapping her arms around my neck, holding on and pulling me to her... pleading for me to fuck her harder and deeper.

I didn't last long. This beautiful tormentor was now in my arms, loving me, fucking me and allowing me possession of her sexy body. I looked at her georgeuous face. Her eyes were dreamy and they seemed to love me with her gaze. I could feel my passion, now unleashed on this beautiful redheaded woman, building into my own resolution. I went deeper still. My cock hardened even more. She knew that I was coming as she lifted her body for me ravish. Over and over, the spasms of my joy for this woman rolled over my being, emptying my sperm into this most beautiful of women. My senses began to return. I withdrew from her vagina and looked down at her. My sperm had made a track across her pussy. One spurt of cum about four inches in length, as if to say to the world, "this is now my woman". Indeed, I had marked her. But on a deeper level, I would never be the same man again. She had marked me as forever belonging to her.

After that night and all the nights to come, I had this smoldering ember of a woman painted on my soul. She was engraved on my mind. She filled my soul with love. She made me feel complete.

When we are in the deep throes of passion, experiencing each other as man and woman, lost in our lust for each other, kissing and touching each other, we are really touching the very best of life.

Honey, I love you so much. You are my smoldering ember.

Touch me and I am alive. Speak to me and I cherish you.

In our sexual healing, I find my adoration for you knows no bounds.

Woman, my woman, my joyous woman and sexual provocateur, I love you, I do. and I love the taste of you. The feminine power of you. I love the glory of your pussy and the exhilaration of your climaxes.

I will always be your man. Your lover and friend.