 Dan Williams didn't really know his next-door neighbor, Dina Marshall, that well. He had seen the redhead around and waved over the fence, but he and his parents were relatively new in the community, having moved there from Toronto a few years earlier.

What he did know was that Mrs. Marshall was in a bind. Just a few months earlier, Mr. Marshall had moved out and taken everything -- their car, most of their money, everything. The word on the street was that Dina had gotten herself a shark of an attorney and the lawyer had already made sure the house was safe, but that whatever money she currently had was going to go to pay bills. The attorney had taken her case on a contingency basis, confident that he would prevail eventually.

Dan knew that Dina had a daughter but that she was away at school; she was ahead of her classmates in high school and went to a special school for gifted kids. He knew that Janine Marshall was some kind of gifted musician, a child prodigy or something like that. Dan thought that was pretty cool. He assumed that Mr. Marshall was still footing the bills for that; he'd be a total shit if he didn't. Or maybe she had a scholarship; Dan really didn't know much about it.

He did know that he felt sorry for Mrs. Marshall and wished that there was something he could do. "There's always something you can do, Danny," His mother said, using a nickname he wished she would avoid. He was 18½ now and 2 months shy of graduating from high school. He was making straight-A's and playing varsity football, he had a partial scholarship and his parents had more than enough to pay for the rest. "A lot of people think folks from Toronto are big-city snobs and we know that simply isn't true," She told him.

Dan Senior nodded in agreement with his wife. "You're right Petra, although to be fair, you grew up in Nova Scotia. Dan, her yard's looking a little scruffy and you could help with that. Use our riding mower; I'll pay for the gas. In the winter, you and I can help her shovel the snow and anything else she might need. You might not see it now, but good things always happen to those who help others."

Dan believed that too. He thought a lot of the kids his age were immature, too self-involved or caught up in video games and other things. Having hobbies was nice, but he wanted more out of life. He worked on weekends, but most nights after school, he participated in sports or worked on the student council. When he got home, he made sure to study and get good grades. His grandparents had raised two wonderful parents and Dan knew his own parents were proud of him. He didn't want to let them down, never had an angry word passed between them.

If his dad thought he should help Mrs. Marshall, then he was going to do just that. The following day was a school holiday and government offices and banks were closed too. Dina Marshall worked at the TD bank, he'd seen her there a number of times. He went to her front door and rang the bell.

Dina Marshall opened the door. A lot of the time, she was in sweat pants and a loose-fitting T-shirt, but today she was nicely dressed and her hair was styled. Until that minute, he hadn't realized that the redhead was a knockout. She had great legs, on display in a short skirt and high heels and her blouse clung to what obviously a nice pair of boobs. Dan shook those thoughts from his head; she was a neighbor and a lot older than him. Still, she sure as heck was a looker.

"Mrs. Marshall, hi. I'm Dan Williams from next door," He introduced himself properly.

"I remember you Dan, I saw you at the bank last week when you came in to deposit your paycheck," She smiled. Dan noticed that she had perfect teeth and a great smile -- she sure was pretty. "What can I do for you, Dan?"

"Not a thing Mrs. Marshall, thank you. I was wondering if there was anything I could do for you, help you with yard work or some heavy chores?" He asked politely.

Dina Marshall smiled again. "Oh Dan, that's very nice, but I can't afford to pay you, I ..."

"Oh no Mrs. Marshall, I wouldn't take a cent. I ... kinda know about your situation and my parents taught me that's what good neighbors do -- they help. Mom noticed your yard is kinda scruffy and being as how she's English, gardening is in our blood. My grandparents entire back yard is a garden, so if you'd let me, I'd be happy to do some weeding for you or cut the lawn. Dad says I can use our riding mower and he'll pay for the gas, it won't cost you anything," Dan told her.

"Oh my, what a lovely, generous offer," Dina gasped, her eyes a bit teary. "I'm going to say yes because I'd be an idiot if I didn't. "Dan, I have to go and meet with my lawyer today, but I'll be back around 3:30. Please come back then and we'll talk, this is so very, very kind of you."

"Ah, it's okay, Mrs. Marshall," Dan said kindly.

"Okay, no more `Mrs. Marshall', all right?" Dina told him. "If you're going to be doing such nice things for me, you get to call me Dina." She closed the door behind her just as a cab pulled up. Dina kissed him on the cheek and smiled. "You're a sweetheart Dan, a real lifesaver. I'm going to have to think of a way to repay you."

"That isn't necessary," Dan insisted but she was adamant as she left. Dan knew that it was no use to argue, his father had taught him that a woman is always going to get her way. He set about doing the chores that needed doing, getting the yard in tip-top shape, pulling weeds and mowing the overgrown lawn. As an added precaution, he fertilized the lawn with some of his parent's leftover fertilizer and gave it a good dousing, at it had been rather dry lately. 

When Dina came home, she was astonished and grateful for all the hard work that Dan had done on her behalf. She offered again to work out a payment plan, but he steadfastly refused. "I'll come over every few days to see what needs fixing, your hedges need trimming," He told her. "I'll get to them tomorrow."

She gave him a huge hug and Dan noticed again how attractive she was. What kind of idiot was Mr. Marshall for leaving someone this sexy? Women like her didn't grow on trees!

The next day Dan was right at getting those hedges trimmed for Mrs. -- for Dina. He had lots of experience helped his folks and was getting them nice and even on his side. He looked over and saw her sunning herself, wearing a shiny, dark black bikini. She had an incredible body and his earlier thoughts about Mr. Marshall being an idiot came back to him. She wouldn't be single for long unless she wanted to be. They'd be lining up around the block to date someone as hot as she was.

The spring flew by and soon, it was mid-July. Dina was constantly thanking him for his hard work and praising his efforts. She offered to cook dinner for him or find a way to pay him or get him a job at the bank if he wanted one. He refused all of her offers. "It's just what a good neighbor does, Dina," He told her.

"But you're over here all of the time, even on weekends," Dina would reply. "Don't you want to have some fun, go on dates?"

"I go out sometimes, but I have school and a part-time job and other activities, it doesn't leave much time for dating," Dan told her. "I find girls my own age dull anyway -- they're too self-involved or they care about how much money you spend or what kind of car you drive. I'm just not that shallow."

Dina smiled at Dan; she really liked this kind, considerate, attractive young man. It was a pity he didn't have a social life, he'd make a great boyfriend. She had similar thoughts the next afternoon as he was working in her garden. It was a warm day, nearly 80°, so Dan was wearing just a pair of denim shorts and a T-shirt. His slender, muscular, athletic young torso was on full display. All of a sudden, it came to Dina. She knew exactly how she would repay Dan; she was surprised that she hadn't thought of it before, given her nature. She called him inside the house.

"Go upstairs and have a shower, there's a robe of my husband's you can put on after," She told a puzzled Dan. "After that, you can come downstairs and have a drink with me; I have something I want to talk with you about."

Dan had no idea what was going on, why she wanted him to have a shower when he wasn't done working. It didn't matter, he was tired and grubby and he didn't mind knocking off for the day -- things were in order and the rest would keep for another day. He got under the stinging hot spray of the shower and cleansed the outdoor grime from his body. He found the velour robe on the bed and put it on, Mr. Marshall must not have been as tall as Dan, because it was a bit snug. He felt as if he was showing off a bit too much of his body, but he wasn't worried, he was in good shape. He went downstairs to join Mrs. Marshall -- Dina, he still couldn't get used to that -- for a drink. 

He entered the living room and stopped dead in his tracks. She was sitting on the couch, but this wasn't the Dina he knew, not entirely. She was wearing some kind of outlandish costume, some kind of shiny black thing that came under her tits and pushed them up. They were totally bare and even more impressive than any of his fantasies. Her legs were in black stockings and she was wearing 4-inch, or so he assumed, stiletto heels. Dina's hair was wild and tossed and she looked trashy, but still in a sexy way. She indicated a can of beer and told him to sit down. "Have a drink Dan," She told him. "I think you're going to need it. I've been trying to think of a way to pay you back for all the hard work you've put in around here, you've made it livable again."

"There's no need ..."

"There is EVERY need and I know what I want to do," Dina stated, her voice calm and serene. "You told me the other day you don't date much, you don't have a girlfriend. Are you a virgin, Dan?"

"I don't think I should ..."

"Is that a yes?"

Dan looked down and said "Yes."

"Good. After this afternoon, that will no longer be true. I'm going to let you fuck me Dan, whenever you want, as often as you want, any WAY you want. You want a blowjob, I'll drop to my knees and give you one. Want to fuck my ass, I'll bend over and you can bugger me, lover. I'm going to teach you how to fuck so that you can do any piece of ass in town, you'll have college girls begging to fuck you. You want two girls -- I can make that happen. I am going to be your personal slut baby, your MILF-whore," Dina crooned.

Dan could hardly believe what he was hearing and he likely wouldn't have believed it if it had not been for the sexually charged way she was acting and how she was dressed. "Dina, you really don't have to do this, I ..."

Dina licked her painted red lips sensually. "I want to Dan ... don't you get it baby, I'm a slut. My husband couldn't satisfy me, I love cock -- I crave sex. I've been with women, I've been with younger men and women ... I think you're gorgeous and I want to fuck you. Think about it Dan ... you can come over here and fuck me every day, have a hot piece of ass and no one, not even your parents, will suspect a thing. You'll get the sexual education of a lifetime and it's a perfect set-up, a hot, older piece of tail that will dress however you like and do whatever you like and love it all. Don't be a fool Dan, I've seen you look at me. You're polite, but you're certainly not stupid!"

Dan knew that she was entirely right about that and as Dina walked towards him, he put down the beer. Only an idiot would refuse an offer this good and he made straight-A's. Dina crushed her curvy body against his and Dan could feel his cock rise. She reached down and took it in her hand. Her green eyes went wide and she looked up at him with a smile.

"Oooh, it's a BIG one and getting stiff so fast!" She exclaimed. "I'm going to suck your cock, you're getting your first BJ from your big-titted, MILF neighbor, what do you think of that, my handsome young buck?"

"Fucking A!" Dan exclaimed. He couldn't believe this was about to happen and then, it was happening! Dina's mouth was on his cock and she was sucking him like there was no tomorrow.

Dan was thrilled beyond words with what Dina was doing, it was exciting, but he felt as if his legs were about to give out from under him. Dina hadn't stopped and her sucking was getting more furious. He couldn't help himself and he came in her mouth. It didn't bother her a bit, she just sucked and licked until it was all gone.

"Wow, what a load baby," Dina smiled. "Yum yum!"

"You're not mad?" He asked.

"Why would I be mad? If you suck a guy's cock, you should expect him to cum. If you're worried about cumming too soon, don't be. You're young and it's your first time -- you're going to cum again, I promise. Let's go up to my bedroom and you can have your first real fuck on a nice, big bed."

It was still hard for Dan to process all of this, but he followed behind the sexy redhead and allowed himself to openly admire her body. She was fucking gorgeous and he kept having to remind himself that she was now his for the taking. Once she was in her bed, she stretched out languidly, opening her legs a little.

"I know I have nice legs, don't I baby?" Dina purred, stretching them out. "Come and touch them, I told you my body is yours to do with as you want. Touch my legs, kiss up my legs and then you can eat my pussy. I'll turn you into a champion pussy-eater, girls will be begging to go out with you."

Dan decided that as much as she had told him that she was his slut, he would let her be the instructor for the afternoon, there would be plenty of time to refine his technique later on. She did have nice legs and they looked so sexy in the gleaming black stockings. He loved the heels too, women looked great in them and he wished more girls his own age would wear them. He kissed up along her legs and saw her broad smile, he hoped he was doing okay. 

"You're doing great Dan, just wonderful," Dina sighed as if reading his thoughts. "My ex could have taken a lesson or two from you, you aren't rushing, you're just enjoying the moment."

"And how!" Dan exclaimed. Dina chuckled at his enthusiasm.

She lifted her buttocks so that he could slide off the PVC thong she was wearing. "Did you find that sexy, Dan dear?" She asked him. "I love all sorts of looks, leather and PVC and silk -- PVC is very sexy on a busty girl like me."

"Oh, yeah, it sure is," Dan smiled. Her pussy was right there before him, a red tuft of fur atop it, otherwise right there and available.

"Go ahead Dan, enjoy my pussy, lick my cunt," Dina egged him on. "Don't be afraid to use raw language, most women like dirty talk in bed. I love it -- you'll get used to eat, now eat my cunt, you hot young fucker!"

"You've got it -- bitch!" Dan said, trying to get into the spirit of things. He had been taught to respect his elders, but he was quickly learning that in bed, it didn't matter. Here, they would be equals. His mouth went in and he got his first taste of pussy. Finding it very much to his liking, he went after more and got as much as he could before she arched up and emitted a very loud wail.

"Holy fuck!" Dina panted when she calmed down. "You've never had sex before? Never? That was wonderful, you really got into it, bravo lover!"

"Thanks," Dan grinned sheepishly. "It was fun."

"I'm going to show you some more things that are fun, it's time to fuck," Dina told him. She reached down and stroked his cock and gave it some more mouth action. He was hard again within 5 minutes and Dina complimented him.

"That's a good-sized tool you have baby, the girls are going to love it," She grinned. "They'll have to wait in line though, time for that log to go up inside my pussy. I'm going to top-ride for a while to let you get used to it and you can play with my tits, but you can kiss me or pull my hair or bite my nipples, whatever comes to mind."

Dina got on top of the young man and swiveled and swerved and moved her body all around his long cock, taking it deep inside her cunt. It had been too long since she'd had a nice piece of meat, not one this well-suited to her needs. It was going to be so great, having her own stud next door and she knew she could keep him interested. Her body slammed down against his as her cuntal walls tightened around his shaft, milking him dry until he shot his load.

"Oh damn, I didn't use protection," Dan worried.

"No worries baby, I wasn't letting that prick husband of mine knock me up again," Dina told him. "I had my tubes tied after I had Janine, she's a great kid and 1 is enough."

Dina licked his cock clean of their combined juices and he thought that was so nasty, yet so sexy. She taught her new protégé a lot of tricks that first afternoon and he was back again the next day. Once he had finished mowing the lawn, it was indoors for more intense work -- in bed.

Over the next several weeks, Dan's enthusiasm began to catch up to Dina's sexual prowess. He liked it when she rode on top, that was his favorite, but he could give her a good pounding doggy style and get her off. He liked the latex, but when she glammed it up one afternoon in a black, filmy negligee and stiletto heels, he told her that was her sexiest look yet. The sex that afternoon was some of the slowest, most sensual of Dina's life. Dan took his time and was so gentle and loving that she almost wept. They shared a soapy bath together and made love almost until dinner time. She fulfilled one of his fantasies, becoming a "naughty teacher" and wearing a low-cut sweater and snug skirt, but fixing her hair up in a bun and adding glasses. When the "teacher" was caught checking out the bulge in the "student's" pants, he decided to give her a closer look. Dina got off on that one so much, they did their own variation the next day, with her as a "librarian".

One afternoon, he finished pulling weeds and cleaning out her gutters and came down, looking for some fun. His wild Dina wasn't there, she was dressed respectably and told him she was going to meet her lawyers. "Sorry lover, between working tonight and the lawyers now, no time for games," She smiled sweetly. "But you know I wouldn't leave my man high and dry. Abby, he's here!"

A petite bundle of dynamite emerged from the kitchen. She couldn't have been much more than 5'2" tall, but it was all proportionate. She was in sexy pink lingerie and slippers that went well with her strawberry-blonde hair.

"This is my kid sister, Abby. Don't let her innocent looks fool you -- she's as nasty a fuck as I am. Abby, he's not going to go easy on you, I promise," Dina grinned at her sister.

"He'd better not," Abby said as she tugged Dan towards the stairs. "I might oil up his cock and have him bugger me if he doesn't behave," She teased her sister. Dina laughed and blew them a kiss as she went out the door.

Dan couldn't believe two sisters in the same family could be so wild. Abby had been a gymnast in school and was incredibly flexible. She moved every which-way and got 3 incredible cums out of him before Dina returned that night. "The little bitch asked me if you two could go on a date some night," Dina told Dan in bed the next afternoon. "She said she hasn't been fucked like that in years. I told her I didn't own you and it might look good for you to be seen dating a sexy, slightly-older girl."

"Set it up," A newly-confident Dan grinned. "I'm sure that I can handle both of you."

Dina ruffled his hair and said "I never doubted that you couldn't."

The summer was winding down and Dina's case against her husband was looking good. "My lawyer is working his butt off, of course, he wants to get into my pants when he's done," She chuckled. "If you're not already there, I might let him -- he's 30 and cute."

"Fuck him, come home, I'll sneak over after dark and you can tell me about it while I fuck your ass at last," Dan promised her. Her eyes went wide and she shrieked with delight.
