 Inside a High Street Cafe.

My heart beats faster. There's that beautiful smile again ... so warm and sensual. Her name is Danielle, and she is the reason why my heart rate has increased so suddenly.

I should start from the beginning. My name is Blake. I am twenty-four years old. I'm from South West England, and Danielle is the wife of my friend, Brian. Brian and I have been friends for about ten years now, and somewhere in there he met and married the girl of my dreams, Danielle. Now, this may make me sound jealous, but I've said from the start that these two are not meant to be together.

Sure enough, in the last six months, Brian has somehow gotten bored of her. Or maybe he's just taking her for granted. He goes out constantly with his friends and is spending loads of their money (his and Danielle's), despite the fact that they are saving for a house. On the rare occasion he isn't out partying, Brian is sits on the couch with his games console. He has stopped looking after himself and has gained a huge amount of weight. He drinks most nights as well.

I am not naïve. I know this happens in a lot of relationships. It's different, though, when you long for the person your own friend is so badly mistreating. And the worst part is the person whom you desire doesn't seem to realise you exist.

We are at the local café, and my heart is still beating abnormally fast as Danielle and I chat about our lives, and how there isn't much of anything happening in them. She moans about Brian for ten minutes.

She smiles again, but this time with sadness in her eyes.

"I tried to get him off his game last night. I got on my sexiest underwear, including a pair of crotchless panties he got me before our wedding. I even spent ages shaving all over, exactly how he likes it. I went into the lounge and he pretty much ignored me.

"All he said was, 'You look stunning babe.'"

As Danielle went on about Brian, I felt my heart rate pick up even more. Before long, I was hit with the familiar sensation of my cock stiffening. I tried desperately to keep the image of this beautiful girl in crotchless panties out of my mind. Of course, I experience all sorts of sexual thoughts at home, but certainly not in the middle of a busy cafe. 

"He must be mad, picking a console over you," I blurt out, trying to erase the raunchy pictures of Danielle from my mind, whilst looking into her eyes.

She smiles shyly and says, "Aw, that's sweet, Blake. Thank you for saying that. It makes me feel like I'm not invisible."

The reason why I have an extremely uncomfortable erection, in the middle of a high street cafe, is because Danielle is beautiful. She has long blonde hair, with dark roots that offer a hint of her natural color. Her eyes are round and blue, and they shine bright as the sun every time she smiles. Once you manage to look away from her gorgeous face, you'll see that Danielle has a well-proportioned body. In the past she's mentioned that she suffers from minor back problems, which is unsurprising, since her breasts are so big. If I had to guess, I'd say they're about 34D. Danielle is of average height and a good healthy weight, certainly not too skinny.

After changing the topic of our conversation, I agree to come round to hers to watch a movie, as Brian is once again out with his friends. It is a Friday night, after all. He invited me to join him, but I made an excuse to get out of it. The last thing I wanted was for Danielle to think I was encouraging his reckless behaviour.

On my way home, all I can think about is Danielle. As soon as I enter my apartment, I drop everything, shove my hand down my trousers, grab my cock and massage my aching balls. Images of her flash through my mind as I undo my jeans, slide them down to my ankles and lie back on the sofa. I close my eyes and picture Danielle's smile, her breasts pressed tight against her jumper; I see her standing before me in crotchless panties. I manage to release my hard-on from my boxers. My cock is uncircumcised, around seven inches long and five inches round. One of my former partners mentioned I had a "pretty" penis. When I asked her what that meant, she explained it was smooth and not veiny. She thought veiny penises looked ugly.

I grab my dick with my left hand and start to rub my balls together. I pause and stare down at my shaft, imagining Danielle's pretty smile. I imagine her mouth slowly lowering toward my hard-on, gently licking the tip. This drives me over the edge as the pressure in my balls becomes more than I can take. I stroke myself a few more times before letting out a satisfied groan. A stream of cum lands on my stomach.

Later That Evening

I arrive at Danielle's around nine that evening. She answers the door in what looks like a pair of PJs. She is wearing a white robe with her t-shirt, and my heart skips a beat when I cannot work out what she's wearing around her legs.

She fetches me a beer and a glass of rosé for her, and we settle onto the soft in the lounge. Whilst she is looking for the movie on the box, we start talking, and she mentions that she's had an argument with Brad over the episode from the previous night. 

"I tried to explain how he made me feel and he didn't seem to understand," she says. "I just don't understand Blake." Danielle looks desperately at me, and then she blurts out, "Another thing I can't work out is that I know he still plays with himself. He wants to pleasure himself, but he won't let me do it for him?" She puts her hand to her mouth and says, "Sorry, I know he's your friend. That was too much information." 

Slightly stunned, I reply, "I don't know what to say to that, aside from that I used to masturbate when I had girlfriends in the past."

Danielle nods and says, "I get that. I don't even mind that he does it, but it hurts to know he is still getting his fun."

I hesitate slightly, but I decide to be brave. "Don't you ever pleasure yourself?"

Danielle looks a bit shocked, "Yes, I do, but when we were fucking like rabbits I didn't need to. Maybe I'd do it once a month back then. Now I have to get myself off at least once a week."

These words coming from her mouth stir raw feelings of animalistic lust deep inside me once again. My cock begins to grow, ready for another round.

"Shit, I don't know, Danielle. You're a beautiful girl, but even I would still wank if I were with you. That being said, I would also want to fuck you." As soon as I said this to Danielle, I wanted to take it back. Up until that point, I think she knew I found her attractive, but not that I outright wanted to screw her.

Angrily, she raises her voice. "You want to fuck me? At least SOMEONE does." Danielle looks at me. "Great, my husband doesn't want to fuck me, but one of my best friends does. I can turn you on, but I can't satisfy my own husband. I find it hard to believe, that I can't turn on the guy I agreed to spend the rest of my life with, but I can turn on my friend, who's never even seen me in a swimsuit. You don't need to bullshit me to try and make me feel better."

Danielle gets more and more angry, but all her talking of fucking is only turning me on further. I now having a throbbing boner, which hardens even more when I glance at her legs. "I am sorry if I upset you, but I was telling the truth."

Danielle takes a gulp of her wine and looks at me. I can tell she is on the verge of tears. "Let's test that logic, okay?"

She begins fiddling with her robes, and I raise my voice and firmly say, "No. You don't need even to do that. Look down."

Danielle lowers her eyes to my crotch and takes in the bulge of my dick straining against my jeans. I take her right hand and gently place it in the right spot, and as I do, my cock twitches against the sensation of her skin through the fabric.

"You don't even need to show me anything," I whisper.

She hesitates, and then she says, "Show me."

I stand up in front of her and unbuckle my jeans. Her gaze has shifted from a look of upset to one of hesitant lust. I undo the button of my jeans and lower them to the ground. My hard dick bulges in my boxers. I gently say, "If you want to see it, the next step is up to you."

Danielle looks up at me with those gorgeous eyes. She places her left hand over the bulge and uses her right hand to pull on the front waistband of my boxers. She tugs the waistband away from my skin, and down. My cock springs free. Danielle looks a bit stunned.

"This is because of me?" she whispers.

"Yes, Danielle," I say firmly. "This is all your doing."

She smiles and says, "Well, if it is my fault, the least I can do is fix it." With that, she wraps her right hand around my dick and caresses it. As she gently pulls back on my foreskin, I release an involuntary moan, which only seems to encourage her. She still takes it slow, pulling down my foreskin completely to reveal the full, engorged head of my cock. Then she rolls my foreskin back over the head. I shudder in response as Danielle lifts the shaft up and gently licks my balls. The next thing I know, Danielle has taken one in her mouth. She is gently sucking, and my throbbing cock can hardly take the pressure. I moan in pleasure as her mouth explores my nutsack. She stops sucking, and after licking the head of my cock, teasing me, she plunges as much of it as she can into her mouth. Covered in her saliva, my dick has become slick. Danielle expertly removes her robe, revealing a pair of pink panties and her plain white t-shirt. The outline of her nipples beneath the thin fabric confirms that she isn't wearing a bra. I lift my shirt over my head, and she plays with my stomach. Then she grabs my ass with both hands and pushes more of my cock into her mouth. 

Eventually, I gain the willpower to gently push her off. I lift her arms up, and with no resistance I remove her t-shirt. Danielle stands up, and I take a moment to relish the sight that I have fantasised about for so long. Her breasts do indeed look to be around 34D. They are firm, and her nipples are large and hard, with perfectly sized areolas. I reach out and touch both of her tits, gently squeezing her left nipple as Danielle shivers in response. 

I push her back onto the soft and kneel on the floor before her. I grab the waistband of her panties and yank them down. She assists me by raising her hips. As I fling her panties to the ground, I take immense pleasure in what I see. Danielle has a completely shaven pussy that is glistening with moisture. I can see her clit just begging to be touched. I look up at Danielle, whose mouth is open in anticipation of what's to come. I gently lick her slit from further down to just below her clit. She moans as I stop, and one of my fingers fondles her hole. I slide a finger in slightly, and Danielle makes a lovely noise, only reinforcing how much she needs to be completely and utterly fucked. I stop teasing her and plunge my finger deeper inside her, and I start attacking her hard clit with my tongue. She grabs the back of my head as I taste her most sensitive parts. I withdraw my fingers, lower my mouth and grab her thighs as I push my tongue further into her fuckhole. She twists in delight as my tongue penetrates her, and now she is in a position where I can lick her from behind. In this position, I have even better access to her. I pull my tongue out from inside her, flicking it upward and over her asshole.

She whimpers, "Please, no one has ever done this to me before..."

I begin to lick her asshole, whilst using my fingers to penetrate her pussy and rub her clit. She moans loudly as my tongue explores her tight ass. Eventually, Danielle pushes me away and onto the floor. She climbs on top of me so we end up in the 69 position. She shoves my dick into her mouth, and I continue to lick her pussy at the same time. I feel her whole body trembling. She struggles to keep my cock in her mouth as she moans.

"I am going to fucking come. Please don't stop, Blake. Make me come all over your face!"

I feel her body release an explosion of energy as her pussy juices flow down my tongue and into my mouth. I'm still licking her when she pulls away. Danielle squeals with pleasure.

"Please fuck me, Blake. Take me. I want you inside me."

I pick her up, carry her to the soft, open her legs and position my hard-on at the entrance of her wonderfully inviting cunt

"Are you sure?" I ask.

She pushes forward in response, and I gladly comply. My dick slides inside her and I let out a big moan. She feels amazing, which is nothing short of what I expected. 

"Make love to me, Blake," says Danielle, her voice urgent. "Don't just fuck me."

I gladly comply as I kiss her, whilst slowly but firmly starting to find my rhythm. As we make love, I feel myself starting to lose control. It seems as though Danielle can sense it. She pushes me out of her and stands up, forcing me down onto the sofa. Then she starts kissing me deeply.

"Now you have made love to me," she says. "I want you to completely and utterly ravage me. Fuck me hard."

With this, Danielle lowers herself onto my shaft and begins bouncing on my cock. As she finds her rhythm, I slap her ass and play with her hard nipples.

"I am going to come all over your dick. Make me come, Blake."

Danielle's body shudders once again. Still bouncing, she buries her face into my neck and moans loudly. I can't take anymore. I can feel her muscles tightening as she climaxes. I feel the pressure in my balls building, and Danielle slows down and firmly rides me until, with one final downward movement, I cry out loud and fill her with my cum. She kisses me whilst I empty myself into her warm, tight body.

She takes my face in her hands, my cock beginning to soften inside her. Danielle gazes into my eyes once more.

"I guess you weren't lying after all," she says.