 My name is Jacob and I've wanted to live a normal life for as long as I can remember. The following is a story about how I discovered that normal is a relative concept and, for the most part, it doesn't exist unless you seriously change your standards of what is considered normal. 

On the surface I'm as normal as can be, one could even say that I'm the guy next door that young girls wish was the their neighbor. I'm white, 6 foot 2 inches tall and 27 years old but I still sport an athletically toned body, a remnant from my college years playing football at Arizona St. By all accounts I'm attractive, but I've never felt like it gave me some sort of status or authority to be an asshole; that's just not how I was raised.

The only reason I say that is because I live in Los Angeles now, the land of assholes. And boy is life different. 

As opposed to the dry heat of the desert, now there was the thick smog-filled heat. Instead of gorgeous "normal" women, everything came with an enhancement or enlargement of some sort. Close friends? Good luck trying to find it in a place like this. At least I had Beverly. 

Beverley is my serious girlfriend of three and a half years. We met back in undergrad but that's a longer story. A few years ago we bumped into each other at a cocktail party, went out on a date a week later and that was that. Now I have to break to her the news that I will not be able to go to Palm Springs for our romantic weekend getaway. 

You see if my weariness with LA was palpable then my disdain for my new boss, Al, must have so obvious as a tattoo across my forehead in big, bright neon lettering. I'm a reasonable man but this degree of derision made the most punctilious sort look like LSD-tripping monkeys cleaning a room. 

Yap, yap, yap. "Do this. Do it faster. Do it better. Where are we on that white paper?" I thought this was the weekend away so I could show Beverley that I wasn't really married to my job. Alas, welcome to a world where weekends are just another work day, again.

Someone once told me to get to the stuff that you don't want to do first, so I decided to call her first thing after discovering I'd have to work all weekend. "Hey hon. Ah, so...I'm good, I'm good. Well not exactly, actually. Listen, something came up at work, well I'm not going to be able to make it away after all. No, I tried. He just...Well, of course I do, how could you say that?"

Just as I uttered that last sentence, my secretary Kimberly walked up to my desk with an expectant faced that clearly wanted to ask me a question. Kimberly was very good at gauging the temperature in the room and now was no different, she quietly walked back to her desk as if she hadn't hear the fight that was developing.

"What do you mean you're just going to go? Well yes, we've paid for it but it would be nice. No, you're right, I mean just because I can't enjoy it with you is no reason for one of us not to enjoy themselves." My condescension and sarcasm were dripping out with each word, but I couldn't help myself. You're not the only one that wanted for us to go, I thought. "Well, all right. I guess I'll see you on Sunday night. Bye."

Kimberly returned back to my desk. Kimberly was a beautiful young woman, but I could hardly notice it at a time like this. "Jacob, sorry to bother you, I just looked over the schedule and wanted to know if you want me to give a higher priority to the Lenoard or Hopkins' file?"

My head was spinning after the phone conversation and I grimaced painfully as I rubbed my forehead with my right hand, "neither, we have a rush job for Valeant, due under 72 hours." 

"Again," Kimberly said incredulously. Kimberly was kind to play dumb but we both knew that it was neither the first, nor the last time that Al was going to have me work the weekend on a project. 

Kimberly had started to bend over for files that were in a corner of the room. She seized the opportunity for some much needed humor. "Well look on the bright side, at least you get to look at my ass all day long." Kimberly shot me a wry smile and despite myself I could help but start laughing. I shook my head. It was juvenile, yet playful but it was exactly what I needed in that moment. Kimberly smiled, "I'll pull what we have and round up what everyone else's got, gimme a half-hour." 

As she walked away I couldn't but help admire Kimberly's backside. She certainly knew what she was talking about. Kimberly reminded me off girls back home - exquisitely good looking - dark hair, long legs, firm yet voluptuous ass, well-proportioned tits, just absolutely gorgeous. I had so much on my plate lately I could hardly notice. 

The next few hours flew by with calls, meetings, and more meetings and calls. It was 7 pm and the entire office had already retreated home or gone out for a happy hour. I had sent my team home an hour ago, knowing that they were coming back early the next day anyway. Kimberly had offered to stay behind and help a little bit more before she headed out, I couldn't resist getting a little bit more secretarial help before the weekend. She was, after all, not coming in tomorrow.

Kimberly was helping me sort the papers of various proposals and presentations. My eyes were starting to zig-zap with this dizzying array of binders and folders. I let out a deep sigh, "Will the madness ever end?"

Kimberly played along, "Well I turn back into a pumpkin any minute now." 

"Yeah, you should go home. We've done enough for tonight." I stretched my arms as high as I could reach, my upper and lower back were killing me from bending outstretched over this desk for so long. 

"Back pain?"

"You know it." It wasn't the first time that my back had been a sore spot for me. Kimberly briskly left and returned with water and some Aleve. 

"Ah, thank you. 'Advanced medicine for pain.' I'm about to find out."

Kimberly, "Do you trust me?"

"Ah, yes. What do you mean?"

"Lie on the floor. I'll show you."

Too tired to ask why, I just did ask instructed. "Listen if you're going to kick me in the head to give me further brain damage than I already got playing football, do me a favor and just kick my head into Al's office so it smashes down on his little souvenir trinkets."

"I'll make a note of it." At that point Kimberly slipped out of her high heels and revealed her dainty little feet. I knew what was coming. "Are you ready? One two three. Breathe out."

At that moment, Kimberly stood on my back and an orchestra of cracks started to give way and guttural moans of pain and relief left my mouth. "Ah. Oh, god. That feels good." Kimberly got off me. "Oh, why did you stop?"

"A little bit is good for you. A lot isn't. Besides, if someone walked into the office right now they'd assume I was giving you a blowjob or something." 

Perhaps it was my lying down face first in the floor in the middle of a euphoric pain release that led me to quip back, "It would take a lot more than a blowjob to make me moan like that."

"Oh really? Well I'll have to remember that. How does it feel?"

"Better but it still hurts." Without asking or saying anything, Kimberly straddled me and sat on my ass. She started to rub my back. 

"Um, ok. That's not exactly what you said you were going to do but ok." This was the first time she ever really touched me with her hands and it felt terrific. She was rubbing so slowly and sensually up my body I was starting to be focused on something other than the pain in my back. I could smell her, as she leaned in to get more force into loosen my muscles. 

"You need to relax Jacob. Let me help you relax." I didn't say anything but it was clear I was acquiescing. "Listen to my voice. Imagine you're on a completely secluded beach and there's no one else there. No but me and you. You're lying there with nothing on but your swimsuit. I'm wearing nothing but a skimpy little bikini, white with red polka dots. I'm oiling up your back and slowly massaging it in to your lower back." 

As she was saying this, she lifted up the lower part of my dress shirt so she could work skin to skin. Her hand were warms and felt smooth to the touch. She reached as far up as she could manage before she lightly dragged her nails down my back. I softly moaned and it sent chills down my back.

"Good. Keep relaxing. Now, I want you to flip on your back, so I can get the front-side of you."

I did as instructed. She ran her hands up from my stomach to my chess and started massaging my chess with small circles. 

"Now I want you to sink into the sand. Like you don't have a care in the world." At this point, Kimberly started undoing the buttons on my dress shirt. I didn't stop her and instead rationalized with myself, "What's the worst that can happen; it's not like she's doing anything that can't be undone." She deftly undid all my buttons.

"Now I want you to lift up your back ever so slightly." As I lifted up she quickly removed my entire shirt. I could hear a bottle being up capped and she started spreading some sort of lotion on my chess and arms, continuing to massage me. At this point, Kimberly was breathing heavily, having been rubbing me for several minutes now. 

"Keep your eyes closed. Do you promise?"

"I promise."

She gently rubbed my temples in short small circles. Three clock-wise. Three counter-clockwise. The tips of her fingers gently caressed my face and then traced my body from my neck through my shoulders, chest, stomach down to my waistline, where she snuck her fingers in between my waistline and my dress pants.

"You have all this pent up energy. And I want to be a good secretary. It's wrong that I tease you all day with my tight little ass. I want to make it up to you." She slowly started undoing my belt and unbuttoning my pants. She slowly unzipped my pants and started rubbing my cock through my underwear. I was already hard. 

My cock is quite large, 7 and half inches and thick. There was already precum all over my underwear. 

"It looks like someone is happy to see me. But I don't want to get in trouble, is my boss telling me he would like me to take care of him? Hmm. Is that what you want Jacob? Do you want me to take care of you while Beverly is down in Palm Spring?"

At that point I opened my eyes and jumped up from the ground.

"What? What the fuck are you talking about?"

"You opened your eyes, you said, you promised you weren't going to do that!"

"Ok, this is over."

"No it's not." With one hand Kimberly ripped her blouse open and the other reached between her legs and ripped, what looked like a thong clear off her body. 

"Jesus Christ what the hell are you doing?"

"It's not what I'm doing. It's what you've done. You're going to fuck me. Right here. Right now. And I want to hear it, in your voice, how much you want me!"

"What you're insane. You're about two inches from getting fired."

Kimberly confidently stepped in, grabbed my still erect cock and whispered in my ear, "Actually it looks like your seven inches away from fucking my brains out. And either you do that, either you do me or I'm going to tell everyone in the office that you tried to rape me. [Feigning distress] Please officers help me my boss tried to rape me. Please stop him. Beverly I don't know why he raped me but I should have known all that harmless flirting. All those times he slapped my ass and told me I was a "bad girl." I thought it was all fun and games. Until he threw me down in the office ordered me to get to my knees and told me to suck his big hard cock. I didn't have any choice. And then when he was getting close he told me that I was going to have clean his cock until it's dry. He forced me to swallow his cum Beverly. But before I could he told me I had to swish it in my mouth so I knew just how much of a two-bit, no good, dirty little slut I was. [Breaking character] How was I to know it tasted so sweet?"

Dumbfounded. That was the only word I had for this moment. Shocked. Disbelief. Panic. Add it all up, one word. Dumbfounded. I hardly knew what to say. I was petrified so much that I could hardly utter a syllable. "What do you want from me?"

"I want you to use me, like your little fuck toy. First, I want you to tell me to get my knees and suck your rock hard cock."

"Kimberly, please."

"Do it."

"Kimberly, I love Bev..."

"If you say that cunt's name, I'll make sure I tell her that you told me how you never loved her and that you hated her in bed and that the thought of her dry pussy made you want to jerk off more than you could ever bear. Not only that, but I'm going to tell her how your favorite game to play was fucking my pussy and then making sure she sucked your cock that night just so she could taste my pussy. That's why you knew you had to have me, a tight moist pussy. So again, tell me to be a good little girl, get on my knees and suck your cock."

"Ok, suck my cock."

This set her off even more. Kimberly erupted.

"Did I say "ok, suck my cock," no! Say, 'you're going to say get on your fucking knees you fucking cunt and suck my big rock hard cock.'

"Ok. Kimberly, get on your fucking knees and suck my fucking rock hard cock. Be a good little girl and suck my cock." 

"And I thought you'd never ask." With that, she stripped off my boxers and went to town on my cock. She started slowly by licking my shaft with long full licks. Then slowly tickling the tip of my cock. After a short while she started slapping the tip of my cock on her fully extended tongue. "Mmm, you like that. You're getting so big in my hand. I wonder what happens when I put it in my mouth."

My eyes widened the second she stuck my cock in her mouth. Her mouth felt nothing short of perfection. Warm. Soft. Moist. She was an expert at synching up her hand movements with her delicious mouth. 

It killed me but I was enjoying it. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed this as much with Beverly.

"Oh God. If you keep doing that you're going to make me cum."

She quickly took my cock out of her mouth, resting it on her cheeks and giving me a lascivious look of desire, she said, almost in a whisper, "Oh no you don't. You're going to fuck me first. I want my boss to fuck me first." Now standing in front of me she instructed me, "take off my clothes."

I was lost in the orders and the confusion of the moment. "Rip them off," She ordered. I did as instructed. Her skirt went flying and in a moment she was wearing nothing but her matching black bra and thong. 

My head started spinning. In my experience, Beverly never wore matching bra and panties...unless they know. Jesus Christ she planned this. No, she couldn't have. She didn't know that, but she still...

My last thought trailed off as Kimberly looked at me with the wryest of smiles and look of absolute knowing, "Hmm. No I don't. Usually wear these together. But I went home and changed during lunch when I knew we were going to be working late. Maybe I thought there was a chance for me to earn some brownie points with my overworked boss."

I couldn't believe this was happening, or that she had planned it.

"Now are you going to be the only one naked?" She bent down over the table to give me a perfect view of her splendid ass and smooth legs. 

I unfastened her bra with my left hand and then slowly ran my hands down the side of her body until I grabbed both side of her thong. I was entranced by the look of her gorgeous ass popped out right in front of my face. I pulled them down to the floor and Kimberly stepped out of them.

With my right arm I pushed everything on my desk aside and picked her up, firmly grabbing each ass cheek. 

"No take me from behind. Tell me how much you adore my body."

"You're fucking hot. You know it."

"Tell me how you want to violate me."

"I want to violate you."

"Make me feel it. Jam that cock in me. Fuck me hard."

"Shut up and take that cock." I couldn't believe those words came out of me but that only turned on Kimberly more.

"That's it. Tell me what a good little slut secretary I am."

"Shut the fuck up and take that cock. Oh god yeah. You're ass if fucking amazing. Take all that cock. Oh god I'm going to cum."

"Cum inside me Jacob. Tell me you love me."

"What?"

"Tell me you love me when you cum."

"Oh god."

"Yes."

"Oh god I love you."

"I love you too." 

"Ahhhhhh."

My thrusts were deep and I grabbed her hips in close. With each thrust loads of my cum shot up inside Kimberly. My secretary. I just had sex with my secretary. And it was the best sex I had in months. Kimberly turned around and dropped to her knees and took my cock into her mouth before coming back up and wrapping her arms around my neck.

"So boss, it sounds like you have an empty bed tonight. Mind if I come over?" Kimberly had a devilish smile on her face to which I was unsure how to respond. 

My mind was racing, yet again. What just happened? What does this mean? How could I do this? Man, that felt good but she's totally manipulative.

I tried as hard as I could to seem composed and in control. "I may have to think about it a little bit. After all, you did just blackmail me into having sex." 

"Oh don't worry boss. You can trust me. Now why don't you invite me over tonight. Seems like you could use some company."

I took a long look out the window contemplating my options. This was supposed to my romantic weekend away with Beverly and instead this happens. I took a deep breath and turned back to face Kimberly but I still didn't know exactly what I was going to say or how I was going to play this. 

-To be continued