 I had been dating my then girlfriend and now wife for about five months when, as I suppose most couples who realize they are meant for each other do, we had one of those awesome conversations about sex. You know, things you like and dislike, fantasies, what you've tried before, where you've tried it, and what and where you'd like to try things in the future. We hadn't actually had sex yet, so listening to her tell me these things was a real turn on since it gave me an idea of what I could expect. I remember most things about that conversation, but one thing in particular remains fresh in my mind. The only thing I'm not really clear on is exactly what we were talking about that prompted her to say what she did. 

It was near the end of the conversation when she said, "I like to think of myself as a classy slut." 

"What?" I asked, a little shocked. "What does that mean?"

"Well," she said, "I like to dress up in nice clothes, go to fancy restaurants, and I enjoy the theater. I'm well educated, like to have intelligent conversations, and I consider myself to be romantic and somewhat sophisticated. I also expect to be treated with respect. But there are times when I let all that go and all I really want is to be treated like a dirty little slut. I don't mean in a bad way, I just mean I don't want a nice romantic love making session. I want it hard, fast, and a little on the nasty side."

"I see," I said, my mind filling with all sorts of delicious scenarios as I pictured my brunette beauty in all sorts of erotic situations. "And how exactly will I know when you are in one of these moods?" I asked. 

"Don't worry, I'll make it quite clear," you replied with a smile. 

Fast forward a few months, probably a month or so after our wedding. We woke up on a cold Saturday morning in February and went down stairs to have breakfast. 

"You go grab the paper out front and I'll put the coffee on and start making breakfast," you said. 

"Sounds like a plan," I replied, opening the front door and stepping out into the cold winter morning made even colder by the fact that I only was wearing boxers and a T-shirt. 

I returned with the newspaper and walked back into the kitchen. As I rounded the corner, I was a little surprised to see my new bride on her knees by the table. Before I could say anything she grabbed my hand and pulled me to where she knelt, using her other hand to pull down my boxers. Without warning she took my cock in her mouth and gently began to suck, a soft moan escaping from her now full mouth. I hadn't been aroused prior to this, especially because of the blast of cold air from outside, but as soon as those big beautiful lips and that warm wet mouth wrapped around my cock, I was instantly hard. 

"What are you doing?" I asked, a little shocked, the feeling of her soft tongue and luscious lips sending shivers up and down my spine. She didn't answer, just kept sucking, taking my entire cock in her mouth and slowly sliding up to the tip, occasionally making slurping noises as she sucked off the precum. Then she stopped, gently pushing me back a step or two as she pulled off her nightgown. She stood to give me a view of her naked body, striking a seductive pose in front of me that included sliding one of her fingers into her pussy, drenching it with wetness, and licking it off. She then turned around, knelt on all fours with her ass in the air, and said, "fuck me. Fuck me like I'm a dirty little slut. I want to feel your hard cock in my tight little cunt!" 

Completely taken off guard, I hesitated for just a minute. Then it hit me, this was one of those times she had mentioned in our conversation from when we were dating. 

Back to the task at hand, I slipped off my boxers and knelt behind her, slipping my now throbbing cock between her thighs and gently rubbing the shaft on her clit. 

"Put it in and fuck me hard!" she breathlessly exclaimed. 

I did as I was told, slowly sliding my cock deep inside her pussy, covering it with her delicious wetness. Then I stopped, put a hand on each of her hips and began to thrust, slowly at first, but gradually building in speed. I took my right hand and reached up to her tits, which were bouncing with every thrust, and gently pinched her nipple.

"That's it," she panted, "fuck that pussy, fuck that pussy, fuck that pussy. I want your cock balls deep in my hot cunt." 

For another minute or two we continued to thrust, me ramming my cock forward and her slamming her hips back to meet it. She continued to moan in ecstasy and my balls began to ache as my orgasm built. 

"I'm your slut, baby, your own dirty little slut! Fuck me hard!" 

I increased my thrusting, both hands again on either of her hips. Then, remembering something she likes me to do when she's giving me one of her world famous blowjobs, I reached up and grabbed a handful of her hair, pulling just hard enough. I continued to fuck her, hard and fast, one hand on her hip and one pulling her hair. 

"Yes! Yes! Keep going! Fuck your nasty slut! Fill me with your hot cum!" 

My balls erupted in what seemed like a never ending orgasm, filling her pussy with ribbons of hot cum. As I thrust my cock that final time, she threw back her hips and arched her back, moaning with delight as the orgasm washed over her body. 

We both collapsed, lying on the kitchen floor, drops of cum forming a small puddle. 

"That was just what I needed," she said with a sigh. "Now help your princess up so she can make breakfast."