 "I don't know about you," Shanti said, "but I could use a shower. I'm positively grimy from rolling around on this counter."

"Yeah, I know what you mean. I got plenty worked up, myself." 

"And I'm hot!" 

"You can say that again! And your cunt's a really steamy one, too!" 

"I meant, there's no ventilation in here to speak of. That stupid little fan simply doesn't work too well." 

"We can go up on the roof to cool off."

She felt his prick stir a bit. She reached down between her legs and found the limp little organ. It was hardly bigger than her thumb now. This was all that remained of the once proud eight-inch boner that had fucked her so nobly. But it was stirring, rising once again to the occasion.

"What's on the roof?" she asked.

"Well, I'll be up there. Isn't that good enough? Or do you want something else?" 

"I'd love to have that fine cock of yours fucking me again!" 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck. Is that all you ever think of?" 

"No. Sometimes I think about sucking you off. I don't much care which it is, as long as I can feel that lovely prick of yours as much as I want but feeling it driving hard between my legs, going all the way up into my cunt, that's super!"

"Shit, another horny school teacher. Is that a requirement now? You have to be perpetually in heat before they hire you?" 

"You should know, you the stud teacher with the reputation for attacking all the women teachers-and students." 

"Not so!" he protested. "I never attack any of the women unless they ask for it or look like they might ask for it some day when I wouldn't be around to help them out." 

"So that's what you do, huh? You help them out."

"Sure. Horny, inhibited, I bring out the best in them. I make them come to their senses, so to speak." 

"You made me come, that's for sure!" 

"Bitch. But I love you, anyway. Now, let's get out of this stuffy room and out onto the roof. There's a moon tonight. A full moon so let's you and me go up on the roof and fuck like lunatics!"

"Sounds like a winner, just like this!" She felt his cock give another surge as she stroked along its length. It wouldn't be long before he would have a fully usable flicking tool again. And she wanted to be on the receiving end when it rope to the occasion.

They hastily put their clothes on, she giving him sideways looks. The man's body was even more spectacular than she'd first thought. Well-muscled, he obviously got a lot of exercise. The tiny paunch around his middle was sexier than a turn off for her.

Love handles. That's what they were. She reached out and gripped about an inch of the flesh between her fingers and pulled. He yelped, and then kissed her. The kiss deepened until she thought he was going to fuck her in the darkroom again.

She almost wished he had because of the disappointment when he finally broke off the kiss to say, "To the roof. I want some fresh air. Hell, after being cooped up in this chemical odor-laden room, I need it!"

"Is that all you need?" she taunted.

"Nope. I could do with a well-spread young lady who was willing to plant herself firmly down around my cock. And then move just a little bit while I was fucking like hell." 

"Is that all you need?" 

"I need you." The kiss lasted a little longer, but by the time the woman came to her senses, Adi was showing her out of the small room. He didn't quite push her along the deserted hallway of the school, but he came close.

"Bhiku's on duty, you can count on it. And I don't want to have to tell him why we're, it, working late." 

"You call it work? I call it fun!" 

"Shush, now. Here's the stairway. On up with you. And wiggle that sweet ass all you want going up. I love to watch!" And he did. 

Seeing her wiggle her bottom as she mounted the stairs to the roof was almost enough to get him hard again. Her ass rolled gently from side to side in the most seductive manner possible. He wanted to rape her by the time she finally got out onto the flat, broad roof.

"Ummm, it is cool out here, Adi. And the moon! Oh, it's full!" "And high in the air, too." She looked down at the bulge in his pants. 

"That's not all that's on the rise. I can see something even more thrilling for me." He laughed and took her by the arm. 

"If we're going to be up here to fuck, we're gonna do it so that it's exciting. Even more exciting than down in the darkroom." He seated her on the stone ledge running around the roof so that her ass dangled out over a three story drop. She clutched wildly at the edge of the roof.

"Don't, Adi. I'm scared of heights!" 

"You haven't even seen the heights yet!" He unzipped his pants and let his newly reborn prick snap to attention in front of his groin. In the moonlight, it looked like a wand of silver topped with a gleaming purplish knob.

"Now that's the kind of height I like!" She dropped to her knees to suck on his cock. He didn't protest. She loved the way that cock came totally alive in her mouth. It had been erect but not fully stiff. As she sucked and licked it, his prick stiffened noticeably. It was like raising the dead.

And she ended up with a throbbing real, wonderfully vibrant cock in her mouth.

"That feels damn good, honey, but I want to bury it somewhere even nicer. Nicer for me, that is, and I suspect maybe for you, too." 

"Now where would that be?" she asked needlessly. She could feel her cunt beginning to drool at the prospect of having this wondrous length of cock buried in it again.

He said nothing. Looking down into her dark horny eyes made him feel like he was being pulled into another universe. And it was better. This other world was filled with tight cunt and sucking mouths and wanton women.

Wanton women like Shanti.

She lightly touched his prick again. The cock was glistening from her saliva. As a cool wind began to blow across the roof, she felt her sweat vanishing. She also saw that the man's cock was beginning to shiver. She didn't want it to get too cold.

Immediately, she stuffed it back into her mouth.

"Hmmmm, that's nice, but I told you your cunt's what I want to fuck. Not that sweet face of yours".

She felt strong hands reach under her arms and gently lift her. Reluctantly, she left his prick dancing in the air in front of his crotch.

His fingers began working their magic all over her body, feathery touches here, stronger ones there stimulating her boobs, fondling them, cupping them in his palms, and then moving on.

Before she knew it, she was naked again. He had totally undressed her to stand bare-ass naked in the moonlight. She smiled a little, then twirled around for his inspection.

"Well, sir, do you like me like this? Mother naked?"

"I love you like this!" 

"Now you get naked." With her help, it was only a matter of seconds before the man was standing like a Greek god in front of her. That hard-on he sported told her this was going to be a memorable fuck. He wasn't going to quit until they were both totally pleasured.

She threw her hands around his neck and pulled his head down to her face. Ups crushed brutally into hers. The kiss deepened. His tongue flashed out and into her mouth to dance around her tongue, teasing, tormenting, and luring her out.

As her tongue lightly touched his teeth, he sucked down hard. He trapped the pink, agile little tip between his lips making sure his teeth held her firmly. Not enough to hurt, but enough to keep her from escaping. Then he teased her tongue tip with his. Light, flickering motions soon reduced her to quivering mass begging to be fucked.

Releasing her tongue allowed her to gasp out, "God, you make me feel like a whore! I never wanted cock more in my life! Your cock!" His hands stroked up and down her sides. 

He traced each and every rib with calloused fingers. As he worked down her spine, he made sure he properly outlined each and every bone in her backbone. When his fingers found the delightfully rounded surface of her ass, he burrowed between the meaty ass cheeks.

The humid canyon seemed to beckon to him.

His finger went all the way down until he discovered her asshole, A little shove and lie was able to thrust his finger all the way up her back.

A tiny gasp escaped her lips as she felt the finger driving deep up her shit chute. The finger warmed her, excited her more than she'd have thought possible. The feel of his throbbing cock so close to her snatch should have been enough.

That finger was the icing on the cake. She wanted him to fuck her more than ever now.

"Go, Adi darling, do it! Do it to me! Shove that swollen prick of yours up my twat! I want to feel you moving inside me!"

"Don't want much, do you?" 

"I want that goddamn cock of yours! That's a fucking eight inches!" Using his finger buried up her anus, he guided her toward the verge of the building. Gently, he used his weight to press her down. She felt the cold stone ledge under her ass. Then she was dangling, ass out, over the three story drop to the ground.

"Wh-what are you doing! Don't let me fall!" 

"I won't do that. But we're gonna fuck with you dangling off the building. You get a charge out of exhibitionism. This is the ultimate. Combines real physical danger with the chance of being seen." 

"But all they'd see would be my ass!" 

"Yeah," he said, smiling wickedly. "You're gonna be mooning the whole goddamn school including that dumb statue of our dear founding father, good old Nimuth Perumal." Shanti turned and looked over her shoulder. 

There was nothing but forty feet of empty space between her and the statue on the ground. She shuddered at the thought of falling. Then it occurred to her that Ted was right. The physical danger was getting to her.

And it was turning her into the horniest bitch on the face of the earth! She'd fuck anything that moved, no matter what! Glancing back down at the statue, she said, "I wonder why they gave him such a horrified expression.

"The poor fucker wouldn't stop screaming when they poured the bronze in his mouth. I just hope you're not going to duplicate his expression when you feel this." She gasped as she felt his purple-headed cock nudge into her cunt lips. 

She snuggled down a little bit in his arms so she could open her pussy lips and suck in the glands of the man's prick. She wanted to feel that hot, driving poker of man meat all the way up into her belly, She didn't get it. He simply turned and went to the pile of their clothing.

She gasped when she saw him coming back with his broad, thick black leather belt. And clutched in his other hand was her smaller, thinner one of brown vinyl.

"Wh-what are you going to do? You're not going to beat me? Tie me up! You wouldn't!" 

"Nope but if I don't do this, I might lose control at the wrong time and we'd both be sony" he fastened the belts together in a large loop. 

He put it over his head and shimmied it down around his waist. Then he put it over Shanti's head and repeated the action. They were tied together at the waist by strong leather. If either of them slipped, the other would be able to hang on and prevent a deadly fall.

"I like a bit of dangerous thrill when I fuck, but I don't want to end up dead when I screw. And it would be such a waste if you croaked." 

"That's all I am to you, an inconvenience!" the woman flared.

"No. Right now you're a delectable woman waiting for something only I can give her." She felt his cock pressing into her pussy mound. The thick fur was tangled and matted from the previous fuck fest down in the darkroom. But the erotic rubbing of his cock against her pubic mound was enough to make her forget all about her mock anger.

This was living. This was why they'd come up to the roof. She didn't even notice as he maneuvered her back to the edge of the building. She knew her ass was hanging out in thin air, but it didn't matter. She was letting his turgid prick come over closer to her cunt mouth.

When he stabbed forward with his hips, his prick went sailing down the slippery slit of her pussy lips. He parted them and stimulated them as he stroked back toward her ass.

She felt a sudden surge of delight pass into her cunt. She sighed and wiggled her hips down over his cock. It was soothing and stimulating at the same time. She didn't understand how a man s cock could affect her like his ~was doing.

It didn't matter. All she cared about was getting that big, round, wonderfully hard prick into her pussy.

"Go on and fuck me! I want it! I WANT IT!" the slut Shanti - an Iyer was so dirty doing it with no shame back to back in a few hours since the afternoon. 

His hands gripped her ass with ferocious strength. She felt herself being lifted up into the air. When her feet no longer touched the roof, he swung her backwards. She lifted her legs and wrapped them around his waist.

She immediately sucked in her breath and held it, the action had driven his cock impossibly deep into her cunt. She felt it bending down as her body bent backwards. Her hair streamed down over her head, dangling over the edge of the roof.

Opening her eyes, she was horrified at the sight of the ground. She was being held almost entirely upside down-and dangling over the edge of the building. She could see now why he had insisted on the rough leather belts around their waists.

Sure, that iron-hard cock in her cunt was supporting her just a bit. It turned and thr9bbed and made her feel good. But when he began fucking her, it would enter and leave her cunt. If either of them came, it could have been disaster.

"G-god! This is spooky, Adi! I...I don't know if like it." 

"You will. Just give it a few minutes." His hands gripped firmly into her soft, pliant ass flesh. She giggled a bit as his fingers worked their way between the globes of her ass to press into the damp canyon bottom. When he began lifting her by the ass, she thought he was going to rip those softly yielding ass cheeks from her body.

But it was necessary. This moved her up enough to allow her cunt to take even more of his cock. She felt his balls wetly slapping against her ass. Then he dropped her. She let herself go. He caught her at just the right moment.

Not only was there the feeling of falling, his prick left her cunt. She tensed her belly muscles in a vain attempt to stop it. Although he grunted from the impressive strength of her cunt, both gravity and the action of his hands on her ass made his cock leave her cunt.

She looked straight down at the ground. 

The thrill of danger ripped across her mind like a jagged razor slash as she was headed directly down to the pound the only things holding her up being the leather around her waist, the thick prick resting firmly inside her cunt lips and the man's hands on her upper arms.' She shivered and began swaying from side to side. This drove his cock into her cunt at an entirely different angle. As he pulled her up, the cock rubbed first one side, then the other of her well-oiled cunt. She loved it.

She loved the thought of falling-falling with the man's prick still actively fucking her to climax.

"Oh, Adi, Adi! Fuck me good! Th-this is super!" 

"I knew you'd like it," he gasped. -The man's hands were getting slippery. He was sweaty and hot even though the cool night breeze was caressing his broad chest and resting icy fingers on his back.

She wigged her ass against the rough stone of the building. Even this sharp, searing pain gave her a new and totally different thrill. His cock was giving the ultimate in human pleasure. The pain gave her something to compare that joy to.

And the distance all the way to the ground! Her body went berserk with orgasm. She screamed and thrashed around' in the other teacher's grip as best she could be falling. She could fall to her death at any instant.

Or be discovered. The security, guard was walking his rounds. What would he think seeing her stark naked, dangling over the edge of the building, a long, hard prick fucking her juicy little cunt? She didn't even want to think about those things. They were in her head but it was her cunt that drew her undivided attention. The way the man's prick drove mercilessly into her filled her with a bliss she hadn't known for too long.

"Keep going, love, keep fucking my poor little cunt!" Her only answer was a grunt from the straining man. He had braced his feet against the edge of the building. He didn't want to fall forward. If he relaxed for a spilt second, they'd both hurtle down to the hard ground three stories under them.

His balls were aching from the strain. His belly muscles pulled taut and were beginning to complain from the unusual fucking position. His prick was being bent downward at an unnatural angle.

It may have been unusual for him to fuck downwards into a gripping, steamy twat, but it was stimulating him to the breaking point. He could barely keep his lead-heavy jism locked up in his balls.

Twisting to and ho, he managed to fuck her cunt with every ounce of strength in his body. He lifted her up and drove his prick relentlessly into her pussy. Then he bounced a little on his toes to make sure it was driven as far into her inner reaches as possible. This done, he simply relaxed and let gravity pull her body off his prick.

"C-can't hang on much l-longer!" he moaned.

"You're pushing me to the brink! God, gotta fuck you, fuck you!" he began pulling her body even more firmly into his. Their crotches ground together in a liquid morass of lust. His bush mingled with hers, the cunt juices spilling out of her aroused pussy.

The tickle of the fuck fluids on his balls made them harden into a compact little bag that ached and pained him. He fought back the burning tide of his cum as he wanted more of her hot pussy. He wanted to feel it massaging his entire buried length of needy prick. There was nothing in the whole world that mattered more to the man at that instant.

He had to really get his rocks off.

Looking down past her body, he saw the ground; It was framed by her heaving boobs. The big mountains of tit flesh were bouncing around, giving the view an erotic aspect it wouldn't have had otherwise. The thick, red, pointy tips of her nipples were erect and demanding. He wished he could reach down and take them between thumb and forefinger.

They'd feel bloated between his fingers but that wouldn't matter in the least to him. And the woman would get an added thrill from this attention that would otherwise be lacking.

But he needed his hands on her arms for support. He couldn't hope to hold her aloft with just the belt around their middles.

He allowed his gaze to pass her mounds of succulent tit and go across her belly. It was concave with the strain of the fucking. He imagined that his prick was causing such suction in her cunt that it was pulling her belly down into her fuck channel.

But that was ridiculous. This was simply a reaction to the unique fucking position he'd gotten her into. The black triangle of her pussy mound was like an arrow pointing out the last bit of passion between the two, His long, firm cock was driving forcefully between her pinkly scalloped inner pussy lips.

Those delicate flaps of aroused flesh were obscenely, wantonly kissing his cock. As if they were oral lips sucking his prick, he was pulled into the humid depths of her cunt.

And he came.

He couldn't stand it any longer. His balls were churning around until he thought he'd go crazy from holding the fiery tide of his jism back.

His cock gave a convulsive lurch, and then spewed out his lava-hot cum. He creamed in her cunt until he was milked dry. And the entire while, he was lifting and dropping her body around his prick. The heat, the clutching of her gooey twat, the unusual position, all conspired against the woman, too.

As he was pouring forth his man seed, she came. Together, they twitched and ground their crotches together in a wild display of unbridled passion.
