 I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me but it's getting worse. I can't talk to anyone about this because if I told anyone they would instantly judge me and hate me. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to notice how much people hate sluts. Maybe that's what I am but I don't want to be a slut. Why can't I just be a nice normal girl like all of my friends? Why am I so horny? Why is my pussy always dripping wet and juicing through my clothes? 

It's so embarrassing the way I can't control myself. Every room I walk into I spot a man who wants to fuck me. I'm sure most girls know what I mean. Men are always looking. The difference between those girls and me is that the other girls don't bother with talking to these men. They roll their eyes and walk away, maybe gossip about how disgustingly lecherous a particular man was with them with their girlfriends. I don't have any girlfriends and there's probably a good reason why. Other girls hate me. I guess that's because I'm a slut but there are other reasons. Maybe it's the way I fuck their fathers. Maybe it's the way I fuck every guy I can wrap my pussy around. I need lots of cocks and I don't care who they are attached to. I just need to cum. I just need that rush. 

I don't know why I'm this way but I know that as soon as I became a woman something in me shifted. Everything I loved took a backseat to my newfound horniness. I wanted dick for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I wanted it on my work breaks and I didn't care where we did it or how badly the men treated me. I often didn't bother with condoms and I fucked in public places a lot, especially cars. I didn't mind fucking one of my professors in his office and I wasn't about to say no when a married guy I saw at the grocery store asked me if I wanted help out to my car. 

"Sure," I said, batting my eyelashes and sticking my tits out. I was hoping the reason he'd offered his assistance was so I could bounce on his dick. I was horny, like always and if I'm being honest my libido was worse than it had ever been. I couldn't get enough cock and I was constantly masturbating, trying to bring some kind of closure to a disease that never ended. The man walked me to my car and he made small talk as he loaded my groceries into my trunk. 

"You're a beautiful girl," he started with his flirting. 

"Aren't you married?" I taunted him. I didn't give a fuck if he was married. In fact, it kind of made it hotter. I wondered how many married guys would kill to meet a girl like me and bang me in my car. I hoped this guy was one of those guys. 

"Yeah, I'm married. Otherwise, I'd be asking you out." 

"Ever cheated?" I taunted him as I bent over to grab the keys I'd purposefully dropped. I knew my ass was hanging out of my shorts. I never left home without looking at least a bit sleazy. 

"No, I've never cheated," the man said. 

"Want to? I'm super horny and it's been a while since I had car sex." That was a lie. I'd had car sex about two hours earlier with one of the guys from the car wash. 

"I don't think I can," he apologized. 

"Oh. Okay," I hung my head. "Want to watch me masturbate then?" I smiled at him, hoping I could win him over. 

"Okay. Sure. That can't hurt." 

"Go on the driver's side. There's more room for me to fuck myself in the passenger seat," I instructed him. He obeyed my orders and I got my pussy out and showed it to him. "You like my pussy?" 

"Yes." 

"Want to touch it? Finger it?" 

"I...uh...okay," he gave in and he slid his finger into my slick hole. "It's so wet," he said with amazement. 

"Yeah, it's wet for you, baby," I told him and then I added my own fingers to the mix, rubbing my clit while he worked a single finger in and out of my pussy. I moaned a bit and I let myself cum as he watched. 

"Did you just cum?" he asked. 

"Yeah. I cum super easily. You want to try sticking another finger in me? Or something else?" I knew I was weakening him and I was proud of this. I was going to make him cheat on his wife. How could he resist my young, tight pussy? That's right. He couldn't. 

"Okay," he agreed and he shoved another finger in. I came even harder the second time and I knew that he was enjoying the show. 

"You want to stick your dick in here?" I opened my hole for him.

"I don't have a condom," the guy stammered. 

"I do, don't worry. Go ahead, get your dick out. I'll suck it for you." He got his cock out and I wrapped my mouth around it and sucked him until he was so hard that he was no longer thinking clearly. In my experience, I'd seen this before. He was about to give in and fuck me and something about this moment felt like a conquest. I was a conqueror and manipulator and I was about to take his married dick. I wanted his cock so much just because I wasn't supposed to have it. 

"Stop. Stop. I don't want to cum yet!" he begged me and so I stopped. I sat up and opened my legs and fingered myself until I was cumming. I wanted to fuck his cock so much and I looked at him with all the lust that had gathered within me and I summoned his cock with my eyes. I begged him to fuck me without saying a word. I said it all with lust and he heard the message loud and clear. "I want to fuck you. Is that okay?" 

"Yes. I need it so much," I begged him. I opened my legs and he rose up and pushed his dick into me. 

"You're so fucking young and tight. You're nothing like my wife," he cried as his cock filled me. I smiled with satisfaction, knowing I had made this man cheat on his wife. I had flashed my young pussy and I had control. He had forgotten about the condom and I don't know why that made it hotter for me. It just did. I smiled as I came for him, my pussy spasming and squirting all over the both of us. I wondered how much squirt juice was all over my car. I'd fucked so many times in it and this was just another time. I could see that he wasn't going to last much longer and I squeezed my pussy tightly around his cock and watched him respond by cumming deep inside of my pussy. I knew that it hadn't been his intention and he was already apologizing. 

"I'm so sorry I came inside of you. I can't believe it. That never happens to me." I tried not to let on that I had done it on purpose because I liked stranger cum up inside of me. Now I was done with him and I needed to get rid of him. 

"It's okay. Actually, it's getting late and I have melting ice cream in the trunk. I better be on my way. Thanks for the fun." 

"Can I get your number or something?" he asked as he got dressed. 

"No. I don't think so. This was just a one-time thing for me." I smiled sweetly. 

"But I could fuck you again if you want." 

"No, thanks. Go home to your wife. I'm not looking for a boyfriend. I was just horny and you caught me at a strange moment. I'm not normally like this," I lied. I didn't want anyone to know what I really was. I kept it hidden and he said his awkward goodbye and I began my drive home. How was I still horny? I almost wished I'd taken that guy's number when I spotted a guy walking down the street. He was pretty hot. I pulled over and rolled down the window. 

"Hey, need a ride?" I called. He gave me an intense look and then approached the car. 

"Yeah, I sure could use a ride from a sexy girl like you." 

"Get in," I unlocked the passenger side for him and he got in. 

"I'm horny," I told him. 

"Well, hello to you too. Do I look like a man hoe or something?" he asked, mostly joking. 

"You look like a cool drink of water on a hot day. Sorry, I'm not normally like this I just watched some porn earlier and I haven't been able to calm down since. I think I just need a good fuck and I'll be alright." 

"I'm sure I can help but only if you like big dicks." He pulled his cock out right then and there and sure enough, it was pretty big. I was ecstatic. I couldn't wait to ride that perfect cock. 

"I love your big dick. I wonder if it'll fit inside me." 

"Only one way to find out," he said and I knew it was on, just like it always was. The problem with being a slut is that I was addicted to sex. The problem with being young and beautiful is that I could always get dick whenever I wanted. It was too easy and my disease was growing by the day. I grew sluttier and sluttier all the time and though I tried to hide it I was always afraid of people finding out the truth about me and what I was. I didn't want to be a slut but I didn't have a choice. I didn't choose the slut life, the slut life chose me.