 Marilyn and Sue were out to lunch, something they did on occasion. They had been friends since Sue had moved to the town when both of them were about twelve. The two had been through a lot together, sport, classes, boys. They shared secrets, recipes, clothes and yes, even a boyfriend or two along the way in the thirty some years they had known each other.

They had laughed a lot over lunch, they usually did. Sometimes finishing each others sentences "Do you remember the time..." Marilyn started. Undoubtedly Sue did.

As they were finishing up and having one last glass of iced tea, Marilyn pulled a small bag from her purse. "Is this yours, Sue? I thought it looked like one you had". The bag held a bright scarf, neatly folded.

"Why, yes it is! Wherever did you find it? I have looked all over for it." Sue pulled it out, the reds really clashed with the lavender top she was wearing, but she didn't care. As she put it around her neck, she stopped. She remembered where she might have left it and looked back at Marilyn.

Marilyn's smile had gone and she looked at Sue. "I found it in the seat of Jim's car. The back seat. I have a good idea of how it got there. I suspected you and he were an item for a while, but that kind of filled in the blanks."

Sue blushed and offered "I can explain. Jim and I, well, yes, we have had a fling. Okay, more than that. But he said you had an open marriage, and besides, we mainly spent the time talking about you." She was starting to ramble. Shit. She had wanted to tell Marilyn, but it never seemed quite the right time.

Marilyn continued staring at Sue. Their eyes met and Marilyn couldn't contain herself any longer and burst out laughing. "I wish you could see your face. Priceless. I'm not happy, mind you Susan Elizabeth Corney, but I would rather lose a man than my best friend. I can train another fellow, but you know far too much about me to ever let you get out of my sight."

Sue felt a rush of relief replace the feeling of guilt, but felt compelled to offer some act of contrition. "I'll break it off right now, Marilyn. This very instant, just say the word."

Marilyn reached across the table and took Sue's hand and said "No need. If he makes you happy, it makes me happy. I think we can share a bit. In fact, I have a delicious idea. Something that just might spice things up a little for everyone involved. You know Jim has a birthday coming up. I think we can plan a present he won't soon forget."

Sue liked it when Marilyn got this way. As the old saying went, "Good friends will bail you out. Great ones help you bury the evidence." Sue had the feeling they were going to have to dig a pretty deep hole to bury some of the evidence from this caper. Luckily they both knew how to operate a backhoe.

Marilyn let go of Sues' hand and reached for the check. "I've got this one, but let's meet again on Thursday. I'll have some ideas to bounce off you then. Why don't we go to the Cadillac Grill. Over on Austin Avenue? Noon?" It was not really a question, but more a declaration of where and when.

Marilyn and Jim did have an open marriage. After twenty years of marriage, they were still friends, but found that as lovers, sometimes they needed a little assistance. Jim had probably been more 'open' than Marilyn, but she had had a couple of lovers. Nothing permanent, but fun in the moment. Knowing that he had been seeing Sue was interesting. Interesting on several levels. It piqued her curiosity; was he attracted to her because of their friendship? They were very similar in their appearance, both had 'curves', which was a nice way of saying that both enjoyed food at the cost of their figure. Did Sue do something that she didn't? Not jealous, just curious. Lunch was going to be fun, she thought. Fun for all.

Dinner with Jim was quieter than usual. Marilyn sensed that he had had a long day and was just a little tired. He picked at some of the shredded pork on his plate, chasing a shard around some. "So, you have lunch with your friend Sue today? Saw it on the calendar. Anything new and exciting with her?" He seemed genuinely interested. If he only knew. Well, he would. Eventually.

"No, not a lot, we just gabbed. A little gossip, some reminiscing. Mostly just laughed a bunch. You know how we get." Marilyn tried to glide over it.

"Good. Glad you had a good time. We should have her over sometime for a cookout. Maybe invite a few others. Weather is getting nice and staying warm. Not that up and down stuff we were having." Jim had caught most of the pork he had been chasing. 

"Yes, that is a good idea. I'll ask her when I see her again." Indeed she would, and that would be something for Thursday, Marilyn thought. "You seem tired. Long day? Too tired for a little 'dessert'?" Marilyn leaned forward and pressed her boobs up a little so they were practically spilling out of her shirt.

"I believe I could go for a little dessert. Might have to have you do most of the work, but I'll finish what's put in front of me, if you know what I mean."

Marilyn reached across and took his hand leading him to the bedroom. "The dishes can wait, I believe I do know what you mean, honey. And I am holding you to that."

Once upstairs they fell to the bed. The wrestling and maneuvering out of and under the clothes was half the fun of their spontaneous love making. Jim put her shoulders on the bed and kissed her hard and deeply. One arm around her back and the other went up her blouse to her breasts. Her blouse raised up and he massaged her chest through her bra and then raised it up and ran his hand across her milky white skin until he found the hardening nipple.

"Oooo - someone has cold hands!" Marilyn started. "I think I know just how to warm them up." She took her hands from around Jim's neck and while kissing him back, took his hand and lowered it to her waistband. "You'll find a nice warm pussy in there in need of that hand."

Jim took the hint and slid his hand inside, down to a tuft of hair tucked in the satin panties Marilyn enjoyed. "This the spot, Honey?" He playfully asked as her moved his fingers back and forth between her legs.

"Almost. Let me help a little." Marilyn raised up and shed her pants and panties. Laying back she spread her legs and gave Jim an open shot at her pussy. "All yours. What do you want to do with it?"

His mouth went to her neck and then over her raised blouse and now loosened bra to attend to her now erect nipples. His mouth went to each in turn as his hand went to between her legs and teased the wet lips that were revealed. He playfully pinched one, drawing it to the side and running his finger down the side and up the crease between. Finally he placed the heel of his hand on her hairy mound and let his finger enter her slightly. Rubbing back and forth while he licked and sucked noisily on her breasts.

He fingered her for several moments. She enjoyed his attention. Not too slow, never rushed and arousing enough to get her excited. Tonight he added more. "You know, I am still a little hungry." Jim whispered to Marilyn. "I think I have a taste for some of that sweet pie you have hidden away." 

"Oh Jim, just lick it" Marilyn thought. He sometimes liked to take things too far in trying to be cute. But if it got her off, he could be as cute as he wanted. "Oh yes, Hon. Help yourself to a big ol' slice."

Jim buried his head between her legs and began to lick. His mouth covered her pussy and his tongue flicked back and forth, in and out as his hands held her legs and lips apart. His hot breath on her moist lips felt so good. Marilyn raised her knees up and tilted her hips to give him full access and he did not disappoint. A hot wave started to roll over her. This just spurred Jim on. his fingers slid in and out as his tongue flicked on her clit. Another wave. And one more.

"Oh, Honey. I want you in there. You have enough left to fuck me?" Marilyn knew he liked a few dirty words from time to time, so she let him have a few. "Fuck me, would you? I'm going to roll over and let you do it doggy style to me. Gets you in there deeper."

JIm moved in behind her and slid his hard cock deep in her. "Yeah, babe, I got some left in the tank for you. Nice to watch it slide in there. Comes out so damn wet." He grabbed her hips and began to move in and out of her. It did feel good. She could feel herself close around him and take him in and then reluctantly let his cock slide out.

She felt Jim arch and drive into her. His cock began to jerk and she could feel hi explode inside of her. Nice hot cum. Filling her. As he pulled out she felt a bit leaking out. "My that was a nice big load. Been saving that for a while." Marilyn reached for the hand towel she kept in her nightstand and dabbed at the white stream coming down her leg. 

Jim lay back on the bed. Clothes were strewn everywhere, the covers in disarray. The bed looked like it had been put to proper use. "I'll be back in a minute, darling. Don't you go doing the dishes or making the bed or anything drastic." Marilyn was speaking more to herself as she heard Jim groan slightly as if he were already asleep. She checked. He was, but with a big smile.

Thursday arrived and Marilyn and Sue met for lunch and took a back table to discuss their plan. Of course there was a lot more to catch up on. Sales, current events and just plain conversation. After their lunch came (a couple of nice salads loaded with plenty of extras, Marilyn had some of the chicken salad on top and Sue had opted for the chunks of barbequed chicken the Austin Grill was known for), Marilyn called the 'meeting' to order.

"So, when was the last time you and Jim met for a little fun? And by 'fun', I mean sex." Marilyn was direct if nothing else.

"It was a couple of weeks ago. When I left the scarf. The devil wanted to get frisky in the backseat of the car, said the thrill of doing it outside made it better. I guess it must have, he barely got started before it was over." Sue took another sip of tea. "How about with you? I hope I haven't been cutting into your allocation of lovin'. We need all we can get, right?"

Marilyn chuckled a little. "No, no worries about that. We had a nice time after you and I had our last lunch, but I do know what you mean about it being over too soon. I did persuade him into a little 'tasting', he does have a talent there."

"Indeed he does." Sue added. "So what is on that devious mind of yours? You mentioned his birthday coming up and I detected maybe even a little more."

It was Marilyn's turn to take a sip of tea. "Well, I don't think it should be all about Jim. I think we should have a little fun, too. Then maybe something for his birthday. Here's my thought. How are you with the idea of being watched? I know I have always been curious about how Jim is with someone else, and he never gives any details. Says it isn't a contest, so he doesn't compare. But I still am curious."

Sue looked at Marilyn. "Are you saying you are wanting to watch us, me and Jim, while we, while we...have sex?" She felt her face flush a little. Not entirely because she was embarrassed, more she was caught a little off guard. She hadn't expected that idea. A threesome, yes, maybe a double date, but had not considered being watched. It did get her attention and interest.

"Well, definitely watching, but how about a sex tape? And you know you can trust me. I'm not going to send it out to anyone and I am certainly not looking to use it against you or Jim. I just think it might be exciting and more than a little fun. I know I am getting a little excited just considering the idea." Marilyn did have that devious smile.

Sue put her hand to her mouth as she considered the idea. More than the idea, she was thinking of the logistics. If nothing else, Sue was a planner and good with details. "Well, Jim and I are overdue for a little recreation. I could suggest my place. I can clear a nice spot in the closet which has a good view of the bed through those louvers. Yes, I think we can make that happen. Marilyn, you are a bad one! I guess that is why I love you so much. We think alike. Now, are you thinking what I am thinking?"

Marilyn smiled and looked across at Sue. "I am thinking we need some shopping therapy. Definitely some new 'play clothes' suitable for the sex tape." They both giggled as they finished up their lunch. Sue reached over and picked up this check. But the next one might be split down the middle.

Jim had called Sue the very next day which set the plan in motion. Sue suggested they meet at her house for a little "afternoon delight" on Saturday around 2pm. Jim thought he could "fit that into his schedule". A quick call to Marilyn and it was on. Sue arranged a few things in her closet, It should be fairly comfortable and the slats afforded a decent view of the bed without being obvious. Although she doubted Jim would be looking around the room. All that was left was to see if Marilyn wanted to use her phone or the little digital recorder she had. That might be better, a tripod could be set up leaving her hands free.

Marilyn arrived at Sue's house about 1 to get things set up. She parked around the block in a spot that wasn't visible and walked over. Sue showed her in and showed her the spot. "Oh, that will work well. I promise not to cheer or clap or make any noise at all. And what is your plan? You going to change before he gets here, or want to have a little strip tease as part of this tape?" Marilyn pulled out the hand held recorder and waved it around.

"Maybe another time." Sue offered. "I think I will change and greet Jim in a robe and my new outfit."

Sue had opted for a lacy black pair of shorts which were loose enough to allow access or come off easily and a matching black camisole top. The were hanging on the closet door with her robe.

Marilyn handed the hangers to Sue. "Why don't you go change and I will check out the accommodations. Oh, thank you for the chair!" She entered the closet as Sue went in to change.

Sue came out with a flair "So, what do you think? Am I suitable for screwing your husband? Am I the slut you always envisioned?" She had the robe open and turned around offering Marilyn a good view.

"Oh yes, you will do quite nicely. And I hope you will be 'done' nicely, too. We'll have it all on tape. Or whatever this thing uses." Marilyn offered. "Those shorts show off your buns nicely, dear. Jim has always appreciated a nice ass. You won't disappoint. " She also noticed the shorts barely covered in front as well. A bit of hair peeked out when Sue had turned. "I see you trim, but don't shave completely. I'm much the same. Too much fuss. Besides, my hair is like yours, pretty fine, so not a lot to worry about."

"So, you are checking me out?" Sue asked as she turned again showing her ass cheeks to Marilyn with a little wiggle. "I never knew you were that type."

A chuckle came from Marilyn. "Nice to know that even after all these years there are things you don't know about me, dear. I'll just leave that there. I'm going to go use your restroom and get settled in before Jim gets here. Think he will manage to be on time?"

"I imagine he will be here on time if not early. He does seem to be prompt when there is nookie on the line. And don't you think I am going to let you dodge that last comment Marilyn. But let's see how this afternoon goes. I just hope I don't look too awful in the video." 

Marilyn returned and settled into her seat and closed the door. "I guess this must be about like when the guys go duck hunting. I feel like I am in a blind waiting for the flock to come by."

Sue laughed. "Oh you are waiting for a flock, alright. Just no buckshot, okay?"

A few minutes later the 'flock' arrived. Marilyn was in her spot, the camera was in place and Sue ushered him into the bedroom. "That a new outfit, Sue? I don't recall seeing it before." Jim said as he took off his light jacket and moved toward Sue and held her.

"It is new, Jim, glad you noticed. Do you like it?" Sue coyly asked.

"I do. I might like it better when it is on the floor, but it does look good when it is filled properly." With that, Jim bent and kissed Sue. Sue had her arms around Jim's back and slid them down to his pants, grabbing a handful of his ass. What is good for the goose, must be good for the gander.

Marilyn watched the scene unfold from her vantage point. Sue had done her homework. She seemed to know where to stand to get a good shot for the camera. It surprised her a little when Sue undid Jim's pants and let them drop and then began to remove his shorts and going down to her knees before him. Marilyn wasn't the biggest fan of giving blowjobs, she could and would do it, but it wasn't her favorite act. From the look of it, it seemed like it was one of Sue's. And Jim's. Jim's penis popped to attention as his shorts dropped and Sue looked up at Jim as she held his erect cock. "I see I have your attention, should I kiss the little fellow? You like that, Jim?"

"You bet I do like that, Sue. I think a little of your special attention would be great." Jim put a hand on Sue's head and lightly pushed it closer. Sue took him in her mouth and moved her head back and forth. The view was perfect for the camera, it could see Jim's cock sliding in and out of her mouth. Glistening wet from the attention she was giving it. 

Marilyn was fascinated by her friend giving her husband a good sucking. Sue jiggled a bit with each bob of her head, holding Jim's hips and thrusting her head up and down on his hard dick. She found herself being glad the camera was hands free so she could take a couple of still pictures on her phone as well as moving her hand to her own slit as she became more excited watching the live sex show playing out before her. She would be careful to not get too excited until Jim left, but it felt good sliding a finger down to her hot cunt which felt nice and juicy even through her pants.

Sue stopped for a moment and held Jim in her hand, slowly stroking him. "How about we hop on the bed and you can put this nice hard cock where it really belongs. I really want you in me. And for a change, how about I hop on top?"

Jim removed the rest of his clothes and said "Sure, babe. We can do that. Where do you want me?"

Sue positioned him right in line with the camera shot. It was looking right up his legs as he lay across the bed. "That will do nicely, Hon. You just lay back and I'll get up here on top." Sue stepped out of her shorts and straddled Jim on the bed. 

Her ass was very white, the remnants of a tan line from a swimsuit that hadn't been worn in a while and Marilyn could see a glistening set of pink lips in between that were set to receive Jim's hardness. Sue reached down and guided Jim in. She rocked and his entire cock slipped deep inside her. The camera and Marilyn caught it all. Sue rotated her hips slowly and moved up and down on his cock. Jim was trying to thrust a little, but was obviously enjoying the workout Sue was giving his cock inside of her wet pussy.

Jim's legs stiffened and Marilyn thought she could literally see his toes curl and his balls begin to throb. He pushed into Sue lifting them both a little off the bed. "Oh, fuck yes!" Jim said aloud. His hands cupped Sue's ass and he thrust a couple more times and laid back. 

Sue slid him out and grabbed a washcloth laid out specifically for the purpose of catching a load of cum as it leaked from her. After dabbing herself, she gave Jim's deflating cock a little swipe and said "Don't go away, sugar, I'll be right back.

Jim lay on his back, hands behind his head, naked and facing the camera. In just a few moments his penis was back to it's flaccid state. He sat up as Marilyn pushed the camera button to stop the filming. Sue was coming out of the bathroom as Jim pushed off the bed, standing up on somewhat wobbly legs.
