 Bound within the soft embrace of the floating harness . . . you writhe and moan as your clit continues to shriek with pulsating pleasure. I pull my vibrating fingers out of your cunt, and the other finger out of your ass. 

I stand and walk to your face. Leaning down I slide my tongue into your mouth, and kiss you deeply. My tongue moves deep, stroking, sliding, and slipping up and down. You moan into my mouth, and kiss me passionately.

I withdraw my tongue, and you whimper . . . wanting, needing it. I whisper into your ear—"It's almost time." The soft, tiny hairs on the flesh of your earlobe stand on end, and a shiver runs from the base of your spine, through your body into your pussy, up through your chest, and spirals onto the crown of your head like liquid lightning.

Time for what . . . you wonder.

I whisper into your ear . . .

"The two pills we took are pure MDMA. They take about twenty minutes for the body to absorb. You are about to take a journey of sexual exploration that you cannot imagine. A simple kiss will feel like a thousand orgasms. The feeling of my breath blowing over your flesh will make you shudder. My tongue sliding over your nipple will make you cry out. Can you imagine the sheer sensuality of my hot hard cock head sliding in and out of your mouth when every nerve ending in your lips and tongue is exploding?" 

"On top of every nerve fiber in your body being elevated you will also feel an overwhelming sense of pure ecstasy. You will lose all sense of inhibited Self. This does not mean that you will not know who you are . . . rather you will not be afraid, you will only know the Truth that is now in this moment . . . that I am with you, and you with me." 

I stand up and go to a table on which many objects lie in wait. Before choosing, I turn on some music. The erotic rhythms of Enigma saturate the air again. I pick up a spray bottle, and walk back to sit on my stool next to your head. I begin to slowly stroke your head softly . . . waiting. 

As I stroke your hair I spray a fine mist of water mixed with vanilla and mint oils. The blindfold covering your eyes amplifying your sense of smell and with each intake of breath the aromatic mist calms you.

As my fingers slide through your glistening hair you begin to notice something different about how the sensation feels. As my fingers glide through your hair you shiver a little . . . and then I drag my fingers over your scalp . . . and your body feels phantom fingers ripple up and down its length. I spray your hair again, and this time every droplet lands on a nerve center, and in slow motion you feel the moisture cascade like a thousand rain drops down the shivering flesh of your body . . . 

I squeeze a spray over your face . . . and your body arches from the sheer agony of every millimeter of your face moaning.

I spray your breasts and your nipples become diamond red blossoms glistening with moisture.

I spray your stomach and the coolness sinks into your flesh and slides down into your pussy where it tongues you in ways you didn't know possible.

I go to the table and put the bottle down. You hear me move away and wonder what is next.

You hear me open a door. I take something out, and close it. 

I move the stool so that I can sit next to your breasts. In my hands a custom made ice cube tray with a dozen perfect spheres of frozen chocolate lie waiting. I pick one up, and say, "This might be a little cold . . ."

I place the small chocolate sphere in the opening of your belly-button. You writhe and moan from the sensation of iciness that radiates outward in every direction from the little chocolate ball. You begin to buck and bounce in the harness as you feel the chocolate melting . . .

Little rivulets of liquid slide along your flesh and dribble down the sides of your body. I lean forward and begin licking the melted chocolate off of your body—I moan loudly.

Your entire awareness focuses down to the single point in space and time where my hot wet tongue slides along the soft flesh of your body. Nothing else exists except for my tongue and the feeling of it moving each tiny little hair on the surface of your flesh as it simultaneously tongue fucks each tiny nerve ending in your body.

I move my mouth to your belly button, and savagely suck at the small pool of liquid chocolate. The slurping sound makes your pussy muscles spasm in jealousy of the hot mouth paying attention to another part of your body.

And then a thought occurs to you—I had moaned. You realize that I also took a pill, and the thought makes you moan.

"Give me your cock."

"No." 

"I need your cock! Fuck me with it now!"

"Not yet . . ."

I smile and take another frozen chocolate sphere from the tray and move to stand next to your head.

I hold the chocolate sphere just above your nose and the aroma slides into your mind. Your mouth gushes with saliva triggered by your desire to suck, taste, eat . . . anything. You lick your lips and moan—the feeling of your own tongue sliding over your lips makes you pant—you lick them again, and begin thrusting your tongue out searching for the chocolate desperately . . . 

I slip the chocolate frozen sphere into your mouth and your lips and tongue assault my fingers—saltiness and chocolate flavors fuck every taste bud on your tongue, and you furiously suck at my fingers, and moan as the chocolate melts like molten orgasmic lava down your tongue and into your throat . . . you pant and suck wildly on my fingers as you think about how it will feel for me to unleash a torrent of molten hot cum down your throat . . . 

I pick up three chocolate spheres and move to stand between your legs. I tell you to take a deep breath. Suddenly you feel my fingers spreading your lips open and moan, "NOooooooooo . . ."

I pop the three spheres into your pussy, and then put my palm over it to keep them from slipping out. You thrash and bounce and gyrate wildly as the sensations of the three frozen spheres inside you are unlike anything you've known before. The oozing ice chocolate balls melt and roll around inside your hot wet pussy. 

I drop to my knees and suck. I suck the chocolate balls back out of you with my burning hot wet mouth. I tongue fuck the opening as I taste your juice intermingled with the chocolate . . . and you cum—hard . . . 

End Part III