 By the middle '90s, my wife and I had been married for more than twenty years. We still got along well, but her libido had greatly diminished. 

I had taken a job which paid very well. However, it kept me on the road for weeks at a time. Though a few trips were by air, most of my travel was in my personal car. I had been on the road nearly two weeks when I met Sue. 

Shortly after dark on a Saturday night, I stopped for the night in central Illinois. As usual, I stayed at a motel that was part of a well known, nation-wide, chain. 

After getting settled in my room, I decided to go to the motel's restaurant for dinner. As I ate my dinner, I could hear music coming from the motel's lounge. 

After finishing dinner, I headed for the bar to have a drink and relax. A live band was attempting to play country music. I say attempting because, they were loud, but not very good. They frequently missed notes and got the lyrics to well know tunes messed up. 

I enjoy dancing. So, as I sipped my drink, I scanned the room for possible dance partners. My gaze settled on a young lady sitting about three tables away. She was a rather heavy girl who probably weighed in at about 225 pounds. I like the larger girls. They tend to have big tits, and I do like big tits. This one was no exception. She was wearing jeans and a loose fitting blouse. That blouse allowed just enough of a view of her ample cleavage to peak my interest. 

She was with a couple who seemed to be deeply engrossed with each other. They were paying little attention to their friend. The girl I was interested in seemed bored and unhappy. When we finally made eye contact, I smiled at her and she smiled back. When the band began playing their next number, a slow tune, I approached her, introduced myself, and asked her to dance. 

She looked up, and with a little surprise in her voice, said, "Me? You mean me?"

"Yes, you! Is there something wrong with asking you to dance?" I replied, as I held out my hand.

"Oh no! I'd love to dance." She said. With a broad grin spreading across her face, she nearly jumped to her feet, took my arm, and practically dragged me to the dance floor. As we took each other into our arms and began dancing, she told me her name was Susan, but everyone called her Sue. Sue then asked why I had wanted to dance with her, instead of one of the many other girls there.

Having found over the years that an honest answer is so much easier to remember, I told her, "You looked lonely, and I prefer big girls." 

"Why?" Sue asked.

I asked her, "Do you want an honest answer?" 

When she said she did, I gave it to her straight. "Big girls have big boobs." 

Sue thought about that for a second, smiled, pulled me closer. Crushing her tits into my chest, she asked, "Do you think these are big enough?" 

"I think they're great." I replied, and returned her tight hug.

When our dance was ended, I invited Sue to join me at my table. She accepted, picked up her drink, and told her friends she was joining me. They didn't seem to notice, let alone care. 

For the next couple of hours, Sue and I danced the slow dances. We talked at our table when the band played the fast tunes. Neither of us cared for the fast stuff. 

She told me she was twenty-seven-years old and single. Her long-term boyfriend had gotten into drugs a couple of years ago. For the past year, or so, he had been both physically and verbally abusive. She had finally gotten her fill of his abuse, and had thrown him out a few weeks back. 

After several unsuccessful attempts, her friends had finally convinced her to go out with them for an evening of dancing. She was out for the first time since her boyfriend's exit. 

By the time the band was about finished for the night, Sue and I had made each other quite horny. We had been discreetly copping feels of each other as we danced. I had been squeezing and rubbing her ample ass and tits. Sue had been firmly grinding her crotch into mine, and occasionally let a hand slide down to rub my hardening cock.

When the last dance ended, we kissed firmly, and I asked, "Would you like to come back to my room for a while? I'll be happy to take you home later."

Sue, holding me tightly, said, "I'll go with you, but please go slow. I haven't been intimate with anyone in almost a year. I have my own car, so it won't be necessary to take me home."

We headed for my room arm in arm.

When we entered the room, I turned the radio on and tuned it to some soft music with the volume low. Wrapping both my arms around her waist, I pulled her tightly to me, and we kissed passionately. Sue put her arms around my shoulders, and we resumed dancing. As we danced, I kissed and nibbled my way from her ears, to her neck, to the cleavage between her abundant tits. I reached into the back of her pants, squeezed both cheeks, and pulled her hips to me. 

Sue was again constantly grinding her crotch against my erect cock. 

Licking and sucking between her ample tits, I began unbuttoning her blouse. 

Sue said, "Wait a minute!" and pulled away. 

I was thinking she had changed her mind about being in my room. Instead, with a mile, she gently pushed me back onto the bed, and proceeded to turn off all the lights in the room.

When I asked, she reluctantly agreed to leave the bathroom vanity lights on as she returned. 

I had stripped to my underwear by the time she returned from the bathroom. Sue had removed her blouse and pants. Leaving on a pair light blue panties and matching front closing bra, she joined me on the bed. Her smile grew wider when I told her I thought she had a beautiful body, and she should not try to hide it in the dark. 

Cradling her in my right arm, I resumed kissing, licking, and sucking Sue's neck and tits. I quickly released the clasp of her bra and set those large puppies free. To say they were more than a hand and mouth full would be a serious understatement. I was also impressed by their firmness. In spite of their size, Sue's tits stood well out from her chest, even when she was lying on her back.

Her nipples had begun to harden, and, by gently licking and sucking on them, I quickly had them standing at attention. Sue's nipples were small for the size of her tits. Even when erect, they were only a little larger than a pencil eraser. I firmly sucked her left nipple into my mouth and gently nipped it. Sue gasp, arched her back, and pushed her tit to my eager mouth. Attention to both of Sue's tits soon had her moaning and writhing on the bed. Her tits turned out to be one of her more sensitive areas.

As I continued to administer attention to Sue's tits, I slowly slid my left hand down her belly toward her full bush. When I reached the top of her panties, she spread her legs wide giving me easy access to her pussy. My fingers began making long slow strokes up and down her outer lips through her panties. She responded by lifting her ass off the bed. She rocked her pelvis and thrust her pussy up to my hand. 

By that time, her panties had become soaking wet with her lubricating pussy juices. When I slid my thumb under the left side of her panty's waistband, Sue lifted her ass and pushed down on the right. Sue's panties quickly disappeared over the foot of the bed. I then had unobstructed access to her dripping pussy. 

I resumed stroking Sue's slit, being careful to come very close to, but not touch, her clit. In short order, Sue was rhythmically thrusting her hips into the air chasing my hand. 

I continued to firmly suck her nipples. When she seemed to be in a frenzy, nearing an orgasm, I plunged two fingers deep into her hot, wet, hole. Using my thumb, I gently caressed her clit. 

Sue threw her head back, arched her back, grabbed my invading hand with both of her hands, and held my fingers tightly in her pussy. "Oooooh, I'm cuming!" she gasped. 

Sue's pussy was surprisingly tight. It was almost as tight as a recently deflowered virgin. Then, I got another surprise. 

As Sue held my fingers deep inside hungry hole, her pussy muscles began strong, rhythmic, contractions around my fingers. The contractions continued for nearly a minute, until her orgasm subsided.

Now, I know many have heard of this phenomenon. Most haven't believed it. There's even a comedian who, at one time, made jokes about it. But, it's true. I found one. Sue had a snapping pussy. 

As Sue began to relax, I withdrew my fingers from her pussy and started to roll onto her. I was eager to get my cock into that snapper. 

Sue hugged me, and ask me to wait a minute. She then pushed me onto my back. Without a moments delay, she slid down and took my cock deep into her mouth and partly down her throat. She proceeded to give me one hell of a blow-job. She rapidly bobbed up and down on my cock taking me deep into her throat with every stroke. She sucked like she was starving for cum. I've never had a girl suck so hard. Sue was not only blessed with a snapping pussy, but, she could suck the proverbial golf ball through a garden hose. In no time, she had me shooting my load deep into her throat. She kept up the hard sucking even after she had gotten the last of my load. Sue wanted every drop of my cum, and she intended to get it. She sucked my cock until it had gone completely soft.

For the next twenty minutes, or so, we cuddled and talked. Sue said she had little control over her vaginal contractions. She said she had them almost every time she became highly aroused. 

I continued to slowly finger Sue's pussy and nibbled her tits. Her nipples stayed fully aroused, and nipping them brought moans of pleasure from Sue. Her pussy gave an occasional contraction around my fingers. 

At the same time, Sue was gently stroking my cock and balls. When my cock began showing signs of life again, Sue brought me to full strength with more of her powerful sucking. 

When my cock had regained its full vitality, I gently rolled onto Sue. I fully enter her snapper with one smooth thrust. Her pussy was still very tight. Slowly at first, I began stroking in and out of her. It took a bit of time, but as my second orgasm approached, I increased the speed and force of my strokes. 

When I told her I was about to cum, Sue said she was getting close too. She raised her legs, and wrapped them around my waist. She used those legs to pull me deep into her hungry pussy, and she gasped, "Give it to me!" 

As Sue's legs pulled me into her pussy, I slammed into her as hard and deep as I could, and began dumping my second load of cum. Breathlessly, I told her, "I'm cuming, baby!" 

As I held my cock deep in Sue's tight pussy, her vaginal muscles again began contracting and releasing rapidly. Rhythmically and powerfully her pussy squeezed my cock. For nearly a minute that snapper milked my cock. Sue's cunt seemed to have a mind of its own. Like her blow-job, Sue's pussy seemed to be sucking every drop of cum from my balls. That talented and hungry pussy continued clamping down on my cock until I began to loose my erection. 

As I rolled off Sue, I was soaked with sweat. So was she. I said to Sue, "Wow! That was fantastic. I have never felt anything like that." 

"I don't usually do that more than once a night. I guess a little gentleness goes a long way." Sue said, as her breathing slowly returned to normal.

After cuddling for a short time, Sue said she had to get up early Sunday morning to go to work. She dressed, kissed me goodbye, and walked out the door. 

Though not due to a lack of trying, I was never able to find Sue again. I only have my memories of her. The memory of a sweet young girl with a great set of tits, and a snapping pussy, will be with me forever.