 It was snowing harder and I was lost in a strange neighborhood. Great. I continued to weave my way around, trying to find a familiar landmark without success. I tried to take a left turn onto a side street, but my car slid into a snowbank, and I was stuck.

This night was going to be just great, I thought to myself......what next? I got out of the car, and tried to dislodge it from the snow, but it was hopeless....I'd have to call for a tow truck to get it out. I zipped up my coat, grabbed my gloves, and set off to the nearest house with lights on. I walked up the steps and knocked, feeling rather embarrassed by my predicament.

The door opened, and an attractive, red-haired woman of about 30 answered the door. At first, I just stared at her; she probably thought I was some kind of nut case out wandering around in a snowstorm. I told her what happened, and asked if I could use her phone. She smiled at me and laughed a little bit, and invited me inside. It was nice and cozy in there....I could see many candles lit everywhere, and a very pleasant aroma filled the air. I looked at her again, and I noticed her bright blue eyes. I looked her up and down quickly, and became self conscious when she caught me. The last thing I needed was to have her toss me out because she thought I was a pervert, or something!

She pointed over to the phone, and I started for it but accidentally brushed by her on my way.......even in that brief moment, I felt a jolt of electricity travel throughout my body. I looked back at her and apologized, but she just smiled at me and closed the door.

I made my phone call, and was told it would be quite a while before anyone would be able to come out and get me, the storm was worsening by the minute. I thanked them and hung up. She asked me when they were coming, and I told her. I began to zip up my coat and thank her, but she told me I could stay there and wait.

I didn't know if it was such a hot idea; I was really becoming physically attracted to her. I loved her long, auburn hair, her blue eyes, and I could tell that she was well endowed. It was her smile that got to me though.

That smile was the reason that I stayed. I knew this was crazy, but I really wanted to spend time with this gal. And the storm gave me a perfect opportunity.

I told her thanks, and took off my coat. She brought me out into the living room and we sat on opposite ends of the couch. We talked and laughed quite a bit, and all the while, I just couldn't tear my eyes off of her. I looked in her eyes, at her mouth as she talked, her chest, her legs......I was really becoming aroused. She seemed so inviting, and I wanted to touch her .

She got up abruptly and strolled into the kitchen, temporarily breaking the mood. It was so warm and wonderful here, all the candles casting their frolicking shadows on the walls, the sweet aroma that still hung in the air, and the soft jazz that was playing in the background, I didn't want to even think about leaving. I looked at my watch and saw with shock that it had already been two hours! The phone rang, and a moment later, she came back carrying a bottle of wine and two glasses. She told me that the tow truck called, and they wouldn't be able to get to my car for quite a while. She laughed again and sat down, only this time, she sat next to me. I poured the wine, and we toasted the weather. 

Things were getting more interesting. As we drank the wine and talked, she would touch my arm every now and then, and lean close in to me. I did the same back to her, and i noticed we were both looking into each other's eyes more and more. This was driving me crazy! I was becoming hard in my pants, and the urge to kiss her was getting stronger and stronger.........I could feel sweat break out on my forehead, and my hands began to tremble a little.

I refilled our glasses, and set the now-empty bottle down. I took another sip and decided to go for it. She was looking out the window, talking about the storm. I waited until she turned her head back towards me, then I leaned over and lightly brushed her lips with mine. I didn't know what to expect a slap in the face, a demand to leave....what I got instead was one of the most memorable kisses I have ever had. 

Our lips touched again, and our mouths slowly parted, allowing our tongues to caress each other, to probe, to gently suck.........I was breathing very hard now, my body filling with incredible passion...I pulled her closer to me, and put my right hand on her cheek. We kept kissing, both our passions growing by the second......I began to caress her breast with my other hand, and she leaned back, pulling me on top of her. We broke the kiss just long enough to look into each other's eyes once again. She looked so beautiful. It was that smile.....It lights up her whole face. I wanted to make love to her now, but this was too good to rush through. I smiled as i mounted her and we resumed our kissing. Our tongues played in each others mouths while my hands played over her chest. I pulled up her sweater and undid her bra, freeing her large, sweet breasts. I moved my head down to her neck, and began to gently kiss her there. She moaned softly, and I started to nibble and suck....she tilted her head to the side so I could continue sucking more easily. We both were breathing hard and sweating........

I finally moved down to her naked breasts.....I immediately devoured the right one while my left hand teased and tweaked the nipple on the other one. I continued to suck and nibble and to caress....I was so hard right now.......she spread her legs apart so I could rub my crotch against hers......we ground our hips together with increasing force and motion. 

I stopped sucking on her breast, and moved off of her so I could take off her pants. She helped with a dreamy smile on her face..........We got them off, and I laid back down next to her right side, and resumed my sucking.......I slid my hand down her tummy to the point where her panties started, and slipped my fingers underneath. I slowly eased my hand down through her pubic hair, and I could feel how damp her panties were the closer I got to her pussy. She began to moan softly and gyrate her hips against the pressure of my hand, now so close to her vagina.

I moved back up to her sweet mouth, and we resumed kissing with and incredible urgency...I slid my fingers to the mouth of her pussy, and gently began to stroke her clit......I wanted to probe deep inside her pussy, but not yet.......I began to rub up against her leg with my now-throbbing cock........I wanted her in the worst way; I wanted to slide my cock deep inside her........I undid my own pants and worked them off somewhat awkwardly......Now I could feel her soft skin against the soft skin of my cock.......

I could tell that she wanted me to enter her......she put her hand on top of the one I was using to rub her clit, and tried to push it down and in......I moved my hand and got up on my knees.......I moved over to be in between her sexy legs, and began to kiss her tummy.

I stole a look at her as my lips and tongue danced across her abdomen, and she was smiling with an impatient look......I could tell that she wanted more. I scooted down farther, and began to kiss her pussy...she moaned again, and this time, I went right for it...I stuck my tongue deep inside her pussy, and moved it in and out quickly...I continued to rub her clit at the same time and her moaning got louder.....I began to lick and tickle her clit with my tongue, and I slipped my finger up inside her, slowly and gently swirling it around. I could tell that she was nice and tight, and the thought of putting my rock-hard cock up inside that sweet, tight pussy drove me crazy...I had to fuck her. I wanted so bad to fuck her. But I wanted her to cum first.

I sucked gently and rubbed her clit, slowly sliding my finger in and out....She was ready.......at once, her back arched, her legs tensed and closed on my head, and her hands held my head firmly in place as I could feel the waves of her orgasm pulsate against my tongue and finger......

Spent, she relaxed her hold on my head, and I slowly slid up her body. I positioned my cock and slid it up her still-dripping pussy slowly......she shuddered and gasped; I did too.....it felt so wonderful.......I could feel every contour of her vagina...the way it held and caressed my cock as it slid in and out......I knew I wasn't going to last long, and I was right....within a few minutes, my own back tensed as I pumped what must have been an unbelievable amount of sperm into her beautiful tight cunt...that was without a doubt the best sex I ever had.........We looked into each other's eyes and kissed once again, with broad smiles on both of our faces......the best part of it was that we still had the rest of the night to improve our technique.......