 She pulled tentatively at the rope securing her left wrist and began to wonder what she'd gotten herself into. It had seemed so thrilling when he first led her into the room. Now, as she waited (for what?) the thrill was tinged with apprehension. She tried wiggling a foot, but that wasn't going anywhere either.

It seemed like ages since he had brought her in here. It was a small room with little furniture in it. In the center of the room sat a sofa; a heavy thing, overstuffed but solid. At the moment, it was the center of her universe. He had undressed her so carefully, unbuttoning her blouse and sliding it slowly down her arms, fingers trailing behind the thin silk against her bare skin. When he unbuttoned her pants they fell to the floor and she stepped out of them. His hands reached around her waist, sliding up her spine, making her shiver. And soon a lacy white bra was added to the pile of clothes on the floor. Her thin white panties were still on.

He had guided her to stand facing the back of the sofa and firmly pushed her forward over the back of it, holding her there with a strong hand on the small of her back. The rest had happened swiftly. He thrust a knee between her legs to spread them wide and tied her ankles to the back legs of the sofa with thick soft ropes. Then her wrists were pulled down and tied to the sofa's front legs. A blindfold completed her confinement. And now she waited, ass high and open beneath the stretched fabric of her panties. She could feel the blood rushing to her breasts as they hung over the seat cushions, nipples throbbing. 

At last she felt him approach, felt the heat of his body as he moved quietly around her. And then finally, a touch, as the palms of his hands grazed the swollen tips of her breasts. The hands cupped and held them, then the fingers slid down to the sensitive nipples and pinched them lightly, pulling on them and manipulating them with an unhurried patience. Her pussy twitched and moistened in response. In her mind she was already twisting and writhing but she couldn't move at all. The hands never stopped, but she felt something touch her lips. Reaching out with her tongue to explore, she encountered the swollen head of his cock and licked at the precum that was already forming at the little slit. He eased his cock into her mouth and she eagerly sucked him in. His hands continued stroking, squeezing, pinching her nipples and she thought she might climax from that alone and moaned around his throbbing shaft. She could feel him growing harder in her mouth, the sounds of his ragged, excited breathing and the wet suction of her lips adding to the moist heat building under her white panties. She could sense that he was dangerously close to his own climax. But he pulled out of her mouth with a groan before that could happen and stepped away, leaving her suddenly alone and waiting again, this time trembling and aching with unsatisfied desire. 

Soon she sensed he was near again and felt a hand on her breast again. She gasped as she felt a clamp close over the tender flesh of a nipple. The other nipple followed. They weren't overly tight, but they were weighted so that they tugged and swayed with her slightest movement – a constant reminder of her helpless position. He ran his hands over the soft skin of her breasts and up the length of her throat, tracing the line of her jaw, caressing her cheek, her hair. She leaned into his hand, turning her face to suck on his fingers. He moved away again.

The next contact was the shock of a hand on her inner thigh, just above the knee. Her pussy clenched and she could feel how wet she was as her swollen lips moved against the thin fabric. The hand slid slowly up her thigh, followed by his hot tongue. His breath on her skin made her tremble and pant with anticipation but the hand and the tongue skipped over her aching pussy and continued down the other thigh. Soon both hands were traveling up her outer thighs to her hips and across her ass. And at long last, a finger lightly ran down the center, a single stroke through her panties from ass to clit. She gasped and stiffened at the electricity of that touch. Then she waited once more, quivering.

Suddenly, she felt his hand grasp the edge of her panties at the hip. There was a brief touch of cold metal and the sound of snip. He'd cut them apart and slowly peeled away the thin fabric, letting the ruined garment slide down the other leg, exposing her completely. She pulled at the ropes binding her wrists and ankles, desperate to move, but they held fast. She had never in her life felt so naked and vulnerable.

A finger traced the wetness of one of her labia from back to front and then to back again along the other side. Her pussy clenched so hard it ached. The finger continued it's patient exploration of the folds and swellings of her sex. She desperately wanted the finger to slip inside and ease the ache there, but he was in no hurry. More fingers joined the first, spreading her lips, uncovering the pink bud of her clit and she groaned aloud his tongue ran the length of her slit. And then there was no escaping the steady, relentless flicking of his tongue across her quivering clit. On and on it went as she strained at the ropes, shook, sweated, moaned and finally came, screaming again and again, unable to stop the overwhelming shocks racing through her body. 

Then, before she could recover, before the wrenching convulsions of her climax could begin to subside, his cock was at her entrance, thrusting into her shuddering pussy. Her screams rose to a new level as he slid in and out in long steady strokes. The pressure of his hard cock sawing against her g-spot drove her beyond rational thought. She was afraid she'd lose consciousness as wave after wave of orgasm swept her away on a sea of overwhelming sensation. 

His hands were gripping her ass, spreading it wide to gain the deepest access to her soaking, clenching pussy. She could feel his excitement rising, his cock getting harder and swelling, his movements more impassioned, his breath ragged and she felt a new pressure rising inside herself at the same time, pushing back against his violent thrusts, building to a shattering explosion. He moved one hand to slick it with her juices and just before he came, he slid a wet finger into the tight star of her asshole. The dam broke. She shook uncontrollably as the hot fluid of her final climax mingled with the hot jets of his climax and rained down their legs. 

When he had emptied himself completely inside her he laid his body gently over her sweaty back, brushed the wet hair aside and kissed her neck tenderly. They lay together, still joined, bodies still twitching and shuddering as they slowly calmed. Then he untied her bonds and gathered her in his arms. They slept cuddled together on the sofa until dawn when she woke with thoughts of thick soft ropes binding his wrists and ankles.