 We are on the loveseat in my living room, naked. You are on top of me and our skin is deliciously slick. Our bodies rub together effortlessly. The smooth tempo of our thrusting matches that of our quickened heartbeats. I'm sucking on your lower lip when there is a knock on the door. You lean back and smile devilishly before getting up and answering it. I think there is a game you are playing on me until you open the door and I see the shocked look on the woman's face. She has a clipboard in one hand and it immediately clanks on the concrete stoop.

"I'm sorry," she stammers. "I've caught you at a bad time."

"This is the perfect time," you say. "Won't you come in."

"I should be going."

She has an olive complexion with jet black hair and deep brown eyes. I can see from my seat that her nipples have grown considerably and one look confirms that you are seeing the same reaction. There are several breathless moments. She has not moved a muscle since you opened the door and then you reach out and put your hand in hers. She doesn't resist as you walk her into the house and seat her beside me. She says nothing as we slip off her blouse and unbuckle her lacy bra. We are comfortably snug on the loveseat with her sandwiched between us.

As I expected her nipples are dark and long and aching to be touched. We each take one in our mouth and are greeted with a guttural moan. It seems that she had been saving that moan up for an eternity. We smile at each other around our nipples and touch hands on her taught stomach.

You make the next move sliding your hand inside the loose waistband of her jeans. This time our guest gives us a whimper and I can hear your fingers smacking in her underwear. I'm reminded of our lovemaking just minutes ago and it seems my skin will pop if I get any harder. A warm hand wraps my penis and slowly begins to stroke. It's our guest and I see she has found your pussy as well with her fingers.

I reach down to find your hand and the object of its desire only to see that you have managed to unbutton and unzip her pants. I figure the extra room will come in handy but as my fingers slide in, yours slide out and leave my hand to its

own business. You give me that devilish look again and then proceed to feed me your glistening fingers one by one. They taste wonderful. If possible, my dick grows even harder in our guest's hand.

I check to see that she is with us and find she has closed her eyes and is breathing in deeply and slowly. I match her breathing with my fingers. First one and then two. You help me by pulling her jeans and undies down and she lifts her ass without missing a beat. As I gaze down upon you pulling the pantlegs over her feet, exposing her body to us fully, I realize what I must have already known, she is ours to do with what we will.

I manage to insert three fingers but you are there between her legs, eager. I won't deny you but wish to give you a taste first and, thus, feed you my fingers as you had fed me yours. You suck them hungrily and go to work on our guest. Your enthusiasm grows with each moan she bestows upon us. She continues to fondle me but finds your head with her free hand and pulls you roughly to her. I lean back, my head next to our guest's and watch the show with her. It isn't long before her mouth has found my ear, her teeth nibbling on the lobe. I feel luckier than Holyfield against Tyson because when she comes I fear that she will take a chunk of my ear with her.

The orgasm loosens our guest up a bit. She swings her leg over your head and my hips so that she is siting on my lap. My mouth finds her nipples again and she begins rubbing her pussy lips up and down my shaft. "Ever done the camel toe slide?" she asks. 

Her voice is husky with desire. I smile. "Yes, I have and I love it."

For one delicious minute she grips my shoulders and grinds her pelvis against mine; my cock ensconced in her swollen labia. Using only her hips she then mounts me and takes me as deep as I can go. She holds me there and squeezes me with her pussy. I feel your tongue bathing my balls and when it goes away I know instinctively where it has gone. My dirty little girl has buried it in our guest's ass. As if on cue she confirms this with a wild buck that pops her nipple from my mouth

She takes the opportunity to lean forward and kiss me deeply. Her lips are soft, her tongue forgiving. She is good. I know that kissing me was only part of the game, though. By leaning forward she'd lifted her ass and better exposed it to you. I peek over her shoulder to see your head doing circles behind the beautiful roundness of her behind.

Slowly, our guest picks up the pace until she is bouncing so hard upon me that the feet of the loveseat are jumping on the hardwood floor. And just as it had started it ends, with a guttural moan. When she catches her breath our guest leans back with a smile and offers her hand.

"Mark," you say. "I'd like you to meet my friend Sherri."

My grin is seen from miles around because I know the night has just begun.