 We were finally alone at his place after coming back from an out-of-town gig. I stood leaning against the wall, my hands in my pockets, one foot on the wall, as I watched Kris. He was dressed in leather pants and a black T-shirt, his long layered wavy blonde hair disheveled. An ashtray sat nearby, the smoke from a cigarette permeating the air. He was hooked up to this huge amp and was sitting on a chair, playing his guitar, his gorgeous hair hanging in his face. I loved watching him. 

To me a guitar was such a phallic symbol, such a manly thing, and he played his like he was stroking his dick. I loved to watch the expressions on his face as he got into his music. He looked up and gazed at me. I grinned at him and my breath caught in my throat as he brushed his fingers through his hair and returned the smile. As he continued to play, he would often look right at me, as if he was performing just for me. It made me more and more excited and I began to feel the wetness seep into my panties. I started to play a little game with him. 

Whenever he would look at me, I would tease him, giving him sexy little glances or licking my lips or fingers suggestively. I then got really naughty and simulated masturbating myself. I stood there and spread my legs out and leaned my head back as I ran my hands over my tits and my pussy, moaning. He stared at me, his huge erection growing in his leather pants, hiding behind his guitar. Slowly he stood up, put down his guitar and came over to me.

"What do you think you're doing to me? You're making it awfully hard for me to play." He quietly asked me, his bright eyes full of desire.

"What? You don't like it?" I asked him, my eyes darting to his crotch, letting him know that I was fully aware of what my actions were doing to him. I didn't think I could look up into his eyes; I would probably have had to jump his bones right then and there.

"C'mere," he replied, pulling me by the waist towards him. Before I knew what was happening, he picked me up and swung me around. He sat me right on the edge of the amp and positioned me so that I was slightly bent backwards. He held me with both of his hands behind my back and used his crotch to brace me.

He began kissing me with fervor, sending a rush of arousal through me, my body quivering in his arms. I moaned as his tongue found mine. His gold neck chains hung loose from around his neck, dangling against my throat, his long hair hanging in my face. His strong hands gripped me harder as his kisses became more forceful, his hungry lips kissing me so hard I could scarcely breath. My mind whirled with the sensations his kisses were giving me. I wrapped my arms around his back, pulling him closer to me as his cock, rigid and long, pressed against my pubic area. My hand reached out to feel his hardness through his pants, causing him to moan in my mouth. He trailed his lips up and down my neck, nipping at my flushed skin. I was so hot and horny and my pussy was dripping nonstop. If he was going to fuck me, I knew he would have no problem slipping inside me. I almost had an orgasm just thinking about having his huge rod inside me; it was nearly driving me over the edge. 

Suddenly, he lifted my shirt up. A draft of cool air blew over my skin; the goosebumps traveled over my body. Seeing that I had a front-hook bra on, he bent down and, to my surprise, unsnapped it with his tongue and teeth. Kris nipped at my already erect nipples, making me cry out. My body was on fire, hot blood coursing through my veins to my pussy. I reached out to tug his T-shirt up. My small hands moved up his stomach to his chest, my fingers grazing his smoothness. He let out a moan as my fingers tweaked at his nipples.

He reached down and undid my jeans, pulling them down my legs. I kicked off my shoes so that he could easily slip my pants off. Now I was in front of him with just a pair of panties on. He reached his hand inside to seek out my wetness. His fingers curled through my patch of pubic hair and then down to my womanhood as I groaned.

"Mmm, you're so wet," he remarked. "Why are you so wet?" He grinned slyly.

I couldn't say anything; the feeling of his fingers teasing my hole and massaging my hard little clit was so overwhelming. All I could do was close my eyes and concentrate on what he was doing to my body.

"Look at me..." He insisted. I loved it when he was in total control. "I want to see your eyes."

I did as he asked, opening my eyes and gazing into his. 

Again he asked, "Now tell me, why are you so wet?"

His finger then moved inside of me, finding my G-spot. He rubbed there and then moved his finger in and out slowly. Looking into his eyes I tried to answer him. "Because... You're... ohhhhhhh..."

"That's it, baby..."

He thrusted his finger in and out a little faster as an orgasm overtook my body, sending waves of pleasure through me. He kissed my lips and face gently until I was able to recover a little. Kris then pulled my panties off. Now I was completely naked in front of his watchful eyes.

I slowly undid the zipper of his leather pants, getting ready to free his cock from the restraint of them. I gulped hard as I pulled his pants down over his hips, letting his cock free. He wasn't wearing anything underneath. My mouth and my pussy watered; I was completely enamored with his penis. I wanted that long thing inside me, filling all my holes. I held the veiny shaft in my hand and bent down to take it in my mouth as he sucked in a breath and moaned. My tongue licked around his head before I covered it and his shaft with my hot wet mouth, taking him as deeply as I could. His fingers stroked through my strawberry-blonde hair as I serviced him orally, cupping his balls.

After a minute he spoke up. "Mmm... I want to fuck you. But first..."

Before he got into position, he crouched down and spread my pussy lips apart to lick at my swollen little clit. Over and over he teasingly flicked his expert tongue over my hard nub. I shrieked and came again, but this time he did not wait for me to recover. He was horny and ready and so was I. 

Kris again pinned me down on the amp and kissed my mouth ferociously as he pushed his dick up inside my aching womanhood. In the process, he accidentally kicked the cord to the amp just enough so that it loosened a little, causing a loud vibrating hum to come from the amp. I moaned loudly as I felt his manhood fill me, spreading me so far apart. The orgasmic vibrations of the amp rattled through my body, seeming to concentrate at the very core of my womanhood. Instantly, I screamed out and came, my body throbbing and pulsating. He pounded his hips harder and harder, his big cock sliding against my walls. 

"Oh... God..." I groaned.

"Mmm, you like it? Do you like it when I fuck you?" He asked under his breath as he panted and pumped away.

"Oh... yes... you feel so good..." I managed to groan. The vibrations from the amp continued to race through my body. I threw my arms around his neck, pulling myself closer to him while his hands held me against the amp. I ran my fingers through his hair as I nibbled at his neck and his earlobe. I was tingling all the way down to my toes as he moved fast and hard inside me, both of us groaning and breathing heavily, a thin layer of sweat beginning to cover his lean body. My fingernails raked down his back. He began to tease me, pulling out until just the head was in and giving small thrusts with just the tip, making my loins ache. I whimpered, begging him to fill me completely. 

He then shoved his whole length inside me, fucking me with more fervor as I tightened my pussy around him, causing him to moan loudly. His thrusts drove me to the edge and brought me to heights of pleasure and ecstasy that I'd never experienced before. I succumbed to another orgasm and clenched at him. Kris's head spun as he fought to control himself, so intense was the pleasure coursing through his body. My tight passage closed around him like a hot, wet glove, gripping him strongly. He moaned loudly and gave a few really hard thrusts as he lurched forward, shooting his load deep inside me. He kissed me softly as he pulled out.

I was deliciously sore as Kris kneeled in front of me and tongued my pussy, licking out his hot love juice. He stood up again and held my head with his hands, kissing me deeply. I sucked at his tongue as if it was his dick, sucking up the mixture of our sex juices. It was kinky, but exciting. I wanted him again; I couldn't get enough of him. We kept kissing each other, until he picked me up and carried me into his bedroom. But that is another story!