 Ring, Jeff's cell phone was going off, it always seemed to be going off, "Hello" said Jeff. "Hey its Sarah" said the voice on the other end. "Hey what's going on? How did you get my number?" Jeff was trying to act cool but all along he was thinking of how Sarah looked naked. "I'm bored as hell J and was wondering if maybe you wanted to come over or something." Thinking to himself how could I turn that down? "Sure, I'm not doing anything anyways". Still trying to act cool." good well you know how to get here."

"I sure do I'll see you in a few."

With that Jeff went to his jeep and jumped in, driving over to Sarah's house at a pretty good pace. The whole time thinking about the opportunity that could come up, he dreamed about it all the way there. He even started to get a hard on. Then what brought him back down is that he didn't think the chance would come up. "Probably be just a boring ass night watching TV. Or something" 

As Jeff was on his way to Sarah's house, Sarah decided she should take a quick shower. Sarah had always had a thing for Jeff and although he had at one time slept with her best friend it never stopped Sarah from fantasizing about him. Sarah walked into the bathroom and started running the hot water, as it warmed up and the mirrors started to fog, Sarah thought to herself that Jeff is probably a good half an hour a way. As she thought this she first pulled her shirt off and then unsnapped her bra, letting her tender 32 c tits be exposed. (To no one but herself of course) Then Sarah slid down her jeans she had to bend over a little to take them off as they were a little tight, when they reached the floor she slid her fingers along the elastic band of her panties and slowly pulled them down exposing her light pink, completely shaved pussy, she ran her fingers across over a clit for a minute until she was completely turned on, then she leaned back on the counter and slid two fingers barely inside her wet hole, She continued to tease herself for about five minutes in which time she would tease then she would slide her fingers in all the way, the whole time thinking of what Jeff's cock really felt like. 

Sarah finally stepped into the shower her pussy still dripping with anticipation for Jeff, and she began to wash her body starting around her neck she slowly and methodically massaged the soap all over from her shoulders up, then she slid down to her tits and she got them covered with soap then she massaged the soap in with her hands. When she finished that she took her hands still covered in soap and ran them up and down her body, across her stomach, working her way down to her pussy again, she grabbed the bar of soap and slid it in-between her legs starting at the thigh and she slowly moved the soap up and down to be sure that her pussy was clean for Jeff. While Sarah was doing this her arm brushed her still completely hard clit and it made her shiver with excitement. Sarah finally rinsed off then took her razor and made sure that her pussy was totally smooth, after that she shut the water off and climbed out. 

No sooner than Sarah climbed out she heard the doorbell ring, "I'll bet that’s him,” She said to herself. She quickly wrapped herself in her towel, which was a little too short, and it only covered down to about half her thighs, and it pushed her tits up because it was so tight. She looked at herself quickly in the mirror before she headed downstairs. When Sarah opened the door Jeff was standing right there staring at her amazing body wrapped in that towel. The thoughts that ran through his mind were enough to give him a hard-on. Sarah noticed and didn't seem upset by the whole thing but more turned on than anything else. 

"Hey, It's about time you got here,” said Sarah jokingly, "Yeah, Yeah I hurried as fast as I could." Jeff joked back. "I just have to run upstairs and change real quick, ok?" said Sarah in a sexy voice. "Ok do you want me to wait down here or can I come up?" asked Jeff hoping she would say he could come up. "You can come up, there’s a couch and stuff up there for you to wait on."

"Ok, lead the way" and with that Sarah turned and started up the stairs with Jeff closely behind her. Jeff made an effort to try not to stare but he couldn’t help it. Sarah was ahead of him just slightly but the stairs were steep enough so that Jeff could see the very bottom of her ass and the inside of her thighs. Sarah loved teasing him, even though she hadn't been doing it for very long she loved it, and the whole idea of Jeff trying to see up her towel made her pussy drip with excitement. 

"Ok, just wait right there on the couch, ill be right back i’m just going to go change,” said Sarah. "Ok" said Jeff settling down on the couch in a spot where he could see a mirror in her room that he was hoping she might change in front of. Sarah walked into her room and closed the door but not all the way there was a little crack hat Jeff could see through. Jeff watched Sarah drop her towel to the floor then, open one of her dresser drawers and she looked through it and decided not to take anything from it so she closed it. Then she walked to her closet, briefly passing the crack in the door, in which Jeff could see everything for just a split second. Then he couldn’t see anything he just heard the rustle of clothes in the closet, then the door opened, and Sarah in a Hawaiian floral print sundress, her nipples were rock hard and he could see that from across the room on the couch. "Ok, ready to go?" she asked. "Sure thing where to?" He said. "I don’t know there’s a park around the corner we could go to, I’m not really in the mood to go anywhere, so maybe we could just go hang out there."

"Sounds good to me, can we walk there?" he asked. "Yes, it’s only like five minutes away." 

As they walked to the park, which was a little more than five minutes away, they joked about things and flirted a little, Sarah knew what she wanted, and she was sure that Jeff would be more than happy to help her out. Sarah had always had a fantasy of having sex in the park they were headed to, she touched herself more than once at thought of being flat on her back with her legs spread wide open, she was thinking of that at that very instant also. The idea of Jeff laying her back and opening her legs, exposing her cleanly shaven, tight pussy and then him fucking her until she came was turning her on beyond belief now. "Well here we are finally, I thought you said it was a short walk." Said Jeff. "Oh its only been about ten minutes” Sarah looked around and noticed that there was no one at the park, "What time is it Jeff?" asked Sarah. "It's about eleven thirty, why?" He asked. "I was just wondering why no one was here." She said. "I have no idea, but what difference does that make?" He asked. "No difference, I guess" She answered, "Anyway lets walk, down to the soccer field and back." 

She said. "Ok, it doesn’t matter to me one way or the other." He said. As they walked down to the soccer field, Sarah got more and more turned on until they were right in the center of it and she couldn’t contain herself anymore. She stopped him for just a moment, "I love this spot." She said "Yeah it is ni--" before he could finish his sentence she was pressed up against him kissing him madly. Without so much as a word he started to kiss her back, his hands ran all over her body starting at her back, and sliding them down to her ass, he slid his hands over her ass, then back up her dress, feeling that she didn’t have panties on, he knew she planned it so he went with it. 

While kissing Sarah, Jeff slid one finger across her pussy and up to her clit, he massaged that for a minute or two, he really didn’t have to do much since her pussy was already soaked, Jeff lifted her skirt up to her waist exposing her shaved pussy, he kneeled down and slid his tongue over her pussy lips, already his face was getting covered in pussy juice. Jeff ran his tongue from the very base of her pussy all the way up to over her clit, sometimes fast and sometimes slow, until Sarah was moaning out loud with pleasure. Jeff continued to do it, until he felt Sarah's body tighten, and he knew she was going to have an orgasm, so he stopped for a second, teasing her, just to prolong it that much more, then he buried his face into her pussy again, and she exploded, the cum ran down her legs and onto his face and he continued to lick her pussy, while she stood there and shook . "Oh god I want you so bad" She moaned, and with that she took off her dress exposing her beautiful body to him and layed the dress down, then she moved closer again and put her hands on his cock. She undid his belt, then the button and then the zipper, and then she kneeled down in front of him and took his pants down with her. He looked down at her just as she was about to take his cock into her mouth, he watched her as she sucked his dick, This he felt really good about because she rarely gave blowjobs, Jeff rested his hand on the back of her head and made her go faster, "Yeah that feels good baby, Don’t stop." 

Sarah continued to suck when all the sudden she stopped and looked up at him and said "Jeff, I want you to fuck me right now" She layed back opening her legs, and he came down on top of her and immediately put his 7" dick inside of her wet, tight pussy. Jeff started slow and he watched Sarah the whole time, moaning with pleasure, "Harder Jeff, I want to be fucked, I already came, so just fuck me." She told him. With that he turned her over and got her on her hands and knees, he pushed his dick inside of her and didn't waste any time, he just started ramming her hard. Sarah was moaning and trying to keep it down by putting her face down on her dress, but it still wasn’t quiet, she started to feel like she was going to cum again also. He pumped her pussy hard, he could feel his balls slap up against her pussy, and he could see her tits, bouncing back and forth. "Is this what you want?" He asked her. "Oh god yes, you feel so good." Then she let out a moan that sounded almost like a scream and her pussy tightened again, and Jeff went faster and harder into her, "I’m going to cum!" she moaned out and with that she exploded again, her pussy got amazingly slippery now, and Jeff knew that he couldn't hold it in much longer. As he rammed her pussy, he said, "Where do you want me to cum?"

"I don't care you feel so good, just not in me." And with that he had to pull out right then and he started to cum all over on the small of her back. Sarah loved it because she could feel his hot cum all over her; it was on the small of her back and a little bit ran down to her ass too. Jeff moaned with pleasure as he shot his load all over her, "oh god, Sarah that felt so good." 

Without saying a word Sarah got up and put her dress on and then gave Jeff a kiss, "I've had a fantasy about you, and this soccer field for a long time."

"Really?" Jeff said. "Yes" and she grabbed close to him and gave him another kiss. "And you know what, you can do that to me anytime." She smiled, "Lets get back to my house before my dad gets home” She said. "Ok, why do you have curfew?"

"No, I want you to fuck me again"

"Shit that sounds good to me"

"Good, me too." She said and she grabbed his cock right then and gave him another kiss. "Come on". 

When they finally got back to her house, they could hardly contain themselves, Sarah immediately went to check to see if her dad was home yet, then she ran upstairs where Jeff was waiting on the bed for her. As soon as she walked in she raised her dress up and threw it on the floor, then she jumped on the bed and opened his pants up and pulled them down. "I want you so bad, your cock feels so good inside of me." Sarah said as she climbed on top of him and pushed his rock hard dick inside of her soaking pussy. When she felt it slide inside of her she started to moan, it felt so good sliding all the way inside of her. Jeff looked up and watched as Sarah rode his cock, he watched her tits bouncing up and down, and he would reach up and grab them and massage her nipples and then give them a little pinch. Then Jeff ran his hands down Sarah’s body and put a finger on her clit, and he started to rub it. Sarah moaned even louder now, Jeff knew what was coming, then she reached down and grabbed his chest as tight as she could, and she tightened up tighter then she had before, and the whole time she rode, hard, on Jeff’s cock. 

"I’m cumming, oh yes, " She moaned and Jeff could feel his legs getting wet from Sarah's cum that was all over the place now. She rode more after she came and settled back down, and she got off, "Oh my god, my pussy is so sore." She said. "Don’t worry, I didn’t forget about you" she smiled looking up at Jeff, and then she moved her head down right over his cock. She ran her tongue up the side of his dick, "Is this what you want?" Jeff just looked down and shook his head yes. "I didn’t think that it would be a problem." She licked some more up and down, and then ran her tongue over the top of his cock, and took it in her mouth, when she did this Jeff let out a sigh of pleasure, it felt so good to have Sarah’s warm, wet mouth going up and down on his cock. Sarah bobbed her head up and down, sometimes fast and sometimes very slow, either way it brought Jeff to being ready to cum in minutes. Jeff put his hand on the back of Sarah's head "I’m gonna cum" he said to her, she moaned a little and kept bobbing her head on his c, He He felt his balls raise up and his leg muscles tighten, then he shot his load into her mouth, Sarah kept bobbing up and down, so she could get every last drop of cum, out of his dick. Jeff moaned and Sarah sucked until his cock was totally dry except the spit, from Sarah’s mouth, Sarah sat up and looked at Jeff, "Did you like that?" She asked. "Yes, it felt so good." He smiled at her, "Good, I don’t usually give blowjobs, but I did that special for you." 

Sarah smiled and then said, "We should probably get dressed, in case my dad comes home."

"Good idea." Jeff answered. No sooner then they got their clothes back on, Sarah heard the garage door open, "Shit, that’s my dad, lets just say we were watching TV. And that your going now"

"Ok, that works for me." Jeff said smiling, and with that Sarah gave Jeff a kiss and started to walk him downstairs. "Hi Sarah, how are you?" Asked Sarah’s dad. "Good, Ill be there in just a minute i'm going to let Jeff out” She said. "Ok" He answered back. 

When they reached the door Jeff opened it and headed out. "Ill call you, tomorrow" said Sarah smiling. "Ok, Ill plan on hearing from you." He said. "Bye" Said Sarah and with that she closed the door. Jeff jumped into his jeep and started for home the whole time thinking of Sarah, and on his way home he passed the soccer field and just smiled.