 The snow had been falling off and on all afternoon while Jeff worked feverishly to finish his Friday work.  As he drove west on the interstate he hoped that she would be able to find his cabin 20 miles off the main road in the mountains.  He had given her the keys last night and she seemed excited at the thought of spending the weekend in the mountains hiking along among the giant dogwood and ancient hemlocks.  He knew that the snow would only enhance the experience for her.   Now he worried that she would not find the cabin or would be stopped by the snow.

He turned into the drive leading to his cabin and was somewhat concerned that no tracks could be seen in the snow drive.  But ahead he saw her car parked and realized that she must have beaten the snow.  His heart rate quickened as he remembered her kiss last night and anticipated what lay ahead.

Wonderful and  somewhat exotic smells greeted him upon opening the door.  The small cabin was dimly lit with only candles that she had obviously brought with her and of course the slow burning of the fire in the fireplace cast a small glow in the center of the room.  The table in the small kitchen was set more elegantly than he could ever remember and a bottle of red wine and two glasses were waiting. Miles Davis played soothing jazz on the stereo.  But no sign of his love in either room.

He added two more logs to the fire then realized that the door to the bath room was open and he could see candle light in there as well. He quickly opened the wine and grabbed the two glasses and approached the bathroom.  The giant claw foot tub was so difficult to install but now he realized that his efforts were to be rewarded.  She looked incredible in the tub, bathed by candle light and soft bubbles. She winked at him, extending her hand to touch his leg. Her touch electrified him. As their lips met he felt a calming sensuality overtake him.  The wine was poured and they soon were sipping the merlot with her reclining against him in the huge old tub.

Her kiss was so magical to him – so soft, so warm, so wet as their tongues touched. He craved her touch – not only the sex – but her touch. Her soft hands touched the back of his neck as they kissed.  Running through his hair over his chest – lightly dragging her nails. Circling his nipples.  The chill of excitement at her touch was palpable at the base of his neck and passed through his body like electricity – yet an altogether pleasant wave of electricity and excitement.  The excitement of her touch extended him further.  Stroking her hair and admiring her beauty as they alternately kissed and explored each other.  10 years his junior he could not believe her radiance.  Her loving and accepting touch quickly evaporated fears of inadequacy.  His new found self confidence emboldened him to explore further and his touch extended from a light touch on her breasts to a firmer grasp and light pull on her nipple.  He circled his tongue around her nipple and enjoyed the hardness of it against is tongue.  His work was rewarded with moans of pleasure.

They moved to the couch in front of the delightful glow of the fire where she sat him on the and encouraged him to recline. She placed herself between his legs on her knees then rose to kiss him again.  Hot passionate kisses of a woman enjoying this moment.  Tongues touched, hot breath was felt, light quivers in her touch told him that she giving way to him completely.  She kissed down his neck to his ear and nibbled on his earlobe then nibbling her way down his broad chest.  She held his cock in her delicate hand and appeared to be admiring it before she touched the head with the tip of her tongue.  She traced the circumference of his cock head with her tongue then engulfed it in her mouth for a moment.  
Stroking and touching she licked his shaft and gently fondled his balls.  She folded his cock against his stomach and licked in long, slow motion from his balls to the tip of his cock.  He was in heaven and closed his eyes to relax.  She increased her motions and movements and he realized that his release  was close.  His pleas for her to slow down went unanswered and he knew that she meant to bring him off in this fashion.  She quickened her pace bobbing her head up and down the length of his shaft until he could take no more.  His muscles tensed and his back arched as his load erupted into her mouth.  Her movements never slowed and she showed no signs of slowing as his cock emptied itself.  

Fearing that after this release he may not be able to fully satisfy his lover, he determined to do his best to grant her a release from his oral attention. Placing her on the couch as she had done for him, his kisses progressed from her mouth, to her neck, and down to her nipples.  He marveled at the sight of her erect nipples and the slight shadows they cast.  Her breasts were so perfect and welcoming to him - a safe place yet he knew that his encircling  licks were having the desire effects.  His attention went further down her body.  His hands tracing her waist as his wet kisses were now on her stomach.  Down he went until teasingly he skipped past her wet lips to the inner portion of her right thigh.  His long slow lick up her thigh brought a moan and her hands to the back of his head guiding and encouraging his movements.  Upon reaching her lips, he repositioned himself to place her legs over his shoulders.  Kissing lightly for a brief second he savored her smell and her texture.  His tongue extends to trace the outside of her  smoothly shaven lips.  He paused at the smooth spot below her opening to lick as his nose touched and slightly parted her lips.  Her moans and writhing told him that her passion was building and he knew that she would want his tongue on her clit.  In a sensual upward motion of his tongue he gently parted her lips then circled her clit.  At last grinding on it with his tongue alternately sucking it and circling it.  This motion was apparently too much for her and her legs pressed down on him as her muscles tensed in the throughs of passion.  A new sound she made – not a scream, not a yell – the language of passion.  Her release thrilled him and he did not slow his attention on her swollen clit.  God this was so good he thought – her tastes, her smell, her texture – he was lost in the sensations.

He rose and with her legs still over his shoulders rubbed his swollen cock along the lips of her pussy – not really entering her, but parting her lips with his cockhead.  He let his cock slip from her lips and slide up across her swollen clit before returning it to her lips.  Repeating this several times seemed to tease her and she looked full in his eyes as she told him that she wanted him.  He parted her lips and pushed himself fully inside with no resistance at all – so excited was she.   His pace was slow and deliberate with long, slow action – pulling out until the head was visible then plunging deeply again.  Wrapping her legs around his waist,  she clinched him closer with her heels.  His pelvis ground against hers and he could feel her pelvic bone.  Looking her in the eye, his peripheral vision could she her breasts heave with each of his thrusts.  Her eyes were focused on him and him alone.  The passion rose for each of them – his arms tensed, her breathing was quick yet she seemed to hold her breath.  One last deep plunge as he arched his back – holding it there, her subtle pelvic movements the only motion.  The moans and sighs, the grunts and strain were the sounds of passion. Those sounds reached a peak then subsided into quiet.  

Muscles relaxed, breathing returned to normal they embraced – kissing again.  He rolled over – still inside her – so that she lay on top of him.  Her head on his shoulder he caressed her  until both drifted off to sleep, contented as never before.