 Karen woke Sunday morning refreshed, but very sore. The handcuff timer had released her wrists long ago. She sat up in her bed rubbing her wrists as the bright sunlight streamed through the blinds. Karen had been vividly dreaming all night of being used and debased by a wide range of shady characters. Even after the tremendous pounding her ass and pussy took the night before, she still wanted more. Karen knew her life had been changed over the course of the long weekend and there was no going back. 

At the same time, Karen was aware that her husband and daughter would be back from their college tour weekend within a couple of hours and she had to somehow play the roll of perfect wife and mother again. Although she wanted to lounge in the bed and masturbate, Karen willed herself to get up and made a quick tour of the house. After last night's lesbian orgy, Karen wanted to be sure there were no tell-tale signs of the debauchery waiting to expose her for the wanton slut she had become. Karen noted the women had pretty well picked up after themselves. There were a few glasses on some tables and the couch had been moved, but within 15 minutes Karen had managed to secure all the evidence of having guests. She felt like a teenager again as she tried to hide the fact she had a wild party while left alone in the house.

After picking up, Karen headed back upstairs to the master suite. She drew a very hot bath and allowed herself 30 minutes to soak in the whirlpool tub and sooth her aching muscles. While her body was simmering in the hot water and the jets were pulsating along her sore hips and neck, Karen put a cool towel over her eyes and leaned back. Almost immediately the images of her submitting to an unknown man flooded back into her thoughts. Karen saw herself on all fours with a collar around her neck and the man holding a leash connected to the collar as he savagely fucked her ass. Over and over the faceless man rammed his cock up Karen's ass as she bucked and whinnied her approval. Karen slid her right hand under the water and began slowly rubbing her clit. As the scene with her imaginary master began to take on more urgency, Karen steadily increased the pressure she was putting on her clit. The water had started to cool so Karen began to drain the tub. As the now luke warm exposed her breasts, Karen's left hand began to roughly pinch and pull her nipples. Karen was sloshing the remaining water back and forth, but try as she might, she was unable to achieve orgasm. 

As the water level drained below her hips, Karen tried a new tactic. Turning on the hand nozzle, Karen turned the pattern selector to "pulse" and directed the water jet toward her clit. The sensation was immediate and wonderful she thought, wondering why she hadn't thought of this before. But still Karen could not push herself over the top. Karen was starting to think she was orgasmed out after three nights of partying when the vision in her mind changed.

The faceless man was joined by a non-descript woman dressed in a catsuit and carrying a riding crop. While the man continued his pummeling of Karen's ass, the woman first drew the crop along Karen's exposed back and then unzipped the crotch of her catsuit exposing a neatly trimmed and very wet pussy. The woman slid down onto the floor under Karen and pulled her head down in an obvious command to service her. In her mind, Karen gleefully began eating the anonymous pussy as the woman grabbed her by the hair and humped her face.

This new development was bringing Karen closer to the release she sought. Karen's body hovered on the edge of a massive orgasm, her mind desperately seeking one more image to bring her over the top. Just as she heard the garage door begin to open signaling her family's return, the image of Terri standing over Karen verbally abusing her for fucking her kids flashed through her mind. The faceless partners in her fantasy were anonymous no more. Sam was plowing her ass with his marvelous cock while Billie ground her sweet, sweet pussy against her mouth. As the fantasy Karen turned her head to see leather clad Terri looking down at her in disgust was enough to send Karen over the edge and into a splashing, loud and violent orgasm. Water was splattering onto the floor and walls as Karen rolled from side to side oblivious to her surroundings as her orgasm consumed her body and soul. Although Karen began to audibly quiet down, her body kept twitching for a full two minutes.

As Karen came back to reality, she realized she remembered hearing the garage door and hoped Tom and Katie had been in the garage long enough not to hear her. Karen was just about to get out of the tub when Tom opened the door. 

Tom: "Hi honey, we're home."

Karen: "Welcome back. Did you two have fun?"

Tom: "Well you know teenagers. They never want to hang out with their parents, but it was a good trip. We got Katie all set up for this fall."

Karen snickered to herself about teenagers not wanting to hang out with their parents and then started to get out of the tub. Tom handed her a towel and as she started to dry off, Tom wrapped his arms around her from behind in a big bear hug. Karen was pleasantly surprised as her husband began rubbing his hands up and down her body.

Tom: "I missed you these last few days. Katie ran next door to tell Billie about the trip. Let's make love."

Tom pulled the towel back off his wife and led her to their bed. Tom was passionate and sweet, but even in her post orgasmic state, his touch and gentle thrusting did little for Karen. She was happy he was taking an interest in her sexually, but she wasn't getting anything out of it. She tried to picture Jack above her and then any number of the wrestling team who had drilled her the night before, but it was no use. Karen faked a quick orgasm which was enough to pop Tom off and have him roll next to her. Karen did enjoy the feeling of her husband spooning with her after he was done but again had to laugh to herself when he commented on her cumming with him. Somehow she didn't think he would ever be able to bring her off again.

As the couple lay in bed, they heard the front door open a close. Katie was back. Karen scrambled to pull the covers over their naked bodies just before Katie came into the bedroom.

Katie: "Billie wasn't home... Yuck. Couldn't you two have closed the door?"

Karen: "We're sorry honey. We missed each other. How was your trip?"

Katie skipped to the bed and plopped herself on the edge.

Katie: "It was good. Daddy got me setup with everything I'm going to need. How was your weekend?"

Karen: "Pretty uneventful. I gave the speech at the charity dinner Friday. That was about it."

Katie: "You need to get out more, mom. Oh well, I need to unpack."

Karen and Tom watched as Katie skipped back out of the room, pulling the door shut behind her.

Tom: "She's really all grown up. She isn't worried at all about moving away to college. Soon it will be just the two of us in this house."

Karen didn't respond. What Tom really meant was she would soon be alone in the house. He would still be working 60-70 hours per week and she would have to find ways to amuse herself. Karen smiled when she realized that would not be very hard to do.

Life at the Blanchard house returned to normal on Monday. Tom and Katie were off to work and Karen was cruising the internet for porn, writing posts on the message board and masturbating to her webcam. On the days Valentina was at the Hoffman's house, Karen would submissively don the French maid's costume and clean their house while any number of people berated her as a common whore who would do anything for an orgasm. Of course Karen was "forced" to service everyone in the household. On some days that would just be Valentina. Other days Billie, Sam, Jack, Terri or some combination of the five would be home. One day Karen was summoned to the house only to find four of the boys from the wrestling team waiting for her. They took Karen into an old van owned by one of the boys and had Karen suck all their cocks again. They sent her home covered in goo and unsatisfied, a condition Karen quickly remedied with her favorite vibrator and her best handcuffs. Karen reveled in her submission joyfully serving the neighbors' needs however perverted and disgusting they might be. Back at home, Karen continued to blog and masturbate, although the stories and videos she found online paled in generating the orgasmic power her own memories of submission did. 

Karen's life progressed this way through the summer. She noticed that Katie had been spending more and more time with Sam and wondered if he was also servicing her daughter the same way he was servicing her. Karen's collection of sex toys was steadily growing. Her toy cabinet was now brimming with vibrators, dildos, restraints and DVDs. Karen had discovered JT's Stockroom and it quickly became her website of choice for all things fetish. Every couple of weeks, Karen would find something new she had to buy.

As the dog days of August rolled around, the family prepared for a trip to move Katie to college. Karen was sad to see her daughter out on her own, but also happy to see her away from Sam, albeit temporarily. The family was leaving on a Thursday morning and would be gone for four days and by the time she and Tom returned home. Karen placed her latest order right before they left. She dreamed about the arrival of her new toys throughout the trip and by the time she and Tom arrived back home, she was desperate for sexual satisfaction. Thankfully the next day was Monday, one of her regular days serving at the Hoffman's. 

As she was expected to do, Karen dutifully showed up at the Hoffman's house at 8:30, promptly stripped naked in front of Valentina and Billie and then dressed in her maid's outfit. Both Jack and Terri were out of town on business and Sam was nowhere to be found. Karen cleaned the house, parading in front of the women in her skimpy costume. As she had been taught to do, she always bent at the waist exposing her pussy and ass. She also stretched to dust higher shelves giving the women another excuse to ogle her and was always deferential whenever they asked a question or issued a command.

By noon the cleaning was done and Karen moved on to servicing both women. Karen was surprised that today each woman only wanted a simple pussy eating. Ordered to her knees, Karen obliged sticking her head under the skirt of each woman and lapping at their pussies until each woman came twice. Karen was becoming increasingly aroused by this simple act and prayed her oral skills would be rewarded. After both Billie and Valentina had their lusts sated, at least temporarily, they stood Karen back up and pulled off the maid's uniform. They were greeted with the sight of highly aroused vaginal lips, moisture already gleaming from the edged. Both girls chortled at the sight and then Billie escorted Karen to her bedroom. The now naked and desperate to cum Karen watched as Billie rummaged through one of her dresser draws looking for something. Billie ended up grabbing a tiny thong bikini which she tossed to Karen with the instruction to get dressed. It didn't take long for Karen to step into the dental floss bottoms, but the top was more of a challenge as it didn't cover much of her ample chest assets. Karen struggled to place the bikini top just right to hide as much as she could while Billie stripped out of her skirt and blouse and put on a properly sized designer swimsuit.

When Billie finished putting on her suit, she led Karen back downstairs. In the kitchen they found Valentina, also dressed in a skimpy thong bikini, although Karen noted Valentina seemed much more at ease showing that much skin than she did. Valentina explained that today was a very special day since Josh, the hunky pool cleaner, would be arriving soon. Immediately Karen pussy began to gush as she imagined herself finally getting off courtesy of the pool cleaner. 

The three women headed to the backyard. After helping each other apply sun screen, a torturous process for Karen who wished Billie's hands would do more than simply rub the lotion on her skin, the trio sat down on reclining chaise lounge chairs purposely positioned to give them a perfect view of Josh. The girls chatted as friends do. Both Billie and Valentina talked up Josh, his rock hard abs, his tight buns and of course, his very satisfying penis. The thought crossed Karen's mind that the girls may be toying with her emotions because Josh sounded too good to be true. Either the pool cleaner was an old fat man or even just a figment of their collective imaginations was her verdict. About 20 minutes later, Karen was glistening with sweat droplets and still inflicted by a wet, unsatisfied pussy when the gate opened and Josh walked through. Karen thought the girls had done a disservice in their descriptions. Greek Adonis would have been more appropriate. Karen definitely could see herself laying on her back braying like a school girl below this man. Karen sat slack jawed, openly gawking at Josh as he set down his tools.

Karen had a different pool service at her house and made a mental note to hire Josh instead. Her pool cleaner was also a young man, but he always wore baggy gym shorts and a loose fitting top. Josh wore a very tight weightlifting shirt which showed every ripple in his free weight sculpted body. Josh also wore a Speedo instead of shorts. Karen understood why a pool cleaner might wear a swimsuit, but could not figure why he chose a suit which was out of fashion for over a decade. Then Josh turned and she understood. The front of his suit was packed with his bulging cock. It was clear his abs and biceps were not the only muscles worth of a workout. Valentina nudged Karen and told her to shut her mouth. She explained that Josh cleaned the pools of several neighborhood women and for a generous tip, he was perfectly willing to provide a more intimate level of service. Karen understood the reference and prayed she would soon be the recipient of a "special cleaning."

The three women watched intently as Josh began cleaning the pool. He knew the effect he was having on his audience. He had previously serviced all of the women in the Hoffman household. In fact, they had told him of their neighbor who would be most grateful to meet him. Last week, after Billie had finished blowing him, she told him about her nymphomaniac neighbor and how she spent her summer turning her into her sex slave. Josh didn't believe Billie and challenged her to prove it. Billie simply told him to show up next week ready to party. 

Karen was sitting between Valentina and Billie on the patio. In unison, both girls reached over and began kneading Karen's breasts through her tiny bikini top. Karen turned her head back and forth looking at her tormentors, but instead of complaining, she refocused her attention on the male specimen before her. Taking their cue from Karen's lack of resistance, first Billie and then Valentina pulled the tiny triangles of fabric shielding Karen's breasts away from her body. Karen leaned back deeper into the chaise as the women began to stimulate her nipples. Finally she was going to get her relief.

Josh looked over at the women and smiled. Karen had spread her legs enough to give him a view of her thong covered sex. When she noticed him looking, Karen began running her fingers over the tiny bikini bottom while giving Josh a come get me look. Billie noticed Karen's wanton display and grabbed her arm. As Karen looked at her with shock and dismay, after all she assumed Billie wanted her to act like a slut, Valentina grabbed her other wrist. The girls held Karen's wrists to the arms of the chair while Karen struggled against them, mostly as a show for Josh's benefit. Karen wiggled her hips and "accidentally" spread her legs wider. Playing along, Billie gave the older woman a sharp rebuke and a loud slap to her inner thigh.

Billie: "Could you be more of a slut, Karen?"

Karen stopped struggling and closed her legs as she contemplated whether the question was rhetorical or not. Billie responded by pushing her legs apart again.

Billie: "No, no dirty girl. Keep those legs apart. Show the nice man what you obviously want him to see."

Karen's head was spinning with lust as she spread her legs wide open. Surely Josh would not be able to resist her offer and soon his donkey cock would be inside her. Wanting to get in on the humiliation, Valentina began rubbing her free hand up and down the length of Karen's pussy. Karen was staring intently at Josh and the two girls continued to poke and prod her erogenous zones. When Valentina pulled aside the tiny thong and began to brazenly finger fuck her, Karen reflexively moaned. Looking at Josh, she saw his cock begin to twitch in his swimsuit. Karen licked her lips and once again pleaded with her eyes beckoning Josh to come to her.

Josh was content to watch the spectacle before him for a couple of minutes, his Speedo expanding outward with every moan escaping Karen's lips. As he eventually moved toward the women, Karen let loose with a labored hiss "yessss!" Her breathing had become erratic as her arousal, fueled by Valentina and Billie's ministrations had taken control of her body.

Josh stood in front of Karen's chair and pulled off his Speedo. A very generously sized cock became the sole focus of Karen's gaze. It was thick, long and not even fully hard yet. Josh wiggled his pride and joy with his hand, taunting Karen with the power he held over her.

Josh: "This is what you want, isn't it slut?"

Karen: "Yes."

Josh: "Billie said you are a nympho and her slave. Is that true?"

Karen: "Yes,"

Josh: "So I bet you would like to suck this special treat?"

Karen: "I'd rather you just fuck me."

Josh: "I'm not even fully hard yet. Blow me and if you're good, maybe I'll fuck you."

Karen wasn't happy with the word maybe, but also wasn't going to miss an opportunity to quench the fire burning between her legs. She quickly agreed and the girls released her arms allowing her to scoot to the front on the chaise. Karen looked up at the muscular man towering above her. Josh continued to wag his cock at her until Karen tilted her head back and opened her mouth up wide. Josh began sliding his cock in and out of Karen's mouth while she worked as hard as she could to simulate his libido. With her right hand, she played with his balls. She kept her tongue slobbering as best she could on his shaft and every time his began to pull out, she sucked as hard as she could on the knob of his cock while stroking the shaft.

Assured Josh was in good hands, Billie and Valentina stood and walked inside. Karen continued to service Josh who remained remarkably calm and detached. Karen was doing her best to impress Josh in hopes of being fucked soon. Whenever she had a moment without cock in her mouth, she would beg Josh to take her. After one such moment, Josh smiled at her and took her hand leading her to the patio table. At last, Karen thought, he's going to bend me over the table and drill me. Instead Josh instructed Karen to get on top of the table on her back. The height seemed wrong to her, but she wasn't about to tell this powerful man how to go about his business. Effortlessly Josh pulled Karen to the edge of the table so her neck and head were bending backwards off the table and at just the right height to slide his cock down her throat. As he reached maximum penetration and his balls brushed over her eyes and nose, Josh reached forward and firmly pinched both of Karen's nipples. The sudden pain sent a shockwave through Karen's overheated body as the vibrations from her howl of lust cascaded over Josh's cock. Knowing he had Karen on the edge, exactly the plan he had previously discussed with Billie, Josh began fucking Karen's mouth while not letting up on her breasts. Billie, Valentina and Terri were all good fucks, but this sense of dominance over a woman was new to Josh... and he liked it. Saliva was running down Karen's face as Josh relentlessly pounded his cock into her mouth. Karen was having trouble breathing as her windpipe was blocked over and over. Her degrading behavior only fueled her lust and she knew if Josh so much as touched her clit she would cum instantly. 
