 Well, my girlfriend was due back after a family Christmas in Scotland spent without me, and I'd gone to meet her at the airport. I was slightly taken by surprise when I saw her marching with a smile through the arrivals lounge and almost shed a tear - I'd missed her more than I realized, as well as simply lusting after her always accommodating body. 

If we'd been alone that night we'd have had a few drinks, gone home, and then I would have tried to seduce her. I'd been troubled for days by an enduring vision of her holding my stiff cock in her hand and smiling into my eyes as she jerked me off. I'd dreamed that I'd come all over her hands, then given her total satisfaction with my fingers until I was hard again and able to fuck her brutally on the floor of the living room until she almost passed out while I was shooting my cum inside her. It wasn't going to happen this night, I knew, because with less than brilliant timing two female friends were meeting us the same evening and would be staying overnight in our small flat. 

Still, we all had a good night in the pub and eventually retired to the single bedroom while the girls camped in the living room. I still had no expectations but as soon as we were in bed Caroline became very affectionate and before I knew what was happening her hand was stealing down below the sheets and stroking my cock to almost instant hardness. 

As she started to toss me off I was prey to feelings of lust and love in equal measure -- it felt as though I was being treated to something absolutely sweet, by someone who really loved me, and I knew I would feel utterly wonderful when I came. I started to touch her too, but it was difficult in the confined space and we couldn't, of course, make any noise which made things very erotic for me -- I pictured the girls lying on a mattress next door, with no clue what was going on in our room - Caroline continued her wanking of my fat cock and I slid my finger over her slimy clit, and up and down her slit, the full length of her vagina. 

I suddenly took a snap decision and moved away from Caroline, sliding down the bed. I had decided to try to fuck her, although I expected her to resist. But before she really knew it was going to happen, my stiff prick was inside her slick cunt and she did nothing to stop me as I started to pump it in and out. She was very tight, but wet enough to take my length easily, and I desperately wanted to make noise with the pleasure but knew I couldn't -- so I just carried on sticking my cock in and out as she hid her squeals under a pillow. 

After less than twenty seconds of thrusting I was shooting my wad deep inside her gorgeous cunt and despite my best efforts, I couldn't stop myself from letting go with a groan of satisfaction as the cum streamed out of me. It was followed by the sound of two unmistakable laughs from the room next door, and Caroline obviously heard it too and found it exciting because she wrapped her legs around me still more tightly and reached for her clit with her middle finger, bringing herself to a swift climax. She couldn't keep quiet either, and her squeal again produced giggles from our listening friends nearby. 

I pulled out and kissed her and heard her whisper, "they heard us!" I just laughed a little, said "oh yes" and started to bring her off again, rubbing her wet clit with the flat of my index finger. She was very turned on and quickly had another, intense orgasm, which she just managed to keep quiet by keeping the pillow close to her.

There should have been red faces in the morning, and there were, but not mine or Caroline's. She later heard from Vicky that Kate had been so turned on by the sound of our coupling that she'd reached over to Vicky and starting stroking her breasts. Before either had had time to think about what they were doing, their hands were on each other and the next moment Kate was pushing her fingers into Vicky's cunt. Five minutes later they'd both made the other girl cum by their digital manipulation of each other and when they woke didn't know what to say to each other. 

The thought of the girls being inspired by my fucking Caroline to finger each other on our living room floor delighted me -- I only wish we'd heard them too, and I have to admit that when Caroline related this to me I didn't wait a second before starting to pull her clothes off and commencing a hard core session, starting with cunnilingus and ending with a hard screw from behind.