  I've included a key to the spa chips' demoninations, nicknames, and favors at a reader's suggestion 

Format: Nickname: value, favor, color

Clouds: 1, Touching, White

Canaries: 2, Kissing, Yellow

Lipstick: 5, Oral, Red

Skies: 10, Sex, Blue

Grass: 25, Anal, Green

Doubles/Oranges: 50, Double, Orange

Fucked: 100, Forefit, Black 

Must acquire a number of chips equal to the value to cash in the favor (e.g. 5 red chips)



====================================================================

Cyn woke and took a moment to figure out her situation. Things came rushing back in short order. She was at the spa house and it was Saturday morning. 

Then she felt the bed shift behind her and looked over her shoulder. Syl, the short-haired, waify girl smiled at her and behind her the slightly larger frame of her lover Bill could be seen, though based on his lack of movement he was still asleep. That brought the activities of yesterday (this morning?) back to her. Apart from signing up for a risky poker game with other affluent students from her school, she'd had not one but two lesbian encounters, the second one as part of a BDSM threesome, though only Syl had touched or done anything to her per the rules of the spa. 

"Morning," Syl whispered. 

"Hi," she said. "Do...do you need to wake him up?" she asked. 

Syl smiled, "We don't work like that. The pet thing is for sex; we're more subtle about it the rest of the time. Like, I'll ask him for permission to do some things and he'll demand that I do others, but most of the time it's stuff we'd do anyway, we just frame it in the master/pet way to reinforce the roles. We're pretty tame when you consider how some people do this."

"Sorry if I...messed anything up," Cyn said. 

"Oh, you were great. You have good dom instincts," Syl reassured her. 

"Thank you," Cyn said, feeling herself blush a little. "This was new to me. I wasn't even that into girls, much less roleplay, and there I was telling you to do a better job or I was going to fuck your boyfriend in front of you. And my last three orgasms have come from girls eating me out." 

"And you have another girl lined up to go, if I counted right?" 

Cyn nodded. "Yeah, I've got a set of skies for Amy," she admitted. She thought about that for a while, then said, "Can I ask a question?"

"Always." 

"How do the skies work with women? I mean, the difference between oral and sex for guys is obvious but with two girls...I mean does someone have to bring a dildo or a strap-on?"

Syl smiled at Cyn's confusion, "So the sky chips say 'sex', but most people think of them as 'penetration'. That wouldn't fit on the chips. You notice I didn't use my hands when I was going down on you?" 

"Yeah, Robin didn't either," Cyn said. 

"So most of us, for the girl-girl stuff, work on the idea that nothing gets inserted unless skies are in play. Licking deep is a thing, but no fingers, no toys, nothing inside without sky chips," Syl said. 

"That makes sense I guess," Cyn said, then her stomach rumbled embarrassingly loud, causing both girls to giggle. "I'd better eat something." 

"There's three bathrooms with showers too. Usually people just rinse off so we don't have huge lines, but don't be surprised if you see one being used for a favor." 

"You know, Vincent told me this wasn't a brothel but it's pretty close," Cyn said. 

Syl let out a small laugh. "If this was a brothel McCabe would have women servicing him twenty-four seven while the other men negotiated for seconds." 

"Is...Is Vincent in charge?" Cyn asked. 

Syl shrugged. "No one's really in charge. The closest thing is the banker, but that's just because it's their job to enforce the rules and collect the chips. But Vincent's money and family can't be ignored, even here. He's just in another league." 

"Have you..." Cyn asked, and then cut herself off as she realized what she was about to ask. 

Syl smiled. "Don't worry, about it. I got a few of his canaries before Bill and I became a thing. He doesn't like how we use the chips in our arrangement, so if any of us get each other's chips now we usually just keep them for betting."

Cyn nodded, but then Syl continued with a warning, "Don't kid yourself Cyn. He's not some unattainable tower nobody's conquered. No one here is, except you, really. He's been here two years and he's both spent and owed favors with a bunch of different people." 

"So?" Cyn said. 

Syl shrugged. "I saw how you looked at him, and your reaction after he folded when your chips were in the middle. First of all, you need to work on your poker face. You did play Kathy, but I think she wasn't paying attention. You're not going to get a free pass from her again. But second even if he is into you, which I wouldn't count on yet, you're both here and playing. People will get your chips, people will get his chips, and not everyone's going to step aside and let you two bet on each other's favors uncontested. Although you have more to worry about than he does, I think."

"Why?"

Syl looked frustrated. "I'm decent at poker. I'm better than Bill, definitely, which is kind of fun because we can use it as an excuse for him to punish me. Vincent though...Even when he loses I feel like he plans it. I can't prove it, but I think he's much better at the game than he lets on. Like he could be a pro." 

Cyn got herself out of the bed and collected her clothes, thinking about what Syl said. "Thanks," she called, "I kind of wish I'd lost more chips to you." 

Syl smiled back, "See you at the table." 

*****

Cyn wandered into the kitchen with half an hour to spare before the game started up again. She'd rinsed off and taken care of some other issues in the shower of the bathroom she'd found. Despite Syl's warning she didn't meet anyone on her way in or out, though when she first got there an aroma in the air suggested someone had traded at least one favor in there. 

Cyn enjoyed breakfast food and loaded her plate before heading down to the basement, thinking she could finish her food at the table if she had to, but she was confused when she got down. Carl was behind the bar sorting and stacking, but there were only five other people milling around. She walked over to the bar. 

"What's up?" Cyn asked. 

"Low stakes game in," Carl paused and checked his watch, "ten minutes, ten chip sit-out fee." 

"I thought the low stakes games had higher fees to sit out?" Cyn asked. 

"Not the one that starts on Saturday morning. People need sleep yo," Carl said, mimicking a "street" accent, "The thing is the antes still count over from last night. So low buy out and low stakes, but if you bother to get up and play there are some decent antes in the middle. Most people call this the 'practice game' but it's a good chance to get a shot at some higher chips without going into a high stakes game." 

Cyn shook her head, wondering at how much she still didn't know about the spa. Including that. 

"Why 'spa'?" she asked. 

"Sex, poker, affluence," Carl said. "It's kind of a stupid acronym, but they were more concerned about being able to talk openly without giving things away." 

Cyn ate the rest of her meal, in less of a hurry based on Carl's more casual attitude. Eight o'clock came and went without comment, but at five past Carl walked over to the table. 

"Game starting," Carl announced, "First ante, two lots. Three lipsticks from Robin, three from Bill. High card calls game." 

Only five other people played this morning: the Asian Noelle, Susan and Charles from Cyn's first game, the thin, nervous looking guy Steve, and an Indian woman named Purna. Charles was dealt the high card. 

"Five card draw," he said without hesitation. 

Cyn waited for the cards to be dealt and calmed herself from the thrill she felt when the ante was announced. In her funk at the end of last game, she hadn't noticed the antes getting up to thirty. She picked up three of a kind straight away and bet two canaries. She had almost thrown out lipstick chips until she remembered this game was supposed to be low stakes. In the end, she and Noelle were the only ones interested enough. Noelle, like Kathy, kept an eager and almost predatory grin on when she played, but her Cyn felt more like she was being dared to do something dangerous and fun, rather than threatened. 

"Five," Noelle bet. 

"Raise to ten," Cyn replied. 

"Call," Noelle replied. She laid down her hand and showed three tens. Cyn only had three sevens. 

Cyn sighed and pushed her chips away, but saw Noelle wink at her. 

Cyn spent the rest of the morning watching the other players and cautiously betting. She tried to work mostly with clouds and canaries, only pulling out a lipstick chip if she was sure she had her mark. Susan and Purna were relatively easy to read, so she was able to handedly win a few hands from them, while the toughest player in the crowd was Noelle by far. Steve was also a tough nut to crack, with his constant morose nervousness effectively hiding his actual hand. Charles was all over the place; sometimes he played tight, but he also had a few very obvious tells that could be exploited. 

The audience for the game started to increase as the morning dragged on, with some people even sitting down late. It didn't spare them the entry penalty, but Cyn was frankly shocked at some of the chips coming up in the ante. 

"Next ante, single lot," Carl called out, "A grass, sky, lipstick combo from Purna." 

The cards came out and Cyn picked up four diamonds. She threw three clouds in as an opening bet and two people called without raising, then she snagged another diamond on the draw. What she didn't notice until then was that Purna herself had folded. She's not betting on her own chips?

Cyn ended up facing off against Steve. She'd rather have faced an easier player, but Steve had called for two cards on the draw, so the odds were in her favor at least. Of course, if he'd been holding three of a kind and picked up a pair...

Steve bet fifteen to start, all red chips. Cyn studied her cards and tried to read the nervous man. She wasn't sure why, but she felt like she had it.

"Twenty," she countered, dropping two skies. 

"Twenty-five."

"Call," Cyn said without hesitation. 

Steve laid down his hand. It was a 9, king straight, but different suits. Cyn laid her flush down with a smile. There were some gasps and sounds of approval from the audience and the table, including a sarcastic "enjoy those lipsticks" call that she didn't get. 

Cyn finished out the morning winning three more hands, including one with the first gold chip she'd seen since Carl showed her one of her own. It was another one of Purna's, a grass, and the woman again hadn't bet on it. The lunch break was two hours and Cyn wanted to head for a corner to sort out her chips, but Noelle intercepted her en route. 

"Come on!" the tiny Asian said. Cyn was a head taller than her and the girl probably didn't weigh over a hundred pounds. She dragged Cyn up the stairs like she was a little kid desperate to show her parent something. Cyn followed out of surprise more than anything. As she was being dragged, she was trying to remember how many of her chips Noelle had and what might be required of her at the end of the run. 

Noelle pulled her over to one of the couches and pushed Cyn down to sit on it. She pulled out a stack of chips, but all of them were white and yellow. 

"That's two canaries and four clouds," Noelle said. "Lose your shirt." 

Noelle's excitement was getting to Cyn and she almost giggled as she pulled off her shirt. Then she noticed Noelle had done the same and also ditched her bra. Cyn gasped. 

Noelle had a truly impressive chest. As the Asian moved forward and straddled Cyn's lap, she pressed her boobs into Cyn's. Their breasts were basically the same size, but on Noelle's tiny frame they looked almost comical. Cyn didn't understand how she'd missed that before. 

Before she could think too much about it, Noelle began a vigorous makeout session with her, and Cyn began to get a small sense of what things were like for Syl. Noelle grabbed Cyn's hands and planted them firmly on her own ass as her tongue forcibly invaded Cyn's mouth and began aggressively exploring. Cyn got caught up and started kissing back just as hard. She thought Noelle had given ground when she pushed into the Asian girl's mouth, but then Noelle started fondling Cyn's breasts while keeping her own pressed tightly against them. It felt like someone had put her breasts in a gel massaging machine and she pulled the girl closer to enhance the feeling. 

After what seemed like far too little time, a chime went off. Noelle practically leaped out of Cyn's lap and grabbed her shirt and bra. 

"Wow, really?" Cyn said, confused. 

"Two is what the chips say," Noelle said. 

"But...you used four clouds," Cyn said, "that's four minutes."

Noelle shook her head, "Two for you, two for me," she explained. 

"You're a purist," Cyn concluded aloud. 

"That's right," Noelle said. "But I like to play. You want to have a good time with me? Get a lot of my chips and let me have a lot of yours." 

Cyn stopped and thought. What Noelle said made sense based on the chips, but her approach seemed insane. She thought about all of the things that she'd done with Syl earlier and tried to imagine how many chips she'd have had to gather. probably what, twenty clouds and just as many canaries and ten reds? she thought. 

As she watched Noelle bounce her way back downstairs, she wondered how often the girl really got to enjoy herself. 

*****

Cyn spent most of lunch upstairs in the office where she'd spent her first set of red chips on Robin. The low stakes game had been good to her; all told she had almost five hundred worth of other people's chips but if she ignored the clouds and canaries she actually had very few full sets of favors. That didn't surprise her, really; given the way most people bet and the number of people in the spa group, it wasn't likely she'd end up with a lot of favors by accident. One thing that kept nagging her was Purna. She had ended up with almost two hundred worth of Purna's chips but nearly all of them were green. If Purna played a lot games it made sense for her to have greens floating around; you could bet a good number of greens before having to worry about trading in the favor, but if too many were out there, and someone got a few canaries and lipsticks together... 

She left that puzzle for another day, though. Noelle did a good job of revving her up and she had five red chips from Steve she wanted to cash in. 

She found him off in another side room, eating his food by himself and scrolling through his phone. He looked up at Cyn's approach.

"Hey," he said, sounding confused. 

"Hi," Cyn said. "I've got some of your chips." 

"I know," Steve said. There was a pause where both of them just looked at each other. "Wait, you...uh...you want to pay them?"

"I was thinking about it," Cyn said, now cautious. "Why?" 

"Oh, it's...people usually, um...they just trade them," Steve explained, still halting and nervous. 

"Well I'm new, so I'm not ready to go for skies with people just yet," Cyn said. 

"Oh, yeah, that makes sense. People only do skies once with me most of the time. And, like I said, not a lot of people trade in reds with me," Steve said. 

Now Cyn was getting curious, "At all?"

Steve shrugged, and she could see he was a bit embarrassed, "I'm not really good at it...with girls. Other girls are better, I guess. And nobody wants to do me. I'm okay with it." 

"Aww," Cyn said, now feeling a little bad for him, "Are you clean down there? Like, there's nothing wrong with you?" 

"Um...not...not really? Well sort of," Steve said, stammering more than before. 

"Steve, what's up?" Cyn demanded. 

Steve sighed, stood and dropped his pants. 

Cyn gasped and quickly covered her mouth. Steve's cock hung down near his thigh, and unexcited it already looked bigger than some fully erect members Cyn had seen. Cyn figured out the problem fast. 

"You're big," she said. 

Steve nodded. He started to pull his pants up but Cyn walked over and stopped him, pushing him to sit back down. 

"I'm going to give it a go," Cyn said, dropping five chips on the chair next to him. 

"Um, you don't have to-"

"Steve!" she snapped. "A hot girl is offering you a blowjob, and she's already seen your cock. Just go with it. If you want to stop me in five minutes, go ahead." 

Steve hadn't explicitly told her not to, but she could see why he was trying to warn her off. She imagined he'd had a few girls get excited, try to suck or fuck him, and then realize a big cock is a big cock. Cyn wasn't exactly an expert, but she'd known someone like Steve. They were big, and fumbling blindly it was easy for girls to get hurt. He'd been a fuck buddy for Cyn for a little while because she wasn't afraid to help him out and tell him what not to do. 

As Steve settled into his chair, Cyn lost her shirt and bra. Might be worth going braless next time. Then she knelt down between his legs and grabbed his cock. Her hand wrapped around the base and there was at least the same amount sticking out past her hand, and it was still hardening. She wet her lips and took the head into her mouth, quickly wetting it and moving her mouth down. She only got maybe a quarter of it into her mouth on the first plunge, but Steve was already reacting. His breathing had sped up and Cyn could feel the muscles in his penis throbbing, reacting to the pleasure and making him harder. 

Cyn kept working, now rubbing with both hands while taking the top of his cock in. As it grew, she could really only get her mouth around the head and a little past that, but she tried to make the most of it with her tongue. She swirled it around his head constantly, only breaking to lick at the underside directly. Meanwhile, her hand was pumping up and down the shaft in time with the small thrusts she could feel as Steve gave in to the sensations. 

She guessed he was fully hard now and it was an impressive sight. He was almost as long as her forearm and only a bit thinner. She popped her mouth off the head and started licking the vein on the underside of his shaft as she moved one of her hands to lightly cup his balls. 

"You measured this bad boy?" she asked, with a bit of exaggerated excitement. 

"Ten," Steve gasped out, "Sometimes eleven."

"Well I'm taking care of it for you," Cyn replied. She started licking all over the penis, taking the head in her mouth again and teasing him with her tongue each time while keeping her hands running up and down. Cyn started imagining taking the cock in her pussy and understood why people saved up for skies with him. She also understood why many girls probably only saved up once. 

Steve's cock glistened. Cyn moved forward and straightened up. With the tip of his cock level with her chin, and looking into Steve's eyes, she wrapped her breasts around the shaft and started to tit-fuck him. At the same time, she kept taking his head into her mouth, letting her spit slip down and coat his member. 

Her fuck buddy had said Cyn's tit-jobs were one of the only ways he ever felt like his whole cock was taken care of; he bottomed out before going all the way in most women and nobody ever deep throated him. Cyn guessed Steve had much the same problem. 

Cyn kept her boobs moving vigorously, moaning with his cockhead in her mouth. It wasn't all posing; Cyn twisted her nipples as she kept her breasts moving, and mentally she was wondering what this amazing rod would feel like pounding into her pussy instead. 

"I'm...I'm..." Steve stammered.

Cyn nodded, but she kept her mouth over him. She felt like the guy deserved a treat. 
