 In the taxi back to the hotel, all three of us were buzzing. Steve was complaining that he felt a bit nauseous, but I didn't think much of it until we got back to the room and really started to complain. 

I sat on the bed and unzipped my boots, my calves feeling a wave of relief when my bare feet hit the carpet. I switched on the TV, looking for some music to offer background noise. It was about 4am but I for one was feeling fine, maybe even better than fine. In an alleyway by the 'glory' club, Hans had given us some suspicious-looking white powder, the kind that you rub into your gums, and I felt like I could go all night.

Steve suddenly bolted into the bathroom and was sick in the toilet. He was doing a lot of groaning, and retching, and it did not sound nice at all. I padded over to the door and asked if I could get him anything. He said no, so I closed the door gently and left him to it. The fresh air had brought out his drunkenness, but it also turned out the fool had taken three of Hans' Viagra-style tablets instead of the recommended one, thinking that would help him stay 'up' all night no matter how much beer and vodka he got through. 

I flopped back on the bed and asked Hans, who was looking out of the window at the 'view', to raid the mini-bar for us.

"Make mine a vodka with something," I said, kicking my heels while flicking through the limited number of TV channels on offer.

He sloped across to the fridge, and got down on his knees a little way in front of me, a few yards to the left of the TV, to prepare two drinks. "You want a drink Steve?" he called to the bathroom. Steve replied with another hurl. "That will be no, then."


I smiled, I quite liked Hans. And suddenly I liked him enough to screw him here and now, even without Steve in the room. I slowly spread my legs wide apart, exposing a bare - and certainly moist - pussy. I shuffled right to the edge of the bed, ensuring my leatherette skirt rode halfway up my ass as I did so. I leant back slightly, my palms down on the bed, and waited for him to turn round.

I could hear Steve spitting and retching and moaning and cursing, so I turned the TV up a little to try and drown him out. When Hans turned and stood with the drinks, he stopped dead in his tracks. I had a quick glance down and was thrilled to see that he was still carrying that sizeable erection around in his pants. "Put the drinks down and get back on your knees," I smiled at him. He did as he was told and crawled up between my legs, all the time looking into my eyes, his lips gradually curling into a knowing smile before he closed his eyes, nuzzled the scent between my legs, took a deep breath of me and wrapped his mouth around my cunt. I was wet as hell, his tongue wasted no time delving inside me and spreading juice over my clit. I could hear him sucking it into his mouth and swallowing it, the all-pervading aroma intoxicating both of us.

I pushed his head away and slowly lay back on the bed, a glint in my eye. He was smiling back at me as he stood, his hands already moving to his belt. I lifted my feet up on to the bed, my legs still apart. "God you are beautiful," he said, as he pushed his trousers and boxers to the floor before whipping off his shirt over his head.

He clambered over me, leaning over to kiss me as he slid into my hot hole. I groaned into his mouth as he pushed right up to the hilt, his tongue searching slowly around my mouth. I squeezed him as he throbbed inside me and he returned the groan before pushing himself away and looking down between our bodies to watch his cock pull out of my pussy inch by inch. He gasped again as he pushed back in, returning to kiss me while I unbuttoned my shirt. He was being a little too intimate and thoughtful for this stage of a debauched evening.

"I don't want soft and slow Hans. I want hard." My legs were wrapped around him and he grunted some sort of acquiescence, suddenly increasing his force. His right hand slid under me and unclipped my bra, I pushed him back so I could slide out of it and my shirt.

He looked good pounding me in a half-stood position at the end of the bed. I told him to stay down there, hooking my feet inside his arms and raising them so that he ended up holding my ankles, keeping my legs apart with his hands' firm grip as he fucked me hard. 

"Faster," I whispered. My clit was throbbing, and I squirmed underneath him maximising the stimulation I got every time he banged me. He let go of my ankles and I lifted them to lock over his shoulders as he lurched forward, arms needing to rest either side of me on the bed. His stomach was slapping the underside of my thighs every time he drilled into me, deeper now with this new angle of attack. I wailed a little, Steve obviously heard between heaves and opened the door to see what was going on. He looked annoyed – because we'd started without him – but as quickly as he appeared returned, hand over mouth, into the bathroom.

Hans hadn't noticed, he was full of "oh yeah"s and I was certainly full of him. I gripped his wrists either side of me on the bed as he hammered me into orgasm, my legs stuck between us, toes reaching for the ceiling. We managed a few wanton kisses, all tongue and no technique, before I tensed and – wham – it was a biggie. My nails did some serious damage to his back as I came over and over, his cock still goring me as I shook and screamed beneath him. He slowed down gradually, savouring the slippery sensation of my soaked hole, listening to the wetness between my legs. Then he stopped, panting a little. I realised I hadn't felt him cum, he said he probably wouldn't because he had already five times that night. He slid out, I kissed the end of his cock and said thank you, and we lay on the bed with our drinks.

"Is there nothing at all we could do that would make you cum?" I asked with a smile after a little recovery time. Unbelievably, he was still hard and I felt some deep womanly urge to relieve him. "You should take advantage of the fact that I feel so dirty and my husband is out of action." Steve had gone very quiet, asleep in the bath. 

"It is not necessary for me to cum any more," he said in that typically German way, "but we can play some more if you are in the mood for sure. There may be some things that would get me there."

"And what would you like to play with me?" I was expecting my ass to come into play – and was willing at this point – or some sort of weird German feet and watersports combo-fetish. "I could put something sexy on, too, if you like," I said, reaching down to squeeze his dick.

"No, that's not necessary. I hope you're not put off by it, but my big thing is to be a voyeur. For instance, I would have been more than happy to be watching you in the cinema, but to be right next to you is a bonus. In the toilet cubicle earlier I only came because I was able to watch you while that woman sucked me – she was not very good you know."

"Oh... well do you want to watch me do something here?"

"It wouldn't really feel like a voyeur situation would it? It doesn't matter..."

I lifted the covers and slid under them, starting to feel a little cold. "Well I'd like to help. I'm up for almost anything," I said with a giggle. "You going to come under here too?"

He put his drink down and got off the bed, jumping under the blanket with me and putting an arm round me. I instinctively searched out his hard tool, giving it a few gentle squeezes.

"Part of the appeal of the voyeur, it's the intimacy of the moment you share with the person you are watching."

"Uh-huh?" I really didn't know what to suggest. "Do you want to watch me bring myself off? With my vibrator maybe?"

"Maybe... or are there any fantasies you could share with me?"

"Ohhhhhh, you want me to talk dirty?" I said with a chuckle, playfully biting on his earlobe as my hand squeezed his balls under the covers.

"Maybe. It's not as simple as that. I think what would really get me off is if you told me something sexy, but something that you had never told anyone else. If you could make me believe I was the only one you'd ever told. A fantasy, sure, or something real-life. Something Steve doesn't know."

My hand was subconsciously rubbing him under the covers while I wondered what on earth I could tell him. There was  something  I had done since we got married, but it wasn't very adventurous or kinky – just plain adulterous. A couple like me and Steve shared all our fantasies, there was nothing left to hide in that respect. All of my most sordid experiences had come with Steve around, and anything worth telling from before I met him – like when I fucked the meter guy and my landlord – I'd shared already. Hans kind of guessed what I was thinking.

"No doubt all your fantasies are in the open – you are a very sexual couple." He kissed my forehead, his hand moving to my waist as he rolled over to face me. "Are there no secrets at all? Have you – so sexual a woman – never cheated? That kind of thing if you could tell me in detail..."

I lowered my voice to a very low whisper, just in case. "Well yes I did have a sort-of-thing with one of my ex-bosses a few years ago. Steve hated him. I think he suspected – ever since he caught me emailing him on a weekend. But it wasn't wild or anything. Just sex."

"But I'd love to hear. There must have been clandestine meetings, or quick fucks in the toilet of a bar, or business trips away and all that?" Our hushed tones beneath the sheets and the TV's continued background noise were enough for me to feel confident Steve couldn't hear, even if he was eavesdropping. But I decided to jump out of bed and run to the bathroom just in case. I opened the door and there he was, curled up in the bath under his coat. Bless. I skipped back to bed, closing the door properly behind me, and slid back under the sheets to Hans' embrace, wrapping a leg around his.

"Well – all clear. Erm, there weren't any business trips but yeah there were trips to the toilet." I giggled, then paused for thought. It had been quite easy for me to forget the snatched moments of passion I had enjoyed with Gary with all the stuff I had experienced in the previous four years. The sex had been thrilling because of where and when we did it – and because I was kind of his PA – but it was also boring eventually because even when we did get as far as a hotel room all he wanted to do was nail me hard and passionately, just like we did in an alley or late-night in the office. There was never any variety and I got bored - and then, inevitably, I had to get another job.

"Will you tell me about something like that? In detail? Sexy detail?"

"Hmmmmm." It was definitely tempting, partly as I was getting aroused myself as the prospect of sharing possibly my darkest secret. I had told no one about what I had done with Gary. There was one particular incident that fitted the bill, mainly because Steve was just yards away in the same house. "There might be something I could share if you promise not to tell a soul and promise you'll bloody well cum when I'm done." I giggled again as my hand remembered there was a stiff cock just inches from my body waiting to be squeezed.

"OK, I promise... to both. Close your eyes and go back to that time... Remember it all." He pushed me away, rolled me over so I was curled up, foetal, under the covers. I felt him prop himself up behind me, led inches from my back, the heat from his cock beating on the base of my spine as his own hand moved to massage it. "Go on – when you're ready."

I was thinking back to the night, a balmy summer night, trying to piece together extra details to make the story worthwhile for both of us. It was just the sort of naughtiness I used to get up to with Steve when we first met, just the sort of thing he'd love to watch me do through a keyhole – with anyone but Gary.

"OK. We were at a party. It was an annual thing at the law firm where Gary and I worked: each year one of the partners would play host for a summer barbecue or party. I had been to the previous year's bash and it was a real laugh – I got to know loads of people having only joined a few months before so it was really good for me. This second one, the partner who was playing host really really wanted me to take Steve along because Steve worked for a music magazine back then and this guy wanted to chew Steve's ear about this band and that. I was already fucking Gary on and off – we'd done it maybe five or six times, plus I'd given him the odd sneaky blow job in the office. And Steve and Gary had already met and Steve hated him for whatever reason – maybe I was the reason."

"What were you wearing at this party?"

"Hehe. Well we all went straight from work so it was office clothes. I had a white shirt on, a great figure-clinging grey pencil skirt that went down to my calves, my black heels of course. And just regulation white lace underwear before you ask. Gary had his suit on. But it was a hot day. It was July, and we spent the early part of the evening drinking cocktails in this guy's garden. He had this great four-storey town house in a really posh part of London, beautiful it was.

"Anyway, we were there for about 7pm. Steve got there probably an hour or two later. Long story short I was already a little tipsy when he got there. But he was fine and he tolerated the idiots pestering him about when he met U2 and all that crap. The night went on and of course as Gary and I drank more so we became more daring. He kept brushing my ass, I kept bending over in his line of vision. At one point I 'accidentally' fell into his lap and got an angry stare thrown my way by Steve. So I looked apologetic, said a "sorry" to Gary as well just for show, and tried to behave myself for the rest of the night."

"But you didn't?"

"No I didn't."

"Do you mind if I ask you to touch yourself while you tell me this bit?"

"Erm, no," I chuckled, and slipped my right hand down between my legs. I was wet still, but I wasn't massively turned on as yet. I gently pressed at my clit as Hans urged me to continue.

"This house had a bathroom on the first floor, but it also had one on the second floor that we could use if we really had to. The host's two young children had a bedroom on that floor and he understandably did not want them waking so he asked us all to only go up there if it was really necessary. I hadn't felt the need to go all the way up there. But late in the night – people were loud and falling over by then – I was leaning against the banister rail of the first floor landing, waiting for a colleague to finish 'powdering her nose', when Gary appeared behind me and tugged me up the next flight of stairs. I was whispering, 'wait what about Steve?' When we got to the top he turned and told me that the partner was showing Steve his record collection in his study. 'They'll be ages!' he said.

"There was no one in the bathroom on this floor, but I was conscious that the kids' door was ajar, maybe letting in light, and I pointed it out to Gary so he wouldn't make any noise. He started kissing me, but I wasn't keen – even though I was drunk. He could tell I wasn't up for it – worried about Steve catching us."

Hans slid a hand between my thighs from behind, lifting the top one so that I brought my foot up and spread me open. A couple of his fingers pushed into me and I could feel his other hand's rhythm as he continued to stroke himself. "Go on," he whispered, "tell me what you did. I want to imagine I was watching."

I enjoyed his fingers working me, seeking out my G-spot, for a few seconds and then returned to my memory, closing my eyes again while my own fingers went back to their job around my clit. I let out a small moan as our fingers worked together to get me going. He kissed my shoulder and I felt his cock brush my ass cheeks a couple of times as he shifted to get more comfortable.

"I remember freezing when I heard the bathroom door on the floor below unlock, and this girl staggered out and down the stairs back to the party, seemingly none the wiser that we were up there. Gary turned down the dimmer switch on the landing, tried to kiss me again, and began feeling me up."

"How? Tell me everything."

"Oh he was squeezing my tits, a hand no doubt reached round for my ass. I could feel his erection pressed against me. He said he was really horny and he needed to fuck me, and that he knew I wanted to do it too. I told him 'not here'. 

"And then he turned me round and bent me over the rail, and said, 'It's easy. We'll fuck like this and you can keep lookout.' I heard him unbuckle his belt and unzip his trousers. I knew he wouldn't last long if we had a quick hard fuck up here so I sort of resigned myself to it – though I was also beginning to get turned on by the idea. He reached down and began trying to lift my skirt, but I stopped him because I knew this particular skirt was a little too snug for that – and the creases would show up big time afterwards. I pulled down the zip down the side of the skirt and let it fall to the floor. He gave an approving groan and immediately whipped my panties to the floor, bending me back over the rail, his hand pushing my back so I was leaning over and looking straight down the two flights of stairs.

"He went on his knees, pushing my legs apart and pushing is face into my crotch. His tongue went straight into me and made a quick detour around my clit before tracing a path back and round and along my ass, right over my hole. He stood and rested his arms either side of mine on the banister, sliding straight into me with a gasp. I made all the right noises to help him along, even though I wasn't totally into it yet, because I wanted him to get it over with. 

"So he starts fucking me from behind. After a few nibbles on my neck and kisses he returns to stand behind me and holds me on my waist and starts pounding me hard." Hans was begin to pound too, behind me on the bed. I reached round with my left hand to add a few squeezes of my own as he jacked himself off. 

"I'm stood there, bent over, my legs apart, stood on tiptoes in my black heels, wearing just my shirt, my skirt and panties lying in a pool at our feet, being fucked in silence and semi-darkness by my boss while my husband was somewhere downstairs. It was quite horny and I was starting to get really turned on when, far below, someone began climbing the stairs to the bathroom. It was only one of the secretaries, but I indicated to Gary he should slow down for a second while she passed the bottom of our stair. He stopped, holding himself in me while reaching round to rub me, keep me 'going' I guess. And when the door downstairs clicked shut, he upped the tempo again."

Hans' fingers slipped out from between my legs with a slurp. He moved closer, and slid his cock into me once more. He felt bigger than before – maybe I wasn't as aroused as I thought I was but I wasn't complaining. I let out an approving moan – I was in the mood for him and gave his cock a long squeeze with my muscles to welcome him in. "Go on," he whispered as he began fucking me from behind.

"Well Gary basically fucked my brains out there and then, lifting me off the floor with his thrusts as I held on to the rail and cumming really suddenly and very hard, leaving me somewhat high and dry. But he pulled out of me and the cum dripped out of me, down below all over the back of my skirt laying on the floor, staining in and meaning I had to sit down for the rest of the night so no one would see. Steve was none the wiser and we got away with it."

Hans groaned as he moved in and out of me slowly, I turned me head to kiss him, my left leg now wrapped around his legs. "Tell me some more," he whispered. "Tell me some more times that Steve doesn't know about."

I pushed him away and out of me, and rolled him on to his back, working myself down the bed – the covers had long since been kicked away – so that I was lying between his legs, mouth ready to please. I licked his cock slowly, making a point of cleaning my goo from where it had collected at the base. I looked up, licking my lips slowly as I held his gaze.
