 Bo stretched and grimaced as he sat in rush hour traffic. His right hip and lower back throbbed painfully and he grimaced, shifting to try and find a more comfortable position. He turned off of busy, six lane road onto a side street and searched for the correct street number. Bo had hurt his back the previous week and had been miserable since. His wife had told him that one of her friends had gone to a spa in midtown a few months prior when she had pulled a muscle. His wife said her friend had found extreme relief after only a few treatments. Bo was skeptical, but after suffering for five days, Bo had called and made an appointment. 

After a few moments, Bo found the non-descript storefront with Island Day Spa lettered over the door. Bo parked and winced as he got out and stood. He limped painfully to the door and entered. A door chime sounded as he stepped into the dimly lit reception area. After just a moment, a matronly oriental woman hurried up the hall. 

"Hello," she said, "How we help you?"

"I have an appointment," Bo said. 

The woman looked at a book, found an entry, and looked up, "You, Mr. Bo?"

He nodded and pushed a form across the desk. Bo filled it out quickly, listing his name, address, and symptoms. The woman took it, looked at it briefly and gestured to him, "Follow me."

Bo followed her through a door and down a short hall. She opened a door and gestured for him to enter. The room was small with the major feature being a massage table. There was a curtain at the rear of the room. 

The receptionist gestured at a towel folded neatly on the table and said, "Take off clothes, wrap towel around waist and lay down. Jade will be your masseuse She be in shortly." 

With that she was gone. Bo sighed. He wasn't quite sure if this would help and he really wasn't sure he wanted to go through with this. What the hell, he thought. He was here and, who knew, it might help. Quickly, he unbuttoned his shirt and shrugged out of it, draping it over the small chair. He kicked off his shoes, and unbuckled his belt, undid his belt, and shed his pants and underwear, folding them and putting them on the chair. Finally, he shrugged out of his t-shirt and placed it on top of his pants. He stepped to the table, wrapped the towel around his midsection, and lay down with a grimace. 

Bo tried to relax. The room was warm and dim, and there was some soft, oriental sounding music playing from an unseen source, and a sweet, incense-like smell wafted through the room. After just a moment, the door opened. 

"Hello." 

Bo turned his head and his eyes almost bugged out of his head. Jade smiled and Bo stuttered, "Um, hello." 

Unlike the matronly receptionist, Jade appeared to be in her mid-twenties. She was relatively short, maybe, 5'4" and slender, with long, jet black hair, large breasts and a tight ass that were accented by a white tank top and tight blue jeans. Bo wasn't sure what he had expected in a masseuse, but this wasn't it. After a moment of silence, Jade smiled and said, "Your hip hurting, yes?"

Bo nodded, "Yes." 

She put her hand on his lower back and he jumped, "I going to check out your hip, ok." 

Bo nodded and Jade began to probe his right lower back and hip. After a moment, Bo jumped and grunted. 

"Hurt there?," Jade asked, and Bo nodded. 

"I going to loosen up your back and legs, then I work on your hip," she said matter-of-factly. Bo nodded and watched as she pulled several bottles of oil from a warming bin. She began by squirting some down his back and then began to knead his back, starting at his shoulders and working down. It felt great and Bo felt his body relaxing. She worked down his back to his waist, moving carefully around the spot she had identified earlier. By the time she reached his waist, Bo was very relaxed. He hadn't slept well all week, and that combined with the warm room and the massage had him drifting in and out of sleep. He barely noticed when she squirted oil on the back of his legs and began to rub up his legs, beginning with his calves. Bo's mind drifted as Jade continued to work up his legs. He dreamed he could see Jade's breasts swaying in front of him and his breathing quickened as he saw her hands begin to squeeze and knead them, making the shiny with oil. 

Bo jerked awake as Jade pulled his towel aside and began to massage his glutes. She began to work the spot that hurt more firmly, pressing and rubbing. As she pressed him down, he blinked and swallowed hard as he realized that he had a rather large erection. At that moment, Jade turned him slightly, and bent his leg upward, allowing his erect cock to pop upward beneath the towel. Bo looked back and gasped. Jade was bent over his hip, applying pressure and kneading the muscle. In the position she was in, he could clearly see her ample cleavage and her swaying breasts. He quickly looked away, but his erection remained. His heart pounded as his mind raced to figure out what he'd do if she asked him to roll onto his back. Thankfully, she didn't, instead she rolled him back onto his stomach and straightened his leg. She worked on his hip and lower back a few more minutes, by which time, Bo's erection had subsided to wood status. 

"Done for today," Jade said, "but that muscle still tight. You come back in two days, 'kay?"

Bo nodded his assent and Jade took her bottles of oil and said, "Bye, bye, Mr. Bo. See you Thursday."

After the door closed, Bo rose, and stood, still trying to shake the vision of Jade's swaying tits from his mind. He dressed quickly, paid the matronly receptionist, and set up an appointment for Thursday. Though not 100%, his hip definitely felt better. Bo was grateful and looked forward to sleeping well that night. He went home, ate dinner and sat down to read with his wife as they watched TV. In no time, he was nodding off, so he excused himself and went to bed. He fell asleep quickly and slept through the night. Early the next morning, he dreamed of Jade. He could see her tits swaying in front of him and feel her oily hand gliding up and down his throbbing shaft. He groaned as she straddle him in his mind's eye and he buried his face between her breasts and guided her pussy onto his erection. In his dream, he began to thrust into her, the pressure in his balls soon becoming unbearable. Groaning he came hard, jerking awake as he ejaculated in his shorts. He groaned softly, rose and seeing that it was nearly time to get up, went ahead and padded to the shower. 

He had thought of Jade frequently that day, and though his back was continuing to improve, he decided to keep his follow up appointment, more to see Jade than because he thought he needed it. The following day had been a bitch at work, and Bo was nearly late and very stressed by the time he arrived for his appointment. He was greeted by the same receptionist and shown to the same room. He stripped, wrapped the towel around himself, and again lay on the table. A few moments later, Jade entered the room, and greeted him with a smile. 

"Welcome back, Mr. Bo," she said in her sing-song voice, "Glad to see you again. How is your hip?"

Bo told her that it was feeling better, but not 100%. Jade took out her oils and began to work on him, starting with his shoulders. She was dressed in a similar manner, a white tank top and tight blue jeans. 

As she began to knead his shoulders, she said, "Oh, Mr. Bo, you very tense today!"

Bo grunted, but didn't say anything. 

"No worry, I help you relax," she said. As the words left her mouth, she began to work his shoulders harder. As she bent to her task, Bo felt her breasts moving against his back as she did. He swallowed hard as his cock stirred and tried not to think of it. As she worked down his back, she stood taller and the sensation ended. As Jade continued to work, the loosening of his muscles and the warmth of the room again lulled Bo into a drowsy state. His mind returned to his dream and he imagined Jade's breasts swaying as he thrust into her from behind. His cock grew stiff beneath him as his dream deepened. He was so relaxed that he barely felt Jade roll him gently on his side and bend his knee as she had before. In his mind, they changed positions, with Bo now fucking her from the side, her breasts shaking with each thrust. 

Jade worked his hip, working it until the muscle was relaxed. She then reached down and gently rolled onto his back. Again, Bo barely stirred, dreaming again that the two had changed positions and that she was now straddling him, bouncing on his cock, her breasts swaying rhythmically with their thrusting. 

Jade applied oil to his legs and was working upward from his calves. She reached his thighs when Bo awoke with a start. It took him a moment to get his bearings, trying to figure out how he got to his back. He slowly opened his eyes, gulping as he looked at Jade's swaying breasts, and that his erect cock was making in the towel. Bo's face flushed and his mind raced as he tried to figure out what to do. There was no way Jade hadn't noticed his erection. Bo was embarrassed and unsure how much of a faux paux this was. He was still trying to sort out what to do when Jade's fingers moved beneath the towel still traveling up his thighs. Jade looked up at him and smiled, her fingers still kneading their way up his thighs. 

Softly, she said, "Ah, you awake, Mr. Bo."

Bo nodded weakly, unsure what to say.

Jade looked meaningfully at the tent in the towel and cooed softly, "Almost all of you is relaxed now," she paused, looking him in the eye, "would you like me to relax the rest of you?"

Bo's heart almost skipped a beat. For a moment, he didn't know what to do, but after a moment, he stammered thickly, "Yes."

Jade smiled and Bo jumped as he felt her warm, oily fingers begin to softly massage his scrotum. He closed his eyes, his breathing fast and shallow. Jade's fingers gently rubbed and tugged at his balls. The sensation was exquisite. Jade then pulled the towel off his mid-section, allowing his penis to spring upright. Jade gently grasped his shaft, squeezing it at the base, steadily and firmly, causing it swell and thicken more than Bo could ever remember. He was almost panting now, feeling the blood pounding in her shaft. Jade kept one hand on his shaft and with the other squeezed a stream of warm oil on his shaft. It felt so good Bo couldn't help but moan softly. Jade's hand began to move up and down his shaft slowly, moving from the base to just below the head. Bo's hands were balled into fists and his breathing was now ragged pants. Jade's hand picked up pace and increased it's pressure on his shaft. Bo's shaft felt like it might explode and he tried in vain to try and extend the pleasure he was feeling by trying to do long division in his head. It wasn't working. He could feel his balls tingling and the cum trying to push upward. Suddenly, Jade allowed her thumb and forefinger to caress the engorged head as she stroked. At the same time, she increased her pace and Bo could hold back no longer. He breathed in sharply as he felt his orgasm coming and then he let out a long, low moan as his penis erupted. Three, long strands of cum shot from his cock, followed by many more smaller ones. Bo's hips came off the table and he kept moaning as his cum covered Jade's hand. 

Slowly, she brought him down, slowing the pace and pressure, but continuing to stroke his shaft as it jerked lightly in her sticky fingers. Bo smiled as his breathing became steadier and deeper. Jade had his cum all over her hand and one of the initial shots of his cum and landed on her tank top. Bo exhaled and closed his eyes. When he opened them again, Jade had a warm, damp towel. She gently began to clean him and he sighed at the feeling. She stepped to the cabinet and as Bo sat up, she shrugged out of her soiled tank top and pulled a clean one out, and with it in her hand turned to face him. Bo's eyes widened as he got his first real glimpse of her breasts. They were better than he had imagined, large and soft, jiggling as she laughed softly.  

"See something you like, Mr. Bo," she asked playfully. 

Bo nodded appreciatively as she tugged it over her head. 

"Mr. Bo, I glad I could relax all of you today," she said with a smile, "You know, relaxation very good for body and soul. Perhaps you should get relaxed more often."

At the moment, the idea of seeing Jade more was all Bo wanted. "Could I get an appointment next week?" he asked. 

"Of course," she replied, "how 'bout next Thursday?"

Bo agreed and Jade gave him a peck on the cheek and was gone. He dressed and walked up front somewhat self consciously, wondering if the receptionist had heard his moans. If she did, she didn't let on and she took his payment and dutifully scheduled his next appointment. 

Bo couldn't get Jade out of his mind. All week, he thought of her oiled hand gliding up and down his cock, of his intense orgasm, and of her amazing tits. He thought Thursday would never come, and then Thursday turned into such a hellacious day at the office that he nearly forgot about it. At the last minute, he remembered, and though he still had work to do, he told his secretary he had an important appointment and rushed to the spa. 

He was about five minutes late arriving. Traffic was terrible and between that and the rest of his day, he was in a foul mood by the time he entered the spa. The receptionist greeted him and he nodded, but said nothing. After a few moments, a buzzer went off and she beckoned Bo to follow her. This time, she took him past the room he'd gone to before to the end of the hall. She opened the door and they proceeded down another short hall to another door. She opened this one and stepped into a room that was slightly larger than the room he'd been in previously, but it had one noticeable difference: in addition to the massage table, there was a full size bed. The receptionist motioned him in, told him to lie on the table, and then left the room. 

Bo's mind was reeling from the stressful day and now from the implications of the bed in the room. Bo stripped quickly and lay on his stomach, the towel around his waist, trying to relax. Jade entered a few moments later and smiled. She was dressed again in a simple white tank top, but today she wore a pair of tight jean shorts showing off a pair of firm, tanned legs. Bo smiled appreciatively, but said nothing. Jade seemed to sense his tension and said nothing but moved to his side quietly. Bo was so tense that he jumped when she touched him. 

"Poor baby," she cooed and began to knead his taut shoulders and neck. Jade worked up and down his back, slowly loosening his muscles. She gently stroked his head and neck and to his surprise, he became so relaxed that he drifted off. Jade gently removed the towel around his waist and massaged the back of his legs and his glutes. Then, gently, she rolled him to his side and pushed his right leg upward. She again massaged the spot on his hip that had brought him there in the first place. Then, her fingers moved down and begin to lightly caress his scrotum. Bo's breathing began to quicken and his penis began to thicken. 

Bo's eyes opened and he smiled and rolled onto his back. Jade met his eyes as one hand continued to caress his balls and the other fondled his growing penis. Jade reached for his hand and pulled him into a sitting position, guided him to the bed and motioned for him to lie down again. He did and Jade straddled his legs and reached for his cock again. Bo sighed as Jade's soft, oily hands again began to stroke him. She stroked him for a few moments, letting it grow hard and rigid in her hand. Bo had closed his eyes, but opened them when she released him. Her eyes were locked on his as she took the hem of her top in her hands and pulled it seductively over her head, tossing it to the floor. Bo was mesmerized as she again began to rub shaft. Her breasts swayed gently as her hand moved. After a few moments, Jade reached for the bottle of oil beside the bed. Bo's eyes were locked on her as she drizzled oil over both her breasts and down the valley between them. She put the bottle back on the table and took Bo's hands and placed them on her breasts. 

"Mmm," Bo sighed as his hands closed around her big, soft breasts. They felt incredible in his hands and he began to knead and squeeze them, gently stroking her rising nipples with his thumbs. Jade sighed and continued to minister to his shiny cock, moving her hands up and down the shaft and squeezing firmly. Jade leaned over, letting her breasts rest on his chest. Slowly, she moved them down over his stomach so that the tip of his cock touched them. Then she moved back up, rubbing her breasts over him. Back and forth she went, each time, letting her breasts touch the tip of his erection. It felt so good that Bo moaned softly. Jade then took his hands in hers and placed them at his sides. Then, she took her breasts in her hands and began to knead them herself. Bo watched mesmerized as she pulled on her erect nipples. Again, she met his eyes and held them as she bent and engulfed his shaft with her breasts. Bo's eyes widened and he swallowed hard as Jade began to move them up and down on his turgid shaft, squeezing them together firmly as she moved up and down. Bo moaned again, his desire growing by the second. 

Bo felt himself getting close, and Jade must have sensed it too as she released his cock from between her heavy tits and sat back. 

"How you want to finish?" she asked softly. She put her finger on her lips and let it linger, then let it slide down between her tits and pause, and then finally slid it down to her crotch. Bo tried to speak but his mouth was too dry. He swallowed and reached up and put his hand on the crotch of her shorts. Jade nodded and rotated off the bed, stood, and with one motion, removed her shorts and panties. Bo licked his lips. Jade's butt looked amazing, big and soft, and her sex was smooth and hairless, and by the scent Bo inhaled, already damp. Jade reclined beside him on the bed and reached for the bottle of oil. She poured some on her hip and Bo watched as it made it's way down and found it's way to her mound. Then, she took Bo's left hand and squirted some in, her eyes telling him what to do. 

Without a word, he reached over and began to gently rub her sex. Jade closed her eyes and moaned softly as his fingers began to work the folds of her womanhood. Her hand searched and found his cock again and resumed a slow, steady stroke. Her breasts were right in Bo's face and he began to kiss them lightly. Bo's fingers began to penetrate Jade's pussy gently and she began to move slowly against his hand. His thumb found her clit and began to circle it firmly. Jade groaned and rolled Bo onto his back, straddling him again. Her hand guided his shaft to her pussy and she leaned over him, so that his erection was grinding against it. Bo's hand caressed her soft ass as it ground against his and his eyes were fixed on Jade's swaying tits inches from his face. 

With both of their sexes oiled, it only took seconds for Bo to slip inside Jade. Both of them let out a cry of pleasure as their bodies joined. At first, Jade drug her breasts across his chest as he thrust steadily into her, but as their tempo and pleasure grew, she pushed herself back, her hands on Bo's chest as they moved together. Bo squeezed her bottom, pressing her clitoris against his shaft, driving her pleasure higher and higher. Her breasts bounced and shook with each thrust, fueling his desire even more. 

Jade began to gasp with each thrust, then moan, and then she began to cry out with each one as her orgasm approached. 

"Mr. Bo!" she moaned, "Mr. Bo! Fuck me, Mr. Bo! Ohhh, fuck me! Yeah! Oh, baby! Yes! Yes! Yes!"

Suddenly, every muscle in Jade's body stiffened. Her mouth opened, but no sound came out, and she arched her back trying to drive his shaft deeper. Then, as if released from the hold of an unseen hand, she drew in a breath and began to scream and cry out as her orgasm crashed over her in wave after wave. 
