 John sat gazing out of the floor to ceiling window, looking out on to the manicured grounds of The Spa, happy with life and his business. He smiled to himself as he pondered his business, its sound business foundations now allowed him to merely steer its course and enjoy the fruits of his labour. The day-to-day running pretty much looked after itself almost, his clientele a select group of the who's who of leafy county life. His well chosen and motivated staff proved their worth time and time again. He wasn't really working he was living out his fantasies with several of his staff and clients whilst reaping the financial rewards at the same time.

He was snatched from his thoughts by his trusted PA and long time lover, Sonia, who today was wearing a dark grey business suit, the skirt tight and respectably short; the two buttoned fitted jacket, worn over nothing but a black lace bra holding back her 36E breasts. Her black stockings and heels completed her sophisticated sexy PA look and in turn John's fantasy.

In that very moment, the sexy sight of Sonia caused his cock to stir and he knew he had to have her.

"Morning John. Is there anything I can do for you?"

"Morning Sonia. Yes there is, but I pay you to be my PA and as such I expect you to know what I require from you"

"Perhaps I need a little guidance?" recognising the game her boss wanted to play.

"Perhaps you do, but judging by the outfit you have chosen to wear today, you know what I like and want from my staff."

"I'm glad you like it"

"I do. I wonder, what did your husband think of it when you left the house this morning?"

"I don't know, he didn't say."

"Do you think he approves of you wearing such risqué outfits to work?"

"I'm not sure, he knows I like to look my best."

"Do you know what affect that outfit has on your boss Sonia?"

"I think it turns my boss on!"

"And do you think that's appropriate behaviour at work Sonia?"

"Yes I do boss, after all, I am your personal assistant and as such I have to know what pleases my boss, isn't that right?"

"Yes it is. Now come around to this side of the desk" John slid his chair away from the desk affording Sonia more room, " Slowly slip that jacket off and let me see your sexy lingerie that you have so carefully chosen for me."

Sonia slowly unbuttoned the jacket and slid it off her shoulders, revealing her bulging black lace bra, her tanned cleavage and round breasts.

John's cock was twitching in his trousers, at just the sight of Sonia's bra covered breasts; by his own admission, breasts were his weakness. He couldn't put his finger on why; he loved the swell of the breast, the variation in women's nipples and the sight of them in various pieces of lingerie. He couldn't resist a quick look when he caught sight of a tempting cleavage.

"Mmm, very nice you've chosen well there, now slip the skirt off for me I'd like to see the rest of the outfit."

Dutifully, Sonia unzipped the skirt and slid it down her legs, revealing her suspender belt, black stockings and matching g-string. Once off, she stood in between John's open legs posing for him, her hands on her hips, one hip pushed slightly forward, pushing her large bosom forward.

"Do you approve boss?"

"Give me your hand and I'll show you my approval" taking Sonia's outstretched hand he placed it on his hardening cock, "That's my approval"

"And what would you like me to do with that?"

"It would appear that you do need some guidance. When you get this sort of approval I want you on your knees and sucking my cock. Do you understand?"

"Yes boss"

With that Sonia sank to her knees, undid John's trousers and pulled them down, revealing the object of her desire, his cock.

John closed his eyes as he felt Sonia's warm, wet mouth engulf his cock, slowly moving up and down his shaft. Then she licked the entire length before swallowing it once more.

He felt the vibration on his cock as she hummed her appreciation of his cock, his hands reaching down and taking hold of one of her huge breasts, feeling her hard nipple through the lace fabric of the bra.

The weight of her breast bulging in his hand still surprised him, but he never grew tired of her sinful body.

He smiled to himself as he caught sight of her wedding ring sparkling in the sunlight as she masturbated his cock in her mouth.

"Mmm, I love your cock in my mouth, my bosses cock, the way it feels, its size and how it fills me up."

John's gaze caught the fabulous sight of her huge fleshy breasts wobbling in her bra as she masturbated him.

"Tell me what you want boss, I want to be your perfect PA."

"Sonia I want to fuck those big tits of yours and come all over them"

Without a word Sonia knelt back, reached behind her back, and unclasped her bra as John sat back watching the tension release from the bra and her breasts come into sight.

"So, you want to fuck your PA's tits do you?" Sonia teased John as she massaged her breasts and pulled on her already hard nipples. "You want your hard cock in between my big, soft fleshy breasts and fuck them until you come all over them do you?"

"Yes"

"You want to treat your PA like a slut do you?"

"Yes I do, because that's what she is, a cock hungry slut that loves getting hold of her bosses cock."

Sonia lifted her breasts to her mouth and began licking her hard nipples; putting on a performance a porn star would be proud of, all for the benefit of her boss.

"Isn't that right Sonia? You're a cock hungry slut, desperate for her bosses cock!"

"Uh huh"

"Good, now let me hear you say it."

"I'm your cock hungry PA, I'll do anything to get hold of my bosses cock." Sonia's mouth returning to Johns cock, resuming her earlier blowjob.

"Mm, that does feel good Sonia, but what did I say I wanted you to do?"

"You wanted to fuck my tits boss, like a slut."

"That's right"

Sonia moved her breasts closer, as John sat on the edge on his seat, his cock standing upright in his lap. She moved his cock into her cleavage and wrapped her breasts around his cock, "How does that feel?"

"Great, but I want to see you stroke my cock with those fabulous tits of yours now."

Sonia slowly began to move her breasts up and down his cock, finding her rhythm first then increasing the pace, spitting on John's cock for lubrication like a true slut.

"Oh yeah that's good Sonia, I like that, your tits are mine for fucking aren't they?"

"Yeah"

"Say it Sonia, I need to hear the words"

"John, my tits are yours to fuck and suck anytime."

Moving her tits up and down his cock she increased the tempo and the dirty talk she knew John enjoyed, "That's it John, feel my big tits around your cock, fuck them john, fuck them with your lovely hard cock."

To enhance John's enjoyment even further, on every upward stroke of John's cock Sonia would lick the tip. As his strokes became longer she would let the head slip in to her mouth, giving John best of both.

"Oh yeah that's it baby, that feels so good, I'm nearly there just keep going"

"I will, I want your cum all over my big tits John."

After a few strokes more John felt the unmistakable feeling of his orgasm rising, quickly followed by the release. The first, shooting straight up Sonia's cleavage, the second on to her right breast and the remainder he aimed toward her left breast.

As John sat back in his chair, Sonia kept going with the show, sitting back on her heels she lifted her left breast to her mouth and licked the cum off it, all the while moaning with pleasure and keeping eye contact with John.

"Now that's what I call a morning meeting, we should make it a regular thing."

John laughed as he lent down and gave Sonia a loving kiss; "I'd better put it in the diary then boss" 

Leaning back in his chair he simply admired Sonia's fantastic body as she put her clothes back on, checking her hair and make-up in his small bathroom. To him she was pretty close to perfection, sexy body, intelligent, a great personality; they understood each other and respected each other's boundaries. Never once had they let their urges for each other interfere with business and their home lives. Sonia's husband was well aware of what was going on, Sonia, on occasion had assisted John seducing other women. In short, John had what a lot guys at one time or another had fantasised about. He thanked his lucky stars every day and made sure he appreciated all he had worked for.

"Right I've got some paperwork to be getting on with, boss, I'll see you later" and with that he was alone in his office again.

John sat there for a moment longer before starting his daily workload, a hard struggle as he was fighting with post orgasm fatigue, after an hour of slow progress he decided that fresh air and a coffee would sort him out. He walked out to his car and drove into town, his destination, the local coffee shop where he knew he could sit in his favourite sofa in the shop window and watch the world walk by.

Maria, the storeowners wife, a pleasant looking Italian girl, slim, perky breasts, brunette and about 25, flirted with him as usual. Of course John flirted back mercilessly, enjoying the sport, and ego boost that came with it. At end of the game he ordered his coffee and sat in the vacant sofa, watching the Italian move around the counter preparing his drink. Every so often he caught her eye as she looked over to him, their eyes met and both gave a smile, each thoughts their own, one-day hopefully to be realised.

Maria brought his coffee over, leaning down over the table as she placed his coffee before him; John glanced at her gaping blouse, her cleavage enticing and full of promise. 

"Mm, thanks Maria that looks delicious" he flirted as he watched her turn and walk back to the counter, his attention solely on her tight ass swaying as she walked. He picked up the music magazine sitting on the table and began loosing himself in the latest album releases and concert reviews.

He had got no idea of how long he'd been sat there reading when he was brought back from his world of rock and roll by a familiar voice behind him. Not turning from his seat, he sat and listened to the familiar voices conversation, as it now appeared to be more interesting than his current read. From what he could gather the voice had fallen on hard times and the mortgage company was losing out and apparently wasn't happy with this situation. The voice had explained she had been furiously job-hunting; in fact he overheard her explain that she had just come back from an interview, but he surmised from the tone she used, it had not gone well.

He knew the voice well; it belonged to a woman from his past, for whom he held a bit of a candle. She was about five years older than him, he knew she was married eight years ago when he last saw her, but whether she still was remained to be answered. When he thought of her, he immediately thought of her figure, well her large round breasts to be precise. Watching how they moved with a gentle bounce as she walked toward him in his memory, she was indeed someone he would like to renew his acquaintance with.

He turned around as soon as the voice hung up the phone, her face looked up at him upon sensing the movement. The recognition for both of them was instantaneous and met with warm smiles on both parties' faces. However on Kate's face it soon turned to embarrassment as she realised John had obviously heard her last outburst on the phone.

"How about another coffee, sounds like you could use one?" John asked trying to calm her embarrassment.

"Sure why not" 

Soon they were catching up, John not wanting to probe too deep, but rather letting Kate unload her troubles. Gradually she explained about her husband's jealousy over her successful career, which led to him leaving her for another woman. She had just about been able to buy him out of the marital home but it had been a stretch financially for her, but then came the recession and her company felt the pinch big time and redundancies were plentiful, Kate's being one of them. That was nearly two years ago, there hadn't been any success on the job front, only the odd temp job here and there, which had hardly touched the surface of her deep lake of debt. The house had been on the market for months so she could pay off her debts, but due to her near 100% mortgage the price she needed to sell at to pay off the mortgage was now well over the market value. The phone call John had over heard was the mortgage company informing her that their next step was to start repossession proceedings if she didn't address her arrears in the next 4 weeks. Kate was nearing rock bottom and couldn't see a way out.

Finishing her coffee Kate, began to get her handbag and prepare to leave, "John its been great catching up, but I feel anymore of my depressing life and you'll not want to talk to me again"

"On the contrary Kate, I have a feeling I may be able to offer you a life line, can you be at The Spa at 11am tomorrow for an interview?"

"What! Oh my god, after all that your offering me a job? Oh my god John that's great, oh I'll never let you down, and I owe you John."

"Hey wait a second, I'm offering you an interview, I can't just give you the job, you need to impress me tomorrow Kate, do you think you can do that?" Brushing her hand as he finished the sentence.

"Oh god sorry John that's what I meant I just got excited, of course we need to have an interview, I hope I can impress, thankyou" she stood leaning across the table to kiss John's cheek, John's eyes going straight for the view of her cleavage that was presented to him. "Mmm she still has great tits," John thought to himself. 

"See you tomorrow John" he watched her walk out of the shop and away down the street, his eyes fixed firmly on her peachy ass swaying as she went.

As John walked into the office he was met by Sonia, "Can you make sure I'm free from 11am tomorrow I've got a potential for the reception managers job."

"Sure, are you going to let me know who it is or is it a surprise!" she joked.

"Kate Sanders, I knew her from way back and she's in a jam, so I thought I could see if I could help her out."

"No problem I'll have it all ready for you."

John sat at his desk and thought back to his memories of Kate, comparing her now, to the Kate of his memories. Her figure seemed not to have changed, her breasts still just as large and luscious as he remembered. Her trim waist hadn't gained any girth and her legs just as long and tanned, as they had been when he first lusted after her. Her facial features appeared just as before only now her smile seemed dulled some what with the stress she was currently experiencing.

John's smile too now dulled as he thought back to Kate's rejection of his advances eight years ago, he remembered Kate sniggering at his suggestion they went out together, instead she chose to go out with her the man she would marry. Ironically he was the same husband that she had talked about leaving her when they met in the coffee shop. He doubted she would snigger at the proposal he had planned for her this time.

With that thought he picked up his mobile and left The Spa for the day, looking forward to tomorrows fun and games.

John's morning dragged on in anticipation of his 11am appointment, but finally the phone on his desk buzzed and Sonia announced Kate's arrival. He tidied a few papers on his desk waiting for his office door to open and Kate to walk in closely followed by Sonia.

"Can I get you anything Kate? Tea, coffee, water?"

"A water would be fine thanks"

"John what about you?"

"Just a coffee thanks Sonia"

Kate was wearing a two-piece beige tailored business suit, the jacket fit her perfectly and the two buttons accentuated her trim waist; her large breasts teasingly hidden behind a cream silk blouse. The blouse unbuttoned just enough to show the world she had a cleavage, but not so much as to cheapen the outfit. The skirt was short, but not as near short as Sonia's, her legs covered a skin coloured stockings and the outfit finished off with a pair of brown 2 inch heels. John was impressed so far; Kate certainly hadn't lost any of her style.

"Great to see you Kate, hope you found the place ok? Now lets sit over here." John ushered Kate over to the other end of his office where he had a cream leather modular sofa, a low expensive looking wooden coffee table which was sat on a modern looking rug. As Kate sat she quickly admired the view in front of her through the full height windows, crossing her legs she turned back to the room and John who was sitting next to her.

"Thanks again John for this opportunity, its really appreciated."

"No problem Kate but remember this is an interview, you still have to impress me, I'm not just going to give you the job because of your situation."

"No of course not John I didn't expect you to."

At that moment Sonia returned with the drinks handing them out, Kate couldn't help but notice the short skirt and huge amount of cleavage that Sonia was displaying, but didn't think too much of it.

As Sonia left the office John opened up the conversation by explaining the history behind The Spa, its secrecy and its exclusive clientele. He went on to explain to her about how he had built it up and spent a long while explaining to Kate how loyal his staff were, how they were considered to be a family of sorts and how they had been rewarded with holidays, parties and other extravagances.

Kate sat and listened to all he had to say, taking note of the references he made to his staff and how close they all were and the secrecy of the clients. It all sounded wonderful and something that she could involve herself in.

"So Kate does that sound like sort of place you could see yourself getting involved with?"

"Absolutely John, it sounds perfect, I'm a keen advocate of rewarding staff and can believe the loyalty you receive from your staff."

"Good, now the position I'm considering you for is that of the reception manager, you'll have a team of three and you are the first point of contact clients have of The Spa and as such I demand the highest of standards, something I expect you to demonstrate and pass on to your staff." Kate nodded and smiled as he explained what was expected of her, "I expect you to embrace a close knit team spirit, encouraging your team members personally and using your initiative to motivate them and other members of staff. You'll also be reporting to me on a regular basis and I like to work closely with my key members of staff and therefore I need someone who I can get along with, personally and professionally. Is that a role you think you can embrace enthusiastically, as you will need to hit the ground running Kate?"

"Definitely John, I mean you know me from way back and as for my professional background you have by resume and all the references can vouch for my conduct. I whole-heartedly agree with the attitude that the reception is the face of The Spa and would be enthusiastically passing that on to my staff." 

"That's all well and good Kate but we're not living in the past, things have changed Kate, your having major financial troubles and I'm after someone I can rely on; someone who I can work closely with and most of all trust, there's a lot of things we like to keep inside The Spa and this is why we have so many loyal clients. Do you think you can maintain that secrecy Kate, remain loyal and work closely with me?" John gently placed his right hand on Kate's left knee leaving it there for several seconds before removing it. Kate only looked down at it, she didn't make any reference to it, "I think so John."

"Kate, I think so isn't filling me with confidence. I need more from you Kate; you need to impress me. I'm looking to see you demonstrate your enthusiasm for the role, I'm offering you a fantastic solution; I'm willing to pay off your mortgage arrears upon you signing the contract, in effect I'm giving you a way out of your financial crisis." John's hand returned to her knee, this time he stroked her leg as he did so, "Do you understand what I'm both offering and asking of you in return?"
