 Let me introduce myself, my name is John and I've been married to Jenny for 5 years. We've always had a pretty good sex life, usual stuff, couple of times a week, conventional bedroom stuff but my story is about how we broke out of that. 

A few months ago Jenny and I began to realise that our sex life was become, well frankly quite boring. I love nothing more than stick my thick cock in Jenny's wet and inviting cunt, but it was always me on top, in our bed and always in the evening, trouble was we didn't know how to break out. One night as we were getting ready for bed Jenny told me about an article she'd read about improving your sex life and one of the things suggested was to bet each other on something to do based on the highest roll of a dice. Who ever got the best score got to choose what they other one had to do. The article had said to be real daring because you never knew until you asked what your partner really was game for. 'Why don't we give it a try' Jenny said. I agreed and we sat down to work out the details. 'How does it work' I asked, 'well she said we both decide on something the other has to do and then roll the dice.'

'What if I don't want to do what you tell me?,'

'Then you have to buy me the gift of my choice as expensive as I like.'

'OK' I said 'lets give it a go.'

'Hold on,' said Jenny 'you have to declare the task first.'

'OK' I said what do I have to do if I lose?.' Jenny grinned, 'If you lose you have to lick out my cunt until I come on your face'

'Sounds good' I said, 'and me' she asked?. If you lose I want to fuck the biggest household object I can physically get in your cunt, agreed?.'

'Agreed' she said.

Jenny rolled first and got a three, I rolled next and got a four, 'so I lose' she said 'what do you want me to fuck for you?' I knew exactly and dashed downstairs and got a cucumber from the fridge. Jenny's eyes lit up when she saw it, it took her all of twenty seconds to strip and spread her legs. Rubbing the end up and down her clit I could see she was enjoying the thought and as soon as it was wet enough she pushed it into her tight pussy. A look of surprise went across her face, 'too big' I asked, 'no cold' she said 'but that's good.' As she eased more and more of the length in I could see the lips of her cunt stretching wider and wider. She then began a slow rhythmic pace sliding the cucumber in and out of her wet pussy.

The sight was too much for me and I pulled out my cock and began to wank it. Jenny had her eyes closed at first and didn't see me frantically beating my meat, she was too busy getting steamed up on the cucumber. At last she looked in my direction and seeing my hand flying up and down my cock said 'oh you poor boy nothing to stick it in.'

'Hey how much do you really want to spice things up' she asked. 'As much as you like' I said, 'In which case how would you like to fuck my ass while I ride this' she said working the cucumber up and down inside her. I couldn't believe this was my pretty little wife who'd always been so tame was asking me to ass fuck her but the idea was getting me really hot, 'I'd love to' I cried. Jenny took a jar of Vaseline out of the bedside draw and smeared it over my erect hard cock. She turned over on to her front and stuck her cute tight asshole at me. I could see her tight little arsehole just waiting and I smeared a little of the Vaseline around her hole and eased the head of my cock in. I couldn't believe how easily it went in. Jenny cried out and started working the cucumber harder in her cunt, 'oh fuck me' she cried 'unload your hot cum in my ass' I didn't believe I was hearing this from my shy little wife and fucked her ass for all I was worth. I knew she wasn't far off her orgasm and as she peaked I felt my own hot creamy load shoot into her asshole. 

Jenny rolled over and pulled the cucumber our, her cunt juices flowed all over the bed, she had experienced the most massive cum and my cock was throbbing from the pounding I'd given her ass.

As we lay there after she smiled at me. 'So does that help' she asked, 'sure does' I replied, That was the best fuck we've had in ages. 'Well now you've got the idea' she continued 'lets set the tasks for next time.'

'You first' she said, 'Hummm, OK he's a good one, if I win I want you to fuck me in my office at work.'

'Nice one' she said 'and if I win I want you to fuck Grace Roberts next door...'

To Be Continued...