 Algebra and trigonometry usually bore the hell out of students. I teach both and try to make my classes fun as well as an effective learning experience. My wife, Lois, is the nurse for two elementary schools. By the way, my name is Robert, but I'm better known as Bob.

At the beginning of our school system's final week of summer vacation, we were nosily watching movers unload the truck which was in the driveway of our new next-door neighbor. The realtor had told Lois that the newcomer's name is Helen and that she's a teacher.

Helen came outside wearing a snug-fitting top and ass-hugging cutoffs. Jesus! Terrific tits, gorgeous mile-long legs and an ass to die for. Just looking made my balls come alive. I wished I was close enough to check out her nipples.

"To be neighborly," Lois said, "I was going to send you over there with a sandwich and some lemonade so she wouldn't have to bother about fixing lunch. But, I may not bother in order to take advantage of your tongue that's hanging out."

"It's only ten-thirty, so there's plenty of time for you to enjoy my tongue and still fix her some lunch."

"You've talked me into it. Want to mess around right here or go to bed?"

"Let's go to bed. Last one undressed has to suck the other one first."

I took enough time to let her get undressed first. Then, I sucked her delectable cunt and enjoyed several servings of her succulent come.

After she gave me a mind-boggling blowjob, and as soon as I again was hard enough, we had a slow fuck, with Lois on top. 

* * * * *

Later, holding a wrapped sandwich and a glass of lemonade, I rang Helen's doorbell. When she answered, I immediately checked out her braless boobs. Very-inviting nipples.

"Hi, I'm Bob. I live next door. My wife sent me over with some lunch so you won't have to bother."

"That certainly is thoughtful. I'm Helen. Please come in."

"OK, but just for a few minutes, then I'll get out of your hair." I glanced down to where her cutoffs hugged her crotch and thought how I'd like to get into the hair down there. Quit thinking with your prick I told myself. When I looked up, her slight smile told me that she realized where I had been looking.

"The realtor told my wife you're a teacher and that you're from somewhere up north," I said as I admired her ass on the way to her kitchen.

"That's right. I teach English and Literature, and I'll start here when school begins next week. Have a seat while I eat." I'd sure like to eat you, I thought.

We discussed school and the area in general. "It's really none of my business, but if you don't mind telling me, are you single, married, widowed or divorced?"

She laughed. "I don't mind a bit. I'm thirty-five and single. I just haven't met a man who interested me enough to even consider marrying him. Now, I don't mean to seem rude, but if you'll excuse me I have a lot of unpacking to do this afternoon."

"I've enjoyed talking to you," I said as I stuck out my hand, which she shook. I imagined how much I'd like to have her hand on my bare crotch. I've got to quit thinking with my prick.

* * * * * 

About a month later, we were yakking in her front yard when she asked, "How well do you know Charlie Burke?"

"I hardly know him, other than that he teaches at our school. And I don't particularly like him."

"For several weeks he's been coming on strong, even though I've done nothing to encourage him. He asked me for a date, but I turned him down. He gives me the creeps."

"Frankly, I think the guy's a total jerk. And he certainly doesn't deserve anyone as sexy and desirable as you are." 

"Are you serious?"

"Sure. Well, maybe he's not a total jerk, but definitely a jerk."

"No, I mean are you serious about me being sexy and desirable?"

"Of course. I'd like to show you just how much."

"Are you serious?"

"About showing you how much? Any time you'd like."

"What would Lois think about that?"

"What she doesn't know won't hurt her."

"You can't be serious."

I looked into her eyes. "I'm very serious."

"When?"

"Lois is going to visit her sister over the weekend. How about Saturday morning?"

She smiled nervously. "If you're sure you want to."

"I'm very sure. How about you?"

She grinned and put her hand on my arm. "I'm very sure." 

* * * * *

Saturday morning, she answered the door barefooted and in a shorty robe. 

"Hi," she nervously welcomed me. "Come into my parlor said the spider to the fly." 

"I hope you're talking about the spidery place between your legs and the fly in my pants. Are you wearing anything under that robe?"

"Should I be?"

"You should do whatever you like, you sexy lady."

'I didn't know if I should be dressed or undressed. I thought about answering the door naked. I sure would have been surprised if it had been someone other than you."

"You look terrific dressed and I can't wait to see you.undressed. I already undress you with my eyes every time I see you."

"Seriously?"

"Why do you keep asking me that? Yes, seriously. In fact, I often undress you in my mind when I'm not with you."

"You mean you think of me when we're not together?"

"Frequently."

"I sometimes think of you too. A lot lately. Since I've never done anything like this, do you mind if I kiss you?"

"Mind? I wanted to kiss you the first time I saw you."

I took her in my arms and we kissed passionately, mouths open, tongues probing and lips sucking. She's an outstanding kisser.

When we broke for air, she said, "Since we talked out in the yard, I've wondered what all we'd do this morning. Before you got here, I was reading the letters in a Penthouse magazine I took away from a girl in class. In my opinion, the words used to describe body parts and actions are far more descriptive and provocative than the proper ones. Reading those letters made me so wet that I wished you were here. Well, you are here. Now what?"

"Helen, this isn't a planned program. Since neither of us have ever done anything like this, I have no more idea than you do what will happen next. I know that I want to kiss you again and have both of us get undressed."

As I kiss her, I grabbed her ass and pulled her against my raging hard-on. She put her hands on my butt and pulled us even closer. When our kiss finally ended, I opened her robe. She had nothing on beneath it.

I moved her away from me and looked at her breasts, sleek body and furry pussy. I fondled hard nipples. I dipped my head to gently but eagerly sucked them. When I raised my head, she looked at me tenderly, having watched me enjoy her luscious tits. 

"To use the words you like in the Penthouse letters," I said, "I want to put my prick in your wet cunt and fuck the come out of you. I bought some condoms so we won't have to worry about impregnating you."

"I love the dirty words you're using, Bob, and I'm sorry you wasted money on condoms. I had female trouble six years ago and had to have a hysterectomy. So you can come in me as many times as you're able to."

I carried her to a bedroom. She laid spread-legged on the bed while I undressed.

"Jesus, Helen, you're even sexier looking than I imagined. Your cunt's so wet and inviting that I want to fuck you and suck you at the same time.

She was hungrily eyeing my crotch. "Your prick looks far more delicious and desirable than any I saw in Penthouse. When do I get to enjoy it inside me?"

My cock was throbbing and dripping pre-come. "I want to fuck you in a position that's a favorite of mine and one I think you'll like. Lie on your side." 

When she did, I laid behind her, lifted her top leg, then put my top leg across her bottom one. Then I snuggled up to her so that my prick nestled against her cunt lips. 

"Press my prick against your clit while I move up and down against it and play with your gorgeous breasts."

When she pressed me against her clit, I thought my balls would burst. I started pumping my hard-on between her hand and slit. She got wetter and wetter. I moved down just enough that the pressure of her hand pushed my prick into her juicy cunt. I plunged in up to my balls, then stopped to let her feel me throb deep inside her. She flexed her vaginal muscles. Then, I fucked her fast as I fondled her tits. 

"O-o-oh, Bob. I'm going to come. And I'm going to tighten my cunt muscles enough to suck the come out of you." She came just before I joined her in an earthshaking orgasm. Her warm juice oozed onto her legs and my balls. What a wonderful feeling.

"That was one helluva fuck," she said breathlessly. "Your prick still feels good inside of me, even though it's not as hard as it was." She lifted my hand from her breast, kissed my palm, then licked it. 

"I want to fuck you again, either in the missionary position or with you straddling me, but I won't be able to get a good hard-on right away.. Meanwhile, I could eat your pussy."

"Why don't we wash ourselves and eat lunch? Then we can come back to bed to do both and then some."

"Helen, you are my kind of woman."

She slipped into her robe and I put on my pants. We went to the kitchen, where she fixed two hot dogs in the microwave while I used the powdered stuff to make us glasses of iced tea.

While we ate, we talked about sex. She told me she had fucked only four times before this afternoon, and had been gratified just once. She said she frequently masturbated, thinking about things she'd like to do or have done to her, until she came. She told me I was the first person to suck her tits since she and a girlfriend had sucked each other when they were thirteen.

"I love talking dirty with you. And I'm getting wet just thinking about you licking my pussy. My roommate at college wanted to do it, but I was too embarrassed to let another woman touch me there, let alone lick me there.

"I've never had a prick in my mouth, and I've never thought I'd want to. Now, I want to suck you the way they describe blowjobs in Penthouse. I think I want you to come in my mouth, but I may change my mind. And until it actually happens, I have no idea whether or not I'll like the taste of come or if I'll want to swallow it."

I stood and opened my fly. "Take a look at the hard thing you've caused and all the pre-come on the knob." She surprised me when she leaned forward and licked the wetness. "Uum, that has a nice taste. I'm looking forward to tasting your come."

"Well, sexy lady, you're just going to have to wait until you've spread your legs while I eat you, then have you sit on my face while I suck your pretty cunt and feel your come pour into my mouth.

"I'm more than ready. Come on, let's go."

I put a pillow under her ass to tilt her cunt so I could more easily lick every wet part of it. I spread the pretty pink lips and for several minutes licked top-to-bottom and side-to-side. She was oohing and moving so much that I had to hold her still while I pushed my tongue into her as far as I could. When I paused to get my breath, I glanced at her cute asshole, then kissed it before I licked it wetly. I rubbed her where my tongue had been as I put my mouth over her clit and began sucking. She grabbed my head, bucked against my face and came like she never would stop. The taste was heavenly, and I wanted more.

"I want to make you come again. Sit over my face so when I suck your clit some more, your delicious come will run right down my throat."

As soon as her furry snatch neared my face, I stabbed my tongue into the wonderful wet slit. I fucked her with my tongue as fast as I could. Then I opened my mouth as wide as I could, and covered the bottom of her cunt and her asshole while my tongue licked the area. I did the same thing at the top of her cunt, then brought my lips together around her clit and sucked it. Moments later, her weight dropped onto my face and pushed my nose against her asshole as a torrent of come gushed into my mouth and down my throat. Then, she fell forward onto my stomach as I finished lapping all the come I could get my tongue on.

"Well, hello there," she murmured as she wrapped one hand around my prick and fondled my balls with the other. "Let's see how much of your cock I can get in my mouth." 

She either had learned a lot from the letters in Penthouse or truly enjoyed what she was doing and instinctively did things with her lips and tongue that soon had me ready to come. 

I reached and kissed her cunt, then warned her, "Unless you want a huge amount of come in your mouth, you'd better stop what you're doing because I'm going to blow my wad." She continued sucking as I came. She swallowed it and kept sucking. Then she climbed off me and said, "You're right. Come tastes delicious. I want to suck you again."

When we French kissed, we tasted each other's come and loved it.

"Helen, you are one hot babe, and I'll be able to get hard enough for fucking very soon. You've sucked a lot of energy out of me, so I don't think I can do justice to fucking you in the missionary position. But you can sit on my prick and move up and down while I hump you back. We fucked till we each came. 

She moved beside me and looked into my eyes. "I feel like a wanton woman with you. I wish you could stay here all night, but if you did, we'd be asking for trouble. I probably am going to be sore from all the unaccustomed pleasure you've given me today. Nevertheless, since Lois won't be home until late tomorrow, I hope we can have more sex tomorrow morning. Are you interested?"

"Are you serious?" I asked with a big grin. "You bet your boobs I'm interested, baby doll. I can't get enough of you."

"I hope we don't wear out this newfound passion we share," she said, "but there are so many thing I want to do with you. I definitely want to suck you again. And fuck different positions and different places in the house. I want your tongue in my mouth, and on my tits, my cunt, and my asshole. I'd like to shower with you and be in a tubful of soapy water with you. I want to hold your prick between my tits and have you fuck them. I want to look at your gorgeous prick and balls, and jack you off so I can watch you come. 

"Why don't you get dressed and give me another of those wonderful open-mouth kisses? Then, you better leave through the back door so any neighbors who saw you come in won't know how long you've been here."

When I was dressed and finally ready to leave, I had a hard-on from looking at her tits and sucking them, from fondling her wet pussy and licking my fingers, and from French kissing her as she stroked my prick. She promised she'd be naked when I came back the next morning.

Bless you, Charlie Burke, for being such a jerk. Without you, I might not be starting a wonderful affair with Helen.