 Gloria had just about had her fill of the Company for whom she had worked for the last five years. It seemed however much you tried to please them it made no difference and she felt overworked and undervalued. Because of the long hours she had been putting in, her boyfriend had ditched her and it certainly seemed like all work and no play.

Management was poor and moral was low and staff were leaving or being fired. The parent Company in the UK was sending a manager out to Gloria's home town of Edmonton, Canada to try to rescue the situation. He arrived just as Gloria had decided to resign her post as a secretary and one of the first things he was called upon to do was to ask her into his office and have a talk with her. She entered his office and he rose from his chair and walked over to her. "Pleased to meet you," he said. "My name's Mike Mitchell."

"Please to meet you Mr. Mitchell," said Gloria. "My name is Gloria Reader."

"Tell you what," said Mr. Mitchell, "why don't we start off on the right foot and you call me Mike. Am I allowed to call you Gloria?" There were two comfortable chairs in his office and he beckoned her to sit on one whilst he sat on the other. It was only a small point but Gloria recognised the psychology in that. Much better than sitting in front of an imposing desk and feel as if you were being talked down to. She felt relaxed in his company already.

She explained that it was no longer a challenge and a pleasure to come to work because it seemed nobody valued what you did and it was worse for a girl.

"In what way," he asked? 

Gloria said that it appeared that girls weren't taken seriously and were treated more as sex objects than young people simply trying to do a day's work. 

Always being referred to as "darling" and "honey" and that wasn't all. She explained that just to walk past a desk where a couple of men may be talking could result in a sexist remark about the girl's appearance or she could be slyly groped. "Just a joke honey," they would say. "Just a joke." 

Mike Mitchell listened patiently to all this and then said, "yes I can well see why you are just about sick of all that."

"Well, I have been called in to try and sort things out and I can tell you that the present manager will be leaving." Gloria, who had been a target of this pest said that it could only be a good thing for him to go. 

"Well, what about it," said Mr. Mitchell, "are you going to give me a chance and stay on just long enough to see if I can improve things for you and all the staff?" Gloria had entered his office quite determined to give her notice in but there is no doubt that he had made an impression on her. He struck her as fair minded and straightforward and she decided to withdraw her notice. "I am really glad," said Mike and as she rose to go he shook her warmly by the hand. 

Sure enough within a week or two the atmosphere at the workplace was improving. The men had been called into the new boss's office and warned that young women are entitled to respect and that whilst he was certainly not a prude, he wouldn't tolerate any more sexual harassment. It was now very democratic and their new boss was known by all simply as Mike. 

Gloria had been required to be a secretary for the previous manager and also two of the other senior managers. Mike Mitchell was soon calling her into his office again. She smiled at him. 

"You have already made a difference," she said. 

He smiled at her in return. He felt that he had already gained respect with most of them and was pleased that this was so. "Gloria," he said, "how would you like to be my personal secretary?" She was thrilled at this and told him that she would really enjoy the challenge. "You were one of the very first of the staff that I met when I arrived and you made a great impression on me with your frank criticisms." 

Gloria rose to leave and as she went through the door she was framed and backlit in a south facing window. It was a warm autumn day and she wore a rather diaphanous summer dress. Mike couldn't help catching his breath as he could see her underwear through the dress. Knickers but no bra! 

As if she would ever see anything in me, he thought to himself. Anyway, I am old enough to be her fa... He didn't like to dwell on the thought. If only he were a few years younger....

As for Gloria, she was thinking to herself -- why is it that younger girls often fancy older men....?

On the first day of her new job she was called into his office. She wore a smart suit consisting of a grey jacket and skirt, with a gleaming white nylon blouse. Her new boss complimented her on her smart appearance. I am allowed to admire you, he said, with a twinkle in his eye. Not too sexist I hope?

Gloria smiled sweetly at him. Of course you are Mike. She enjoyed his company and decided that she would have some fun with her new boss. He was to be comprehensively seduced over a period of time in the most subtle ways she could devise. She knew that he would be obliged to be on his very best behaviour as far as the opposite sex was concerned and she also guessed correctly that he fancied her. She certainly fancied him.

She was sitting facing him and they were discussing his day ahead. It was warm in the office and Gloria removed her jacket. It was all done very innocently but this was the first of many subtle feminine tricks. Move number one was to wear the blouse which was just one size too small. She sat opposite him and her breasts strained at the nylon material. He hesitated just momentarily and she could see him unable to resist undressing her with his steely grey eyes.

Over the next few days he was subjected to a number of skilfully directed little feminine wiles. All the time he could think of only two things. One was that the girls had complained that they were being treated as sex objects and the other, even more important consideration, was that there was no way that this attractive 22 year old would ever fancy him. Gloria saw an older man with a good firm body. Slightly grey at the temples but kindly grey eyes which often blatantly undressed her. 

Perhaps the top button of her blouse would be undone and he would be unable to prevent himself from leaning over her to explain a document. She knew that her bra would be in his view and he would curse the fact that he may be able to look but mustn't touch. 

A dab of Chanel No5 behind the ears and a close encounter while she reached over him to retrieve a letter was always a powerful weapon.

Her sweater would follow the contour of her breasts exactly. His hand would be on a filing cabinet and she would innocently brush past him. He would feel that wonderful soft breast against the back of his hand.

Mike had responsibilities with the office back in the UK and his work was split to some extent between the two countries. Gloria couldn't wait for him to return. He would get fewer interruptions and it was easier for him to work from home sometimes. He arranged for a couple of computers to be set up there. "Would you mind working with me from my home sometimes," Mike asked Gloria. "No, guess not," said Gloria, secretly pleased that it would help her little plan. 

He was firmly in her web of seduction but there was no way the poor mutt would know that. The female of the species is, they say, the deadlier of the two and there was no way that Mike was ever going to escape from the fate that Gloria had planned for him.

While they worked together at his home Mike was struggling valiantly to be the perfect gentleman. He was still convinced that if he made a move on her she would be insulted because of the age difference and also that she would know that he was no better than the others who had behaved in a sexist way against her will.

They remained very busy and subjected to long hours but Gloria had no current boyfriend and enjoyed working for this guy. She never wore slacks at work. Always a jacket and skirt with a blouse or with a sweater or perhaps a smart dress. She was no fool. On sunny days the backlit, see-through dress came into its own.

It was a move of some skill to avoid being thought of as too obvious, but Gloria knew just how to give a flash of stocking tops with, hopefully a glimpse of white thigh. This particular seduction was the ultimate and used only occasionally. A crossing of the legs whilst she and Mike were sitting facing each other. Or perhaps her dress may get caught on the edge of the table. She could see from Mike's expression that it had great effect. He would colour up and tend to flounder a bit until he collected his thoughts again. Never once did he suspect that such a move was done deliberately -- the poor mutt! 

When she arrived in the morning he would always be on hand to help her off with her topcoat. Likewise in the evening he would help her on with it. This was the only opportunity he had of lightly caressing her arms as he removed the coat or offered it on to her body and then he would free her hair from under the collar of the coat. He was convinced that she thought nothing of it but she smiled knowingly to herself and knew that he was weakening. One morning Gloria felt him grip her arms more purposefully. Oh no you don't Mike darling, she told herself. Oh no you don't. I haven't stopped playing with you yet! She briskly turned to face him. There was no encouragement in her eyes and poor Mike knew then that she was not for him.

More and more they worked from his home and somehow Mike remained in control. However, the sex drive is all-powerful and no red-blooded male can resist for long. They were having a cup of coffee together in the afternoon and Mike and her were laughing together. Gloria had asked him if she may leave a little early as she wanted to go and buy a new dress. "Yes, of course you can," said Mike. "Buy a whole set of clothes from top to bottom for all I care."

"Don't you care?" asked Gloria slyly.

"I just know that when you come to work you look stunning every time," Mike heard himself saying. He then thought, what the hell, and carried on by saying, "and I just love those gorgeous black knickers you are wearing today!" 

"How did you know?" Gloria laughed and pretended to be embarrassed. 

"Oh, didn't I tell you these glasses I use for reading are special x-ray specs," he said, with a twinkle in his eye! But Gloria knew only too well that she had allowed him a glimpse of her lacy black bra. He had correctly assumed that Gloria was not the sort of girl who would wear underwear that didn't match.

Mike had eagerly helped Gloria on with her coat as she prepared to leave one evening and once again she felt his hands gently and briefly squeeze her arms. Poor Mike, she thought to herself. She had been cruelly tormenting him as a cat torments a mouse before devouring it. Poor Mike! Shall I put him out of his misery? Shall I finally give myself to him?

A couple of days later fate delivered him neatly into her hands. She made a coffee in the morning for both of them. Mike put his down on the side and promptly forgot it was there when he reached over to pick up some papers. Hot coffee was spilt into Gloria's lap and she shrieked as it scalded her. Mike dropped to his knees and put both hands under her dress to hold it away from her thighs.

Luckily she wasn't badly scalded and as he knelt there with his hands up her dress she asked him if he was going to leave his hands up her dress all morning and playfully accused him of indecent assault!

"Oh, I am sorry darling," he said. "You can't sit around in that dress, Go upstairs to my bedroom and my robe is on a hook behind the door."

That was it. He had called her "darling" and she knew she could tease him no longer. Anyway she wanted him so badly herself and it was time to deliver the coup de gracé. 

So Gloria went upstairs and soon called down for Mike's help. "My zip has caught," she lied, "please can you free it." He stood behind her and the zip easily slid down to her waist. She remained standing there and he just couldn't resist gently pulling it off her shoulders and allowing it to fall around her ankles. 

"My slip is soaking also," said Gloria. Mike had lost control by now and his hands went to the hem of her slip. He pulled it over her head and she stood there in her panties and nylons. No bra, (the wicked girl!)

They turned to face each other. She looked totally vulnerable and available and he pressed her body to him while they kissed passionately. His hand slid down her back and disappeared into her knickers. He held her soft voluptuous bottom and she willingly allowed him to press her against the promising hardness of his manhood.

Against all the odds I have seduced her, he thought to himself.

If Gloria had been able to read his thoughts she would have smiled to herself. She had targeted this poor handsome male almost from day one and demonstrated to herself that she was in charge and she was the seducer!

At last it was time for Mike to take charge.

It was time for bed...