 Samantha St. George lay in bed, her gray-green eyes fixed on the screen in front of her. A smile played easily on her face while she read the message from her sister-in-law, Carol. Carol was detailing her tennis match with Victor, Samantha's son. When Carol described what had happened afterwards, Samantha's smile only grew, and she felt a tingle, knowing that it had been her idea to stay a few extra days in New York, setting the stage for Carol and Victor's hot time.

While she read, Samantha felt her hand creep towards her left breast. It was late afternoon, and she had been out among the galleries all day long. Before Martin came back from his meetings, she wanted to get off her feet before they went out for the evening. She had stripped to her bra and panties, then discarded the bra, as well. Climbing into the king sized bed in their suite at the Pierre, she decided to check in on Carol while she gave her feet a rest.

She began to lightly circle the nipple as she thought of Carol and Victor together back in San Diego. She put the phone down on the nightstand. Her right hand then moved slowly down her taut, trim body. She licked her left index finger, then circled her nipple again, blowing on it. Her right hand met her dampening crotch, and she traced the outline of her slit, lightly, with the tip of her index finger. Closing her eyes, she replayed what the scene of Carol and Victor would look like. Her mind vividly filled in the image of Carol's luscious body, and Samantha felt her pussy grow wetter and wetter. She had long had an intense attraction to Carol, and the encounter she had with Victor was producing a lust in her she had never thought possible.

With her right finger, she moved the edge of her panties aside and put the tip of her finger just inside her pussy. She slowly moved the fingertip up and down, feeling the juices beginning to flow freely. With her left hand, she began to pinch and pull the nipple. She kept on with it for a few languid minutes, just enjoying the feel of her body. The panties, she soon decided, had to go, and off they went. She straightened both legs out and spread them wide. She moved her right index finger in deep, rubbing inside of her pussy, massaging a sweet spot deep inside. Her left hand pinched her nipples, and Samantha let out a long, low sigh,

Her juices were building as she inserted a second finger into her vagina, her thoughts a sexual melange, drifting back to Martin, her husband, and how much she wanted him, right now. She fingered herself, thinking of his big, beautiful tool, and delighting in the fact he would be back from his meetings soon...Her two fingers worked harder, deeper, massaging, her thoughts spinning back to Carol, then Martin while she fingered herself, thoughts of the three of them together, her pussy getting wetter, feeling herself building, now a new thought; Gabrielle, the artist she had spent time with today, fingers moving expertly, closer now...

She heard the door, and Martin calling out her name. She kept fingering herself, too far gone to stop, and glad Martin was here to join the party.

He opened the door to their bedroom, took a look, grinned. "Well don't just stand there! Come over and fuck me." Samantha beamed at him, her nipples hard, her face flushed, her pussy open and wet.

Martin set his briefcase down, and stripped in an instant. She continued fingering herself while Martin walked over and gave Samantha a deep kiss. He joined her on the bed, replacing her finger with his, while she reached out to rub Martin's hardening cock. 

"Hi honey. How was your day?" Martin asked playfully, looking deep into Samantha's eyes and curving his finger, rubbing deep inside of her. 

Samantha moaned, and began stroking him in earnest. "That's it baby, right there. Oh God yes," she said breathlessly. Her legs spread a bit, and she felt something deep within her begin to rise.

Martin's fingers worked their magic on Samantha's hot wet pussy, while he kissed Samantha's ears, licked her neck, working his way down her body, kissing her, licking her, taking her in. His cock continued to grow under her ministrations, and he was rubbing her right where he knew she liked it best, hard.

"Oh fuck yes baby, rub my pussy! Harder, rub my cunt!" Martin grinned, obliging. He loved it when Samantha talked dirty, as she always presented as so polite and refined in all other areas, other than the bedroom.

He was biting her nipples now, while his finger was a blur, going in and out of her hot snatch. She was holding him now, her hands on his back. Martin moved his head between Samantha's legs, while she spread wide. "Eat me baby," Samantha purred, and Martin began tonguing her.

He put his hands underneath her ass, his mouth flush with her spread, wet lips. He spread his tongue wide, and lapped slowly upward. At the top, he paused, extending and lengthening his tongue, pressing the tip to Samantha's clit. "Oh fuck yes, that's it baby," she blurted, while Martin turned back to lapping her, moving down the length of her slit. He repeated this action, slowly, sometimes teasing her clit, sometimes not. His cock was pulsing, as Samantha's taste and scent were an aphrodisiac to him. Her gasps and moans spurred his effort, burrowing deeper into her, pulling her closer with his hands while his tongue moved in and out of her wet dripping snatch.

"Oh yes, that's it baby, fuck fuck fuck," Samantha practically howling now, with Martin moving one hand from her ass and using the thumb to rub Samantha's clit while he continued to tongue-fuck her pussy. She began to shudder, moaned loudly, and came. Martin continued to lick, easing off the clit, returning to it lightly. Samantha felt herself cumming, hard, then felt another series of slightly-less intense but no less pleasurable aftershocks. Her juices ran freely, coating the bottom part of Martin's handsome face. 

Martin moved off Samantha, allowing her to catch her breathe. He was rubbing his cock now, turned on by the sight of Samantha's rock-hard nipples, her face, flushed with pleasure, her hair slightly damp, and pussy wet. His head was coated in precum, and he was stroking faster and faster. Samantha, having recovered from her own delicious orgasm, moved closer and took Martin's cock in her mouth. He moaned, and Samantha began bobbing up and down, her mouth a tight circle on his rigid member. She used her other hand to cup his balls, and sucked Martin hard.

He came shortly afterwards, shooting a thick load deep down Samantha's throat. She swallowed his load, and then both lay back on the bed, content in the aftermath. Martin stretched, reached for his wife. He asked her, "Have you heard anything from Victor? Is Carol having a nice visit?" 

"I think so, they even got in a little tennis yesterday." Samantha said innocently. That's not all they got in, she thought wickedly. "She filled me in on the details."

"Great. I'm glad we're staying a few extra days. This deal has a lot of working parts to it, and I feel like I covered a lot of ground in today's meeting." Martin was taking his robotics company public, and was in the final stages of working out the details to the transaction. Martin was as passionate about his work as he was about his wife and family, a fire that drew Samantha to Martin when they first met in Los Angeles after graduation. She was an artist, as passionate about her calling as Martin was about his. The extra time in New York had benefited her, as well, allowing her more time to take in the city and it's myriad of museums, galleries, and artists.

During the course of her day, she had stopped by to see an old friend who had a gallery in the city. His name was Rabo, and he and Samantha had a wonderful reunion at his gallery. Rabo was the sort of garrulous, opinionated, good-natured soul that made conversation easy; Samantha and he sipped cappucino and talked old times and new. He showed her some of the works by new artists he was displaying, and one work caught Samantha's eye in particular. It was an oil on canvas, of a girl with a flower in her hair, looking at something far away. The colors, lines, and feeling Samantha got from it told her that this was an artist worth knowing, and she asked Rabo about it.

"That's from Gabrielle. Her work is something I have been paying attention to for some time. I've had interest from a number of buyers for that piece. Gabrielle is gifted, and a hard worker. She may be stopping by, as a matter of fact. You would like her."

Samantha looked around at a few more works, and was getting ready to leave when the door opened. A woman, early twenties, stepped into the gallery. She was a little over five feet in height, with dark hair, large brown eyes accentuated by a pixie cut, and an angular face with high cheekbones. She was beautiful. She looked at Samantha, smiled and introduced herself.

"Hi, I'm Gabrielle, nice to meet you." She extended her hand, and Samantha smiled broadly and clasped her hand. It was warm, the skin seeming to send an electric current into Samantha. 

"Nice to meet you, I'm Samantha. I was admiring your work." Gabrielle thanked her, their hands lingering, their eyes meeting, both seeming to want this moment to stretch on and on. The smiles on their faces changed slightly, turning from a polite look for a new acquaintances to something more familiar, hungrier. 

Rabo was over, telling Samantha how thrilled they were to have Gabrielle with them. Samantha wanted to know more, and suggested that perhaps Gabrielle could dine with her during Samantha's stay. Gabrielle enthusiastically agreed; Samantha and she parted warmly, both looking forward to dining together that night.

* * *

Martin and Samantha St. George stood in front of the full length mirror in their hotel bedroom, Samantha looking stunning in a black pencil skirt, top, and heels. Martin stood behind her, and kissed her on the shoulder. She turned, smiled, and kissed him, and they left the hotel to have dinner.

On the taxi ride over, Samantha told Martin about Gabrielle, who was meeting them for dinner. Martin had an avid interest in art, and was eager to meet the new talent Samantha spoke so enthusiastically of. 

They arrived at their destination, a Mediterranean restaurant called Orsestes, uptown. They walked in to find Gabrielle at the wait stand, having just arrived. She greeted Samantha warmly, and beamed at Martin when Samantha made their introduction. Gabrielle was dressed simply but elegantly, and her radiant looks drew curious peeks from men and women alike. 

The trio dined on a number of succulent dishes, the conversation and wine flowing easily. Samantha was interested in hearing about Gabrielle having grown up in France, and how it shaped her art. Gabrielle wanted to hear all about how they met and their life in San Diego. 

Samantha laughed. "Well, San Diego's weather is slightly addictive, though we don't have the art scene New York has. I guess horrible winters make for great art," she said, both Samantha and Gabrielle reaching out and touching hands as they laughed.

After more wine and conversation, Gabrielle suggested they go to a party a friend of hers was having. Samantha was eager, as there were bound to be some people from the art world she would know; Martin, however, begged off, as he had more work ahead of him in what would be a long day tomorrow. 

"Honey, why don't you go on without me? I'm going to head back to the hotel, and you and Gabrielle have girls night out." Martin suggested.

"Sounds like a plan to me," Samantha said breezily, the wine she'd had at dinner lifting her mood. "I'm just a hot child in the city," she said and then laughed. Martin gave her a knowing look, smiled, and told Gabrielle how much he enjoyed meeting her, and left.

The cab took the ladies to a loft in the Meat Packing District. On the way, as they sat in the back of the cab chatting, Gabrielle's hand found Samantha's, and they moved closer to each other in the cab, talking, laughing, touching and stroking each other's hands and fingers. 

They walked in and were greeted by the host, an artist friend of Gabrielle's. They mingled, chatted with the artists, brokers, patrons, and art lovers, the sangria flowing. The loft soon filled with the sounds of danceable world beats, and folks started moving and grooving. 

Samantha and Gabrielle were soon dancing with each other, laughing, mimicking each other's moves, drawing closer, Samantha finding Gabrielle's face a magnet, and Gabrielle reaching out and putting her hand on Samantha's ass, squeezing, winking at her and smiling. Samantha tilted her head back and laughed, "Hot child in the city!"

Back at the hotel, Martin finished talking to his son, Victor. How had things gone with Aunt Carol? Fine, he said. Good, she head back to Miami? Yeah, Victor replied, she got off okay. Victor sounded like he was in good spirits.

He watched some of the game, then hit the sack. Hot child in the city, he thought, and laughed. He knew what Samantha had in mind tonight. When they had started their relationship, Samantha told Martin that on occasion she enjoyed the company of women. Martin said nothing; it had surprised him. He accepted, even loved it about her, but he was not a party to that part of her life, and it had taken a while to work through those feelings. He could not blame her tonight, because Gabrielle was sexy as hell. He thought of that night she had spoken to him of her bisexuality, and the song that was playing when she told him. It was a tune called, "Hot Child In The City," and after she told him, all Martin could say was, "I guess some times you're just a Hot Child In The City," and they had both nearly died laughing. It had since become their code phrase for when she wanted to spend time with a lady.

Meanwhile, back at the party, Samantha and Gabrielle made their way up to the roof, where some party goers had gone to smoke a joint. Samantha and Gabrielle both indulged, toking deeply from the spliff being passed around. They found lawn chairs in a corner, seated themselves, then gazed up at the night sky, talking about love, life, art, holding hands, watching the cosmos unfold before them.

"Let's go to my studio," Gabrielle said. She leveled a meaningful gaze upon Samantha, who held her stare. "Yes," she breathed. After saying their good-byes, in as fast a time as they could without being rude, they grabbed a taxi and headed to Gabrielle's studio. 

Samantha held Gabrielle's hand in hers in the cab, pulling her closer. Gabrielle turned to her, and raised her lips to Samantha's. They kissed, lingering in the sweet sensation, soft, insistent, wet, hot. Samantha's tongue danced with Gabrielle's, their hands roaming all over, breathe quickening. They made out for much of the drive, enjoying the heat, the touch and feel. 

The ride up the old industrial elevator saw Gabrielle put her hand right on Samantha's crotch, rub gently, and whisper delicately in her ear, "Let's take some of these clothes off when we get in, honey, I want to see your body." Samantha felt her knees buckle when Gabrielle's long, delicate finger traced the outline of her pussy lips. 

The elevator stopped, Gabrielle opened the door, and they entered the studio, a large, open industrial space, where canvasses of various sizes and colors met the eye in every direction. In one corner, a small kitchen with a table and two chairs. In another corner, a four poster king-sized bed with nightstand. 

She walked in, looking around. There was so much to take in, but there was only one thing on Samantha's mind, and when she felt Gabrielle's hand on her ass, she turned, kissed her, and then removed her top and bra. Gabrielle did the same, removing her t shirt. She wore no bra underneath, being small breasted. Samantha reached out and stroked her right nipple, while Gabrielle's hands ran all over Samantha's skin. They kissed again, passionately, tongue thrusting against tongue, hands on asses, rubbing, pulling each other closer. Gabrielle then took Samantha by the hand and lead her to the bed. She took off her pants, while Samantha took off her skirt. Clad only in their panties the two lay on the bed, kissing and touching each other. Samantha licked and sucked Gabrielle's nipples, and Gabrielle replied in kind. They rubbed each other's mounds, kissing, sucking each other's tits, then fingering each other, and licking the other's juices off the other's fingers, sucking fingers like cocks, then another finger in, deeper, rubbing, kissing, biting a nipple, then Gabrielle seizing the moment, telling Samantha, "I want you to lick me, baby." Both women removed their soaked panties.

Samantha's head quickly moving down her body, Gabrielle's legs spread wide, her pussy, shaven clean except for a thin patch, beaconing Samantha. She kissed Gabrielle right on her sex, then flicked her tongue out, deftly using the tip to work all around the lips, then up to her clit. Gabrielle moaned loudly, and Samantha flicked deeper, moving her tongue up and down, side to side, almost like a cobra dancing to the sound of a magic flute. Her tongue worked in and out of Gabrielle's pussy, who writhed in pleasure on the bed. Gabrielle then lifted herself up, stretching around until she could reach the nightstand. She removed two items, then shifted back.

"Okay, my lover, I know you are ready for this," purred Gabrielle. "Lie back, and spread your legs." Samantha obliged, while Gabrielle took the first item, a double sided dildo, and inserted one end in Samantha's cunt. Samantha moaned, then moaned deeper when Gabrielle faced her, spread her legs, and inserted the other end inside her wet pussy. Almost in unison, they scrunched closer, legs outstretched, their pubic mounds close. Gabrielle was as lithe and limber as a gymnast, her legs spreading far and with ease. They both began to rock in rhythm, Samantha reaching out to rub her clit, Gabrielle pinching her nipples. "Oh fuck this feels good!" exclaimed Samantha. "Fuck yes!"

Gabrielle smiled, licked her index finger, and reached up and rubbed Samantha's clit. Samantha moaned in appreciation, and moved up even further. The big two headed dildo was almost completely hidden, Samantha and Gabrielle's pussies almost touching.

It was then that Gabrielle reached back and brought forth the other object she had removed from the drawer; a vibrator. She turned it on, and placed the tip right on Samantha's clit, causing her to scream in ecstasy. Gabrielle then pushed the tip to her own clit, and felt her orgasm build within, deep and powerful. Both women were squirming against the dildo in a frenzy, while Gabrielle moved the vibrator from one clit to another, until they were so close she simply shifted it while they ground against it, both women panting hard, moaning, nipples rock hard, going on until they reached the breaking point, cumming hard, moving in spasms of pleasure, wave on wave of orgasms, the whole world seeming to swirl around and around, then both collapsing, exhausted, spent.

They curled up and slept in each other's arms, and when the morning came, they both smiled.