 Thanks for the feedback from the first chapter. I'll be adding new chapters when I can. I just ask your patience.

*************

A few days pass as Dave Krieg gets settled in on the ship and starts to learn what is expected of him. As promised Chief Baron acts as if nothing happened that first night and sets about getting her department ready for the upcoming deployment to Central America. 

"So Dave, this is the forward aid station, your battle station." HM2 Chris Daniel said. They were forward in the ship, just short of the forward gun mount and missile launchers. There is a damage control station (DC Locker) across the passageway from a small alcove where the two men were standing. 

Chris handed Dave a small key ring with a number of keys on it. He listed off which key was for where until he got to the key with the red markings. "This key unlocks all of the cabinets here and also releases the exam table from the bulkhead." He indicates to Dave to open everything up. "Go ahead and try it out."

Dave pops the lock open and sees that the table is idiot proof and quickly sets it up.

"Good. Now, during GQ you will set up here, and any medical emergencies forward will be brought to you here. I will be running the station just like this aft and Chief and Jenna will stay in the office taking any major injuries and the overflow from us. You will have 4 stretcher bearers and a phone talker assigned here too. Any calls for help, you send the bearers to get them and bring them to you. You are to stay here." Chris said. "Chief wants you to spend the morning here getting acquainted with the station. After lunch we will work on something else. Have fun, and if you need anything, I'll be in the office running sick call." With that Chris turned and headed back to the office.

Dave spent the next few hours going through the FAS, checking bandages, I.V. fluids, and other aid equipment. He also spent a lot of time checking out the two women who were working in the DC locker. One he recognized from his first day. The short, hot, hispanic girl with the very tight ass. Fernandez, Dianne Fernandez. The other was very tall, 5'10 ish, with dirty blond hair done up in a bun. She had an easy smile and brown eyes that seemed to sparkle. The two women were also looking across the way and chatting about the new man.

"I met him the other day. You should see him in his white uniform!" Dianne said to her friend DC2 Annie Bliss. 

"He looks pretty damn good in those Blueberries" (The Navy Working Uniform NWU, also called blueberries because they are a silly blue camouflage, on a ship,)

"Look at those arms. I'd love to have those wrapped around me, throwing me around the bedroom." Annie says with a big hopeful smile. "I'm gonna go ask him out before one of the other girls gets her claws into him!"

"What if I want him?" Dianne asks "I did see him first."

"Knock it off Di, everyone knows you like girls. Besides, what about that mystery squeeze you won't tell me about?"

"Bullshit! I'm not a lesbian! I like dick too." Dianne says with a laugh.

"Alright, alright. Let's get this stuff put away and go flirt with Doc." Annie says and starts to put the damage control equipment they were inspecting away.

The women finish up and secure the room before heading over to where Dave was putting his area to order. 

"Hi Doc, do you remember me? We met on your first day here?" Dianne asks.

"Of course I remember, DC3 Fernandez, right?" He replies, holding out his hand to her.

She takes it and says, "Yep, but call me Di. And this is Annie Bliss."

Dave moves his hand over to Annie and looks into her eyes which are nearly level with his. "Great to meet you Annie. Please call me Dave, or Doc. Either works for me." Annie's hands are soft, but firm and strong. "This woman is Amazonian and sexy" Dave thinks wondering if he'll get to see more of her soon.

"We are about to head to lunch, care to join us?" Annie asks, still holding Dave's hands in hers and looking into his green eyes. 

"Very much. Let me put this stuff away and I'll be happy to join you." He turns to finish shutting his area down.

"I'm guessing this will be your GQ station?" Di asks. "We will be GQ buddies, mine is that DC locker right there. Maybe we can have a GQ party." All three laugh knowing that during an emergency or even a General Quarters drill they would be way too busy to do more than nod to each other in greeting. 

"That was my station but I'm rotating out in a couple weeks. I will be an instructor at the DC "C" school." (C school is where sailors learn the basics of their chosen specialty)

"Outstanding! Easy duty coming up. 5 day work weeks, off at 4. Duty rotation every 8 days. Nice one! You must really know your stuff, they only take the best to be instructors. Congrats." Dave says and gives Annie a quick hug. She quickly hugs him back and they each feel the strength and firmness in the other. 

"Break it up you two. Let's go to lunch." Di says with a chuckle. The other two quickly step apart, with smiles and slight blushing on Annie's face. 

The three head midships to the mess decks and get in line. They are chatting easily and sharing stories of their past assignments and what they have done. All three have been in hilarious situations and all have been in life and death emergencies. 

Towards the end of their meal Annie asks Dave if he'd like to have dinner with her the next day. He quickly accepts but points out he didn't bring his car with him, knowing that the ship was deploying soon. Annie lets him know she has one and would be happy to show him around town as well. They set their date for 7pm the next night. The would meet right off the ship and walk to her car together. 

A young, pretty hispanic sailor walked up to them as they were dropping off their dirty dishes. DC3, CMC requests your presence in her office." she says to Dianne (Command Master Chief. Leading enlisted sailor of the ship.)

"Thank you." Dianne replies "I'll see you two later." She walks away headed to the office spaces. 

"She gets those summons a lot. She says CMC is tutoring her for her DC2 test." Annie tells Dave. 

"That's cool. Glad to hear the CMC is so hands on." Dave says.

*******

Dianne knocks on the door. "Enter" a gruff female voice is heard. She enters, closing the door tightly behind her. She steps in front of the desk, standing at attention.

"Good afternoon Master Chief Boozer. You wanted to see me?" 

"Of course I did, silly little girl?" Boozer says as her hand comes down hard on Dianne's tight ass.

"Assume the position. It's been too long since you've been here. 

Di quickly pulls her top, t-shirt, and pants off. Revealing the black sports bra and black cotton bikini cut panties she is wearing underneath. She steps to the desk and lays forward over it. Kathy Boozer walks over to the desk and pulls the set of restraints out of their drawer. She cuffs her little brown plaything's arms across the desk to the arms of the chair and then spreads the playthings legs to bind her ankles to the feet of the desk. She stands up and views her handiwork. Her plaything is bent at the waist, tight ass covered in black cotton, legs spread wide. Boozer walks around the desk seeing her plaything looking up at her. She reaches into the drawer and pulls out a ball gag and a blindfold. She attaches both to her plaything. and then walks to her office door. She locks it and then takes off her khaki uniform, hanging it up in the very small closet. She looks into the full size mirror admiring herself. 

Her grey hair cut very short in a crew cut. Her red corset pulled tight, giving her an hourglass figure. The top also trying to give her very small breasts some fullness. She sees her bald pussy peeking out from under the edge of the corset. Looking over to the ass bent over her desk she feels a little dewiness down below. She walks over and without warning brings her hand down once, twice, on each of the firm cheeks presented to her. Quickly redness shows on the brown skin not covered by the black cotton. Boozer grabs the waistband of Dianne's panties and pulls them up. The cloth sliding off the cheeks and in between them. Red handprints show on the tender skin. Boozer slaps each bare cheek again. Dianne grunts into the gag, yet a growing wet spot on the cloth pulled tight against her pussy lips shows her enjoyment. 

Boozer gives each cheek another slap and then slowly massages each cheek, rubbing out the sharpness of the pain. She kneels next to her plaything. Still holding the panties tight against her playthings lips and ass. Boozer leans in and kisses and bites the cheek next to her. Her free hand running up the smooth inner thigh of her plaything. She switches sides and repeats the kissing and biting. Boozer stands up and grabs the scissors off the desk. One, two cuts and the panties are thrown into the trash can. Two cuts and the sports bra follows. Her plaything is now naked and helpless, like Boozer loves to have her little brown playthings, completely at her mercy. 

Boozer kneels down next to her playting's ass again. She sees that the pussy in front of her face is showing it's moisture. The smell is heavenly. Boozer slides her hand up the smooth naked thigh and then her fingers through the bush she makes her playthings grow. She tugs a bit on the hair in her fingers then moves between her captive's legs. One more tug on the bush and then she buries her face in the sweet young snatch. Her tongue diving deep into the opening. Probing, licking, sucking the juices of the younger woman, Boozer is smashing her face hard against Dianne's pussy. Her nose pressing against the tight little asshole, her tongue and lips exploring every inch of her favorite pussy. 

"Ghhhhaahhhhh" Di moans against her gag. Feeling the older woman's tongue deep inside of her. She feels a climax building, wanting to explode on her Master Chief's face. 

Boozer gives one more tug on the bush, reaches up with one hand to spread the tight cheeks. She slips 2 fingers into the soaking snatch in front of her and then presses her tongue aganist the puckered asshole. 

"Cmminnnggniingg!!" Di screams again into the gag while her juices gush out onto Boozers hands and face. 

"Good girl!" Boozer says as she presses her face into that pussy again. After geting her fill, she stands and walks around the desk. She removes the gag and shoves her cummy fingers into her plaything's mouth. Her plaything quickly and expertly cleans them off. Boozer reaches back into the drawer and pulls out the nine inch, thick, strap on dildo. Candy apple red to match her corset. She steps into the straps and pulls it up into place. Before she even finishes tightening the belt she slips it into the waiting mouth in front of her. Boozer finishes hooking in and then looks down to watch her plaything greedily sucking the fake dick into her mouth. Boozer grabs a handful of her plaything's long black hair and uses it to hold her steady. Boozer then proceeds to drive the fake cock deeper into the willing mouth. 

The reddened ass below her is begging for another smack, so she obliges, getting a squeak from around the dildo. Grabbing two hands of long dark hair, she drives her cock completely into the plaything's mouth. She holds it, then hearing the gags, she removes the fake dick. Boozer replaces the ball gag and walks around to between the willing legs. A couple more ass slaps, then she drives deep into the hot wet pussy. "MMMPPPHMM!" her plaything grunts. A wicked smile crosses Boozers face, as she decides to do something she rarely does with this plaything. One pump, two pump, three. She pulls out and presses the wet, wide, hard plastic head against the little butt hole of her plaything. 

Dianne's eyes go wide as she feels the invader slide into her ass. "MMMMMMMMM!!" she moans. Her head drops and she pushes back against the pleasant pressure behind her, thrusting against it. 

Boozer notices the thrusting against her and smiles wickedly again. "That's a good little slut plaything. You really like this in your tight little ass, don't you." Boozer is really getting turned on violating her plaything, and the dildo rubbing against her clit while she thrusts is helping a lot too. She grabs her plaything's skinny waist with both hands and pounds that tight ass, lost to her own pleasure. Boozer reaches her own shattering climax, slams the big fake cock deep completely into Dianne's ass. Eyes closed, head held high, breasts heaving, bald pussy dripping, fake cock buried into the girl underneath her, Boozer holds this for what feels like an eternity of excellence. She pulls the cock out of Dianne's ass with a soft wet pop. She reaches down and releases her plaything's legs and then walks around to release her hands. 

Boozer takes off the strap on and sits in her office chair. She leans back, legs spread and puts the fake cock into her own mouth. Her plaything crawls between her legs and begins licking and sucking the older woman's bald pussy. With the cock between her lips she closes her eyes enjoying the flavor of the young woman on the plastic while that same woman is licking her bare, wet twat. Her plaything has been there many times before and knows exactly how to get the older woman off. Boozer leans back and comes to another massive orgasm, coating the young brown face under her. Her plaything rides through the orgasm with her, licking and sucking everything she can. "Good girl! You did a very good job today. Go ahead and get dressed." Dianne gets up and slips her uniform back on, minus her shredded underwear. She also doesn't clean off her face, knowing CMC gets off on the humiliation, and to be honest, so does she. 

Once Dianne gets dressed she grabs Boozer's uniform from the closet and helps the older woman dress, her hands careful to rub the older woman's ass, breasts, and bald pussy while helping her. Once both women are dressed, Boozer sends Dianne back to the women's berthing to clean up and get ready for the end of the duty day.

*******

There will be more to come as soon as I can. I hope you have enjoyed it so far.