 Every week or so I load up the laundry basket and head for the corner Wash-o-Matic. It's your typical Laundromat. A double row of washing machines lined up down the middle of the store with front-loading dryers along both walls. Neon lights hum and flicker overhead. A sign in the window announces "Wash, Dry and Fold" to passerby's.

I lugged my basket into the store and sorted my clothes into three of the machines. I'm careful to put the whites in one machine, darks in another, and towels in a third as I once turned my dress shirts into an attractive guacamole color by mixing in a pair of green socks.

I looked around the place as I worked. It was almost empty. An elderly lady was folding her laundry while another gal, who was much younger, transferred her clothes from the dryers onto the folding table. I recognized the younger woman as Cindy. She lives in my apartment building, and was one of the first tenants to introduce herself when I moved in. 

After loading my machines and inserting the required fist of quarters, I sat in a chair and watched Cindy take her clothes out of the dryer. She was dressed in jogging style shorts and a short T-shirt that left her bare midriff exposed. As she bent over to unload the dryer, her shorts rode up her ass exposing more of her firm cheeks. She had a fantastic body, a fact that didn't escape me when I first met her. Her breasts were big and firm, and just a bit too heavy for her slender frame. They swayed gently back and forth as she bent over again to retrieve more clothes from the big dryer. Just watching her sexy body at work made the cobra stir in its basket.

She turned and looked in my direction as people do when they sense that someone is staring at the back of their head. I was staring, but not at the back of her head. She smiled and said hello. I got up and walked over to the folding table. "Hi, I didn't know if you would remember me, " I said.

"Sure, I remember you. You live in my building. Roger, isn't it?" she said with a smile. I nodded in response trying to focus on her eyes and not the firm nipples pointing through her T-shirt. "You'll have to excuse the way I look," she said as she ran her hand through her hair. "I needed to do a few loads of laundry tonight, so I just threw on something and ran down here. Didn't think I'd meet anyone I knew."

"Yeah, me too. I'm down to my last pair of underwear, " I said with a laugh. "That's my signal that it's time to do the laundry. Otherwise, I'd be changing my shorts by turning them inside out."

Cindy laughed. "Well, I'm a bit obsessive about clean clothes," she said as she picked up a pair of lacy bikini panties. She folded them neatly and set them on the table and reached for a matching bra. 

An image quickly formed in my mind of Cindy in her red panties and bra. "You've got nice, ah, underwear, " I said impulsively as she picked up another pair of bikini panties from the pile.

"Thank you," she said without hesitation. I love wearing sexy underwear. Especially, if I'm in business attire. But I don't wear any underwear when I do the laundry. That way I get an extra pair of undies for the week. Which do you like better? The red or the black ones?"

"Ah, well, actually, they're both nice, " I stammered as another image formed in my mind of me peeling her panties off her firm ass, holding them to my nose and inhaling deeply. She folded them and put them neatly on the pile.

The elderly lady finished loading her cart, pulled it passed the folding table and through the door. It was after 11 PM and the place was empty except for me, Cindy, and her pile of lacy panties and bras. Just then a loud buzzing sound erupted from one of the washing machines. "What in the hell is that?" I said over the noise.

"Your washing machine load is unbalanced, " Cindy said. She walked over to the machine, lifted the lid and rearranged the load of towels. The buzzer immediately stopped. "When the towels get over to one side of the tub, the washer starts to shake and vibrate. "

"You sound like an expert," I said as I admired her cleavage while she straightened out the problem.

She closed the lid and the machine started again. "Want to know a little secret?" she said with a grin. "When I was a teenager, my mom made me do my own laundry. I'd go down into the basement, load up the washing machine with beach towels and then wait for the spin cycle. Once the old washer started to shake and vibrate, I'd lean over on top of the warm lid. I could feel the vibrations through my tits. It gave me a tingling sensation all over. Isn't that crazy?"

The image of Cindy getting herself off on the washing machine made my cock stir in my shorts. I pictured her hugging the vibrating washer, pressing her tits against the smooth white metal as it massaged her nipples and sent tingles down to her wet pussy. My cock got so hard that a visible bulge showed in my pants. Cindy looked down at my growing embarrassment and smiled. Her plan, if she had one, was working. And if not, she was the best cock teaser I had ever met. 

Suddenly the washer voiced its displeasure again with the unbalanced load. Cindy opened the lid and rearranged the towels once more. This time I followed up on her cue. "Want to recreate a fond memory?" I said with a sly grin as I gently urged her to lean over on top of the warm washing machine.

"What if someone comes in?" she said with some caution in her voice. I didn't answer. My heart was beating fast, afraid that she would resist. But she willingly complied with my suggestion.

"You have such a nice firm ass," I said. I ran my hands over her butt and traced the outline of her shorts with my fingers. I wanted to feel her wet pussy, and finger fuck her. The thought of doing that to her made my cock stiff and hard. I put my hand gently in the middle of her back and pressed her tits into the top of the machine. She wiggled and squirmed to increase the sensation of the vibrations through her nipples. She moaned softly as she enjoyed the ride.

"Oh, god, " she moaned as my hand slid between her thighs. Her pussy was wet and so warm. "That's it. Finger my pussy. I want to feel your fingers inside me," she gasped. I pulled at the waistband of her shorts and peeled them off her ass. They slid down her long legs and she kicked them aside without breaking contact with the pulsing machine.

By now my cock was so stiff it hurt as it strained against my shorts. I unzipped my fly and the cobra sprung from the basket. It felt so good to be free of its constraint. I stroked the firm, hard shaft as my other hand massaged Cindy's wet mound. I resisted the urge to plunge my cock deep inside her. That would come, but later. Right now I was focused on turning that washing machine into an amusement park ride.

I slid my hand up and down the crack of her ass brushing her pussy gently with my fingers. She gasped and wiggled her ass to increase the contact. "I can't believe I'm letting you finger my pussy," she cried as the washer continued to tremble under its load of towels. "I hardly know you, and I'm letting you finger fuck my pussy just because it feels so good. Oh, god that's it. Stick a finger in my pussy. Just like I let the boys in the neighborhood finger fuck me down in my basement." I slid my finger deeper inside her wet box and pushed her T-shirt up to expose her big tits. The nipples were hard from being pressed against the lid of the washing machine and I pinched one of them with my free hand. She twisted and teased the other nipple with her hand.

"I'd invite the boys down into the basement while my parents were gone. The teenage boys were always horny, and I'd let them play with my tits. They liked seeing my tits. It was easy to make their cocks hard. I loved the feel of their hard cocks in my hand and mouth. I had sex with them just because I wanted to see them shoot their cum all over my tits. Just like I'm going to make you shoot your cum all over me."

Cindy turned around from her position on the washer and sat on the lid of the machine. She reached down and stroked my cock slowly up and down its engorged length. I inserted my finger inside her pussy and pumped it in and out. Hearing her talk about fucking and sucking her boyfriends had gotten me as hard as a rock. My cock pulsed with her touch. "You want me to treat you like a slut, don't you?"

"Oh yes, like your slut. I want you to use my pussy. I want you to use my pussy for your pleasure. Just like a slutty tramp would do. Just like those boys in my basement. Then fuck me and make me cum."

Her pussy was on fire. My finger encircled her clit and gently massaged the hard little pearl. Her juices flowed onto my hand and made the metal slick. I flicked her clit with my finger and then slid two fingers deep inside her. She grabbed my wrist and moved my fingers in and out of her faster and faster as she continued to stroke my cock. "I want to feel that big cock inside my pussy," she cried as my fingers explored the deep recesses of her. "Position me like you want. I love it when men position me to receive their big cock. Put me where you want me," she muttered between gasps. "Spread my pussy wide open and drive that cock deep inside."

My legs weren't long enough to fuck her on top of the washing machine. God, I wanted to. But I spotted a stool over in the corner. As I put it in place I watched as she moved her fingers in rapid little circles over her clit and then sucked on them. Standing on the stool put me in just the right position. "Put your feet on the top of the machine," I ordered, "and slide your hot little pussy over to the edge." 

"Oh baby, fuck me on top of the washing machine while it's still spinning," she said as she continued to rub her clit feverishly. I leaned against the spinning, vibrating white porcelain and felt a tingle radiate through my balls. I let them rest on top of the machine and rubbed the head of my cock against her pussy lips. The sensation of the pulsing washer and her hot, wet pussy almost pushed me over the edge. I fought to regain control as she grabbed my ass with her hands and pulled me into her. 

I plunged my cock deep inside as Cindy tossed her head back and closed her eyes. The washer continued to spin and vibrate as I buried my swollen cock deep inside her pussy. She kneaded my ass cheeks with both hands and then pulled me tight, not letting me move. The vibrations of the spinning tub moved my cock deep inside her in ways that I'd never felt before or since. My balls tingled and felt like they were going to explode. "I've always wanted to be fucked like this," she cried. "So deep, so hard on top of this fucking machine. You're going to make me cum. Just like a fucking slut." Then her body tensed as her orgasm spilled over the top. I felt her pussy muscles pulse and pull on my cock as she gave in to her release. 

Within seconds I felt my own cum boil in my balls as my body was racked by my orgasm. I pulled out and shot my load all over her pussy and the top of the washer. She rubbed it over her flat stomach and then stroked my cock to milk every last drop. "I love it. I love your cum all over my pussy," she moaned. "I told you I'd make you cum all over me. Just like I did in my basement with those horny teenage boys."

I see Cindy all the time now. We aren't serious about each other. At least, not in a romantic sense. Neither of us wants that. But we like to act out our little fantasies and sport fuck. And we've come up with lots of interesting places and ways to do it. Guess which way is our favorite?