 Brin St. James was definitely the hottest agent for the secret government agency called the Eye. Standing at a tall five feet, eleven inches, she was quite an eye full. She had long golden hair and bright blue eyes the topped off her goddess like body. A body she used often to her advantage. 

Brin always wore provocative clothing so she could show off her long, shapely legs and huge, round tits. Today her attire was a tight, off the shoulder white mini-dress that clung tightly to her big tits. It was thin cotton, so you could see her stiff nipples that seemed to want to burst out of the light fabric. 

Her beautiful heart-shaped ass enticed every guy she walked past to check her out. She liked that guys wanted to fuck her. Sometimes she thought that her pussy was her best advantage. An advantage she loved using to its fullest. She loved to get fucked.

Brin's pager went off first thing in the morning. It was her contact at the Eye, a man known to her only as Number 11. She made her way to a pay phone and called him right back. He told her about a problem they have. It seems that a file was purged from their main frame. Their records show that it was down loaded to a PC somewhere in her sector. 

Number 11 gave her the access code for the BBS that was the conduit for the

transfer. He also had the code name of the user it was sent to. His E-mail name was

TanMike. Number 11 told Brin to use any means necessary to find and delete the file. Then he instructed her to interrogate TanMike and ascertain if he is a security risk. 

Brin told him she would contact him upon any information. Number 11 promptly hung up, not wanting to risk a trace.

In the next few minutes' Brin St. James made her way home and purged the bulletin board system TanMike belonged to. She entered his name in the search mode and his bio came up. Brin held the Alt key down and input in her access override code. It brought up his personal information instantly. 

Michael Tanner, alias Tan Mike was easy to find. In just a few minutes she had his name, address, phone number, social security number and credit card number. She smiled and patted her computer on the top of the monitor. She printed the information, checked her face and rushed out the door to go case out the scene. 

Mike noticed her just after he left for work. What guy wouldn't notice a sexy blond looking at him with wanting eyes? When she pulled up beside him, he could feel her eyes upon him. He was compelled to gaze at her. 

She was beautiful. So beautiful that Mike couldn't believe she was looking at him. She looked like she was around twenty-one but the way she held herself made her seem much older. Her beautiful long golden hair was blowing lightly back over her soft shoulder. She brushed it away from her face and winked her crisp baby blue at Mike. It made him blush and she smiled. 

He gazed back at her and finally managed a goofy smile. The light turned green. The beautiful girl blew him a sexy kiss then drove on. It made Mike Tanner's heart quicken. Instantly he imagined what it would be like to fuck such a gorgeous girl. His cock stiffened at the images he conjured up and he rubbed it.

Brin managed to get back behind her suspect and follow him to the building he worked in. She tailed him inside. Through the front desk she quickly found out what floor he worked on. The gentleman was more than helpful. Brin was sure the way she bent over and gave him a free shot of her big ripe tits urged him to be nice.

She went out to her car and drove back to Mike's house. She made her way to the back of his place. Brin pulled out her lock picks and in less than thirteen seconds she was inside. Quietly Brin checked out the house and it was empty. Since there were no pictures of a wife or kids she surmised that TanMike must be single.

She thought he was cute so that was a good thing.

She went into Mike's den, fired up his computer, found his library called Downloads and opened it up. The file she was looking for wasn't there. He had other mail dated for today, so this had to be the place. She ran a search for the file name and it came up dry.

Brin clicked back onto Mike's hard drive and scrolled down the index. One

library stood out in particular. It was called Dirty Pics. Brin opened it up. She ran the viewer program and it started showing one nasty picture right after another.

A picture of a girl being fucked by two guys lit up the screen. Next, lesbians licking each others wet shaved snatches. Brin was getting aroused at the steamy scenes. It changed to a close up of a thick cock driving deep into a fur-covered mound. Brin's pussy grew wet. She thought of her suspect Mike Tanner sitting here working himself up to an orgasm. 

The sexy agent stood up and pulled her skirt up over her round hips. She ran her fingers lightly over her soft blond patch of pussy fur. Instantly her finger started to glisten with her cream. She slid it deeper down her gash as a close up of two girls getting sprayed with sperm appeared on the screen. Brin circled her clit faster and faster. 

Brin sat back down in Mike's chair and put her legs up on his computer table.

Her pink folds opened wide like a piece of ripe fruit. She slid her finger deep inside her wet hole. "M-m-m-m-m-m-m," Brin moaned as she fingered herself. She loved the way her pussy felt wrapped tightly around her finger. She worked herself faster.

A picture of a girl riding a huge flesh-colored dildo came up. The girl was pulling her nipples and blowing a kiss. Brin thought of the kiss she blew at Mike this morning and began to fuck herself harder. She got off and shook violently in Michael Tanner's office chair. She smiled and softly rubbed her wet, quivering clit. "Nice pictures TanMike!" She said with a satisfied smile. 

She got up and cleaned herself up. She had to go find out if this guy had read this file before he deleted it. She knew the perfect way to do that was to use her tits and ass. Her favorite way.

It seemed like forever to Mike Tanner for lunch to get there. He was toying around with some ad ideas all morning, but most of the time he was thinking about the girl that blew him a kiss on the way to work. He was kicking himself for not trying to get her to pull over. He didn't think that would work, but he wished he had tried. Just the thought of her beautiful face made him want to hit the bathroom and jerk off. 

Finally his partner's Drew and Ted came to get him for lunch. They always go to a restaurant in their building together. Mike was afraid to get right up then because he would have a tent in his pants. He thought, "If they saw that girl they would understand."

All through lunch Mike couldn't stop thinking about her. Ted was saying something but Mike wasn't paying attention. He was glancing around the room in a lustful day dream. The elevator door caught his eye as it opened. He turned to look.

The first thing he saw was a white high heeled shoe step off the elevator. He followed up her long sexy leg and his heart started pounding. It was her, the girl

from the stop light. She waltzed across the floor as if she owned the place. Every guy turned to look as she made her way to the bar just across from Mike's table.

She propped that pretty ass up on a bar stool and spun around until she was facing Mike. She got a surprised look on her face, then she smiled. Mike shyly smiled back at her. 

Ted was still talking about something. Mike still wasn't paying attention to him. He was to busy starting right up her little white dress. Her blond pussy was looking right back at him. His hand instinctively went underneath the table to his cock. He had to meet this girl and now was the time.

"Ted, Drew," he said cutting Ted off, "I'll be right back." He got up and thought he was going to pass out from being so nervous. He walked over to her and said, "We have to stop meeting like this!" He smiled, held out his hand and said,"Hi, I'm Mike Tanner. The guy in the car this morning."

She smiled, shook his hand softly and said, "Hi Mike, I'm Brin, Brin St.James." She giggled and shook her head in disbelief. "This is so strange. I have to be honest with you Mike, I have been thinking about you all day and now here you are. Weird." 

"Well Brin, you're not going to believe this, but I was thinking of you the very second you walked into this place. It's fate I guess, well - I hope!" He said grinning.

"I got to tell you my heart feels like it's going to pop out of my chest." He took a deep breath.

Brin put her hand on her breast and said, "Mine is too! This is the kind of stuff that happens in movies." She gazed at Mike. Her deep blue eyes made him melt. 

He bought her a drink and before they knew it, lunch was over. Ted and Drew were trying to get Mike so they could head back to work. "Wish this lunch could last forever, but damn it, it can't!" Mike said as he shook his fist jokingly in the air. He brought it down, leaned closely to her and boldly followed up with,"How about dinner sometime?"

"Only if it's tonight after work at your place Michael," Brin said with a sexy grin. She bit her lip in the cutest way like she was hoping he would say yes. 

Mike wanted to take her home right then but knew he couldn't. "That would be great Brin. Hell in fact, I can't wait until then! Here's my address," he said and wrote it down on a cocktail napkin. "Do you know where this is?"

"I think I can find it," Brin said. She chuckled and thought about getting off in his den earlier. She kissed Mike on the cheek and walked away. Again every guy in the place turned to look at her. Brin turned around, blew him a kiss then disappeared around the corner.

Ted and Drew razzed their partner about the fucking gorgeous babe he just landed. Mike just smiled smugly and said, "You know you're both damn lucky I came back to work at all." They laughed and Mike started dreaming about the night to come.

Brin pulled up in front of Mike's house thinking about the job at hand. She had a feeling this guy was clean but she had a job to do and swore an oath to do it. If he's not telling the truth, she would find out. The Eye would have no less from her. She knocked on Mike's front door.

He greeted her with a cold glass of wine and a big smile. Brin looked around his place like she had never seen it before. Mike had lit candles and the warm yellow light filled the room. Brin knew she was on the job but there was something about this guy that turned her on. She found Mike really attractive and hell, she had an orgasm here already. She wanted him to be innocent so she could fuck him.

Mike lead Brin over to living room and they sat. As much as she didn't want to do it Brin knew what she had to do. She leaned over to him and said softly,

"Mike?"

He leaned closer still to her and said, "yes." 

Brin held her hand up so fast Mike couldn't even tell that she gassed him. The small cartridge in the palm of her hand contained a very potent hypnotic drug called

TelAll the company came up with. It works like a charm. Mike immediately started to get dizzy from it. Brin felt bad but she had to do it. It was her job.

She reached into her hand bag and pulled out what looked like a small flash light. Brin held it in front of Mike's face, clicked it on and a strobe light started flashing in a strange rhythmic pattern.

Mike held tightly to the couch and said, "I feel like I'm going to pass out."

"You're OK Mike," Brin said softly. "Just a little dizzy that's all. Look at the light Mike. Try to focus on the flashing light. Do you see it?"

"I see it," he slurred a little like he was talking in his sleep. His grip on the couch loosened up and he fell limp in the chair. He closed his eyes and looked completely relaxed.

"I want you to tell me the absolute truth Mike," Brin said softly. "OK?"

"I will," Mike said in an even toned voice, his eyes still closed.

"Mike, I want you to tell me what happened when you got your e-mail today."

"It was really weird. I got the first two letters and down loaded them without a problem. When I down loaded the third, it shut down my modem program and booted up some new program. I hit the Esc button 16 times but it kept loading up. 

I don't know how I got this e-mail but a federal seal appeared on my screen.

Underneath it the word's Classified Information flashed in red. The prompt came up to see the file's contents so I turned my computer off. It was all I could think of to do. I turned my computer back on and deleted that file from my hard drive."

"Did you make any copies Mike?" Brin asked softly. She was biting her lip for real now. She could almost feel his cock in her.

"No," Mike said flatly.

"You're off the hook," Brin thought. Now, since she had him talking, it was time to see what he really thought about her. Sure it was unethical but that's what being an agent is all about. Brin grinned and said, "What did you think of me when you first saw me today?"

"I wanted to fuck you!"

"Right then you wanted me?"

"Yes, my cock even started to get hard."

Brin blushed and her heart started beating faster. She began to rub her inner thighs in excitement. "Did you rub your cock Mike?"

"Yes, I could feel my precome oozing out onto my underwear while I worked it," Mike said softly.

Brin pulled her skirt up. Her pussy was already dripping. She rubbed it intensely. Sliding her fingers in between her hot pink lips. She said, "Did you want to put your hard cock down my throat Mike?"

"Yes. I wanted you to suck me very badly."

"Did you want to shoot your sperm in my face like in the nasty pictures on your computer?"

"Yes, I imagined it dripping from your chin."

"Do you jack off looking at the pictures on your computer?"

"Yes I do."

Brin slid her finger deep in her pussy and jammed it in and out. She started breathing deeply and was close to making herself come already. "Which would you rather do Michael? Fuck me or jack off to your dirty computer pictures?"

"I want to fuck you Brin!" He said.

"Listen to me Mike. When you wake up you will remember none of this. You will still have the strong desire to fuck me. Do you under stand Mike?"

"Yes"

"You will wake up when I count to three." Brin pulled her skirt down, picked up her wine and said, "one-two-three." 

Mike woke up with a gleam in his eye. "You are so beautiful Brin. I'm glad you came over." He looked into her eyes intently and said, "I have got to kiss you. I just can't wait." He leaned over and they kissed deeply. Brin slid her hand up his leg to his growing bulge. He pressed it into her willing hand as their tongues intertwined. "God I want you to suck my cock Brin. I want to feel your tight little mouth on me," Mike moaned.

Brin dropped down on her knees and unzipped his pants. She yanked them down and his cock flopped out stiff and ready for her tongue. He put his hand on the back of her head and plopped it into her mouth. She sucked his meat right down, filling her throat. Mike began to groan as he fucked her pretty little face. His precome emerged and she lapped it up. Brin loved the musky taste of sperm.

She slid his cock out of her mouth and stood up. "I have wanted you to fuck me all day," she said as she pulled off her little white dress. She stood before him rubbing her large tits. She slid one hand slowly to her creamy pussy and spread her folds. Her clit stood out engorged and aroused. Brin flipped it back and forth with her index finger. She walked up to Mike and grabbed the back of his head. She shoved her pussy to his mouth and said, "Lick me baby. Eat my hot fucking pussy!"

Mike grabbed her soft ass and pulled her even closer. Her wet folds seemed to kiss him back as he darted his tongue in her fuck hole. He rubbed her ass hole with his thumb and she purred like a kitten. Brin pushed her pussy even tighter against his face and moaned. He sucked her clit into his mouth and worked it. She had an orgasm and her cream flowed into Mike's mouth. It tasted so good he could have licked her pussy all night.

Brin pulled back with a smile on her face and said, "That was nice!" She turned around and bent over straight legged and grabbed onto the couch. She looked back at Mike who was staring at her dew drenched snatch. "Let's see what you can do with that cock," she said. 

TanMike knew just what to do. He got behind Brin and rubbed his stiff cock on her wet folds. She pushed her heart-shaped ass back and his cock head popped right inside her. He held her hips tightly and pushed his meat into the hilt. His balls slapped against her swollen clit and Brin moaned deeply.

"That's right Mike, fuck that hole baby." Brin groaned. "Oh yeah baby, ride that pussy!"

"You want it harder babe? I'll fuck you harder!" Mike yelled as he pumped her faster. His cock was shining with her hot cream. He fucked her so fast his hips slapped against her ass with each stroke. 

He slid his hands up her soft sides and grabbed her big tits as they bounced.

He pulled her hard brown nipples and yelled, "You look so beautiful getting fucked baby!" He pulled her nipples harder and Brin groaned. 

Brin was panting heavily. She was going to lose it again. She held on tightly to the couch and trembled. A warm flow of her cream dripped down Mike's cock and sack. The extra warm, wet feeling brought his sperm right out. He held her tits tightly and filled her hot pink folds with his thick white sperm. It burst from her pussy and ran down her long legs.

Brin caught her breath. They held each other tightly until Mike was soft inside her. She turned around and gave him the deepest kiss he ever had. He held her close and didn't want this to ever end. Brin was thinking the same thing just when her beeper went off and almost broke the mood. "I'll get that later. I want more of that cock right now!" Brin said with a wicked grin.

She knew it was Number 11. Tan Mike was innocent so the Eye could wait. Brin turned off her beeper and they went into the bed room to continue fucking. All in a days work for a sexy, big tittied spy like Brin St. James.

The End

If you liked this story, or if you just want to make a new friend I would love to hear from you! - Nate