 I saw the envelope as soon as I reached my desk. It was placed conspicuously against a text book on the centre of the desk. As I looked at my handwritten name, I recognised her handwriting, and I quickly ripped open the sealed envelope. The folded paper contained five characters, I124Q, followed by her initials. At first, I didn't understand the meaning of the five characters, but then it hit me. It translated as, 'I want to fuck you!' Immediately, my heart began racing, and a smile broke on my face. "Yes!" I shouted, oblivious to the puzzled reaction I got from three colleagues sitting at nearby desks. Now, it was going to happen!

I had been flirting with Jenny for about a month before I saw the letter. We were both probationary teachers fresh out of teachers' college. As the only new teachers it was automatic that we would exchange notes. Admittedly, the only thing I wanted to exchange with this beautiful 22 year old beauty was saliva and other juices. Standing five feet nine inches tall, the olive-skinned, brown-eyed, big-breasted and firm round arse dream stood just an inch shorter than I am. With heels, she was a little taller than I am, but I could only think of her in a horizontal position so it did not intimidate me in any way. 

From the first day, I flirted outrageously with her, and she took it in good fun. However, she quickly told me that her boyfriend might take offence at my flirting with her. It was not much of a deterrent at all. I think she was just reminding herself that she had a boyfriend. Luckily for me, he was working away, and they would not see each other for a couple of months at least. When I said that he did not need to know anything, she smiled. That was my cue. I took her left hand with my right, looked at her and pulled her to me. She did not resist my kiss.

I've often been told that I was a good kisser so I was confident that once I parted her lips with my tongue, I'd give her a kiss to remember. Her lips were succulent, and she was very responsive. I pulled her closer and she thrust her body against mine. I felt my erection began to rise as soon as I began to feel the warmth of her body against me. She must have felt my growing hardness too because she thrust her pelvis against me as if wanting to capture my cock through her dress. The sexual energy was strong between us. If we were not in a public place-the empty staff room, I would have ripped off her dress and pushed my cock into her moist pussy. We broke away as we heard someone coming along the hallway. 

It was the same day when I held her note in my hand. Apparently, she had left it there before rushing off to class. I had come back after lunch to a free period, but I would have to wait the entire afternoon since she had classes the entire afternoon. It was a long afternoon. 

As soon as the bell rang announcing the end of the school day, I got rid of the kids as soon as possible and rushed to get back to the staff room. She wasn't there. Only Wendy, another teacher, was present. I decided to wait. A few others came in, picked up belongings and soon left for home. I began a conversation with Wendy who did not seem to be in a hurry to leave. She was marking some papers, preferring to complete her work at school before going home. Just then, Jenny casually walked in. I was sitting on my desk, my feet on the chair. She pulled up a chair next to my chair and joined in the conversation. We had not been speaking for long when the lights went out plunging the room into total darkness. It was an internal, windowless room, so even with the door open, no light was getting in. We had been having power cuts for a while so it did not surprise us. Our colleague swore and declared her frustration with the power company, but did not seem too annoyed. She had been fully engaged in the conversation and had not done much work for the past ten minutes, so we simply continued talking. 

When I felt Jenny's hand on my thighs, I thought she was just using the darkness to arouse me. The feeling in my cock was a clear indicator that she had succeeded, but not content on simply touching my thighs. She quickly moved her hand to my crotch and using the palm of her hand began rubbing her hand up and down the length of my cock. I had been speaking, and I involuntary went silent. Always aware, she asked, "What's that you were saying, James?"

I took the cue and breathing deeply, I continued speaking. However, it was not easy. The other woman was seated just a few feet away from us, and there was Jenny massaging my hard cock as if wanting me to cum in my pants! Then, to my disappointment, she stopped. However, it was only to quietly undo my belt buckle and pull down my zipper. 

With one hand, she pulled my underpants away and with the other, reached in and took my rock hard cock in her hand. The feeling of her soft flesh against the raging heat of my cock was wonderful. Her touch was exquisite. But she was not content to holding it and slowly began wanking my cock. I felt her move slightly and then felt the moistness of her mouth on the dryness of my almost painful cock as she took me in her mouth. Expertly, she used the tip of her tongue to tease the head of my cock. In swirling motions her tongue tantalised my cock while I hopelessly tried to maintain conversation. I don't know what I sounded like, but to me my voice sounded strange. Wendy continued our conversation, but I don't know if she was wondering why Jenny was not saying anything. To this day, I wonder if she knew what was taking place. I mean, I was really struggling to speak normally.

Jenny must have sensed that I was getting near my limit of control because she positioned her mouth completely over the head of my cock, beginning her sucking motion, while slowly using her thumb and her forefinger to wank me. I tried to continue the conversation, but it was extremely difficult. When I felt myself in the first throes of cumming, I knew I was in trouble. I reached across the desk to where I knew some books were and as I felt my cum explode into Jenny's mouth, I knocked the books over to the floor trying to mask the noise as I gasped for breath. 

As Jenny drained the last drops of sperm from my cock, I made a big thing about the inconvenience of the power cut. The colleague agreed and said she had been waiting for the power to come back on, but it did not look like doing so and decided that maybe it's time she left. Jenny, allowing my limp cock to slip from her mouth, agreed. As the colleague attempted to gather her belongings, I used the noise to redo my zipper and belt. It was not a moment too soon because the lights came on again. If the colleague had looked at me, she would have seen the expression of complete satisfaction on my face. I was drained, and I had still to acknowledge that I had seen the note and its message. But, that's another story all by itself.