 The Stag NIght

This is a True Story.

The Stag Night.

A while back I went, with around 30 of my pals to our annual stag night. There were to be two strippers and a comedian.

After our meal we got drinks and sat down to enjoy what was to come.

The comedian told a few jokes and then introduced the first stripper. She was a beautiful slim, long haired brunette with lovely shapely legs. It turned out that the rest of her body compared very favourably with those beautiful legs.

The music started up and she commenced her dance routine. She was an expert erotic dancer and soon was being cheered by us all, despite the fact that she was still wearing all of her clothes! 

The first garment to come off was her blouse, showing pretty medium sized breasts covered in a lacy bra which had no shoulder straps. The garment was very thin and her nipples pushed hard against the fabric. As the first number stopped and a slow number commenced she undid her tight black skirt and let it slip to the floor. Stepping out of it, she continued to dance, leaving the dance floor and joining us at the tables. One of my friends was led on to the stage and she gyrated in front of him pulling her white lacy panties down just so we got a glimpse of her pubic hair. She took his hand and guided it to the top of her crotch, allowing him to lower his fingers to her vulva.

A chair was brought on to the stage and he was beckoned to sit down. At this point she tried to remove his shirt; but he, realising just where things were leading, panicked and ran off the stage. 

The stripper looking towards us, indicated that she wanted another volunteer from the audience. I sprang to my feet, ripped off my shoes and socks and clambering up on to the stage, seated myself on the chair. I had realised that as most of us guys were married, there was the worry that there may be repercussions after our fun night out, but I was widowed and being unfulfilled sexually right now, was looking forward to some nice sensual pleasure. 

At this point I noticed the waitresses were standing by the side of the stage looking on quite eagerly. The stripper removed my shirt and trousers and dancing in front of me, indicated I was to put my hands on her tits. Needing no encouragement, I fondled her lovely 34-36" breasts getting my hands between her breasts and the thin bra with a little difficulty and managed to touch her nipples with the tip of my fingers. She was enjoying this treatment and with her back to me, whilst I was caressing her breasts she reached behind and undid the clasp of her bra. She bent forward, allowing the garment to drop to the floor. With me teasing her hardened nipples, she pushed back against me. My cock very hard by now, positioned itself between her buttocks. Catching sight of the waitresses again, I wondered what they were thinking.

The stripper pulled away and her hands found my cock. Before I knew it, she had ripped off my thong and there I stood in front of my pals and the three waitresses with my very erect penis pointing skyward. I have a strong exhibitionistic streak and it was not possible for my cock to get any bigger, thicker and harder now as I was so excited being naked with my erection in the full view of the waitresses. I was also getting cheered on by my pals. 

The stripper then started one of the most sexy dances I have ever seen and indicating her only garment apart from her high heels beckoned me to go to her. I went up to her and joining her in her dance, ran my hand down the front of her pants getting my fingers into the slit between her pussy lips. My how wet she was! She then ripped off her pants with my fingers still in her warm moist pussy and kissed me. (I assume her panties were held on with velcro for they didn't take a lot of removing!) She took me in her arms and our two naked bodies interlocked with my cock hard up between her legs tight up against her wetness.

I looked around at the waitresses and although they were not actually cheering due to the fact that they had to consider their jobs, they obviously were thoroughly enjoying the 'show' and I got the impression the youngest one had not seen an erect penis before for she had her mouth wide open!

The Stripper seated me once more on the chair and kneeling down, took my cock in her mouth. With one of my hands I was able to fondle one of her lovely firm breasts whilst the other found the top of her slit and was soon stroking her inner lips and clitoris. She was obviously thoroughly enjoying the evening although it was in fact work for her. This was obvious to me as on my fingers I had her slippery wetness, some of it now running down the inside of the top of her thighs. Oh how I wanted to fuck her! 

She was expert at fellatio and due to all that had happened up to now, I soon exploded. I had never up to now had a female take my cock in her mouth and swallow my semen, but she took every drop and obviously thoroughly enjoyed it!

Finally she got me to my feet and we danced naked with my still hard penis up between her legs - gosh, it was terrific feeling the closeness of her young slim naked body with my cock hard against her wet pussy! When the music finished, she led me back to my table where I quickly got dressed only a few feet away from the gaping waitresses.

In the interval we had a string of jokes and yarns from the entertainer followed by the other striptease artiste.

This girl was a pretty coloured lass with a beautiful satin lustre to her skin. She wore a backless black leather dress. The music started and she gyrated to a slow sensual number. She reached up under her skirt and in a flash had removed her panties. She offered them to the audience and I, taking the lead stood up and she threw them to me. Realising the opportunity that could be mine again, I jumped up on to the stage, joining her in her dance. She allowed me to touch her breasts and bum and took hold and stroked my cock which was already bulging in my pants. This time, the stripper was fully dressed, apart from her panties and she began stripping me. 

In a short time I was dressed in just my thong and she had her hand down the front, tightly gripping the shaft, whilst all the time continuing her dance. I was being pulled around the dance floor by my cock!!! She then ripped my pants off and started to masturbate me in front of everyone.

She let go of my cock and left me with it sticking straight up, much to the delight of the waitresses (for the second time) whilst she started her striptease proper. She unzipped the dress, the zipper running from under her left arm to the bottom of the skirt and stepping out of it, let her hands go to her tits. She took hold of her nipples through her bra and pulled on them. I was then allowed to undo and remove the bra and she got my mouth to one of her nipples to suck it and play with it with my lips. She obviously found this a real turn on for she gave a little sigh With me stark naked and her with just her heels and panties on, she took one of my hands and guided it to her crotch. She was also extremely wet. I ran my middle finger up and down her warm slit, opening her up, until I found her hard button. With me playing with her clit and with my other hand caressing one of her tits, she ripped her panties off. Now totally naked apart from her shoes.

I wondered at this beautiful female body, with the wonderful sheen to her dark ebony skin. Laying down on the floor, she indicated to me to join her. I could not believe my luck!!! I had wanted to shaft the white girl. But having enjoyed fellatio to conclusion with the first stripper, this girl was encouraging me to fuck her!!! To the cheers of my pals and by now the waitresses as well, we enjoyed each other, almost oblivious of where we were. After a while, she took the lead, pushing me over to lie on my back and mounted my body, facing me.

She had one hand at the top of her pussy stimulating her clitoris and as she fucked me woman on top style, I massaged and fondled her lovely breasts teasing and gently pulling on her nipples.

After our two bodies had engaged for a few minutes, hers started to build to orgasm and with her crying out, I felt her strong vaginal muscles pumping me. I thrust up hard into her as she banged her body down to meet mine. I was so sexually aroused and knowing how good it is to orgasm together, I continued my thrusting into her as she pushed hard down, with me trying to catch her up. With our two bodies frantically enjoying each other her orgasm continued to build and with her strong vaginal muscles gripping me tightly, we enjoyed a joint orgasm which lasted for a nice long time. It was an incredible experience, one I will never forget and we both got a standing ovation from my mates plus the waitresses as we stood naked with our two naked bodies up close to one another!!!