 This is the first time i have written anything so any constructive criticism will be appreciated - this is written from a female perspective.

*****

I lay on the beds soft sheets face down with my long hair splayed to one side. 

As he reached the side of the bed and swept a loose strand of hair off my neck and his fingertip brushed below my ear before continuing down my neck, a single finger so light across my skin but leaving a tingling sensation as he trailed it down my spine. Not stopping at my lace underwear but following through, tracing across my hip and down my thigh, i felt as if a thin line of sparks were dancing across my skin in the wake of his touch. 

As he reached my feet, i felt his soft mouth replace his finger, kissing his way back up my body - each one sending a small jolt through me. Some were just a simple kiss to the skin but every other touch i felt the small nibble of his teeth or a tiny lick of the tongue. Until finally he again reached my black lace underwear, and slipped his tongue under the seam where they met my inner thigh. I couldn't feign sleep any longer as i let out a small muffled moan into the pillow and felt his lips form that beautiful smile of his against my skin. 

In my mind i could see his almost too perfect body bathed in moonlight like last night, his muscled yet soft and smooth stomach, his strong arms that could not hold me too tightly to him. Long and well defined legs and his tight buttocks that my hands had memorised whilst pulling him into me. And my favourite and yet newly explored part of him was etched into my very being, they say size does not count but it sure can help things along to see a fully erect eight inches of penis perfection, an impressive girth and silky soft foreskin that i longed to touch and lick the first moment i set eyes on it. I try not to objectify my man in this way but it is hard not too when his whole package is as good as this. 

I feel the bed shift as he lies back down next to me and i cannot help but sneak a peek at him for under my hair, surely my memory is clouded by the amount of endorphins left over from last night, surely he cannot be truly that unbelievably perfect. My breath catches as i look him over, he is wearing nothing but a small towel around his waist and his fingers have continued to trail up and down my back. My fresh memory's swirling around my mind had not even done him justice, he is amazing and he is mine.

I do not remember the last time i actually woke up already horny and wet for someone. Perhaps never but i certainly was now, his touches and the almost cruel teasing of his tongue just an inch away had left me fully aroused and had awoken the almost painful passion we had shared last night. 

He hears my small intake of breath as i open my eyes and smiles down at me with his head propped up on one elbow. As my mouth spreads in the most truest of grins his other hand leaves my back to pull my hair away from my face and leans down to plant a short but blissfully smouldering kiss to my waiting lips. 

Pulling back slightly he breaks the silence, "you ok down there - you seemed to be dreaming about something nice," he said with a slight smirk forming.

"I almost convinced myself yesterday was a dream," i replied smiling as his smirk disappeared and was replaced by a smile that spoke volumes of how he cherished me. 

"I'm glad it wasn't just a dream" i whispered reaching my hand up to his face and caressing the edge of his lower lip.

"Me too" planting a kiss on my palm he leaned down and whispered right in my ear "i don't want to wake up even one morning without you by my side...ever".

My mind could not think of anything better to say how i felt the same way, so as he whispered these words to me i twisted round as his lips came away from my ear and caught them in a deep kiss that seemed to encompass a lifetimes worth of love and lust in just a few frantic heartbeats. 

As we both came up for air i nibbled slightly and then ran my nimble tongue over his lower lip, eliciting a guttural sound of passion from the back of his throat that sent a shoot of longing right down to my already aching cunt.

As he drew back i could see my lust reflected in his dark eyes and passion dilated pupils. I had now twisted so my bare breasts were visible and settled down on my side as his mouth came down onto my left breast , circling his warm tongue around the edge of the areola before sucking gently on my hard nipple, teasing with his teeth and using his free hand to massage the other breast before switching round and turning the same attention to the other side.

Not content to wait too much longer i freed both hands and found the edge of his towel, pulling it away from the tent it had formed over his fully hardened cock. Chucking the towel away towards the pile of our tangled discarded clothing from last night i let my fingertips tease the length of him from balls to head before grasping his throbbing member and stroking lightly. 

This evoked another rough and animalistic sound from his throat against my rock hard nipple. He pulled away from my breasts slowly kissing his way up my neck to the spot just below my ear that he knew drove me crazy. Then quickly moving up he kissed me cutting my ragged gasp off midway. 

As i continued stroking him with one hand i let my other slip under the lace and into my heated and wet lips, playing around my clit for a minute whilst still being passionately kissed and handling his long shaft with the other hand. My clit now super sensitive to the point of uncomfortable i slipped two fingers deep inside coating them well with my juices. 

I pulled away from the kiss lifting my hand to his mouth and placed my pussy juiced fingers onto his lips. He gasped slightly as he smelt my sex on them and quickly sucked one finger after the other clean and then went back to kissing my neck with a muffled moan that sounded like "mmmm-more"

I giggled at his reaction and he gently pushed me onto me back, getting to his knees so his penis in my hand seemed larger than life hovering above me. His kisses traced back down over my breasts as his hands lingered on my sides and then my hips before sliding my underwear down and off. As i raised my hips to allow this his kisses and touches lingered on my stomach and thighs, his hands swirling steadily towards but not quite on my aching pussy. 

He shifted further down, his penis now out of my reach, but i wasn't complaining as his kisses finally made it down to my bare mound. After an agonisingly long amount of time of his tongue and lips around the edges he finally snaked his tongue into the fold and right to my clit, one hand on each leg he traced his fingertip up and down and around the back of my knees as his tongue worked it magic on me.

One hand left my leg and made its way to my swollen pussy lips, fingers tracing the edges before one finger buried deep into me, i was right on the edge of a building orgasm as he added an extra finger and started jerking them powerfully upwards into my g-spot, getting into a rhythm his tongue rubbed flat circles on my clit then pulled back to flick it with the very tip of the tongue before going back to the flat pressure. 

As the pressure increased both on my clit again with his swirling tongue and the internal drumming of his fingers i lost myself in my intense orgasm.

I shook from head to foot as waves of ecstasy came crashing around my body, my pelvic muscles clenched around his fingers so tightly and my clit was on fire as i ground my cunt into his willing mouth. My juices flowed in abundance until his whole hand and mouth were coated.

As the orgasm peaked i couldn't help but scream, his name half shrieked as i came and mumbled again as aftershocks rippled through me. 

He rose up and snogged me full on, the taste of my own juices on his mouth making me already want more. As we kissed i struggled to my knees and he rose with me, his angry looking cock now prodding into my soft belly area and twitching. 

I dropped down wanting to taste him as well, precum coated the head as i swirled my tongue over and around his bell end, he lowered himself onto his back to give me a better angle and let out another growl as i grasped the base with one hand and in the other cupped his ball sack carefully.

My mouth slid down as his throbbing penis filled my mouth and hit the back of my throat. Rising back up i teased the end with small licks whilst my hand pumped his shaft repeatedly and i looked up at his face watching as i sucked him off. 

Turning my attention back to his mouth watering cock i took him as deep as possible, thankful that i had mastered deep throating and didn't have a sensitive gag reflex. I took most his length repeatedly as his hips started gyrating and his moans came more frequently. 

His hands snaked down to my hair and held me there, face fucking me brutally for a few strokes, i loved every second. He let go and i came up for air and slowed down my hand on his shaft, smiling up at him i licked yet more precum as it emerged and traced my tongue down his shaft around his balls and back up before climbing up his body and kissing him deeply the taste of my pussy juices mingling with his precum in our mouths. 

I lay on top with his penis resting just on my lips, my aching cunt was throbbing and needed filling badly.

As our kiss deepened my legs came to rest either side of his hips and his shaft lined up exactly, moving downwards he filled me , a moan of joy escaping both our lips as he penetrated as deep as possible, slowly sliding in until his whole length was filling me.

I started grinding into him gyrating my hips, feeling his rock hard cock pulsating inside stretching my pussy around his girth as i rode him. It wasn't long till i was shuddering in orgasm and as my rhythm broke he took over pumping his hips up into me - turning the orgasm into multiple waves hitting me i leaned forward and he took my erect nipple into his mouth doubling the pleasure as my body felt like it would break apart from the waves upon waves of sheer passion rolling through me. 

My mouth was open in silent screams that sounded only in my head as if my vocal chords had disconnected from my otherwise occupied brain. 

As i eventually came down from this multiple orgasm high and he slowed the pace i blindly found my way to his mouth and kissed him with ferocious abandon. 

Not breaking my kiss he flipped us over so i was on my back, somehow realising without me having to mention that my body was wrecked and tired from the orgasms and he needed to take full control. 

He started slowly but firmly pumping into me and before long we both had to break away from the kissing to come up for air. I kissed his chest feeling his heart pounding under my touch as he tirelessly drove into me again and again, moaning and both our hearts racing i craned my neck and whispered "Please cum in me...deep...mmmm" i broke off as a moan tore through me and another orgasm started to build. 

His pace increased and he half lifted me off the bed getting a better, deeper angle. My ankles now hooked over his shoulders his every stroke seemed to hit just the right spot, just as my orgasm hit i felt the first spasm of his penis as his orgasm hit as well, we both writhed as my spasming vagina walls milked his cock dry, we cried in tandem my weak high pitched moans lost behind his animalistic ones. 

Once our breath had returned i unhooked my legs and let them fall and keeping his still somewhat firm penis inside me we maneuvered onto our sides with my leg wrapped around his to keep us connected We kissed for several minutes and then whispered to each other for awhile then before too long we had fallen deep asleep entangled together, exhausted and sated. 

For now

*****

I may write a prequel to this chapter or a follow up chapter.