 Chrissie was spending the weekend at her parents' camp on Star Lake. She and her sister had been going to the cottage since they were children but it had been at least a few years since she had been there. She usually dreaded having to make time with her aunts and uncles just to enjoy some time at the beach but since she'd graduated college and taken a job in the city she felt she could use a break. 

She had hardly even walked in the door to the cabin when her sister, Liz, bounced up and gave her a hug. 

"You made it just in time, drop your stuff, get changed and lets go to the sand bar," Liz ordered. 

Liz was older than Chrissie by about 2 years. Liz had always been the one to get all of the attention from guys. Liz had bright blonde hair, a great body and was very outgoing. Chrissie didn't hurt in the looks department either but she hardly had the attitude Liz did. 

"Where is everybody?" Chrissie asked. 

"Mom and Dad went to Saranac to go shopping and the rest won't be here until tomorrow. Come on, I want to hit the bar before sundown." 

Chrissie wasn't thrilled with the idea, but could tell that Liz wouldn't take no for an answer. 

By the time Chrissie had changed into her bikini, Liz had gotten the boat prepped and ready. They chitchatted about jobs, guys and life as Liz steered the Starfish toward the sand bar. Star Lake has a sand bar that runs through the eastern bay that had long been the social hotspot on the lake around happy hour. As they rounded into the bay of the lake they could see a few boats already moored near the sand bar and some people hanging out. Liz grabbed a few beers out of the cooler as they anchored near the end of the sand bar and threw a beer to Chrissie. The girls jumped down of the boat into the cool lake water and waded over to the sand bar where some college guys were throwing a football and drinking beer. "Hi boys," Liz chirped as she approached the group. Liz had taken off the t-shirt covering her silver bikini top holding in her D cup breasts. 

"Typical" thought Chrissie. Liz was such a flirt. Chrissie followed behind taking a big swig from her beer. Chrissie was wearing cut off jean shorts and a tank over her red bikini. Her tits were smaller than Liz's but still a healthy C cup. Chrissie had sandy blond hair and deep blue eyes, on looks alone she rivaled Liz closely but Liz's flirty style always drove the men crazy. 

The guys took a break from their football tossing to check out the new arrivals. "You babes want a beer", a guy wearing a backwards visor called out. 

Chrissie held up her bottle and said sarcastically, "Already got one." 

Liz shot her sister the "don't be a party-pooper" look, downed her beer and yelled out, "Beer me, dude." 

The four guys gave out a howl. One of them turned up the music blasting out of his phone and Liz started to dance. Chrissie rolled her eyes, as a shirtless guy wearing a backwards hat approached. 

"Hi. I'm Bill." He said as he shook Chrissie's hand. "Do you guys live here or..." he trailed off. 

"Just up for the weekend," Chrissie explained. "Our parents own a cottage over near post office bay." 

"Cool. I didn't catch your name?" he said. 

"I didn't give it," she smiled. "Chrissie. And that's my sister Liz," she said nodding toward Liz dancing in the middle of the other three guys. 

"You want a jello shot?" Bill asked. 

Chrissie looked at him with a raised eyebrow. 

"I know pretty girlie," he shrugged "but Tim made a shit load of them last night because he thought more people were coming." 

"Sure" responded Chrissie, "I could use that beer now too," she said as she swallowed down the last mouthful of the beer she had been nursing. 

Bill came back with the beers and several jello-shot cups. 

After some small talk and a few shots Chrissie asked "How come your not dancing with Liz?" 

"I don't dance," He smirked. "Besides, she's not my type." 

Chrissie took the bait. "Oh yeah. Whats your type?" she asked as she put down another Jello shot. 

"Well.... More like you," he said with a smile and looked at her round tits. He leaned in and kissed her. Chrissie pulled away at first, then motivated by the buzz and stealing some of the spotlight from her tart of a sister, kissed him back. Her head was swimming but she suddenly caught herself and pulled away. She looked around, Liz and the college boys were oblivious, but there were a few older people standing about 50 yards down the sand bar. 

Bill sensed her sudden anxiety, "Don't worry, babe, nobody cares." 

"Come here," Chrissie ordered as she grabbed the waistband of his shorts and pulled him behind the boat and out of view of the rest of the party-ers on the sand bar. "I don't normally do stuff like this" she said, half justifying it to herself as she kissed him hard. They made out for a few minutes, his hands sliding up and down from her hips to her tits. Suddenly, she dropped to her knees and looked up at him with a devilish grin. She reached out and undid his shorts, pulling out his thick hard cock. She started jerking his shaft with her hand and greedily slurping at the head of his cock. Bill reached down and massaged her sandy blonde hair as she sucked his dick. "What am I doing?" she thought. She was by no means a prude but kneeling in the sandy water and sucking the dick of some guy she just met was a first for her. She loved the feeling, the sand and cool water up to her ass as she noisily sucked his cock and jerked him off. She looked up at Bill's face and saw him leaning against the boat with his head back and his eyes closed. She jerked harder and sucked his dick as hard as she could. She felt him grasp her hair and let out a groan. She quickened her pace and felt the pressure building in his balls. He grabbed the back of her head and pulled her face into his crotch, forcing his cock into the back of her throat. She gagged but then relaxed her throat anticipating his cum. He fired a hot stream of cum into her mouth that was too much for her to handle. Her head jerked back instinctively and she coughed as he fired another spurt of cum into the air that splashed into the lake. 

"Sorry," she coughed again. 

"Don't be," he smiled. 

She stood up and kissed him. She couldn't believe she just blew some random guy on the beach. She felt so slutty...but she loved it. 

He leaned in for more of the kiss and grabbed her tits. "Hang on" she said backing away and suddenly becoming very aware of the public nature of where they were as another boat approached the sand bar. 

"Come on, babe," Bill cooed as he pulled her back to him. She brushed him off. 

"Not now, here comes a boat." They walked back towards Liz dancing with the guys. They each grabbed a beer from the cooler and Bill winked at her. Liz's phone started to ring. She answered it and frowned at Chrissie. 

"We've got to head back." 

"Aw come on." Cried the young guy with the backward visor. Chrissie looked at Bill. 

"Where are you guys staying?" 

"Tim's house." Bill shot back. "Yellow house in Eagle Bay, top o the dune." 

"Come on Chrissie," called Liz. Liz smirked at Chrissie as they pulled anchor. 

"You little skank," teased Liz. 

"What?" responded Chrissie as she turned red. 

"I saw you making out with that guy behind the boat. Look at you, youre glowing." 

"Whatever," said Chrissie. "Youre one to talk."

Liz smiled "He's pretty cute though."

Chrissie sleepwalked through the rest of the night unable to get the feeling of what she had done out of her mind. She had plenty of sex during college, but this had made her feel really turned on. Chrissie was distracted all night, unable to think focus and thinking of Bill's cock and the fact that she was left unsatisfied.

The next morning she got up around 8, and told her family she was taking a kayak for a morning paddle. She set out for Eagle Bay not sure what her plan was. She spotted the yellow three story house and could see someone at the dock. Her heart raced. As she paddled closer, she saw it was Bill. He was toweling himself off and starting to walk toward the house. 

"Hey" she called out surprising herself. 

"Hey back" Bill called. " I wasn't sure I'd see you again" he smiled as she climbed up the dock.

"Yeah," she responded not sure of what else to say. 

"Do you want to come in?" he asked. 

"Is anybody up? " she queried. 

He could tell what was on her mind. He kissed her and said "No. Their all still passed out. Come on." She couldn't believe what she was doing, but she was so turned on that she followed him anyway. 

They walked into a sun porch that faced the lake. She grabbed him and spun him so they were face to face. She kissed him hard on the mouth and he kissed her back. He grabbed her ass through her mesh shorts. 

She looked deep into his brown eyes and whispered, " I couldn't get you out of my mind all night." 

He smiled back, "Me neither." 

She pulled off her t-shirt leaving her pert tits constrained by her sports bra. He pulled off her bra and sucked on her round tits. She loved the feeling and reached inside his shorts to find his wet cock was already hard. She began rubbing his cock up and down with her hand as he slid his hand into her shorts and began to rub her pussy. She moaned into his ear. He slid one finger inside her already wet pussy as he slid her shorts to the floor. She wanted to taste his cock in her mouth again. She dropped his wet shorts to the floor and pushed him on to a wicker couch that was in the sun porch. 

Chrissie kneeled on the couch, positioned her face over his cock, grabbed his hand and placed it near her now dripping pussy. She played with his balls and began to run her tongue in circles around the head of his cock as he started to finger her pussy. She couldn't believe that she was in a random house sucking some guy's cock, but the thought was turning her on so badly that she kept going faster. She engulfed his cock in her mouth. The feeling of his fingers sliding in and out of her pussy and his cock sliding in and out of her mouth were making her hot. She pulled his cock out of her mouth after a few minutes and breathed "I want you to fuck me." 

He grabbed her and pulled her so she was sitting on him face to face. "Fuck me" she groaned into his ear. She reached down and guided his cock into her dripping pussy. She slowly slid her pussy down his cock. His thick cock was stretching her pussy and she loved it. She let out a long moan. 

Bill couldn't help himself and bucked his hips burying his entire cock in her. 

"Ugghh" she gasped. "Please fuck me harder," she groaned. She felt like such a slut, she was riding a guy she barely knew bareback. She bounced up and down on his cock, having it jam into her pussy as her tits bounced in his face.

Bill liked her hard nipples. He slapped her ass and she groaned, "Harder. More." He bucked his hips faster burying his cock in her sloppy pussy as it made a sloshing noise. Bill stood up with Chrissie's legs wrapped around his waist driving his cock further into her pussy. She raked her nails down his back and moaned loudly. His balls slapped into her ass as he fucked her. Bill spun her around and set her on her back on the couch. He raised her legs up and began furiously slamming his dick further and further into her.

"Oh god yes. Fuck me. Please fuck me" she moaned. 

She loved the feeling of him pumping in and out of her, harder and harder. She reached out, grabbed his ass and drove his cock as far into her pussy as she could stand it. 

"I'm cumming, " she yelped. 

Her pussy gushed and clamped around his cock. He pulled out of her and picked up her heaving body, positioning her on all fours. She was breathing in spurts and her tits heaved as he shoved his cock into her pussy from behind. She bit down on her lip as he slammed his dick in and out of her. She looked up and saw one of his friends standing in the doorway, stroking his cock. 

She didn't care. 

She looked the friend right in the eyes and moaned. Bill slammed her from behind with all of his strength causing her whole body to shake and her big tits to bounce rhythmically back and forth. 

Bill's friend walked towards where she was being hammered on the couch. She was being used like a fuckpiece and she loved it. 

She nodded at Bill's friend and said "I want your cock in my mouth now." 

She could hardly believe what she was saying but the feeling of being fucked hard like a whore was overwhelming her and she wanted more. Bill's friend slid his cock into her open mouth. Bill was fucking her so hard that her teeth were grinding into the base of the other guy's cock. Chrissie moaned with the cock in her mouth. 

"You like that don't you" hissed Bill from behind her. 

The feeling of two cocks stretching her mouth and pussy were overwhelming her. She was grunting and moaning as the two men ravaged her mouth and pussy. 

The sensation was too much for Bill. He pulled out of her pussy. 

She flipped herself over and sat up positioning her face right in front of Bill's straining cock. 

"I want you to come all over me" she said. 

That was too much for Bill, as he unleashed a powerful stream of cum that hit Chrissie on the left cheek. 

"Give me more baby" she groaned as the next load splashed onto her heaving tits. 

More cum dripped from his cock as she slipped the head of his cock into her mouth. 

Bill's friend pushed her forward onto her hands and knees and took over her pussy. Bill's friend spread Chrissie's legs and began pumping in and out of her well used pussy. Chrissie just sucked on Bill's cock and looked into his eyes. Her body and tits rocked from Bill's friend slamming in and out of her. Bill's friend only lasted 30 seconds more, plowing Chrissie's pussy as hard as he could. He pulled his cock out of her gaping pussy. 

This time she sat up on the couch and purred "I want you to come on my tits. Come on give me that big hot load." 

Bill's friend jerked his cock furiously and let loose a huge load that splashed off of Chrissie's round tit and then dripped its way down her hard nipples. Bill's friend collapsed onto the couch next to Chrissie. She looked lustily at Bill standing there with his rock hard cock. She kneeled in front of Bill and began slowly and seductively bobbing her head up and down on his cock. 

Bill's friend quietly snuck out of the room as she continued her soft blow job, letting the cum drip off her tits. She gently stroked Bill's nuts with one hand, jerked his shaft with the other and milked the tip of his cock with her mouth. After a few minutes she sensed Bill was ready to blow another load. She quickened her pace and got ready. 

Bill let out a groan and thrust his cock into Chrissie's mouth. This time she swallowed Bill's whole load, drinking down the salty strings. Bill fell backwards onto the couch and threw her a t-shirt. She cleaned the jizz off her face and tits and then picked up her clothes. 

"I'd better be getting back," she said. 

Bill just nodded, still stunned. She smiled to herself as she dressed, she'd fucked him senseless and loved every second of it. 

As she slid the t-shirt over her glistening tits, he said, "Will I get a chance to see you again?"

She winked at him, walked over and kissed him. "Maybe" was her response as she walked away giving him one more look at her taut ass as she walked away.