 Prelude...

You are the exception to every rule I have.

There is skin, and then there is YOUR skin. Soft and rough, positively lick able and begging to be tasted. Your skin is the reason I can't concentrate.

Lips are made for kissing, but YOUR lips were designed to be devoured. And the words that escape them just provide my impetus to nibble you for hours on end.

You're driving me absolutely batty and you know it. How can I hide it? Why would I want to?

We know what cocks are for, don't we? But we will invent new purposes for YOUR cock. New ways to arouse it, to tease it, to bring it to a breathtaking conclusion.

Sex is for mere mortals. What we will do will stretch the boundaries of every expectation you have. This is the stuff dreams are made of...If you dream like John Holmes.

Read this part very carefully my Love: If you think you might be in over your head, fess up now and I'll forgive you. But if you choose to take this ride, to engage me in such a manner that will no doubt leave us both weaker and stronger at the same time, then you better start preparing. You took it this far- did you think I wouldn't take you all the way?

My advice? Fluids and carbs, learn to live without sleep.

There ain't no rest for the wicked, and wicked we will be.

The Beginning....

It started with the flutter in my stomach...the anticipation of meeting for the first time has sunk in and my tummy is twitching like mad. The dress- THAT DRESS- is taunting me from a hanger in the hotel room closet, practically daring me to put it on. The heels lay askew on the floor, mocking me. "I can do this..." I tell myself, "I can."

The shower is warm and relaxing, the water washing away some of the doubt along with the silky bubbles from the body wash I brought just for this, just for you. Afterward, I let the cool air in the room dry my skin while I apply lotion to my legs, my arms, my breasts. I chose this lotion as much for its scent as for the way it softens my skin. I apply it slowly to every inch and imagine your reaction when you step close enough for it to catch your attention.

Next comes my hair- to be worn up or down? To wear it up, exposing my shoulders would be tantalizing, I think. The tie for the halter at the back of my neck would be immediately visible to your eye. But would you know right away that to untie it would render the dress useless? For it will surely fall to the ground in a puddle at my feet...

Tiny earrings to draw your eyes to my lobes, a subtle chain to bring your attention to the expanse of my neck and breasts, a delicate bracelet to accent my wrist...all chosen for the purpose of my seduction of you.

But these are the obvious charms- what you see on the surface. What you can't see is the lace thong with pearls that cleave the crease of my ass. The sheer brasserie that barely contains the fullness of my breasts and does nothing to hide the erectness of my nipples that comes so naturally when I think of you. The special attention I've paid to making sure you have a beautiful workspace- soft, smooth and inviting with just a tiny strip of detail to remind you that I am very much a WOMAN.

The dress and shoes are now on, and with them come the butterflies again. So much effort and anticipation- but will it all be for nothing? I check my watch- you've been waiting at the bar for 5 minutes now. I decend the elevator to the approving glance of the man who has joined me for the ride. I exit the car feeling bolder and sexier.

And then I see you at the bar and my bravado immediately dissipates once again. You're sipping a drink and checking your watch. Fidgeting with the cuff of your shirt and twirling your straw- I think you might be nervous too. You turn to see me as I approach- this is it, The Moment of Truth.

All you say to me is, "Wow."

And that's all I needed to hear. We proceed to the restaurant; it's torture, you know. Sitting here across from you, looking into your beautiful eyes and trying to concentrate on dinner specials and a wine list and 'would we care to order a dessert souffle now'? Who cares?!

There's this MAN in front of me- this amazing, wonderful, incredibly sexy and absolutely unaware man who is looking into my eyes and I just can't remember my own name right now. I reach out and touch your hand tentatively, hoping you won't pull away. You curl your fingers around mine and the feeling- that exquisite shock- travels from my fingers to my thighs in a flash.

I think he likes me.

I fidget in my chair a bit to place the pearls of my thong exactly where I want them. They are slippery wet and I fear they might just fall apart completely, you see. But for the time being, a single pearl rests in just the right spot and as I lean forward, I gasp at the sensation.

Dinner flies by- the conversation was wonderful- enticing and flirty, more satisfying than the paltry amounts of food we managed to swallow in our distracted state. And now what? The plates have been cleared, the stupid souffle was forgotten- who needs food when we can feast on each other? But you have other plans first...

A short walk along the waterfront, you offered your arm to support me in my heels (or so you said). I know the truth- my breast is resting against your arm and I think that was your motivation all along, but who am I to deny you? We hear the strains of some jazz music from a local bar as we make our way back to the hotel. You sweep me into your arms- your hand in the small of my bare back sending shivers down my spine and you rock me close to your body. So close that I can feel your heartbeat with the palm of my hand on your chest. I lean into your warmth and whisper into your ear, "Take me back to the room now. I need to taste you. Please."

You step back from me and I see something in your eyes- are you shocked? Disappointed? Worse yet, are you offended at my brazen behavior? That moment was simply nerve-wracking...and you just stood there.

Mortified, I said "I'm so sorry I just thought that you...that we..."

"Oh no, I'm totally with you." you said. "I...um...just can't walk right now."

Back to our hotel we rush, our impatience and arousal palatable to everyone unfortunate enough to get in our way. We wait for the elevator, which never seems to arrive.

"Stairs," you whisper, "it's only a few flights."

At the base of the first floor landing you kiss me, over and over for minutes that seem to last for hours. Your hand holds the curve of my cheek and the arc of my jaw, while your lips slip to my neck. We tear apart reluctantly and I pull you to the next flight of steps...

The second floor welcomes a reversal of roles- my mouth on your lips, your neck. My hand gently flutters over the visible bulge in your pants and, encouraged by what I feel, I apply a slight pressure with my fingertips. I hear you groan and you push my back to the wall and kiss me harder, sucking and bruising with your insistence.

Only one more flight to go. We run, skipping steps in our clumsy haste. Your hand reaches for the door and I stop you for a moment. I take your hand and slip in under my dress to feel the silkiness of my thigh, the heat coming from my body, and then your fingers discover the pearls. You grin like a child with a new toy, "For me?" you ask. I blush and smile. "That is so sexy!" You tug gently on the strand and hear me gasp. 

We walk to our room slowly now, building the anticipation for a few final moments. The key slips into the lock with ease and you hesitate before pushing the door open. "Are you sure about this? No doubts?"

I slip past you and stand in the dim light of the moon shining into the window. I reach up and untie the knot at the back of my neck and as predicted, my dress slips to the ground. Naked but for my sheer bra, thong and heels I stand before you. I think that answers your question.

"You're beautiful."

That's all you said to me in the moments after I revealed myself to you. My hands instinctively went to cover my body, feeling suddenly shy and exposed.

"Don't." you whispered, walking toward me slowly. "I want to see you."

You took my hands in yours, wrapped them around my back and locked your eyes with mine. Face to face with you, having you this close to me makes me tremble a bit. My bravado, my boldness has slipped away and I'm suddenly helpless. Sensing this, you decide to take the lead.

It begins with kisses along my collarbone, my neck, my shoulders, which make me moan and sigh in delight. My hands still pinned behind me, I'm both captive and captivated- this just feels way too nice. You stop for a brief moment and press your body against me, "Come with me." It's not the last time you'll say those words to me tonight.

You guide me to the bed and position me on the very edge as you kneel before me. Gently, you lean my body back and begin to slowly explore my warmth with your fingers. You slide the pearls aside and probe softly and gently, teasing me with your light touch. I'm urging you on with my words, my hands, and my gasps of pleasure. My back is arching as I pull your head closer to me and show myself to you. There's no shame, no shyness anymore.

Finally your lips and tongue begin to taste me, gently at first, then deeper and more urgently. The pearls are slipping back into place and in your excitement, you tear them from the lace and continue feasting on me. This is too much and for the first time that night, I cum hard, shaking and shivering while your hands hold my hips steady.

In one fluid motion, you rise and position yourself above me and you enter me roughly, filling me entirely. Your hands seek mine and our fingers lock together as you ride my body harder and faster, while biting my neck and kissing my lips. Again I feel the storm rising and I tighten around your shaft- this is the signal you wanted. You increased your speed and drive harder and harder still as I wrap my legs around your waist and spasm again. You slow your pace then- you're not done with me yet.

Like a rag doll, you turn my body over and enter me again. There's no finesse now- only raw and carnal need. Your hands are again on my hips as we find our rhythm- I've recovered from my bliss and am ready to meet your movements. I brace my feet on the floor with my legs spread wide as you fuck me with complete abandon. That's what this is now, baby. This is fucking- pure and simple. I can feel you tensing, hear your breathing become faster- it's time. Slowly, not breaking our rhythm, I lift one knee onto the bed and you sink even deeper inside me. I whimper and gasp as you slam harder and reach the deepest part of me. And then I feel it- the heat of your cum filling me entirely.

You collapse on me, reaching for my hands once again and we lay still for a moment until the throbbing subsides. But you are still hard, and I want more.

"Again," I whisper to you. "More."

"Anything you want, baby. I promise."

To be continued...