 Jess knew Sam from work. Every Wednesday he would be there to have a meeting with the MD and she would always be on reception to greet him. They had known each other in this manner for 2 years now. They'd always gotten on well and seemed to have plenty in common. Jess was engaged to Michael, a simple man with simple tastes. He liked football, cricket and beer – but he was kind and generous. Jess and Michaels 12 year relationship, which started at university, was a comfortable one. It wasn't exciting or sexy but it was stable. Lately Jess, who was now in her mid 30s, was starting to wonder if there was more to life than the 9-5 job and a curry on Fridays.

Wednesdays were Jess' favourite day; she wore matching lace underwear and always wore her best perfume. At first it was a subconscious effort but later it was a necessity, she had to do it, she did it for Sam. Sam was in a relationship with Sarah who had no distinguishing features or personality traits but adored Sam and would do anything for him. He had always associated this with the sort of love he'd always wanted but maybe there was something more exciting in life, something more carefree. On Wednesdays he would kiss Sarah goodbye and drive with a little too much skip in his step to 100 South Street, where Jess, sexy Jess would be working on reception.

Jess had caught his eye the first day he'd landed the contract at Winston Brothers, she had the prettiest smile he'd ever seen and was always so friendly. He could tell she was self conscious though based on the clothes she wore, she clearly had a really hot body but covered it up and he couldn't understand why.

--

One day, after his morning meeting with the boss, Sam asked Jess out to lunch.

"How about I take you to the Turkish place down the road and we can try it out for the sake of comparison." Was his offer. Previously they would have had heated debates about the best Turkish restaurant or the best type of food or the best band. Their often intense but friendly debates were how they had gotten to know each other. Today was the first time they would be socialising outside of the office.

They arrived at the cafe and took a table in the corner. The table was tiny and they had to squeeze around various other people in suits on their fast business lunches. The smell coming from the kitchen was delicious but to Jess' surprise her stomach was doing flips. She couldn't understand it, it was just lunch, why was it exciting to her?

They sat down and ordered a mix grill to share with two beers. The beers were cold and clean tasting, Jess almost finished hers before the food arrived. Up until then she was trying to keep her ankles respectfully under her chair but she was getting uncomfortable so she put her feet out in front of her. Instead of giving her room Sam just put his legs either side of hers and let them rest on her. To the outside world it would've looked perfectly natural but to her it was an exceptionally intimate act. He squeezed her legs gently with his for a moment and her pulse raced as she feebly tried to eat the food in front of her.

The conversation was easy going and natural and they spoke constantly; of work at first then of topical subjects and music, theatre and of course food.

"Not hungry?" He asked as he had noticed her playing with the food on the plate.

"Um, I'm full actually, I think the beer filled me up, all those bubbles!" She replied, in truth her stomach wouldn't let her eat. She felt 15 again with new hormones raging through her body. He had noticed her become a little flustered when he had put his legs around hers and was taking some pleasure in watching her trying to hide it. He enjoyed the feeling of touching her, even if it was in this small way. He didn't have any agenda asking her out for lunch, not at first anyway; he enjoyed her company and thought it would be nice to get to know her better but sitting here opposite her, watching her play with her hair and hearing that amazing laugh, he had been getting strangely turned on. At one point she had smoothed her skirt over her knees and had lightly touched his leg. He pretended not to notice but enjoyed the feeling immensely. Was he imagining it or did she intend on touching him? She gave him a look with a sideward smile. They finished their food and paid at the till, splitting the bill.

Outside the café she started to automatically walk in the direction of the office.

"Actually," Sam said, "My car is this way and I'm going to another meeting this afternoon." 

She turned back.

"Oh, ok then, lunch was really nice, thanks." Jess replied, smiling.

"Yes, it was." He said returning the grin, "Listen, can I have your mobile number? Just in case a work thing comes up or something." He had already been getting his mobile from his pocket. She was thrilled by this and knew there was no work thing that meant he would need to contact her so it was obviously a personal request. They exchanged numbers and just before they went their separate ways, he leaned in and kissed her on her cheek with one hand on her waist. She smelt his aftershave and her stomach did another little flip. He lingered there a second longer then was necessary and at that moment they both felt a spark.

He walked towards town and she turned and walked towards the office, looking back once to catch a glimpse of that fine behind of his.

By the time she had arrived back to the office she'd received a text from him, 

'I really did enjoy lunch, we should go out again sometime. S'

A thrill rippled through her as she read the text back. Then she told herself to stop these silly thoughts. It was just lunch, with a friend, that's it!

"Oh boy, I'm in trouble!" Sam said to himself as he sat in his car. The smell of her sweet perfume still lingered and his semi erect cock was resting like an anvil on his leg. The guilt kicked in now, and he thought of Sarah at home. "It was just lunch, with a friend." He told himself, "Who I'd really like to fuck." Oh, boy was he in trouble!

--

As they walked, they were intimately aware of each other, feeling the heat from the other without actually touching. Today was different to all the other days they had walked together from work, Sam to go to his car, Jess to get the bus home. Since their first lunch they had started to spend more time outside of the office together; mostly drinks with their colleagues but often just the two of them walking to their respective transport. Jess gestured to the cash point with a nervous grin and Sam stood a couple of feet back while she took her money out. Her mind was reeling; she desperately wanted to kiss him, to feel his mouth on hers and to have him do all those things to her that she had fantasised about in the shower.

Jess knew it was wrong, all of this; the sexually charged text conversations they had been divulging in recently and of course that stolen kiss at the Christmas party. She needed to make some distance between them, for all their sakes. That text exchange over the weekend had been playing on her mind, she couldn't stop thinking about Sam, and couldn't wait to see him on Wednesday for their walk from work. She felt an ounce of disgust in herself as she had remembered sitting next to Michael on the sofa while re-reading the texts from Sam and becoming increasingly turned on from it. She knew nothing more would happen between them, they'd both said that, but she still felt a twinge between her legs when he arrived that morning.

Sam stood on the street checking out Jess' arse, he was thinking about what he could do to an arse like that and shivered with the thought of having his hands on it, biting it. The texts from the weekend had been going through his mind too. Sam hadn't done anything with another woman since he'd been with Sarah and found this whole situation really exciting but even though he was playing cool around Jess, the texts had been getting to him. She said the naughtiest things in writing and he found it hard to associate this with the same person he knew in real life, he felt the urge to put the two together. One particular text came to mind and he realised he was getting even more turned on.

Jess was just about to turn around and tell Sam that the erotic texts should stop, that they should just stay friends when she felt his warm breath on her neck and his hands on her waist. She quickly turned around to face him and he kissed her with a tender yet fiery embrace. She shuddered with excitement and moved her body closer into his and kissed him harder. Their mouths enveloped as they hungrily bit into each other, their tongues feeling and exploring, their bodies pressed together, hands clinging.

Jess pulled away a few seconds later; they were still holding each other and both breathed heavily. What was she just about to say? Her mind was foggy for a moment until she remembered.

"We um, we shouldn't do this." She protested, her whole body quivering. She didn't want to be saying those words; she hadn't felt passion like that in a long time.

"No, we probably shouldn't, sorry." He replied. Neither moved. 

"I mean, you've got Sarah." Jess said, "And I'm with Michael, it would hurt so many people if we continued with this." As she finally broke away from his arms.

"Yes, yes it will." Sam said with the memory of Sarah at home. He didn't want it to be true, but he knew it was. He took her by the hand and kissed it. As he did so, she looked at him, him at her.

"It would really be wrong though, wouldn't it?" She said, not very convincingly.

"Wrong and... dangerous." Sam managed in reply.

This word seemed to ignite a flame inside them both, the riskiness of it all turned them both on. Another second later he couldn't help himself, his body was taking over.

Sam led Jess around the corner into a shadowed ally, they walked hurriedly for a few paces until he stopped and pushed her against the cool brick wall. At first she protested but then gave into him. He immediately kissed her and moved one hand under her T-shirt and onto her back; the other held the back of her neck, roughly pulling her face towards his. Her skin felt so soft and supple. They both gasped for air as they kissed, as if the lust was too great and it was taking the wind out of them. He pulled her long leg up to his side and slid his hand onto her arse. He pushed his already hard cock into her crotch and she moaned with the pressure she could feel between her legs - she could feel how hard he was for her. He kissed her neck and it drove her wild, making her bite her lip to stop her from shouting out.

Sam found her breasts under her T-shirt, her perfectly formed breasts trapped under a layer of tantalising lace. He could feel her pert nipple under the material and he pinched it lightly. She gave another moan and bit his earlobe in response as she moved her hand towards his throbbing, hard cock. A small rush of thrill went through her as she imagined him pushing inside her. Jess was aching for him and was getting wet with anticipation. Sam wanted to be inside her, to taste her, to make her scream. As if on cue, an older couple walked past them on the otherwise deserted road and gave a 'tut' of disapproval. This broke the spell.

It took them a few minutes to compose themselves and they straightened their clothes. Jess knew if they stopped now they hadn't done anything really wrong and they could still carry on as if nothing had happened. Lust is addictive she told herself and even though it would be amazing to have him, it would certainly change things for them forever.

Just as these thoughts were going through her head and as if he had read her mind Sam spoke first. "How about I give you a ride home today?" He said.

"Michael will be there." Jess said quietly.

"Well, I'll drop you around the corner from your flat then, if that's better."

Even though she thought the same she couldn't hide her disappointment. Sam tried to hide his grin; he'll give her a lift home but he had other plans for her first.

"I'm not parked in the usual spot; I'm in the multi-storey today." Sam said as he led Jess to his car. He couldn't believe he was doing this but his body was screaming at him to do it, it was just his mind he needed to quieten. He had been thinking about sleeping with Jess ever since that first lunch together and since that kiss at the Christmas Party he wanted her even more, it had made it real. Sure, he'd tried to tell himself it wasn't right and it wasn't, but he didn't know what to do anymore. He was feeling hard done by at home and he and Sarah hadn't had sex in months. 

They reached the multi-storey car park on the edge of town, the sun was dipping below the horizon and there was an orange glow as the final beams of the early October sun set. It was a mild evening.

"Second floor." He said pointing to the stairs. He watched her walk up the stairs in front of him, getting an eyeful of her luscious buttocks and thighs. They were perfectly formed, with just the right amount of movement but also toned. He could tell she was wearing French knickers and wondered if they were lacy to match the bra. He couldn't wait to take them off her.

Jess walked out into the car park level. "There are no cars." She remarked, not turning around. This time he didn't give it a second thought as he grabbed her from behind and put his hand on her stomach, slowly moving it down he rubbed her over her skirt and at the same time roughly massaged her breasts. This time she didn't object. She threw her head back and let herself go.

"Tell me what you want me to do to you." He whispered in her ear.

"Uh, I; someone might come in." She said, taking some thrill in this thought herself.

"I don't care, I just want you." He said.

"I want you to; lick me." She said with just a little hesitation.

Sam pushed her against the wall once more and kissed her full on the mouth. He held her arms above her head and relished in her futile attempts to release herself. Jess was fully enjoying being restrained, at this point he could've done anything to her and she wouldn't have objected.

"I want to make you scream." He said in her ear, and this made her tingle with anticipation. He got onto his knees in front of her, running his hands down her body as he went. He helped her out of those lacy French knickers with a knowing grin.

Sam teased her just a little as he rubbed his hands up her smooth legs and kissed the top of her thighs. She moaned as he teased her, she wanted to feel his tongue and pleaded with him to do it, to lick her. Her hands went to the side of his head, pushing him ever so gently to what she wanted him to do.

He didn't keep her waiting for long; he buried his head between her legs and having found her clit, flicked it and massaged it with his tongue. Her knees almost buckled.

"Oh God, that's it!" Jess exclaimed, barely able to hold herself up. He lifted her right leg and put it onto his shoulder as he slid two fingers inside her and curled them to meet his mouth. He kept moving in the same rhythm, licking her clit while pushing his fingers inside her. She was repeating his name and her hands grasped at his hair as she contorted and arched.

Jess went quiet for just a second before her thighs tensed and he felt the ripples go through her pussy as she climaxed. She cried out as the waves of orgasm wracked through her body. She had been pushing on the back of his head but now she put her arms above her head with her head thrown back, her mind was numb with the pleasure washing over her.

As the orgasm subsided, she panted and rested her cheek against the wall. He stood up and pulled her towards him.

"Christ; that was amazing." She breathed into his ear.

"Thanks, I loved hearing you scream like that, I could do it to you all day." Replied Sam, and he meant it. He couldn't understand it when other guys refused to go down on a girl when it turned him on so much; to hear her make noises like that from what he did with his mouth.

They stayed there a few seconds more, while she recovered from what had just happened. "Now, I want you inside me." She said to him as she rubbed him over his trousers. She was so wet for him, so ready for him. She undid his belt and reached inside his underwear for the treat that was waiting for her. She gently massaged the head and his breathing became shallow.

"Do you want to be inside me, Sam?" Jess asked softly between kisses, gently easing her hands into his trousers further and caressing him tenderly between her hands. She could feel that he was rock hard by this point and he felt as big as she had imagined. Sam could only manage a mumbled affirmative response. He felt in his back pocket for a condom and put into her hand; however, instead of putting it on straight away she held onto it. She felt a tingly thrill at being a tease and at this moment he was putty in her hands and she felt completely empowered.

"I want you inside my mouth first." Jess said to him with a grin as she crouched down in front of him. There was nothing telling her to stop now, all she could think about in this instance was being with Sam. When she was level with his crotch, she kissed the sides of his cock while stroking it with her hand. She put just the tip into her mouth and wrapped her warm soft lips around it, sucking it like a delicious lollypop.

"Oh, that feels good!" Sam exclaimed, as his breathing quickened and his hands gently pushed her hair back from her face. His hands finally rested on the back of her head giving the slightest of pushes. As she teased the base with one hand, she cupped and massaged his balls with the other for a few moments before putting his length deep into her mouth. He grunted as he felt her warm mouth envelope him and her tongue massaged around the tip. She put one hand between his legs and grabbed his arse, pulling him towards her as if she couldn't not get enough of him. He had to put his hands on the wall to steady himself.

Just then, as he was nearing the point of coming, she stopped and raised up to face him. She retrieved the condom and put it on him with some skill. Jess breathed heavily as he pushed her legs apart with his, then as if he had changed his mind he quickly turned her around so she was facing the wall. Jess gave a surprised yelp as he grabbed her at her hips and bent her over in front of him, pulling her skirt onto her back. She held herself up with her hands on the wall. He guided himself into her wet pussy, just the tip at first but then he pushed deep inside her. She gasped at the sudden rush as he thrust inside her repeatedly.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" She cried out. "Fuck me Sam!" Her explicit words took her by surprise.

"You feel so good, you're so tight." He stammered.

Jess arched her back so that he could drive deeper inside, she felt like she would be split in two and screamed out again as she felt the thrusts hammer through her pelvis.

"I'm; going to; come." He gasped as he massaged her round perfect arse.

It took just a couple more thrusts before he felt the pressure in his balls build up and then the release as his orgasm pulsed through him. He let out a moan of satisfaction and a pant as his head spun, feeling dizzy for a moment.

"That was; great." He managed to say, eventually.

He carefully pulled away and she retrieved her knickers that were flung across the floor.

"Jess," he said as he did up his trousers, tucking in his shirt, "as good as this was, and it was really good, this can't happen again you know, this needs to be a onetime event."

It stung a little that he was saying this to her, when it was her idea all along to not do it at all. He still gave her a lift home and before getting out of the car, she turned to him and thanked him for the lift. Despite her boldness in the car park, she still blushed at the fresh memory and looked down at her hands with an embarrassed grin.
