 Have you been lucky enough to play with the same partner long enough to establish a mutual trust? Well I have and believe me when I say that these encounters are phenomenal. I've been seeing a local lady for some time. We're developed a trusting relationship and each understands the desires and wishes of the other. I email'ed asking if I could see her the following week. I agonized over the weekend looking forward to our time together while reliving past encounters. Needless to say, as the time neared, I was rife with desire. The evening before our tryst, I email'ed her the following: "Remember when I visited in your other place and I asked for the stockings? Do you still have them because I'd like to use them again, that is if you would also. I think I'm in a playful mood and would love to tease and torture you with passion. Think you're up to it?" No reply.

Arriving on time the next day, my beautiful friend was as ready for me as I was for her. Entering, she kissed me, a deep, intimate, passionate kiss between lovers, our body rubbing, our hands roaming. Separating, we moved to the couch to talk and play. I didn't ask about the stockings, waiting for her to broach the subject. I did ask if she dreamed of me and, with a devilish glint in her eyes, she whispered "No, but after receiving your email I went to sleep thinking about you and today." So, she had received the email but the stocking were no were to be seen. Before long we were locked in an intimate embrace, kissing, touching and playing. Between moans my lover said "Let's go to bed.", but I continued to tease and torment. Eventually we broke and adjourned to the bedroom.

Upon entering I found the stocking laying on the bed. Examining them, I looked to my lover as she quickly disrobes. Her eyes are glowing and I've never before seen such a Cheshire Grin on her face. Silently, she quickly jumping into bed, her hips moving as she extends her arms towards me, a pleading expression on her face. Smiling, I return the stocking, disrobed and joined my lover, kissing and caressing every inch of her exquisite body. Soon, her hand moves between my legs, touching and teasing me. My hand reciprocates, her hips rotating, the moans exquisite as I teasing bringing her closer to the edge. Pantingly, her hips leave the bed as she tries to position my hand, to get relief. Realizing what she is doing, I avoid, torturing my lover with pleasure. When the moans are almost screams, I force myself to separate and stand beside the bed.

Grasping one of the stocking, at the toe end I tie a loop. My lover rapt attention is fixed upon my every movement as she anticipates her next round of pleasure. Once again she extends her arms, her eyes glowing as her hips undulate on the bed. Placing the loop over her hand and sliding it to her wrist, I secure the other end of the stocking to the headboard. Repeating the procedure on the other stocking and hand, my lover is now helplessly at the mercy of my teasing and torturing. Returning to the bed, I position my body directly atop hers, her hips grinding deeply into me as we once again kiss, deep, soul searching passionate kisses. 

Moving down, I stop to suckle from my lover. Her hips grind into me while she moans and her head moves left and right. "Oh Honey" she repeats between moans as I nibble and enjoy, First one, then the other, moving between the two, while I savor her voice, moans and hip movement. I know if I stay her much longer, she is going to release and I don't want her to reach nirvana just yet, so I continue my downward movement.

Stopping between her legs, I gaze at my lovers beautiful pudenda. Exquisite. Then slowly, teasingly, coming ever so close but not allowing release, I enjoy the nectar of my love, savor the silky texture, bask in the aroma, circling but never touching the one spot that will cause release. Selfishly teasing, I'm in heaven and I know my lover would like to join me, but not yet my secured dear, we need just a little more torture. I position my index finger at the sphincter to massage while my tongue continues to tease. Following her movements, my finger continues to please while her hips move off the bed and slowly returns. As her hips move away, the tip of my finger enters to tease, but my lover has other ideas. Driving her hips down violently, she impales herself on my finger, gasping and moaning. Leaving my hand stationary, my lover enjoys my finger while my tongue continues to tease. The moans have gone from whimpers to sobs, so now dear, its time. Opening my mouth wide, I suck her pudenda into my mouth, drive my tongue deep within her and tease her love button with my upper lip. As she repeated impales herself on my finger, my tongue find the edge of her G-Spot to flicks and tease until she releases. Oh, what a release. Her hips are thrashing furiously, her sobs are now screams. On and on she goes, bucking so violently I'm almost thrown from the bed. Allowing her to return to earth, my lovers opens her eyes, tries desperately to focus on me, says "I want to taste you.". 

Teasing my secured lover just a little more, I move up her body and suckle, then continue and kiss, and finally, straddling her chest, I grasp the headboard and lean forward. My lovers head leaves the bed trying desperately to suck me deeply into her mouth. Without the use of her hands, she's almost lost as I continue to tease and torment. Bumping just below her nose, my lover repositions her head and again tries to locate me, but I move and brush her lower lip. Finally, since I too want to be in her exquisite mouth, I relent and enter her sensual cavity. Oh, now I'm in heaven as I watch my arm less lover savor me. What a beautiful sight, her head moving up and down while my hips move back and forth. Closer and closer I move to the edge until my handless lover removes me from her mouth and licks up and down. If you've never watched a secured beauty fellating, you are missing the eighth wonder of the world. Then back into her mouth, her head and my hip movements in perfect synchronization. I wish I could stay forever, but I don't want to release just yet.

Removing myself from her mouth, I move down and wrapped her breasts around me. Moving my hips back and forth we both savors the visual images. I know my lover relishes the sight, and her moans and intense starring confirm that knowledge. Back and forth, over and over until I'm ready to explode. "I want you inside me!" my lover states. So, I grasp and pull on a cover and move between her legs, before entering, rub her pudenda making sure I touch her love button. Still secured to the headboard, I enter and relish the visual images as I slide slowly in and out. What a beautiful sight. My lovers eyes are closed, her hips are moving and her moans only heighten the sensations. Leaning over, laying on her body, we kiss as I slowly, deeply grind into her. Raising her legs to allow the deepest penetration, we're both in heaven. But, unlike her, I'm free to touch and caress her while we both move to the edge.

We continued in this position for what seemed like forever, and I was ready to explode. Knowing that my lover appreciates the visual, I extricated myself, removed the cover and proceeded to finish manually while my lover watchs and squirmed below me. We had been at this for over an hour and my release was copious, going on and on. My lover was in heaven watching my hand move back and forth as the liquid spewed forth. On and on it went until I was completely drained, falling over to catch my breath. My lover, who could have released herself at any time from the stocking, now removed her hands and cuddled next to me. 

What a wonderful tryst, but next time we use the stockings I think I'll also bring a blind fold.