 The moonlight shone over the horizon as my lover and I drove along the deserted country road. He looked over and smiled at me, I smiled back, feeling so much in love with him. As we drove along, he reached over and took my hand in his, rubbing it softly with his fingertips...caressing my smooth skin. I laid my head on his shoulder, sighing softly...closing my eyes and relaxing.

Suddenly I heard a soft tapping sound and opened my eyes...it had started to rain...fat drops of water hitting the car. The rain became heavier as we drove, and lightning appeared in the sky. We pulled over on a deserted road and snuggled together, watching the sky light up.

He cupped my face in his hands and lowered his lips to mine, touching them softly, running his tongue over them to taste all the sweetness. My hands wound around his neck, pulling him closer, feeling the hardness of his muscles underneath his shirt. He smiled at me and carefully unbuttoned my blouse, grinning even wider when he noticed I wasn't wearing a bra.

He gently pushed my blouse over my creamy shoulders, letting it drop to the floor of the car...I in turn raised his shirt over his head. We came together, pressing close, my naked chest so smooth and warm against his...my nipples hardening against him. Lowering his head, he captured my nipple between his lips, gently sucking...nibbling...then biting.

My head fell back and I moaned softly, his lips dancing across my breasts and nipples...his hands cupping them, kneading and massaging them. I shifted around in the car, the dampness between my legs increasing with every touch of his lips and hands on my body. He reached down and slipped his fingers into the waistband of my pants, cupping the moist heat there...then deftly, in one stroke, slid my pants from my hips and pulled them off. 

I sat there beside him, shivering in the night, but not feeling cold at all. My eyes clouded with passion as I unfastened the snap on his jeans and lowered them as well...letting his cock spring free...looking so hard and proud, and ready for me. We soon discovered there simply wasn't enough room in the car...and both of us got out.

Standing in the rain, bodies wet...we pressed tightly to one another, his hands roaming my back and ass. I leaned him up against the car and began sliding my tongue over his neck, down in the valley of his throat...kissing and sucking. He tangled his fingers in my hair, gently pushing me down his body. My lips found his navel, wet from the rain...my tongue gliding inside...tasting him.

The rain beating on my skin caused me to shiver as I moved lower...feeling the crispness of his hair surrounding his cock. Teasingly I touched my tongue to the head of his cock, bringing forth a low moan from his lips...then a gasp as I slid my mouth over his cock, clear to the base. Winding my hands around to his ass, squeezing it, I pull him even closer...deeper into my mouth.

I look up and watch him, his eyes closed, head back...rain washing over and down his body onto me as I sucked and licked on his cock. Bringing my fingers between his legs, I moved them slowly up his inner thighs, to his balls...tickling them with my fingernails, then cupping them, massaging them lovingly. He thrusted faster into my mouth...harder...so deep now...fucking my mouth with a fury we had never known before.

I gave him one long lick along his shaft, stood up and pressed my body to his...pulling him to me for a passionate kiss. His hands moved over my back, across my hips, down to cup my ass. Gently he picked me up, laying me on the hood of the car...watching with passion as the rain hits me, pooling down between my legs.

He stands between my thighs, slowly and gently parting my pussy lips to expose me to his gaze. I look at his face in the moonlight, it's so full of love that my heart feels about to explode with pleasure. Slowly he inserts a finger into my pussy, not surprised to find out it's already very wet and ready.

His thumb massages my clit, making it spring to life, hard and swollen under his touch. I scream and squirm on the hood of the car...his fingers thrusting in and out of my pussy. My back arches up as I cum, squirting a stream of juices over his fingers, causing him to move them faster...harder...deeper.

He leans down and takes my clit between his lips, sucking hard on it and running his tongue over my slit, lapping up all the juices I've given him...he slides his fingers out of my pussy and replaces them with his tongue. My body rocks against his face as he licks and sucks and kisses every inch of my pussy...my body slick with sweat and the rain...the lightning striking in the distance as evidence of the passionate storm between us. 

I cum hard, over and over...flooding his mouth full of juices...his tongue slides along, not missing anything...licking me till I'm completely exhausted from cumming. He steps between my thighs and takes my hips, pulling my pussy to the edge of the car hood. 

Slipping his cock inside, just the head at first...my pussy clenches around it, trying to pull all of it in. He grins and removes his cockhead, slapping it sharply on my clit...I scream and squirt juices all over him again. He does this several times, knowing it drives me wild. Then, he slides his cock in deep, inch by inch...my pussy squeezing him as he thrusts the rest of his cock inside me.

Holding my hips tightly, he begins to thrust out of control...my breasts bouncing as he slams his cock hard into me. I reach up and squeeze my breasts together, pinching the nipples...stroking them...my eyes closed as he ignites another fire inside me...the storm around us raging out of control, as well as the storm inside us. 

Faster and faster he thrusts, deeper...soooo hard...I scream his name over and over again as I cum...climaxing like never before. He gives one more hard...deep thrust and shoots his hot cum deep inside my pussy...his cock buried inside me...our eyes closed, breathing heavy...the rain doing nothing to cool our desires. 

When he is finished cumming, he gathers me into his arms...we lie on the grass together...letting the rain wash us clean...watching the lightning and the moonlight together. He stands up, takes my hand, and pulls me up to him...we get into the car, holding each other close...so happy...lovers forever.