 The continuing lighting illuminated the dark house that was plunged into darkness hours before. The low rumbling of the thunder gave an eerie yet erotic electricity to the air. The glowing embers in the fireplace were slowly dying as you sat and sipped your wine, wondering where I had gone. 

“I’ll be right back.” I said as I wrapped you in the down comforter and softly kissed your forehead. But that was over half an hour ago.

You looked around as you finished your glass and slid the blanket from your shoulders. Your head spins slightly from the wine as you stand from the couch and head toward the stairs. You reach the foot of the staircase and notice a trail of rose petals leading up the dark flight, with four candles placed in various spots up the stairs lighting the way for you. Tentatively you begin to climb the stairs, anticipation replacing the concern you had felt moments before. The trail leads you down the hallway and into the bedroom. Looking around you see the room is dark except for one candle sitting on the headboard softly lighting the bed. The king size bed is turned down and is covered in the fragrant petals as well. You breath deeply taking in the intoxicating scent of the lavender candle that lights the room. You continue to follow the trail into the master bath. As you step in you gasp at the beauty of the room. Every free inch is taken up by a burning candle. You feel as if you walked into a movie or very least a soap opera set. At least 150 white candles lite the room with a soft romantic glow, sparkling playfully off of the bubbles that fill the large 2 person tub.

I step out of the shadows and move behind you placing my hands on your shoulders. You don’t jump, feeling my presence from the moment you stepped in. I lean down and place a soft kiss on your shoulder as I slide off my sport shirt that you had donned earlier to get out of your storm soaked clothes. All you can do is lean your head back and softly sigh as my fingers and lips caress every part of your body as I undress you. I move in front of you, taking your hands, and lead you to the side of the tub. You begin to speak.

“Shhhh.” I say as I place a finger to your lips. “Just relax and enjoy.”

I help you into the tub full of hot but not scalding water. I sit on the side of the tub as I watch your beautiful body disappear in the sea of bubbles. As you sink into the water I reach in and pull out a loofa sponge. Leaning you forward slightly I begin to caress you back with the loofa. I squeeze the warm water over your shoulders and down your chest and breasts, allowing you to feel the warmth of the lavender scented water. 

Softly rubbing the sponge along your body, I lean in and kiss your shoulders and neck. Your nipples harden, despite the warm water, under the gentle rubbing of the loofa. I move my lips to your ear and gently nibble your lobe as I move the sponge down your body. I caress your inner thighs with the loofa and slowly bring it up to the center of your passion as you slightly squirm in the tub. I rub your soft lips with the sponge, letting them part slightly allowing me to rub your clit with the semi rough loofa. The sensation on your clit is incredible and you twitch sending small waves throughout the tub. Your breath becomes short and labored as you beg me to touch you. I resist and continue to use the sponge on your aching pussy. I lean in and kiss you as I apply more pressure on the sponge on your clit and start little patterns along it. With the aid of the warm water you are soon shuddering with orgasm, collapsing deep into the bubbled water.

As your orgasm subsides, I kiss you deeply and help you out of the tub. I take a soft towel and start to dry you off, kissing each dry spot as a final approval. I lead you to the bedroom and lay you on the bed covered in rose petals. I delicately kiss you from head to toe being certain not to touch any of your sensitive areas. Your body wiggles under my touch, my tongue running up your calf to your inner thigh. My finger tips trace up behind my tongue as you unconsciously spread your legs for me. I pick up a few of the rose petals and use them to softly brush against your pussy lips. You let out a soft moan from the sensation of the petals against your soft skin. I let my tongue run along you, tasting you as you begin to get wet again. My tongue flicks out against your clit and you let out a long, loud sigh as your hands fly to my head, holding my face into you. I use my tongue on you, moving it deep inside of you as your legs wrap around my head. Within seconds I have you rolling into another orgasm, your legs and hands pulling my tongue into you.

I pull up from you and begin to kiss my way up your body. Your skin tastes of roses and lavender and your scent is intoxicating as I move my way to your inviting lips. I kiss you deeply as I rub my hardening cock along you. You beg me to enter you pleading that you need to feel me inside of you. I rub the head along you, teasing your clit almost driving you over the edge one more time. I finally give in to your pleas and slide my rock hard cock into your wetness. You gasp loudly as I enter you, driving all the way in one long hard stroke. I grind against you as I hold myself inside, feeling you clamp down on my cock with your inner muscles. I lean up and position myself on my knees as I continue to move in and out of you. I reach up with one hand and play with your hard nipples while my other hand presses just above your trimmed pussy so you can feel the head of my cock sliding in and out of you. Soon we both reach orgasm our bodies shaking against each other as I explode deep within you. Our juices flowing out of you as I collapse on you and hold you close. 

We move back downstairs and fall asleep in each others arms in front of the dying fire, the storm slowly moving away, the sounds of the thunder lulling us into a deep sleep.