 He saw her as he was pulling in to the parking lot, she was just stepping out of her car, and he decided to park in the space next to the trees, right by her car. That was one of the luxuries of driving a motorcycle, no need to look for a space, you could park anywhere. She was beautiful, wearing a light summer dress that clung to her body. Betsy Johnson, he guessed. The dress, had thin straps that did not cover her black bra straps, and the material of the dress was not see through but sheer in a way that only hinted at the black bra underneath.

It did nothing to hide the fact that she was blessed with a beautiful figure, large breasts on top of a slim waist and nicely curved bottom finishing with bare legs, beautifully shaped calves. The dress color looked great on her skin. She had long dark hair pulled back in a pony tail that seemed to glisten in the sunlight and almond shaped brown eyes. If he had to guess, he would say she was of Mediterranean descent but then again, that's what most people thought of him and he was Norwegian, so who knew.

As he stepped off his bike and pulled off his black full face helmet, she was closing her car door and turned, she was even more beautiful up close. He looked at her feet and moved his eyes up her body until his eyes met hers. They glanced at each other, he smiled as she turned and walked away. He decided that he wanted to see her again.

She had seen him when she arrived at Woodbury commons. Just as she parked her car, he had pulled in to the parking lot on a black motorcycle. The bike had two headlights which made it look strange, bug eyed, not entirely unlike a praying mantis. It was an angry sounding thing, not loud but like a caged tiger, growling, ready to pounce at anything or anybody that got too close.

She thought that was an odd mode of transportation for a shopping trip, not knowing that he lived nearby and had only come over to pick up a few small items he needed which would easily fit in his knapsack.

When he removed his helmet, it was his eyes she had noticed first. He was short haired, clean shaven with a handsome face, nice torso in a form fitting black leather jacket with a Vanson logo on the shoulders. His jeans fit nicely and he was wearing biker boots but of all that she noticed, it was his eyes that had captivated her. They were dark brown and intense.

When he looked over at her, it had seemed as if he looked through her, not merely at her. He had let his eyes dance over her body briefly, clearly checking her out but not leering. When his eyes met her, he had not looked away but looked her straight in the eyes, confident but not threatening, smiling. She had felt butterflies in her stomach. A bit flustered, she had turned, moved away from her car and walked to the mall to do what she came here for, find a good deal on something nice to wear for Fourth of July.

An hour later, she was in the Banana Republic outlet store, after finding a nice outfit in the Armani outlet, she had decided that she needed some more underwear, something that was comfortable but not frumpy, she liked to feel good even when she was not dressed up.

The store was unexpectedly busy for a non-holiday weekend but it was not unbearable and the air conditioning was working well so it was pleasantly cool in the store. She had picked up a few things in addition to the bras and panties and was just about to step in to a dressing room when she noticed him again. He was looking at men's socks and looked up just as she glanced over at him.

He saw her enter the dressing room area. He was no longer wearing the jacket; he was carrying it over his shoulder. He had on a dark green t-shirt with a Japanese looking print on it. She found herself thinking that he had nice arms. She felt a tingling sensation that started in her fingers and moved to the pit of her stomach. She had to look away.

There was no clerk available to assist so she just stepped toward an empty dressing room. She looked back again; she didn't really mean to do it but couldn't stop herself. He was still looking her way. For some reason she was excited rather than upset to find out that he was staring unabashedly at her. She flashed him a slightly embarrassed smile before stepping in to a dressing room and drawing the curtain.

He had seen her enter the dressing room while flashing that beautiful smile. He picked up a shirt and walked over to the dressing area on the pretense of needing to try it on for fit. He had noticed that the store was busy and all the clerks were occupied with other shoppers. There was no attendant in the dressing area and, for some reason, no line.

He stepped toward the room where she had entered and saw that the curtain was not closed all the way. She was in her bra and panties and was about to put a blouse on. God, he thought, she was absolutely stunning. He realized that he had been pretty right about guessing her chest size at 36D, which was a good thing. If he was wrong, he would feel pretty foolish. He saw her looking in the mirror and realized she could see him through the gap. Well, he thought, here goes...

He stepped up to the curtain, looked around; no one was around; no one had even noticed him in the dressing area, and quickly stepped in to the changing booth.

She had hung the store garments and underwear on a hook and started to undress. She had stepped out of her dress and started to try on a white blouse when she noticed that she had left a small gap in the curtain. There was movement outside and suddenly he was standing looking at her through the gap in the curtain.

She was startled at his brazenness for a second but then that feeling came over her again and, rather than cry out for help and make him leave, she decided to tease him a little to see if she could make him loose his nerve. She started to unbutton the few buttons she had done up on the blouse, when all of a sudden, he looked around and quickly stepped in to the changing booth.

She started to turn toward him and say something but he put his finger to his mouth in a silencing gesture and she lost her voice. She turned back to the mirror and saw herself in a blouse and black panties and she saw him standing behind her. Her mind was in turmoil. What should she do? This behavior was completely out of character for her but somehow she couldn't stop him, stop herself from doing what she did next.

She could feel herself getting extremely excited as she looked him in the eyes and started to slowly unbutton the blouse. She noticed his gaze drifting to her cleavage and started to feel more in control; it felt good. When she came to the last button, she stopped and looked at him again with a sly smile.

He stepped up close behind her; she could feel his hardness against her backside. He reached around and put his hands on hers to move her fingers from the last button. She let her hands fall to the side and he started to unbutton the last button. When it was undone, he took hold of the blouse near the collar and started to slowly open it. She could feel the material slide over her bra covered nipples as they hardened; she closed her eyes and reveled in the feeling.

He savored the slow reveal of the ample breasts. He was so excited and hard that he wasn't sure he would be able to control himself. He pulled the blouse off her shoulders and she was standing in front of him in just her underwear. He could smell her skin; it was a wonderful mixture of citrus and cedar. There was also a hint of vanilla that he hadn't noticed before. Her scent was intoxicating to him. He picked up the little bag he had set down on the seat when he stepped in and reached around to hand it to her.

"Try this on," he whispered quietly in her ear.

She opened her eyes and saw a small La Perla bag in front of her.

"Wha..." she started to say but he stopped her.

"Just try this on," he said again.

She was not sure why she did but she nodded and pulled out the contents. Her eyes widened, it was a beautiful matching white lace bra and panty set. She checked the size and was surprised to find that it was her size.

"How did you..?" she started but he just put his finger to his mouth.

"Shhh... don't talk. There's no need", he whispered.

He reached up behind her and unfastened her black bra with a quick motion; her head started spinning. She could not believe she was in a dressing room with a complete stranger, about to get naked in front of him. What if somebody came and discovered them? What would she say? How could she do something so wild? She was married. She was a good mother of two that had never strayed, never done anything out of the ordinary. Certainly never done anything like this! She was starting to feel hot and flustered. She knew she shouldn't but she couldn't make herself stop so she just stood there as he started to slowly push her bra forward.

The touch of his hands as they lightly slid forward under her arms on the sides of her breasts felt like fire; she was starting to get weak in her knees and had to lean back against him. She could feel his hardness which felt bigger than it seemed a couple of minutes ago.

He pushed the bra all the way forward and the straps came off her shoulders. As the bra straps fell down her arms and proceeded to reveal her hard nipples, she could feel the cool air on her exposed skin. His fingers reached her areolas and started to move in feather light circles around them. It felt like lightning flashes went from her nipples straight to her groin and she took in a sharp breath. The feeling was almost too intense; she had to touch herself, if he didn't soon...

She let the bra fall to the floor and reached her arms up over her head and behind his. She turned her head to his and said with ragged breath "Touch me... please!" Then she kissed him, deeply.

He kissed her back intensely but with soft lips as he started softly pinching her distended nipples between his fingers. She started pushing back in to him and soon decided she needed to get off, now! She dropped her left arm and snaked her hand in to the front of her panties. She could feel that familiar wetness as she found her clit and started moving her forefinger in slow circles.

He whispered something foreign in her ear. Not Italian, not French. She didn't understand the words but the excited her. She started to move her finger faster. She was starting to feel that familiar feeling build up when she felt his left hand drop from her sensitive nipple to her sex; she thought he wanted to take over.

To her disappointment, he took hold of her moving hand and pulled it away from her body. "Not yet," he said, "not just yet." "Please put that on first." He backed away from her and turned around. "I want to see it on you."

She picked up the La Perla lingerie set and started putting on the bra. He still had his back turned. She smiled, it was funny, she thought. A moment ago he had been holding her breasts in his hands, playing with her nipples and staring wantonly while she was playing with herself to the edge of an orgasm. Now he had his back turned so she could change without him looking at her. The display of modesty in this situation seemed absurd but sweet and made her giggle.

The white under wire bra was sheer, silky and soft. A lacy affair with a scalloped edge across the top, lace flower across the cup and a rear clasp; it fit her perfectly. How he had guessed her size was a mystery to her. Most men, while they were all boyishly fascinated with her ample cleavage, never could guess her true size when challenged to guess (which she had done in the right setting while playfully flirting with friends). Even her husband had been forced to check the tags on here underwear, the first time he had tried to buy her something sexy.

When she finished putting it on, she could see that the cup was very sheer and her dark nipples and areolas were clearly visible through the thin material. She picked up the white matching panties and quickly pulled down her briefs. As she bent over to pull on the new pair, she realized that if he turned around now, he would have a perfect view of her backside and her sex, her inner lips protruding some and glistening, as they did when she was excited. The thought turned her on.

She slid the panties up, stood up straight and admired herself in the mirror. The panty was a stretch tulle thong, enriched by a macramé little lace hem. She noticed a detail: two little bows made in matching white velvet were applied on the edge. They were beautiful. She reached up and pulled off the crunchy that held her ponytail in place. Her hair flowed free, almost springing out in dark, curly, silky soft waves. She tousled it a bit to make it flow down the top of her chest. Now she was satisfied with the look. She stood still and waited.

He sensed that she was finished putting on the lingerie and turned around. Looking over her shoulder, he saw a vision of beauty in the mirror. Her face was framed in thick wavy curls. Her almond shaped eyes looking straight at him, a wicked little smile across her full soft lips. The lingerie he had picked up fit perfectly and the white was beautiful against her slightly olive complexion.

He actually swooned for a second. She looked far better than he had imagined her. His first instinct was to just tear her panties off, push her up against the mirror and take her... hard and fast. But no, all in good time, he wanted more. Instead, he sat down on the little seat.

"Dance," he said quietly. She gave him a quizzical look. "Dance for me," he said again. "Show me how strong and beautiful you are. Take control."

"But there is no music," she replied, a bit unsure.

"Sure there is," he said, "listen."

That's when she realized that she could hear the store music. It was piped in to the little room and the Cure's "Lullaby" had just begun. She started swaying to the music slowly at first but soon increasing her movements. She ran her hands down her sides and up again, moved them across her front, hugging herself, then cupping her breasts, presenting them to him. She looked down at him and smiled, he was transfixed, the look on his face that of a boy who had been given free reign of a candy store. She was feeling in control again. It was a delicious feeling. He was still fully clothed.

"This will not do," she said in a husky voice and danced between his spread legs. "You are still dressed."

She reached down and pulled up his t-shirt. He lifted his arms to allow the shirt to come off. His chest was hairy, not a jungle but he had hair that started in the center and spread across the base of his pectorals, then continued down the center of his abdomen, widening again before it disappeared in to his jeans. She threw the T-shirt on the floor and backed away.

"The pants," she said next, "Take them off!"

She wanted to see. She wanted to see as much of him as he had of her. She wanted to see his excitement. The outline in the tight jeans snaked down his leg but it was vague. She wanted to see more.

He stood up. "You do it" he said with a smile and held his arms out, away from his hips.

God he had a nice torso, she thought. She noticed that his nipples were small and hard. This excited her even more. She grabbed his belt buckle and unfastened his belt. She leaned forward, took his left nipple in her mouth and bit down lightly on it. He groaned softly. Good, she thought, he has sensitive nipples. She licked her way from one nipple to the other and then down his abdomen. When she was in an almost kneeling position, still on her feet, her face level with his groin, she started unbuttoning his fly. As the buttons came undone, the words, "Lucky you" became visible.

Lucky Jeans, she thought with a smile. What also became visible was the fact that he was not wearing any underwear. She could see his pubic hair in the opening and below it, the outline of his hard member as it snaked down his right leg. She kissed him below the navel; his muscles twitched as her lips tickled his skin. Slowly, she pulled down his jeans. He was hard. As soon as it was free of the pants, his erect cock, sprung out, almost hit her cheek and bobbed a couple of times in front of her face.

It was longer than average, eight or nine inches and uncircumcised. The reddish-purple head was peeking out from its protection. A big vein ran along the top of it and she noticed that he was smoothly shaved from the base down and around the sac. She detected a slight spicy lavender, musky scent with some sweetness to it. She couldn't quite define it. She thought it smelled like a man. It was beautiful; he was beautiful. She could feel herself getting wetter. A drop of clear liquid appeared on the tip of his penis. She stuck out her tongue and quickly licked it off.

He twitched as if jolted by electricity. She opened her mouth and slid down over his member, letting her lips pull the foreskin back and sliding her tongue around as she pulled him in deeper. Soon he hit the opening to her throat at the back of her mouth; she pushed more, trying to take all of him in. She looked up at him and saw that he was staring down at her with lustful eyes. His face had turned a bit red. As she was looking at him, he started running his fingers through her hair. She started flexing the muscles in her throat, controlling him as she was looking at his facial expression. She felt very much in control now.

She thought to herself, "Let's see if the boy can handle this or if he caught more than he can chew off."

That last thought almost made her laugh, her involuntary chuckle made him close his eyes and groan softly.

"You need to stop," he said quietly.

She just blinked her eyelids and with a twinkle in her eyes she started playing with him in earnest. Her mouth started moving up and down as she kept her hand around the base of him. Her other hand started fondling his balls and tickling his legs. He was getting a desperate look on his face. His hips started moving back and forth in rhythm with her mouth.

As he looked like he was nearing the point of no return, she slid both hands up his chest until they reached his nipples. She pushed down deep on him, started humming and pinched his nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. That was the last straw for him; he came almost violently, grabbing her hair and holding her to him. Her nose was touching his abdomen as he came deep down her throat. She didn't back off but stayed there until he had stopped moving. He looked deliciously exhausted and she thought she had completely done him in.

She slid of him and stood up with a smile like a cat that ate the canary. She half expected him to get embarrassed but he just smiled a wicked smile and said, "That was naughty of you but I'm not done with you yet."

She glanced down and saw to her surprise that he was still hard.

He sat down again and said, "Now, strip for me."

She backed up and started swaying to the music again. Looking him in the eyes, she reached back and undid the clasp to the bra. She moved her hands in front and played with her nipples through the sheer material. She was still extremely excited and the fact that he could stay erect enticed her even more.

She turned around to face the mirror and reached across her chest to slide down the straps. They looked at each other through the mirror as she slid the bra off while covering herself with her arms. Her arms opened and she let the bra fall to the floor. She turned around to face him and danced forward.

Suddenly he pulled her into him and he put his face to her sex. He nibbled lightly through the soaked panties as he brought one hand to the front and pulled the material aside. His tongue reached in to lick her labia. The feeling was electric. She could feel his hot breath as he let his tongue slide along her opening. She shuddered. She wanted to come so bad. He found her clit and started sucking on it, driving her crazy.
