 ===

Thank you for taking the time to read my story and I hope you like it. If you do, please take time to vote and/or leave comments! Thanks and enjoy!

===

"Hey Terri." 

"Hey Mat, how are you?" 

Mat smiled, "Doing good I guess. You're looking nice this morning! By the way, Happy Birthday young lady!" 

Terri's eyes brightened "Why thank you kind Sir, that was sweet." They continued to make small talk about the 'BIG DAY' as Terri got up to go get some things from the storage room. She unlocked the door and the two walked in. 

Terri was a young, well figured woman in her mid twenties. She often had all the men doing double takes as she walked by. Her and Mat had made a habit of teasing each other whenever they saw each other and often via IM. That was the extent of it though, just teasing. Both were married and neither wanted to cross that line.

Terri reached over a small table for some supplies on a shelf behind it and continued to talk to Mat over her shoulder. Mat always admired her shapely legs and nice ass and now he had an unobstructed view as she stretched reaching for items on the shelf. He felt the ever familiar churning in his groin as his dick twitched with seeing her skirt rise higher as she stretched. His mind quickly fantasized about what she must look like naked, something that he was all too familiar with as it happened any time they talked to each other.

"Need some help?" Mat asked enthusiastically and stepped up behind her, excited to be so close to the object of his many fantasies. 

"Please" she replied as she was stretched out reaching for the box. "I can't quite reach this one." Mat reached his arms around Terri and helped grab the box. As they pulled the box down to set it on the table in front of them, Mat realized that he was closer to her than he thought. As Terri settled back, she slide down Mat's body gliding down his ever growing cock. Whatever control Mat had was now completely gone as his blood raced at the feel of her so close. 

"Mmmm. You happy to see me or is that a stapler in your pocket?" she jokingly purred looking aver her shoulder as she ground her ass into him again. Mat groaned inwardly with the feel of her against him. 

Embarrassed, Mat stood there not knowing what he should do. He wanted to grab her and bend her over the desk and ram his hard cock into her from behind, but his nervousness got the best of him and he jus stood there silently. What happened next surprised him. 

Terri leaned back and nestled into Mat's body and moaned softly. "You feel good" she said softly as she wiggled her body onto his causing his now fully erect cock to twitch again at the attention.

His head was spinning now. Almost like in a dream where you see yourself doing things, Mat reached out and stroked her arm lightly. At the same time, he leaned in lightly ran him nose along her neck up to her ear. He moaned softly and whispered "You smell wonderful" then lightly kissed her behind her ear before lightly running his nose along her soft skin again. Her head dropped back into his chest as she ground her ass into his ragging hard-on. 

He moved his efforts to the other side of her neck teasing her even more, his warm breath making the tiny hairs on her neck stand up with excitement. She moaned again and reach her arms up behind her and placed them around his neck pulling him closer.

It was like his body had a mind of its own. His mind racing. His thoughts but a cloud and his cock as hard as granite! He slid his hands down her tight body feeling every curve of her shapely figure. As he brought his hands back up he moved them to the front, sliding them over her stomach before finding the orbs of her breasts. He cupped their fullness with his hands, pulling her closer as he ground his cock into here ass. She squeezed his head tighter as a low animal-like moan escaped her throat. He gently massaged her breasts, kneading them with his hands, his palms rolling over her nipples. He could feel them getting harder through her thin top and bra. 

Mat began to think of all the times that she had teased him. All the times that she drove him crazy with desire and began to nibble on her ear and neck again in an effort to return the teasing, only taking it to a new level. He squeezed her tight and while one hand continued its assault on her tits, the other began to slowly slide down her bare arm teasingly which immediately raised goose bumps. He hugged her tightly and whispered, "I've wanted you for so long!"

Her hands dropped to his side and she tried to reach behind her. He grabbed her hands and stopped her. "What if someone walked in on us?" he asked, already knowing the answer. 

"The doors locked and only two of us have the key - me and Carol. Lucky for you, Carol is out today so there's no problem." His cock jumped again and she responded by grinding her ass into him again. The feeling was amazing and again an evil grin came over his face. 

"Mmmm, yes, lucky for me!" She began to slide her hands back again, straining to reach his cock. Again he stopped her. 

"Why" she whimpered. 

"Because, it's payback time for all those times you drove me crazy!" he said with a sinister laugh. With that he turned her to the left where he placed her hands high above her head on the wall, similar to how a policeman does someone they are going to frisk someone. As he did so, he pushed his groin into her ass so she could again feel his excitement. 

His hands again made their assault on her body, gliding ever so lightly over every curve as if he was blind and she was a brail menu. He leaned in and bit her neck lightly and then kissed his way up to her ear and said "I can stop if you want" His breath tickling the hairs on her neck. 

"Please don't" in a panting low voice. "You're driving me crazy!"

His hands then moved to her waist where he lightly let his fingers glide across her bare skin. Her skin was on fire now, soaking up every sensation his hands brought. She tried to move her hands down again, wanting.... NEEDING to feel his cock. He grabbed them again, placing them back on the wall in front of her. "Nope, this is MY turn to tease!" he said with a smirk and sucked on her earlobe. 

"OH MY GOD" she whispered, her breathing becoming labored now. Her supple chest rising and falling at a faster pace. She could feel the burning between her legs as Mat continued to excite her desire for him. She squeezed her thighs together, straining to relieve the burning desire to no avail. She was on fire. Every part of her was anxious to be touched. To be kissed. To be filled!

His hands slide under her top, again teasing her skin as he worked them up to her breasts. Again he massaged them with his fingers, making sure to roll his palms over her now fully erect nipples. Her moans coming more frequent now as he knew he was driving her crazy. He pulled her top off, letting it slip to the floor. He leaned in and began to gently kiss his way around her back as his hands unclasped her bra, freeing her tits. Using his fingers he lightly slide them around her bare breasts, circling inward until he got to her nipples. He purposely didn't touch them, trying to tease her even more. 

She pushed her chest out, trying to get him to touch them. "Oh please, you're driving me crazy!" she said in a husky voice, her excitement now peaking. 

He just smiled, happy with the results of his efforts. He then slide his fingers over her stiff nipples as she moaned deeply. He took then between his thumb and forefinger and rolled them as the rest of his fingers massaged the rest of her tits. She arched her back and laid her head against his chest trying to take in all of the sensations as he assaulted her chest. 

He leaned in to her neck again, nibbling his way up to her ear "Like that?" he whispered. She replied by reaching down and grabbing his hips and pulling their midsections together as she let out another animalistic moan and ground her ass into his crotch harder. Pleased with her response, he continued. 

Turning his hands over so that only his fingernails touched her skin, he slid his hands down her sides sending sparks throughout her body. Her pussy now soaking wet, the nub of her clit now hard and peaking out of the soft folds of her lips. She wanted him to touch her there, to take her and satisfy the need she had to be fucked. She again squeezed her thighs together, moving them back and forth trying to relieve the desire burning deep inside her. "Please...." she moaning, her voice trailing off.

His hands worked their way down her sides as he began to lower himself. Kissing his way from side to side down her back. He could smell the excitement coming from her soaked pussy causing his cock to jump again as it strained painfully against his pants. He then slide his hands up her legs and under her skirt feeling the heat coming from her pussy. He glided his fingers over her sensitive skin as she parted her legs eager for his touch. 

He slide his fingers under the waistband of her panties and pulled them down. "Mmmmm" she said as she gasped for air, pulling her legs together so he could slide them off. Once off, Mat held them up admiring the little black patch of cloth of her panties. 

He pulled them to his nose, taking in the aroma of her excitement "Damn, you smell good enough to eat!" he whispered. She spread her legs wide allowing him the opportunity, her excitement now running down her thighs.

He began to kiss his way up her thighs, sending a rush of excitement through her body and causing her to leak more of her juices. He could tell she was close and he hadn't even touched her pussy yet. He was achieving the desired effects quite nicely he thought. He wanted to drive her crazy like she had all those times in the past...and he was!

He reach up and grabbed the cheeks of her ass firmly, pushing them up and out to expose her beautiful ass and pussy. He massaged her ass, moving it back and forth which put enough friction on her clit to heighten her excitement even more. He could see her ass puckering and the enlarged lips of her pussy as she leaned forward to allow him better access. Her pussy was begging for attention. Begging to be satisfied. Terri's eyes closed and her mouth partially open, her breathing labored as she gasped for air. Nothing but moans coming deep from her throat.

He sat briefly admiring her shapely ass and the way it curved down to her firm thighs. With that, he began to kiss her ass cheeks as he continued to massage them. Pushing them up one final time, he slid his tongue down the crack of her ass slowly descending to the center of her passion. She gasped at the feel of his hot tongue, again moaning from deep within her as she anticipating his attention on her clit. 

He paused briefly and swirled his tongue around the dark circle of her ass. She was now shaking all over, barely able to hold herself up. He continued down until he found her now soaking pussy. His hands sliding lightly up and down her legs, he spread her legs wider to allow better access to her clit. There she was, now fully naked and spread eagle, her palms flat against the wall above her head and her legs wide apart waiting for his personal inspection of her body.

He touched his nose to her clit as he slid his head in close. She jumped as the sexual energy shot through her clit to her very core. He then slid his nose back up through her pussy lips and up the crack of her ass. They both moaned deeply. His nose now soaked with her juices as his nostrils took in the aroma of her desire. He was in heaven and so was she. 

He leaned back in and flicked his tongue over her clit causing her to jump before pushing back against his face in an effort to take in more of his tongue. He continued this before clamping his mouth down over her clit and sucking it hard into his mouth as he slide his thumb into her pussy working it in and out like a small cock. She was now steadily moaning and moving her hips, barely able to stand. She leaned her upper body against the wall and lowered her hands, grabbing her ass and pulling her cheeks up giving herself to him. "Oh GOD...." she moaned again as more of her excitement leaked down her thighs.

Mat's cock was to the point of busting through his pants. He was in pain, but was enjoying what he was doing to Terri more. He stood up and began to unbutton his pants. As he grabbed the waistband and slid his pants and underwear down his cock sprang out, finally free from its tight confine. Mat moved up behind Terri again running his hands over her body. She remained still as best she could. He stepped closer and whispered "I've wanted you for so long" as his cock slid between her legs, brushing through the folds of her pussy before sliding over her clit making her jump. 

Terri was beyond excited at this point. "Yes, Fuck Me... I've wanted you to, so FUCK ME!" she demanded. Mat moved his hips back and forth teasing her more as his cock quickly became coated with her juices. He bent a little and grabbing his cock, rubbed the head back and forth across her lips and clit. 

"OHHHH, that feels so fucking good" she throatily said as she moved her hips back and forth over his stiff cock, pushing against the wall for support. Her head dropped back, eyes closed as she savored the feeling of his cock between her legs. 

Not wanting this moment to end, Mat positioned himself so that his cock was now at the entrance of her flaming opening. He slowly slid the swollen head of his cock into her pussy. As he breeched the folds of her inner lips, he froze. Holding steady, wanting to tease her to the very end. She gasped, "Please... don't stop" she panted, her heart racing and her breathing labored. She tried to push back but he wouldn't let her, moving with her to keep his cockhead motionless in the folds of her pussy. He moaning loudly now.

He leaned in to her neck now covered with sweat. He kissed and nibbled his way to her ear and moaned as he slid his cock deeper into her waiting pussy. She arched her back trying to take him all in as she pushed back on the wall. His arms wrapped around her, pulling her up as he began to move his hips causing his cock to slid all the way into her drenched pussy. He reached around with his right arm, grabbing her left tit while his other arm snaked its way down her body, resting between her legs. He pulled her close and sucked on her neck, moaning deep from within his body. She arched again, pushing harder into his body. 

They were both consumed with the heat of the moment, their bodies covered in sweat. He removed his hand from her tit and slide it up to her neck and chin, turning her face back to his. He leaned in and kissed her deeply sliding his tongue deep into her mouth. She could smell her juices on his nose and taste them on his tongue exciting her even more. She sucked his tongue in deeper as if it was his cock, savoring the taste of her own fluids.

The excitement was too much for her. The teasing, the sensations, the thought of them in the storage room as people walked by outside drove her over the edge. She leaned forward and put her hands back on the wall, thrusting her hips back against Mat's cock. Equally excited, Mat grabbed her hips as if to hold on to a wild ride in an amusement park. 

With each thrust Mat made, Terri returned it with equal thrust trying to drive his cock deeper into her wanton pussy. They both climbed higher and higher, moaning more loudly now. The sweat dripping off both of their bodies as they moved closer to climax. "OOHHHH, Fuck me....yes, God it feels good. FUCK ME" Terri groaned as she slammed back into Mat's thrusts. Mat groaned and tightened his grip on her hips. 

Terri threw her head back and squeezed her eyes as she felt a powerful orgasm wash over her. "Oh.... MMmmm....Cumming....GGGAAAWWWWDDDDDD" she groaned as she was taken over by her own climax, clenching her pussy muscles around Mat's rigid cock like a vice. The sight of her there naked and bent over, his cock slamming deep inside her... the heat... the excitement...the sound of her Cumming and the sensation of her pussy muscles milking his cock were too much. Mat slammed into her with one last violent thrust and held her there, deep inside her as he exploded. His cock firing stream after creamy stream inside Terri's pussy as she continued to ride wave after wave of her own orgasm. 

Their breathing still labored and their legs weak from the excitement. Mat held Terri tightly against his body for what seemed like hours. He gently ran his hands over her naked body electrifying her skin. They remained there for what seemed like hours before Terri stepped forward allowing Mat's deflating cock to pop out of her. She turned and knelt down in front of him taking his soaked cock into her mouth. She ever so slowly cleaned his cock with her tongue enjoying the mixture of their juices. She ran her tongue along the shaft and down to his balls, cleaning the moisture from them before moving back up the side of his cock. She then sucked his flaccid cock into her mouth in one quick sucking motion, running her head up and down on it like a vacuum to a dirty carpet. 

Fully content that his cock was now clean, Terri raised up and ran her finger over her chin getting the last of the cum mixture. She looked Mat straight in the eye and with a seductive look, sank her finger deep into her mouth and moaned. 

"DAMN" was all he could say at the sexy site before him. He leaned in and kissed her deeply and then parted, looking at her from head to toe admiring her beauty. 

They both slowly dressed still mentally going over the events that just happened. As they walked back to the door, he stopped her. Turning her around, he pushed her back firmly against the door with a THUD. He leaned in and kissed her deeply, sliding his tongue deep into her throat. He broke the kiss and pulled back so that his face was only an inch away from hers. He looked into her eyes and whispered...."Happy Birthday Sexy!"

She smiled and cupped the crotch of his pants "Mmmmm, THANK YOU!" and with a sheepish smile she continued "I can't wait for your birthday!" They grabbed the supplies and walked out the door. No one had even noticed they were gone and no one would have known what had happened had it not been for the strong scent of sex in the room.