 The lightning lit up the bedroom. She waited in bed wearing her new black satin teddy she had bought just for tonight. They hadn’t been able to spend any time together in the past few weeks with work and errands, which needed to be done. She lay there letting her eyes close and imagining their last time together. She felt the wetness grow in her thong she had on. Her fingers lingered down and pulled her thong apart to reveal the swollen clit that wanted to be freed and licked. The rain fell against the windows and she saw his headlights light up the room as he pulled into the driveway. She jumped out of the bed and went to greet him in the living room. 

He opened the door fast as he could to get out of the rain. He looked up to see her standing there in the outfit she had bought. Their eyes met and she walked over to kiss him. Their tongues rolled around each other in their mouths as his hands moved across her waist to her nice round ass. He cupped each cheek with his hands and squeezed gently to let her know he wanted her. She could feel his dick swelling in his pants. She stepped away and grabbed his hand to lead him to the bedroom. 

The lightning was making the room like a strobe light. She had him stand next to the bed and began unbuttoning his shirt. She slipped it over his firm shoulders and he bent down to kiss her on the lips. She could feel how hot he was next to her half naked body. As they kissed, she moved her hands down to his pants to unbutton them and unzip them. She dropped them down to the floor where he stepped out of them. He stood there in his boxers and she slipped her fingers in the sides on his waist and let them fall to the ground. His hard erection was standing forward for her to please and feel. She grabbed it gently and let her hands run across the shaft and around the head to make circles that made him moan while they kissed.

She had him sit on the edge of the bed and began to slowly remove her teddy. She let the straps fall slowly from her shoulders as her breast were starting to show. He took his hands and pulled the straps down further to make the teddy reveal her firm tits. Her nipples were rock hard and her nipple ring was making her even hotter while the little ball rubbed her nipples with every move she made. He moved his fingers to tug at the ring some and she closed her eyes to feel the tugs that made her pussy even wetter. His lips met the other nipple while he pulled the ring with his free hand. He licked and sucked on her hard red nipples and she moaned with each suck. He pulled the teddy off and let it fall to the floor. He trailed down her chest and down her stomach till he reached her belly button to kiss it and flick his tongue inside. 

The thunder rolled in the night sky and she felt his hot breathe on her swollen clit between her thongs. He licked her clit through the fabric and rubbed his finger across her slit. He could feel how wet she was. He grabbed the fabric with his teeth and pulled them down till they hit the floor. He stood up and pulled her down on the bed with her on top. They kissed passionately and his hands explored her body. He rolled her over, got on top, and began to kiss down her neck taking in her scent. She ran her fingers through his hair and her body arched to meet him. His arms wrapped around her body to pull her up to his lips. His lips kissed her swollen nipples and sucked them up in his warm mouth. She moaned and pulled his head closer to her nipples to take in all of her tits. His lips kissed and sucked as she wiggled under his warm body. 

He moved further down to kiss all her flesh. He came to the top of her sweet spot and let his tongue lick slowly across her slit. He played with her clit some before he kissed it. His tongue moved fast over her clit and she spread her legs further apart so he could take more of her wetness in. His mouth covered her hole and sucked up the juices that flow from her. His middle finger went deep inside her and she gripped his finger with her pussy to let him know he would soon be there with his hard dick. He fucked her hard with his finger while his tongue licked her clit till she came all over his face.

She pushed him up and down on the bed. She smiled before she went to suck on his neck. Her tongue trailed from his neck to his nipples that she sucked lightly. His chest was pounding from the excitement that was going on. She moved slowly down his chest as her hair draped over his body. His erection was standing tall when she moved her hand to pull it up to her. Her tongue circled around the head and down the shaft. He lifted his hips to meet her warm moist mouth. She closed her lips tight around his hard dick as she sucked and moved up and down his shaft. He moaned aloud and she massaged his balls with her free hand while her other hand moved with her mouth. When she got him, slick enough she pulled her mouth off and kissed the head before she straddled him and let her pussy eat up his hard dick. She cried out his name as she moved up and down and up and down. His hands grabbed her tits and massaged them while he moved his hips to meet her body. She lay down to kiss him on the lips and he grabbed her by the ass and rolled her over to where he was on top. Her fingers massaged his back. She ran them up and down his back then she grabbed him by his shoulders and held on with her legs wrapped around his waist as he moved faster and faster into her wet pussy. They moaned in time as he laid down on top of her grabbing her around her body as they both moved together. She wrapped her legs around his waist and he grabbed her tight as he began to cum into her wet pussy. They laid there holding each other tight listening to the rain while she fell asleep in his arms.