  (C) Copyright 2001 by Krypto28, all rights reserved, except those described below. Permission is granted to download, archive, and repost provided that the contents are not altered, including the disclaimers, copyrights and limitations on use and provided that no fee is charged for access. This story is erotic fiction intended for adult entertainment. The author does not necessarily condone or endorse the behavior described in this story. All persons and events in this story are completely fictitious and ANY similarity to persons living or dead or to actual events is purely coincidental. 

---

Jenny couldn't help but smile as she padded down one of the cruise ship's many corridors. She and Amy had only been aboard the Quintessent Rainbow for an hour, and already she had "gotten some action." "I've got to get back and tell Amy, "she thought. "She doesn't know what's she's missing." Amy had said that she would be at the pool shortly… but didn't show up.

****

The pool was the last thing on Amy's mind at the moment. She was reeling… she had been out on the balcony of the girls' cabin when she heard the main door open. Seconds later, she heard the door shut. Amy had raced out to meet Jenny, but no one was in the hall... and when she reentered the room... her bag was missing. Its absence took a second to register, and then Amy nearly threw up.

"Jenny wouldn't have taken my bag... how?" her mind raced. "How did someone get into the room? Who could, even?" Her stomach did the biggest flipflop when she began to think of the contents of that bag: all of her money, her clothes, towels, shoes, makeup, jewelry. All of the jewelry Chuck had given her was in the bag! Her diamond promise ring! 

The sound of a key in the lock snapped Amy out of her runaway train of grief, aborted the sobs before they could begin. Without thinking, she dove inside the tiny bathroom and locked the door behind her, then cowered in the corner between the shower stall and sink. She heard bare feet padding on the carpet, then the sound of a key rapping against a dresser or table. Then, a familiar, singsongy voice... "Aaaammyyy... Aim?... where ya at?" It was Jenny this time, back from the pool at last.

Amy didn't want her friend to see her freaked out over what was probably nothing. Jenny would downplay the situation, anyway. Maybe she came for the bag after all. Was looking for some towels or something and needed to take the whole thing for some reason. Amy crossed her fingers, unlocked the door, then stepped out into the air-conditioned room. 

"AMY! You'll never guess, you'll never guess, you'll never guess!" Jenny flew across the room and nearly tackled her friend. "You'll. Never. Guess."

Amy bit her tongue... best to let her speak. No big deal, she had to have the bag, she's excited, let her talk. A quick glance over Jenny's shoulder didn't reveal a navy blue travel bag, though.

"I was at the pool... maybe five minutes... took my towel off... and it took, like, two minutes, and it was drink city." Jenny was nearly wild-eyed with excitement. "Like five guys sent drinks over, and they were staring and talking with their buddies, then this one guy... Craig... he was SOooo hot. Had this tiny white bikini on. A guy! With the little trunks... and his package... wow! Anyway, he buys me a Fuzzy Navel, which is so weird, 'cause that's our favorite, and he doesn't even know me..."

Amy couldn't help but smile, even though another cursory look across the room didn't find her bag.

"...then he asks me to go for a swim... so we do... then I just went for it." Jenny pauses for dramatic effect (and to catch her breath). "We fucked in the pool under a waterfall. We were kissing and I felt him get rock hard, so I just pulled his dick out, slid my bottoms over, and there it was... VERY hot... I've never done it so publicly before."

Amy gasped. "You didn't wear a condom?"

"No, I didn't wear a condom... I don't really have anything to put it on, anyway, silly." Jenny giggled. "Plus, this wasn't really exactly a thoroughly planned out event, you know? I remembered my pill today, and as far as any other bad thing that could happen... well, it ain't gonna happen. He seemed clean."

"I hope not... for your sake," said Amy. The she remembered the bag. She crossed her fingers again. "Jenny... I've got a question for you. Did you by any chance come back to the room and then leave really quick afterwards... like maybe ten minutes ago?"

"Uh... no... I left Craig in the pool and came straight here to tell you about it. I haven't been back here since I left the first time. Why?"

Amy began to shake, then the crying began. Jenny slipped an arm around her distraught friend. "Amy, babe, what's wrong? What happened?"

"My bag... someone came into the room... my bag is gone..." she blurted through wracking sobs.

"What? Someone came into the room? How? We had the only keys, I thought. Waitaminute..." Jenny hurried around the bed. "Whew... my bag is still here! I wonder why they didn't take mine?" 

"Mine was on the bed, right in plain view," Amy moaned. "They must not have seen yours. What are we going to do?? My promise ring was in that bag! And all of my money for the week... and all of my clothes!" She pulled at her big tshirt. "This is all that I have!" 

Jenny moved back and gave her friend a big hug. "It'll be ok, babe. Don't worry about it. I'll get some clothes on and go find the security office. We'll sort this out, you watch."

"What am I going to do? Stay holed up in this room in this tshirt for the whole week?" 

"Well, until we do find your bag, you're welcome to anything in my bag-- clothes, money, you name it, it's yours." Jenny smiled. "I'm gonna get changed and go looking for security, alright?" And with that, Jenny grabbed her bag and retreated to the bathroom. 

****

A few short minutes later, Jenny was once again back out in the spotlight-- the object of lust for any guy (and some gals) that crossed paths with her. She had grabbed an aqua green tube top and a short pair of cutoffs for the trip. Leather open-toed slides covered feet that made tracks for the pool yet again. Jenny knew that the bartender was a friendly-enough guy, and he could probably point her in the direction of the security office. And then, it wouldn't hurt if Craig and his buddies were still hanging around, too.

Another minute and at least three catcalls later, Jenny made her triumphant return to the pool. Knowing glances greeted her, as many of the sunbathers that occupied the lounges were witnesses just an hour previous-- to her romp under the pool waterfall with a hunky young guy in tiny white trunks. Jenny headed straight for the bar, searching the crowd for Craig, the aforementioned hunky young guy in tiny white trunks. 

No sign of him... maybe the cold water was too much for him, Jenny thought, and barely stifled a giggle. "My, that water musta been chilly compared to what he was used to for the moment..." She climbed onto a bar stool and waited for the bartender to finish mixing a drink for an older lady about five stools down. The lady was bitching about the rum/ice ratio in her pina colada, so Jenny found herself tracing a finger around the condensation rings drying on the bar to pass the time. 

Daydreams of fun in the sun and in the bedroom began to envelop her mind, when the light, teasing touch of fingertips being feathered across the naked small of her back broke the reverie. 

"Hey... wildcat..." Jenny tensed at the touch and voice, but made herself relax and allowed the finger to trace its way up her spine and across the back of her neck before she turned. The body, or rather bodies, there to greet her didn't match her expectations... but they may have surpassed them. 

The guy who had spoken opened his mouth to speak again, but Jenny cut him off. "Hey... you two are Craig's friends, aren't you?" Earlier, whilst "entertaining" young Craig the college stud under the pool's waterfall, Jenny had caught Craig's entourage gawking at the show. Rather than look away in embarrassment, she gave the boys a wink and a grin. An exhibitionistic side she didn't know she ever had had revealed itself in that pool. Being watched-- especially by these two hotties-- really got her off.

"Uh, yeah" stammered the first guy. "I didn't think you'd recognize us. My name is Mark, and this is my little brother, Chris. We're in the same frat with Craig."

Jenny almost let a giggle slip with the mention of "little" in reference to the guy called Chris. While Mark stood a respectable six feet tall and possessed a trim physique, Chris could have been the starting middle linebacker for his college football team. He was at least five inches taller than his "big" brother and had to weigh at least 250 pounds. The family resemblance was definitely there, though. Brown eyes and a strong jaw on the both of them. They were a little more modest than their buddy Craig, too. Board shorts-- no bikinis there.

"Well, nice to meet you face-to-face, boys. I remember you two perfectly." Jenny flashed the lopsided grin. Brothers! And totally gorgeous ones, too!

The threesome chatted for a short while, the brothers buying Jenny her umpteenth drinks of the day, and then the last remaining sunbathers of the afternoon (it was nearing twilight now) watched lunchtime's little "tramp" exit stage left with two new men....

****

Meanwhile...

Amy stood next to the bed, looking dejectedly at the pile of clothes piled into and spilling out of Jenny's travel bag. 

Jenny had been gone for over an hour, supposedly looking for the security office. Amy hoped that that meant the security office was really tough to find, and Jenny was kinda bad with directions... but more than likely Jenny had been approached by (or approached herself) a good-looking guy, and together they were off watching the sunset or having a drink or fucking in his room. So, rather than sit around for the rest of the night in a big tshirt and watch TV, Amy had decided to see if she could find a decent outfit in Jenny's wardrobe and get out of the cabin for awhile. She hadn't paid a few thousand dollars to sit in what amounted to a half-size hotel room for a week. Things stolen or no, she was determined to at least try to have a good time.

But... that didn't work out as nicely as she had hoped. Twenty minutes of searching, then searching again for a "decent" outfit in Jenny's things was turning out to be a job for Ethan Hunt and the Impossible Mission people. 

First Amy looked for underwear... start with the basics. Amy found two bras. Two?! For a whole week? But wait-- did Jenny ever wear a bra? Rarely. She chose the demi-cut in pastel yellow. It was cute, but it looked a bit big. Amy checked the tag, but couldn't find one-- Jenny must have clipped it off. 

Modesty always a concern, Amy made sure that that blinds over the sliding glass balcony door were closed entirely, then moved to the front door to verify that it was locked. She shuddered when she remembered that someone else had the key to their room-- so she added the chain near the top of the door as a precaution.

Satisfied with her enforced privacy, Amy peeled off her t-shirt and tossed it on the floor. White cotton panties and a white bra landed in the heap seconds later. Amy grabbed the silky yellow bra from the bed and slipped her arms inside the straps, then reached around to clasp it in back. But even at its tightest clasp, the bra hung loose on her chest. Too big. It was maybe 36 around, and definitely a cup size too large. Amy nearly ripped the fragile fabric in frustration. She had always been disgusted with the size of her chest. He mom had been nicknamed "Bubbles" when she went to high school. Why couldn't she have inherited the trait?

No bra, then. She thought about just wearing her own sole remaining bra -- the one she had just taken off-- then decided against it. She had already worn it for a day and a half. But there was still hope-- she had brought some tank tops on the trip that had support built into them, and surely Jenny had a few that were similar. 

Panties, then. In the side pouch, next to where she found the two bras. At an initial glance, it looked as if Jenny had only brought two pairs of panties (why not? only two bras). It was then, with some amount of horror, that Amy realized that she was indeed looking at a week's worth of panties-- but that week's worth of panties included about as much fabric in ten pairs as would have been contained in TWO pairs of Amy's panties. String bikinis... string thong bikinis. Satiny, shimmery, and in seemingly every color of the pastel rainbow-- plus the standard red, black, and white.

Amy had never worn a thong before. She had never even considered wearing a thong. Always weight-conscious, she thought that her butt was way too big to show off. Looking at the tiny loops of fabric, she wondered if she would even fit into one. Jenny's ass was very small compared to hers, but it was either a thong or nothing at all. It took her a moment to orient the panties... it was difficult to discern the leg holes from the waistband. Then, with a "here goes nothing" sigh, she stepped into Jenny's pastel green thong and pulled the panties up, crossing her face up as the thin band of fabric in the back slid snug between her cheeks and tight against her sex.

The panties fit like a glove. A little too tight, actually, but not a crisis. Amy wasn't sure if she liked the feel or not-- like a constant wedgie on the (dis)comfort side, but yet a little daring. She liked the twinge she got as she saw the reflection of her bare ass in the mirror on the bathroom door. She had lost a lot of weight recently! Her "ghetto" booty was definitely shrinking. Looking at the front, she was suddenly grateful that Jenny had insisted on the two of them getting a bikini wax together before the trip. 

Walking back to the bag (and resisting the ingrained urge to readjust her underwear), Amy began to scout for a pair of shorts or a bottom of some sort. Easy enough-- white shorts. Jenny had several pairs. She chose a random one (they looked all the same) and slipped them on. Whoa. They were super-tight, and her butt was nearly exposed out of the back of them. So Amy tried another pair, and then another... and every pair fit the same way. 

Ok... save the bottoms for later... find a respectable top. And ten minutes later, the bag had still not yielded the support tank top that Amy was positive that Jenny owned. Tears came. She wished that Chuck was there. She wished for her bag, her clothes, her ring.

****

Night had fallen by the time the door to suite B11 slowly opened. A sandal-clad foot appeared through the crack between door and wall, then the rest of a very red-faced Amy stepped out into the hall. Chuck would have shit. His girlfriend of four years, the picture of modesty and innocence... 

Amy had relented. Her desire to get out was greater than her unease about the outfit she had been forced to wear.

She guessed that the shorts weren't too bad. As long as she took it slow in walking, they wouldn't ride up and show her ass. It was the top that had her slightly mortified. Amy had been forced to go braless, which wasn't normally an uncomfortable thing. Her chest was only a 34A, so she didn't really need any support... but then there was the nipple issue. The warm tropical air was contantly interrupted by a cool breeze that blew off of the ocean. The thin, nearly sheer material of the tank top Amy had chosen was little protection against the periodic drop in temperature, and it showed. It really showed. 

Amy could never fully let herself go to enjoy the sights, sounds, and smells of the giant floating paradise. She was too concerned with the slowly-rising white shorts as she walked, and covering her chest with crossed arms. She guessed that anyone that saw her would wonder what in the hell was her mood-- to be walking at nearly a snail's pace with crossed arms? Was she mad? 

She decided to check out Jenny's infamous waterfall at the pool-- to see the site of the "dirty deed." Maybe "clear" her head with a drink at the pool bar.

****

Finding the security office was the last thing on Jenny's mind as she strolled arm-in-arm with the brothers Mark and Chris, back to their room she assumed. The boys had someplace else in mind, though. The Quintessent Rainbow had nearly 25 jacuzzi/sauna setups scattered across its many decks, each privacy-shielded by tinted glass, greenery, or faux bamboo walls. It was to one of these that the guys were headed.

It being dinnertime, the group had somewhat of a choice of setups. The brothers chose a greenery-shielded "oasis," turned on the spa feature of the jacuzzi, then stepped into the steaming and bubbling waters. Jenny took a seat at one of the two two-person tables that was situated near the water and crossed her legs. "Hey guys... this place is great, but I didn't bring a suit or anything."

Chris laughed, "Well, that was the point. You didn't seem all that modest with Craig in the pool earlier."

"Well, what makes you two think that I even want to fool around?" Jenny tried to sound offended, but inside her heart was pounding with excitement. 

Mark-- "Don't give us that, now... we saw you winking earlier... and we know what was happening while you were winking. Craig told us that you were the one that got onto him..."

Jenny was a firm believer in "actions speak louder than words," so rather than continue the hard-to-get ruse (and make herself wait), she took action. A pair of the little white shorts that Amy could barely squeeze into were soon on the ground and kicked to the side, then sandals were kicked nearby. Jenny's aqua tube top and matching aqua micro-thong became a makeshift swimsuit. With a flash of the lopsided grin and a wink, she joined the brothers in the boiling jacuzzi.

"We didn't mean to get in in your underwear," said Mark. He seemed to be moving under the water as he said this, and then his hand came up with his shorts. "We'll do the same if it makes you more comfortable." Chris took that as a cue and deposited his own trunks on the edge of the jacuzzi seconds later.

This was beginning to advance too quickly, even for Jenny. The guys had immediately descended on her, their hard naked cocks pressed against the outsides of her thighs, their hands exploring her semi-nude body without invitation. She normally wouldn't mind the attention, but in such a public area? At least at the pool she was still in her swimsuit and under the cover of the waterfall for the most part. Here anyone could walk in, and already a rough hand had pulled down her now-transparent tube top and exposed her small breasts. Another hand-- Chris's, she thought-- was tugging on the string of fabric that constituted the waistband of her tiny panties.

"Guys... GUYS.. " Jenny tried to be firm, but a tongue in her mouth silenced her concerns before she could voice them. Mark and Chris had planned this interlude seconds after the "wink," and were not to be denied. In her half-hearted struggle, Jenny became vaguely aware of her thong's waistband snapping from Chris's insistent tugging. 

Mark stuffed his dick in her mouth just as two of Chris's thick fingers invaded her pussy. At this, Jenny's lust overrode any misgivings she had over the situation. She opened her mouth wider and relaxed her throat to take all of Mark's seven inches. She was relatively inexperienced at deep throating, but the hands clutched behind her head didn't offer much of an option. His pubic hair began to tickle her nose with each thrust. To keep from losing consciousness, she tried concentrating on the fingers alternately working in and out of her sex and tweaking her clit. Her orgasm exploded through the haze, but then all was dark.
