 The sky grew dark as a bad thunderstorm started to roll in. I could hear the soft roar of thunder in the distance, as I walked in the room.

I found you lying on the couch, you were all curled up as If you were cold, I couldn't have that and,

You looked so innocence lying there in your white half shirt, blue jean shorts, midriff shinning. I roused you up, by putting my hands under you legs and around your back. 

I could see your lovely smile starting to bloom, as you turned your head away from me, cutting your beautiful eyes back into mine.

We could hear the rain starting to tap against the windowpane, as I carried you towards the bedroom, I felt your lips gently kiss my left hand, my lips softly kissing your neck in return. 

We could smell the sweet aroma of scented candles as I carried you closer to the bedroom, a bedroom lighted by the soft glow of two gardenia scented candles. 

I started to lower you down on the bed but I felt your arms tighten around my neck, as you pulled up to me, as I tasted your lips for the first time.

I laid you down on the bed so gently, our eyes never straying from each other.

I see desire your eyes and I know u see it in mine. You turn away and then turn to face me and smile. 

I begin to drop to my knees as you pull your half shirt off. I start to unbutton your blue jeans shorts. I stand, as I pull your shorts and panties off in one motion.

My breath catches, as I take in the full beauty of your naked tan body.

I stand there like a statue in time as you rise and drop to your knees in front of me.

I feel your hands starting to unbutton my jeans.

My desire for you is evident, as my throbbing cock is standing proud. 

I can feel your hands starting to stroke me as I pull you up to me and place my tongue in your mouth. Our kiss deepens as our hands begin to roam. 

I feel your body quiver as lightening hits the ground close by, the electricity is in the air. You lean into my embrace, I know you feel safe in my arms.

We take each other in as the storm draws closer. The soft glow of the candles makes your tan body glisten in my eyes. The desire is so thick and heavy.

My mouth kisses your neck, the tip of my tongue twirling, as I kiss away from you, I whisper in your ear, I see the devilish grin. 

I lay down on the bed as you push away from me; I watched your body in the shadows on the wall, as you go to your dresser drawer, retrieving your tool, laying it beside my head. 

I lay still as you positioned yourself over my body; our bodies in different directions, the sound of the thunder grew closer as the rain fell harder.

I can feel your hands gently starting to stroke me as I begin to massage your ass my thumbs working closer to my treasure. I feel your juices on my thumbs; I taste you so sweet and wondrous. 

I can feel your tongue twirling around my head.

Hearing the intake of your breath I feel you take me more fully in my mouth. I 

thrust towards you as you take all of me.

I moan as I feel your mouth moving ever so gently over my hardened cock. 

Oh my god, the touch of your hands, massaging my balls, my ass clinches.

I must concentrate on you.

The tip of my tongue starts to travel the outside edges of your hot, wet, pussy, you taste so nice. 

I feel you come off me, as I dart tongue deep inside you, I hear you moan out in pleasure as I roll my tongue over. You arch against me as I continue my sweet torture of you. 

I can feel your hand moving over me faster and harder right before I feel your sweet lips on your cock again.

I want to cum so bad, my hand turns to the vibrator, I flip the switch and lay it in the middle of your ass, slowly moving it down across your lips and sliding it up and down the top of your clit, I hear you moan out in pleasure.

My hand massaging your ass, I feel your body quiver, you arch, as I slide the tool, in my pussy, in one smooth stroke.

I feel your tongue running rabid, as your mouth returns to me, oh mygoodness.

I'm so sensitive, your tongue, twirling, licking, traveling the length of me.

My ass tightens; I'm driving the vibrator in you harder and faster, with a gentle full stroke.

If you only knew how these words make me feel, I'm so fuckin hot.

Little baby hold my thoughts close to you.

The end draws closer as the thunder grows louder.

I feel my ass rotating, you moving backwards to meet me in an orgasm so strong.

I feel you drawing me in as I explode in your mouth. 

You sit back on my face, as I pull the tool away and taste you so sweet as your body starts to spasm in pleasure.

The storm rages on.

I lay still watching you get up, walking to the bathroom.

Your body making lovely shadows in my mind. I trade places with you stopping to kiss your neck.

When I return, I lay beside you as you roll over and put your mouth on mine, our tongues begin to twist as one.

My cock starting to rise again as you fondle me with such tenderness.

I watch the glory of you as you rise up and straddle me. 

I could feel your hand grasp me as you steadied your body over me. The weight of your body easy down on me slowly. I felt the full force of you body driving my cock deep in your hot, wet, moist pussy. 

Your hands on my chest as you started to rotate your hips, driving down on me in full long strokes, your body gliding ever so gracefully over me. My hands running up your arms and caressing the side of your face and then to your thighs, I slowly begin to stroke them. 

The glory of your body as you rise straight over me, grinding your ass on my hard swollen dick, I feel your lips constrict as you rise up, pulling me upwards. I moan your name out in pleasure, oh my god, Yes, Take all me baby I'm yours to have. 

I pull your hands and feel you chest lying on mine as our lips meet in a passionate kiss.

My hands running through your long hair and down the back of your hot sweaty body, stroking the small of your back. 

I watch as you push off my chest quickly. I begin to arch meeting my baby stroke for stroke, our bodies clashing as one. My hands rising up, I begin to stroke your breasts, my thumbs lightly grazing your tender taunt nipples. 

YOU MOAN OUT WITH PLEASURE. 

I feel you quiver as your flow warms me. 

Your body rocks backwards, your hands on my thighs. I can feel my cock starting to throb, as I look down the length of my body. 

I see my baby's pussy has started to swell, the beauty of her body is more than I can stand. I'm clinching your thighs as you begin to rock your hips harder and faster. 

I can see the bottom of my shaft as you glide upwards; I'm soaked with your juices. My hands reaching for your waist, I can't hold back my passion for you anymore. 

Your body starts to quiver as your ass clinches down on me. My body arching as I release. Your flow running down my legs again warming my balls as you moan out my name. The pressure builds again, as I cum with a sigh only you have ever brought me.

The end approaches, Our moans blend together. 

You collapse on my chest; you gently roll over and pull me with you. We hold each other, kissing and lightly caressing each other as you whisper in my ear. The storm has passed.

All is calm as we drift off to sleep as we drift off to sleep.

The storm has passed

The End