 It is storming outside. I hear the rain hitting my windows and the gentle rumble of the thunder. I don't know what woke me up; it must have been the storm. I am turning over onto my stomach when the lightning flashes and I see a shadow of what looks like a person. I sit up and stare into the shadows but there is nothing there. Figuring it is just my imagination I lay back down and close my eyes. I roll onto my stomach and fall asleep.

I wake up to a tickling sensation on the inside of the thighs. I jerk in response and realize that my hands are tied together above my head; they are attached to a cord tied to one of the four posters of my bed. I hear your little rumble of laughter and my heart starts racing.

I feel something cold press into my back and you say "Don't do anything stupid and make me use this. Listen to everything I say and you won't get hurt. Understand?" As I nod my head you say: "Good, now I want you to roll over." I am starting to shake but I roll over. With my arms raised above my head it pushes my breasts out, I hear you groan. I can't see you, your face is in the shadows but I see a feather in your hand.

The feather rises up and the tip touches my arm. You work the tip down my arm, over my collarbone and over my nipple. As my nipple hardens you do the same to the other one. With your other hand you make me spread my legs as you run the feather down my body. You run it up the inside if my leg to my thigh and switch to the other side and to the same thing.

I can smell your cologne and it is so familiar to me but as the feather passes over my freshly shaved pussy, my breath catches and all thoughts leave my mind.

You can see what you are doing to me so you lean down and take my nipple into your mouth. You circle it and flick it with your tongue. When you sucked on it, my back arched off of the bed and liquid heat pooled between my legs. You give the other nipple the same attention as your hand moves between my legs. You slide a finger down over my clit and into my pussy. You can feel how wet you have made me and that makes you all the harder.

You shift and start kissing down my stomach. You position yourself between my legs and it hits! Right as I realize who you are, you run your tongue over my clit, and your name rolls over my tongue like a caress. 

You hear me say your name and really start to lick my clit. You suck on my clit and trap my little button with your teeth while you flick it with your tongue. You can hear me panting and feel my legs quivering and you can tell I am about to cum so you shove a finger in my pussy. You feel me tighten up around your finger as my climax washes over me. You climb up and straddle my chest and tell me "suck it!" I eagerly flick my tongue out to lick the pre cum that is on your dick. I take you in my mouth as far as I can go in this position. Every time I pull back I caress the head of your cock with my tongue. I want it so bad, you taste so good. I can't get enough. You can see I am getting frustrated so you grab my head and start fucking my face. You set the pace and the rhythm and I am in heaven. I have wanted this for a long time. You can feel it starting to build up inside you but you want it to last so you pull out of my mouth. You hear me whimper and you chuckle. You lean down and kiss me. As you put your tongue in my mouth, I can taste myself on you and it is driving me wild. My pussy is throbbing, and it needs to be filled by your wonderful cock. You stop kissing me and tell me to turn over and get on my knees.

I turn over and get on my knees. You press my back down so my tits are on the bed and my ass is in the air. You stick a finger in a little jar and put a small amount on my clit and rub it in. It feels like a cool tingling sensation, but kind of hot at the same time. You see my ass start to move around and smile. You reach for a small tube and get some on your finger but you don't use it yet.

Your hand reaches down, and gently rubs my clit as you lean down and licks my ass. You hear me moan and know I am ready for anything. You play with my little hole with the tip of your tongue. You feel my legs shaking and know that it is time. You take what is on your finger and run it around the rim of my ass. You ease your finger in my ass as you ease your hard throbbing cock in my aching, wet pussy. Before you get either on in all the way you feel my muscles contract as I cum again.

You start to move your cock in and out slowly at first. You hear me moaning again and pick up the pace a little. You can feel me moving back to meet your thrusts, and before long you are slamming your cock in my pussy. You grab my hair and pull my head back arching my back even more. You take your finger out of my ass and reach down and touch my clit. I scream and you know I am ready.

You take your cock out of my pussy and you can see my juices running down my thighs. You grab the small tube again and put a little on the head of your cock. You grab your cock and put pressure against my ass. You slowly slip in and work in and out until you get all the way in.

You reach down and grab what you had shoved in my back earlier. It is my little 4 inch silver buddy. You turn it on and shove it in my pussy and tell me to keep it there. You start fucking my ass. It is so tight and you can also feel the vibrations from my toy. It feels too good and you know you are not going to last long. You can tell from my moans that I am almost there. You can't hold out any longer and you want us to go together. You reach down one last time and rub my clit and within seconds I scream your name. That is all it takes to send you over the edge as you fill my ass with your seed. 

We both collapse on the bed and I fall into an exhausted sleep. 

When I wake up in the morning and there is a rose on my pillow, and a smile on my face.