 "What rhymes with pussy?" Julie asked. She sat in a blue suede bowl-shaped chair with her head hanging off the side almost parallel with the floor. Her long legs were crossed and she was swaying her foot in time with the music radiating from a small speaker in the corner. A notebook in one hand, she tapped her freckled chin with the end of the pen she held in the other. 

"Excuse me?" Scott had his head buried in his laptop at the only desk in the small dorm room diligently working on a paper. Julie's question snapped him out of his momentum. 

Technically Scott and Julie did not live together. The college at which they were both seniors did not allow co-ed habitation – at least not officially. While Julie maintained another dorm room on campus, it was common knowledge amongst their friends that most of her belongings were at Scott's and, even when he wasn't on campus, the best place to find Julie was there. 

"Floozy?" Julie suggested as an answer to her own question. 

"Can we back up a second here, what exactly is this for?" Scott raised all five-eleven of his frame out of his desk chair and walked forward three steps, which constituted him crossing the tiny room. He leaned down and cocked his head in an attempt to get a look at what Julie was writing in her notebook, but she sensed his presence and folded it into her chest. 

"My poetry class. We are experimenting with risqué topics for next week." Shifting in the seat to look at him, she brought her feet under her and leaned back embracing the full comfort of the chair. 

"You are going to be reading a poem, about pussy, in front of your entire poetry class?" Asked Scott in a comical fashion, widening his hazel eyes and rolling his head around in over-exaggerated disbelief. 

"Not if I can't find a word that rhymes with it." 

"Poems don't have to rhyme, I'm sure you covered that by now." 

"I know, but I want this one to." 

"What about mushy?" Scott sat back down at his desk and leaned his bearded face against his arm. The wiry blonde hairs of his face stood in stark contrast to the darker hairs of his forearm. 

"Eww, talk about the least sexy word in the English language! I'm not putting mushy in my poem." 

"The least sexy word in the English language is moist and there is pretty much nationwide consensus about that." 

"Well at least we all finally agreed on something, but mushy just makes me think of baby food." Julie shook her head vehemently. Her auburn hair fell over her face. She pulled a hair tie off her wrist and put the long straight strands into a ponytail. 

"Okay then how about woodsy, pushy, loosy." Scott leaned back in his chair and, as he often did, tried to balance on the back two legs. 

"You best not be describing mine right now!" 

"No!" He let the chair crash forward onto four legs and once again stood. "Well, maybe pushy. Why don't you use a synonym for pussy instead like cooch, twat, vag, cooter. Oh! Use cooter. It can be about a guy named Scooter going down on a woman's cooter in the bathroom of a Hooters." 

"Oh my god, no!" Julie threw the pen at him, which struck Scott in his left shoulder and fell to the ground with a thud. "I am writing a sophisticated poem, not some trailer park romp! Besides, there is no guy." 

"Oh, so it's a sexy, sophisticated, self-pleasuring poem. Can I read it?" Scott motioned forward to grab the notebook from Julie, but she once again clutched it against her pert breasts. 

"No." 

"When it's finished then, after you solve your pussy problem." 

"Still no." Julie stood from the chair and stretched her long legs. In heels, Julie met her boyfriend's eye line – a prospect intimidating for most guys. 

"What? Why not? You are going to read it in front of everyone in that class." 

"Yeah, as poetry and art." 

"I respect it as poetry and art! Come on, I have seen you do it, why can't I read about it?" 

"It's not about me rubbing myself," she said clearly getting agitated. 

"What? Wait. Is it like one of those things where the body parts talk? Like in Fight Club? I am Julie's raging pussy." 

"I don't even understand that reference." Julie stated blankly. 

"We are putting Fight Club at the top of our movies-to-watch list," Scott answered affronted, "but what is the poem about then?" 

"I'm not going to tell you, so just drop it," she turned away from him and packed her backpack on the twin bed they somehow shared almost every night. 

"Oh, no, no, no, you always do this. You always dangle something in front of my face and then refuse to tell me the whole story and act like I am the intrusive one." Scott talked to her back and, when he didn't get a response, he walked up behind her and slapped her hard on her taut ass cheek. It barely moved. "If you didn't want me to know what you were writing, you wouldn't have asked me about pussy." 

"Hey! I regret it deeply now." She rubbed her suddenly sore ass beneath her grey athletic shorts. 

"I'm gonna wrestle you for that notebook in about five seconds." 

"You wouldn't dare." She picked up the notebook from the bed and held it tightly. 

"Five, four –" 

"Okay fine, you're such an ass." She threw down the notebook again and crossed her slender arms flecked with the same marks of adorability that covered her face. "It's about two females." 

"You're writing a lesbian poem?" Scott straightened out of his crouched attack mode. 

"They aren't necessarily lesbians." 

"Interesting." Scott sat back down at his desk and toggled his computer's mouse to kick it back to life. 

"What?" 

"Nothing, it is an interesting topic for your poem." Scott said with his back turned to Julie. 

"Why did you say interesting like that though?" Julie rested against Scott's desk and leaned down to try to get a read on his face. Scott was the worst poker player in any tournament. "You said it very slowly like there is something interesting beyond my poem." 

"Babe, what? You're crazy." Scott bellowed behind a cheesy, forced smile. 

"There is! You only call me babe when you are hiding something! What is it?" 

"It's nothing!" Scott leaned back in his chair and looked up at Julie with a wide grin he could not conceal. 

"I'm going to wrestle you in five, four –" 

"You really think that is going to work the opposite way?" 

"Scott, tell me!" 

"Okay fine!" Scott stood and walked over to the blue suede chair and plopped himself in it. Julie reacted in kind, sitting in his desk chair. "Remember that party a few months ago that we went to? Theta Phi's Spring Kickoff? Remember you had to leave early because you had that paper due, but I stayed with Camillo and Aaron and Gretchen? Well you came up to me, you kissed me goodbye and when you turned to leave, I caught Gretchen's eyes fixated on your ass." Scott used his hands to imitate Julie turning away and widened his eyes mimicking Gretchen's look of enthrallment. "Like locked on, as if the world was just her and your ass. Just watching you saunter away. You were wearing those soft pink pants, the ones that I love." 

"Oh, the ones with the zipper and no buttons?" Julie rubbed her thighs, "I love those, I call them Easy Access because all it takes is one pull and they are off!" 

"Didn't know that! That's a good name. I like it. Anyway I made a stupid comment, like 'oh like what you see?' and she gets all sputtery and embarrassed and just walks away from the circle. At the time, I didn't think much of it. I figured she was drunk, I was drunk, but then later in the night she comes up to me, clearly wasted at this point, and she tells me –" 

"Oh my god, I can't believe her!" Julie leaned forward resting her elbows on her knees and clutched both sides of her mouth like she was anticipating a gasp that instead caught in her throat. 

"So it's true?!" Scott's mouth widened and he clapped his hands together in astonishment. 

"How much did she tell you?" Julie straightened suddenly in the desk chair. 

"How much is there to know?" 

"Nothing." She stood and began pacing; her bare feet smacked the ground resolutely with every step. 

"You're doing it again. And now it's just insulting because you're withholding information from me that I already know." 

"Why don't you tell me what you think you know, and I will tell you how wrong it is?" 

"Okay, I'll play, but keep in mind, they had been passing jell-o shots around. Who knows what got lost in translation between her account and my memory," Scott tossed his hands over his head excessively, "but from what I gathered, you guys had pottery together first semester junior year. You had been in class late one night working on an exceptionally difficult piece when she came up from behind you. At first she just watched the clay glide through your long graceful fingers, but her presence distracted you and you slipped up and destroyed your mold. You were about to start again when you felt her warm, slippery hands on yours, your fingers interlocked and –" 

"That's Ghost." 

"So that movie you know." 

"I knew she didn't tell you anything, I'm leaving." Julie shoved the notebook in her backpack and went to take the bundle from the bed. Scott leaped up and grabbed her wrists to stop her. 

"No, no, wait, wait, I'm sorry! She told me that in junior year when you two were suitemates, she came home upset after some kid she was dating broke up with her." 

"Mark," she said, releasing her backpack and sitting on the bed instead. 

"Ah, so not too far from the truth, and you two were the only ones there, she was very emotional, you comforted her, she kissed you, and you two ended up hooking up before falling asleep together." 

"How is this the first you are telling me of it?" 

"I didn't think much of it!" Scott returned to his seat in the blue chair. "To be honest, I have heard of her doing freakier things and have seen you do them so when she told me not to say anything to you, I was like 'all right'. I have never seen you express lesbian tendencies before – until now of course." 

"That's what she told you?" Julie tapped her finger against her chin and with the other hand slowly massaged her own collarbone. 

"100% yeah, why?" 

"Interesting." Julie said and gazed off in front of her as if Scott had magically disappeared from the room. 

"That's the slow deep interesting! Why is it interesting?!" 

"Because it's not true," she responded after a long and lingering second. 

"Julie, come on, we weren't even dating at the time, what does it matter if I know?" 

"Exactly, we weren't dating at the time, so there was no reason for her to tell you that it happened, but then lie about how it happened." 

"So you aren't mad that she told me," Scott said trying to understand, "just mad that she told it wrong?" 

"I'm not mad, but if you are going to tell a story, might as well tell the whole thing." 

"I couldn't agree more," Scott grabbed a small remote from the corner of his desk and turned off the music that had been on since Julie first started talking about pussy, "so out with it." 

"Fuck, I walked right into that one." Julie said leaning back on the bed, "Fine, but it's not going to be that easy. Gretchen was drunk when she told you, I'm totally sober, I'm going to need some coaxing." 

"I got liquor." Scott made a beeline for the mini-fridge in the corner of the dorm room, but Julie stopped him with a hand. 

"You got something a little better than liquor." 

"Julie, I haven't had a stash of adderall since freshmen bio," he said sitting back down. 

"No! Your tongue. Get on your knees and as long as you keep going, I'll keep telling." Julie's grin now matched Scott's as she spread her legs on the bed, beckoning him forward. Her shorts were so small that the creases between her thighs didn't even hide the edges of her thong. 

"Doesn't say much for my skills if you are going to be able to tell a story through them." Scott remained seated. 

"Oh please! At least once a month you get under the desk while I eat lunch and you say 'I will eat only if you do'! This will take some mental concentration, but I guess if you don't want me to tell it –" She started closing her legs slowly, but stopped when Scott perked up from his chair. 

"Fine, take off your shorts." Julie did as instructed, pulling her thong down with her shorts until she was fully exposed. Scott got up from the chair. 

"They are gone, now crawl!" Julie exclaimed right as Scott took his first step towards her. 

"I'm not crawling." He protested. 

"I guess you don't want to hear the story then –" Julie began to close her legs once more as Scott swallowed his pride – something he was adept at doing at this point in their lengthy relationship. 

"Fine. This floor is dirty though." Scott dropped to his knees and in two short crawls found himself staring into Julie's luscious lips – a place he had visited not nine hours earlier when the day was still young. The always-pungent smell of sex still lingered on her. 

It was a Thursday ritual for Scott and Julie to have some form of sex at ten-thirty in the morning right after Scott's nine o'clock class and before Julie's eleven-thirty class. Today it had been oral – a sixty-nine on the very same bed. The sun was high in the sky then and they had closed the binds to keep it out. Now the day was all but done and, with the window now open, the descending sun cut across the room like a laser dividing Julie's thighs between darkness and the light. 

"That makes it all the sweeter, darling." Julie relaxed back on the bed completely resting her head on the body pillow that was placed against the wall. She took her shirt off and eased out of the matching grey sports bra she had on in order to play with her already-erect nipples while her boyfriend pleasured her most intimate of areas. 

Scott got into a comfortable kneeling position and began by kissing her inner thighs. He kissed her soft flesh in such a way that as his lips were leaving her skin, his tongue would dart out for one last bit of sensation before all contact ceased entirely. Then he would move one inch closer to his ultimate destination and repeat the process. Once he was done moving down one thigh, he would start at the beginning of the other one. This was a dance he performed when Julie got too demanding. He could not let her think she had too much power over him. She had to be reminded that her pleasure in this department still depended on his tongue. 

"Oh god, that feels fucking amazing! You better not make me orgasm until I am done telling though, stay towards the edges, don't venture into the deep end yet and definitely don't go all the way under water yet, you know that will make me explode." 

"Damn, if this is a prelude to your poem, I am impressed." 

"Shut up and get your head back down. Fuck yeah, okay it was late junior year and Gretchen was in the common area when I came in. I was drenched. It had been raining all day that day and I was a hot mess. I didn't have an umbrella, my clothes were soaked, my make-up was running down my face, my hair was a frizzy shit-show! I honestly looked frightful." 

"This is the worst start to a lesbian story ever," said Scott temporarily removing his head from between her legs. 

"Oh I'm sorry, were you expecting thongs and pillow fights?" 

"You are usually in a thong." 

"Can I continue?" Julie eased Scott's head back down with her hand. "I slammed the door and started ranting and raving about how all of the quads on campus don't have crisscross paths. If you want to walk through them, you gotta walk through the dirt and grass or go around and add like three minutes to your journey. Gretchen was nice enough to get me a towel while I was getting everything in the common room wet with my angry gestures. When I calmed down, I noticed her make-up was running too so I asked her if she had also been out in the rain, but she said no she had been home all day. So I stopped my weather drama, threw a towel under my wet pants, sat and asked her what was wrong. And she spilled everything about the end of her relationship with Mark the night before and how it focused on their chemistry in the bedroom. They were having sex, but Mark wanted to pleasure her orally and Gretchen had somehow never had anyone do that for her before. She found the idea of it a little taboo." 

"Did she give blow jobs?" Scott, who had been listening intently, had been trying his best to stick to Julie's plan. He would move his tongue up one side of her pink pussy lips and come back down the other side making an oval that resembled a racetrack. He would then zigzag his tongue back up and complete the circle again in reverse. His curtailed tongue-lashing persisted in this clockwise to counterclockwise pattern as he tried his best to avoid licking her clit and, her real orgasmic weakness, her ass. 

"No, no oral at all!" Julie squealed out on one of Scott's circles that came exceedingly close to her clit. "Apparently whatever fucked-up sex ed. teacher she had in high school taught her that oral sex was the worst kind of sex and to never engage in it. So Mark had tried multiple times to convince Gretchen to just give oral a try, but she couldn't shake the stigma that got drilled into her head all those years ago. They fought about it multiple times, Mark always thinking he was making progress, but each time it was actually making Gretchen more and more afraid to try any of it. That's the issue with men; you try to scream your point across. You think if you argue loud enough and say the same thing over and over again that you will eventually succeed in getting what you want." 

"Portable sex swings exist!" Scott barked out from between Julie's legs. "It can be conspicuously stored when not in use –" 

"Not the time!" Julie yelled down at him rolling her eyes in the process. "Anyway, Mark was also an idiot and thought that the fight was him versus Gretchen – him in one corner wanting oral sex and her in the other corner not wanting it. He was too stupid to realize that the fight was Gretchen versus herself and that getting what he wanted didn't really matter here. What mattered was making Gretchen see that she did not need to be ashamed of her sexual desires. That oral sex was not a sin. If he had just listened to her it was obvious what she was asking for." 

"What?" Scott had stopped all manner of sexual pleasure. 

"A guide. A teacher. She was looking for someone to stop talking to her about it and yelling at her about it and just take the reins and show her." 

"Something tells me you decided to play that role." Scott chuckled. 

"Keep licking," insisted Julie. "So I leaned in and kissed her. I kissed her. And once I confirmed my suspicions that this is what she wanted, I stood up in my wet pants and told her to unzip them. I told her we could stop whenever she felt too uncomfortable, but that if she wanted to break her stigma with this she had to get past her fears and start listening to her base desires. " 

"Whoa! " Scott said, stopping once more, "and did she do it?" 

"You really aren't supposed to talk with your mouth full." Julie said with a wicked smile, "go get the vibrator from the closet and I will continue." 

Scott got up and opened the accordion door to the closet and parted the clothes revealing a large lockbox that took up much of the floor. He punched in a combination into the keypad and opened the lid. Rifling around through butt plugs, paddles, bed restraints, and dildos, he found a little blue silicone vibrator. He put the lockbox away and turned the vibrator on to test it. He was about to walk back over to Julie when she stopped him. 
