 From the writer: 

While in school I went to see a performance of the play 'Our Town' by Thornton Wilder. It captivated me because it lacked any type of scenery, set or prop. It was unlike anything I had ever seen before in the theatre. This minimalist approach to storytelling stood in stark contrast to other plays that attempted to make the action as real as possible with lavish costumes and intricate sets like 'Equus' and its mechanical horse or 'Phantom of the Opera' and its giant chandelier. I was enthralled by Wilder's ability to craft a tale (and the actors' ability to perform it) that was stripped to its bare bones so to speak - forcing the audience to fill in the blanks. 

It is with this principle in mind that I wrote the following story stripped of all descriptors and using pure dialogue to get the plot and point across. I let you, the reader, fill in the blanks with your own personal perspectives and insights. As Wilder said "Our claim, our hope, our despair are in the mind—not in things, not in 'scenery.'" 

On my profile, you will find 'The Story and The Poem" Version 1 with full descriptors and a slightly different storyline. Although I am sure you have better things to do than read the same erotic story twice, it would be an interesting thought experiment to see how closely the set in your head matched up with the one in mind. 

I hope you enjoy! 

***** 

"What rhymes with pussy?" 

"Excuse me?" 

"Floozy?" 

"Can we back up a second here, what exactly is this for?" 

"My poetry class. We are experimenting with risqué topics for next week." 

"You are going to be reading a poem, about pussy, in front of your entire poetry class?" 

"Not if I can't find a word that rhymes with it." 

"Poems don't have to rhyme, I'm sure you covered that by now." 

"I know, but I want this one to." 

"What about mushy?" 

"Eww, talk about the least sexy word in the English language! I'm not putting mushy in my poem." 

"The least sexy word in the English language is moist and there is pretty much nationwide consensus about that." 

"Well at least we all finally agreed on something, but mushy just makes me think of baby food." 

"Okay then how about woodsy, pushy, loosy." 

"You best not be describing mine right now!" 

"No! Well, maybe pushy. Why don't you use a synonym for pussy instead like cooch, twat, vag, cooter. Oh! Use cooter. It can be about a guy named Scooter going down on a woman's cooter in the bathroom of a Hooters." 

"Oh my god, no! I am writing a sophisticated poem, not some trailer park romp! Besides, there is no guy." 

"Oh, so it's a sexy, sophisticated, self-pleasuring poem. Can I read it?" 

"No." 

"Not now, when it's finished, after you solve your pussy problem." 

"Still no." 

"What? Why not? You are going to read it in front of everyone in that class." 

"Yeah, as poetry and art." 

"I respect it as poetry and art! Come on, I have seen you do it, why can't I read about it?" 

"It's not about me rubbing myself." 

"What? Wait, is it like one of those things where the body parts talk? Like in Fight Club? 'I am Julie's raging pussy'." 

"I don't even understand that reference." 

"We are putting Fight Club at the top of our movies-to-watch list, but what is the poem about then?" 

"I'm not going to tell you, so just drop it." 

"Oh, no, no, no, you always do this. You always dangle something in front of my face and then refuse to tell me the whole story and act like I am the intrusive one. If you didn't want me to know what you were writing, you wouldn't have asked me about pussy." 

"I regret it deeply." 

"I'm gonna wrestle you for that notebook in about five seconds." 

"You wouldn't dare." 

"Five, four -" 

"Okay fine, you're such an ass. It's about two females." 

"You're writing a lesbian poem?" 

"They aren't necessarily lesbians." 

"Interesting." 

"What?" 

"Nothing, it is an interesting topic for your poem." 

"Why did you say interesting like that though? You said it very slowly like there is something interesting beyond my poem." 

"Babe, what? You're crazy." 

"There is! You only call me 'babe' when you are hiding something! What is it?" 

"It's nothing!" 

"I'm going to wrestle you in five, four -" 

"You really think that is going to work the opposite way?" 

"Scott, tell me!" 

"Okay fine! Remember that party a few months ago that we went to? Theta Phi's Spring Kickoff? Remember you had to leave early because you had that paper due, but I stayed with Camillo and Aaron and Gretchen? Well you came up to me, you kissed me goodbye and when you turned to leave, I caught Gretchen's eyes fixated on your ass. Like locked on, as if the world was just her and your ass. Just watching you saunter away. You were wearing those soft pink pants, the ones that I love." 

"Oh, the ones with the zipper and no buttons. I love those, I call them Easy Access because all it takes is one pull and they are off!" 

"Right, so I made a stupid comment, like 'oh like what you see?' and she gets all sputtery and like embarrassed and just walks away from the circle. At the time, I didn't think much of it. I figured she was drunk, I was drunk, but then later in the night she comes up to me, clearly wasted at this point, and she tells me -" 

"Oh my god, I can't believe her!" 

"So it's true?!" 

"How much did she tell you?" 

"How much is there to know?" 

"Nothing." 

"You're doing it again. And now it's just insulting because you're withholding information from me that I already know." 

"Why don't you tell me what you think you know, and I will tell you how wrong it is?" 

"Okay, I'll play, but keep in mind, they had been passing jell-o shots around. Who knows what got lost in translation between her account and my memory, but from what I gathered, you guys had pottery together first semester junior year. You had been in class late one night working on an exceptionally difficult piece when she came up from behind you. At first she just watched the clay glide through your long graceful fingers, but her presence distracted you and you slipped up and destroyed your mold. You were about to start again when you felt her warm, slippery hands on yours, your fingers interlock and -" 

"That's Ghost." 

"So that movie you know." 

"I knew she didn't tell you anything, I'm leaving." 

"No, no, wait, wait, I'm sorry! She told me that in junior year when you two were suitemates, she came home upset after some kid she was dating broke up with her." 

"Mark." 

"Ah, so not too far from the truth, and you two were the only ones there, she was very emotional, you comforted her, she kissed you, and you two ended up hooking up before falling asleep together." 

"How is this the first you are telling me of it?" 

"I didn't think much of it! To be honest, I have heard of her doing freakier things and have seen you do them so when she told me not to say anything to you, I was like 'all right'. I have never seen you express lesbian tendencies before, until now of course." 

"That's what she told you?" 

"100% yeah, why?" 

"Interesting." 

"That's the slow, deep interesting! Why is it interesting?!" 

"Because it's not true." 

"Julie, come on, we weren't even dating at the time, what does it matter if I know?" 

"Exactly, we weren't dating at the time, so there was no reason for her to tell you that it happened, but then lie about how it happened." 

"So you aren't mad that she told me, just mad that she told it wrong?" 

"I'm not mad, but if you are going to tell a story, might as well tell the whole thing." 

"I couldn't agree more, so out with it." 

"Fuck, I walked right into that one. Fine, but it's not going to be that easy. Gretchen was drunk when she told you, I'm totally sober, I'm going to need some coaxing." 

"I got liquor." 

"You got something a little better than liquor." 

"Julie, I haven't had a stash of adderall since freshmen bio." 

"No! Your tongue. Get on your knees and as long as you keep going, I'll keep telling." 

"Doesn't say much for my skills if you are going to be able to tell a story through them." 

"Oh please! At least once a month you get under the table while I eat lunch and you say 'I will eat only if you do'! This will take some mental concentration, but I guess if you don't want me to tell it -" 

"Take off your shorts." 

"Yes! They are gone, now crawl!" 

"I'm not crawling." 

"I guess you don't want to hear the story then -" 

"Fine. This floor is dirty though." 

"That makes it all the sweeter, darling. Oh god, that feels fucking amazing! You better not make me orgasm until I am done telling though, stay towards the edges, don't venture into the deep end yet and definitely don't go all the way under water yet, you know that will make me explode." 

"Damn, if this is a prelude to your poem, I am impressed." 

"Shut up and get your head back down. Fuck yeah, okay it was late junior year and Gretchen was watching TV in the common area when I came in. I was drenched. It had been raining all day that day and I was a hot mess. I didn't have an umbrella, my clothes were soaked, my make-up was running down my face, my hair was a frizzy shit-show! I honestly looked frightful." 

"This is the worst start to a lesbian story ever." 

"Oh I'm sorry, were you expecting thongs and pillow fights?" 

"You are usually in a thong." 

"Can I continue? I slammed the door and started ranting and raving about how all of the quads on campus don't have crisscross paths. If you want to walk through them, you gotta walk through the dirt and grass or go around and add like three minutes to your journey. Gretchen was nice enough to get me a towel while I was getting everything in the common room wet with my angry gestures. When I calmed down I noticed her make-up was running too so I asked her if she had also been out in the rain, but she said no she had been home all day. So I stopped my weather drama, threw a towel under my butt on the couch and asked her what was wrong. And she spilled everything about the end of her relationship with Mark the night before and how it focused on their chemistry in the bedroom. Mark, much like yourself, enjoys giving pleasure from a kneeling position and Gretchen, who was not a virgin by any means, had somehow never had anyone do that for her before. She found the idea of it a little taboo." 

"Did she give blow jobs?" 

"No, no oral at all. Apparently whatever fucked up sex ed. class she had in high school taught that oral sex was the worst kind of sex and to never engage in it. So Mark had tried multiple times to convince Gretchen to just give oral a try, but she couldn't shake the stigma that got drilled into her head all those years ago. They fought about it multiple times, Mark always thinking he was making progress, but each time it was actually making Gretchen more and more afraid to try any of it. That's the issue with men; you try to scream your point across. You think if you argue loud enough and say the same thing over and over again that you will eventually succeed in getting what you want." 

"Portable sex swings exist! It can be conspicuously stored when not in use -" 

"Not the time! Anyway, Mark was also an idiot and thought that the fight was him versus Gretchen - him in one corner wanting oral sex and her in the other corner not wanting it. He was too stupid to realize that the fight was Gretchen versus herself and that getting what he wanted didn't really matter here. What mattered was making Gretchen see that she did not need to be ashamed of her sexual desires. That oral sex was not a sin. If he had just listened to her it was obvious what she was asking for." 

"What?" 

"A guide. A teacher. She was looking for someone to stop talking to her about it and yelling at her about it and just take the reins and show her." 

"Something tells me you decided to play that role." 

"Keep licking." 

"Sorry." 

"So I leaned in and kissed her. I kissed her. And once I confirmed my suspicions that this is what she wanted, I stood up in my wet pants and told her to unzip them. I told her we could stop whenever she felt too uncomfortable, but that if she wanted to break her stigma with this, she had to get past her fears and start listening to her base desires. " 

"Whoa! And did she do it?" 

"You really aren't supposed to talk with your mouth full. Go get the vibrator from the closet and I will continue. Don't put it in, same thing, edges, I don't want to orgasm until I am done with the story. Obviously she hesitated. She was fine with the kissing, but this was oral sex, sucking a dick or eating pussy, it didn't matter, oral was oral and this is what she had been taught to be ashamed of her entire life basically, but I could tell she wanted to learn. This had been her breaking point. This was the lowest of the low. A relationship she really enjoyed had ended and yeah obviously Mark was a tool in the way he went about it, but at the end of the day the crack that broke their relationship went back to this fear. A fear she wanted to overcome, but she needed a push to do it." 

"Why couldn't she do it with Mark then? He pushed. He was willing obviously." 

"Mark was doing it for him. She needed someone to do it for her. So I told her, we're best friends. We trust each other. There is nothing to be embarrassed about in front of me. And she must have seen the truth in that because the next thing I know my pants are on the ground and she is leaning forward on the couch staring into my thong-covered mound." 

"Mound?! Uh, that's worse than moist!" 

"Moist? I was soaked! The combination of the rain and my own juices, I think it was a baby blue thong I had on, but it was navy by the time she was staring into it, but before she could do anything I told her that we should probably go to her room in case one of our other suitemates comes back. So I leave my pants in the living room and lead her into her bedroom and take off the rest of my clothes." 

"You are the most confident person I know." 

"Thank you. Then I took her and laid her down on the bed and I crawled on top of her making sure to press my body down on hers. I got really close to her ear and whispered 'never go right for the gold. I like to start up here and gently kiss my way down from the neck all the way to the pelvis.' Mm, that feels good baby, keep the vibrator right there." 

"Then what did you do?" 

"What do you mean? I just told you. I started at her neck and kissed my way down, but I also stripped her slowly as I went. I can multitask pretty damn well and as I continued to work my way down with my mouth, my hands were unbuttoning any button, unzipping any zipper and by the time I got to her hip bone, she was in nothing but a bra and underwear and didn't even realize it." 

"Holy fuck, you are like a sexual ninja, how is it that I am always undressing myself?" 

"Because usually you can't wait to fuck me and strip in like five seconds. So I stopped kissing at her pelvis. She was panting really hard and her flat stomach would sink in and her skin would get tight around her ribcage with every heavy exhale. I just admired her body for a second. Admired how she had put this important life event in my hands. Admired the control she had granted me. Oh god, it was overwhelming. I remember I had this slow sexy build-up prepared where I would kiss both sides of her inner thighs, but I got so hot in that second that I totally forgot it. I basically ripped her underwear off and before I knew it my face was buried in her sex and I was like a woman possessed. I had never eaten pussy before and -" 

"Wait what? You had never done this before? You took it upon yourself to guide Gretchen when you had never done it yourself?" 

"I have given blow jobs before!" 

"But you have never eaten pussy! You are there in your bravado and confidence, and you yourself were totally new to it!" 

"I have a vagina, I have gotten that vagina licked, and I have given blow jobs. Like I said oral is oral, a dick, a pussy, what's the difference?" 

"What's the difference?! Did you have the same shitty sex ed. teacher Gretchen had?" 

"Call me crazy, but oral has very little to do with the object and everything to do with the person performing it. It's about confidence, it's about trial and error and reading the signs and signals of the person's body so you know what is working and what is not working and adjusting accordingly. It isn't an act - it's a subtle dance and the performer is the lead. The minute I put my tongue on her pussy I was already experimenting and found myself starting with the moves that I knew I enjoyed." 

"Should I be taking notes?" 

"I sucked her clit into my mouth and batted it around with my tongue like a speed bag, but I felt her withdraw like I was hurting her so I pulled back too and eased the pressure off of her clit. I started swirling my tongue around it instead hitting her lips and her hood. I would start with small circles and progressively make them wider and then contract them. She seemed to enjoy that because her stomach began to contract and her legs started to shake. I noticed that every time I got to the top of the circle, around her hood, she would give this little squeal. It was really noticeable because she was otherwise silent. I decided to focus just on the top half of the circle. Once I did that, it took about three minutes and she was grabbing my arm bracing through her first oral orgasm." 

"Damn, three minutes, that's it?" 

"Like a virgin on prom night." 

"Was it awkward then? What happened? Wait, when did you take my pants off?" 

"I told you I can multi-task, now come fuck me. After she came down from it, I laid down next to her and asked her how it was and she said she couldn't believe she had gone that many years without knowing that type of pleasure. Slower baby, I am close. Then I wrapped my arms around her and told her to take what I showed her and practice it on me." 

"Figured you weren't letting her go without getting yours." 

"It wasn't about that! I broke the seal on her oral hesitation by doing her, but I had to make sure it would stick. She had to be able to give it as well as take it and like I said, dick, pussy, what's the difference really. So I laid back and she crawled on top of me, her big boobs were swinging over my face, so I might have grabbed hold of one and sucked it a bit, but then she started moving down my body, kissing gently and using her hands to trace the kisses until she got to my pussy. Then she hesitated. I so badly wanted to grab her head and shove her tongue into me, but I knew she had to do it on her own. It might have taken only a minute, but when you are that close to getting eaten out, that minute feels like a month. Finally I felt the slightest of grazes against my outer pussy lips and then it was bedlam! Next thing I know she is literally trying to get her entire tongue into my pussy. Tongue-fucking me as if it were a cock. It's not my favorite thing, but I let her explore and experiment with it. I twerked my hips a bit so her tongue started sliding up the length of my vagina getting closer and closer to my clit. I don't know if she sensed it or not, but she eventually started lapping at my clit and I started matching my hips to the rhythm of her tongue and it was pure ecstasy! Ask me what happened next." 

"What?" 

"Ask me what fucking happened next!" 

"What happened next?" 

"Ask me again, fucking scream at me what happened next!" 

"What happened next?!?" 
