 You may wish to read my "Rescuing Amy" stories for an introduction to my neighbors and the unlikely events that led up to this point...




In quiet times I sometimes gave thought to the commandment about coveting your neighbor's wife. I tended to conclude that "coveting" meant wanting to possess them, to take them away from their husbands and families, and I didn't want to do any of that. Besides, even if impure thoughts were included, I'd done that long ago, and the commandment didn't say anything about actually fucking them.

But, in all seriousness, I didn't want to hurt anyone.

Amy had had a genuine need before she'd gotten involved with me and we had carefully stuck with the rule about genital contact. I'd sprayed the shower stream on her clit until she came and she'd jerked me off through a towel. On our last adventure, however, she'd held my shaft while Denise blew me.

Denise was a just happy (and mostly faithful), freaky slut who, when the opportunity arose, had jumped into the situation with both tits. I came in her mouth, and on those big tits, and she'd deliberately left it there before having sex with her husband.

I really liked Amy as a person and I felt as though I was helping her explore her newly expanded sexuality at a time when her out of work husband's libido had declined.

I had always liked Denise too but I was now going along with her freakiness without any good reason or excuse. I'd also have to be careful that no issues arose between the two girls and I resolved to continue to enjoy Amy but to only play with Denise when Amy was involved.

But the best intentions of a horny guy rarely stand the test of an available pussy.

On the Saturday two weeks after the party my doorbell rang (a rare occurrence). I'd slept late and spent some time checking on work and doing laundry so I was still wearing a robe and slippers and nothing else.

I looked through the window that overlooked the doorstep and saw Denise. I guessed the freaky slut wouldn't care about my robe but I vainly kicked off my boring slippers, answered the door, and she stepped inside.

As soon as the door closed she gathered me in a tight hug against her big tits and kissed me on the lips.

"Hello Thomas, were you expecting me?" she joked, indicating the robe.

"Umm, Hi Denise, I was uhh..."

"Were you jerking off, Thomas?"

"No! Umm. I'm not long up, I was working and -"

"Would you like me to jerk you off, Tommie?"

Nobody except my late father or my disrespectful cock ever called me Tommie. He was wide awake now and trying to look out through the front of the robe: "Yes please!" he cried but, of course, only I can hear when he talks.

I'm not always a blithering idiot around horny women but lately my neighbors had been achieving this quite well. I couldn't think of anything to say to her so she continued:

"Oh, maybe you need cute little Amy around whenever you're fucking your neighbors?"

That pushed my buttons, raised my concerns, and I felt the need to come to Amy's defence. Besides, I wasn't actually fucking my neighbors:

"Listen, Denise, Amy and me -"

"I'm just kidding Thomas! Look at you, all defensive!" she laughed, "I just came here to ask you a favor but, if you say 'yes', I'll let you fuck my titties and cum in my mouth."

I laughed too and relaxed a little: "You'd probably let me do that even if I say 'no', Denise." I said and led her into the living room.

We sat and talked for ten or twenty minutes. I made her a coffee. The lewd beginning had actually made the situation easier because there was no pressure to talk about what the three of us had done at the party (I hadn't even spoken to either of them since).

It turned out that the favor was intriguing: another neighbor, Claire, had moved closer to the city the previous year and was pregnant with her first child. Amy and Denise were invited to the baby shower. Since I split my time between my house and a city apartment the girls were wondering if I could put them up for a couple of nights rather than pay the ridiculous rates for a crappy hotel.

According to Denise, Martin, her husband, had actually suggested this when they were discussing the trip. Cheap bastard. "Stupid bastard!" added my cock.

We discussed the dates in question and I happily agreed. They would arrive on Friday evening for the Saturday night party and I might even be able to save them each a train fare by giving them a ride back home on the Sunday night.

We talked some more and threw in plans to go out to some of my favorite haunts on the Friday night, after all, they had most of Saturday to recover from a good binge. I reminded her that my apartment was a small studio with one bed. I told her I had an inflatable mattress but I made no bones that it was usually just for appearances and it would probably be easier for us all to share my big comfortable bed. I was serious about the practicality even though I was secretly preferring this option for commandment-risking reasons. It gave Denise the opening to return to depravity:

"Yeah, fuck the blow up mattress! Or fuck me on the blow up mattress! Oh, maybe I should be on it so you can cuddle up with Amy without breaking any of your rules?"

I rose to her defence again: "I think Amy and me -"

"Jeez, Thomas, you're soooo defensive about little Amy! I don't care what you do or don't do with her, you're both adults. As long as everyone has some fun and nobody gets hurt."

"I know, I know, I'm just a little worried about fucking things up with her or, worse, fucking things up with her and Dave. It was fucked up to start with but I thought it was kinda under control until the party."

"Don't worry Thomas, we know Amy, Ms Perfect Wife, all under control. I know how you took care of her and I love you for that." She paused. "Believe it or not, Amy is as big a freak as me, if not worse, and it's definitely worse because she hides it under her perfect little front."

"She does have a perfect little front!" interjected my cock.

"I've heard all of her fantasies, Thomas, she's a born again freak. The panty trick was her idea, you know. And if holding her panties over your nose while pushing your cock into my mouth is covered by her rules then who am I to make fun of her!"

Denise set down her coffee mug and giggled at her own joke. I was sitting on the sofa, she was opposite me in the chair, and I couldn't help watch her big boobs jiggle under her tight t-shirt as she laughed. Her nipples were big, hard, and clearly visible. My cock began to stir. She knowingly looked at me looking at her and shamelessly brought up her hands up to cup and caress her boobs. She pinched her nipples.

"Like these Tomas?" she stood and crossed the room, "I guess I owe you now."

She sat sideways on the sofa beside me and brushed her big tits against my arm. She placed her arm around my neck, her other hand on the tent in my robe, and pulled me in for a hungry kiss. While we played with each others tongues she slid her hand inside my robe, took my cock and began to stroke me until I had to break off to gasp for air.

Denise released me and slid to the floor. She pushed my legs apart and, kneeling between them, she pulled off her t-shirt. The girls swung free and they were spectacular.

She pushed apart my robe and began to stroke me again. After a moment she leaned in and licked my exposed balls while she jacked me off. I was as hard as steel and producing pre-cum by the bucket load. She alternated between jacking me and rubbing my lube around my cock head, all the while licking and sucking my balls.

She drove me crazy like this for at least five minutes. It seemed like a happy eternity as she seemed to know just when to speed up and when to slow down. Finally when I didn't think I could hold out any longer she sat back on her heels still holding my cock:

"I promised you a tit job, Thomas, but, I want your cum in my cunt, please, please!" The last spoken in a cutesy little-girl voice.

She stood up and stipped her sweat pants, panties, socks and sneakers off in one smooth movement. She stood before me completely naked and let me look at her. She was more neatly trimmed than last time and her pussy glistened. She climbed onto my lap and together we guided my cock between her lips. Smothering my face in her tits she took my full length inside her but, rather than ride me, she moved her body very little and simply used her experienced muscles to do the rest.

"Don't hold out Thomas. Just suck my big tits and shoot your load in me as soon as you like."

And I did.

She held me tightly to her chest for several minutes while I softened inside her. Finally we began to extract ourselves: "I need to piss." she said.

"Me too."

"Come."

She led me by the hand to the small downstairs bathroom. She indicated for me to go first and she pulled my robe from my shoulders as I entered.

"Sit." she said. "I'm a freak!"

I sat on the bowl. I really needed to go and my stream started immediately. Denise stepped in front of me and bent at the waist. She gripped her buttocks and spread her ass cheeks right in front of my face. Then she lowered herself onto my lap and began to piss right between my legs and onto my shrunken cock. As my own pee finished the heat of hers splashing on me began to make him react. Her stream slowed but he grew until he touched the cold bow (which always freaks me out - yuck) and I shifted back to let him rest on the seat. "She is such a freak", I thought.

I raised her by the waist and aimed my almost-hard cock at her pissy pussy. I guided her onto him but the penetration was minimal. With one hand I fondled and kneaded her tits. With the other I reached around and rubbed her clit. I flicked and squeezed her nipples and I frigged her pussy as fast as I could move my hand.

When she braced against the wall I gave her nipple one last hard pinch and brought my hand to my mouth. Never lessening the assault in her clit, I sucked my finger wet and brought it to her asshole. In her position and with my saliva, my fingertip slipped inside her tight asshole. Before I could go any further she yelled out:

"Aw fuck! Aw fuck! Agggggh fuck!"

And with that she gushed her cum all over my hand, cock, and down my legs to the floor. Our Denise was a squirter! I slowed my fingering while she came down from the intense orgasm: I could literally feel her knees shake. I eased my finger from her asshole but by now I was fully hard between her lips. When her finally knees gave out she fell down onto me, filling her sticky cunt with my cock. She grunted loudly and proceeded to have a whole series of little, lesser orgasms. Faster than I'd done in years, I felt my balls tighten and I unloaded strongly once again inside her.

When she finally stood up we were a mess: I had pee, girl cum, and semen all over my lap, she had a dripping wet pussy and some fluid or other running down her leg.

"Fuck me, Thomas, that was awesome!"

"Fuck!" I agreed.

Denise stepped to the sink and wiped some of the wayward fluid from her thighs. She washed her hands and rinsed her mouth with a handful of cold.

"Sorry about the mess," she said looking sheepishly at me and the floor, "but I'm really, really late. If you take care of that I'll take mine to go." She laughed: "You know us freaky neighbors like your souvenirs!"

I cleaned my cock, legs, and hands as best I could and, by the time I was finished, Denise was dressed and back in the bathroom to fix her long dark hair. Satisfied she kissed me on the lips:

"Thanks for agreeing to let us stay with you in the city. We promise you won't be sorry." She gently picked up my exhausted penis with her fingers: "Thank you too, big boy! See you soon!"

"Zee you zoon." he murmured contentedly and fell fast asleep.