 It was a Thursday night. I had just flown in from Boston. I was tired after three separate delays at the airport caused the flight to take three times the normal flight time. I wanted nothing more than a scotch on the rocks and some overdue playtime with Christine, my wife of exactly three years that day. We had celebrated our anniversary before I'd left the week before, but I was more than willing to celebrate again as long as it didn't require getting dressed and going out on the town.

Imagine my surprise when Christine greeted me at the door with the news that her sister had flown in earlier that day, and would be staying with us through the weekend.

"Eve is here?" I said, trying hard for a neutral tone.

"No," my loving spouse said with a bemused expression that had her eyes twinkling mischievously. "It's Amy. You haven't met her. She was in Spain when we got married, remember?"

In fact I didn't recall, but nodded as if I did. 

"Amy, huh? Any other siblings I don't know about?" 

Christine laughed that delightful laugh that always brought me around to whatever she wanted of me at the time. I truly loved her and I'm certain she felt the same about me.

"You'll love her, she's a real character, kooky-like, you'll see," and with that she whirled from me and ran up the stairs, yelling, "He's home! He's home!" Sounding much more like Paul Revere than the woman I'd married three short years ago.

Moments later, Amy appeared at the top of the stairs and stood there as if awaiting my inspection and approval. She was in her mid-twenties, a year older than Christine. She had a pleasant, almost but not quite innocent face, and looked spectacular. Her light brown hair was coiffed and glowed. Her eyes were made up abundantly, as was her mouth. The short skirt hugged her tightly as if painted on her frame. 

Her tits were bigger than Christine's and when she bent forward to shake my hand as I climbed the stairs to greet her; they almost fell out of her blouse. There wasn't much to restrain them. 

"Hello, Lucas," she said in a husky voice. "It's time we met, don't you think?"

"Hello, Amy. Yes, it is." 

"Sorry about the wedding," she said through semi-pouted lips. I knew she didn't mean it.

"That was years ago," I said softly, not wanting to put any inflection or meaning into my words.

"Three years, Lucas."

"So where have you been hiding?"

"I was traveling around the world," she replied as if it was something one did all the time.

We went down the stairs together, my eyes glued to her breasts bouncing liquidly with each step she took. We reached the bottom and I could swear she winked at me. A promise of something lewd in her eyes. 

She laughed as Christine appeared and stood by her side inviting me to compare them together. I took them both in. It was obvious they were sisters. They shared a resemblance in their comparative beauty to Eva Green as she appeared in that classic film The Dreamers. 

Christine was slightly taller, but Amy had fuller breasts. I managed to recall that Christine wore her hair s in a pony-tail most of the time, but this evening it was different, combed straight back above her forehead in sort of a lion's-mane effect. Their similarity continued in that each possessed high, prominent cheekbones that slanted their eyes just the tiniest bit. But they differed in that Christine's mouth loomed out at me and her full, sweet upper lip was so unusually short that it appeared unable to cover a perfect set of prominent upper teeth; whereas Amy's was wider with flashing teeth, and when she laughed several filling were visible at the back of her mouth.

We made our way out onto the veranda where Christine had a pitcher of Margaritas' waiting. I poured us each a drink and we sat there quietly waiting to see who would kick off the conversation. 

I decided it would be me, so I said, "Sisters, eh, and only a year separating the two of you. There must have been some fights back then."

"Oh, no!" Christine exclaimed.

"Oh, yeah, there were some beauts," Amy said, contradicting her sister.

I took a gulp of my Margarita and waited.

Christine sighed and ruefully admitted they had their share of catfights.

"Without sister fights, life was dull," Amy admitted with a small smile. "I liked them because I was bigger and stronger; and I recall getting in a few good bites that left black and blue marks on her arms and legs."

"And that got me sympathy from Mom," Christine said with a big grin.

"And got me a spanking," Amy said with an even bigger grin.

"What about Eve? Where did she fit in?"

"You know, it's funny," Amy said, "I'm four years older than Eve, and Christine is three years older, but we always treated her like the baby."

"She was the baby!" Christine said.

Amy smiled and said, "Yeah, but we never seemed to compete with her."

I kept sneaking looks at Amy while pretending to glance back and forth at each of them. I knew they could tell what I was doing, but I didn't really care. 

Amy wore sandals and her toes had a pale pink nail polish on them. She also wore small silver earrings, in the shape of little rabbits. She smiled easily; and she was a definite flirt, as least as far as I was concerned. Christine knew, but let it go. She also spoke quickly, and used 'Yeah,' instead of 'Yes'

How far would she let her sister go, I wondered. I started to fantasize that after a few more drinks Christine says she's tired and retires after telling me to stay up with her sister.

A hour and a couple of drinks later, we're both kind of high; Amy excuses herself to go potty, and when she returns we decide to call it a night. I get a warm, appreciative kiss, feel those tits pressed against me then she's gone off to bed.

I put the glasses in the sink, and do a little bit of cleanup then head to our bedroom, Christine is snoring lightly. I pass her and enter the master bath wanting to take a quick shower before retiring. 

I'm just walking into the shower when Amy storms in demanding to know what I've done with her personal stuff.

"What personal stuff?"

"My panties!"

"I don't know what you're talking about and lower your voice, Christine's sleeping."

"My panties are missing!"

"You think I've got them? You need to rinse them or something?"

"I can't sleep without this particular pair."

"I don't have them."

"You're a liar!"

Rather than wake Christine, with further arguing Amy left the bedroom only to confront me again when I ventured out into the kitchen after wrapping a towel around my mid-section.

"I know you took them. You want a pair of panties to sniff or whatever you do with them, I'll give you the pair I just took off."

"I don't smell people's underwear!"

"You saying they walked off on their own?"

"I don't know how long were you wearing them?"

"Fuck you!"

"No, fuck you! You're a guest in my house and you're nothing but trouble."

"I wouldn't be trouble if you hadn't stolen my panties!"

Amy whirled away from me and stormed to the bar and poured herself a shot of Tequila and threw it right down. She coughed and dropped the glass, and promptly bent to pick it up. Her breasts almost leaped out of the peasant blouse she was wearing.

"It may be inappropriate for me to say it, but you have lovely tits. Thank you for showing them. If I had your panties I'd gladly give them back for an even better view."

With an alacrity that startled me, Amy pulled the peasant blouse over her head and tossed it on the bar. 

"Have a good long look, than gimme back my panties." Both nipples were fully aroused. They were slightly larger than Christine's; and probably longer, but I wasn't certain. She licked her lips. I knew it wasn't the Tequila she tasted.

"Wait!" I said.

"What? What's wrong?" 

"Nothing's wrong... this just isn't right. 

Christine's sleeping right down the hall."

Amy giggled. "We won't wake her. She can sleep through an explosion." 

"You don't know her," I said.

"She's my sister for Christ's sake. I know I've had several of them in her room. I fucked a guy in her bed, and she didn't even stir."

"She might have pretended to be asleep."

"Of course I do. Sisters know those things."

"You do, huh?" 

"Yeah, I do."

I had had enough of her bullshit and grabbed her by the hand and pulled her toward the doorway.

"Hey, what are you doing?" She protested weakly.

"Testing a theory."

"Huh!" 

"C'mon, we'll see if you can have an explosion without waking her up."

"You're kidding me!"

"No, I want you. I want you very much. It's going to happen, Amy."

"No it isn't."

"I knew it when you let me see those tits."

"Lots of guys have seen 'em, but that's all."

I opened the door to our bedroom. Christine was sprawled across the bed, the sheet wrapped around her.

"Is she hot or what?" I said, more to myself than to Amy. 

But Amy replied as if I'd spoken to her. "Yeah, she could hop out of a sauna and look good enough to eat."

I noticed her hand had a tight grip on my towel while she started at her sister, whose ass was now jutting provocatively in the air although for the moment still covered by the sheet. It was an invitation I recognized. In fact, I had accepted a similar invitation just before leaving on my business trip a week earlier. It had been the wildest and longest ass fucking I'd ever participated in.

Amy nosily drew in a breath, prompting me to tell her to be quiet.

"Yeah, yeah," she said, and followed with, "she won't wake up, I'm telling you."

She moved closer to me and devilishly nipped at my ear lobe.

I began to consider the possibility of doing them at the same time. I could wake Christine up and see if she wanted to have a go at a three-some. But found myself muttering to Amy, "We don't want her waking up."

"Pull the sheet off her," Amy whispered in my ear. I wondered why she was whispering now, after making so much noise earlier. But I didn't answer. I too was caught up in Christine's unsullied beauty as she lay sleeping. Then I remembered why we were in the bedroom. 

"Lose the skirt, or whatever the fuck you call it, Amy."

She shucked the skirt and stood there pantiless. Her pussy was neatly trimmed and she had a star tattooed on the innermost part of her right thigh. Then seemingly needing something to do, she ran her fingers over my chest.

"So what are you going to do if Christine wakes up?"

"Yell rape, I guess. She knows you, and will probably believe me."

Amy laughed lewdly at my remark and pointed a red fingernail at me as if in reproach. 

"I like that; you're a naughty, naughty man. I bet you give great head."

"As a matter of fact...." I said but stopped in mid-sentence for Amy had bent her knees ever so slightly pressed her fingertips into the puffy cheeks of her pussy and pulled them apart. I licked my lips in anticipation.

She smiled lewdly as she slowly pried the inner lips away from each other, and then used her thumb to nudge the hood back leaving her clitoris exposed. After waiting several seconds to ensure I had seen it all, Amy inserted her index finger into the pink wetness then offered it to me. I sampled it and grunted in satisfaction.

While I was sampling her nectar, she ran a hand under the towel I was wearing and said, "Relax." I parted my legs to give her hand the freedom it needed. The towel floated to the floor as her hand began a slow journey up my inner thigh to the point midway between my balls and my asshole.

"Mmmm," she said, and on cue I replied, "Mmmm."

Amy let her fingers glide over and around my balls. The effect on me was apparent. She rested her forehead on my hip. "Mmmm, balls he's got, big balls for sure," she said, and carefully gave them each a squeeze.

I managed to remain steady although I felt anything but as Amy eased her thumb along my inflamed crotch until she came to the start of my ass. After a brief pause she began to press upward, massaging the area in a gentle circle. The effect was invigorating.

"Does Christine do this for you?"

"No comment."

"C'mon, does she?" There was a hint of jealousy in her voice, they were sisters after all and I was familiar with the concept of sibling rivalry.

"Lucas, are we gonna do it?" Amy whispered.

"Yeah, we're gonna do it."

"Where?"

"Right here! Get down on your hands and knees."

"Lucas, she'll hear!"

"What about her sleeping through an explosion?"

"I was kidding!"

"Hands and knees -- now!"

"Lucas, we can't!" But she was already on her knees.

There was one last squawk of protest from her, "Lucas!"

"Shut the fuck up!"

"I can't! I really can't!" Her eyes told me she was torn between hopelessness and hope. A woman's most vulnerable state.

"What the fuck's your problem?"

"I don't... I don't want Christine to know. I want you... I really do. I mean, my fucking nipples ache for it."

When she paused, I prodded her. "What else?"

"There's... this spot between my puss and my asshole...."

"What about it?"

"When it starts to itch I go crazy, and..."

"And what?"

"I get so hot there... I get all buttery there..." she was panting with the exertion it took to get the words out. I had never seen a woman like this before. I could smell the light urine scent of her pussy and the heat of her body through the perfume she wore and realized she had placed the scent between her legs for me. 

"Hands and knees... now!" I growled although I made sure my voice wouldn't carry to where Christine lay quietly.

Amy was on all fours without another word. I studied her bottom for a full minute. Somehow I knew she would permit me this pleasure. Perhaps in her mind it was important that I find her ass to be a magnificent sculpture, worthy of worshipping in the most lascivious ways. Then again, it might have been the fear of detection that kept her quiet.

I contemplated the pale, rounded hillocks of her ass then kissed each cheek in turn. And as she murmured her approval, I quickly spread her apart with my thumbs and sent my tongue into her perfumed star-shaped orifice.

"I knew you would, I just knew you would," she moaned obscenely as I sucked so hard her inner walls surged outward.

Just then, Christine moaned and turned over, exposing her almost nude body as the sheet fell off to one side.

The two of us were hunched over in the doorway to the room. I heard the gasp from Amy before I saw what it was that caused it.

My wife was wearing a pair of lime green panties and nothing else; they were Amy's lime green panties. 

"The fuck?" Amy muttered to herself.

"Told you," I said.

"What?"

"I told you I didn't have them."

"Oh... yeah, you did."

Amy appeared lost in thought while I added a second finger to her asshole. Still nuzzling her rectum, I managed to get a third finger in there and her sounds told me all I needed to know about moving ahead. I used my other hand to palm her pussy and thumbed her clit until she was moaning uncontrollably. It was frightening how similar she was to Christine in that department.

Her first climax arrived while I gnawed happily at her ass and frigged her with three fingers. It was with some reluctance that I left her asshole and went looking for her clit. My face grew soggy with her juices as she spent a second and perhaps third time, while remaining amazingly quiet.

I unleashed my dick, and fed it into her from behind with her watching me.

"Oh, you're bigger..."

"Than what, a breadbox?"

She giggled and humped back at me. "That feels so good!" she whispered over her shoulder. I grunted in reply, and on the following stroke, found myself fully immersed in her sodden cunt. I squeezed the cheeks of her ass and made her groan.

"Fuck me hard!"

"Shut up!"

"Fuck me harder!"

I did, and she demanded more.

Just to spite her I switched to long, deep thrusts that accentuated the length of my dick as it penetrated her. She seemed to like this, because she turned her head to ask, "You fuck Christine this way?"

"I fuck her every which way."

"No wonder she loves you, Lucas."

"And now I'm going to fuck your heinie."

She barked a soft, mischievous laugh. "My fucking heinie?"

"You prefer anus, or rectum, or asshole over heinie?"

"I don't care − it's just − unusual to hear that word used in that context."

"Are you an English teacher?"

"No."

"Then shut the fuck up!"

Angling myself for insertion, I heard her whimper, but I wasn't concerned. I had spent time lubing her anus up and after having had several orgasms, Amy was ready for some backdoor nastiness, she readily accepted my erection and we were off on a meandering ass-fuck. 

"Yes," she groaned, as the tears rolled down her cheeks. 

"Yes," she sighed as her body shuddered and gave way again and again.

The sighs turned to moans and then short barks as Amy was overtaken by cascading spasms. Pushing and then pulling my cock in her ass, I watched her melt while impaled on my thick cock. For pure amusement I reached around her, found a nipple and pinched it hard. 

She screamed.

The house was suddenly eerily quiet. We both knew Christine had to have been awakened by that screech. I looked up and saw Christine with both hands between her legs; her juices gleamed enticingly in the dim lighting.

I abandoned Amy and fell upon Christine; roughly shoving her hands away from her sex and hoovered at her with both mouth and tongue while her hips rose and fell from one precipice to the next.

I felt Amy's fists pounding on my head and back, but paid scant attention to her. Only when she started raking at my spine with those long, red fingernails did I swat at her and sent her flying off the bed onto the hard wooden flooring with a loud thud. 

Fearfully, Christine pushed me away from her and we both went to see after Amy, who lay on the floor, legs akimbo, but apparently unhurt. Her main concern was for her sister, and vice versa.

A minute passed, and then Amy said, "You... you took my panties!"

Christine looked down and sheepishly grinned. "So I did. How about that."

I knew then I wasn't in trouble and that the two of them had probably set something like what had happened up deliberately.

"Let's hear the truth, ladies. The honest truth, with no flourishes or ambiguities."

"Is he a lawyer, Christine?" Amy asked coquettishly.

"No, but he is fairly intelligent."

"I've noticed that," Amy said and gave me a smirk.

"I have a confession," Christine said with a smirk reminiscent of her sister's earlier.

"Go on," I said, sitting back on my haunches.

"I wanted to have a really memorable anniversary. Me and Amy talked on the phone and well... she told me how horny she was... so I got to thinking and the next thing I know we set this little evening up."

"It wasn't exactly like that," Amy said, jumping in. "She told me how hot you were... in great detail and there I was masturbating over the phone."

The image of Amy doing so filled my mind, and then I wondered why they were bothering to tell me all this usually hush-hush stuff.

"So the thing with the panties was part of it?"

"No!" Amy said.

"Yes," Christine said.

"Christine, explain, please."

"Well, honey, I knew about Amy's panty fetish."

"Panty fetish?"

"Yeah... she has to sleep in her favorite panties. They're always green ones. So I took them out of her suitcase and hid them until I went to bed. Then of course, I put them on. Do you like them?"

"I love 'em, but they're not yours."

"Will you buy me some?"

"I'll buy you both a dozen after tonight," I said, brightening both women's faces.

"But first I have to take a quick shower."

"Why?" both of them whined.

"I had my dick up Amy's heinie and need to clean it off before using it again. Sanitary reasons, I know you'll understand."

