 I really, really think I should begin at the beginning. But that doesn't make sense to me unless I make the beginning the present, and look back at what happened back in my college days. So, bear with me, there's sex aplenty and we'll catch up in almost no time at all. 

XOXOXO 

Rach

   Reunion 

From the pitch-black surroundings of the lavish penthouse apartment, I stared through the rain cascading down the glass windows thirty stories above the waves lashing the beach below. 

The view was enthralling. I was looking at the most violent thunderstorm I'd ever seen and marveling at the glory of Mother Nature. The only light came from the intermittent lightning bolts that slashed through the night's darkness only to cauterize their energy by knifing into the white capped ocean far below us. Tearing my eyes away from the outside world, I returned my attentions to the writhing creature beneath me, who I was methodically fucking.

Julie, the light of my life since our freshman year at Columbia, was moaning non-stop on the threshold of another climax; her legs wrapped firmly around my waist while I thrust in and out of her. 

My back is on fire after being raked by her razor-sharp nails; and I know from experience that the pain will linger long after we're finished fucking. But, I am soaring with the knowledge that I've finally wrested control away from her.

Filled with a gloating sensation I've never experienced before, I recall Julie telling me all those years ago: "I only mark the one's that make me cum."

I grimace as her nails renew their attack and the pain reaches a higher threshold. Silently, I accept it as if she were bestowing a badge of honor upon me − she's relinquishing control at long last. 

Shaking my head from side-to-side, I increase the tempo of my thrusts. For a moment, it's so quiet that I imagine I can actually hear pellets of my sweat landing on the sheets with light thuds.

Then a terrifying clap of thunder shakes the building, bringing me back to the moment. I cease thrusting and ease my slippery prick out of her sopping center and roll her over, telling her to get her ass up in the air. 

Julie hesitated and I smacked her ass hard to make my point. This prompted her to comply with alacrity, and she bent forward to a point from which she could clasp the brass bars of the headboard. 

"Ya gonna fuck me up the ass?" she croaks hoarsely. 

To me this represents a new, different side of Julie even though there is no discernable anxiety in her voice. 

"I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want to bitch!" I growl in reply. This is not my usual demeanor and I know I've shocked Julie with this attitude adjustment. Good! That's what I intended to do. 

Julie's buttocks rise even higher in anticipation as I close in on her. Now I'm on my knees, cupping her marvelous tits from behind and mashing them together before releasing them.

Julie sighed contentedly. My fingers grope around to her greasy genitals and gather enough juice to make anal entry relatively easy, for me, not for her. 

A bolt of lightning crackles outside, followed immediately by a loud clap of thunder; Julie shuddered and I wondered if it was fear, excitement or both that caused it. In the heat of the moment I really don't care if I rip her apart right now. (Well, I know I won't. We've done this bit before.) 

I laugh aloud when I discover Julie's fingers already busy anointing her asshole with juices too. Julie's even got a finger inside her ass, preparing the way for me. 

Gripping Julie about the waist, I began to mount her doggy style. She twisted around, looked at me, closed her eyes, and moaned, "Do it! Do it!"

It I do. Spreading her knees apart, I flex my buttocks and slide my hips forward, placing my prick at her puckered entrance and push. The initial resistance gradually yields and the head of my prick eases about two inches into her ass.

This coaxed a groan from her. I jabbed her again; she gasped loudly, and her head snapped back. My prick slipped out and panting with effort, I paused to regain my breath before reinserting it again; this time establishing a solid beachhead.

Ready to attack again, I gripped her lean hips tightly. 

"C'mon," she gasped, "Bring it on!" 

With that, Julie let go of the headboard, hunched over on all fours, and buried her face in a pillow, crying out, "Yes! That's it! Get it in there. Get it all in there," humping her ass back at me to counter each thrust of mine in her eagerness to achieve rear-end rapture. 

Julie groaned again as I my penetration moved deeper within her anal channel. Reaching a hand between her legs, she roughly masturbated her clit until a relief of sorts swept over her. 

It wasn't long before my ivory hard prick vanished into her hole and I felt the bristles of her pubic hair roiling against my lower stomach. 

The huge glass windows, which normally afforded a magnificent view of the ocean, now served as a full-length mirror thanks to the frequent lightning flashes, and I gleefully watched our gyrating reflections every time the lightning crackled. 

Julie raised her head to join me in looking into the reflections. Her face was suffused with lust and she caught me watching her, gasped deliriously and loosened a torrent of foul language at me. 

"Oh, you motherfuckin' cocksucking', no good ass fucking, bastard, bitch, shit eating, son of a bitch. You cunt lapping, shriveled prick. Ohhh yessssss! You cocksucker!" 

She continued to rant, outdoing anything I'd heard her do before. She was getting me terribly excited with her vile, verbal barrage. 

"Oh you bung-hole lickin' whore!" "Oh, yesss! There! Yes right there! Oh fuck my ass! Fuck my pussy! Ahhhh, lick my cunt! Get nasty you bitch! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" she shrieked, obviously reaching a climax. 

She screamed again, this time grabbing my hair and yanking on it. I cried out in pain and retaliated by slapping her ass until she released her grip. 

Suddenly, Julie began to spasm like only she can as a great orgasm overwhelms her. A short sequence of lightning provided me with a close perspective of this undeniably erotic view. Julie's heavy breasts bounced and jiggled. Her head rolled from side to side. 

I thought of her then as a sleek vision of passion. Her hands worked frenetically between her legs. And between our bodies, the long dildo I wore strapped around my waist glistened as it continued to slide in and out of her ass.

A brutal gust of wind forced the French doors to the balcony open, and a deluge of raindrops immediately turned an area of the white carpet gray. 

My attention returned to watching Julie's creamy, sweat-flecked body writhing and jerking back and forth in time to my strokes. I caught a glimpse of Julie chewing her lower lip to ameliorate the tension as another orgasm wafted in on her. I wasn't sure if I caused this one or if she'd brought herself off masturbating. 

I was finished with her for the moment. I reached behind me and unfastened the strap holding the dildo in place. Then I rose, picked a lush pear from the fruit bowl next to the bed, took a bite and left the room. I had to pee. 

Moments later, Julie lit a candle and followed and watched me as I squatted on the toilet. She knelt at my feet as I finished. Hastily she clutched a bunch of toilet tissue and dabbed my pussy dry. Then she leaned forward, kissed it and stood up. 

I kissed her mouth in return and our tongues reacquainted themselves. Julie broke away from me and paid homage to my sexual artistry in her typical foul-mouthed fashion, groaning, "Oh, shit, Rach that was sooo good! I never expected you to be that way. Never." 

Squeezing me tighter, she pursed her lips close to my face and whimpered as a young child might. "Tongue. Wet tongue. Give to me. Please, please. Tongue." 

Baby talk? Was she regressing, or merely opening up a new side of her personality to me? No matter, I could reflect on this later. For the moment, I complied with her request. We fused our mouths. This time I ended it and slid down to the carpeted floor, where on my knees, with my hands on Julie's ass, I tugged her pussy closer to my eager mouth and hungry tongue. 

She'd succeeded in turning me on once again, and I was responding to her call. 

"Yes!" she sobbed, "Lick it!" "Ahhhhhh! Deeper! Oh, God yes, more deep!" she croaked as she began to lose control. 

"Deeper, damn you! Ohh, lick it Rach! Lick it!" 

Her pussy had opened like a flower for me, and my tongue darted hither and yon gathering up her nectar. She cupped her breasts and kneaded her hard pebbled nipples. 

"Ummm, please," she whined, "make me cum. I need to cum again." 

My thumb casually circled her clit, flicking it at the end of each circuit. 

"Please lick me, oh please . . ." I heard her cry. Looking up I saw the tears of rapture coursing down her face. 

"Yes! Yes!" she hissed, "Oh lick it! Ohhhh suck it!" Then she was yelling, "Yesssssss! Ohhhh yessssss! I'm there! Oh Christ almighty! I'm cummmming!" 

My pursed lips closed over her swollen clit, and carefully sucked on it. Julie's hips jerked and thrust forward at my face knocking my lips from their purchase around her bud. Startled, I glanced up and watched as her long nails raked the sides of her breasts causing tiny driblets of blood to trickle down her torso. 

"Don't stop. Please Rach, don't stop." 

I continued licking and sucking. 

"Oh God, that's so nice." 

"Please, please. Thank you. Ohhh God, thank you." 

My hand wandered down onto her mound. My finger pressed and pushed between the tender, puffed up flesh and meandered inside up to the last knuckle. 

Julie's legs betrayed her and she sank to the carpeted floor. Carefully turning Julie onto her back, I separated her legs, and with my hands on her upper thighs, pushed them into the air. A momentary view of my finger revealed it to be wet and slick from her copious flow. I tried inserting four fingers this time and was, unsurprisedly successful. I launched a steady rhythm of pushing my fingers in and out, producing a "squish-squish" sound. 

Eventually I thought to search for her G-spot and located it easily enough. Julie groaned, her hips writhing in time with my fingers inward movements. 

"Oh, yes. Fuck my box." 

"Eat me, eat me, ohhh eat me you slutty bitch!" Julie moaned. 

I don't know if it was to satisfy her demand or my own driving hungers for her cunt, but I slammed my face into her cunt and licked and sucked as hard as I could. I felt her orgasm arrive, but kept going long after her final shudder. 

As I withdrew I realized Julie had passed out. The power had been restored during this sexual activity. I kissed Julie's lower lips one last time. When she didn't stir, I left her there lying on the bathroom floor, shut the lights off and made myself a drink. 

I carried the drink across the room and sat down in a chair near the bedroom window and stared into the stormy night as memories of our past flashed across my mind. I don't remember falling asleep. 

Catching Up 

I woke up early the next morning to the smell of freshly brewed coffee. Throwing on a robe, I wandered into the breakfast area and found Julie pouring orange juice and coffee for the two of us. 

"Good morning," she said. "I hope you slept well. I know I did." Julie giggled. She waved her free hand, "I must have slept half the night on the bathroom floor." 

"Oh," I replied. "I'm so sorry. I would have woke you up, but you looked so comfortable there I... I didn't have the heart to wake you." 

"No problem," she smiled, showing off a brilliant set of teeth. "I haven't slept that well in ages. Last night was... wonderful. Can you imagine? We went at it right through the worst storm in 30 years." 

Too amplify her point, she handed me the morning paper, whose headline echoed her statement. I sat down beside Julie and gazed out the window at an ocean the color of lead and a sky the color of smoke. 

Reaching for my cup, I gingerly took a first sip of my coffee. It tasted great. A television announcer wearing a ridiculous plaid jacket blared that another storm might be closing in on us. I tuned him out and turned my attention back to Julie, sighing inwardly as I recalled the pyrotechnic lovemaking of the previous night. 

Julie's robe unfolded as she leaned over to pour herself a second cup of coffee and revealed a half-exposed breast to me. I felt a familiar stirring and realized I yearned to suckle it. It had been a long time since we'd been together. 

Julie seemed to sense my desire and closed the robe, knowing we had other things to catch up on.

I smiled to myself. We were both practical women. Over bacon and eggs, I inquired into how Julie's law career was moving along. 

"Ah, right," she said. "We didn't chat very much last night did we?" 

"Unfortunately no, but, then again, the weather delayed my arrival. Huh, I nearly canceled out. Or to put it in the proper perspective, I almost cancelled out. The rain, or should I say flooding, damn near swept me off the road more than once." 

"Yeah, I thought you were a little more enthusiastic when you arrived than you usually are." 

"Bite me," I said smiling as I reverted to a favorite slang expression of our younger days. 

"Listen Julie, have you got something for this?" and I revealed my back to her. 

"My God, did I scratch you like that?" I nodded. She rose and went to a cabinet in the kitchen; returning she said, "Let's try this ointment, it's pretty good." 

I examined the label and nodded my approval again. Then I relinquished the tube back to her. As Julie applied it to my back I began to inquire about her career. "So tell me Julie," I said for openers, "what kind of cases have you been handling lately?"  

I wanted to get her career out of the way quickly in order to wow her with my recent accomplishment. I loved her dearly, but still, I wanted to blow her away. 

"Yes, well," she frowned and rubbed her hands on a kitchen towel before continuing. "Sidney's been referring certain types of criminal law cases to me that his firm, err...doesn't want to be associated with." 

"How so?" I asked. 

"At the moment I'm defending a man charged with being a repeat sex offender." 

"Ooooh!" I exclaimed. "Now that's fascinating." 

'Ouch!' I thought, 'that's not very diplomatic. Get with it girl,' I chided myself. Quickly moving to correct any mistake in my meaning, I continued, "Sorry, I mean challenging. That's a far better choice of words." 

"Oh I know what you mean alright." Julie said, clearly wrapped up in presenting the facts to me as dramatically as possible. "I wouldn't have taken the case except for the money. The guy's loaded. I received a $200,000 retainer up front." Julie began to drum her fingers nervously on the table. Apparently she was wondering how much I should be told. "He's a fastidious person on the surface, but I get the creeps just being in the same room with him. I mean, this guy's been preying on women for years. He knows he's going away," she caught herself and stopped the drumming. 

I interrupted Julie to say, "How can you be so sure? I mean, didn't Michael Jackson get away with something like that a few years back?" 

"Yes he did, or so it seemed. He bought his way out of trouble. Jackson sequestered himself from the public. Although, and this is a real shame, he's been known to still entertain "guests" on occasion." 

Julie stood up and began pacing about ten feet away from me. She donned her court room demeanor, and continued. "The preponderance of evidence against him is overwhelming. That's a given. It can't be avoided. It can't be diminished in any way. So my real job here is to minimize the length of time he spends in the penitentiary.

Perhaps I can negotiate a kinder, gentler site in which he'll while away his sentence." 

She sighed and smiled, "All in all I should walk away with about $300,000 for two months work." 

"Big bucks," I conceded, "but what about your reputation?" I crossed my legs and added, "And how many cases like this do you handle a year?" 

"If I'm lucky, three. But then, there are others that fit in along the way. You know $5,000 here, $8,000 there. Ahhh, what the hell, last year I grossed $725,000." 

I beamed my best smile at her. "As to my reputation," she said resuming the drumming of her fingers on the table, "well, the public have a history of short memories. Anyway someone's got to provide a defense for these creeps." 

"You're right," I offered. "Not bad for a cute blonde from Madison, New Jersey," I added laughing. 

"While we're at it, what did Sidney pull in?" 

"My, aren't we being nosey today," Julie smiled. "Well since I'm going to turn your brain inside out in a minute, I'll tell you. Sidney grossed $3,200,000 last year. It was a typical year for him." 

"Wow!" I was truly surprised. I knew there was a money-tree growing here, but hadn't thought of it in that size. 

"Julie, I have to hand it to you. You've made the big time." 

"Thank you. I recall how competitive we were back at Columbia. We were both going to be zillionaires, remember?" 

Julie crossed her legs then uncrossed them before rising and going over to the refrigerator. "Want some OJ?" 

"Yes please, that would be nice," and I accepted the half filled glass and sipped from it before I started bringing her up to date on my personal history. 

My moment of moments was at hand. 

"Okay, okay, Rach. Now it's your turn. It's been six years since we've really touched base." 

I smiled broadly and said, "We touched more than a few bases last night my love." 

"Come on, I'm an attorney, I recognize a diversionary tactic when I see one." 

"Okay, but remember you asked for it. This might take a while." 

"Hey, we've got hours. Get it on girl," she said, casually brushing a hand through her blonde locks. 

"Right. So where do I begin? I've been a very busy girl these last few years. Let's see you know I finished my internship after transferring from Columbia to Johns Hopkins in Baltimore." 

"Oh yes," she nodded affirmatively and leaned closer. 

"Well, I put in another year there at the Department of Pharmacology, then I interned in Medicine, at Mt. Zion Hospital and Medical Center in San Francisco, for two years. 

Julie's face reflected puzzlement, so I tried to explain, "Somehow, I don't know why exactly, I decided to switch coasts. Anyway, next I completed my residency at the Department of Neurology, University of California." 

I paused and took a long drink of my juice. 

"That swallowed up another two years." 

Julie was hanging on my every word, I moved in for the kill. "At this point I had quite a few offers, some very interesting offers lay there on the table, but one of them appealed to me far more than the rest." 

Julie was on the edge of her seat by now. Her head bobbed up and down as though asking, "Yes? Yes? Yes?" 

I surged forward. "I accepted the offer from the Mayo Clinic because it would not only permit me to serve under one of the foremost neurosurgeons in the world, but would also permit me to continue my medical education. 

"My primary specialty was to be in movement disorders, but ranked closely behind that were other specialties: Huntington's disease, Parkinson's disease, Tourette's syndrome, tremor, and dystonia." I took a deep breath and continued. "It took an enormous effort, but now I'm also a certified Psychologist." 

Julie's hands were over her eyes, as if to say, "I don't believe this." 

"I've become deeply involved in several areas of research. Specifically, Tourette's Syndrome, Aging, and Alzheimer's Disease." 

"Jesus!" Julie spat out. "You're a veritable tour de force! How in the hell did you manage all that? Each field would appear to be carnivorous, eating up your time." 
