 After years of dating and sleeping with different men, I never thought I'd meet a man that took my breath away. But I did. This man walked into my life from out of no where. He had the sexiest voice I had ever heard. He was charming and good looking. Unfortunately, as quickly as he walked in, he walked out just as quickly. But the time we spent together, I will never forget.

After a long exhausting day at work, as I sat in traffic on the main highway I remembered that I needed to stop at the store for some basic food items. The typical milk and eggs run. Not wanting to sit in traffic any longer I took the next exit and headed down a somewhat unfamiliar back road, thinking it would be faster. This road was not very well lit and soon I heard that thump, thump, thump, the tires make when it's getting flat. It does always seem to happen on the darkest of roads. 

I pulled over into a little dirt path and got out to inspect the tire. Standing in the dark, in my white blouse and short black skirt and heels, I contemplated as to what to do. As I stood there thinking, a car pulled up and stopped behind my van. Nervous yet thankful that someone would stop, I walked towards this Good Samaritan stranger. He got out of his car and began to walk towards me. He was tall and walked with confidence. " Need some help?" he asked. His voice was unbelievably sexy, deep but not throaty. I swallowed hard and tried to look as much like a damsel in distress as I could. As I stood there looking at him I could feel my panties moisten. He stepped closer to me and said, " I can fix this if you'd like."

"That would be great." I replied. We walked to the back of my van and began searching for the car jack. Our hands touched as we felt around in the darkness. I told him that I thought the replacement tire was under the van. I turned and slowly bent down to look underneath, completely aware that he was getting a perfect view of my ass. As I stood there bent over, I felt his hand slid up my thigh and under the lace of my panty. Not wanting him to stop I stayed in that position, letting him know I wanted him there. I spread my legs, just a bit, and his fingers found their way to my pussy lips, which were already slick with my juices. Placing his hand on the small of my back, his finger slid past my lips and circled my clit and then slowly he slipped his finger deep inside me. As he withdrew I stood and turned around as he slipped his pussy soaked finger into my mouth and watched as I licked my juices from his finger. 

His hands traveled down my blouse, feeling my erect nipples through the soft silky material. I slowly unbuttoned my blouse, unhooked my bra and exposed my soft 48DD's to his welcoming tongue. His tongue swirled around one nipple, getting it harder with every stroke as his fingers tweaked and pinched the other nipple. I reached down to unzip his pants, but he stopped me and took me by the hand and led me into the back of my van. The center seat had been removed earlier in the week so that I could help a friend move, so the back of the van was a welcome spot. We climbed inside and he sat down on the bench seat. He motioned for me to sit in front of him on the floor, which I did. He reached forward, under my skirt and slowly removed my panties. Then he leaned for me and grabbed my thighs, pulling up to his face with my ass against his chest, so that I was almost upside down. His hot tongue met my wet pussy and he moaned with me in pure pleasure as he skillful swirled his tongue around my clit. Slowly he sucked and flicked it, making my legs tremble from complete ecstasy. My mind floated as his tongue moved faster and faster. I felt myself on the verge of release. 

My legs began to shake and he held on tighter, he licked from the length of my pussy to my ass and back again. Finally, I couldn't take it any longer and I exploded my sweet juices into his mouth. He sucked and slurped every last drop. Easing me back to the floor on the van, I quickly went to my knees and reached for his pants. I unzipped and pushed his pants and under shorts to his knees. Before me was the most beautifully shaped cock I had ever seen. Long and thick and hard as a rock. I rolled my tongue across my lips and leaned forward and began to lick his balls. They were soft and hot and I sucked gently on them. Slowly I ran my wet tongue up the length of his shaft and down the other side and back again. I parted my lips and took him inside my mouth. 

Once inside, I swirled my tongue around his cock and slipped him in deeper, almost able to include his balls in this action. I listened to him moan as I moved up and down on his throbbing cock. His hands held my head on either side and gently set the pace. His hips began to rock and I could feel him getting harder in my mouth. Knowing he was going to explode I took him in deeper, not wanting to lose any of him. When he exploded in my mouth, he carefully pushed down on my head and up with his hips. I continued to suck him and delighted that he remained stiff. 

He lifted me up by my shoulders and I climbed on top of him. Easing down slowly, his manhood entered my womanhood. Still dripping from his tongue action, he slipped right in. With his hands on my ass, and my nipples in his mouth, we bounced up and down together in perfect rhythm. Not wanting this to end just yet, I climbed off him and turned around. Lifting my skirt and bending over, he half stood and entered me from behind. I could feel his balls slapping against my clit as we slammed into each other. He slipped his finger into my ass as he fucked me from behind. He leaned forward and whisper in my ear, "Ooooh Baby, baby " I came as his cock exploded and we slowly rocked in final unison. 

We stepped out of the van, dressed and without speaking changed my flat tire. When he finished, he kissed me, deep and long. I thanked him for stopping and helping. He asked if I drive this road often and I said that I would now! He smiled and got into his car and drove away. 

I never did see him again, but in my mind, he often visits me in my bedroom at night.