 "It began for her like any other day, she arose from her slumber, showered, and prepared to tackle the day. Today however, was to be different than the others had been in recent past, today she was to begin a new career.

Executive Assistant to the President...an important sounding title, on that she thought fitted her, she smile in amusement. She had graduated recently, and had been looking for work ever since. Finally accepting an offer from a direct sales firm located oddly enough within her own town. This amazed her, as she had intended all along to move to the big city as it were, there to find the excitement that had seemly eluded her lo these many years while she grew up in "white America" suburbia.

This was to be her first day, she was hired by a team of local headhunters, and today was to be the day she would meet the person for the first time that she would be working under. What to wear for such an auspicious occasion. Should she go with proper business attire, or perhaps...something a bit more feminine...at this thought she smiled. 

Her smile she had been told, lit up a room, of course this had been told to her by the local yokels, who had all been trying to get into her pants from the time she was 14 to the present. God she was sick to death of them. She wanted more...needed more...craved more.

She opted for the business attire...want to make a good impression you know, first day of the job, she told herself this while she looked into the mirror. She had blond hair, short now, once long and flowing, she had decided that to be taken seriously by the business world, she had cut it...don't want them to think they are hiring a "dumb blond", she thought to herself. But in her mind, she missed that hair and the way it felt around her face and shoulders.

Her body some would say was voluptuous. Her breasts were large...42D, and proud of them she thought...perky they were too...at this she smiled once again. She had put on a few extra pounds since she was looking for work, having nothing better to do than to sit around after the never ending stream of interviews but watch TV, and say no to the unwanted advances of the locals. She wondered if her business suit would still fit her or not, but she went to the closet to fetch it."

"The business attire fit just like a glove, as she stood in front of her mirror and admired herself she thought should she open perhaps a button or to. Thinking more conservatively, she ultimately opted for the buttons to remain closed. Chaste she thought to herself was the word for the day.

She arrived at the new office at just before 8 am, Monday morning, eager to begin her day and her new way of life. She was escorted to the offices of the President, by the receptionist. The sign on the door read : Sean Bronson--President. The receptionist knock and together they heard---come in. Mr. Bronson's secretary met them as they entered. The receptionist introduced T to the secretary, who then proceeded to lead her into the inner office and to Mr. Bronson.

Upon her entrance to the office, Mr. Bronson rose to meet her. He was at least 6'4" in height, dark thick hair, with blue flashing eyes. Very fit and trim, he took her hand as he was introduced to her, squeezed it politely, and ask that she sit down and make herself comfortable.

She sat in a chair in front of his desk and he began...Very happy to have you working for me T he said. From what I've heard I think we will get along fine. She noticed his gaze taking in all parts of her, starting with her legs and slowly moving up her body to her ample breasts. She felt herself becoming aroused somewhat, this beautiful man sitting in front of her.

He outlined her duties to her, told her there would probably be long hours, little pay, and perhaps some overtime she would experience. He asked if that would be a problem...she responded no. His next question alarmed her somewhat, he asked if she had a boyfriend, she timidly shook her head, no, he added quickly that due to some of the overtime needs of the firm and her position, he had asked only due to not wanting to come between them in any way.

"Come between", gazing at this handsome man, she thought to herself, he could come between my...any time he wanted...she smiled. He asked her if she had any questions, she replied no and he summoned his secretary who promptly show her to her new office.

The office was sparse as offices go, not much really, a chair, desk, credenza, bookcase, and a window to gaze out at...the brick wall of the next building in the row. As she sat down behind the desk laying her purse and briefcase on the desk, she looked at the red brick of the adjoining building and thought to herself...what have I gotten myself into."

"She was startled somewhat when her phone rang, having been lost in thought at the time. She answered, "Good Morning this is...she was cut off by the voice on the other end. Her boss wanted to see her as soon as possible, and she was to bring a notebook with her for taking notes.

Barely situated in her tiny office, she scrambled out of the door, stopped and returned for the notebook. Don't want to make a bad first impression she thought to herself----had she only known at that moment the impression she had already made.

She arrived at his office and was summoned in and was motioned to take a seat on the couch beside his desk. He continued with his phone call as she began to sit down. She noticed that as she sat down the couch was very low to the floor. Due to the shortness of her skirt, she found herself very conscious of trying to sit like a lady...her eyes caught him watching her as she began he slow descent into the couch.

She attempted to keep her legs together as she sat, but she did notice him watching and positioning himself to "obtain a better view", she thought to herself...she found herself leaving her legs slightly open for his eyes to explore.

In her mind she wondered why she had done that, what was it about him that made her want to do that in the first place. Her mind was filled with these thoughts, so it was no surprise that she jumped abit when he suddenly called her name, having completed his phone call without her even noticing.

T, he said, you ok, asking in a caring voice that moved through her. Very fine was her reply, must have been lost in thought she said. That’s ok, he added, well hate to do this to you, but it looks like we will have to pull a long evening on your first day of work...he looked at her deeply..."Would that be a problem" he asked.

She indicated that there was no problem and he gave her her assignment, information she was to research, report to prepare, analysis he wanted completed prior to returning to his office to discuss. She scribbled the requirements down on her notepad and then attempted to rise from the low couch.

Seeing her struggle to some degree, he arose quickly and offered to assist her, their eyes met, and she could see his smile back at her...melting her somewhat. She took his hand and he assisted her by pulling as she pushed with her legs. It was by accident she told herself later that afternoon, shear accident, but as she stood up, the heel of her shoe caught on the hem of her skirt and she suddenly lurched forward being caught by him in his arms.

Feeling very foolish now, he told her there was no problem, however he had felt her, her breasts against his chest, and she his obvious arousal. She wondered what it would be like to..."

"Throughout the rest of the day she was busy collecting the information she had been instructed to obtain, analyzing it, and putting it into report format. As she worked she couldn't help but think of him there behind his desk, powerful, and controlling. Of how he felt to her as she stumbled into his arms. She thought to herself, "how stupid was that move---he must think of me as such a klutz".

As he sat in his office, directing staff to conduct and complete various projects, talking on the phone, making sales, and "stroking" the clientele of the business...his mind was focused on her. of the way she had "just fallen" into his arms...of the way her breasts felt against his chest...of the surprised look in her eyes as he had caught her...of the way as she sat down she had allowed her legs to part slightly...he smiled.

Just before the office closed for the day, he picked up the phone and summoned her to his office. She hurriedly went as directed, reports in hand. Upon entering the office, she noticed that he had ordered in dinner, Chinese (her favorite)and had it lying on the conference table...two place settings.

He could see her amazement in her eyes as she entered the room. Didn't want you to think he started---that I wouldn't feed you if I made you work late...he smiled. She thought to herself, now that could have many meanings...she smiled back.

He got up from his desk, crossed the room, and pulled a chair out for her to sit down at the table. She sat down and he helped to push her chair into the table. As he did, his hands touch briefly her hair, she felt her body tingle somewhat to his touch.

They began to eat, and the talk centered around the work they would need to complete that evening. He asked if she minded them discussing the reports she had prepared while they ate, might save some time he said. She responded no and proceeded to verbally tell him what was in the various reports she had completed.

Upon the conclusion of her verbal briefing, he smiled broadly, and told her how great her reports were...that it was refreshing to have someone of her caliber working for him...it had been a very long time since he had someone like her working with him.

He helped her up from her chair and they crossed the room together to his desk where he had laid out the plans for the acquisition of a new building he wanted to purchase for the business. He asked her to study the plans and give him her opinion of the layout of the building. She bent over the desk to study the plans closely, and he moved in behind her to point out some of the various features of the new building.

As he did, she could feel him against her now, his body warm to the touch, she beginning to feel a yearning. His arm went forward, just under her left arm to point to a particular room of the business building, as it did his hand and forearm touched her breast and she shivered inside. Why was she feeling this, she barley knew this man, but there was something there...".

"She really had no idea of why really, but her body seemed to be betraying her at that moment. She had felt the yearning alright, her thighs a strange weakness, a sort of quivering it seemed, her head, now spinning somewhat...all this from just a slight brush against my breast she thought to herself.

He, as he reached forward was very conscious of what he was doing. He had wanted to touch her again, but he was her employer, can't have a law suit you know-he thought to himself...what would happen if she rebuked his advances.

Soon they were both locked into the task before them, losing themselves into the work. After about 4 hours of intense effort, they found themselves finally finished and sitting together on the couch, papers slued about them on the floor and couch. He reached across her to obtain a spreadsheet that lay on the arm of the couch, and as he did, several on his lap fell to the floor.

The both bent forward to pick them up at the same instant, almost banging their heads together. Suddenly their faces were very close together, they gazed into each others eyes...perhaps searching for something...neither of them quite understanding for what. It was her that made the first move, quickly and without thinking she leaned forward and found his lips, just for a moment, a brief taste, but she somehow knew it was right.

She held her lips against his for just a few moments, but her body shuddered from the touch...she could feel his mouth welcome hers. She thought to herself, now I've done it and quickly sat upright on the couch. He inquired why she had done that, she thought for a moment, then remarked, it just felt like the thing to do...she smiled.

He smiled back at her, leaned forward, putting his arms around her now, and kissed her passionalty, his tongue thrusting into her mouth in search of hers. Her tongue eagerly accepted his inside her mouth and soon their tongues dancing in pleasure with each stroke of the others. His hand soon found her breast...she arched her back, allowing her breast to fill his hand. He squeezed firmly, allowing his hand now to slip down the from of her blouse and his fingers to search through her bra for her ample nipples.

Their mouths parted slightly, only a moment to catch their breaths. Both of them wanted this, needed this, had been craving this since their first meeting. Now it was upon them, washing over them like waves crashing on a beach, his had squeezed again, her legs began to part slightly, her hand now on his inner thigh began to slide upwards, upwards, towards...

"Her hand slid upwards till it met resistance, she grasped his manhood and felt it swelling at her touch. His hand now finding her other breast, their lips still locked together, tongues dancing in each others mouths.

She broke the embrace for a moment, grabbing him by both cheeks with her hands, she stared deeply into his eyes. His eyes said to her he wanted her, hers to him, the same. She sat back so his eyes could take in all of her upper body. She began to unbutton each button one at a time, slowly, carefully. At last the last button was undone, and he leaned forward, cupped her breast and kissed them softly. She felt her bra snap pop open on her back. His hands began to slip her straps from her shoulders. Her breasts now fully exposed, her nipples erecting quickly, her areoles drawing up.

His hands found her breasts once again and her hands held his there, his lips were now on them, her back arched to allow his mouth full access to their bountifulness. she felt his thumbs begin to stroke her nipples, her body shuddered with each stroke, her wetness beginning to flow now, her hand eagerly searching once again for that swollen muscle she had felt before.

Her hand found it and she stroked it through the trouser leg, long, thick, swollen, and throbbing. His tongue now flicking at her nipples, lips closing over each one and sucking each up into his mouth, teeth nibbling, she opened her legs more now.

His other hand now began to slide up her thigh, with each inch of movement, her legs parted more, granting him access to her wetness. His fingers searched for her mound, finding it, he slid her panties aside and suddenly he was sliding into her.

Her lips parted as she felt him enter her, a low primal growl immerged from her throat as she felt him explore her. She began to unzip him now, her hand sliding in, grasping his cock, feeling it stiffen further at her touch...

"Her hand slipped inside the now open zipper finding the throbbing swollen cock awaiting her. She heard him moan softly upon her first touch of his pulsating manhood. Her fingers caressed it, her hand beginning to wrap itself around the enlarged shaft. Softly stroking now...his mouth and tongue busy on her breasts.

he sat upright and she began to undue the belt, unhooking the clasp and freeing his cock from its prison. I t arose stiffen, throbbing, and ready. Her hand began to softly stroke it ...first up...then down. His mouth left her breasts and their eyes met. Hers asking what should she do...his answering her...you know.

She leaned forward, she could see droplets of pre-cum on the head of his swollen cock. Her tongue flicked out and caught the droplets, sucking them up into her waiting mouth. Her tongue now softly stoking his cock, her lips momentarily sucking the head up into her waiting mouth, as her hand grasped his shaft harder now and pulled upwards. His head now back on the couch, his mouth open...gasping for each breath as he felt her working on him.

Stronger strokes now of her hand on his throbbing member, her tongue flicking at the head. She allowed her head to now drop, taking as much of his cock into her mouth as she could swallow, sucking hard on the cock. His head swelling as she did. A moan emanated from deep inside of him. His hand now on the back of her head, he guided her sucking, she still in control, began to lick his shaft, stroking with her hand as her other hand began to fondle his balls. Her head dropping now to suck each one of them deeply into her waiting mouth...stroking that beautiful cock with her hands...that cock that will soon be inside of her.

She stopped and looked into his eyes that were pleading with her to continue. She arose from the couch, and slipped her skirt off revealing here luscious mound to his eyes. She parted her legs as his hand began to explore her, feeling her wetness deeply for the first time, his fingers eagerly seeking her...finding her willing...letting him explore...to know her.

"She allowed her legs to part further still, granting him access to her in a way that she hadn't done with anyone in a very long time. His fingers, eager to accept her offer, began to explore her, first her outer lips...soft, moist...he pushed these aside...finding now her heat...he inserted two of his fingers. Her head went suddenly back, and her hands immediately fell to his, pushing him deeper inside of her.

She opened her mouth as she started to cum, warm waves of juice, spilling over his probing fingers, onto his hand, his wrist...she could feel her entire body begin to shudder...she pulled his hand tighter still within her. He withdrew his fingers, grabbed her and spun her towards the couch. Her pushed her down on the couch, she opened her legs in anticipation...his head dropping to her soft, warm, and very wet pussy.

His tongue danced over her outer lips now, sucking each one individually and together. His tongue began to stroke her inner lips, taking long strokes, from her pussy to her clit and back down again...tasting her. Her hips rose with each stroke of his tongue in answer to his probing. Tongue now solely on her clit, flicking quickly...lips surrounding the swelling button...sucking it deeply into his mouth...teeth nibbling. 

Her hips now rising and falling with each flicker of his tongue, each suck of his mouth, she released once again...flooding his mouth with her juices. He eagerly lapped every drop. His hands now grasped her ass and squeezed, his fingers beginning to explore her ass hole, first one slipped in, then two...he pushed far inside her...she moaned in pure pleasure.

He inserted his fingers at the same time into her pulsating pussy, ramming them deep inside of her----he felt her give way once again...now very wet he knew she was ready and he lifted himself on top of her.

She lifted her legs for him, placing them on his shoulders, she felt the head of his throbbing cock rubbing against her pussy. She reached behind him, grasping his ass and began to pull him into her deep wetness. She could feel his head beginning to slip into her...she pulled harder...he let go...sliding into her deeply with his first stroke. She could feel him touching her cervix so deep was he.

"As he slide into her fully, feeling her wetness and tighten around his cock, he watched as her eyes rolled back into her head, disappearing from his view...her head tilt back...her back arching to allow him even greater depth into her, a soft moan now coming from deep within her.

He too felt the urge, unbelievable ran thru his mind, his pleasure insured...his arousal complete. He withdrew just a bit, and then forcibly rammed home his cock, she moaned louder...he in almost perfect unison did as well at the same instant. His hands now were upon her breasts, pinching each nipple...twisting them...as he plunged deeper and faster into her no gushing pussy.
