 It was quiet, sitting at the bar slowly drinking my beer watching the TV in the corner, when she walks in, her long black hair reflected the lights and had a shine, the same shine in her eyes. She caught me looking, she smiled and sat down at the table near the bar facing towards me. 

I tried to compose myself and stop staring but I couldn't help it her smile captivated me, she had such a glow about her. She always returned eye contact and it was almost as if she was measuring me up. She undid the top button of her blouse and I got a perfect view of her cleavage. Nice tits it thought mm god id love to suck those, hell who am I kidding id love to fuck her. Just then she adjusts her seating on the padded seats and her thighs part slightly I get a glimpse of the bare flesh of her inner thighs. 

I got up and went to the gents I needed to go check myself and make sure I looked presentable in case she was interested in me. About five minutes later I exit the gents on my way back to the bar and she's walking towards me. She smiles at me I go to sidestep and let her pass, however she steps in front of me looks in my eyes and says MMMMMMM Hello Gorgeous. She wraps her arms around my neck pulling me close our lips meet. Her soft moist lips press hard against mine her tongue worming its way into my mouth; I can feel it run along my teeth as her tongue dances a virtual tango with mine. God this woman was Hot. She breaks the kiss, looks at me and smiles, reaching up to her chest she pulls a room key from her cleavage and sticks it in my hand. She leans forward and whispers in my ear. Room 101 in fifteen minutes don't disappoint me gorgeous you've got me all wet.

I walk back to the bar to finish my drink her room key in my hand, I sit staring at it in disbelief. Did that really just happen? Fifteen minutes, god it seemed like an eternity my mind working overtime. By the time I left the bar to head for the room it was plainly obvious if anyone had bothered to look I had a hard on. I get to the room door and push the key in the lock. Opening it slowly I see the foot of the bed the lights are dimmed and there's music playing in the background. Not the usual quiet romantic stuff this was all rock, electric guitar rifts and heavy base. Fucking music... I thought nice! 

I walk into the room and as I near the foot of the bed I see her, no longer obscured by the room's walls. Laying there, her eyes shining full of fire and passion, her lips a dark crimson red from her lipstick, her body encased in a black silk corset, her tits pushed out at the top her nipples peaking over the cups begging for attention. Looking down I notice the suspenders on the corset leading to the lace tops of her black stockings. Then I notice her right hand between her thighs her fingers rubbing against her clit, you could see how wet she was and full of desire. She looked even hotter than she did in the bar. 

I strip my cock hard I walk towards her I lean in and kiss her my fingers running through her hair. She reaches out to me I move closer, her fingers wrap themselves around my hard cock, she begins stroking me pulling me closer with each stroke. She breaks our kiss and I stand there and watch as she moves on the bed and kisses the tip of my cock. Her tongue flicks out licking the pre-cum oozing from the tip. Then she starts licking up and down the length of my cock. Unable to hold back my emotions I let out a deep satisfying moan as she wraps her lips around my cock and takes me into her mouth sucking me hard and fast in long even strokes her hands on my ass her nails digging in my ass urging me to thrust forward fucking her mouth. I cant take it much more the pleasure is intense and I cum in her mouth. She continues to suck on my cock long after shes swallowed the last drop of my cum. 

Realesing me from her mouth I get on the bed and climb between her thighs, I lean into her my cock resting against her pussy as I kiss her. She grinds her hips against me her wet pussy soaking my cock. I take her tit into my mouth gripping the nipple between my lips, I beggin to nibble on it gently grinding it between my teeth as my tongue flicks against the tip. I can hear her breathing getting shallower, more aroused. I run my hands down her body caressing her thighs and running my tongue up her inner thigh from her stocking tops to her crotch. Always finishing just short of her pussy and never touching it. By this time shes humping air as I get close to her pussy her fingers in my hair urging me to continue, I give in an and in one long slow stroke I like her pussy from bottom to top several time before gripping her clit in my teeth and giving it the same tongue licking I gave her nipples. 

My fingers slide into her wet pussy finger fucking her. I curl my fingers inside her pussy stroking her from the inside; it's not long before she is cumming and hard. I get her on to her hands and knees and get behind her. Sliding my hard cock into her wet, warm pussy, I feel it still pulsing from her orgasm as I thrust deep into her. Fucking her slow each thrust long and slow into her and equally as long and slow pulling out almost all the way before driving back into her pussy deep.

One arm around her waist holding her the other reaching around and stroking her clit as I fuck her harder, getting faster and faster until I have to hold her hips in both hands as I drive my cock into her pussy hard and fast. Our bodies soaked in sweat from our passion, I pull my cock from her pussy, it's covered in her juices and I press it against her ass and lean in putting my weight behind it as it pushes past her sphincter and begins to slide into her ass. I hear her let out a little whimper as I take her ass and the wind escaping her lungs. Holding onto her tight I start thrusting in and out of her ass slow letting her get used to my cock. Getting faster and faster, I hear her begin to moan and hear her saying yes baby fuck me harder. Cum for me baby cum in my ass, Fucking her as fast as I can, my balls slapping against her pussy I feel my cock begin to throb that tell tale sign I'm going to cum and soon. Going as fast as I can I let out a satisfying grunt as I drive deep into her ass and cum.

Pulling her close to me, I lean to my side and we fall together on the bed. Spooned together with my cock still firmly in her ass, I hold her close kissing her neck and whisper in her ear, how gorgeous she is and that I don't know her name. She turns her head to look in my eyes, I see a passion in her eyes as she smiles and says fuck me like that again gorgeous and I may just tell you my name.