 Quietly he entered the room, his eyes gazing lustfully at her firm round ass barely concealed beneath the ultra short miniskirt. She had noticed him entering the room but said nothing. It had been one of those days, everywhere she had gone today she had been noticing men. Big men, small men, handsome men and homely men. The itch in her groin just wouldn't let her concentrate on anything today except the aching need between her legs. The sopping wet panties she had discarded so casually as she entered were still on the chair where they had landed and he snatched them up, bringing them to his nose to inhale deeply of her musky fragrance.

Stepping behind her he grasped her firmly, pulling her to him, his right hand quickly finding her hairless pussy while the other pawed her right breast roughly. Lifting the back of her miniskirt he pressed his still concealed erection between her exposed ass cheeks, frottaging deeply into her crevice. Her asshole spasmed involuntarily at the unexpected contact, She could feel his hot breath on the nape of her neck as he began a slow grinding rhythm against her butt. She had never been fucked up the ass before, but she began to understand what some women seem to find so enjoyable about it.

She felt no desire to resist as the strangers hand groped her wet slit, his middle finger slipping into her silky tight hole while his thumb pressed rudely at her clit. Reaching over her shoulder he grabbed the front of her top, pulling it up and off her arms in a quick smooth motion. Her nipples exposed to the cool air conditioned room were already hard as they had been all day.

Walking her to the nearby table he bent her forward at the waist, indicating that she should lean on her elbows to support herself. Taking a step back to admire her willing obedience and her sweet firm ass, he unfastened his belt letting his pants drop to his ankles. He noticed her quiver as his cock bounced into view and saw that she was looking back at him from between her legs. Stepping forward again he pushed the top of his erection up against her warm moist pussy, the head of his hard cock teasing her clit.

Placing one hand at the small of her back he drew her up by one shoulder, entering her dripping wet gap effortlessly. His lips brushed the back of her neck as he began to nip playfully like a cat at her nape. His thrusting phallus was finding that sweet spot on the front wall of her pussy that always gave her the most delicious orgasms. She started to moan softly in response to his ministrations. He seemed to know where she needed to be touched as his thumb brushed softly against her puckered sphincter and began to press gently but insistently at its entrance.

Her moans became louder as the familiar tightening began in her groin and her hips started to grind back onto his cock. The tip of his thumb slipped past her sphincter and she gasped with pleasure as her pussy muscles quivered around his pounding cock. Her orgasm crashed over her trembling body, wracking her entire being with waves of pleasure.

Taking her firmly by the waist and shoulder he drew her down to the floor, laying her on her left side and raising her right leg up in the air. He got on his knees straddling her left leg pulling her raised right leg to him. She reached down, encircling his rigid shaft in her strong fingers, guiding it to her waiting slit. He held her upraised leg tightly to him making escape impossible as if she had wanted to escape. This is what she had been hungering for all day, the sweet release of physical union. His cock pistoled in and out of her hot wet pussy as the tension mounted again, the tightening in her gut. Reaching down he started working her clit with his fingertips as the tempo of his lust quickened. Her loins ached in anticipation of the orgasm that was gathering, rushing toward her. When it broke over her like a wave on the rocks she trembled in sweet delight and moaned softly.

Withdrawing his cock from her hot wet slit he pulled her to her knees and stood before her, his erection bouncing in front of her face, glistening with the fluids of her own lust. Grabbing her roughly by the back of the head he shoved his dick into her mouth and down her throat until his balls were resting on her chin. He drew her head up the length of his cock and thrust it back down her throat, fucking her mouth vigorously as his own orgasm approached. The lewdness of it all thrilled her, being used this way by the stranger to satisfy his primal lusts. She shivered in anticipation and groped her own crotch roughly as he had done before. He continued to fuck her sweet sucking mouth as the first blast of warm sticky cum hit the back of her throat. Gob after gob of cum erupted from his twitching cock planted firmly in her mouth so she had to swallow it all.

When he finally pulled his shrinking dick from her mouth with a soft popping sound she collapsed on the floor in front of him. Pulling up his pants and fastening them around his waist he sneered down at her saying "What's for dinner, slut?" She smiled up at him demurely and replied "I could make something to go with the leftover chicken we've got in the fridge."