 This is a true story. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoy telling it.

The minute I saw him, I knew I had to have him.

He was gorgeous, dripping with sex appeal. Maybe he had a girlfriend, maybe he was gay, maybe he was saving his virginity for marriage, I didn't care. I wanted him, and I was going to have him.

It was the first day of the fall semester of my junior year. I always want to look good for the first day of a new class just incase I see someone I want to make a good impression for, and today was no exception.

I went to the salon yesterday to get my hair cut and colored. Not really cut, but trimmed. When I wear it straight and down, like today, it reaches the middle of my back. My stylist just took half an inch off the ends to keep it healthy. She also cut some long bangs into it. Long enough to cover my eyes if they weren't pushed to the side.

My hair is naturally dark brown, but you'd never know by looking at me. It's always colored or highlighted, or both. This time, she lightened it so it's almost blonde, then put some red highlights in it. It all combined for a very sexy look in my opinion, just what I was going for.

Since it was such a beautiful day, I wore a lightweight, sleeveless, sundress. Nice and short too. It goes about midway down my thighs. I work hard to stay in good shape, so I don't mind showing some of myself off. I carefully shaved my pussy bald except for a narrow 'landing strip', and put on a black silk bra and panties, and I was ready to go.

I didn't regret any of the work when I saw him. He came into class after I sat down, so I wouldn't be able to sit next to him. Instead, I just stared at him for nearly the entire hour, imagining what I'd do to him.

He had blonde hair, short on the sides and longer on top, but gelled to perfection. Spiky and messy looking. Perfect. His eyes were blue and gorgeous. Even better was his body, at least what I could see of it. He was wearing a tight t-shirt that showed off his defined arms and hard chest.

Yum. "I must have him," I thought to myself.

Finally, class ended. No need to beat around the bush. I followed him out the door, and waited a minute till we got out into the open space of campus and no one was within earshot. I walked up next to him.

"You need to fuck me," I said.

He was obviously shocked, not having even noticed me walk up next to him.

The look on his face was priceless. Then he saw me. He looked at my face, paused, and lowered his stare. He looked me up and down, pausing at my breasts, looking at my legs, then back up to my breasts. Then back to my face.

"OK," he said nonchalantly.

"Your place or mine," I asked.

"Mine," he said. "My roommate is going to be out all afternoon."

"Perfect," I grinned. "We're going to need the whole afternoon."

Two minutes later, we were at his door.

He turned the lock, opened the door, and I pushed him in, then closed the door and shoved him against it. I put one hand on his firm chest, and the other behind his head, pulling it to mine. I attacked his mouth with a vengeance.

Our tongues immediately met and intertwined. At the same time, our hands explored each other's bodies with lightning speed. My hand under his shirt feeling his pecs, his hands under my dress, one roughly grabbing my ass, the other deftly unhooking my bra.

We broke out kiss long enough for him to pull my dress over my head and me to just about tear his t-shirt off.

This was going to be no slow love making, it was going to be hard, animalistic fucking and we both knew it.

I undid his belt and dropped his cargo shorts to the floor while he took a handful of my breasts in each hand.

My hand slid inside the band of his boxer shorts and found his raging erection, and it felt damn good. He was bigger than average, probably 7" or so, and nice and thick. He was also smooth and nearly hairless, which I love!

He reached for my panties, but I denied him, dropping to my knees. With one hand on his chest, I pushed him back against the door again. With the other hand, I slipped his boxers over the tent pole and to the floor. He kicked his sandals off and stepped out of the pile of cloths. 

With my hand now under his low hanging ball sack, I dove right in. In one move, I slid his entire 7" in my mouth without flinching, a skill that I've learned through much practice.

He let out a loud moan, followed by some barely understandable mumbling.

"Of fuck," he said. "Jesus Christ that feels good. God damn, you are one fine cock sucker."

My mouth being full of rock hard fuck meat, all I could do was mumble my agreement.

Both of his hands found the sides of my head now. First he ran his fingers through my hair, moving it out of the way so he could watch what I was doing. Then he began to move my head up and down his shaft. Slowly at first, then faster and harder. Soon he was fucking my mouth full speed, all 7" jack hammering in and out with his balls slapping me on the chin. 

I fucking loved every second of it. I couldn't tell him, but from my moans he knew.

After a few minutes of this, I could feel his balls starting to tighten.

"Do you want it in your mouth?" he asked.

"Mmmm hummm," I moaned.

Within seconds he stopped with his pole buried deep in my mouth and I felt hot man juice spraying the back of my throat. It felt like he was never going to stop, and I didn't want him to.

After three or four hard spurts, I slid back so the tip of his cock was just out of my mouth and opened wide so he could see the last few shots hit my tongue. 

When he was done, I milked the last couple of drops and licked him clean.

"Jesus, where'd you learn to do that?" he asked.

"Practice makes perfect," I smiled. "Now it's time to show me what you know."

Before he could say anything, I grabbed his arm, pulled him across the room, and pushed him down on his back on the bed. In his weakened state, he couldn't very well resist, not that he'd want to anyway.

I slid out of my panties and just about jumped on him and straddled his chest. I started crawling my way towards his head.

"Now, I'm going to sit on your face, and you're going to make me scream," I said with a wicked smile.

He didn't even have a chance to answer before I was rubbing my wet pussy into his mouth.

He didn't need any encouragement. His hands were immediately on my hips as he took control of the situation, going right to work licking my lips, slowly separating them with his tongue. 

Within seconds, his tongue was inside me. Damn, I picked a good one today.

"Fuck, if your tongue feels this good, what's that fuck stick of your going to feel like?" I asked.

He probed and prodded and licked, sending shivers up and down my spine. I bucked up and down, nearly suffocating him at times I'm sure.

Then he started to focus on my clit. Licking around it, flicking it with his tongue, nibbling, sucking. My god, it was like heaven.

It didn't take long before I was screaming.

"Of god, fuck, God, don't stop!" I yelled. "I'm almost there. Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

My body convulsed as my first orgasm hit. My soaking wet pussy now quivering and sliding all over his face.

I just sat there for a few seconds before sliding down his chest and collapsing on top of him.

"You're amazing," I said between deep breaths.

"We're not done yet," he laughed.

I slid further down and felt his erection growing underneath me.

"Mmmm... I see that." I said.

I leaned in to kiss him, tasting a combination of my juices and his cum. That taste is an instant turn on for me. 

Without breaking the kiss, I lifted my hips slightly and reached between my legs to find his cock. I gave it a few gentle strokes to make sure he was ready to go, and gently slipped it into my still hot, wet vagina.

I slid down the full length and just sat there for a moment. We both moaned with pleasure.

"The foreplay was great, but this is what I came here for," I said in my sexiest voice.

"You," he answered, "are the amazing one."

With that, he slid his hips back and gave me one long, slow thrust.

"Right, enough talking," I said. "You need to fuck me right now."

He wrapped his arms around me and rolled us both over. With me on my back, he began fucking me like I needed to be fucked. Sliding the full length in and out, slowly at first, but quickly picking up the pace. Within no time, out bodies were slapping together and I was screaming again.

He just kept fucking right through my second orgasm. As I planned, swallowing his first load earlier not only tasted great, but also turned him into a fucking machine.

When my first orgasm died down, he dragged me to the edge of the bed. Now, with my ass on the edge, him standing on the floor, and my legs over his shoulders, he went back to pounding my pussy. Jesus, I was getting a lot more than I had ever hoped!

Soon, I was off the bed and bent over the back of his couch. My feet on the floor, bent 90 degrees at the waste, my ass, some would say my best feature, in the air. He slammed his tool home again, harder and harder then before now. With both hands on my hips, he drove deeper and deeper, harder and harder. Grunting with each thrust now, I could tell he was getting close. So was I, again.

"Oh god, fuck me, make me cum again!" I screamed. "Cum for me as I cum!"

Then I felt him gushing inside me. That triggered my third orgasm, much more intense than the first. 

When he finished unloading, he laid forward on top of me, neither of us moving for several minutes.

Finally, we caught our breath and got up. I got dressed, gave him one last kiss and headed for the door.

"I'll see you in class Wednesday," I said. "Oh, and I'm Lisa."

"Nice to meet you Lisa," he laughed. "I'm Matt."

I headed back to my room for a shower and a nice long, well earned nap.