 He met her by accident it was in a supermarket, she was in the fruit section and as he walked down the aisle toward her, she was bent over picking her choice of fruits, she was wearing cutoffs and they were so short; the cheeks of her ass were very visual and was proof to him that she didn't mind showing off some of her prize possessions. He could tell also that she wasn't wearing a bra as her breast swayed with every movement she made. He decided he would try to make contact. He told her good morning and as she looked up, he saw the most beautiful blue eyes looking back at him. Good morning she replied, "Are you looking to buy some fruit she asked?"

"If you are, the bananas are a good choice" and as she ran her fingers down the length of the banana, replying that they were nice and firm.

He immediately felt a tingling sensation, my GOD he said to himself, was this lady sexy, he figured her to be about 24 or 25 years old. He followed her to the checkout and asked could he help her bring her groceries to her car. She said that was very thoughtful, so he walked with her to her car. The car was a 91 mustang and as she bends over to put the groceries in the trunk, there was that vision of beauty (her cheeks) staring at him again. She asked if he were new in town and he said yes and that he was looking for an apartment to rent. She told him that may be difficult as there weren't many in that area. He asked about a nice place to eat and she told him that since he had been so nice to her, she wanted to know if he would join her for dinner.

He started to refuse, but thought he might hurt her feelings, so he accepted. He followed her to her apartment and again helped her with the groceries and again getting an eyeful of her beautiful backside. Once inside she told him to make himself comfortable while she saved the groceries, once saved, she started dinner. She thought either her dinner was very good or he hadn't eaten in a very long time because once he started, he never looked up. He complimented her on such a fine meal, said he had never met someone so young that could cook so well. He said he wanted to help with the dishes and would not take no for an answer, she started to feel more at ease with him as the night went on. After a few hours of getting to know each other, he stated that he better be going. She asked where did he intend to sleep, he replied, in his car if he couldn't find a place that night. She contemplated in her mind if what she was about to ask him, should she ask him. She told him that he would never find a room at this hour and that he would be welcomed to stay for the night and sleep on the couch. He said if she felt comfortable having a stranger in the house, he would accept, she agreed.

After getting clothes from his car, she asked might he want to shower, he replied, indeed he would. He followed her down the hall to the bath, still eyeing her backside as she walked ahead of him. He thought to himself, how could a beautiful creature such as herself not have a husband or steady boyfriend. She opened the door to the bath and showed him where the towels and linen were. He thanked her and closed the door behind her. She heard the shower start and a flash thought ran through her mind as to what he would look like when he exited the shower with only a towel wrapped around him. He was quite older than she, however he seemed to be in good physical condition. It had been some time now that she had been with a man.

With the shower running; he wouldn't hear her opening the door to get a quick glimpse of him as the shower doors were clear, oh my, she was starting to feel a little sensual. The excitement of seeing him all lathered, among other things made her decision easy, she would go for it. She quietly cracked the door open and from the mirror on the wall, she had a full view of the shower and just as she thought, he had lathered his whole body and was rinsing off, "ummmmm," she glanced a little lower and to her amazement, his equipment was very pleasing, in fact, very outstanding, ohhhhhhhhh, she was getting very aroused by the site of him. She heard the water stop, so she quickly shut the door and went to the front part of the house. As he entered the room where she was, she saw he had only put pants on and had no shirt and She said to herself, " I was right ", he did take care of himself. He walks over toward her and says, your turn. Once again he watches as she walks down the hall to the bath. He tries to picture in his mind what she would look like without any clothes on. A vision of loveliness fills his mind; he wonders to himself if she could become interested in him, after all he was so much older than she. He started to get nervous at the thought of trying to sneak a peek of her while showering, after all she had gone out of her way to be so nice to him, but was she just being nice or was it her way of showing him she would like to know more about him. He decided to chance it, as her beauty had overtaken his will power not to try.

Slowly he pushed open the door hoping the sound of the shower would silence any sound he might make. From the mirror on the wall he could see everything, there she was, a goddess in a waterfall she looked like. He watched as she lathered, rubbing her body all over, he watched as her hands moved gently over her breast, then down between her legs, ohhhhhhhh he was starting to feel an erection coming on, as he watched her rinse, the water droplets glistening on her soft skin. He was mesmerized by her beauty, and didn't hear her turn off the water, as she opened the shower door, she saw him through the mirror.

He knew he was caught, he immediately started to close the door, but she said wait, he turned toward her and she held the towel in front of her, she then asked him if he liked what he saw. He started to apologize for what he had done, when she again asked, "well, did you like what you saw", and at that moment let the towel drop to the floor. There he stood, his mouth wide open, his eyes staring at her nakedness, he stood there speechless and finally muttered "oh yes", she then asked, "do you want what you see?" Again he was dumfounded, her eyes lowered to his crotch and she see could the bulge in his pants getting bigger. He then looked in her eyes and knew she was serious. He stated, "of course I want you". She looked deep into his eyes and said, "Well then get on your knees and prove it."

He drops to his knees, he grabs her buttocks, she grabs his head and they both pull, his mouth is buried into her pussy, she is shaved, and nothing but tender skin does he have to suck on. She pulls his head tighter and pleads and hollers for him to suck her cunt dry, as he plunges his tongue deep into her vagina, she tilts her head back and moans with ecstasy. He grabs her cheeks and spreads them apart, slowly slips a finger into her anus, working it in and out, shoving it in as far as it will go while working it in a circling motion, she is beside herself, she bites down on her lip and pulls his head even tighter and then begins to grind her pussy into his face all the while he fingers her ass and sucks hard on her cunt, his tongue is working magic inside her. 

Her body trembles, she is losing control, she grabs his head, starts pulling his hair, he can hardly breath, she has his face engulfed in her pussy, she screams," eat me baby eat me", her body quivers, and he senses she is almost ready, he immediately grabs her and lifts her off her feet and lays her down on the floor, he grabs her tits and shoves his face deep into her cunt, she says "turn around and put your cock in my mouth and eat my pussy." 

She knows she cannot take all of him but she will pleasure him beyond his belief. She slowly takes his swollen head in her mouth and starts sucking and sliding down his shaft, he is eating her pussy furiously as she grinds it into him, he begins stroking up and down into her mouth as she sucks him gently at first then slides her mouth to the end of his cock, letting her tongue work the inside of his shaft. She feels he cannot hold out much longer and she opens her throat to accept all of his cock and he begins to fuck her mouth, precum flowing now, she savors the salty taste and as she does, he bites into her pussy with such a force and jams her ass with his finger she now feels she is ready to fill his mouth with her cum.

Both are now attacking each other, they know the time is here, his tongue now deep in her cunt, working inside of her, pushing hard as far as he can sliding in and out and side-to-side rubbing her clit, rubbing her inner walls, finger is now fucking her ass, she opens her mouth wide as he slams into her throat, she sucks furiously, he winces and moans, he can't hold it any longer and her orgasm is here as they both explode into each other's mouths, her hot cum sliding down his throat as his tongue reaches for more as he tries to drain her dry and at the same time his hot scalding cum fills her mouth as he keeps pumping into her throat and she has no choice but to swallow all of him and she opens her throat and allows his cock just to remain there spurting his juices into her.

He is still hard as he pulls out of her mouth, removing his mouth from her pussy and finger from her ass he spreads her legs and pushes them back as he positions himself between them and grabs his now cum soaked cock and places it at her cunt opening and with his hand works his cock up and down and side to side and as cum is still flowing from her cunt. He pushes his shaft into her sliding into her as she moans, he bends down and starts to suck her tits as he begins to fuck her with such force she pushes her body upwards to meet his for deeper penetration, passion has now overtaken them, she pulls his head down and starts biting his neck and kissing him all over, his strokes are now faster as he fucks her harder and harder, he starts biting her neck and pulling her hair, she reciprocates by pulling his, kissing him hard, they both let out passionate cries as they are nearing orgasm, he is pumping into her as she grinds upward letting him fill her to maximum penetration.

She can't hold back, she must release and as she does she rakes her fingers down his back and he lets out a howl of pure satisfaction, both of them reach climax at the same time each grabbing hold of each other and he is fucking her hard and fast as she screams that she is cumming and she hollers for him to keeping fucking her, her orgasm won't quit, her fingers dig deep into his back as he explodes into her and lets out a blood curdling scream as cum is now pumping in and out of her with every stroke he makes, she grabs his head and pulls it down to her breast and screams for him to suck her tits, but then with no warning he pulls out of her and flips her over on her stomach and lets his cock slide up and down the cheeks of her ass while cum is spewing between her buttocks and now the opening of her ass is saturated with hot cum and he guides his shaft to her opening and gently pushes her open, his member is so slippery that once the head is in, with a slow and gentle push, he slides all the way into her.

He has mounted her with ease and she receives him with little pain, he grabs her from underneath and pulls her to her knees he then puts himself in a position over her and slowly begins to fuck her ass. He pulls back to the point of exiting her and then lets his cock sliiiiiiide back into her. Once he has a rhythm going, he grabs her shoulders and pulls her to him allowing his cock to penetrate her to the fullest, she lets out a cry of passion and bites her lower lip, closing her eyes as she feels the sensation of his cock pulsating inside of her. Her climax is getting close as his huge cock rams into her ass, opening her wide, she grits her teeth as she tries to hold back, but she can't, she turns her head to the side and tells him " cum with me baby", he says I'm almost there babe as he fucks her ass harder and faster, she screams, fuck me, fuck me, as cum starts to flow from her pussy, now he is driving into her, it hits him, he hollers "oh mother fucker, baby I'm Cumming." he's fucking her ass with piston like strokes now, plowing her ass, cum exploding into her ass, cum dripping from her cunt, he pulls out her ass, flips her over and plunges his face into her pussy, eating her, his tongue pulling out all her juices, biting down on her, she can't stop cumming, she grabs his head, pulls his hair, pulls him into her.

She grinds her pussy into his face, her orgasm won't quit, now he flips her back over on her stomach and presses his face into the crack of her ass, he pushes hard. Spreading her cheeks as his tongue enters her ass, she moans, she buries her face into the towel, she beats her fist against the floor, she tries to muffle her cries of passion. But she cannot, her orgasm is so great she hollers for him " eat my ass you mother fucker eat my ass", he is going to pleasure her beyond her expectations as he shoves his face deeper into her cheeks. Biting the opening of her ass as his tongue swirls around inside, darting in and out, tongue fucking her ass to the max, cum is pouring from her pussy as her orgasm is out of control. She is breathing hard, her hands gripping the towel, he takes his fingers and rakes her back causing large scratches to appear, he tears into her ass like an animal devouring a piece of meat, he knows she is nearing the point of exhaustion and he is ready to shoot his load.

He raises himself and guides his massive cock and thrusts it into her ass once again, and at that moment they both reach climax together and he lets loose with a thunderous load of hot cum into her ass as they both scream as he pumps into her. He then slows to gentle strokes and then he stops letting his cock remain in her while his cum drains into her. He then pulls out of her and lies next to her, both of them completely exhausted as they have given there all to each other. He slips his arms around her and whispers to her that she is not only a magnificent lover, but a special lady as well. 

He then quickly picks her up in his arms and places her in the shower. He turns on the cool water as they are both perspiring profusely, he takes the bath oil and rubs her whole body erasing the scent of their love making, she quivers with sensitivity as he rubs her breast and private areas. She returns the favor by doing the same to him and when she rubs his cock, she feels he is starting to swell again, with her hand on his cock she looks into his eyes and says "you must be kidding," and he ask if she is ready for round 2, her eyes lower to his now fully erect cock and says, "uh-huh".