 I looked up and locked eyes with the man across the bar. He was hot. Late thirties, greying at the temples, and sunken cheeks, which gave his face the illusion of danger. His eyes were bright with drink, and they were interested. I didn't smile, but I didn't look away. We continued to stare, neither one of making a move. We assessed each other, waiting to see who would be the dominant one. I wanted it to be him. I wanted him to know that I needed to have decisions made for me tonight. I lifted my bourbon to my lips, sipped, then licked my lips; an invitation that was accepted. He finished his drink and left his post across from me. I followed him with my eyes, watching him get closer and feeling my heart rate increase with anticipation. His body was lean but sturdy. He wasn't tall, but he carried himself with the confidence of a man who can see over the heads of everyone at a party. 

Finally he was in front of me, and I was able to get a good look at his face. His eyes were brown, deep chocolate that seemed to swallow light instead of reflect it. They were framed by long, feminine eyelashes, giving his otherwise intimidating features a softness that made him approachable. His mouth was full, with a pronounced cupid's bow. His facial features were a curious blend of feminine and masculine. 

We stared at each other for a few seconds, assessing and enjoying. It was nice to be able to study a man's features without feeling ashamed. So often women sneak sly glances at a man, but this visual feast was enjoyed without any embarrassment.

Confidence and adrenaline were pumping through my veins as his eyes roamed over my face, my neck, my chest, and my legs. I wasn't worried. My body wasn't perfect. I don't have the largest breasts or the smallest waist, or perfect, long legs, but he had walked over to me. He liked what he saw, and was using the opportunity to get a closer look. He eyes met mine, and I raised my eyebrows with a silent question. 

Do you like? I asked without words. 

He smiled. It was on. 

"Hi", he grinned. His teeth were perfect. 

I finally gave him a slow, slightly intoxicated smile. "Hi." 

He continued to grin. "I saw you across the bar. I knew you were the person that I needed to come and talk to." 

I picked up my drink and glanced at him over the top of it. "And how did you know that?" I asked. 

He watched as I sipped my drink. I was feeling wild, confident. This was a feeling I'm not entirely used to: I was being seductive. I tried to show in my eyes that I was ready to be had, to get wildly fucked by a stranger tonight. 

He waited until I had put my drink back down on the bar before he answered. "Because you don't look like any of the other girls in here."

My confidence wavered slightly. No, I wasn't 22. No, I didn't have perfect, large breasts spilling out of the top of a skin-tight mini dress covered in sequences. No, I didn't have on false eyelashes, or 5-inch heels, or have the body of someone who runs 15 miles a day. 

I looked down at my drink. "Huh," I responded. I tried the self-deprecating humor that has never led me astray. "Yeah, you're right. It does feel odd being the only person in here not showing my nipples through my dress. Guess that's the kind of lesson you learn when you turn 27: do your best to show less tits to strangers in a club." I froze. Why the FUCK did I tell him I'm 27?

He smiled wider. "Well, that might be the case. Although I'm perfectly happy with what you did decide to show." He let his eyes wander down for a slow caress of my body. His eyes came back up to meet mine. "What I meant was that you're the only one in here who actually looks like a woman." 

I shook my head slightly and gave him an indulging smile. "You know," I said, "you don't have to use those kind of lines on me."

"And why is that?" he asked. 

I locked eyes with him. It took all the confidence I had to say the next line without letting a tremble enter into my voice. "Because I'm ready to go back to your place and let you fuck me." 

His eyes widened. He looked down at my mouth, then let his eyes make one last trip down my body. He grabbed my hand. "Who do you need to tell that you're leaving?" 

My heart rate started galloping. "My friends."

He pulled me off the barstool. "Text them in the cab." 

He continued holding my hand as he led me out of the bar. All I could think about was remaining calm so my hands wouldn't get too sweaty and not tripping on my heels as he pulled me quickly through the throngs of people. The speed in which we were leaving the bar proved he was hot for me. I smiled at the back of his head, feeling more confident than ever. We made it outside where a taxi was waiting. He opened the door for me, waiting for me to slide to the other side of the car, then came in after me. As he grunted his address, I texted Caitlyn. 

JUST LEFT WITH A HOT STRANGER. DON'T WAIT FOR ME. HE LIVES AT 34556 EAST 75TH. IF I DON'T TEXT YOU BY MORNING, SEND THE COPS TO THAT ADDRESS. LOVE YOU. DON'T BE OFFENDED WHEN I DON'T RESPOND. 

I slid the phone back in my clutch and glanced over at my hot stranger. He was looking at me, doing the same appraisal of my body that he was doing in the bar. I waited for him to finish and look back at my face. "I hope you're okay with what you bought," I joked. I hope he took it as such, as my ego couldn't take the blow of a serious answer. 

He stared at me. "Actually, I was thinking about which way I'm going to make you come first."

I swallowed, trying to wet my suddenly dry throat. That was one of the hottest things anyone has said to me. I didn't know how to respond. So I just stared out the window. 

We spent the rest of the car ride in silence. The tension in the car continued to mount. My mind was racing with all the possibilities of spending the night with someone I have never met before. I didn't even know his name. But the thought of having my body used for a stranger's pleasure, as well as using their body for my own made me wet. I kept glancing over at my stranger, drinking in his masculine good looks. Finally, the cab slowed to a halt in front of a brick apartment building. Before I could react, my stranger paid the driver and was hauling me out of the car. We quickly walked up the steps to his building, where he punched in his code. Soon we were walking through his front door. He walked into his kitchen, turned on a light, then turned to face me. 

I placed my purse down on the counter and quickly surveyed my surroundings. It was a very normal, very nice apartment. Modestly decorated and sized. It didn't look like the home of a serial killer, so some of my anxiety about that eased up. I looked at my stranger on the other side of the room. I waited for him to speak. 

"Do you want something to drink?" he offered. 

I shook my head. No more waiting. No more talking. "No," I replied. "I don't need it." 

He quickly nodded, then rounded the island, coming towards me with purpose. Our lips finally met, tinged with impatience. His lips were magnificent, full and defined and soft. He tugged my lips open with his teeth and slid his tongue in my mouth. I moaned. My hands slid up his body, over his chest, and linked behind his neck. His body felt hard and masculine. His tongue continued to slide over mine, aggressive and taking. My mind was blank to everything except the feel of his body and his mouth. My already primed body grew even softer and wetter, preparing itself for the onslaught that was going to come. His hands moved all over me, sliding up and down my thighs, arms, over my breasts. He broke our kiss and moved his mouth to my neck, licking and sucking at the skin just under my ear. 

I couldn't stop panting. I was breathing so hard, a mixture of nerves, excitement, and arousal. Part of me was slightly embarrassed by it, worried that he would think it was too loud. But the other part of me, the larger part, couldn't give a shit. The stranger pulled off from my neck and looked back at my face. He grabbed the top of my dress and roughly yanked it down my arms and chest, exposing my bra. I silently thanked the stars that I decided to wear my hottest bra and panties, a set of black lace that was barely there. 

He locked his lips with mine again and started to back me up. Suddenly my back was against the wall and my stranger's mouth left mine and fastened itself to one of my nipples. I sighed loudly and let my head thump into the wall behind me. His tongue bathed my breast while he used his teeth, giving me bites that shot pleasure through my body like lightning bolts. He drew my nipple into his mouth and let his teeth roughly drag over the tip. I moaned loudly. He left my breast and looked up into my face.  

"You like it a little rough, don't you?" he asked quietly. I nodded quickly. 

"Do you like it when I pull on your tits like this?" He took both nipples into his hands and tweaked them not too gently, pulling them away from my body. I moaned and nodded again. 

"Tell me you like it," he demanded. 

I let my head fall back against the wall again. "God, I love it."

He captured my mouth again in a kiss, continuing to pluck at my nipples. I could feel my wetness pooling in my panties. His hands left my breasts and went back to my clothing, pulling my dress down the rest of the way until it was on the floor. He pulled away from me, looking at my almost naked body while caressing my thighs with the backs of his hands. 

Then, without warning, he kneeled on the floor in front of me. In one swift movement, he yanked my panties down my legs, lifted my right leg over his shoulder and covered my clit with his tongue. 

"Oh my God," I moaned. My hands worked their way into his hair as his flicked his tongue back and forth over my clit. I couldn't keep quiet as worked my clit over. Suddenly, he stopped. 

"Tell me how much you like it," he demanded again. I looked at his face, which was already glistened with my juices. "I love it so fucking much," I told him. His hand started to play with my folds. He gently slid two fingers in. "Tell me what you like," he ordered. "Tell me what you like about what I'm doing to this pretty little pussy." 

Another shot of desire went through me at his demands. I'd never done dirty talk before, but from the way my body was reacting, it was a turn on for me. 

I swallowed and shut my eyes. "I love your tongue on my clit. I love it when you go fast and then slow."

He moaned, then put his tongue back where I wanted it, sucking at my little nub while his fingers slowly continued to pump inside of me. I continued. "I like having your fingers inside me as you suck on me." I opened my eyes and looked down at his face. "It makes me eager for your cock."

His eyes shot open to look at me. His lifted his head away from my body. "Gotta get this tight pussy primed for me. You aren't quite ready for my cock yet." 

Before I could even squeak out a question, his tongue was back on me. I sagged against the wall, and felt comforted by his shoulders and arms supporting my body. His mouth licked and sucked at my clit, going fast and slow just like I needed. His fingers picked up their pace, fucking me in time with his tongue fucking my clit. I could feel my body start to climb. 

"Oh my God. Oh my God," I started to chant. 

He could sense I was close and started pounding away at my hole, drawing my whole clit into his mouth and fucking me hard with his fingers. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck. Oh fuck I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum." I felt my whole body get hot and dissolve into shudders. Suddenly, a ball of pressure barreled down my body and into my pussy until I exploded, shouting in my orgasm. He continued to fuck my body with his mouth and hand, drawing my orgasm out, until I felt like I would never stop coming. 

As I was coming down from my peak, I felt my leg come back to the floor and his body come flush with mine. I opened my eyes to see him panting with exertion and desire, his mouth slick with me. He kissed me, letting me taste my tangy juices. Tasting myself flooded my body with a new wave of desire. I licked at his mouth, desperate to get every taste I could, while reaching to yank his shirt over his head. As I licked at him, he unfastened his belt and unbuckled his pants. I heard the rip of the foil and looked down at his cock for the first time. 

It was big. I could see why he wanted my body to be soft and ready for him. I watched as he rolled the condom down over his thick tip, then he grabbed the back of my thighs and hoisted me up, pinning my entire body between the wall and him. I wrapped my legs around his back and locked my ankles together. 

He positioned his dick at my entrance, then looked me in the eye. My breath caught. As he slowly slid himself inside of me, we continued to look at each other. Sex with a stranger shouldn't be this intimate. I closed my eyes, needing to break the contact. 

"Open your fucking eyes," he growled. "I want to watch your eyes as I fuck you." My eyes opened. His mouth was slack and his face intense. His dick slid all the way inside of me, giving me a feeling of being desperately and completely full. I sighed loudly and gulped. He started to move back to start his thrust. 

"Wait," I begged. "Give me a second. You're so fucking big, I need a minute to adjust. He smiled and kissed me. "Fucking perfect thing to say," he chuckled. I laughed weakly and looked down between our bodies. I took a deep breath. 

"You okay?" he asked. He smoothed the hair away from my forehead. I looked back at his face. Yeah, way too intense for sex with a stranger. "Yeah," I nodded, maintaining eye contact. "Now fuck me." 

He repositioned his grip on this back of my legs and started to fuck. His pace started slow, a sensual slide of his dick in and out, until he could sense my body was used to his size. Then he really started to fuck. His pace was brutal, slamming his body against mine. I could feel and hear his hips slapping as it met my skin, a wet sound that was unbelievable erotic. 

"Fuck, you have the wettest pussy I've ever been in."

"You are so tight, fuck, it feels like a fist is gripping my dick."

"Keep those gorgeous eyes on me."

"You hear that baby? You hear how fucking wet you are? You hear how much your pussy loves my cock?"

His commentary heightened the eroticism. I took my hand that was linked behind his head and put two fingers in my mouth. Making sure they were nice and wet, I moved them down our bodies to where we were joined, putting my wet fingers on my clit. I sighed in pleasure as I started rubbing circles around my clit. My stranger moaned in response. 

"That's right baby. Fucking rub that clit. I want you to cum so fucking hard. I'm getting so close. I want you to cum all over my cock." 

I kept my eyes on my stranger as I increased the speed of my fingers. My mouth fell open, and he took that opportunity to latch his mouth on mine. His thrusts came even harder as I could feel him getting desperate. 

"Fuck baby, I need to come. Keep rubbing that little clit," he panted. So soon, too soon, I felt that familiar pressure coming. 

"Ohfuckohfuck" I whined. My eyes widened, mirroring his expression. 

"That's right baby. Fucking cum on me." He removed one of his hands from the back of my thigh and gripped my hair, pulling it. 

I screamed as my orgasm hit, throwing my head back and urging my stranger to keep pulling my hair. I could feel his dick swell inside me. 

"Fuck baby, I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna fucking cum." He gave a shout as his orgasm hit him. I watched his face as he came, his eyes squinted shut, his mouth pulled into a grimace, his forearms tightened and bulging. It was the sexiest orgasm face I had ever seen, and caused my high to continue. 

We panted as we both came down from it. I slowly slid my legs down his back, relying on his body pressing into mine to make sure I didn't fall right over. My legs were like water, and I knew that I couldn't rely on them to stand. I ran my hands up his back, feeling his sweat. Without thinking, I put my fingers in my mouth, tasting his sweat and my juices mingled together. He watched as I licked them clean, then he replaced my fingers with his mouth. Our kiss was slow, languid, and satisfied. We licked at each other like cats, too tired and sated to do much more than lean on each other and kiss. 

After a long moment, he pulled back. Our breathing calmed down, and slowly he peeled his body away from mine. I looked at the clothes strewn around us and smiled. 

My stranger looked at me. "What are you smiling about?" he asked. 

I looked at him. "Nothing. I'm just debating if I should leave my clothes here, or take them into the bedroom. I figure I'll put them on after you fuck me in there."

My stranger grinned. He swiftly gathered me into his arms, causing me to shriek quietly like a little girl. 

"Leave them here," he said. "You won't need them for awhile." 

I looked into my stranger's face. "Hi, I'm April."

My stranger gave me a small kiss. "Hi April. I'm Dan."