 We're lying at each end of the couch, wearing not much of anything and with a porn playing on the TV. As we watch the movie, our breaths get deeper and a little faster. It's been a month since we've seen each other, and we're still as eager for each other as we were the first time. After many late nights on the phone, pleasuring each other with our voices, or chatting online, pleasuring each other with words, we're finally in the same room, and you could cut the sexual tension with a knife. Even though our first encounter was anything but awkward, it's easier this time- we know how good it's going to be, and we want to prolong the pleasure for as long as humanly possible. I'm the worst culprit; my impatience is palpable, while he is perfectly capable of maintaining an almost inhuman self-control. I am not ashamed to admit that I want to break that self-control, and make him want me so bad he loses it. Whether I am capable of such a thing is an unknown, for now.

"I want to see you touch yourself," Jack says. "Slowly, and exactly how you like it. I want to watch."

I wonder if I can make him lose control just by watching me, and I allow a mischievous grin to show on my face. Jack smirks back as if he can read my thoughts, but I catch him surreptitiously touching himself through his boxers. The porn continues in the background, ignored now. 

I run a single finger up my panties, touching myself through the silky cloth. I slide my other hand up my shirt and start rubbing first one breast, then the other. Jack's eyes dilate and he starts rubbing himself softly and slowly. Encouraged, I slip my finger inside the band of my panties, and feel the wetness there. I offer the finger to Jack, and his eyes close as he tastes how much I want him. 

"Take them off," he orders softly. I remove the silky bit of nothing, and lean back, opening my legs slightly to give him a better view. I'm almost totally shaved, leaving nothing to the imagination. I slide my finger from inside my pussy to my clit, and start to rub myself in gentle, slow circles. I take my shirt off, braless from our earlier entertainment, and gently caress my breasts, avoiding my nipples because I know he likes me to tease myself. I continue rubbing my pussy, and slide a finger inside slightly to catch some of the moisture before I continue playing with my clit. It feels so good.

My eyes close.

"No. Open them. I want to watch you watch me," he insists. My breath catches in my throat as he removes his boxers and lies before me naked. Our legs are entangled but we couldn't reach each other without moving. I think this is what he wants, at least for now. I watch him rub himself so slowly, and I have a hard time breathing for a minute and I stop rubbing myself.

"Keep going."

I remember where I am and what I'm doing and start playing with myself again as I watch him. I am beginning to be sure that I'll break first, and start fighting not to lean over and take him inside my mouth. It's a difficult fight, but I'm getting close to orgasm and I lean back on the edge of the couch, rubbing faster and harder, occasionally using a fingernail for just a hint of pain. I'm panting and my eyes are closed.

All of a sudden I feel his mouth on me, licking my pussy and clit in the exact rhythm I've been using. I'm shocked into the most intense orgasm I've ever had, but he keeps going. I can't reach him, so I hold his head with one hand and one breast with another, rubbing, pulling, twisting, until he gives me a second, longer orgasm. I notice he hasn't touched himself since he started touching me.

He leans back, victory in his eyes, and I realize the battle was never to see who could hold out the longest but who could give the other the first orgasm. I lie there panting for a minute, then gather my strength and push him back to his edge of the couch.

"Don't even think about touching me," I warn.

"Oh, I wouldn't dare, doll," he responds.

As I lick him from top to bottom, he takes in a breath and moans. Every movement I make is designed to drive him crazy, not to make him cum. I lick and love his entire cock, kiss and nibble his lower stomach, touch every spot on his body, and just as his breath is getting out of control, I sit back and start touching myself again. His eyes light up, he reaches toward me, but I put a hand up.

"Not yet, sugar," I laugh. "Sit and enjoy."

As I bring myself to orgasm, I can see that he is losing that self-control. So I move forward, straddle his thighs, and slowly....slowly....brought him inside me a half inch at a time, occasionally pulling back out to prolong the feeling of fullness I get when he is inside me that I love so much.

For the next hour, I ride him in ways he perhaps never imagined. I rarely keep the same rhythm to keep him (or I) from cumming, but eventually I just can't stand it. I put my hands on the back of the couch on either side of his head and fuck him with all my might. It only takes seconds for his eyes to roll in the back of his head and to feel him jerking and cumming inside me, at exactly the same time I'm gripping and squeezing him with my own orgasm. I collapse on top of him, both of us covered in sweat, juices, and exhaustion.

"Time for a shower, love," I say gleefully...