 Part One.

Jon twisted the shower control and was rewarded with an ice cold gush of water in his face. 

"Have you got it warm enough yet?" came the whisper from the other side of the curtain.

"No!" he gasped. "Just getting warm now," he added a few seconds later. 

The curtain parted, and Bianca slipped in beside him, and promptly positioned herself under the jet of water. 

Jon, slightly perplexed, stepped back, duly allowing his girl to rinse her wavy golden hair. He liked the way she looked, with the steam swirling in clouds around her, her smooth skin glistening as the water ran off it. He took in her firm medium sized breasts, noticing her nipples were slightly extended, moving down to her toned stomach and to where her lightly trimmed pubic hair lead down between her elegant and shapely legs. 

Bianca squirted some shower gel into her hand, and proceeded to massage it into Jon's chest. She made large circles to start with, then her hands dipped to rub it into his lightly muscled torso too. Jon decided to be proactive, and grabbed the soap, and squirted some on to Bianca's chest. She moaned softly when he started to massage it in. "Oh Jon baby, that feels good..." 

Jon brought one hand up to her face, and gently caressed her cheek. Responding to his touch, Bianca moved forward, meeting him halfway in a gentle kiss. Jon moved his other hand southwards, trailing his fingers across her stomach down through her light bush and nestled in her pink folds to stroke her clit. Bianca broke the kiss, and leaned backwards to support herself in the wall behind her, effectively spreading her legs slightly, giving Jon better access to her damp pussy. 

Jon continued to work his fingers around her clitoris, sometimes switching to dip them in her honey pot, only to resume stroking her clit. Bianca was whimpering quietly, her eyes screwed shut in pleasure, the water directing on to her chest, cascading over her now fully erect nipples. 

Still working his hand, Jon took one of her breasts in his mouth, biting down gently on the nipple, causing her pussy to spasm around his hand, her juices lightly coating his fingers. She had bitten her bottom lip in an attempt to stop crying out. 

When her orgasm had subsided, she made Jon turn round so he had her back to her, positioning him under the stream of water. Taking some more soap, she firmly massaged his back for a few minutes, working out any knots she could find. 

However, she managed to work her way down to his firm buttocks, giving that a quick massage, before slipping her hands around Jon's waist, planting both hands on his manhood, semi-erect after her massage. 

Working her hands up and down the length of his dick, sometimes both together, otherwise alternately, altering her speed continually, she hugged herself into his back, grinding her pubic mound into his ass at the same time. Jon finding it hard to stand up properly, leant forward, supporting himself on the wall in front of him. The water felt good on his back, as did Bianca's nipples as they pressed into him. They continued in this fashion until his balls tightened and his seed splashed on the wall in front of him. After a few spurts, Bianca knelt on the shower floor in front of him and took his rod into her mouth, pumping his shaft, milking any sperm that was left. 

She let his penis go with a loud pop, and gave him a smile, slowly and deliberately licking her lips. 

"What have you got planned for today, Jonny baby?" she asked him as they washed their own bodies quickly. 

"Well, there's still that Criminal exam to revise for I guess, though anything is a welcome distraction at the moment." He switched off the water and reached around the curtain for their towels. 

"Like sex?"

"Especially sex," he said with a grin, while drying himself off.

"With anyone in particular, or just in general?" she asked teasingly.

"Well... I don't really mind who I have sex with..." He trailed off when she crossed her arms and pouted at him sulkily. "But nothing compares to sex with you," he added hastily. Her expression softened and she wrapped her arms around his neck giving him a quick peck. 

"Awww... you really are the cutest guy ever. And to think if I'd never asked you to help me revise, we could have continually ignored each other." 

Jon, wrapping his towel around his waist, looked at her. "Hang on... I was going to ask you about ten minutes later, that's a bit unfair!" 

She was still smiling. "I do love winding you up, you get so serious." 

Jon, looking slightly bemused, stuck his head out of the shower, checking to see if the coast was clear. He listened, and hearing nothing but silence, stepped out, promptly followed by Bianca, also cocooned in her towel. A similar pattern continued at the door. When they were both in the corridor, Jon said his goodbye's, gave his girl a quick peck, and returned to his room. 

***

Part Two.

"Hey buddy," Niall said when Jon entered his neighbour's room, a while later. "Hows things going Bianca-wise?" 

Jon just smiled.

"That good huh, she must be one hell of a lay," his friend commented. 

"Hey, that's harsh. She's got a great personality too, she cares man, so feel free to get off her back. She's not just transport for breasts."

"So there's more to her than just breasts? You'll have to introduce me to her, see if I can work my northern charm on her." 

"She's not easily persuaded mate, you'll have a helluva job on your hands," Jon said defensively.

"Oh believe me mate, I'm only kidding, you two make such a good couple." 

"Thanks man," Jon said, slapping his mate on the back. 

"So what's the plan for the rest of the day dude? Still busy book-worming? Got any more 'group studying' to do?" 

"Oh sure man, I thought I'd like the afternoon to do some proper studying, before resuming my 'studying' with Bianca tonight," Jon replied with a wink.

"Sounds good... Well, I'd better get back on with this project thing mate, so I'll see you at tea time."

"Sure," Jon replied, halfway out the door. 

Unlocking his door, Jon cast his mind back over the last twenty-four hours. This time yesterday he could have only dreamt of what had happened since. She's an amazing woman, he thought. Thanking his lucky stars, he picked up his pen, opened his file, found his pad of paper, and began writing everything he could down about his next Criminal law topic. 

He was awoken from his work by a knock at the door. "Howdy!" he shouted. 

"Hello gorgeous, whatcha doing?" Bianca said opening the door. She was dressed in a white sports top with navy blue sports shorts and holding a tennis racquet in her hand. 

"Well, busy revising right now. Unless you can persuade me otherwise," he added, with an eyebrow raised quizzically. 

She laughed and waved the racquets at him. "Yes you sexy hunk of a man, I want you to do me with this."

Jon's jaw dropped.

"Oh you're so silly, y'know that? As if I'd have one of these thrusting in out of me, when I've got specially designed toys to do that. And I need to start carrying around a camera with me for when I wind you up, just to capture your expression."

Jon was finding the image of Bianca masturbating one rather hard to shake. I wonder if that could be arranged, he thought. 

"Helloooooo, earth calling Sexy Spaceman Jon, come in please," he heard.

"Sorry," he said, snapping back to reality. "What did you say?" 

"I said, did you want to play tennis with me? As in the sporty kind, not the tonsil kind," she said, pointing to her sport-wear. 

Jon looked down at his page of notes, then up at his dream girl in front of him a couple of times, trying to get his brain in gear, and not just his dick. 

"You're not convinced are you." 

Jon shook his head. 

She struck a thoughtful pose. "OK then, so if the idea of us sweating and burning off calories doesn't appeal, then can I tempt you with doubles? I could easily find two of my friends who'd welcome a revision distraction."

Jon tried as hard as possible to keep a neutral face, partly not sure if she was winding him up again, and partly to try to prevent him from losing complete control. Bianca was the kind of girl who just didn't know ugly people. 

She looked at him over her glasses. That did it for him, there was no way he could resist such a sultry look. 

"OK then, you're on. Give me say... fifteen minutes? And I'll be there."

"Fantastic! You're simply awesome. See ya in a bit then, we'll be ready and waiting..."

With that, Bianca left, leaving Jon slightly dazed, still trying to work out whether she was talking about the tennis or something else. Ah well, he thought, I could do with getting out of this room for an hour or so. Can't do any harm.

***

Part Three.

"That was so out! That was like a foot outside the base line, there's no way you're having that!"

Jon was sprawled on the concrete having just failed to return one of Bianca's back hand rockets, while his partner, Holly, was standing at the net remonstrating with Bianca and her partner Frederica, who everyone called Fred or Freddy for short. Pulling himself up, he walked over to Holly, trying to pull her away from the net to get her in position for Bianca's next serve. 

"C'mon luv, there's no need to argue about it. Let them cheat now, and it'll come back and haunt them," he said quietly in her ear.

Holly's shoulders slumped and she stamped her foot in frustration. "It's just not fair Jon, that was never in, never ever ever." 

Jon looked down at the buxom brunette in front of him, who was frowning, wrinkles spread across her forehead. "OK, so life bites you in the ass sometimes. Lets just get on with the game hey? After all it's only a game." 

Holly blinked a couple of times, and eventually nodded. Her baby blue eyes were steely with determination, Jon noticed. Obviously she was smarting from having her friends not treat her fairly. And she wasn't going to let them get away with it. 

Jon, satisfied she was going to let it go, turned away and returned to his position on the base line. Knees bent, spinning his racket in his hands, he awaited Bianca's serve, brows furrowed in concentration. 

Bianca was having a quick conversation with her partner. Freddy had black curly hair down past shoulder length, and she was fiddling with her hair band, which was keeping her fringe out of her eyes. She had blue-green eyes, her eyelids heavily coated in dark eye shadow. She was quite tall, around six feet, and was quite proportionately slim. Turning away from each other, satisfied they had a plan, Bianca bounced the ball a couple of times. She threw it up in the air, and dispatched it over the net. It reached Jon at about waist height, and he swung a back hand back at it, landing it right at Freddy's feet. She stepped back and lobbed it back over the net. It came at a nice height for Holly to smash it with her forehand, neatly splitting the two girls, landing just inside the base line. It crashed into the fence behind them with a loud thud. 

Holly turned on her heel, and resumed her position, awaiting the next delivery, her expression unchanged. Jon, Bianca and Freddy all exchanged glances. 

Well, lets hope that got her stress out, he thought. 

Freddy lobbed a ball to Holly. "Hey, Holz, it's your serve girl." 

They were playing for serve, rather than following the tennis scoring system. Jon had never played like this before, but as they weren't keeping score, it seemed quite a logical way to do it. 

Holly, jaw clenched, sent over her serve. It bounced quite sharply, reaching Freddy at around head height. Closing her eyes, she swung her racket at it, catching it perfectly. She heard what sounded like a choking gasp. Opening her eyes, she saw a stricken Jon, flat on his back just on his side of the net, hands clutching his stomach. 

Dropping her racket, she rushed over with Bianca, and asked him what happened. 

"Didn't m-move... move out the... the way. C-c-caught me... in the stomach..." he replied, wincing in pain and gasping for air. 

"C'mon Jon, lets have a look you big sissy," Bianca said, rolling up his t-shirt. She moved his hands out the way, and revealed a tennis ball sized mark, already turning angry red, on the left hand side of his upper abdomen. 

The three girls tried to stifle their giggles. "Blimey Jon, you've got a pearler of a mark there, that's almost perfect," Freddy said. 

Jon's eyes opened in a flash, and he glanced down at the source of his pain. He groaned.

"Is there any ice close to hand?" Bianca asked, trying to think of something practical to do. 

"Yeah, I've got some in my freezer I think," Holly replied. 

"Fantastic, can you wrap it in a tea towel or something and bring it back?"

"Sure, I'll be right back. You coming Fred?"

Freddy and Holly disappeared off in search of ice. Bianca remained crouched on her knees rubbing Jon's shoulder reassuringly. "It's OK my love, don't worry. Try and breathe normally, the girls will be back in a minute." 

Jon tried to control his breathing, taking big gulps of air. 

"Do they... know... about us?" he asked between gulps.

"Yep, I did mention it to them that we had sex," she replied with no hesitation. "They're cool about it," she added when his eyes widened. "Nothing to be scared of sexy man, don't worry. They're pleased I think, they think you're cute. And being a wounded soldier is a big turn on, makes you seem quite heroic I think." 

Jon closed his eyes again, and nodded slowly. Bianca continued rubbing his shoulder. 

"Here we go Jon," Bianca said when Holly and Freddy returned, placing the cool compress on his stomach. 

Jon sighed when he felt the compress began to take effect. 

"Jon, I'm so sorry," Freddy told him.

"Don't be... It was my fault... for not reacting quick... enough," he replied, still gasping slightly. 

"Well I still feel guilty, I never meant to hurt you."

"It's fine... Honestly..." 

When he felt a bit better, the three girls helped him up on to his feet. Still holding the ice against his stomach, Holly and Freddy picked up the rackets, while Bianca put an arm round Jon's waist, and helped him back inside the hall building. She took him to his room, and unlocked his door with his keys, helping him over to his bed. 

Holly and Freddy followed them in. "Wow Jon, cool room you got here. Liking the posters," Holly commented, looking at his posters of different landscapes, tropical and otherwise. 

"Thanks," he replied, still short of breath, now lying on his bed. Bianca perched on the end of his bed, Freddy took the chair next to his sink, and Holly sat down on his desk chair. With all three girls looking at him, wearing concerned expressions, Jon tried his best to give a reassuring smile. 

"I'm OK, still hurts a bit, but I'll be fine in a bit."

Bianca patted his leg. "OK, but we're all staying til you do."

"I can't complain with that." 

The girls all laughed. 

There was a knock at the door. "Jonny boy, it's Niall, mate," came the call. 

"Come in!" Jon called back, slightly hoarsely. 

"Hey matey... Woah! What's going on in here?" Niall asked when he saw Jon had company. 

"Nothing mate... nothing. Just being looked after. Had a tennis accident."

"OK... What sort of tennis accident? Someone stab you with a racket?"

"Nope. I got a ball in the stomach." 

Niall grinned. "Is that as bad as it sounds?"

Jon lifted his ice pack. Niall peered over. "Blimey mate, that's perfect... Gonna have one helluva bruise there. You've even got a pattern on it..." He looked at the three girls. "So who's guilty?"

Freddy put her hand up. "Me. I caught one of Holz's serves perfectly, and he just didn't react quick enough."

"Ah. Slow reactions eh? Well, I'll leave you in these capable hands my friend. See you at dinner."

"Cheers mate, see you then."

Not used to entertaining more than one person at a time, Jon's mind was in overdrive. I wish they'd all surround me and start stroking my limbs or something, rather than just sit there and look at me, he thought. Or start kissing each other; just something other than sitting there looking all cute and concerned. 

As if they'd read his mind Freddy and Holly stood up. "Hey Bianca, I think we're gonna get showers in. Bit sweaty after all that tennis. Nice to meet you Jon!" Holly said. They both gave coy waves and left. Dammit, Jon thought to himself. 

Jon and Bianca were left looking at each other. "I hope they didn't mean showers together," Jon said. 

"You mean, you hope they're showering together?" Bianca asked innocently.

Jon paused. 

"That pause told me everything I wanted to know," Bianca said with a grin. "I've got you figured out you hunk. You've got a dirty mind underneath all that shyness." 

Jon felt his cheeks begin to burn. "OK, OK, I admit it. I wish they were showering together," he admitted, holding his hands up in defence. 

"Oh really? What exactly do you wish they were doing while they shower together?" 

Evil, pure evil, Jon thought. How the hell am I supposed to tell her what I wish they were doing without sounding like some kind of pervert. Though I am a pervert. Every guy's a pervert to some extent. Dammit...

"Y'know... Washing each other? That kind of stuff? C'mon, y'know, it's obvious isn't it?" Not the most satisfactory answer under pressure, he thought. 

"Well no, I haven't got a clue what you're thinking. I'm just wondering if you're thinking along similar lines to what I'd imagine them doing." 

Jon's eyes widened, and his mouth fell open. "You m-m-mean... You t-t-think ab-bout it t-too?" he said in disbelief, the pitch of his voice raising slightly.

"Oh yes... I could definitely get off on imagining two of my friends having a shower together," she said, tucking her hair behind her ears. 

"R-r-really? Well that's g-great," Jon mumbled. There was an awkward silence.

"So what do you think they're doing right now, sexy man?" she asked him eventually, putting her hand on his cheek, caressing it gently. Jon noticed a lusty edge to her words. She was leaning over him now, her eyes filling with erotic fire. 

"Well... ermmm... I'd imagine that... Freddy would be soaping up... Holly's... breasts," he said finally, the image causing his dick to harden in his shorts. 

She straddled his hips, sitting on his growing erection. "And how would she be doing that?" Bianca asked softly. 

"Crumbs... I dunno... little circles maybe? Softly caressing them?" 

"Show me..." 

Her voice was filled with her arousal now, her eyes flaming with desire. Jon put his hands on her breasts and began massaging them slowly through her top. 

"Oh Jon baby... That feels so good," she purred. "What would they do next?"

"Ermmm... I reckon that... Holly would start soaping Freddy in more... intimate places."

She raised an eyebrow. "And how would that feel?" 

Jon stopped massaging her breasts and trailed his hands down to her crotch, where he began fondling her genitals through her shorts, noticing that a damp patch had formed at the entrance to her pussy. Moving over her shorts lightly, he felt her shiver, as he gently stroked her inner thighs, continually moving in circles. She let out a small moan when he stroked up and down her slit, and began circling her clit through the dampening material. 

"Oh Jonny baby, you make me so horny... Don't stop you tease, don't stop," she whispered hoarsely. 

Jon kept rubbing her slit through her shorts, pressing harder on her sensitive spot, as he made his circuit around her clothed genitals. 

When she could stand it no more, she jumped off the bed, stripped off her top and sports bra, her breasts bouncing loose. "Strip off those shorts you tease, I need some release!" she cried. 

Jon, not wanting to disappoint, slipped his shorts and underwear off, his erection springing free. 
