 Amy and I had been married for just over a year, and a great year it had been. We just seemed like two halves of the same coin. We had similar interests, similar attitudes, it just seemed like we were meant to be together. Early on we had agreed that we would always treat each other the way we would like to be treated in a reverse situation. That made for an incredible degree of respect and understanding. 

Amy and I met our last year of university. She was a gorgeous, willowy, 5'8" blonde with hair down past her waist. She had bright blue eyes and a warm and generous smile. She had the most perfect C-cup breasts I had ever seen with nipples that knurled into knobs at the least provocation. I learned very early on that Amy loved having her nipples sucked and nibbled and was always hungry to oblige. She had an incredible bubble ass that I just loved, especially in tight jeans, or naked. Didn't matter. She kept her pussy shaved as bare as the day she was born. She had what I thought of as a long pussy with her inner lips furling out from between her outer ones and a nice prominent clit that was so sensitive, she began to orgasm as soon as I would begin to suck on it, which I did at every possible opportunity. Tasty pussy would be a gross understatement. 

My name is Jim and I'm 6'2" with brown hair which I keep in a ponytail that hangs down between my shoulder blades. I have hazel eyes and stay in reasonable shape, though without working at it. I'm just an active guy and that seems to be all it takes. I've never considered myself anything of a stud, though I've had more than my share of girlfriends over the years. My 7" cock never occasioned any complaints, so I assume it's adequate. Amy has never shown anything but delight whenever I wanted to stick it into her mouth or pussy, and she seemed to just love a mouthful of cum whenever possible. What could make a guy happier? 

One of the things we agreed upon early in our relationship was that if I wanted to do something sexually to her, I had to be willing to let her do the same to me. So when I wanted to eat her pussy, well, she wanted to suck my cock. If I wanted to fuck her, she wanted to fuck me. Terrible arrangement, right? 

Now, I've had anal sex any number of times with various women and always enjoyed it. Amy's ass drove me crazy, but I had never fucked her in the ass, mostly due to the fact that I wasn't so sure I wanted her paying me in kind. As it was, our sex life was just great, just about anywhere, anytime was our motto. We had had sex in some really crazy places, even publicly. 

But now it had gotten to the point where I just couldn't stop thinking about fucking her in the ass. She had the greatest ass I had ever seen and I was distracted beyond reason thinking about fucking it. I knew she wouldn't object, sex was her main passion, though we had never specifically talked about it. Until now. 

"Really, you want to fuck me in the ass?" she asked, smiling the way she did. "You should have said something. You can put your cock anywhere you like in me, whenever you like. And I love the idea of fucking you in the ass, though I've never done it before." 

"Well, that's the thing," I said. "What did you have in mind in that regard?" 

"Well, I suppose a strap-on would be the way," she said, rather matter of factly. "I've never used one before, but I'm sure it's not that difficult. I'm sure we can find a suitable one at the sex shop in town. Would you like that, me fucking you in the ass with a strap-on dildo?" she asked. 

"Well, I'm not so sure I'd like it, but I'm willing to do it if that's what it takes to be allowed to fuck you in the ass. I'm just dying to know how it feels. You've got the world's most perfect ass," I told her. 

"I just love it when you pay me such sweet compliments," she said, fishing my cock out of my pants. "It always makes me horny and hungry at the same time," she said, going down on me. 

I could only lean back against the wall while she knelt in front of me, sucking my cock like there was no tomorrow. The sight of it disappearing into her mouth and down her throat always drove me nuts, so I'd have to not look if I didn't want to blow my load too soon. But this time, well, I was so worked up that I started pumping cum into her sucking mouth within a few minutes. Typically, she just sucked and gulped, not stopping until every last droplet of cum had been extracted before sitting back and licking her lips. 

"Got, I love it when you cum like that," she said, looking up at me with her cummy smile. "Ready to pay me back now?" she asked, getting to her feet and wrapping her arms around my neck as she kissed me, her mouth and tongue still coated with my cum, something I had gotten used to with her. 

She loved to kiss me right after I'd cum in her mouth, always keeping enough in her mouth so that I'd share the experience with her. The same thing went for me cumming in her pussy; she always insisted that we do a 69 immediately afterwards, her sucking my cummy cock clean while I did the same to her cum-filled, swampy pussy. I'd gotten over it a long time ago. Anything to be able to eat her pussy. I think I enjoyed eating her pussy even more than I did fucking her. 

"So, shall we go shopping?" she asked after I'd enjoyed sucking her juicy pussy to several orgasms, a big smile on her face. 

I was a bit nervous when we walked into the sex shop. There was an entire wall full of various dildos and all sorts of sex toys and clothes on shelves. 

"Hello," said the salesgirl, a cute, redheaded pixie who was only about 5'2" tall. Her green eyes almost glowed, they were so bright. She had small, though pert breasts, and wore the shortest mini-skirt I had ever seen. I was fairly certain that anyone looking at her from her height would probably be able to see if she was wearing panties, but being a foot taller, I had to settle for wondering. "If there's anything I can help you with, please ask, otherwise, enjoy looking around." 

"We're looking for a nice strap-on," Amy said, embarrassing me. I felt my cheeks flushing as the salesgirl beamed at us. 

"Strap-ons are my favorite," she announced. "Our selection is over here," she said, turning and leading the way, her boyish ass swaying back and forth under her mini-skirt. "Is there any particular kind you're interested in?" she asked when we got to an area where there were a dozen or so strap-ons hanging from hooks on the wall. 

"Well, I've never used one before," Amy replied, "so I'm not really sure. I didn't realize that there were different kinds." 

"Oh, yes, most definitely," she replied. "The normal ones are one-way; that means a strap-on harness with the dildo protruding, just like a man. My favorite kind is a double," she explained, pulling one off the wall. "It has a double-headed dildo built into it so that one end sticks out like a man, the other end you get to stick up your own pussy." 

"Oh, I think a double one would be nice," Amy said, eyeing it. "Are they difficult to use?" 

"Not difficult, but there's a knack to it," the girl explained. 

"Are there different sizes?" Amy asked. 

"Yes, all different sizes, from the strap-on itself to the size of the dildo," the girl explained. "Do you have any idea what size dildo you'd like?" 

"Does it really matter?" Amy asked. 

"Well, sometimes," the girl explained. "It depends upon what you're going to use it for and who you're going to use it on. If I'm going to use it to fuck one of my girlfriends, I like a bigger dildo so that both of our pussies get a nice workout. If I'm going to be fucking someone in the ass, then it depends upon how much cock they like up the ass. Most women like the large ones in their pussy, but something a bit smaller in their ass, though there are always exceptions. Do you know how you're going to use it?" 

"Well, I'm going to fuck my dear sweet husband in the ass with it," Amy said, laughing out loud. 

"Mmm, nice," the girl said, smiling as she really looked me over. "Do you have a size preference?" she asked me. "What size cock do you usually like?" 

"Uh, I've never done anything like this before, so I really don't know," I replied, feeling my cheeks flush. 

"Well, my experience is that most guys just love it once they try and it's usually best to find one that's about the same size as your own cock," she said. 

"I like that idea best," Amy said. "I want him to experience what I experience when he fucks me in the ass, so a dildo the same size as his cock would be the best." 

"How big is your cock, if I may be so bold?" the girl asked, a smile on her pixie face. 

"He's got 7 lovely inches," Amy informed her, my cheeks turning another shade of red. 

"Nice!" the girl replied. "Lucky you. And how thick is he?" 

"Well, that I don't know," Amy answered. "We never measured that." 

"Well, these are the 7" models," the girl indicated a few on the wall, "but as you can see, there are several different thicknesses." 

"I think it's probably more like this one, but it might be this one," Amy said, taking each one into her hand and experimenting. 

"Why don't you step into the dressing room and compare," the girl suggested. "That way you can be sure." 

"Oh, is it allowed to try them on?" Amy asked in surprise. 

"Well, normally not with the doubles," the girl informed her, "but it's a slow evening and I won't tell if you won't. Just give me a call if you need any help," she said, leaving us with the two strap-ons.  

"God, this is so wild," Amy laughed as we stood in the so-called dressing room, which was really a 3-sided room with no door and with just enough room for the two of them. "Go on, take out your cock for me," she instructed. 

"Are you nuts?" I asked, truly surprised. "Here?" 

"Of course," she said. "I'll get you nice and hard and we can see which one is closest to your size, then I'll try it on. Go on, let's see that tasty cock of yours." 

"I cannot believe this," I muttered as I unzipped and extracted my cock, which I had to admit was already growing. 

"I think you're enjoying this," Amy said with a laugh as she grasped me in her hand and did her magic massage/milking thing, almost immediately getting me to full size. "I think it's this one," she said after comparing them side by side to my rock-hard cock. 

"How's it going?" the salesgirl suddenly asked, appearing at the entrance to the changing room while Amy held my cock in one hand and the strap-on in the other, comparing. "Oh, nice cock," the girl said. "Lucky you," she said to Amy with a smile. "I think you've got the right one," she agreed. "Why don't you try it on, make sure it fits correctly." 

"Which way does it go?" Amy asked after quickly dropping her skirt to the floor. Typically, she wore no panties. 

"May I?" the girl asked, holding her hand out for the strap-on. 

"Uh, sure," Amy replied, handing it to her. 

"This is the front side," she explained, turning it around. "You see the way this part is curved? That's so that it will fit nicely against your body when you put it on. You step into it like you would panties or shorts," she explained, holding it close to the floor so that Amy could step into it. "Then you pull it up, sliding the other end into yourself." 

I almost fell down when the girl quickly took the head of the dildo into her mouth for a moment, then saw that she was just getting it nice and wet. 

"It helps to get it nice and lubed," she said in explanation. "Then you just gently slide it in," she added, literally rubbing the head between Amy's pussy lips and then pressing it into her until the supporting leather was flush against her belly. "How does that feel?" the girl asked. 

"Nice, though not as nice as the real thing," Amy replied as she stood there with a cock sticking out in front of her, the other end buried deep in her own pussy. 

"When you fuck with it, it will pull in and out a bit, rubbing against your clit, so it'll feel really nice," the girl explained. 

"I look funny with a black cock, don't I?" Amy asked, smiling at me. 

"You look great," the girl replied, not realizing that the question wasn't for her. 

"And then what?" Amy asked. 

"Then you find the right angle and put it where you want and start fucking," the girl explained. 

"That seems easy enough," Amy said. 

"Well, like I said, there's a knack to it, but it's not that hard to pick up," the girl explained. 

"I don't suppose you could show me?" Amy asked wistfully. 

"Oh, not here, no," the girl replied. "But if you like, I could help you after I get off work," she offered. 

"You wouldn't mind?" Amy asked. 

"Gosh, no," the girl said, laughing. "I'm sure I'd love it." 

"What do you think?" Amy asked me. 

"About what?" I asked obtusely. 

"About, about..." she started. 

"Jean," the girl replied. "I'm Jean." 

"About Jean coming over when she gets off of work to help me learn how to use this properly. I'd hate to do it wrong and hurt you with it." 

"I'm sure I'd hate it even more," I replied, my head spinning now that the reality was sticking out at me. 

"Well, then, if you wouldn't mind, Jean, I'd love it if you'd come by after you finish working," Amy said. 

"I'd have to bring my boyfriend with me," Jean said. "He always comes by to collect me when I finish work. It's a rough neighborhood. Would that be okay? He gets off on this sort of thing anyway." 

"Oh, your boyfriend," Amy said, a bit nonplussed. "I don't know. What do you think, Jim?" she asked. 

"I think this is all so surreal that it really doesn't matter," I replied. 

"I'm sure Oji would just love seeing a gorgeous blonde like you fucking me," Jean said with a laugh. "It would probably be a dream come true for him." 

That got my attention. I hadn't considered that. 

"I'm sure it will be okay," I said blandly, my excitement starting to grow. 

"Well, I guess that it's okay then," Amy agreed. 

"I get off at 10:00, so a couple of hours from now," Jean said. "Uh, would you like to wear it or have me wrap it?" she asked. 

"Oh my!" Amy said, laughing. "I think you should probably wrap it up for me." 

"You just unsnap the belt here," Jean explained, releasing it, and then step out of it, like this," she said, slowly and gently pulling the dildo from Amy's pussy. "Nice," she said, holding it up so that we could see that it was glistening. "You'll enjoy this toy," she said, running her tongue around the head of the dildo that had just exited Amy's pussy. "Mmm, very nice," she said, turning and heading to the checkout area. 

"Jeezus!" I exclaimed. "That was fucking hot!" 

"Yes, wasn't it," Amy said softly as she pulled her skirt on. 

"Why don't you write down your address and phone number for me," Jean suggested after they had paid. "That's just a few minutes from here, so we should be there by 10:30," she said after seeing the address. 

"See you then," Amy said. 

"You sure about all of this?" I asked as we were walking in the door after stopping for a beer at the local tavern. 

"Well, if you're going to fuck me in the ass, I get to do the same to you," Amy replied, laughing. "You should be looking forward to having me fuck your ass because of what it will mean. You do want to fuck me in the ass, don't you?" she asked, bending forward and flipping her skirt up so that her ass and pussy were staring at me. 

"You're damned right I do," I growled, reaching for her. 

"Now, now, you have to wait," she laughed as she skipped out of the way. "Besides, they'll be here any minute." 

"This will be interesting," I said. 

"Yes, I think it probably will be," Amy agreed, coming close. "Does it excite you?" she asked, cupping my cock and balls in one hand. "Hmm, I'll bet you're more excited about seeing me fuck little Jean, aren't you? Oh! I can feel the answer to that," she said, laughing. 

"Yes, that I do want to see," I admitted, pulling her close and kissing her. 

"Uh-oh, there's the door," Amy said as we heard the bell chime. 

"Hi, Jean," Amy said when she opened the door. 

"Starting without me?" Jean asked, seeing the strap-on in Amy's hand. 

"Never!" Amy said with a laugh. 

"This is Oji," Jean said, introducing the jet-black man with her. 

"Hi, Oji," Amy said, offering a hand, trying not to stare. 

"Hi, Amy," Oji said, a blinding white smile splitting his ebony face. "So, you are going to be Jean's student tonight?" 

"Yes, I guess that's what I am," Amy laughed. "Please, come in. This is my husband, Jim." 

"Hi, Oji," I said. "Interesting name. Where is it from?" 

"I am from Ghana," Oji replied. "I am doing my university here." 

"And do you enjoy it here?" Amy asked. 

"Oh, yes, here it is very beautiful," Oji replied. "Everything is very organized. Very different from Ghana." 

"And what about the beautiful women here?" Jean asked. 

"Yes, very beautiful, very sexy," Oji agreed with a laugh. "Also very different from Ghana." 

"Anyone care for something to drink?" I asked. 

It was beers all around as we chatted for a bit. 

"So, you want to learn to use your new toy?" Jean asked. 

"Well, yes," Amy replied, suddenly thrust back into the reality of now. 

"I'm looking forward to this," Jean said. "I've never been fucked by a virgin before." 

"And I haven't been a virgin for quite a while now," Amy replied, laughing. 

"You want to do it here?" Jean asked, looking around the living room with its sofa and several comfortable chairs. "This would work. Or we could do it in the bedroom; doesn't really matter. What makes you most comfortable? More light is probably best." 

"Um, here is okay, I guess," Amy replied. "What should I...we..." 

"Well, I think I should sit on the sofa," Jean said. "That way you can kneel down. The chairs would be a bit too high for you." 

"Okay. What should I do?" Amy asked. 

"Well, I think we should start by losing these clothes, don't you?" Jean said, dropping her mini-skirt to the floor and pulling her shirt off over her head. 

"Nice," Oji said, a grin on his face as he looked at her. "So nice. You think so?" he asked me. 

"Yes, very nice," I replied, taking in her perfect B-cup breasts, tipped with rose-colored nipples. Freckles spattered her from head to toe and the bald cleft between her legs showed just the hint of her clit peeking out from between the petals of her pussy lips. 

After hesitating, Amy dropped her skirt to the ground and took off her blouse. 

"Very nice!" Oji said, beaming. "You are a very lucky man, I think." 

"Very lucky," I agreed, admiring the stark contrast between the tall blonde next to the pixie-like redhead. 

"Now let's get you into this thing, or is it this thing into you?" Jean laughed, picking up the strap-on. 

Amy stepped into it and Jean raised it up, stopping at thigh level. 

"This time, let's do it right," she said, grabbing Amy's end of the dildo and sucking on it, going down on it, slobbering on it to make it nice and wet. "Mmm, I can still taste you on it," Jean said when she finished. "I imagine you're nice and wet?" she asked, sticking her hand between Amy's slightly spread legs, her fingers disappearing into Amy's pussy. 

"Oh!" Amy exclaimed when she felt Jean's fingers sliding in and out of her pussy. 

"Nice and wet," Jean pronounced, withdrawing her fingers and replacing them with the dildo, which slid easily into Amy's pussy. 

"Very nice, very sexy," Oji said as Jean snapped the strap-on closed. 

"How does that feel?" Jean asked. 

"It feels great, of course," Amy said. "My pussy is full of cock." 

"Oh, I like that woman," Oji laughed. "Good attitude." 

"But I cannot believe I'm doing this in front of two strangers," Amy said, laughing. "I mean, this is just not me." 

"We won't be strangers for long," Jean said. "I only let my friends fuck me." 
