 Sunday, 9:47 am.

Dean blinked and stretched as he woke up. Light was streaming in through the gap in the curtains. He looked down on the bed and smiled; Scarlet was curled up in her sleep. Dean leaned over a pressed his lips into hers in a kiss. Scarlet moaned and shifted under him. She opened her eyes and smiled. "Morning, honey". Dean kissed her again, deeper this time. Their tongues mingled as Scarlet roped her hands through his hair. Dean moved his hand under the blanket between her legs and pushed two fingers into her pussy. Scarlet's eyes widened and she sighed and returned the favor, grasping his semi-erect cock and stroking it for a minute.

Scarlet broke off the kiss and pushed Dean onto his back. She swung her leg over, knees on either side of his hips. She lined Dean's cock up, pulled his hands up to her hips and sat herself down, inch by inch. When he was fully in her she pressed her hands into his ripped chest and rocked forward. Dean took control then, pushing her hips back and forward. Every minute or so he'd push his own hips up against her, causing her to cry out. Their hands moved over each other's bodies, exploring and memorizing. They were both acutely aware that this was their last day, and there was a slightly desperate quality to the sex.

Suddenly Dean flipped over, without pulling out, and Scarlet was under him. His weight was balanced on his hands on either side of her head. He leaned down and kissed her again, his mouth dominating hers. Scarlet tilted her head back and Dean's mouth moved down her throat, tenderly kissing the hickey he'd left there the day before. Scarlet wrapped her legs around his waist when he began to speed up, pounding harder and faster each time. Scarlet came and a minute later Dean finished in her. Like they had previously, they cuddled for a few minutes in bed before going out to get breakfast.

10:19 am.

Breakfast was a somber affair. A message had been left on the table telling Dean to be ready for 12 o' clock. They had less than two hours. Scarlet cooked them breakfast and she sat in his lap where they took turns feeding each other. When they were done they chatted and made out and Dean fingered her for a while. Before they knew it, it was approaching 11:30. Scarlet went to have a shower.

Dean felt a pang of sadness as he packed his bag. He laughed at the amount of clothes that he'd brought; he hadn't worn any of them. He packed the money and a pair of Scarlet's panties to remind him of her. The broken handcuffs on the ground reminded him of the fun that they'd had the day before. He heard the shower turn on in the bathroom. 'No, I'm not done', he thought. He strutted over to the bathroom and threw the door open. "Dean what are you doing", Scarlet said, surprised. Dean stepped out of his underwear and didn't reply. He opened the shower door and crushed Scarlet into him in a deep, passionate kiss. Scarlet moaned and threw her arms around his neck, pushing her chest up into his. Dean made a sound deep in his throat and slipped a hand in between her legs.

Scarlet pulled off and grabbed a bottle of shower gel. She squirted some into her hands and spread it over Dean's body. Her hands roamed over his wide shoulders, muscular chest and arms and his rippling abs. She reached lower, grabbing his hard manhood and stroking him. Dean groaned and took the bottle off her, squirting some on her chest and into his hands. He fondled her breasts, massaging the gel into them. He took her nipples into his mouth as water streamed over their bodies, nipping and suckling. He moved his hands lower, back to her crotch and he rubbed against her. Scarlet sighed, arms around his shoulders for balance.

Dean pooled more gel into his hands, which reached around and massaged her ass cheeks. He rubbed some gel on her ass hole. Scarlet's eyes went wide when she realized his intentions. Dean kissed her lightly before telling her to turn around. The excess gel went on his cock. Scarlet bent over in front of him and spread her cheeks with her hands, revealing her tight, pink hole. Because of the height difference Dean had to bend his knees a bit to line their hips up.

He grabbed the base of his shaft and lined it up. When he pushed he was met with a little resistance, but the cock head slid into Scarlet's ass. She cried out and wavered a bit. She'd never had a cock as big as Dean's in her ass. Dean grabbed her hips to steady her and pushed the rest of his dick into her until his balls were resting against her pussy.

Scarlet could feel Dean's whole cock in her ass, touching places that had never been reached before. It was painful but at the same time also incredibly pleasurable. Dean pulled most of the way out before slamming all the way back in, making Scarlet cry out. Dean grabbed both of her wrists in one hand and moved his other hand around to her pussy. He slipped two fingers in while his thumb worked over her clit. His cock moved in and out of her ass at an increasing pace now. Dean had a great view of her tight pink ring stretched around his thick cock. 

The bathroom was filled with the sound of flesh against flesh and Scarlet's moans. Dean poured more shower gel on her ass and his cock to keep things going smoothly. His other hand was still working in Scarlet's crotch and he became a bit rougher now. Scarlet's moans were becoming louder now and Dean pounded harder, smacking against her. Scarlet orgasmed into his hand, convulsing. She would have collapsed with the strength of her orgasm had Dean not been supporting her.

Dean paused for a minute to allow Scarlet to recover. He pulled her up by the shoulders and pushed her forward so that her face and breasts were pressed against the glass of the shower door. Dean started moving in and out of her again, still going as hard and fast as he could. As her ass was much tighter than her pussy, Dean wasn't anywhere near his usual speeds, but he was still giving it everything he had. He looked down at her shiny, wet ass and his hard cock penetrating into it and wished that they'd done this earlier.

Dean felt his climax approaching and pressed his body up against Scarlet's back. He pushed his cock as deep as possible into her hole and bit into Scarlet's shoulder. He felt himself go weak at the knees as he unloaded squirt after the squirt into her bare ass. Dean groaned her name and cupped his hands around her tits. It was a whole minute before he finished cumming in her and the water was starting to get cold. Dean pulled out of her with a popping noise. His cum dripped out of her filled ass and ran down her legs. They stepped out of the shower, Scarlet limping slightly, and towelled each other off. They went back to the bedroom and got dressed.

Scarlet watched Dean getting dressed. Those last fifteen minutes had been the best of her life, absolutely incredible. She couldn't believe that she'd never see Dean again, with his amazing body, husky deep voice and a cock to die for. She couldn't believe that she would never feel him touch her again, or kiss him. She finished getting dressed and went out to the kitchen. Dean's bags were on the desk. Scarlet quickly scribbled down her phone number and get address and slipped it into his bag as Dean exited the bedroom. 

Suddenly there was a knock on the main door and the driver who had delivered Dean on Friday opened the door. He couldn't believe that he had only spent a few days with Scarlet; it had felt like weeks. The driver took his bags and walked outside the door, giving them a last minute of privacy. They embraced, neither wanting to let go. Dean kissed her passionately one last time, before turning and walking slowly out the door, shutting it behind him.

THE END

*****

Hey guys, what did you think? Which part of this series was the best? Was this better than my last series? Let me know! 

Also I have a stand-alone coming soon, so keep an eye out for that! (P.S. It will feature some family -action-incest, seen as a lot of you guys seem to be keen on that :) One quick question: do you prefer older brother - younger sister or younger brother - older sister???

Thanks for all your ratings and comments do far. You guys are the best.

TTS xx