 Note: all characters are at least 18 years old.

 Dean stared in disbelief at his computer screen and re-read the email. He had just been watching porn when it popped up. 

 "Dear deanc98, you are the one-millionth visitor to our site this month! You have won a weekend in a hotel room with Scarlet, one of our most gorgeous porn stars! Scarlet will be at your command for the whole weekend and everything will be provided. Please email us your address and we'll send a car in the morning." 

It's probably a scam, Dean thought. Things like this don't happen. But he looked it up on his computer and found information about people who had won in previous months. What perfect timing, he thought. His parents were on holidays for the week and wouldn't know he was gone. That is, if he did go. He took a deep breath and sent the email. He packed a bag and went into the gym room for a quick workout to take his mind off it.

 Dean was 18 years old, 6"2 tall, with dark, curly black hair and dark brown eyes. He weighed 200 pounds of pure muscle from years of working out. After an hour of bench presses and deadlifts he called it a night and went to bed. Before getting into bed he checked his emails. 

 "Thank you deanc98 for confirming. A driver will be at the address at 9 am."

It was going to be a hell of an experience, he thought.

 9 am rolled around and a black sedan pulled up. Dean sat in the back and confirmed his identity to the driver. He learned that he would be going to New York city and staying in a plush five star hotel. When he entered the room with Scarlet the door would be locked until Sunday evening. Everything would be provided and room service would deliver all meals. Four hours later they reached the hotel. It felt surreal to Dean. The driver took his bag and they took the lift to the top floor - the penthouse suite. The driver let Dean in and he heard to door lock behind him. There was no going back now, he thought. 

 The suite was amazing. Floor to ceiling glass windows, a sitting area with a flat screen TV, an expensive looking gym area that he'd so be using later, and a plush bathroom. There was only one room he hadn't been into - the bedroom. He crept over to the door and opened it. A woman lay on the bed. Dean gaped down at Scarlet. She was stunningly beautiful. A curvy figure, long legs, a perfect face and tits like he'd never seen before. She was wearing just a tiny bikini that barely covered anything.

 Scarlet looked up. "Oh thank God. You're gorgeous. I was praying it wouldn't be someone ugly." Dean shuffled, uncomfortable with both her words and her body in front of him. "I'm Scarlet," she grinned. "Ooh you're young too. Just the way I like 'em. You can't be any more than 21," Scarlet winked seductively.

 "18, actually. And I'm Dean", he said, reaching out to shake her hand. Scarlet herself looked about late 20s. She grinned again and shook his hand for a few seconds too long.

 "So were you excited to win this thing?", Scarlet asked.

 "A bit," Dean replied. "I honestly couldn't believe that this was happening to me." His eyes lingered over Scarlet and he found it difficult to keep his eyes above her chest. He felt a blush creeping up his face.

 "You know sex isn't actually part of the deal, right." She laughed when she saw Dean's surprised and disappointed face. "I'm joking", she laughed. "And you are...well, wow, so things might happen", she said seductively.

 They moved into the sitting room and continued chatting on the couch. Scarlet had her legs draped in Dean's lap and his arousal was evident. "You look like you work out a lot", Scarlet said. When he nodded she said, "I bet you have an amazing body", looking at the shirt stretched over his chest and shoulders. "Do you think you could show me?" Dean hesitated before standing up and pulling the tee shirt over his head. Scarlet gazed up at his ripped six pack abs, defined pecs and shoulders and bulging arms. "Wow", she exhaled, her hand slipping between her legs.

 Scarlet stood up and ran her hands over his taut body, her fingers combing through the light sprinkling of chest hair. Dean's hands rested on her hips and he lowered his head. Their lips met, tentative and exploring at first, before the kiss deepened. Their tongues collided and Dean pulled her forward by the hips, her chest smattered into his. Scarlet could feel his hardness against her navel. He was certainly eager, she had to give him that. She hadn't expected this from someone so young. Heck, she hadn't expected anything this good at all. She broke off the kiss and sat on the edge of the couch before him. She began to undo his belt.

 Dean looked down at Scarlet taking his jeans off. He still thought he'd wake up any minute. This was beyond his wildest dreams. He ran a hand through Scarlett's thick red mane as she released him from the pants he'd been straining against. When she pulled off his boxers she had to stop for a minute in surprise. Neatly trimmed hair sat above an eight inch monster that she could just about wrap her hand around. The surprises just kept on coming, she thought to herself. She opened her mouth wide and took his pulsing head into it. Dean groaned at the sensation. All his previous girlfriends had chickened out of giving him head when they saw the size of his cock, but not Scarlet. She was blowing him like a pro. He laughed to himself. She is a pro, he thought, a professional porn star. 

 Scarlet licked all up his shaft, covering it in saliva as she took his balls into her hand. She paid particular attention to the underside of his head, earning her appreciative groans. Deep, throaty groans that made her wet without even being touched. She took him into her mouth again and began to move her lips down his shaft. His cock entered her throat and she kept going until her face was mashed into his abs. She pulled back and started pumping up and down his cock with her mouth with increasing speed. Dean looked down at her head bobbing on his cock and with both hands resting on the back of her head to encourage her, he knew that he wasn't going to last long. When he warned her that he was about to cum she pulled off. 

 Scarlet stood back up and continued the kiss she'd broken off earlier. Dean reached around and untied her bra, letting it fall to the ground, releasing her massive tits. He cupped one in each hand and moved his lips down her throat, sucking and biting tenderly as he went. Scarlet had her hands on his shoulders to steady herself. Dean moved his mouth to her right tit and he sucked and flicked the nipple with his tongue. Scarlet sighed with the feeling. When his patience with foreplay ran out, Dean moved her onto her back on the couch. She spread her legs, ready for him. Her anticipated stare nearly undid him, but he hesitated. "Where are the condoms?"

 "I'm on the pill", Scarlet replied. It was the reply he wanted to hear. He ripped her panties straight off. Her hairless pussy was already wet and ready. He slipped a finger in just to feel how tight and hot she was. Dean climbed up onto the couch, pushed her knees up to her shoulders and gripped the base of his cock in one hand, lining it up. When the first couple of inches were in her he leaned forward and rested his weight on his arms on either side of Scarlet's head. He began to push the rest of himself into her, inch by inch, until their hips met. Scarlet gasped. "Holy fuck," Dean breathed in her ear, "you feel incredible".

 Scarlet wound her hands into his curls as Dean began to move in her. He was surprised at how tight her pussy was, especially for someone in her line of business. Still, he didn't mind as he pulled most of the way out before slamming his hips back into hers. With their foreheads pressed together and her inner legs pressed against his sides, Scarlet had a magnificent view of Dean's cock pushing into her. Her gasps became louder as Dean thrusted his cock, becoming faster and faster. The room was filled with the sounds of sex: Dean's balls smacking against Scarlet's ass cheeks and her pleasured cries. "Oh fuck. Faster baby, faster", Scarlet demanded as she moved her hands to his bulging thick biceps.

 Dean growled and obliged her demands, slamming wildly into her. He moved his lips to her neck and bit and sucked. Without warning he pulled out of her. Scarlet gasped at the feeling of being emptied, and Dean flipped her over flat onto her stomach. He moved on top of her and into her, and with his arms on either side of her she was caged in. She loved it, thrusting her hips backwards into him as encouragement. Dean picked up where he left off, pounding into her wet pussy as fast as he could. The sound of flesh against flesh was even louder this time as his hard abs smacked her round ass. Scarlet cried out and clenched as hard as she could, making her walls cling to his cock. After a minute the tension became too much and Scarlet saw stars as the most powerful orgasm she'd ever experienced shook her world. 

 Dean kept up his incredible pace through her orgasm. Seconds later he felt the need to cum. He collapsed down on top of Scarlet as he emptied into her. He stayed in her for a minute as they held each other while they catched their breaths. 

 They stayed like this for hours on the couch, chatting. Scarlet told Dean that she mostly did anal and that he was the best fuck she'd ever had. Dean told Scarlet that that was the first blowjob he'd ever had. They were interrupted by room service - who didn't seem at all surprised that they were buck naked on the couch- with their dinner. When they were finished it was dark outside. Light from the city twinkled in through the windows. Dean took Scarlet's hand and led her to the bedroom where they slept in each other's arms.



Dear readers,

This will be a 3 part series. I haven't started writing part 2 or 3 yet so if anyone has any good ideas feel free to comment them :-) Any others thoughts and opinions are also welcome. Do you prefer this or my previous series so far?? Please let me know.

TSS