 Looking back, Roger Marks thought that his acceptance on the staff of Mason Alexander Preparatory School was the best thing to ever happen to him. He was 28 years old and was now on the faculty of the most exclusive, well-funded, and well-paying private school in the state. The student body was well-behaved, coming from the more affluent families in the surrounding tri-state area. Of course there were the occasional spoiled brats, but they didn't last long. The school had a very strict set of rules which they were quick to enforce. Roger particularly liked the rule that the students must wear school uniforms. The uniforms consisted of dark trousers, white shirts, dark ties and maroon blazers for the boys, with the girls wearing plaid maroon pleated skirts, white shirts, ties, and blazers. All of this combined to make the student body the best-behaved group of young people in the state. 

Except for one. 

There was one student, a female, who could literally get away with murder. She was a little taller than most of the girls in the school, standing 5'9", and had long, thick, luxurious burgundy hair which she almost always wore covering the right side of her face. Her eyes were green, of course, and were the kind that were called "bedroom eyes," the lids open only halfway or so, giving her the look of one who had just woke up. Her face was complimented by a perfectly shaped nose and full, soft lips. She had an hourglass figure that all of the other girls on campus would have killed for -- a narrow waist, firm, flat stomach, and long, shapely legs that ended in a pair of firm, rounded buttocks. But it was without a doubt her exceptionally full bust that set her apart. Her breasts were huge, full and round, standing proudly out from her chest like twin basketballs, and they swayed heavily with every movement she made. Her nipples and the surrounding areola were equally as big as her breasts, her huge nipples perpetually erect, poking out against the fabric of her shirt all the way through her bra. 

She was fully aware of the effect her figure had on the male members of both the student body and the staff, and she used it to her advantage at every turn. She never bought lunch at the school cafeteria, since the male students would line up to buy it for her. She could be late to any class she wanted and not hear a peep from the male teacher; likewise, if she got too hot (which she often did) and wanted to remove her blazer in violation of the rules, she did so without a word of complaint from anyone. The male students -- and the male faculty as well -- secretly looked forward to her doing so. The sight of her big, perpetually erect nipples pressing against the fabric of her silk bra and the light cotton of the shirt was always enough to silence any objection to this slight bending of the school dress code. 

She literally had the run of the campus, and she knew it. 

Her looks alone could have been the reason she got away with the things she did, but it wasn't. It was one of two reasons. The other was her name. 

Her name was Jessica Alexander, the 19-year-old granddaughter of the founding father and school namesake, Mason Alexander. 

And as of today, she was in Roger's class. 

Roger knew from the first moment when she swayed into his class, ten minutes after the bell rang, that she was going to be trouble with a capital "T." When the door opened and she came in, she stopped at the doorway and looked him over, the right side of her gorgeous face hidden by her long hair. Her blazer was open, the mountainous globes of her breasts making it impossible to close. Her white shirt was one size too small on purpose and was stretched tight across her mammoth breasts. The end of her tie dangled in the air, suspended from the shelf of her breasts. Her plaid skirt was shorter than short, stopping at a little higher than mid-thigh even though the rules said it should stop just above the kneecap. A smile crept to her lips as she let her gaze run up and down the length of his body, her bedroom eyes taking everything in and apparently liking what she saw. Roger was, on the average, 30 years younger than the rest of the male staff. 

"I'm sorry I'm late, Mr. Marks," she said in a breathy, soft voice. "I was...unavoidably detained." She smiled at him, continuing to look him up and down. 

"That's fine, Jessica," Roger replied, trying very hard -- and almost not succeeding -- not to stare at her breasts. "Just go ahead and take your seat." 

She continued to smile at him, her smile growing as she walked past him to her desk near the back of the room, her rounded ass swaying with her movements. The boys in the class were mesmerized by her, and they all began to shift in their seats as the inevitable reaction to her presence took place. You could almost hear the slacks getting tight in the crotch as she walked past each young man. You also could almost hear the envy in the looks of the girls in the class as well. 

Once she got to her seat she turned and slowly sat down, crossing her long legs and sitting back in her seat. She continued to look him up and down and smile that smile at him for the rest of the day, giving Roger the impression that she was sizing him up. 

And he was right. She had set her sights on him, and wasted no time in letting him know. 

The next day when she came into class, she moved from her usual place in the back of the room to the center of the front row, right up where she could see him and vice-versa. Roger immediately noticed that her tie was loosened and the first three buttons of her shirt were open, revealing a large amount of cleavage. Her shirt was so tight that he could clearly see the lace of the demi-cup bra she was wearing. She smiled coyly at him as, halfway through his class, she removed her jacket and sat back, thrusting those twin mountains at him. He could clearly see the big nubs of her nipples pressing against her bra and shirt, and he could have sworn they got even bigger as time went by. 

The next day she did the same thing again, her tie loosened and her shirt unbuttoned as before, only this time when she took off her jacket it was very clear that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her mammoth breasts swayed heavily back and forth as she draped the jacket on the back of her chair, threatening to rip the shirt wide open. Her nipples were huge and erect, poking out hard against the thin cotton of her shirt, and through the shirt Roger could see the large, dark circles of her areolas. Once again, the shifting of the young men in the class could be clearly heard as they got fleeting glimpses of her spectacular figure. She sat straight up in the chair, hands clasped on the desk in front of her, breasts pushed out towards him, smiling that coy smile at him for the rest of the class. He tried to hide his growing erection from her but didn't quite manage it; he saw her looking down at it and saw her smile widen as she noticed the bulge in his pants. 

The next day the notes started showing up on his desk. 

The first one simply stated, "I like you, and I know you like me. I saw the proof yesterday in the lump in your pants." That was all. The second note showed up two days later, after he had endured two more days of seeing Jessica sitting braless in the front row of his class. On the second day her shirt was open to the fourth button, giving Roger a clear view of her entire cleavage to the point he could see where her breasts separated. Halfway through the class her tie got swallowed up by her massive breasts, disappearing in her cleavage. 

After class was over he found the note on his desk, which said, "I like teasing you and making your cock hard. Did you know that you make my nipples hard and my pussy wet?" 

The next day when Jessica sat down at her place in the center of the front row, Roger was surprised to see that her shirt wasn't unbuttoned and she was wearing a bra. But he knew she was up to something, and about fifteen minutes into the period he found out what it was. 

He had been writing on the black board and when he turned around the first thing he saw was that Jessica had propped the heel of her right shoe on the book rack beneath the desk, lifting her knee up, and had her knees spread wide apart. Her short skirt was out of the way, and he had a clear view of her mound covered by a tiny pair of thin white panties. On the crotch of the panties was "I love you" with the word "love" being indicated by a heart. Roger could clearly see Jessica's smooth-shaven outer lips and the small dark patch of neatly trimmed pubic hair through the thin material of the panties. Her smile was bigger than ever as she moved her right knee back and forth slightly, letting him know that she knew he had gotten the message. 

The next note was short and to the point. It simply said, "I want you. And I always get what I want!" 

For the next several days, Jessica alternated between teasing him with her huge braless tits or her barely-covered mound. Each day a new note was left on his desk, although he still hadn't figured out how she was getting them there without his seeing her do it. One of the notes said, "I want to run my tongue around your ear and make you shiver." Just reading the note made him do just that. Another note said, "I want to run my tongue up your length, make you hard with my mouth, and suck deeply on your shaft before you slip your hardness inside my tight, wet pussy." 

She was wearing him down, and he knew that it wasn't going to be long before she got what she wanted -- him. And he had a feeling that would be the end of his career at Mason Alexander Prep. He was already surprised that the faculty leader hadn't said something to him about what was going on, as they surely must have heard about it by now. He had thought about bringing it up himself, but to be honest about it all, he liked being the center of attention of this sexy young nymph, and she was certainly worth looking at! 

As if she had read his mind, the next day the note she left for him simply said, "Don't worry, my pet. No one will ever know!" 

Roger was at the end of his rope. His desire for Jessica had been growing with each day that he was subjected to her considerable feminine charms, and he wanted her desperately. The only thing that had been holding him back was the thought of losing his job, and now she had just taken that doubt away from him -- or at least made him not care about that any more. 

The next day during class he made mention that he was going to be in the classroom late that evening after school was out for the day doing some research on a project. Hearing this, Jessica's eyes lit up and her smile broadened -- this was her chance, and she knew it! In response to his announcement, when he turned around from the blackboard again he saw that Jessica had propped her knee up again and was surreptitiously rubbing her mound with two fingers, smiling at him as she did so. He smiled back, turning to hide his growing erection again. 

Just after dark that evening, Roger went to his classroom and let himself in. The rest of the faculty was off campus for the night and the students did not live on campus, so he was not afraid to turn the light on in his classroom. The windows were shielded from street view by the high brick wall that surrounded the campus, so the chances of anyone on the outside seeing the light and calling the police were slim to none. The bottom line was that if Jessica showed up -- and Roger was sure she would -- they would not be disturbed. 

He didn't have long to wait. No sooner had he sat down behind his desk than the door to the classroom opened and Jessica walked in. She was still wearing her school uniform, or parts of it anyway. She still had on her shoes and short skirt which was riding low on her hips, but her jacket and tie were gone. Her shirt was completely open and knotted beneath her massive breasts, and for the first time Roger saw her firm, flat stomach and the glittering belly button ring she wore. She was braless again, her massive breasts exposed by the open shirt, her hard nipples poking out through the fabric. She closed the door behind her, not bothering to lock it; her breasts swayed heavily and seductively as she walked towards the desk. 

"Hello, Roger...may I call you "Roger?" she said in her breathy, sultry voice. 

"Of course," Roger replied, his eyes transfixed by her beauty and utter sexuality. She smiled as she spoke again. 

"Good! I hardly think it appropriate that two people who are about to become lovers should do otherwise," she said, sitting down in the chair next to his desk. She leaned forward, placing her elbows on the desk and resting her head in her hands. Her massive breasts lay on the desk top, bulging out at Roger. The framing effect this caused around her breasts was stunning. 

"Don't you agree?" she asked, smiling at him, fully aware of the effect she was having on him, as was her intent. 

"Yes, I do," Roger replied, feeling his shaft beginning to lengthen. 

"Good!" she said again, still smiling at him. "So tell me, Roger," she said, her voice low, still holding her head in her hands, "Do you think you can handle me?" 

"I think I can," he replied. "As a matter of fact, Jessica, I'm sure of it," he said, noting that she smiled more when he called her by her first name. "But the question I have is, can you handle me?" 

"Oh, a challenge!" she said, sitting upright and placing her hands on the desk in front of her. "I love a challenge! But what makes you think I wouldn't be able to handle you?" she asked. 

"Because there's something about me that you don't know," he replied, "something that no one here knows," Roger replied. 

"Really?" she said, lifting one eyebrow in a quizzical look. "And just what might that be, my pet?" she asked, her curiosity aroused -- among other things. She could already feel her pussy getting wet and tingly at the thought of what was about to happen. 

"You're not the only one here who is -- shall we say -- bigger than average," Roger said, sitting back in his chair and crossing his arms, blatantly looking at her huge breasts and then up to her eyes as he said this. "I, too, am bigger than what most people would call 'normal' in a certain part of my anatomy." 

"You mean..." she said breathlessly, hoping what she was thinking was true. She looked down at his crotch and then back up to his eyes, her eyes hopeful and filled with desire. 

"Yes, I mean just that." 

"How big are you?" she said, breathless again with excitement. 

"Nine and a half inches, fully erect." 

She gasped as she sat back in her chair, her eyes wide, her mouth falling open in surprise, her eyes dropping down to his crotch. Her breasts separated slightly inside the shirt holding them in, threatening to break loose. Then she began to smile and raised her leg up, exposing her thin panties to him as she propped her foot up on his desk. She began to rub her pussy with one hand as she spoke. 

"Mmmmm, that sounds just wonderful!" she said, rubbing her mound. "I've never had a cock that big inside me before!" 

"Well, I think all that's about to change," Roger replied. 

"Yes, it most certainly is!" she said, standing up in front of him and reaching under her breasts to untie the knot holding her shirt in place. "But before that happens, I want to see just how hard I can get you!" She pulled the shirt open and her massive breasts fell free, the huge nipples hard and erect, the areolas surrounding them dark and crinkling with excitement. 

Now it was Roger's turn to gasp. He had never seen such immense, round, and perfectly formed breasts before. Her areolas were very large, surrounding her equally large, erect nipples, and were just dark enough to give a good contrast. As he ogled her breasts, she slid her hands under them and lifted them up towards him, tweaking and pulling at both nipples with her fingers. She looked down at her nipples and then up at him, keeping her head low as she gazed at him, her lips in a smile. Roger could feel his cock quickly hardening, and shifted his position to give it room to grow. 

"It's working, isn't it?" Jessica asked, her voice husky with growing passion. "You're getting hard, aren't you?" Roger just nodded in reply; Jessica smiled at him and pulled on her nipples harder. "Do you like my breasts, Roger? Do you like my big, hard nipples and the way they stand up for you?" she asked, pulling and twisting on her hard nipples. All Roger could do was stare in amazement and lust, and shift his position again to give his now fully erect cock as much room as he could inside his pants. 

She walked over to his chair and stood in front of him, still holding her breasts up, tugging on the nipples. She slid her hands back and pressed her breasts together, offering them to him. He grasped the huge globes in his hands and pulled one to his face, sucking the hard nipple into his mouth. Jessica moaned, slipping her hand around to the back of his head, pressing his mouth against her massive breast harder. Roger sucked hard, pulling the hard nub into his mouth and nipping it with his teeth. He released it and did the same to its twin, making Jessica moan again. She slid a hand down to her mound and began to rub herself as he worked her nipples over. 

When she could take no more teasing, she pulled her breasts away from him and then stepped forward, lifting her massive breasts and wrapping them around his head. She squeezed them together, trapping his face between them as he reached around with both hands and squeezed the firm globes of her ass. She wrapped her arms around his head, holding her breasts in place with her arms, and squeezed her breasts around his head by pressing her elbows towards each other. He squeezed her buttocks harder in return. His face was completely enveloped in the soft breast flesh of Jessica's massive bosom, and as Jessica held him there he found that he couldn't breathe. But he really didn't care! 

"Do you like that, my pet?" she asked, pressing her elbows together to press her mounds tighter around his head. "Can you breathe in there? Do I let you out, or just keep you in there and smother you between my breasts?" 

Just as Roger thought he was going to pass out from lack of oxygen, Jessica released his head from between her "man-killers" and stepped back, walking backwards to her chair. She sat down, her hair still draped over one side of her face, looked at the large bulge in his pants, and then motioned him over to her with her curled finger. 

"Come here, my pet," she said. 

Roger stood up, and the large tube of his hard cock could be clearly seen pressing against the cotton khakis he wore. He walked over to Jessica who never took her eyes off of his erection, and stopped in front of her. She slid her hands up his thighs to his zipper, quickly sliding it down. She reached inside his trousers and then inside his boxers, gripping his cock with one hand. 

"My God, this thing must be huge!" she said, looking up at him, squeezing his shaft in her hand. 

"See for yourself," he replied. 

Dropping her eyes back to his crotch, Jessica pulled his fully-erect cock from his trousers, her mouth falling open and her eyes widening as she saw it for the first time. She began to smile a slightly evil smile as she pumped it with her hand, forcing a large clear drop of fluid to pop out of the tip. 

"Mmmm, candy!" she said, and pulled his cock down until it was pointed at her lips. She slipped her tongue out and licked the drop of pre-cum from his cock, swallowing it. She pumped his cock again and was rewarded with another drop of pre-cum, which she also licked off and swallowed. Then she stood his cock up straight and slowly, teasingly ran her tongue all the way up the underside of his shaft, from the base of his cock up to the tip, swirling her tongue around the bulbous head. She pumped it again, and when the drop of fluid appeared she slipped her lips around just the tip of his cock and sucked hard, pulling more fluid from him. He shuddered as she did this, and shuddered again when she slid her wet mouth down over the head of his cock. 
