 Saturday, 9:07 am.

Dean woke up when Scarlet licked the underside of his cock head. He jerked at the sensation. He had felt Scarlet working on his dick but he thought that it was just a dream. Dean looked down and saw her grinning up at him on her hands and knees between his legs, her right hand around the base of his cock. "Morning honey", she said, licking him again. "How are you doing this morning?" Dean groaned, still not fully awake. Scarlet didn't wait for any other reply and took him into her mouth. She swirled her tongue and sucked in her cheeks.

Dean sat up against the headboard and rested his hands behind his head, admiring the spectacular view. Scarlet had her luscious red hair over one shoulder. Her watermelon sized tits dangled over his knees and her ass stuck up into the air behind her. He rolled his hips, encouraging her to keep going. "You told me how much you enjoyed the head I gave yesterday, so I thought I'd surprise you", Scarlet grinned mischievously. She pumped her hand up and down his shaft and lowered her head until he hit the back of her throat. She stopped then, knowing it would drive him crazy.

Dean had to exercise all the self control he head not to jump Scarlet right now and fuck her brains out. With half his dick in her mouth she stops, pouts and bats her eyelids at him. He'd had enough of this teasing. He sat up and grasped Scarlet's hips and swung her around until she was straddling his chest with her crotch in his face. He smirked. Scarlet was not the only one who could play the teasing game. He ran his tongue around her pussy lips, careful to avoid her clit. She moaned into his cock and pushed her hips back towards his face. Dean used his hands to both spread her ass cheeks and hold her in place. He gently began probing his tongue around her slit but still not entering her. Scarlet groaned and got his message, and when she took him into her throat he pushed a finger into her.

Scarlet shuddered and began to move up and down on his cock. Dean slipped another finger into her pussy and moved his lips around her clit. He matched his tempo to hers; he pumped his fingers into her at the same speed as she pumped her head on his dick. He felt that she was coming near to her climax when her movements became jerky. He buried his face into her crotch when she orgasmed, and his own climax came a few seconds later. Scarlet swallowed as quickly as she could, wanting to suck up every last drop of his cum.

9:31 am.

They cuddled for a while after that in bed, not wanting to end the moment. When Dean caught his breath he pressed a kiss onto her forehead. "That was a nice way to start the morning, don't you think?" Scarlet had to agree. She kissed him on the lips. 

"How about I fix you up some breakfast?" she asked. When Dean nodded she slipped out the door into the kitchenette, without bothering to put on any clothes. Dean followed her a minute later after slipping on a pair of boxers. He was glad he did. There was a man sitting at the table.

"Hello Dean, it's a pleasure to meet you". The man, who was middle aged and wearing a suit, stood up and stretched out his hand. He had to tilt his head back to meet Dean's eyes.

Dean took the man's hand, utterly confused. "Who the fuck are you?"

The man smiled and sat back down, gesturing for Dean to do the same. "Well, I'll cut to the chase. I'm Dave from the porn company and we've been secretly filming you and Scarlet. We're very impressed with you, young man. In only a few hours this had become one of our most viewed channels ever! The ratings are through the roof and we'd like to offer you a job." The man grinned.

"What the fuck? You can't do that. I never agreed to any of this shit", Dean fumed.

Dave frowned and opened one of two briefcases layed out on the table. "Would $50,000 change your mind?"

Dean only hesitated for a second. "Okay". 

Dave grinned. "I'm glad we could come to an agreement." He started walking to the door. "Oh, by the way, I've left some toys in the other briefcase for your enjoyment. Bye." He winked and exited the suite. Dean shuddered.

Scarlet rounded the corner with a plate in her hands just as the door slammed. She left the plate in front of him. "What did Dave want?"

Dean stared at her for a minute before shaking his head. "Unbelievable", he muttered.

Scarlet sat down at the table and began to rummage through the other briefcase. "Are you not having anything for breakfast?" Dean asked her. 

Scarlet stood up and walked behind him, massaging his shoulders. "Your cum was enough to fill me up", she whispered in his ear. Dean chuckled. Suddenly he felt something at his wrists and he heard a click. He looked around. Scarlet had handcuffed him to the chair. 

He grinned up at her, unsure. "What's this?" he asked.

"Another surprise, baby". She placed her knees on the chair on either side of his legs and wrapped her arms around his neck. She shoved her breasts into his face and started to grind her body up against him.

"Ooh, a lap dance, is it". Dean grinned and moved his hips under her. His arms strained against the handcuffs, testing their strength. Scarlet turned around, crouched in front of him and started twerking her round ass into his bulging crotch. Dean appreciated the view but this was driving him crazy. He needed to be in her right now. "Scarlet", he growled in warning. She flicked her hair and glanced back over her shoulder at him. She was enjoying this immensely and she felt how hard he was through his boxers. She continued to grind into him, making sure he knew that she was the ultimate tease.

Dean flexed his arms as hard as he could in an attempt to break free of the handcuffs. He was rewarded a few seconds later when they snapped. Scarlet stopped and looked back in surprise. Dean didn't waste a second; he jumped out of the chair, picked a shocked Scarlet up and threw her on her back on the table. He didn't have the patience to move as far as the couch or bedroom. He stepped out of his boxers and two seconds later he was balls deep in a gasping Scarlet, whose ass was hanging off the table. Dean gripped her hips and pounded into her. Her tits shook with the strength of his thrusts.

Scarlet gazed up at Dean. His magnificent body was drenched in sweat and his face was set in determination. He was pushing his thickness into her tight pussy so hard and fast, she couldn't tell if what she was feeling was pain or pleasure. Whatever it was, it felt incredible. She sat up and wrapped her legs around his narrow hips and her arms around his broad shoulders. Dean, still fully in her, walked them over to the wall and pressed Scarlet's back into it. He continued to fuck her hard, loving how this angle allowed for deeper penetration. 

Scarlet moaned his name and moved her mouth to his. Dean's tongue probed, demanding entry into her mouth. He kept rocking into her as he moved his mouth over her jaw and down her throat. He picked a spot and bit down, causing her to cry out. Judging by how quickly her breath were coming, she was nearing her orgasm. Dean only sped up his thrusting and five seconds later Scarlet screamed as her climax ripped through her body. She flopped her head into his shoulder, all her energy spent. Dean was pleased to see a reddish-purple bruise blooming on her neck.

A minute later he sighed as he unloaded into her for the second time that day. His legs shook as he carried her back to the bedroom. That was definitely something for the cameras, he thought.

They mostly stayed in bed for the rest of the day, hanging out. They fucked a couple more times, but it was more chilled out this time. When night came they went out onto the balcony and drank wine, looking up at the stars.

*****

Hi guys, 

Thanks for all the comments and ratings for the last submission. You guys are great :) Keep them coming!

Part 3 on its way.