 “I really like the way you sing and play guitar,” the young girl said and she approached the small platform where Josh Griffin was performing. He was playing to an audience eating catfish at a local restaurant.

“Thanks,” Josh said looking up. “You want a CD. They are only 10 bucks.”

“I already have one and really enjoyed it,” the girl answered. Josh noticed the dark haired girl. She looked to be young, 19 or 20, and had a small tight body. She was dressed in jeans and blouse that fit close to her small breasts.

“Ok, glad you liked it,” Josh said and got ready to begin the next song.

“Could I talk to you a minute when you have a break?”

“Yeah, I guess. I have another 10 minutes to this set and then I will have a few minutes,” Josh replied wondering what this young girl wanted. Josh knew he was much too old to attract such a cute young girl and at 50 he did not have the energy to put much into any relationship. After his years of experience with the opposite sex he had decided noninvolvement to be the best approach.

Josh finished the set and went outside for a smoke.

“Do you have a minute now?”

Josh turned and watched the young girl approach him.

“Ok, what do you want?”

“My name is Sally, Sally Graves. I am also a singer. I need some help in learning how to get into the business and what I need to do. I was wondering if you gave lessons or anything like that.”

“No, I never liked teaching and as you can see I am not the most successful performer. You might want to talk to someone who knows something,” Josh responded with a sarcastic tone to his voice. 

“But I like the way you do things and would really appreciate your help,” Sally pleaded.

“Nope, not interested,” Josh said and walked away.

The last set went okay and Josh packed up his equipment. As he put the last piece in his old van he looked around to see Sally appear.

“What do you want?” 

“I was wondering if you would reconsider. I don’t have much money and I don’t know anyone else that I can talk to about this. Would you please considering teaching me about music and the music business?”

“I thought was I pretty clear before. No, I am not interested in teaching you,” Josh exclaimed.

“Please,” Sally pleaded.

Josh suddenly had an idea. It would make the lessons worth his efforts or else it would get point across that he was not interested.

“Sally, is that your name?”

“Yes,” she eagerly responded.

“I will teach you but only with several conditions, none of which you will like.”

“What are they?” she questioned.

“If you want me to give you lessons you must be prepared to follow every instruction I give without questions. Also, I will not teach you anything unless during the lessons you are totally naked,” Josh said and laughed.

“What?” Sally gasped. 

“I could never do that. You would want me to take off all my clothes so you could look at me,” she exclaimed. 

“You are a dirty old man,” she said and walked off.

“Well that got rid of her,” Josh thought as he finished loading his van ready to return to his small apartment and hot shower.

Josh forgot the entire incident with this young girl until later that week there was knock on his door.

“Yeah, whose there?” Josh was not use to visitors and anyone that knocked was usually trying to sell something he did not want.

“Sally,” a young voice said.

“Who?”

“Sally, the girl at the restaurant who was music lessons,” she replied.

“What the hell?” Josh thought as he remembered the incident. He wondered what she wanted now.

Josh opened the door and looked at the young girl standing on his small porch.

“Can I come in?” she asked.

“I guess,” Josh said and opened the screen door.

“I have been thinking about what you said.”

“What did I say?” Josh asked.

“You said you would give me lessons,” she replied.

“I don’t remember saying that,” Josh said. He had dismissed their conversation thinking it unimportant.

“You said if I met certain conditions you would teach me,” Sally said looking determined.

“Oh yeah, I did put a few conditions on it didn’t I,” Josh said and laughed. He now remembered their short conversation.

“You ready for a lesson,” Josh asked and smiled. He gave her body a good look over and noticed that she noticed how he was looking at her.

“I don’t know. I have never taken off my clothes like this,” she said looking down at the floor.

Josh could not believe this girl was actually considering it. He had just told her this to get rid of her and now here she was looking as if she was going to strip for him.

“Well, it is up to you,” he said and smiled.

Sally looked at Josh and then began to unbutton her blouse.

“Do I have to take off everything?” she asked.

“Yes, everything or it is no deal.”

Sally looked at him as she unbuttoned the last of the buttons. She slowly pulled open her blouse revealing a rather un-sexy white bra that totally covered her small but firm breasts.

“Keep going,” Josh instructed.

Sally reached down and undid the button on her jeans. She pulled hard at the tight material and slipped them down her legs. She then kicked off her shoes and pulled the jeans off her feet. Josh noticed her white cotton panties that revealed little of the soft flesh it covered. Sally might as well have been wearing a bikini bathing suit rather than bra and panties.

“Please, I don’t want to take off anything else,” Sally said as she crossed her arms across her chest.

“Look Sally, you came here to me and knocked on my door. It is all or nothing. It’s up to you,” Josh replied as he leaned back in her chair and stared at the young girl’s body.

Sally slowly reached behind her back and undid the clasp of the bra. She held the bra for a moment uncertain as to what she should do.

“Let it go Sally,” Josh instructed.

Sally let it go and the bra fell from her chest to the floor. She slowly let down her hands revealing small firm breasts about the size of a small apple. Her nipples were dark and Josh could see they were very firm, standing at attention.

“Very nice Sally. I love you titties,” Josh said admiring Sally’s breasts.

“Thanks,” Sally said not knowing how to respond.

“Before you take off your panties so I can see your pussy, let’s see how you sing,” Josh said and picked up his guitar. Sally had a strange expression on her face as she watched Josh watch her.

“Do you know ‘Cheating Heart’ by Hank Williams?” Josh asked.

“Yes,” Sally replied shifting from one foot to the other knowing that her music teacher could not take his eyes off her breasts.

Josh strummed a chord.

“Is that a good key?” 

“I think so.”

“Ok sing,” Josh commanded.

As Josh played Sally did several verses of ‘Your Cheating Heart’ and Josh felt she did a decent rendition? 

“Not too bad. You have a pretty good voice,” Josh praised.

For the first time since Sally’s ordeal began she smiled.

“Thanks,” she whispered.

Josh put down the guitar.

“Ok let’s see that pussy and ass,” he commanded.

Sally was caught off guard. She was still pleased about Josh’s favorable comment of her singing that she almost forgot what was happening. Without much further thought she slipped her fingers into each side of her panties and pulled them down.

Josh watched as a small amount of dark hair appeared. Sally obviously trimmed her pubic hair to leave only a small triangle just above the beginning of her slit. As the panties came off Josh had a great view of the pink folds of Sally’s pussy.

“Mmmm, very nice indeed Sally,” Josh commented.

“Thanks,” Sally said again not knowing how to respond to someone who was telling her she had a nice pussy.

“Turn around and let me see your ass,” Josh said.

Sally turned around allowing Josh a good view of her tight firm ass.

“Nice,” Josh said.

Sally turned around to speak. As she did so Josh took several quick pictures with his digital camera. 

“What are you doing?” Sally screamed.

“I didn’t say you could take a picture of me naked,” Sally cried as she tried to cover herself.

“You did not say I couldn’t either,” Josh responded.

Sally crotched down behind a chair and began to whimper, trying to hide her body.

“Ok, quit your crying. I got some good shots and there is little you can do about that now. So go ahead a get up and let’s do some work.”

Sally hesitantly stood up realizing there was little she could do about the pictures already taken.

“What are you going to do with those pictures?” she asked.

“I am going to look at them when I masturbate if you have to know,” Josh said.

“You won’t show them to anyone else?” she asked.

“No, they are just for me. It is time for you to sing. Get on your feet,” Josh ordered.

Sally rose to her feet, wiped off her face, and looked at Josh.

Josh again looked over her entire body.

“Do you know ‘You Are My Sunshine’?” Josh asked.

“Yes,” Sally answered.

Josh reached over to the computer and opened a program. Soon an intro to “You Are My Sunshine’ came through the speakers.

“Sing,” Josh ordered.

Sally began to sing the first verse of “You Are My Sunshine’ as she stood naked before Josh. Josh had to admit she had a good voice but his main preoccupation was with her excellent body.

As Sally sang Josh downloaded the pictures from his camera.

The song ended and Josh made a few adjustments.

“Do you know ‘Blue Bayou’?”

“Yes, but I don’t know all the words,” Sally said. She had recomposed herself and could not believe she was standing here naked singing to Josh.

Josh made a few adjustments on the computer. 

“Come over here.”

Sally gasped. She was looking at one of the pictures Josh had just taken of her. 

“No, look on this monitor.”

Sally looked and there was a karaoke type screen with the words to ‘Blue Bayou’. Josh pushed a button and it began to play. After the intro Sally began to sing using the words on the screen. She kept watching the words on one screen and the pictures Josh had taken on another screen next to it.

Josh was sitting behind Sally. He sat back and noticed there was a large budge in his pants. While listening to Sally sing and looking at her fine firm ass Josh pulled out his cock and began rubbing it as Sally continued to sing.

Sally finished the last line and turn to see what Josh’s reaction. She was shocked to see him sitting there rubbing his hard cock.

“What are you doing?” she gasped.

“I looking at your fine body and whacking off, what the hell do you think I am doing,” Josh responded now looking directly at Sally’s slit.

Sally took a step back but seemed mesmerized by Josh’s reaction to her. She just stood there staring at him rubbing his cock.

Josh reached up and pushed another button. 

“Stand by me, won’t you stand,” by me suddenly began to play through the speakers.

“Sing Sally right now,”

Sally not knowing what else to do began to sing still watching Josh masturbating.

“Very nice Sally. You sing well and your pussy is so enticing,” Josh groaned.

Sally watched as precum began to flow out of Josh’s cock.

“I’m going to cum Sally. Keep singing but watch as I cum.”

“Mmmmm,” Josh groaned as a load of cum shot out of his cock and hit the floor. This was quickly followed for several more globs of white cum.

“That felt really great,” Josh said and straightened himself back in the chair.

After a few more lines Sally finished the song.

“If you are still interested in lessons I will burn you a CD of a number of songs for you to practice. If you want to return and sing them for me, the rules will all be the same,” Josh said. 

“Sally, you have a good voice, not great but good. You certainly sing as well as some successful people but the music business is a very tough place to find success,” he continued.

“You can go ahead and get dressed and I will be looking forward to seeing all of you again if you so chose. Of course if you do return the price of the lesson will increase next time and I don’t mean money if you understand,” Josh said and stood up zipping up his pants to emphasize what he had just said.

Sally felt very confused. She could not believe all that had just happened. She also could not believe that a part deep inside her had enjoyed everything that had happened and she wanted to do it again. What bothered her was the increase in price. She wondered what that mean but she could guess it would be some type of sexual act. Sally did not know if she wanted that or not.

Josh watched from his window as she drove off and wondered whether he would see her again.