 (A special mention to two lovely lit ladies; to KJTatts for her sexy teacher pictures which was the inspiration, and to Dhai for capturing my heart, wet kisses for both of you.)

As I close up my classroom for the week I hear what appears to be moans coming from the classroom next to mine.... I had heard there was a new substitute teacher taking over the room for the rest of the term, but haven't yet met you. One of my colleagues had told me, quite with distaste that "You wouldn't believe that hussy of a new substitute the principal just hired, she's a foreigner, and she has tattoos and piercings, like some common whore." 

Of course my colleague is an old bat of a teacher who should have retired years ago, and has no sense of current styles. Me of course, being of a younger more liberal mindset (despite turning 40 this summer), thought that the new sub would probably relate to her young charges very well.

I move closer to your door, the sounds of moaning growing ever more insistent. I think perhaps that you, the new teacher has hurt yourself, and all alone on a Friday afternoon, in a nearly empty school, you'd need my help.

I push open the door and see a vision of loveliness perched on a desk in front of an empty classroom... Your hair is raven's wing black, which sets off the cream of your alabaster skin. Your face, perfect as any can be, adorned by glasses and crowned by a pair of full, extremely kissable lips. A pair of silk slacks lay casually on the floor, while your conservative blouse hangs loosely from milky shoulders. 

Perhaps the first day was a little stressful (I know it can be) and you needed some relief before driving home, maybe all the young men (or women?) in their budding sexuality had over come your sense of propriety, or perhaps...maybe...you had seen me, the tall, graying and (to some) still handsome teacher in the next room...Could I be the source of your fantasy?!?

I stand in the doorway for seconds that seem like eternities, watching the erotic display in front of me...My own yearnings becoming evident as a hard presence in my slacks...

You tilt your head back and your fingers become more frantic as I slowly walk into your room...Perhaps it is the scraping of my shoe as I near you or maybe my own animal heat coming from my body, but you open your eyes, see me, and a startled gasp escapes those perfect lips of yours.

You stop suddenly, and begin to attempt to cover yourself, but I move swiftly to the desk and halt you, with a look of such hunger that you freeze in mid movement, your eyes wide as a doe's caught in the headlights of a car, your hand still touching the moist mound through your simple cotton panties

You start to say something but I silence you with a finger to my lips and pull your own chair up to the table, sitting so close between your spread thighs that I can't help but smell the moist muskiness that surrounds you.

My eyes lock on yours, and without breaking contact I run an index finger from the tip of your toe up one flexed knee...You shudder and another low gasp/moan escapes your lips... I lift your right foot to my mouth and my tongue licks out at your black painted toe... I place your toes fully into my mouth and my tongue licks at the gap between first and big toe...

You moan, laugh, and squirm at the sensation, and somewhat roughly, I pull you to the edge of the desk, my face squarely between your thighs....

Again, I lock my eyes on yours, and without breaking contact; I grab your damp hand and roughly bring it to my mouth, tasting your juices. Your arch your back and moan again, your other hand drops, either for protection or passion, I firmly move your fingers aside and lean down to replace them, at the barrier of your panties...with my extended tongue...

With my first heated lick, you arch forward, slamming yourself against me, an animalistic grunt escapes your mouth, driving me on to taste you fully, completely. You are beyond any simple concept of what it means to be "wet"; the material covering your mound has ceased to hold the fluid of your desire. As the cotton's ability to contain it fails, your hot nectar floods my tongue, drowning it in a rich combination of flavors. The finest wine pales by comparison to you...

As I lick upward I'm greeted by a surprise; something small, harder than the flesh around it, your piercing. What matter of slut are you, I think, to have adorned the most sensitive and private of places? What creature of desire has driven me to this frenzy of need? My cock swells even more, enflamed by your wanton sexuality.

Driven beyond any sense of reason; heedless of any pain I may cause, the thumb and first two fingers of my right hand form a talon and I wrap it around the gusset of you panties, my knuckles driven rudely into your inner thighs. You scream in raw need as I tear away the sodden crotch of your panties, baring yourself to be devoured by me. A small gold ball gleams in the pink flesh of your pussy's lips, your private dew coating it.

The tearing of your panties has released, somewhat, the uncontrolled passion-filled fury that overtook me, and with gentleness, my thumb caresses the silken folds of your pussy...across the golden ball...and onto your other hardness-your engorged clitoris. You writhe against it, hips arching as sweet obscenities fill the room.

I tease you with my fingers and thumb, willing you to the brink with my ministrations...bringing you close...so close to sweet release. Just as you begin to reach your explosive crescendo, when you would willingly choose death then un-fulfillment, I quickly bring my hand away.

A fresh, obscenity escapes your mouth, this one in protest from the exquisite pain that my hand's departure has left you, yearning to come. You arch again, blindly trying to find my fingers... Your sweet blasphemies are cut off by a sudden moan as my erect tongue plunges deeply into your hungry pussy, my chin pressed against the rosebud of your asshole. I drive in and out, fucking you hard as I drink of you. You ride my face, your breath ragged, as your passion builds higher...higher...higher...

You explode in a kaleidoscope of sensations, pain, pleasure, grief, loss, joy, and ecstasies beyond human words fills you, as you press hard against my face, releasing into my hungry mouth a new flood of flavors...your orgasm changes the very molecules of the slick honey pouring forth to slake my thirst...but it does not release me from my hunger.

I lean above you, my cheeks and chin glazed, dripping, and I look deeply into your wide eyes. My hands release the engorged, angry, red, bar of flesh from the confines of my zipper. Your eyes break contact with mine, and look down at what you have done to me. Another moan pours forth from your ruby lips, this one a plea for connection...for my cock inside of you.

You slide forward, your thighs widening as I push my way into your slick hole, heedless of the ruining of my trousers from your moisture. Your flesh parts as my engorged penis fills you, more fully than any man before, erasing the sense-memory of other cocks, as if mine was the first to penetrate you, as if mine was made only for you. 

You wrap your legs around my hips, my hands gripping yours. For the first time I notice that your outer thighs and hips are a canvas of tattoos. Patterns of colors and whirls of lines wrap around your skin, and I am hypnotized as our bodies begin to move in an ancient rhythm of pleasure...our thrusts building in intensity. 

I pull you against me as I drive in and out of you, and we kiss hungrily for the first time, your mouth tasting your own sweet juices. My hands slide up your body, and I slip your blouse further down your shoulders, our thrusts meeting and pulling apart as we move closer to our mutual explosion. My palms engulf your breasts, squeezing and I pull them out of your black bra. As I look down at them I moan into your mouth, for tribal patterns of colored ink covers them and a hoop pierces each erect nipple.  

I move harder in and out of you, as once again the same beast that tore your panties rudely from you, begins to gain ascendance, in my brain. I pull hard at each nipple...you groan encouragement into my mouth, as my thrusts move us to the breaking point, my cock widening, driving deeply into you for but a few more quick thrusts. We scream into our kiss as we explode together, my own hot lava erupting into you, mingling with your own.... As we press into each other, the only movement, the quivering of our bodies...our eyes locked onto each other. And we try to calm our breathing.

I pull out of you, our combined fluids cascading over your desk. I kiss you once again, and as the gentleman in me returns, help you to re-dress. No words, no introductions, for now, escape our lips, as we attempt to regain our composure...For we hear in the distance the unmistakable sound of jingling keys, as the janitor makes his rounds.

I open the door for you, and signal which hallway for you to leave by. You linger for a moment, smiling, then make your way in the opposite direction of the nearing footsteps. I shake my head, flip off your light switch and lock your door...And head in the direction of the janitor's whistling tune.

To Be Continued...