 My name is David – I’m 6’0” 170 pounds with dark brown hair and blue green eyes with gold specks (yes in my eyes). I am a photographer, and have been in business for a couple of years – mainly weddings, parties and that sort of thing. I rented out some space so I could take some pictures with a background, lights and controlled lighting with hopes that I could take some really nice shots. The idea was to hire a model for the day and to take different types of shots to show off my capabilities, and that these pictures would lure some more customers my way, make some money and let me open my own place.

So anyway…. I had hired a model for the occasion(She was supposed to be 26 years old about 5’7” and her name was “Darcy”, at least that’s what the agency told me.), and was in the studio getting all set up - turning lights on, getting props out, and then turned to put some nice relaxing music on the stereo. Just then I heard a very clear very feminine voice from directly behind me saying

“So you’re David the photographer huh? Hi there! I’m Darcy – the model you’ll be shooting today?” 

I started to talk before I turned around and stumbled over my words as I did. 

“Yep, thaaaaaaat’s meeeep” I ended up saying instead of “that’s me”. She was about 5’7” pretty, curvy with brown hair, hazel eyes, and was wearing the most eye-catching outrageous outfit that I had seen in a long time. All I could do was just stand there and blatantly stare: I tried not to give in to the impulse to rake her body over with my eyes, but just couldn’t. I ended up looking her over from top to bottom, checking out every square inch. 

The shirt was simply a men’s dress shirt (a cotton long-sleeved white dress shirt that you might wear to work), a short tight blue jean skirt that went down to her thighs and flared out at the bottom, a set of black shiny heels (no hose), hair loose and flying, and a necklace. Ok so that’s not so outrageous – but what she did to it was! The shirt was tied around her middle - open all the way down, and tied to show off her navel and tits. You could tell she wasn’t wearing a bra (no straps!) because you could see her nipples showing through and her areolas as well – and it was so tight you could almost see the seams pop when she breathed. Her nipples got hard as I watched – talk about arousing! The skirt was a light blue faded job with tatters (homemade fringe?) around the bottom, and was slit up the side high enough that I could see that she wasn’t wearing panties. The shoes were black patent leather, but didn’t have enough material on them to make a bikini and had 4- inch heels on them. The hair was shoulder-length, just washed, smelled like flowers, and just wind-blown dry. The necklace was a choker with a drop to it: a black beaded choker with a single dangling diamond that was cradled between those gorgeous tits.

“Hello----earth calling David?” 

I finally realized she was calling my name and tapping her foot impatiently.

“Ohhh, I’m sorry ….” I fumbled, “Darcy was it?”

“So did you enjoy it?

“I’m sorry? Enjoy what?” I said red-faced

“ Why your little journey up and down my body of course-what else?” she said with a grin.

“Ohhh that, well umm…..”

“Save it David – you obviously like what you see.” she said with a wicked grin, “And you know what? I like what I see too.” 

With that she proceeded to look me over just as blatantly as I had her – I could almost feel her eyes raking up and down my body - looking me over like a piece of fresh meat ready to devour me, just as I had her. As she took her time doing it I could feel myself getting aroused: just the thought of what she was thinking of my body got me going.

“Hmmmmmmmm a little excited David? I like that in a man. Someone who knows what he likes and isn’t afraid to go that extra little bit and show her how big his cock is.” Darcy smiled salaciously as she was saying this, but said it with a smart-ass tone. 

“So you think you can take me? Hmmmmm…. You little punk?” as she said this she drew her face to within an inch of mine, put her right index finger under my chin and squeezed my balls gently with her left. She then kept her hand there squeezing and releasing, squeezing and releasing, again and again and again.

“Ohhhh…” I said not trusting myself to speak, as she had me about ready to cum right there.

“Do you like that?” she said innocently, still squeezing and releasing me.

A whispered “Yesssssssss” was all I could muster, my legs getting wobbly on me, my cock so hard I thought I was going to explode. Those fingers knew what they were doing – and I loved it!

Darcy then removed her hand from my chin, knelt down on her right knee showing me that I was right- she wasn’t wearing panties: I could see her slit dripping wetness down her thighs.

“Ya’ know it’s amazing what just one glimpse of a hard cock can do for a woman: make her sloppy wet in about 30 seconds. Mmmmmmm. I like what I see, but we have some pictures to take – don’t we?”

“Yeahhhh, but if you don’t stop that hand soon, I’m gonna’ make a sticky mess all over the inside of my pants.”

“Oooh is that right? Well I have a solution for you. I’m going to release that cock of yours - let it breathe. Is that ok?” she asked sweetly, unzipping me before I could say anything… 

“Mmmmmyeah baby let me feel that hard cock!” She had her hands in and out of my pants and before I knew what hit me, I was inside her hot, wet, drooling mouth! Mannnnn what a hot one. She was as hot for me as I was for her. I watched as she started to finger herself as she sucked me off, the wetness from between her legs continuing it’s journey down her rounded thigh.

“Sllllluurrrrrrrrrrrrp!!!” was the sound that her mouth made when she took my cock out sucking all the way up flicking her tongue across my slit. Then she opened her mouth even further to take my cock deep, taking me in almost to the base, swirling her tongue around my pole as she did so.

“Ohhhhhh mmmmmaaan!” I said, “Do you do this for every photographer?”

She popped her mouth off my cock slurfing her tongue up the head with her tongue as she did so, making my body jump in ecstasy and said,

“Nope – I’ve never done this before- you’re the first.” “Aaphhhhhsssssslrrrrrpppppphhhhhhhhmmm!” she took my cock back into her mouth like an animal devouring it’s prey – all at once – drooling, sucking, and cramming it in as fast as she could, now taking it all the way down to my balls; flicking the tip of her long wet tongue around at the top of my sack, rubbing it along the bottom of the length of my cock at the same time. I lost it, grabbed the sides of her head, and started fucking her face with deep hard strokes.

“Unh! Unh! Unnnnghh! Yaaaaaayuuuuuss! Mnh! Mnnnnnnnh! Oghhh! Oh shit do you have a incredible mouth!” was all I could say, ramming my cock down her throat as hard and fast as I could. You could hear the sounds of fucking all through the room – her cheeks and lips making a slurrphhhing sucking sound as I kept nailing her mouth rapid fire, saliva streaming out through her lips and down my balls. She just knelt down on both knees to take it better, and started humming and making sounds of ecstasy, madly rubbing her clit with her right hand and pinching her right nipple with her left hand, having pulled the knot from her shirt, her round perky tits shaking and jiggling every time I thrust into her mouth.  

“MMMMMMphh! MMmnnnnggph! Oghmpph! Yesphh! MMMmmmph!” She got wetter, and wetter and started fucking herself with the first two fingers on her right hand, hand flying in and out of her now drooling slit, juice streaming down her thighs, stroking her clit constantly with her thumb.

I could feel myself getting harder and longer, getting closer and closer to the edge, that little tingling feeling starting at the bottom of my feet, moving upwards with a rush. I could feel my cock-head expanding in her mouth, the blood coursing though it, the head turning purple and shiny as it readied itself to shoot it’s load.

“Ohh! Ohh! Ohh! Yess! Yess! Unh! Ungh! Take that cock down your throat baby! Yeah!” I almost screamed at her, “ Ohhhhhh! I’m gonna’ cum, I’m gonna’ cum I’m gonna’ cumm! Yyeahhhhhuus!”

As my cock started to pulse I watched her body start to shimmy and shake, her legs straining to keep her vertical as her hips violently thrust at the air, trunk flopping once, and then back and forth, again and again, and again as her orgasm violently ripped through her body. At the same time my cock was pulsing my cum down her throat, shooting spastically, jumping crazily in her mouth as unintelligible sounds of joy and ecstasy flew through the room as our orgasms racked both of our bodies….

“OGH! AGNHNH! YREAAGHH! OGHHHHHHHHH! YEASSSS! UNNNGGGH! UMMMMMPHH! YESSSSSSSSS! TAKE THAT COCCKK! YESSSSSS! UNHHH! SWALLOW THAT CUMMMMMMMMMMM! MMMNHGH!” I yelled in ecstasy as I heard her muffled cries of passion…. 

“MMMPH! MMMMMMMPPPH! MMMMMMMPH! OOOMMMMMMPPPPPPHH! UNNNNNNGGGGGGGHHH! UMMMMPH! THHHSSSSSSPH! YYYEEESSMMPPPPPPPPHHHHH! STTHOOOOTH IITHHH DTHOWNNNNN MY THRWOATHHH! YESTHHHH! MM! MMMM! MMMMNGGMMMMNGGMMMNNNNGHH!”

I felt like I wasn’t gonna’ ever stop shooting, and didn’t want to either, but finally as the cum started to drip out the side of her mouth my orgasm slowly subsided, and I slowly slumped over her head, panting and sweating, with my cock still deep in her mouth. I watched her slowly come down off her high, her body jerking spasmodically, slower each time, again and again, until she slowly slumped against my body, gasping air through her nose, her body spasming erratically every few seconds with aftershocks, suckling on my cock, eyes closed and mewling like a kitten suckling on her mother’s breast.

“Oh my god!” I said, trying to recover from the earth-shaking experience I’d just had, “That was fucking fantastic! Where did you learn to give head like that?” I asked her as she took the excess cum that was dripping down her cheek and dragged her fingers through it, making sure to get every drop. She finally let my cock out of her mouth, slowly licking her fingers luxuriating in the taste of my cum, shrugged her shoulders and said,

“Oh that? I learned that in high school.”, smiling like a Cheshire cat. She licked her fingers and proceeded to groom herself like some erotic nymph: running fingers through her hair, smoothing her shirt and skirt: starting to tie the shirt up again.

“You’re still wet. ” I said pointing to her still dripping thighs “ Why don’t you let me help you with that and get you real good and clean?” smiling all the way down as I laid her back on the bear skin rug right in the middle of the studio, stripping the her clothes off as I did. I flicked the switch to turn on the lights when I got up to take my clothes off, and you could hear our laughing and giggling echoing all through the studio as I said,

“Man are these gonna’ be some HOT pictures!!”