 Roger woke up the next morning with thoughts of Jessica and their classroom encounter fresh in his mind; actually, his dreams had been filled with the images of her big, round breasts squeezed in his hands as her pussy milked the cum from him. As he showered in preparation for work the mere thought of her soft lips around his shaft gave him an almost immediate erection, one that stayed with him long enough to make getting dressed a problem. But he was able to work around it and finally finished getting dressed, putting on a clean pair of khakis, a white shirt with a black tie and his maroon Mason Alexander Prep blazer that all staff were required to wear. He stopped to check his appearance in the full length mirror, noting once again that the only thing to distinguish his appearance from that of a male student was that the students wore black trousers while the staff wore khakis. That, and the obvious age difference, of course. After a quick cup of coffee in the small kitchen of his apartment he was off to Mason Alexander Prep and Jessica. 

In a way he was looking forward to seeing her in his classroom today, but in a way he wasn't. He knew he was playing with fire by getting involved in a sexual relationship with a student -- while she was 19 years old and was of legal age, he'd lose his job for sure if they were discovered -- but at this point his fascination with and desire for her was far stronger than his common sense. Like the old saying goes, "When one head gets hard the other gets soft," and it was more than true with him. Besides, the idea of getting involved in a '69' with this alluring, sexy creature was way too tempting for him to consider shutting the whole thing down. 

Not yet, anyway. 'And not any time soon, either,' he thought to himself. 

The other reason why he wasn't looking forward to seeing her was he wasn't sure if he'd be able to act nonchalant with her in his classroom, and he wasn't sure how she'd act as well. He had a feeling that she'd be able to pull it off, tempting and teasing him in her usual way, but he wasn't so sure about himself. It was going to be a challenge, that's for sure. 

When the students trooped into his classroom and took their seats, Jessica wasn't among them. This wasn't anything unusual since she was almost always late for his class to begin with, but when she didn't show up for class at all he was both disappointed and concerned. The sight of the empty desk front row center of his classroom bothered him, and he found himself longing to see Jessica sitting in it. 

After giving the students their work assignment to be completed in class, Roger sat down behind his desk to grade some papers while the students worked. He opened the center drawer of his desk to get a pen, and that's when he saw the note. 

"I'm sorry, my pet, but I can't be in class today as I have things to do in preparation for tonight," the note said in Jessica's distinctive handwriting. "But after all, 'absence makes the heart grow fonder,' as they say!" 

That was it. Nothing else, no other details as to just what Jessica had planned for tonight. There wasn't even anything in it to suggest that it involved him, but he was pretty sure that it did. Just what it was, however, was left to his imagination. And after all the notes she'd left him before and the encounter in his classroom last night, Roger was left with plenty to imagine. 

And Roger's imagination ran wild all day long. He found it very difficult to concentrate on his teachings with the erotic thoughts of Jessica running through his head, and he was relieved when his day was finally over. He had a feeling that this was exactly what she had wanted, exactly what she had planned and was counting on. Jessica had proven herself to be a master tease, and he had a feeling that she was playing him like a fine musical instrument. 

The day finally ended, and after the students all left his classroom Roger picked up his briefcase and left, closing the classroom door behind him and walking through the now-deserted building and out to his car. When he unlocked the door and opened it, he was more than surprised to see a note with his name on it sitting on the driver's seat. The handwriting was unmistakably Jessica's. 

'Now how the hell did she manage that?' he wondered, bending over to pick up the note before getting in the car and closing the door. He started the car and cranked up the air conditioning before opening the note and reading it. 

'Hello, my pet!' the note said in Jessica's elegant, spidery handwriting. 'I hope you had a good day today and that my empty desk wasn't too big of a distraction for you. I promise you that I'll more than make up for it tonight!' 

And that was it. Nothing else, no other details. She was teasing him again, and it was working. Roger's imagination immediately went into high gear, his cock quickly hardening inside his khakis as images of Jessica flooded through his mind. 

"Damn, this girl is good!" Roger said out loud as he started his car. He backed out of his parking space, then drove out of the parking lot and off of the campus to his apartment. His head was filled with images of Jessica and her huge tits all the way, forcing him to shift his cock's position in his khakis before it snapped off. 

Roger had yet another surprise waiting for him when he got to his apartment. There was another note stuck in between the door and the jamb, just above the doorknob, again with nothing but his name on it in Jessica's handwriting. Roger stopped, his mouth dropping open in surprise, and he stood there for several seconds before recovering his composure. He snatched the note out of the crack and opened the apartment door, then stepped inside and closed the door behind him. He dropped his briefcase to the floor and opened the note, his hands shaking slightly with anticipation as he did so. 

'Hello again, my pet! Welcome home!' was all the note said. Roger dropped his hands to his sides and leaned back against the door, shaking his head in amazement. 

"How in the hell did she find out where I live?" he asked the empty room. He thought about it for a moment, wondering if she had that many contacts around town that she could both find out where he lived and get his car unlocked to put the note inside. He walked around the half-wall separating the living room from the small kitchen, dropping the note on the counter and opening the refrigerator to retrieve a much-needed beer. 

"Son of a bitch!" he exclaimed out loud as he looked inside the refrigerator. There, sitting on the shelf next to his beer, was a bottle of very expensive champagne and another note. With a hand shaking with anticipation, he picked up the note and opened it to read it. 

'See you tonight, my pet! Seven o'clock, and I promise this time I won't be late!' Beneath that one line there was a lipstick imprint of Jessica's full lips, the red lipstick stark against the white background of the note. 

'This girl is amazing to the point of being scary!' Roger thought to himself. 'How in the hell is she pulling all this off?' He reached into the refrigerator and grabbed a beer, twisted the top off and tossed it in the sink as he walked into the living room and sat down on the couch. He took a long pull from the cold beer, then sat there for several minutes doing nothing but thinking and drinking the beer. He thought long and hard over his situation; part of him said to just let it run its course and enjoy the ride along the way, but the other part of him saw nothing but scenes from "Fatal Attraction." He had never been so unsure of what to do in his life, and he was totally unable to figure out just how Jessica was pulling all this off. After several minutes he finally dropped his eyes to the coffee table in front of the couch, and his mouth dropped open when he saw what was there. 

Sitting on top of the small stack of magazines on his coffee table was yet another not. He set the now-empty beer bottle on the coffee table and picked up the note, opening it to read it. He was amazed yet again at what he read. 

'I told you, my pet, I always get what I want. And right now, I want you -- very badly!' And at the bottom of the note was a P.S. 

'Relax, lover, I'm no Glenn Close. See you at seven!' 

Roger dropped his hands into his lap and just sat there, looking at the note in awe and amazement. Finally, he got up from the couch with the note still in his hand, picked up the empty beer bottle and walked into the kitchen to throw it away. 

"Fuck it," he said out loud to the empty apartment as he tossed the bottle in the trash, "I guess I'll just see what happens next!" Then he walked down the short hallway to his bedroom to undress and shower, stripping off his blazer and pulling off his tie as he went. He tossed them on his bed before turning and going into the bathroom. Thirty minutes later he emerged from his room clad in jeans, a green polo shirt, and leather boat shoes without socks. He went into the kitchen to get another beer before going into the living room to sit down and try to relax. 

The hours passed slowly as Roger waited in his apartment for the appointed hour to roll around. At 5PM or so he called out for some Chinese food, suddenly realizing that he was starving. When the deliveryman knocked on the door Roger half-expected to see Jessica standing there with the bag of food instead of the Chinese teen who was there instead. He honestly wouldn't have been surprised if it had been her; by this time, she had more than proven herself completely capable of doing whatever she wanted to get whatever she wanted -- or in this case, whoever she wanted. Roger paid the teen for the food and then sat down at the kitchen bar to eat. When he was done he made sure to go into the bathroom and brush his teeth, something he normally didn't do until he went to bed but something that he thought would be a good idea tonight. 

Especially tonight. 

After he finished in the bathroom Roger came into the living room and sat down on the couch to watch TV; he needed something to do to pass the time until seven o'clock. He watched the images flickering on the large LCD screen across the room, seeing them but not really seeing them at all. His mind was filled with images of Jessica and the previous night's encounter in his classroom, and try as he might he couldn't get them out of his head. And he wasn't sure he really wanted to. 

Two hours later he heard his watch beep with the hour, and at that exact instant there were three distinct knocks on his door. Roger felt his heart leap into his mouth as he reached for the control to turn the TV off, dropping it back to the coffee table after doing so. He walked quickly over to the door and stood there for a moment, his palms sweaty and his heart pounding in his chest, and he suddenly realized that he was as nervous as a twelve-year-old boy about to experience his first kiss. 

And he had a feeling that was exactly what Jessica wanted. 

Roger opened the door and there was Jessica, her long auburn hair falling over the right side of her face as usual, her full lips turned up in a smile as she saw him, her green eyes sparkling. She was wearing a black full length leather trench coat that was tied closed at the waist, her hands in the pockets and the front of the coat bulging out from her huge breasts beneath it. He could see a mile of cleavage at the top of the coat and couldn't help but wonder what kind of shirt she was wearing beneath it. On her feet were black stiletto heeled pumps, the heels of which must have been four inches high at least. Beneath the black nylons that she was wearing he could see that her toes were painted a scarlet red to match the lipstick that she wore, and Roger was sure her fingernails were done in the same color. 

"Hello again, my pet," she said breathlessly, and Roger wasn't sure if she sounded like that because she was excited or just wanted to turn him on. Either way it was having the desired effect as he felt his cock stir in his pants. 

"Right on time, Jessica," he replied, and her lips parted as she smiled bigger at him. 

"I told you I wouldn't be late this time, lover," she said. "May I come in?" 

"Absolutely!" Roger said, standing aside and holding the door open for her. He got a whiff of her jasmine perfume as she walked past, breezing into the room as if she owned the place. He closed the door and then turned to walk behind her, following her into the living room. She walked into the middle of the room between the coffee table and TV when she stopped, turning to face him, her hands still in her pockets. 

"You have a very nice apartment, Roger," she said, smiling a coy smile at him. 

"Thank you, Jessica," he replied, standing in front of her. "It's not much, but I do what I can on the salary that the school pays me." 

"I'll see what I can do about that later," she said, smiling that coy smile at him again. Roger's brow furrowed for a moment at this statement, but she didn't give him any time to think further as she continued speaking. 

"But right now," she said, taking her hands out of her pockets and untying the belt holding the coat closed, "we have more important things to concern ourselves with, don't you think?" she asked, opening the coat and slipping it from her shoulders, dropping it to the floor to lie in a heap at her feet. Rogers mouth fell open at what he saw. 

Jessica was wearing a black lace half-cup bra that looked like it could barely contain her mammoth breasts, a pair of black silk panties that Roger just knew were thongs, and a black lace garter belt to hold up the black nylons that sheathed her legs. The black stiletto heels she was wearing completed the outfit, and as Jessica cocked a knee and put her hands on her hips he saw that he was right about her nails. 

"Do you like what you see, my pet?" she cooed, her eyes hooded as she looked at him. 

Roger paused for a moment before answering, drinking in the sight of her lithe, young body with her huge, rounded breasts and firm, flat stomach. He could see her big nipples protruding against the lace of the bra, and from her navel dangled a sparkling jewel which Roger knew just had to be a real diamond. 

"Absolutely," he finally managed to answer. "You're the sexiest, most beautiful woman I've ever seen, Jessica," he said, meaning every word of it. She smiled at him in return as she spoke. 

"Thank you, lover," she said, dropping her hands from her hips and walking slowly over to him. Her massive breasts jiggled and swayed inside the flimsy bra she was wearing, and he expected them to pop out at any moment. "I bought this lingerie just for you, Roger. This is why I wasn't in school today -- this, and a few other things I had to take care of. I wanted to make our evening together memorable in every way!" She stopped when she was close enough to him that her breasts were barely touching his lower chest, and he could feel the hard nipples poking his skin. 

"You've succeeded, trust me," he said, looking down at her. She put her arms around his neck and pulled his head slowly down to hers as she replied. 

"And I'm just getting started, my pet," she said softly, pulling his head down until their lips brushed. "The best is yet to come!" she whispered as their lips met. 

Her lips were warm and soft against his as Jessica kissed him, her hand on the back of his head pulling his lips to hers as her other arm slipped around his upper body. She pulled Roger in close, molding her body to his from her knees to her chest, and Roger could feel the mounds of her huge, full breasts pressing against him. Her delicate tongue slipped between their lips and into his mouth to find his own as Roger slid his arms around Jessica's lithe body. He slipped his hands down her back to her buttocks, gripping the firm, rounded globes in his hands and squeezing them as he pulled her close against him. Jessica could feel his cock swelling and growing between them, pressing into her abdomen as it grew longer, thicker, and harder. She moaned in his mouth at the sensations, pulling his tongue into her mouth as she deepened the kiss. 

Roger squeezed the globes of her ass harder in return, and he could feel the hard tube of his cock straining for release as it pressed against her. Jessica moaned in his mouth at the increased grip on her ass, and she ground her pubic mound against him in return. 

Just when Roger thought he would go out of his mind she finally broke off the kiss, leaving the both of them slightly gasping for breath. Her eyes were hooded with desire as she looked up at him, her hand still on the back of his head as his hands still gripped her firm, shapely ass. 

"This is going to be such fun!" she whispered, smiling up at him as she spoke. "I'm going to make you cum so hard!" 

"I intend on returning the favor," Roger replied, smiling down at her. They kissed again, briefly this time, but just as intense. When the short kiss was over Jessica took Roger by the hand and turned to walk towards the bedroom, taking him with her. Roger was mesmerized by the sight of her shapely ass wiggling back and forth as she walked, and he was pleased to see that he was right about the panties. They were thongs after all, and he had never seen a woman wear them better than Jessica. 

She led him down the short hall to his bedroom, and Roger briefly wondered how she knew where it was. Then he remembered that she had already been in his apartment and had invariably checked it out while she was here, and he made a mental note to ask her how she did that as soon as he got the chance. 

Once in his bedroom Jessica led him over to the end of the bed, then turned him around so that his back was to the bed. She pushed on his shoulders to sit him down, and once he was sitting she stepped back from him so that she was just out of arm's reach. Locking her gaze on his, her eyes hooded with desire, she reach around behind her and unhooked the clasp holding her bra in place. Once the back straps fell free she held it in place with one hand while she shrugged the straps from her shoulders. Never taking her eyes off of his she pulled the bra away, tossing it aside as she revealed her huge, full breasts to him once again. They were just as spectacular as the night before, the nipples hard and erect, standing out proudly from the areolas which were slightly crinkled with her desire. She walked over to him and placed one hand on the back of his head while she lifted her left breast up with the other, guiding his lips to the erect nipple. She pushed his face into her big, soft breast, and Roger immediately clamped his lips around the erect nipple and sucked hard. Jessica gasped with pleasure at the sensations of her nipple being sucked into his mouth, and she pulled his face harder against her big breast in reply. After a moment or two she moved Roger's head over to her other breast, and he repeated his actions on her other nipple. Jessica threw her head back, her eyes closed, and moaned slightly as he sucked on her nipples. 

"Oh, my God, that feels so good!" she moaned as Roger switched back and forth from one breast to another. Roger knew that Jessica was more than a little aroused by now as he could smell her musk filling the room as he sucked on her big breasts. He put one arm around her slim waist to hold her in place while he slid his other hand up the inside of her thigh to her mound, cupping it in the palm of his hand. Jessica moaned again as he rubbed her mound with his hand, and he could feel the heat and the dampness seeping through her panties. He slipped a finger past the crotch of her panties and discovered that she was already soaking wet as his finger slipped easily inside her tunnel. She jumped as his finger slipped deep inside her pussy, clamping down on it immediately with her talented inner muscles. 
