 Another stolen moment for them; that's all there ever was. Stolen moments. As brief as their encounters were, they always packed a punch for the both of them. If her parents only knew what they were doing, she would be grounded for life! Here she was 18 and sneaking out to be with a boy that lives on her block. The only safe place for them to meet was in the dance studio. They had been meeting there a few times a week for the last couple months. They weren't in love, just horny teenagers.

It started off by accident. She had plans to be a choreographer and practiced dancing for hours in the garage. Her dad changed the inside workshop into a dance studio for her. The boy was riding his bike when he passed by and heard the music blaring. He snuck to the opened door, to the open interior door and watched her dance. She had moves that would put strippers to shame. She moved like a belly dancer swaying her hips from side to side. Every movement was fluid.

It wasn't too long before he was rock hard. He accidentally knocked over a broom that was in the doorway. The noise startled her and she twirled around to see what happened. When she caught sight of him trying to get away, she called for him to come back. She made him come into the studio and sat him down on an old couch. Then she closed the door and locked it. 

She changed the music from pop to slow and seductive. He couldn't believe it! She started to dance for him, slowly working her way over to him. Swirling her hips in a circular motion, she had him hypnotized. She got within reach and he tried grabbing her but she swatted his hands away as if to say not yet. She turned around and wiggled her ass at him. She dipped down slowly and began to grind against his crotch. He felt like he was going to burst through his jeans. 

He groaned as she began to dance away from him, but then he realized it was so she could start stripping for him. She kicked off her tennis shoes and then began slowly unbutton and unzip her jeans. He knew she was built like a sex fiend, but the only thing that came to mind was, DAMN!! She was tanned from spending her summers in the sun. She winked at him and told him she was 36-24-36. She pulled the jeans off to reveal a very nice bikini tan and nothing else. She was completely smooth between her thighs. She pulled her shirt over her head while swaying her hips back and forth. No bra! Her breasts were almost a C cup and there were no tan lines. It was almost like she planned this...

She danced her way back over to him and knelt down in front of him. His jeans were so tight that it was hard to hide the fact that he was about to burst. She unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans carefully. He was poking over the top hem of his underwear. She had him raise his hips and she pulled his jeans and underwear off slowly. He was long and thick with veins standing out all over. She looked up at him, not saying a word she gave him a devilish smile and licked the head. He almost came immediately. She took one more lick before she put the head in her mouth. He came instantly. She smiled, feeling him throb in her mouth and swallowed. Mmmm, salty she thought to herself. She kept playing with him, stroking him lightly and squeezing. It wasn't long before he was hard again. She reached over to a small box she had that said "In Case of Emergencies" and pulled out a condom. She slowly unrolled it onto his hard cock. 

She straddled him and guided his cock into her. She was so hot and tight. She fit him like a glove. As she slowly started to ride him, he took her nipple into his mouth and began to suck on it. She told him to bite it, gently. Judging from his breathing, it wasn't long before he was close to cumming again. She stopped and waited patiently for it to pass. Finally, he calmed down and they continued. He lifted up his hips so he was completely inside of her. She started to grind against him faster and faster until she squirted on him. It smelled sweet, like almonds and made her even wetter than before. He was shocked that he hadn't cum then, but kept making her grinding against him. It wasn't long before she had another orgasm, and he could feel the spasms inside of her, like she was gripping him inside of her. This made him cum.

They sat there for a few seconds kissing and hold each other. She grabbed a towel off of the couch and climbed off his lap. She took the condom off of him slowly, wiping up the mess. She cleaned herself off and they began to get dressed. She told him that he was welcome to come join her whenever she was out in the studio to practice. They rode the same school bus, so she would pass a note to him as she was getting off the bus letting him know that it was a "practice" night. This became the ritual. He would watch her dance and then they would dance together for awhile before practicing other moves. She loved to practice her stripper moves on him, finding out what moves brought out the best response. He loved her moves best when she wore a tight mini skirt that always rode up over her round ass. Her hair and skin were wet with beads of sweat as were her clothes. Wet and clinging to her skin. 

She had gotten into the habit of never wearing a bra or panties when she danced for him. It was easier when they got down to business. One night she decided to change things up a bit. She put on a light pink lace bra and thong with the matching garter belt and stockings. She put on just enough makeup to make her green eyes stand out. She teased up her hair and used hairspray. She found the slinkiest dress in her closet, it stopped mid-thigh, hugging her body like a second skin and the black stilettos she was saving for a special occasion. She made her way out to the studio, put on her favorite Poison cassette and sat down on the couch with her legs crossed.

He was late. She was about to give up on him, when he opened the door. He was shocked to see her all made up and he asked if she was leaving tonight without him. She shook her head and got up slowly, walking over to him. She told him tonight was going to be different. Her parents were out of town on a small vacation, and she wanted to stay to keep up on her school work. They danced closer than they had before. He held her close, not wanting to let go of her. After the song was over, she turned off the stereo and took him by the hand and leading him into the house.

The whole house was hers. After making sure the doors were locked, she took him upstairs. She had a four poster bed complete with canopy and gauze. They had all the time in the world. It was a Friday night and his parents didn't expect him home until Sunday, as he was supposed to be staying with a friend. She led him over to the bed and kissed him. They had kissed before, but this was different. There wasn't a sense of urgency, but a renewed strength behind the kiss. He helped her out of the dress, and he was shocked by the lingerie. She'd never worn anything like this before. She blushed as he was looking her over. He'd seen her partially naked many times, but this was different. It was like he was looking at her for the first time. 

She turned around so he could unhook the bra. As she lifted her hair, he leaned in and kissed her on the back of the neck and down her spine. It gave her goose bumps and made her shiver. She didn't want him to stop. She took the stilettos off; began to unhook the stockings, slowly rolling them down her thighs and legs. She took the garter off and tossed it aside. She slowly turned around and he hooked his thumbs in her thong and pulled it down her thighs. She grabbed his shirt and pulled it over his head. Then she took his jeans off slowly. She smiled when he twitched and started to rise. 

She pulled back the comforter on the bed and pulled him down on the bed with her. He kissed her neck, making her squirm beneath him. He kissed and sucked his way down her chest and flat stomach. He found her clit and gave it a lick. She responded with a throaty moan. He knew he was in the right spot. He licked and sucked it like a lollipop. She came in his mouth only after a few minutes. He rose up between her legs, harder than ever before. He put in just the head and looked at her as she begged him to go all the way in. He slowly pushed until he was completely inside. He began to move in and out of her, slowly picking up the pace with his balls slapping her ass with every thrust. He leaned forward and took a nipple in his mouth biting gently. She had her hands on his ass, and dug her nails in, pulling him in deeper. She dragged her nails up his back, making him buck, driving him even deeper inside of her. This is what she wanted... for him to be as deep as possible. He felt so good.

They changed their pace, and she her arched her hips to meet him with every thrust. She started to moan loudly, telling him to fuck her harder and faster. Their orgasms were simultaneous and they stared into each other's eyes as they both went over the edge. They lied there trying to catch their breaths, just holding on tightly to the other. They got up and went into the bathroom to clean each other off. She ran hot water into an old claw foot tub. She added a bubble bath solution before she climbed in, and motioned for him to join her. She smiled and reminded him that they had all weekend to do it again, again and again.