 Please note: The story is fiction. However, things I say about myself like a general description, how I perform sexually, good or bad, is true. I am not a good writer, I admit, but, I do enjoy writing erotica. Generally, my stories are all true. This story is a fantasy. Thank you.

***************************

Amber was constantly on my mind...whether at work, or, play, or while I was resting....I couldn't get her out of my head. Whenever my thoughts turned to her, which was so much of the time, my cock got stiffer then what it was and I kept thinking about the next time I was going to be with her.

It was a warm, calm Saturday afternoon and I had arranged with you to go on a picnic. I picked you up at your apartment. When I pulled up, you were standing there, on the sidewalk, in very tight mini-shorts and a loose blouse.

You climbed in the car and I drew in the heady scent of your perfume, my eyes perusing your incredible body. You slid over on the seat real close to me and we kissed softly. Then, I faced for- ward, put the car in low gear and took off. Your left arm was up and behind my head, your fingers trailing through my hair and your right arm was down,....your long fingers sliding all along the great bulge in my trousers.

I drove to Central Park and we found a remote, quiet location. I grabbed the basket from the back seat and the blanket and we walked several feet from the car. I was walking behind you watching every curve of your magnificent ass moving under your mini-shorts and your blouse was a short one with a revealing midriff. Your long, wavy hair was down, bouncing on your shoulders as you moved.

I set the basket down and we spread the blanket on the closely cut grass. Then, we settled on it and I drew out a bottle of cold champagne. I poured it in the narrow-neck glasses. Then, we tapped them and sipped, your eyes, glaring with a very promising look on me. You hunkered up real close to me and with the flat of your hand, you pushed me down. Then,...you leaned over me and I watched your beautiful face descend, your pouty, full, lipsticked lips moving to my own.

Your arm went around my head as the kiss intensified. It was divine. We held this kiss for a while, our mouths moving, our tongues searching while your long fingers glided to my zipper and we both heard it as you drew it down. Then, with your hand on the right side of my beltline and my hand on the left we both drew my trousers down my legs.

You turned your head, looking at my crotch and your eyes flared when you saw my long length poking through the fly of my shorts. "Look, Hoot! Look how ready it is! It is always ready when I am with you," you commented. "God!...How can it not be? You are soooo vivacious and sexy," I answered. "You know what I expect,....don't you?" you asked. "Yes,...I think I do," I said excitedly. You hooked your fingers in the elastic waistband of my shorts and started to pull on them as I raised my hips. You drew them down my legs and off of my feet.

"Good!....Because, THIS time,....I am going to handle it," you said with great promise. Generally,....I....like to control the action, but, knowing you I knew this was going to be terribly exciting, so, I not only let you continue,....I encouraged you to. You moved away from me for a moment and dug into the basket I had carried over. You drew out a can of whipped cream and you shook it, looking at me with a knowing smile as you did so. I smiled back and my cock was so hard, it hurt! You also drew out the very silky slip I always used when I was wanking.

After shaking the can for a moment or two, you set it down on the blanket, and, on your knees, facing me, you began to unbutton your blouse. As your fingers worked the buttons, I could see your cleavage and the insides of your big, full tits. Then,....you moved it off of your shoulders and placed it on the blanket. I laid there,...my breaths coming in short gasps as your hands rolled all over your big tits. I could actually feel my big balls filling as you rolled them together tightly, allowing me to gaze at the deep cleavage your action caused.

"I know, Hoot, those things that give you your biggest climaxes, and, I will do two of those things right now," you said to me with a big smile. "But,...I....will handle everything, baby! You just lie there and enjoy,....okay?" "Um,.....y-y-y-yes," I answered, my voice cracking from my excite- ment. You then picked up the whipped cream can and you pressed it's nozzle, and, although it was at room temperature, as it spread across my cock, it felt cool. You sprayed and sprayed,...coating my entire cock and balls with it. Then,...you turned it on yourself, and, shot big, long gobs of it in your cleavage and on the inside of your luscious tits.

When you were satisfied that you had used the whipped cream the way you wanted, you moved on your knees so that you were between my legs. Your hands went out and you pressed the inside of my thighs making my legs spread wider apart. Then,...you moved up on your knees so that your body was very close to my own.

As I felt your soft belly against the underside of my coated shaft, I began to pump my hips. You were holding your tits just wide enough apart to allow my cock to slip up between them. Then,...with the flat of your hands at the sides of your tits, you pressed them together and I gasped as I felt the full flesh of your tits, coated with the cream, move against the sides of my hard shaft!

I couldn't keep my eyes off of your full, firm, jutting tits and I was taking deep, long breaths of air as my shaft slid up, up, up your cleavage, and, as it rode higher, you tilted your head and I saw you open your sexy mouth as wide as I had ever seen you do it and, my body flinched and shivered when you stabbed your tongue at the large, open hole in the tip where you drove it down into the hole. You scooped out the pre-cum that was there, then, you slid your tongue all over the outside of the tip, taking in the whipped cream that was gobbed on it. My fingers gripped the blanket hard as your mouth, lips and tongue moved all over my length,...and,...as I pumped, your mouth was able to swoop down to my balls where you sucked the cream from them.

You swallowed, making sure your throat walls were coated with the sweet-tasting whipped cream! You rolled your big tits all around my shaft after hunching your shoulders forward and I felt your lips glide down my length! I pumped and very soon, you picked up the rhythm as your lips rolled along my hard cock, your mouth open so wide your jaw looked as though it dislodged itself from your jaw bone.

I watched, almost in disbelief, as each inch I pumped through your folded tits appeared as though they were disappearing in your mouth! Then,...you swooped down on it in one sudden move, and, I hollered, aloud, when I felt the big, open tip and the inches behind it, slip along your tight, gripping throat walls! When my ass returned to the blanket, I felt my cock slip back up through your throat walls and move into your mouth where you then, bounced your tits against the sides of my shaft and slid them up and down my long length.

"UUUHHHHH!!!!!" I groaned, clenching my fists and jaw as your won- derful tits loved my cock. Up, down,...up,...down,...you slid your tits along my entire length and the gism was churning in my now, full balls. You whipped your tongue, side to side, through your lips and this only excited me more.

"I'll handle your cream, Hoot!" you said, so, I slid my body back supporting my spine with a couple of pillows to put me in a half-sitting position. You reached for the silky slip and filled your hand with it and moved your hand to my big balls and shaft, where you began to cup, fondle, and, roll them, and, I knew this was going to make me explode.

"UUHHHHHOOOOHHHHHH!!!!!!" I cried out, and, you felt my cock thicken in your hand. My body stiffened and the first hot column left my full balls and raced up the vein on the bottom of my shaft. Your hand slid up my length, and, you gripped it several inches under the tip. You aimed the tip toward your face, and,....whoosh,....the first column flew from the large, open tip, and you shut your eyes as you felt it's hot, thick stream flow across your eyebrows.

Your mouth was open in a half-smile and it was easy to see you truly loved doing this. A thick rope of cum was strung across the bottom of your forehead and the top of your eyebrows. You aimed it again, and, another long, creamy column escaped me, flying onto your cheek where you pushed my shaft, slowly, gradually, to the side so you could feel the column roll across your nose and onto the other cheek. Two sec- onds later, you felt another column leave my cock, landing on the left side of your chin where you moved my shaft so it would string across to the other side.

By this time, the first column, on the upper part of your face, was rolling slowly down,...across your eyes, down both sides of your nose where it met the second column I had delivered to you and I could see it started to coat the flesh of your face. Then, when those two col- umns merged, they continued to slowly roll down, crossing your lips and moving to your chin.

With eagerness, your tongue came out and you licked your lips, taking in cum that had gathered there, and, I heard you swallow it. With one hand on the upper part of my cock, guiding it, your other hand, silk- filled, fondled and cupped my big balls. A couple of seconds later, my body stiffened again and my head rolled back as you directed another column to spray on the top of your right breast and you moved my shaft, like a hose, across your chest, making sure the column shot onto both tits. Again, it was like a long rope as it landed, and, with it being so thick, it began to roll slowly down your tits, and, onto your nip- ples before it slid along the inward sweep of your lovely, big tits.

Another column leaped from me, and, you aimed it so it would spray underneath your tits from one side of your waist to the other.

The columns, so far, all began to run into each other, leaving a thick coat of the flesh it had covered. How you so loved it's heat, thickness, and, wetness. By this time, you realized there was still a lot left in me, so, you provoked it by moving your silk-filled hand at blinding speed against my emptying balls. You reaimed the next spray so it would land across your tits and nipples, already coated with the earlier releases. The next one, you directed my cock so it would land across your lips and cheeks, and, the next, you aimed at your upper face, then, your hair,....both of us marveling at how it left my shaft, shot into the air the short distance, and,....splat- tered on your body.

I continued to expel great amounts of hot gism, and, you,...still holding my shaft just behind the tip, directed it's sprays, over and over again,....across your face,....your nose,.....eyes,...forehead, ....lips and mouth and, every once in a while you would open your mouth wide and allow my cum to blast into it where you would swallow all you could! You reveled in doing this,....and,...it seemed to me, you wanted most of it to impact your face. 32 seconds,....35,....37 and, at the 41st second,...you allowed the final release to smack against your lips. Oh,....how coated your face was when your silk- filled provoked the final drops from my now empty balls!

I collapsed on the blanket and, you, right away, grabbed your blouse and put it on. Then, you leaned over me while I layed there, my eyes shut, catching my breath and you said, "C'mon Hoot,...let's go over to the Park Central bar.

I opened my eyes and looked at you,...your face entirely coated and, I could see my cum on your chest that your blouse did not cover. "What!....You want to go there,....like that?" I said, pointing to you. "Of course. You ought to know how much I love this," you said with a smile. "Okay,....if that is what you want to do." I raised up and packed up our things,...the food still in the basket and, I dressed and we left. We were near one edge of the park, and, I knew we only had to cross the street to get to the bar. So, we put the things in the car and headed, on foot, toward the bar,...you still coated with my gism.

When we got to the front door of the bar, I turned to you and said, "You sure you want to do this?" "Of course, Hoot,.....c'mon!" you answered. I shrugged my shoulders and we entered. The bar and lounge were crowded. I found a table and we sat. When the waiter came up to us, he stared at you,...and,...I could see a thousand questions in his mind. "What,......what,.....what,....will you....have?" he asked quite nervously. Everyone sitting around us stared. Their eyes were on you, but, you just sat there with a wry smile on your pretty face, and, told him what you wanted. I did the same.

He left and I looked at you. Your face was so coated it appeared like you had on one of those face masks that women generally apply just before they go to bed. The men and the women around us contin- ued to look, and, we could make out low whispers coming from them, like, "Does she have what I think she has,...on her face?" It didn't phase you. Apparently you had done this before. "I told you, Hoot,...I love it when the cum is coated all over me." I wondered, when it set in with the people around us, that they were seeing what they thought they were,....that it all came from one man - me! You continued to stare at me with somewhat of a puz- zled look on your face. Then, you smiled when you had a thought. "I wonder if they have any conception at all that all this gism came from one man." I shrugged my shoulders.

The waiter came back carrying our drinks. He, again, glared at you, set the drinks down and left. We hoisted our glasses, tapped them and drank. People around us were still buzzing. A couple came from the bar, stood about 20 feet from us and just stared, tilting their heads toward each other, whispering. You took out your mirror from your purse. You stared into it. "My, my,....you did do a job on me, Hoot!" you said, smiling. I just sat there, not knowing what to say or do. "C'mon, Hoot,....relax! Let them look," you said.

We spent a little time there, having our drinks. Then, you looked up at me and said, "C'mon, Hoot,....let's go,.....take me home...be- cause I want all that gism," and you pointed at me, "inside of me." You leaned to me and added, "In my pussy,....my ass,....between my tits,....and,....in my mouth and down my throat!"

I was starting to sweat. We got up and left and I went to the cashier and paid for our drinks. The cashier was a woman and she looked beyond me, at you,...and,...took my money. We made our way back to the car in the park, and, my cock was rag- ing hard again! We climbed in, and took off and as I drove, you were sitting close to me again,...your hand between my legs, rubbing my cock and fondling my balls on the outside of my trousers. I took a deep breath knowing when we got to your place,...there was going to be a lot of fornicating going on.

(To be cont'd......)

Note: Ladies,...if you have an interest in exchanging HOT emails, please write me. All ladies are encouraged, but, big- breasted ladies and ladies who deep-throat are especially encouraged. Please,....no one under 18 years of age. Thank you.

-==-