 Ray Thomas knew when he signed up for English Lit in the latest round of night classes he was taking that it was going to be boring, but he had no idea just how boring it was going to be. His teacher was exactly what you would think an English Lit teacher would be - about a hundred years old, slow, and about as exciting as a glass of water. To make matters worse, she spoke in a monotone which quickly put half of the class asleep. Ray knew that all he could do was try to stay awake and get through the course with a passing grade average; he was only 4 credits away from his degree and wanted to get finished with it, no matter how bad it was going to be to have to sit through that boring class. 

All that changed about halfway through the course when the regular teacher took ill and had to be replaced by a substitute. Ray was the first student in the classroom that night, and when he walked in and saw the stunning platinum blonde sitting at the desk at the head of the room, he turned around and walked out thinking that he had walked into the wrong room. He looked at the room number above the door and saw that he was in the right room, and then walked back inside. The woman at the desk was looking at him as he walked in, and smiled when she spoke to him. 

"You're in the right room," she said, her eyes sparkling. "I'm Miss Davis, the substitute teacher for this class. Your regular teacher is out sick, so I'll be taking her place for a while." 

It took Ray a moment to regain his composure and reply; this woman was absolutely gorgeous! She was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen, and except for the round gold wire-frame glasses she was wearing, she was a dead ringer for Marilyn Monroe! Ray guessed that she must have been in her mid-twenties as he walked over to the desk to introduce himself. 

"Hi, I'm Ray Thomas," he said. Miss Davis stood up to shake his hand, and Ray's mouth dropped open when she did. 

"Diana Davis; nice to meet you, Ray!" she said. If she noticed Ray's reaction when she stood up, she didn't show it. 

Diana Davis had the most massive chest Ray Thomas had ever seen. The woman's suit jacket and skirt outfit she was wearing did a good job of hiding most of it, but there was just no way to completely hide the two massive breasts with which this woman had been endowed. The two mounds stood out proudly from her chest, and they were so big around that they brushed the sides of her upper arms when she moved them. She had a narrow waist and a very shapely pair of legs, and Ray would see later on during the class that she also had a round, shapely ass to match it all. Ray finally regained his composure and spoke before she thought him to be a total idiot. 

"Nice to meet you, Miss Davis," he said, shaking her hand. 

"Diana, please!" she said, smiling broadly at him. "I'm very informal when it comes to titles and things like that," she explained. 

"Okay, Diana, then," Ray said, returning her smile. The other student started to straggle in about that time, so Ray turned and made his way to his usual seat. He sat back and watched the reactions of the other students as they walked in. The majority of the students in the class were male, and they all had about the same reaction as he did. Four of the students were female, and three of them were obviously jealous of Diana's looks. They were cold and informal with her, and if looks could kill Diana would surely have been dead. The fourth was a cheerleader-type who was too bubbly for words, and didn't care one way or the other about what the new teacher looked like. 

From that day on the class was anything but boring. Diana had a way of teaching that caught everyone's attention, not that she needed anything else to catch the attention of the male students. Ray actually started to enjoy the class, and not just because of the way Diana looked, but because she made the class enjoyable. The three women, on the other hand, all dropped out of the class within a week of Diana taking over. The cheerleader stuck around, unfazed by it all. 

Another reason that Ray and the other male students started to enjoy the class was the way Diana dressed. She always wore conservative outfits, a suit jacket and skirt, but the suits were always cut to emphasize her figure without being obvious about it. Every now and then she would take off her jacket if the room got to hot, and when she did that for the first time and the men in the room got a look at just how big and round her tits were, you could almost hear the dicks getting hard all over the room! Ray could only imagine the heavy-duty bra that must be holding those monsters up! The spiked heels she always wore only added to the image; Ray wondered how in the world she could walk in them, but she did. 

It also helped that Diana had a habit of sitting on the table at the front of the room as she was teaching. She always kept her knees together or her ankles crossed, but every now and then you could catch a quick glimpse of silk as she got up and down from the table. She also had a habit of tapping a pencil against the tip of her tongue when she asked the class a question, and this was driving the men wild. Ray didn't know if she knew the effects she was having on the class, but he had a feeling she did. 

About two weeks after she took over the class they were having a pretty intense discussion which was far from ending when dismissal time came around. Diana looked particularly stunning that night, dressed in a dark red women's suit with a black silk shirt beneath it. She was wearing her hair up, held in the back by a large clip, and was wearing black nylon stockings with black spiked heels. The skirt was short enough to make thing interesting but not short enough to get her in trouble; it was also just snug enough to make it interesting. Ray was wondering that night, as he wondered just about every night, if she was a thong or a panties type of girl. Ray guessed she was a thong girl, maybe even a g-string. In any event, when the time came for the class to be dismissed Diana approached Ray as he was gathering his books and jacket to leave. 

"Ray, could you stay behind for a few moments? I'd like to discuss this more in depth with you, if you don't mind," she asked, touching his arm. "If you don't have to leave right away, that is." 

"Sure, no problem," Ray replied, setting his books and jacket back down. "I've got plenty of time." 

"Good! I was hoping you'd say that," she said, smiling at him. She turned and walked over to her desk, giving Ray a good look at her swinging backside as she did so. Once there, she turned and leaned back against the desk, placing her hands palm-down on either side of her hips. She watched as the last student left the room, the door closing behind him. 

"So which part of the discussion did you have on your mind?" Ray asked, sitting on the edge of the table where she usually taught from and crossing his arms across his chest. 

"Actually, I just used that as an excuse, something to say in front of the other students," she replied, smiling a sly smile at him. "I hope you're not mad at me!" 

"Why would I be mad?" Ray said, smiling back at her. He had a feeling he knew where this was going, but he was going to let her do the leading. "So what's on your mind, Diana?" he asked. 

"You are, Ray," she said, getting right to the point. "You've been on my mind ever since you first walked into this classroom." 

"Really?" Ray asked 

"Yes, really," she replied. "You made me tingle in all the right places the very first time I saw you, and I still tingle whenever I see you." 

"Are you tingling now?" he asked, playing with her. 

"Oh, yes," she said, "I've been tingling all night." She unbuttoned her jacket and slipped it off of her shoulders, showing her chest to him. Clearly visible against the black silk of her shirt were her nipples, hard and erect, poking out against the shirt. "See what I mean?" she asked, smiling at him. "This happens every time I look at you, which is why I don't take my jacket off very often." 

"Yes, I see what you mean," Ray replied, admiring her huge chest and the two points of her nipples. "That could be a problem, I guess. So what do you want to do about it?" he asked. 

"I know exactly what I want to do about it," she said, unbuttoning her shirt with her jacket still draped around her upper arms. She opened her shirt, and Ray saw that she was wearing a black silk bra. She reached inside her bra cups and lifted her huge round breasts out one at a time. Her nipples were pert and erect, surrounded by perfectly round pale areolas. She ran her hands over her breasts, closing her eyes briefly at the sensation. Then she opened her eyes and smiled at Ray. 

"There, that's much better," she said, running her pink tongue over her lips. "Do you like my breasts, Ray?" she asked, lifting them up for him to see. 

"They're absolutely beautiful," he said, letting his eyes roam over the two huge orbs. He could feel his cock starting to quickly harden in his jeans. 

"They're not too big for you, are they?" she asked, still holding them up for him to see. 

"Not a bit! I've always said that if you couldn't wrap them around your head and have the nipples touch, they weren't big enough!" Ray said, making Diana laugh. 

"Well, they're certainly big, but I don't know if they're quite that big!" she said, running her hands over them and pressing them together as Ray watched. "As long as you like them, that's all that counts!" 

"Oh, I like them!" Ray said, meaning it. 

"Good," Diana said, "I hope you'll like the rest of me, too," she said, releasing her breasts and pulling her red skirt up over her hips. She turned away from him as she did so, and Ray saw that he was right - she was a thong girl. 

"Do you like my ass, Ray?" she asked, bending over slightly so he could see it. 

"Very much," Ray said, his cock now rock-hard and straining against his jeans. She stood up and slipped the skirt down over her hips, letting it drop to the floor and stepping out of it. Ray saw that the thong was black silk also, matching the bra, and that she was wearing a garter belt that was red with black trim to hold up her stockings. She turned to face him, her big tits still hanging out of her bra, as she slipped the shirt off and tossed it on the desk beside her. She reached down and hooked her thumbs in the elastic of her thong, pulling it down a little before stopping. 

"Would you like to see my pussy, Ray?" she asked in a breathless voice. 

"Yes, I would," Ray said. 

Diana pulled her thong down a little before turning around and putting her back to him. She bent over and slid the thong down over her hips, showing Ray her ass and her smoothly shaven outer lips from behind. Ray saw her huge tits protruding out to the sides of her body as she bent over, and as she slipped the thong from her legs he could see her outer lips part. They glistened; she was already wet. Then she turned around and took off the bra, tossing it with the rest of her clothes on the desk. Sitting on the edge of the desk, she put one foot up on her chair and spread her legs wide to show Ray her pussy. Her pubic hair was also platinum blond and trimmed short. 

"Do you like my pussy, Ray?" she said in the same breathless voice, sliding her fingers down to spread her lips apart so he could see her wetness. 

"Beautiful," was all Ray could manage to croak. 

"I'm already wet for you, Ray" she said, rubbing her mound as she spoke, "and now I want you to come over here and make love to me!" 

Without a word Ray walked over to the desk where Diana was waiting for him, legs wide apart, wet pussy beckoning. As he drew close she reached up and put her arms around his neck as he slipped his hands around her waist. Their first kiss was pure fire; her lips were full and soft, her tongue a nimble animal inside his mouth. He slid his hands up to her breasts, lifting the huge, heavy mounds in his hands and then gently but firmly squeezing them. She moaned as her hand slid down his stomach to the bulge of his hard cock, and she squeezed it through his jeans as he pulled on her erect nipples with both hands. She began working at his belt and jeans with both hands, unfastening first the belt and then the jeans, never breaking the kiss. When she got his jeans open she reached inside his briefs and wrapped her hand around his throbbing hard shaft, pulling and tugging on it with increasing passion. He slid a hand down her flat stomach to her pussy, slipping a finger inside her wetness. She gasped as his finger slid inside her pussy, and she finally broke the kiss. 

"I want you, Ray," she breathed in his ear, "and I want you right now!" 

Ray pulled his jeans down over his hips and let them drop, and she pulled his cock towards her pussy, guiding it to her wet opening. Ray took a short step forward and felt the head of his cock slip between her wet outer lips, her hot wetness enveloping it. She hooked her feet behind his thighs and pulled him close, driving his cock into her sopping wet pussy. Ray pushed forward and slid in with ease, and she gasped as he filled her. Ray could feel her inner muscles twitching as she adjusted to him, and then he felt her clamp down hard on his cock with those talented muscles. Her pussy closed around the entire length of his shaft like a hot, wet velvet fist. She felt Ray jump when she did this and giggled in his ear. 

"Gotcha!" she whispered playfully. "Now fuck me, Ray!" 

"My pleasure!" Ray said, stripping off his t-shirt and tossing it on the desk with her clothes. She ran her hands over his chest as he slid his hands down to her hips, pulling her closer to him as he began to stroke his cock in and out of her tight, wet pussy. The height of the desk was perfect, letting him stand up straight without having to bend his knees as he thrust in and out of her. She wrapped her arms around him and held him close, and Ray felt the mounds of her huge breasts pressing against his chest, the nipples hard little pebbles against his skin. He stroked his cock in and out of her pussy in long, firm strokes, and she clutched as his cock with her pussy as he moved. He felt her moving against him, tilting her hips as he thrust, and knew that she was moving her hips so that his shaft would rub up against her clit. Her pussy was hot, wet and tight, and Ray had never felt another like it in his entire life. 

"Oh, Ray," she breathed in his ear, holding him close, "I'm gonna cum!" 

"Then cum," he said, continuing his thrust without pause, "and I'll cum with you!" 

She wrapped her long, lithe legs around his hips and let him drive deeper into her, clutching at his cock with her pussy as he stroked in and out of her. She moved her hips harder against his shaft, and in a matter of seconds she cried out as her orgasm exploded inside her. Ray continued thrusting as she came hard and long, her pussy squeezing his cock as she came. Then Ray came, the orgasm welling up inside his balls, racing up his shaft, and exploding out of his cock in the form of long, hot streams of cum. She felt his cock pumping and throbbing inside her as he came, and this caused her to cum again. She put her mouth on his shoulder and bit him as she clamped down on his cock with her pussy, squeezing harder than ever as he thrust, his cock pumping and shooting inside her. Ray threw his head back and cried out as he had the most intense orgasm of his life. 

Diana held on to him as their orgasms ran their course; the waves of pleasure washing over her gradually faded, as did the pumping and spurting of Ray's cock. His motions slowed and finally stopped, his hips forward and holding his shaft inside her as the last spasm faded. Both of them were left gasping for breath. 

"Oh, my God," she said between gasps, "that was fantastic!" 

"Where in the world," Ray panted, "did you learn to do that?" 

"I've always been able to," she replied, leaning back on her hands to rest. Her huge mounds stood out proudly from her chest as she did so. "I read something in a magazine about women being able to do that, and when I tried it I found that I could not only do it like the magazine said, but that I could do it better." 

"Damn, that was amazing!" Ray said, and she smiled. 

"Why, thank you!" she replied, smiling up at him. 

"Guess we better get dressed before someone comes in, huh?" Ray said, glancing around. Lucky for them there were no windows in the classroom. 

"Don't worry, no one will come by," she said, smiling at him. "I've checked it out already; after my class period is over, no one comes into this part of the building for at least two hours." 

"You had this planned!" Ray said, grinning at her. She grinned back with a "you caught me!" look. 

"Well, I had to do something!" she said. "You didn't seem to get the message when I sat on the table in front of you, so I had to take more drastic measures! But yes, I've been planning to seduce you from the beginning!" 

"I'm glad you did!" Ray said, and they kissed briefly. "Now let's get dressed and get out of here before we get caught!" Reluctantly he pulled away and separated them, the room air cool on his now-soft cock. They both began to get dressed, with Ray finishing first. He watched Diana put her bra back on, covering those monster tits of hers, and was actually sad when she did. 

"Don't look so sad, lover," she said, smiling at him. "You'll be seeing them again very soon!" 

"How soon?" he asked. 

"As soon as you can drive me to your place so we can do it again, and do it better this time!" she replied. 

"Then let's go!" he said, grabbing her jacket off of the desk and tossing it to her. She laughed as he grabbed his books and jacket, then held the door open for her. She kissed him on the cheek as she went by. 

"Who would have thought," Ray mused out loud as he followed her out, "that I'd ever come to like English Lit!" And the door closed behind them.