 Please note: The story is fiction. However, things I say about myself like a general description, how I perform sexually, good or bad, is true. I am not a good writer, I admit, but, I do enjoy writing erotica. Generally, my stories are all true. This story and any subsequent chapters, is a fantasy. Thank you.

********************

I was taking the 57th Street subway downtown. It was during the evening rush hour and the car was packed to the hilt. I was standing there, hold- ing on to the strap above my head when I spotted you! 'You are luscious,' I thought!

I loved your being tall,.....oh, about 5'6 or 5'7 I guessed and you were standing there, not 8 feet from me, and, you had long, curly hair, sharp and alert blue/green eyes, a purt nose, and, very sexy, erotic mouth and lips! I could feel my cock pressing mightily against my trou- sers, straining to rear itself up, and, it hurt, so, I put my hand down and moved it up! Your eyes followed my hand and they opened wide when you noticed the large, most unusual tip pop into sight above my belt- line! I made no effort to move and hide it, but, my eyes were on you and when you looked up at me, you noticed me smiling!

I was surprised when you smiled back as I am certainly no Tom Cruise or a Rock Hudson. I'm not ugly,....but,...many men are better looking. I guessed, perhaps, any interest in me by you, might be due to...ahem,.. "other" things! Anyway, I could not help but notice the rather low-cut blouse you were wearing and your nipples which were outlined against the fabric of your blouse! My eyes traveled further down, and, I could see you had very shapely hips and thighs and meaty, long legs, which, of course, I love!

Suddenly, you released the strap and worked your way toward me, squeez- ing between the tightly crowded riders until you were directly in front of me, with your back to me! I moved as close to you as I could and placed my crotch against the delicious crack of your ass, and, you shut your eyes and leaned back, firmly, against me! I know you could feel my long shaft against the crack of your ass, and, very slowly, without a lot of movement, I bent my knees a little and straightened up a little, allowing my length to slide along your crack!

You leaned harder against me, then, you moved your arm behind you and I could feel the ends of your fingers probing the unusual tip, still poking out from my beltline! When you did, you felt my precum soaking the ends of your fingers!  Suddenly, you brought your arm to the front of you and I saw you stick your fingers in your mouth! You closed your eyes again and sucked and I saw you swallow!!! You felt my shaft leap against the fabric of your skirt and you smiled!

I leaned my head down and kissed you in the nape of your neck and I noticed your blouse being pushed out by your big tits, which excited me! You leaned your head way back, your long, curly hair following and draping behind you and you had a smile on your face as you closed your lovely eyes!  I continued to rotate my hips in small movements.....just enough for the crack of your ass to feel my girth sliding up and down, and, you were responding in kind - rocking up and down - helping me to feel your crack with my cock! Again, you snaked your arm and hand behind you and I felt your fingers probe my girth and length on the outside of my trou- sers! Your fingers rubbed the tip again, and, again, you brought your arm to the front, bringing your fingers to your mouth where you slid them in, and, with my head being so close to yours, I could hear you suck, then, swallow the precum once again.

You turned your head slightly, saying, "Your cum tastes delicious!" I responded by saying, "I have a lot of it!" With that, the subway car rocked when it came to a stop. I nudged you and we walked from the car. When we got to the street, I hailed a cab and the cabbie drove to my fashionable west side apartment. We climbed out from the cab and walked into the front door where I led you to an elevator. I pressed the button for the 4th floor. We were alone in the elevator.

I took you in my arms, and, planted a soft kiss on your luscious red lips. It was sustained. Then, as the elevator stopped at the 4th floor, we were in a deep, open mouth kiss, your hand traveling my full length on the outside of my trousers. Beads of sweat formed on our foreheads as we headed for my apartment. I slid the key in the lock and the door opened. I followed you inside.

I went to my wet bar and poured us a drink of scotch! We tapped glasses and sipped it, our eyes never leaving one another. You then looked around, saying, "Very nice,....um,.....!"  "Hoot!" I responded.  "Amber!" you said and I took your glass from you. I guided you and we walked into the large bedroom. Two nightstand lights were burning on the end tables beside each side of the bed and you could see a very large bed, draped in silk sheets. That told you something. Yes,...I happen to be a man who loves silk! I love the feel of it on me, especially when a woman is wearing it. I was hoping you were.

We kissed again beside the bed, and, your hands were traveling down my shirt, unbuttoning it. Then,...you undid my belt and my trousers fell to my feet. You stepped back, looking at me at the top of your lovely eyes as you unbuttoned your blouse. I kicked my loafers off and stepped out from my trousers, my eyes glued to you.  I helped you remove your blouse and you had not worn a bra. Your luscious 38D's stood out, proud and firm,...and,...you had small and I guessed, sensitive nipples! Then,...you reached to the side of your hip and undid the latch for your skirt! It fell to your feet, and, you se- ductively stepped out of it! You were wearing a half slip and underneath I could see the black, seamless stockings draping your long, curvy, solid legs. It was obvious to me you kept yourself in great shape!

I removed my t-shirt and you stood there, hands on your flaring hips! Then,....slowly,....teasingly,....I hooked my thumbs in the top of my boxer shorts and drew them down! I pushed them, bending forward to slide it down my legs. I straightened up, legs apart a little and your eyes perused me. I saw your lips form into an 'O' when your eyes were on my long shaft! It stood out,....proud,.....long,.....hard,....but,...your eyes were on the tip. Then, your eyes opened real wide when you saw my huge balls! You swore to yourself you had never seen such large balls on a man and you were eager to investigate it.

"Um,....are they as full as they appear?" you asked, pointing to them.  "Yes, Amber,....I think you will be pleasantly surprised."  I climbed on the bed, taking your hand and pulling you, gently, to me. You slid your long body right next to my own, and, as our lips came to- gether, I could feel your long fingers sliding along my length!  "Nice and big!" you said, "just what I like."  "It's all yours, my pet," I answered.  Your mouth trailed down my face, into my neck, then, down and I felt your tongue swirl over each nipple! I could tell you knew what you were doing! My hand went into your hair at the back of your head where I pressed it! You sucked and licked each nipple, leaving lots of saliva! Meanwhile, your hand continued to investigate my shaft! Your mouth went down, down, down,....pausing to slip the end of your tongue in my belly button! Then,...you continued downward, and, how I loved the feel of your silky hair glancing along my body! Lower, lower,...your lips lightly kissing the inside of my thighs as, at first, you purposefully avoided contact with my pulsing shaft!

You placed the flat of your tongue on my leg and licked! You moved your mouth over to the other leg, and, did the same! You felt my body shiver, and, out of the corner of your eye, you noticed my thick cock jump! On the bed, next to you, was a very silky slip. You looked to make sure it was within arm's reach. Then,....you resumed what you were doing, trailing the flat of your tongue all over my upper thighs and my crotch, working your way toward my thick cock!

I groaned as you grabbed my shaft, and, directing it at yourself, you looked, inquiringly, at the most unusual tip!  "What happened, Hoot?" you asked.  "It collapsed....at birth," I answered.  "Mmmmm,....interesting,....my, my,...look how it fills with precum," you observed. "God,....there's as much there as most men's main climax!"  Then,...you swirled your tongue all over the tip,...working it in circles,....then,...dipping the end of your tongue down in the hole! You scooped out the precum that was there, swallowing it.  "GOD!!!....Your cum tastes sooooo damn good!" you commented. "I hope your main explosion tastes like it," you said.  "It tastes even better,...I guarantee it!" I promised you.

You licked the underside of the tip, making my body shiver and my cock leap! You smiled, saying, "I want that first load all down in my belly, Hoot!"  You thrilled me when you said that! Then, you told me to get up off the bed. I did and I watched you as you moved! You put your legs over one side of the bed, and, your head over the other, tilting it back! Then,...you extended your arms back, wiggling your fingers, urging me to move close to you!

I think I knew what you were about to do, so, I stepped up real close to you! I felt the flat of your hands go on my thighs where you pulled me until the tip of my cock was right at your lips! I watched, in awe, as you flicked your tongue, over and over, at the tip! You pulled me even closer enabling you to drag your tongue all along my length! You were spreading your saliva all along my cock,...working it on all sides!

You reached with one arm to be sure the silky slip was close at hand! Then,...you opened your mouth very wide,....and, pressed your lips to the end of the tip! You found you had to open your mouth even wider and to me, it looked almost like you....unhinged your jaw...in order to get your full, sexy lips all around me!!!!

You pulled and pulled my hips,...drawing me nearer and, very soon, I could feel your lips fold around the tip and start taking me in! I gasped and you laughed quietly to yourself!  More and more you took me in your gaping mouth! I groaned as I could feel the big, open tip begin to move to the back of your throat! Being as thick as I am, I wondered how you were going to manage getting my length to begin to move through your throat!

You began to rock me, enabling your mouth to get used to my shaft! Back and forth,...back and forth,...you moved my shaft in and out of your hot mouth! I groaned again,...but,...you were undaunted as you continued to take and release me! Then,...at one point,...after the tip lodged against the back of your throat,...you continued to pull on my hips, and, my body quivered as I felt the large tip move down into your throat and I could actually feel your narrow throat walls being separated as the inches glided in!

I looked down,...marveling at what you were doing,...and,..you con- tinued to take me in,....deep,....deeper,....and,...I was at a loss for words as I could make out the tip outlining itself against your throat as I watched it moving deeper! Your gaping mouth moved along my girth taking me deeper and deeper,...until I felt the tip move beyond your throat! You reached and grabbed my hand, and, you moved one of my fin- gers to your chest as you were letting me know where the big tip was!  It was incredulous!!! I knew a little something about human anatomy and I knew the tip was now mere inches from the start of your stomach! In other words, with your lips very very close to my balls, I knew my cock was far, far down your esophagus!!!!

Your tongue flew forward and back in your mouth and you were dragging it along my length! At the same time,....you had terrific control as I could feel the walls of your throat....milking,...squeezing,...pulling .....pressing against my length!!! Back, back, back went your mouth and then I felt your upper lip press and snug against my big balls while your lower lip moved firmly into my thatch!!!

"UHHHH!!!!!!....OHHHHHH!!!!!.....I'M,.....I'M,....I'M.....NOT GOING TO ......NOT GOING TO,.....OH GOD,.....I'M....NOT....GOING....TO....LAST!!!" I warned as I could feel my hot cum churning in my over-packed balls!!!  It was amazing seeing how full your mouth was,...seeing how swollen and spread open your throat was as it housed my soon-to-be emptying shaft! This is what you were waiting for! You wanted me to fill your belly with lots of thick, hot cum!!!

As with pretty near all men, while being throated, I had an instinctive fear of....losing....my cock as I tried to back off,...but,...your hands were firmly on my hips, keeping me pulled in tight against you!!!!  You, suddenly backed off,...withdrawing my cock from your throat and mouth completely, then, you hollered,...."FUCK MY MOUTH, HOOT! FUCK MY MOUTH AND THROAT LIKE A PUSSY!!!!!" and if there was anything I loved, it was a woman who talked nasty and dirty!!

You had cleared your throat and mouth, just for an instant, so you could get a fresh breath of air! Then,...pulling on my hips again, your exquisite mouth opened wide and you took me in one fell swoop!!  In a single movement, I felt my cock slip through your tight throat again, and, watched, in near disbelief, as my entire length disappeared, out of sight, almost instantaneously!!!!

It was enough to make me explode! You closed your eyes as you felt my balls draw up to the base of my shaft, then, you felt my cock thicken in your mouth and throat! A split second later,...my big balls began to yield it's immense burden as I felt the first column race along my length, then,....burst.....from the large, open tip, and, YOU came when you could feel the entire column leap....directly....into your stomach!!!  Two seconds later,....another column, and, another!!! They were gush- ing into your esophagus, traveling the very short distance to the en- trance to your stomach!!!

I thought my knees were going to collapse from my weight, the feeling was so exquisite! You could feel my cock buck, pressing against the wall of your esophagus, followed by yet another, long, thick, column of very white cum!!!! You held on,...letting me shoot and shoot and shoot!  15 seconds went by,.....20,.....and,..at the 24th second, you had it timed just right as, between gushes, you quickly withdrew my cock just long enough for you to get another breath of air!!!

Quickly moving your lips along my shaft and, hard, against my balls, I was where I was at before and just in time, as you felt another strong, undiminished column of gism rocket into your belly!!!!  27 seconds,.....30 seconds,.....32 seconds,....and, my cum continued to burst from the big, open tip!!!! How you relished the feeling of my hot, thick cum shooting into and filling your belly! Never, in your life, had you felt so much cum spring forth from a man during a single climax!

You pulled me hard,...making sure,....my cock was BURIED in your throat and mouth! You released one of my hips with your hand and moved it to the silky slip where you gathered it up,...and,...a second later, I could feel you fondling my big balls with your silk-filled hand!  After 37 seconds,....my cock continued to release it's monumental burden and the action of your silk-filled hand on my balls only served to make me shoot more of my thick gism!!!!!  I thought my body was going to give way as the marvelous feelings of ecstasy raced from my nipples right down to my toes!!!!

40 seconds,....and,...STILL,...the cum poured from me! Your silk- filled hand....flew....against my emptying balls,....and,...at the 43rd second,....you felt the last powerful column spurt mightily into your belly!!! It was at that point, you pushed me back, and, as I looked down,...I could see my thick, veiny shaft as it came into view out of your mouth, lined with the residue of your saliva and my cum!!!!

You pushed me away,....and,...we heard, 'slurp, slurp, slurp' as your tongue and lips worked every inch of my cock, removing any traces of my cum!! With that,...I fell forward, beside you on the bed, and onto my back! You raised yourself up, and, you were shocked as you said, "MY GOD, HOOT!!!! YOU,....YOU....ARE....STILL HARD!!!!! YOU ARE...STILL.... SOOOOOOOOO HARD!!!!!" and I was. My desire for you remained very, very high, and, already, I could feel my prostate feeding a fresh supply of hot cum into my balls!!!

"God!!!....How.....how.....do you....shoot so much, Hoot??? How????"  "I.....I...don't know,....I just do," I answered rather weakly!  "And,...it tastes sooooooo damn good! God!!! How I LOVE the taste!!!" you commented. "Well,...I hope you don't have other plans for tonight, because Amber wants to drain you,...over and over again!!!!!"  You sat there, on the bed,...rubbing your tummy!  "Damn!!!...I can feel your hot cum in my belly, Hoot! SOOOO FUCKING MUCH!!!! SOOOO FUCKING MUCH!!!!"

I was laid back,...my head against a pillow at the headboard, and, I said, "There's lots more where that came from, Amber."  "GOOD!!!...Because the next one I am going to get out with my tits all around that monster, and, I want it ALL right in my mouth!!!"

I knew, at that point,...this was going to be one hell of a night!

(To be cont'd)......

-==-