 Night fell, and for once it wasn't raining. The gentle sounds of the camp - the men talking quietly, grimly, amongst themselves where they huddled around fires, or stood on sentry duty; the occasional nicker of the horses and the strange night bird cries, reminded him he was no longer at home.

The General, Aulus, was a broad-shouldered man, taller than most of his soldiers. His dark hair was touched with grey, and he had dark eyes which gave nothing away. 

He stood now on the dais that ran along the front of his tent. He had stepped outside to freshen up - it was late, he had work to do, but he had felt his eyes growing heavy. 

He looked up at a sky spattered with stars - just like back in Rome, back at home. 

Was he homesick? Perhaps. Yet he knew this was his calling, and he certainly didn't miss his weepy, frigid wife.

He had been on campaign many times before, but it took a special kind of General to agree to bring an army across the Oceanus to Britannia - only the great Julius Caesar had previously tried. A brutal kind of General, with no give in him, and steely determination. One willing also, he thought wryly, to give up the glory of the campaign to the Emperor when required - a requirement that had been made clear to him when Claudius had conferred the honour upon him.

He turned back into the tent with a curled lip; Aulus liked his head on his shoulders, so he had agreed without demure; but still, it was pitiable that the leader of the known world didn't even have the balls to march with his own army and take the glory in time honoured fashion - on the front lines.

Inside the tent, Aulus' work table beckoned, lit with two oil lamps flickering. His slaves were already asleep in the back, and his own camp bed beckoned to him. He resisted, smothering a yawn, and settled reluctantly back to work. 

~~~

He had been writing for only a few minutes, when there was a shout and a scuffle outside; then he heard a woman's voice. He noticed that she spoke Latin -- not perfectly, but coherently. The accent of the local tribe was strong - he knew it from meetings he had had with their king in recent days.

The woman was demanding to see the General, amid ribald laughter from the centurion who had grabbed her, and lascivious suggestions from a cluster of legionaries who would join in anything, and were hopeful that they would be able to have their way with her, even if they had to wait their turn after their betters.

Aulus put down his stylus and walked back to the dais, and in the flickering yellow light of the torches he could see the group not more than a few paces away.

'What's going on?' he asked the centurion who was grappling with the girl, Secundus by name. The legionaries had melted back into the shadows as though they had never been there.

'Caught her creeping up to your tent, sir.'

'How did she get in? If there has been any inattention from the sentry, do not be sparing with the whip, Centurion.'

'Of course, General. '

Aulus stepped down to the level of Secundus and the girl. She had stopped struggling when Aulus had stepped out of the tent, and she looked up at him now, her eyes wide and startlingly blue, visible even in the poor light. Her hair was loose, blonde, and she was probably eighteen or nineteen, he guessed. She must have come across the river, he thought, for she was soaking wet, her brown dress clinging to her ripe curves - he felt himself respond to that roundness, her pert breasts pressed against the fabric, and for a long moment, he allowed his eyes to linger on the sensual softness of her arms where they had fallen by her sides, the sweep of her neck and the sweet, rounded face, with a slightly pointed chin.

He wasn't usually the kind of man who dabbled with women on campaign; he found rape distasteful, though he acknowledged its necessity in warfare as a tool of terror; but this one was tempting - very tempting. 

'What would you have of me?' he asked. 

'I am Sybel of the Cattuvalauni; I have come to plead for my husband Edemon's freedom.'

'Your husband?' he said; without waiting for her to answer, he turned to Secundus, who was still restraining her for enjoyment rather than necessity, and said, 'Bring her into the tent. Then you may leave us.'

Secundus raised his eyebrows, wondering at his General, but he did as he had been ordered, pushing the woman towards the tent. She went willingly enough. 

Aulus followed, and indicated the chair before his work table. Secundus sat her there, and then left.

~~~

Sybel had come to the camp with good intentions. 

She had seen the General at the hill fort negotiating with her peoples' king some days previous, and had admired the calm reserve with which he had spoken. He had seemed eminently reasonable, and if she had thought about it, there was something extremely attractive about that -- certainly it was the opposite of her reckless husband, Edemon, with his hot temper and impulsive violence.

She had come to the camp hoping the General would hear her out, and she could win him around to releasing Edemon - it was worth a try. Though there was no love lost between the two married people, she relied on him. She would be in great difficulty if he was taken away permanently.

Yet now that she was sitting before Aulus, she realised that she had underestimated him. He had an intimidating presence of undiluted martial power, so potent that he made her shiver; and yet there was something warm and dangerous about the way his eyes lingered upon her. She felt herself straighten, and subconsciously thrust her breasts forward, revealing the outline of her nipples through the thin, wet fabric. His noticed the movement, the pert orbs with their hardened nubs, and his eyes glittered, his cock stirred; he wondered if the movement had been on purpose.

With a sigh, he pulled his mind back to business, and said, 'Your husband has been captured?' He handed her a glass of wine that he poured from a side table as he spoke. She hesitantly took it - he wondered if she'd ever had good Italian wine before. 

'Yes,' she said, her voice was relatively deep for a woman - he liked that. 'He was captured by your men during a skirmish yesterday, by the ford.'

Aulus said, 'Ah,' aware of the skirmish in question. 'It is only justice that he has been taken prisoner then. He has betrayed the agreement so recently made between my Emperor and his king.'

She took a bold mouthful of the wine, and swallowed it without grimacing. She said, 'You must release him, I beg you.'

Aulus gave a low chuckle, and said, 'Must I? But madam - he was fairly captured in war. I must send him back to Rome to be sold - for the greater glory of Rome, and the Emperor Claudius.'

'What can I offer you, to purchase his release? I am a simple cottager; I have nothing.' As she spoke, her face betrayed her words; her eyes alight with feeling, and for a moment he was shocked at the response that surged through him, his manhood stirring awake with the sudden, pure desire to possess her. 

He stood, and she watched as he came around the table, and took the glass from her hand. He placed it down in front of her. She looked up at him, a lump in her throat. She was conscious of his look running over her, her skin tingling as though his very look was caressing her; she wished he would touch her. 

As though he had heard her thought, he reached out and gently ran his fingers down the sweep of her pale cheek, her skin prickling with pleasure. She looked up into his face and their eyes met; his were a warm brown, dark and deep; she was conscious of a warm pulse gathering between her legs.

He seemed to see the response in her face, for with a slight smile, and a hint of huskiness in his voice, he said, 'I must have you, if you will allow it?'

She stood, an image bursting into her mind of this powerful, masculine man naked in her arms, entering her, thrusting deeply into her; she almost moaned with the force of the thought.

He said gently, 'I will not force you, Sybel.'

With a swift movement, she cast her caution away and turned her body towards his, snaking her arms around his waist and pressing her full length against him as she stood on her toes and kissed the intimidating, handsome face. 

He hesitated for the barest moment, and then returned her kiss, his tongue caressing hers, tickling her lips, which tasted of the wine. It was everything he could do to resist moaning aloud with the intensity of the lust she aroused in him.

His cock responded immediately, rising rigid and throbbing. His hand roamed down over the lithe and supple body that was driving him to the edge; he remembered himself just enough through his lust-fogged thoughts to pick her up, and carry her into the curtained off sleeping area where they would not be interrupted. 

He set her down on the floor, and with almost painful gentleness, he began undressing her. He unlaced her dress, and let it fall; then her underclothes, and her linens. With each layer of fabric, his appreciation grew, for her body was as faultless as he had imagined it might be; his eyes traced the womanly curves of creamy white skin and her delightful breasts -- begging to be suckled, their small pink nipples, hardened with desire. 

He took his hands from her just long enough to remove his own tunic, revealing his muscular, lean body, with a swirl of dark hair on his chest and around his navel, where is led further down, joining the thick hatch around his erect cock. 

He cast the tunic away, and kissed her, while his hands slid down to grasp her round arse. He lifted her onto the camp bed, and lay down beside her, resting on one elbow so that he could look at her gorgeous body, his desire plainly written in his eyes; a frisson of excitement ran through her, waiting for him to touch her. Her pussy was wet and pulsating with desire, making her almost delirious with her need for him.

With great gentleness, he ran a fingertip from her ear, down her neck and across her collarbone, and then down her side, tracing the in curve of her waist, and then the out curve of her hip, where his hand came to rest. He dipped his head to those inviting peaks, taking first one rosy bud then another into his mouth, teasing and sucking at them until she was aquiver with desire; her pussy aching with his nearness, the pressure of his cock against her thigh; she couldn't stop herself pushing her breasts up to meet his mouth, bliss radiating through her whole body.

He luxuriated in the scent of her skin and the subtle smell of flowers that came from the golden hair that was spread out over his pillow. 

His hand ran down to her sex, and with remarkably gentle fingers, he opened her slit, and pressed his fingers into the warm darkness. He groaned as he felt how wet and ready she was.

He met her eyes for a moment -- her pupils dilated with her desire, her breathing uneven -- and then he gave her a smile before kissing his way slowly downwards. He shifted himself, and opened her legs, gently kissing her inner thighs, and the crease where her legs met her torso; her pussy quivered with equal parts of desire and fear -- no one had ever placed their mouth upon her quim before, but she longed to feel his mouth there. 

With his fingers, he gently opened her; and then she gasped with a wave of pure pleasure as his tongue caressed her clitoris as softly as a feather, gently teasing, before he placed his whole mouth onto her, and began to suck. She moaned with the deep pleasure of the feeling - she could never have imagined such feelings of bliss. With powerful surges from her deepest being, an orgasm began to build in waves of warmth and rapture; her cries increased in volume.

He lifted his head, and for a moment ran his thumb gently across the sensitive hood of her clitoris as he watched her beautiful body stretched out upon his camp bed, writhing, a sheen of sweat upon her skin, each of the tiny sounds she made of deep pleasure drove him closer to losing his control.

He moved upwards, and she looked at him through foggy vision, her voice thick with need as she gasped, 'Oh no, no. Please don't stop!'

He smiled and kissed her on the mouth as he positioned himself over her. He crooked her legs up, and she wriggled her hips into position, looking into his eyes, pleading with her look for him to take her -- her pussy was throbbing with need, and sparks of intense bliss shot through her as the head of his penis slid over her swollen and sensitive clitoris, seeking her entrance; and then, with a sudden thrust he plunged into her, grunting with the perfection of the moment. She gasped with the satisfaction of being filled by his rigid cock, and with a moan from the centre of her soul, she felt herself open to him completely, her longing for his seed almost a pain, an ache, a need. 

He had intended to take his time, but the pressure that had been building up in his manhood mounted, and in a moment, he had lost his grip. With skill, he rhythmically drove his turgid manhood into the soft, wet warm quim; he groaned in the back of his throat at the pure bliss of being embraced by her slick tight walls. He was overwhelmed with ecstasy as his strokes became faster, deeper, met at every stroke by her hips, tipped up to take him in as deeply as she could. 

With a blinding crash, they were overwhelmed as one, melting together in a wave of euphoria; his manhood swelling as his orgasm broke, grunting with the pure pleasure of his seed pumping deep into her; and at the same time, the powerful waves of her own blissful explosion throbbing through her pussy, as wave after wave of ecstasy wracked her body. 

For just a moment, they were nothing more than the warm glow of their bodies; the joy, the bliss, the exultation of satisfied lust.

~~~

Aulus gave Sybel privacy to wash and dress herself before she emerged out into the main area of the tent. He had pulled his tunic on, and gone back to his despatches, working with renewed vigour; but when she stepped out, flushed and her eyes gleaming, he stopped and smiled at her. 

He said, 'I have asked Secundus to release your husband. He will meet you at the gate.'

She nodded, reassuming her confident air. 'Thank you,' she said, and with a long, hungry look, was gone.

A few moments later, Secundus stepped into the tent and said, 'They have both left the camp as ordered, General.'

Aulus nodded, and said, 'That'll be all, Centurion.' 

Glancing up, he thought he saw the tail end of a grin on the centurion's face; but Secundus hid it well as he saluted, and went back outside.