 A psychologist finds himself overpoweringly attracted to a client with an addiction to sex with older men. This story has a lot of sex in it but the ending has a real hot twist.

It was not as if he hadn't encountered extreme sexual addiction before. After all he was meant to be an expert in dealing with all kinds of addiction. He had experienced being aroused by a client in the past. He had been engaged on many occasions to counsel attractive clients. He had treated so many models and actors with personality disorders and who were frequently narcissistic that he could barely count. He had made a fortune writing books about some of his more extreme clients. He had managed to control his own attraction and the client's transference to him even when they had tried to seduce him in the small private room where he consulted.

What was different about this client was how she seemed to touch a nerve with his own life problems. At nearly fifty Marcus' own marriage had dissolved in boredom over a year ago and despite his debonair good looks and the endless offers from women of all ages who seemed to stalk a single professional male Marcus still felt the loss of his marriage worse than any bereavement. He was a world class psychologist and prize winning author who specialised in addictive disorders gambling, drugs, alcohol even sex so to the world he had to present an air of control and peace with the world. It was only when she came to see him that his confidence in all this fell apart.

The first time she stepped into his rooms he was dumbstruck, Heidi wasn't just beautiful, she was breathtaking. A petite blond with an almost perpetual teenage figure and youthful quality about her face, but she was neither just a pretty face nor just a luscious body. There was something else about her. She had an angelic quality about her clear smooth complexion that seemed to radiate purity and glow with youth and vitality. Her shoulder length honey-blond hair was like shiny silk and glistened as light caught it. Her blue eyes were large and entrancing and her perfectly proportioned face with pouting, red cupids bow lips and tiny ears and nose was the stuff of mythological descriptions of fairies and goddesses rather than an earthly women. Her body was exquisitely proportioned, rounded with enticing curves and seductive tautness. Full, round, pert breasts spilling from her low cut tops, slender waist, long shapely legs and the kind of cock-achingly deliciously, proportioned pert ass that turned heads and had all eyes glued to her whenever she went.

The first time he saw her he fell hopelessly in lust with her like so many others as he was to discover. Heidi sat opposite him crossing and un-crossing her legs nervously, her movement drawing attention to her short dress and shapely legs. 

'Relax Miss Honeyton you don't have to be nervous of me. I'm here to help.'

Marcus said kindly in his most fatherly tone. She uncrossed her legs and squeezed her knees together and with a relieved expression sank back in the chair.

'Thank you Doctor it's just when you looked at me then I thought well... Its men your age that are my problem, I'm kind of well addicted to having sex with older men and for a moment I started to think I'd like to have sex with you too. Maybe I should have gone to a female Psych only everyone said you were the best. I need your help I'm sorry I am worried about my behaviour. I can't seem to control the urge to...' 

She sighed as if relieved to have let all of her troubles be aired in one long breathless confession. Marcus smiled at her and paused in thought for a moment to reconcile the situation and the feelings he was immersed in. A beautiful young babe who was addicted to fucking the brains out of older men was in his office alone with him. He hadn't had sex for over a year and her presence and revelation was already making him forget his ethics whilst the growth in his pants was thinking independently of his ethical mind anyhow. He cleared his throat and glanced quickly at the wall that held his PhD in clinical psychology and his fellowships and psych society memberships. He took a deep breath.

Miss Honeyton, call me Marc most people do. Do you mind if I call you Heidi?'

She nodded to the affirmative and smiled.

'Now I am going to use hypnosis to relax you and get you to tell me the story of the origin of your behaviour. You will feel better doing it this way. It may take a few sessions but I think we can get to the source of the problem. And in the process I'll also try to help you feel good about yourself and see your behaviour as something you can have some control over.'

He began speaking in the monotone he used for hypnotic induction and he was surprised how easily she slipped into the trance he led her into. 

'Heidi tell me about the first time you had sex with an older man.'

'He was my ex boyfriends father. I had broken up with the boy a few months before and was heartbroken and went to visit him and he wasn't home. I was 19. I had plucked up courage to go and see him again and was totally convinced if I fucked him then we could get back together and by the time I got to his house I had already had sex with him in my imagination a hundred times. I was unbelievably horny. When I got there the object of my desire wasn't there. He was out with his new girlfriend. I'm not quite sure what possessed me but I flirted with his father and we chatted like old friends. He was so sweet and understanding and let me cry on his shoulder. We drank a bit too much wine and then something happened. I must have given him a real signal that I wanted him. He was brushing tears away from my eyes and hugging me and then he said:

' You're such a pretty girl I don't know how Adam could give you up. Oh my, are you thinking what I'm thinking?' 

He put his hand on my waist. I murmured a 'Yes' as he pulled me towards him and rotated me so he was pressed against me from behind. I was as horny as hell and I liked what he was doing to me. He began kissing my naked shoulders and I leaned back as I felt the tingling sensation of the desire I had held for his son. He was athletic 5'10" tall and the kind of blue-eyed innocence of a much younger man. He must have been in his late forties. I felt him press against me and felt the warm growth of his cock against my ass. He moved his hand to my breasts and began fondling them through the soft thin bra and top I wore and teased one of the nipples until it stiffened and pushed against the silk enclosure. His kisses, fondling and hardening cock reducing me to breathless panting. His other hand hoisted my skirt revealing the pink string bikini panties that were gathering dampness as he continued to squeeze my nipple and press against me. 

'God you're a pretty little girl. God I'm so hot for you.' He groaned in my ear. 

His hand slid to my panty front and felt the wetness gathering there and caressed me until I began to shiver. 

'Do you want me?' He panted. 

All I could do was moan as he began to touch my clit through the flimsy panties. I came in moments shivering and panting as he continued to fondle and caress me. One orgasm became another then another he seemed to know just how I liked to be touched and where. 

'I bet you're as tight as a virgin I can't wait to fuck you.' He said.

And with that, he slid my panties aside from behind and began to release his cock to fuck me. We couldn't have waited if we'd wanted to, I was so horny as he hurriedly pulled his aching cock from his pants and guided it into my hot wet pussy. I spread my legs and leaned against the wall as he entered me urgently and fucked me excitedly as I leaned forward against the wall his cock pounding into me from behind, my hair tossing about like a rag doll as he fucked me hard and deep. 

I was in heaven I had never been fucked so immediately and so urgently. My experience with men had only been with boys fondling me in cars and clandestine liaisons on single beds. Mostly they were in a powerful hurry to get inside me a few hot thrusts and then an explosion. This was my first man. After he brought me to a series of orgasms that seemed to blur one into the next he pulled from me and turned me around and fucked me facing me like a pile driver. When he finally came in me I felt his unearthly thickness erupt in me like a volcano my pussy ached for him to explode deep inside me and when he did I held him deep until his erotic moans and shivers subsided. He collapsed on top of me panting and moaning like he'd just won a marathon. For me he had. I wanted to do it with him again. I saw him for quite a while afterwards and we just fucked lots and it was just as good. I still see him occasionally only now I see lots of other guys too! I like the way he made me feel, the passion the urgency and also the tenderness.'

Marcus was nursing a raging hard on after Heidi's session. It seemed that every description of orgasms and fondling she spoke about caused her to touch herself and she had actually orgasmed once during the description. She had reached down and slid her hand beneath her hem and revealed the hot pink bikini panties she wore that were just like the ones she described in her story. They were damp from her excited fingers. Marcus brought her from the trance slowly and made her adjust her clothing before bringing her to consciousness.

'That was quite a session Heidi. I can see how this behaviour started now. It seems to have something to do with you being rejected by other men or losing a relationship. I'm not a Freudian but I have to ask is your father still alive? And did you have a good relationship with him?

'No I'm afraid my father died when I was about 14 and I idolised him so did my mother. You don't think it has something to do with him. He certainly never abused me he was the sweetest man on earth.'

'No, no I'm not trying to suggest that but it may be that you are looking for that kind of solace that kind of fatherly understanding and somehow sex got mixed up with it. People often confuse love and sex and so often intimacy turns into sex when it should perhaps remain just that cuddles.'

Heidi was crying at the memory of her father and Marcus comforted her. 'We've come a long way today Heidi I think we need to continue soon can you make another appointment in the next few days? I like to do intensive contact first and then space it out?'

Heidi agreed to come the next three days in succession. Marcus showed her out and then collapsed in his chair wondering at the feelings he experienced and the overpowering attraction he felt for her. On one hand he wondered how he would survive the next three sessions on the other he longed to see her again.

The next day she arrived dressed in a skin-tight red halter dress that showed her bare shoulders and long shapely legs. It displayed her magnificent breasts to perfection cupping them tightly and plunging low around the delicious halter held together by a single strand of shoestring silk. The dress clung to her like a second skin. In a few moments Marcus had the petite beauty back in the trance that revealed her history unfold like a long erotic story.

"I met my next older man at a party. I was 20. I had just broken up with my boyfriend and I was a little bit drunk. I had known this guy as a client at work and then met him at a girl friends party. I think getting off with me was the last thing on his mind I had to encourage him. I had been horny as hell all day. I get like that when I'm not in a relationship and I normally masturbate but that night I felt like the real thing and I was determined to get it. Somehow an older man seemed like a safe option for a no strings attached fuck. I was quite overt about it I had been flirting and teasing him all night. I made sure he got the best views of my rising hemline and could ogle my boobs on countless occasions. When the time came when I had encouraged him to take me for a walk in the garden we stopped and I turned around and I simply leaned forward and began caressing the short hair at the nape of his neck, kissed him sweetly and whispered seductively in his ear. 

'I happen to like older men a lot. They are so gentlemanly but when a girl kisses you like this it means it is Ok to touch her. You can stop being a gentleman and start being my lover. It means you can touch me if you like, I know you want to.'

We kissed wetly and he held me like I longed to be held, pressing hard against me/ His hands struggled to caress me. I could feel he desperately wanted to touch me and when his hand cupped my ass cheek I panted in his ear in an encouraging moan. 

'Mmmmmm yes.' I let him enjoy the subtle warmth of my ass and felt his hand disappear beneath my short hem and feel the soft shiny surface of my panty clad buns. His other hand more confidently found the exposed flesh of my breasts as he cupped one and squeezed the nipple through the bra and top. All the time my kisses grew more excited and more urgent. I took his hand from my breast and kissed the fingertips sweetly and guided it to front of my panties so he could feel the dampness erupt there and as if in automatic pilot he found himself masturbating me as I leaned forward and kissed him sweetly again. He felt the tingling sensation that drove him to shiver with passion once more. 

I could tell he felt his cock awaken as if from a dream and every blood vessel fill with blood and thrill and the excitement of my wetness and kisses. The spine tingling thrill of my fingernail tickling his neck sent him into a cold sweat of deep want and he slid his hand onto my breasts feeling the nipples harden as he cupped them eagerly. He wanted me badly. 

'You really are quite special. I like the way you look at me. You make me feel so good. I want to make you feel good too, better than good. I want to show you I appreciate you. I want to make love to you. Would you like that honey? Take me home and make love to me.' 

He broke from the embrace and we found his car and drove to my apartment as fast as we could. In the car I leaned against him and whispered in his ear and kissed his neck as he drove. I reached my hand down and touched his swollen pants. 

"Oh my you are so big now I can't wait to play with it and feel it inside me." 

I fondled his hugeness and unzipped him unfurling his cock, stroking constantly. He was big I could barely get my hand around it and stroked it until he began to pant. By the time we reached the apartment and had kissed urgently in the elevator and again at the doorway he was delirious with passion. 

We tore at one another's clothing until all that remained were my bikini panties. He reached down to them and felt my moist fold through the sheer silken fabric until it was drenched with the moisture of my arousal and I was begging him to fuck me with his fingers. He inserted first one then two fingers into me. Feeling my hot tight cunt squirt and the walls close tightly round his fingers as I moaned in pleasure and screamed for more. He slid more fingers into my tight pussy he wanted to make me cum over and over again and repeatedly teased and masturbated me. He had an all-consuming desire to taste more of me. I could tell he was very excited almost on the edge of cumming and as my own pleasure grew in intensity he found his own desire grow exponentially. I kissed him urgently.

'Eat my hot wet pussy baby. Make me cum hard. Make me so hot for you I scream for it!'

For Marcus it was as if he was the man in her description it was so real. AS she spoke in the room each time she described the man touching her she touched herself. Fondling her breasts through the fine dress fabric and thrusting her fingers at her exposed panties until they were damp. 

Marcus loved the sound of her voice talking dirty, urging the man in the story to please her urging him to push his long thick cock into her must have occupied every fantasy he had. This lucky guy was fucking a young beauty whose body dripped sexual allure, whose exquisite breasts and ass trembled beneath his caress and whose super tight cunt begged him to feast on her spectacular ambrosia. It was like he was a voyeur witnessing her whole sexual history. No longer was he in the plush office with the sexually addicted beauty but he was watching her seduce this older man. An older man he wished so much to trade places with.

Heidi described in some detail how he gently kissed her sopping wet panty-covered pussy with such restraint that she shivered with each touch of his lips and he sucked at her folds tenderly through the sheer fabric until she began to tremble in desire, pulling the delicate silk aside. How he kissed her clit with a touch so gentle she began to cum and flickered his tongue around it until the orgasms intensified and squirted her sweet ambrosia into his face. How he greedily swallowed her nectar savouring her taste and scent as it coursed through his senses and intoxicated him. She described every aspect of how he slid his tongue vigorously around her folds parting them and lancing his tongue into her tiny hole letting the copious juices run down the crack between her legs. She continued to tease the nape of his neck sending chills though him as she ground his face to her succulent vulva. He thrust fingers in her once more as he suckled her erect clitoris greedily imbibing her mouth-watering honeyed juice intoxicating him until he could stand barely stand the desire that filled him. His cock was bursting with desire. 

She described how he could barely drag himself away from the sweet delight of her sexual perfume, her succulent tastes and the pleading cries from her perpetual orgasms. He wrenched himself from her pussy and kissed her tenderly once more. 

'Do you want to fuck my hot tight lil' pussy darling? Mmmmmm baby I'm aching to have that big old cock inside me. Yummy, yummy I want you to fuck me sooooooo much.' 

She told how he spread her legs and looked at her beautiful blue eyes glistening with passion, she smiled and reached down to slide her panties aside and beckon him to her. Every detail was like a movie of her sexual life in graphic detail.

Heidi reached down and held his cock and guided it to the drenched folds of her hot shaved pussy. He swirled the tip around her clit and labia until she began to shudder with pleasure and his tip was glistening with her moisture. He pressed it against her tiny tight opening and she winced a little breathing rapidly, then holding her breath until she relaxed a little then he pushed a little further into her and he paused and then withdrew a little pushing the head of his cock into her and out of her in short strokes. She began to get increasingly excited as he increased the tempo of his sexy rhythm. Her juices began to spurt with excitement. He kissed her tenderly and she resumed touching his neck with her fingernail. He caressed her breasts lovingly; pinching the nipple hard until she winced from the pain each stroke inside her went deeper and deeper until he encountered the resistance of her super tight opening. The pleasure of her youthful pussy closing around his aching cock like a soft wet vice. She gasped and shouted. 

"FUCK ME I WANT YOU INSIDE ME!" 

He pushed into her hard until his distended cock slid deep into her velvet wetness. She squealed in pleasure as his throbbing tip touched her cervix and he thrust into her deep and within moments she was having a spectacular orgasm. Her pussy erupted like a volcano spurting hot fluid and clamping around his engorged cock like a vice. She screamed like a banshee and bucked furiously at his pounding cock. She bit his neck hard and raked his back with her fingernails like an alley cat on heat. He felt her hand caress his balls and fondle them; her fingernails grazed his swollen pouch sending tingles of electricity through him igniting every nerve ending with the intensity of her pleasure. Her cunt gripped him like a moist friendly hand and she urged him to fuck her harder and faster. He teased her to the edge of orgasm time and time again only to withdraw from her until she was begging for his return and each time he did he plunged deeper and harder into her until she exploded in fits of screaming, bucking gyrating orgasms. 
