 She arrived fashionably late again, wagging her wicked tongue and wanting to be naughty. I nicely declined the offer of her advances as she strutted into my office and wrapped her arms around my neck. But before I loosened the tight tie from my shirt, she turned and pinned her gyrating flesh of her soft body against me, sensually grinding her hips on my crotch as her mouth nailed kiss after sweet kiss on my lips. She stopped only for a moment, to breathe and to suck the ridged tip of her long nail wet. The delicious incense of her intoxicating body surrounded my already confusing senses, nearly keeping the interrogating words from slipping out of my drying lips.

“So, what is it this time? Bag boy asked paper or plastic, and you offered him a condom?” 

Feigning me a look of innocence upon her girlish teenage like face, she grinned as her eyes persuaded me to stop asking questions and just fuck her. 

“I want my present.”

My mind definitely felt fucked. Gasping, I asked, “What’s wrong with staying in here to get it?”

She looked around as the lashes of her bangs covered her sexually induced face. In the corner the heater murmured quietly radiating heat throughout the entire office. 

"Nothing. I just don’t feel like breaking out some coconuts and wearing some Hawaiian shirts."

“I kind of like my tropical seclusion, thank you.”

“Well, you’ve been in the office all day and you’re beginning to look a little tan.”

Slipping out of my grasps, she swirled on her dainty feet and moved like an agile ballerina. I smiled as though she performed for only me, and I clapped when she landed superbly on her toes.

“Very good.”

“I get better with time. And you will too. Besides, you’ll like the way the cold fills your lungs.”

I looked out the window, watching the insane groups of tightly wound people zip about, all bundled up churning with the attitude of bitter chapped lips. Caught between this woman and my deviant imagination running wild, I wondered which was worse: her or the cold.

I sighed, and turned toward her, raising my eyebrows a bit, “Yeah, like the flu.”

***

The uneven season mustered the sudden cold and created the spectacle of the fleeting flakes of new snow outlining the city, turning it into an opaque tint of white gray. The wind barked across the park with cold calculation and swept a downdraft toward the branches of the brittle trees. Despite the harsh weather, her warming sexuality flickered at my senses and I felt like a hormonal teenage lover caught on the very verge of deviant behavior, playfully alone with her and the far-reaching spaces of a nearly empty park. Even now, as the sun sunk behind the ghostly dead of trees, the shadows gathered speed creeping along the chilled ground toward an a somewhat intimate introduction.

Apparently, the cold barely fazed her for the light dress she wore for the occasion barely covered the sight of her plump rump rounding beautifully from behind her. I only imagined how the outlines of two perfectly position globes rolled from one cheek to the other, accentuated by the tone in her tight thighs.

I stop to face her for the second time, gazing my eyes upon the juicy red of her lips painted against the warm white of her pale face. In the dull-lit lights, I made out the reflection of the soft glow in her eyes striking a piercing look right at me like the winter making a seasonal visit with excited predictability. Her mouth broke into a silent grin, and I returned with a nervous smile, looking away too shy to say anything else.

But she cuddled even deeper against my chest where I felt her fleshy charms and the call of her cleavage very close to me. The pair held its own heaving form from deep within the V-cut draw of her dress and the fullness of her bosom floated nearly effortlessly, defying the very laws of physics for the pleasure of my own sexual whims. Playfully, she tussled my hair, oblivious to where my eyes crept. When the temperature dropped further, we moved briskly; I matched her pace for pace like a partner dancing something extraordinarily intricate. Smiling, she parted the fullness of her lips slightly, her breath forming a circular cloud. 

***

Our bodies burned hot now, already rising into a feverous pitch when she suddenly slipped another kiss upon me. Surprised, I stopped and returned the gesture, feeling the murmur of her breath move down to our restless heartbeats. Excitedly, I grasped the handles of her rounded hips, with my lingering tongue excitedly twirling about her lips with wanton expression.

She latched another kiss, even tighter than before, sucking around the fat part of my mouth as though she tried to drain the color of the flesh from it. Every so often I heard her flaring nostrils, the moment when she took each of my breaths as if it were one of her own.

The muscles of her tongue worked on their own accord, wonderfully pressing on with delicate precision and inquisitive intrusion; the flexing probe ran over and under the grill of my teeth and pushed further till I felt the backside of her muscle form a ball sized knot in the far reaches of my throat. 

Then, quickly as the wind changed direction, she broke the mood. I stood confused before her, my quizzical face wondering if I indeed crossed the line with my deliberate action. Her face blushed, her dimpled cheeks revealing a shy smile cornering from her lips. 

“Do you always kiss the girls like that?”

I asked, “How do you mean?

“Don’t be coy, like you just did.”

“Like this?”

Aggressively feeling a new power, I tilting her head slightly and executed the same kiss as before; the familiar grasp of locking lips curled into a twisting pattern and I tasted the subtle flavor seeping from her tongue to mine.

Breathlessly, she spoke, “Mmmm. Yes, like that.”

I took the initiative to let my hands wander, exploring her. The delicate operation of my fingers parted the threads of her dress further causing her to jump when she felt the cold air touch her skin. She grabbed my shoulders, pulling me into her and I pressed my palms willingly, till the bra no longer contained them; they slipped out, the exposed view of large nipples, browned and pebbled tips stiff, begging for the action of a mouth upon them. Out came my tongue and I moved with a whisper soft touch, caressing the cream color of her ample charms while adjusting to the contours of her breasts that fit nicely within my grasp. With her eyes closed, she took in the moments to accept the sensations rushing her body like a natural high that flushed the color in her face with embarrassing pleasure. 

“Wait.”

I halted, looking half gazed at her making out the red marks of where my mouth once splashed wet upon her chest. Restlessly panting, her eyes jumped about the darkness looking for something to catch her eye. I continued unflinching to distract her into feeling comfortable, pecking openly at the nape of her neck.

“Come.” 

Gathering some control, she clung to her tattered clothing and beckoned to me, and I followed briskly through the outlining trees.

***

The ground jutted unevenly as we walked upon an area where the roots surfaced from the ground, the moon peeking from the spots where the branches weren’t dense. Secluded from watching eyes, she eased to face me, presenting me with another of her lovely kisses.

“Why did you ask me to stop?” I asked in between breaths when plausible.

“I heard something.”

“And? This is a park. Why, are you nervous?”

“Smart-ass. And no, I’m not, but we don’t have much time”

Quickly, she pushed me till I felt the stabbing edge of bark grind against my back. The intense desire of her wants growled hungrier than before, much like instincts of animals tapping into the primitive carnal wants. Methodically she went after it, her fingers fumbling with the metallic grinds of an unrelenting zipper around my crotch, desperately waiting to feel the tight and rigid form of my body.

Looking up at me with want, she mouthed, “I – I want to see it.”

I returned her excited demeanor with a cocksure smile. Here, kneeling in the darkness of a public park, a woman with pure purpose and concentration fought the numbness of her chilled fingers and used what was left at the tips to feel her way around her obstacles. I held back my own apparent pleasure, lifting my ass to give her access to the bulge pulsating under the threads of my boxers; I waited patiently for her to grip it like a new toy on Christmas. Slowly, surely, as each layer of clothing spread, I was soon exposed to her; first the head arrived, peeking just above the band and the rest of the cock followed soon after. At last, I felt the intensity of both hot and the cold swirl around the shaft as her reward, her prize stood attentively to greet her.


At that moment, her lips rounded instantly.

***

Quickly she revealed her good intentions, wrapping her mouth around as the saliva trickled down my shaft like slick syrup sweetened by patience and by time. She feed nicely upon the rod, licking the sac with an anxious tongue before she forced herself upon the head, controlling the gag reflex like a pro. With furious want, she milked the organ as it pulsed and throbbed upon the roof of her mouth. 

I so badly wanted to stroke and watch her squirm, to make her smile nervously as she trembled knowing I was the one resting my hand on the inside of her thigh. Or even better, poke my fingers on the inside curl of her pussy lips. She would definitely quiver at my shaking intrusion till she found herself giving into the delicious pleasure one could have, leaving her silently screaming through the whole ordeal. 

But now, caught within the confines of a woman giving head, she moved faster and tighter, encouraging me with her sexed mouth. I began thrusting up to meet the way she sucked me in, clutching her head in the process. I matched the bellowing wind howling as low as my moans deep, and soon the familiar feeling inched ever farther up my cock head with record speed. 

“I’m going to cum.”

She took a moment to slip off my cock and lick the residue of spit from the corners of her mouth with her long tongue.

“Remember, you promised.”

Taking my nodding as reassurance, she resumed her position underneath the canopy of trees, where I watched the glory in which she worked. Carefully she griped the throbbing piece again, gently kneading the sac in her palms while she licked a bit more of the head; the sucking action created enough pressure from her mouth that it contracted around my thickening shaft, enlarging the tool to its full potential. Coupled by the combination of her gritting teeth and lull of her tongue turned what was a cool winter nookie of a quickie into a mind expanding tantalized feeling of intimate pleasure akin to being high.

And she definitely smoked it hard, her face now reddening with the fullness of the sounds of a yuletide holiday tune in her mouth; her breath forming into puffy misty clouds, they themselves rising to the occasion. I motioned enough of my ass into a rhythmic form in following her that I hadn’t known that the first pulse jettisoned from the head and squirted in a long stream down her throat.

Despite difficulty breathing, she continued on with her cause and I heard the familiar wet of a buttered mouth suck even harder than before; I let her swallow as I promised as the muscles of her throat now relaxed making it easier for her to take it down with ease. When my once rigid cock limped into submission right out her mouth, her disheveled appearance shone through and the look of hypnotized contentment washed upon her face. 

Straightening up from precarious position, I felt the sounds of her tightened thighs pop and the genuine smile return ready for more.

“Could you please?”

“Of course.”

Generally, the cold bothered me, but my sweating back told me otherwise. Still, I returned the same contented reason for our happiness when I gave her those few precious moments to fix herself rightly. Her fingers went directly to straightening the curls of her brown hair and the dress and while not quite straight itself, it brought the most presentable look despite the circumstances.

I too zipped up, posting a sign, “Do Not Open Till Christmas” or until the urge hits us both again. I knew that idea wasn’t going to last long.

“Well, shall we?”

And as she turned to plant one on me till the evening, I stopped her short of giving me another kiss and sweet nothings. I instead handing her a folded handkerchief I pulled from my jacket for good measure.

“Merry Christmas baby. But you might want to clean up the rest of it before it gets all crusty.”

She smiled. “Smart-ass.”