 I saw him nearly every night. He was over 6 feet tall, big muscled, and always tired. Usually, he wore a base ball hat turned backwards on his head. I guessed him to be around 30, maybe 35. He was handsome and very manly. Every night during the week, I’d see him walk to the subway station. I usually called a cab. I hate to get off work at 3:00 in the morning and then deal with the subway. After about three weeks of watching him wander down into the subway, I decided it was time to follow him. He deserved something a little special in his life. At least, that’s what I thought.


For background... I’m sexy. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not bragging. I’m just sexy. In heels, I’m about 5’7”, long jet black hair, latin coloring, chocolate brown eyes, and a curvy body that can stop traffic. My body is my business. I’m an exotic dancer at one of the better clubs in town. I love to dance and I love to meet people. Being a dancer is perfect. 


It was early morning on Wednesday. I stepped out of the club wearing a long black overcoat and three inch heels. I hate to change before I leave. Looking towards the subway station, I watched for my early morning companion. Sure enough, he was just heading down into the tunnel. Tonight’s hat was a NY Mets hat. Grasping the collar of my coat, I walked towards the tunnel and headed down to the station. I watched him pay at the turnstyle and then head towards his car. I paid and followed. The station was pretty empty. I was surprised. I didn’t think the subway was ever slow.


The train came and stopped. When the doors slid open, he stepped in and took a seat on the side. Hurrying, I stepped into the same car and sat down. No one else got on the car when the doors slid close. It was just the two of us. 


I looked at him and smiled. He really was a handsome man. He was wearing a leather jacket that was open. His black t-shirt underneath was tight across his chest. His jeans were a little dirty and his boots were covered in mud. He looked like a man that worked hard. Standing, I grabbed hold of a pole and leaned against it.


“You take the train all the time. I see you at night. Is it always this empty?”


He looked at me, a little surprised that I had said something.


“Yeh, I’m usually all by myself for the whole trip. No one takes this route this time of night.”


“Mmm, I didn’t know that. Maybe I’ll start taking it more often. I get off at night around this time too.”


He was watching me, wondering what I was talking about, why I was talking. I leaned my head back, arching away from the pole, letting my hair swing down my back. I was grabbing the pole in my two hands, steadying myself. When I leaned forward again, my coat opened a little. I wandered around the pole so I was leaning my back against it. He was watching me. I smiled and slowly unbuttoned my coat. It swung open. His eyes went to my body. Under my coat, I was wearing a blue g-string, that’s it.


“When I get off work, I’m usually a little antsy. Lots of energy.”


I have no idea if he heard me. His eyes were glued to my body. I felt myself getting really excited. I went back around the pole and slowly slipped my coat down off my shoulders and onto the seat behind me. Lifting my leg up, I wrapped it around the pole and leaned back again. Using my other leg, I slowly lowered myself down the pole, rubbing my g-string-covered pussy against the pole. I was wet.


“Mmmm, I love the way that feels. Rubbing against something hard feels so good.”


I really had his attention now. He hadn’t said a word, but his eyes never left me. I looked at his jeans and he had a huge bulge growing in his crotch. Oh yea, I was definitely glad I took the subway tonight. 


The train was still moving along, no stops along the route. I had no idea where we were going or how long but I didn’t really care. I rubbed myself against the pole again, wrapping my leg tighter around it and rubbing my tits against it. I swung around and leaned back against it again. I ran my hands down my body, massaging my tits, squeezing my nipples. Skimming my hands down my stomach, I grabbed hold of my g-string and tugged on it, pulling it up against my slit. I moaned and ground myself against it. 


Running my finger down between my legs, I dipped the tip of my finger just inside my wet pussy. I leaned over, my breasts bouncing down, swinging from side to side, as I slipped my wet finger between my lips and sucked on it. I sucked on my finger as I walked towards him. Straddling his legs, I sat on his lap, bracing my hands on his shoulders. Without saying a word, I bucked my hips, rubbing myself against his jeans. He felt rough and hard. Reaching down between us, I cupped his groin and squeezed. He moaned and closed his eyes. Unzipping his jeans, I slid my hand inside and wrapped my fingers around his growing cock. He felt huge. 


I stood and turned around, my back to him. Sliding my ass down his chest, I rubbed against him and then sat on his lap, bucking my hips, grinding my pussy against his groin. I stood up again, leaning forward and grabbing hold of the pole right in front of him. Leaning over, my ass was in his face. I swiveled my hips, moving my ass in small circles. Reaching down between my legs, I pulled my g-string again, letting him watch as the material slid across my pussy lips. Resting my shoulder against the pole, I used both hands to slowly slide my g-string down. I was naked with only my heels on. 


I grabbed hold of the pole again and pushed back against him. Finally, his hands came up and grabbed my ass. His hands were rough and he squeezed hard on my ass, pulling my cheeks apart. I moaned when I felt his tongue slide between my cheeks and then down to my pussy. His tongue licked me fast, his tongue pushing inside me. Reaching down between my legs, I opened my pussy for him and let him drill his tongue inside me. My pussy was dripping wet, his tongue making me even wetter. 


In and out, his tongue pushed against me. I moaned again when I felt him push the tips of three fingers inside my pussy. His fingers were thick and opened me wide. His tongue kept licking me as his fingers fucked me. I was so close to cumming. He moved his tongue up to my ass and rolled it around my tight hole. His fingers kept working my pussy. I moaned as he spit on my asshole and then slowly pushed the tip of his finger inside my ass. His tongue and three fingers kept pumping my pussy and now his other finger was drilling my ass. I grabbed tighter onto the pole and moaned as my orgasm shook me. His mouth covered my pussy and sucked me clean. 


I turned and faced him, my face flush and my eyes lit with excitement. My breathing was fast and my breasts moved up and down with each breath. I leaned over, pulling his cock from his jeans. He was so big and so hard. His uncircumcised cock was throbbing. Pushing the foreskin down with my fingers, I rolled my tongue around his exposed head. He moaned and nearly came up off the seat. Pumping his cock with my fingers, I licked the tip of his cock, teasing him. Holding him up, I licked the underside and then rolled my tongue around him again. Finally, I wrapped my lips around the tip and pushed down slowly, sucking him hard. He moaned and grabbed my head, pushing me down on his rock hard cock. 


He tasted sweaty and salty. I sucked harder and harder, rolling my tongue around him, lifting my mouth up and then pushing back down again. I spit on the tip of his cock and then pushed my fingers down the length of him, working his tool. My nails slid down the shaft and my teeth nibbled on the tip. I couldn’t stand it. I stood and turned my back to him. Slowly, I lowered my pussy down on his cock, the tip shoving itself up inside me. He was so big and I was so tight. He moaned and grabbed my hips pulling me down on him harder. I reached out and grabbed hold of the pole again and used it to push and pull me up and down on his cock.


He reached up and grabbed my bouncing tits, squeezing them together and holding on for dear life. I bounced up and down on his cock, pulling all the way up and off of him and then impaling myself on him again. He grunted and met me stroke for stroke. My pussy tightened and I shook, my orgasm coming all over his cock. I lifted myself up and turned, dropping to my knees. Taking his cum covered cock in my mouth, I sucked myself from him, thrusting his cock down my mouth and to my throat. He bucked his hips up and met my mouth, fucking my mouth. He moaned, grunted and then his cock erupted in my mouth. His cum filled my mouth and I swallowed every last drop. He tasted so good. 


Timing is everything and as we slowly gathered ourselves together, the train came into the station. I pulled my coat on. He tucked his cock back in his jeans, picked up my g-string and shoved it in his pocket. He took my hand and led me off the train. I went with him, not knowing where we were going. He led me up a set of stairs and into a small house. He opened and closed the door, pushing me against the wall. His hands opened my coat and he dropped to his knees in front of me. His mouthed covered my pussy and he licked me. I moaned and pushed myself against the wall. He brought me to another quick orgasm. 

Finally, he lifted me and carried me over his shoulder into the bedroom. Tossing me on the bed, he smiled and stripped out of his clothes. Naked, he was amazing. His cock was hard again and he drilled it into my hot pussy over and over again. We both came quickly then slept.


Every night, I take the subway with Hank and we always get started before the train leaves the station. I’m thinking of bringing one of my girlfriends from the club with me. I think Hank would really enjoy that ride.