 I woke early in the morning convinced the tease with Megan was a time bomb waiting to explode. How could it possibly not be a disaster? She is simply too young and volatile. I thought my mind was made up. 

Yet after my second cup of coffee my only plan was to tell her the truth. Absurd, right? There had to be a better way. Some kind of lie that would make things easier for the both of us. Not that my feelings were decisive, a part of me still wanted a chance with Megan, I just couldn't think of a way to disarm the bomb and let the tease keep ticking. 

I was staring distractedly into my coffee when my phone buzzed. A text had arrived. At first I assumed it must be from Megan, I just don't get a lot of text messages before seven in the morning, but the number was new and her name was not attached.

"Hi, David. Can we talk?"

"I guess so. Who are you?" I texted back.

"Sorry. I'm sorry. It's Amber."

"Ok, sure. We can talk. When?"

"I'm at your door!"

With texting it's usually curt and to the point. I was sitting on my couch in the living room. Only about five steps later I was opening the door.

Amber was crying. And dressed in the same tan knit dress from the night before.

"I'm sorry, David. Can I come in?" 

I let her in and walked with her over to the couch. She sat down, crossing her legs, and I saw one of her knees was scraped, not badly, but there was some dried blood.

"First off, I don't want to bother you, I know it's early. But last night was horrible," she said. "I can't go home. Not like this."

"Are you okay? What happened?"

"You have to help me, David. I need a plan."

"I'm not very good with plans," I said. "I've been trying to come up with one of my own this morning."

"David! This is serious!"

"Okay. I'm sorry. What's going on?" 

"I was almost arrested last night!"

Short version of a long story: Amber and three girlfriends made the long drive down to Pepperdine, where they all go to school, for a party at Amber's ex-boyfriend's frat house, major drama ensues, and on the drive back, the driver, her best friend Alison, gets pulled over and arrested for DUI, the car is impounded, and Amber and the other two girls are cited for open containers before being released. Amber feels her life is now over as her license will be suspended and her mother will ground her for the rest of the summer.

"I don't think your license will get suspended for an open container ticket, Amber, you're of age and you weren't driving. Alison yes, almost for sure, but I think you just have to pay a fine."

"Well, I already lied to my mom," Amber said. "I called her at three in the morning. I told her I was at Alison's house, she lives in Santa Barbara, and that she was too tired to drive me home so I was going to stay with her and come home in the morning."

"So, what kind of plan do you need?"

"I just need to strategize. I need to know what to say when I get home."

"You mean, what kind of lie to tell?"

"No. I don't want to lie anymore. I just need to know what to say and what not to say. How to make what happened sound better."

Amber said her mom usually gets up about eight, so she would text her then, letting her know everything was fine and that she would be home by ten, thereby giving her almost three hours to call her friends and get everybody on the same page with what to tell all the parents. 

"Can I stay here till I go home?" Amber pleaded.

I told her not to worry she could stay if she wanted. I asked if she was hungry. She said she was famished so we decided she should go upstairs, get cleaned up and take a shower, while I fixed us both breakfast. I told her to use whatever she needed from the medicine cabinet and that I had just put out clean towels yesterday. 

"You're a lifesaver, David." 

She leaned over, kissed me on the cheek, then stood up and headed for the stairs. I watched her walk: her four-inch heels accentuating all her curves, arching her back and encouraging her firm breasts to poke even further up and out, the heels lifted her bottom, gave her hips a gentle sway, and hyper-feminized her already long, toned and supple legs. Amber has great calves, the muscles flexed with every step. 

She knocks that dress out, I thought, now watching her climb the stairs with her looking back at me smiling. Then she was gone. I wasn't kidding last night when I told her she wore it well. I couldn't imagine a body, any body, wearing it better. I thought about the chaos she must have caused at her frat party last night, the hearts she must have broken.

I brewed a fresh pot of coffee and made scrambled eggs with hash browns and toasted pugliese bread. It's a great Italian bread so I thought Amber may have had it before and liked it. She came into the kitchen with one of my towels wrapped around herself and tucked in snug at her armpit. She had band-aids criss-crossed on her knee.

"That smells yummy," she said. "I feel so much better."

"We'll eat and then figure out what you want to do." 

"Thanks for everything, David. I don't know where I would be if you weren't home."

After breakfast Amber went upstairs to dress. I don't know what I said but she gave me a sexy pout before she went. I was on my fourth cup of coffee of the morning. It's usually just two or three for the entire day. I think all that caffeine added to my nerves. I held up my hand and it was shaking. The reality though was that Amber made me nervous. I was thinking back to yesterday and I couldn't get the image of her undressing by the pool out of my head. 

I looked up and watched her come back down in her dress and heels and then she joined me on the couch. The morning sunlight was shining in the front widows and casting an iridescent sheen to her dress and a pearlized glow to her skin. She casually slipped one heel off her foot, and settled in right next to me, one leg tucked underneath her bottom as she sat, her knee pressing against my leg. It was still not yet eight o'clock so we had a few hours before she had to be home. 

"I feel so overdressed," Amber said. "I mean, it being morning like this and in your house and all."

"I love that dress," I blurted out. Then smiled sheepishly.

"You're so sweet." 

She reached over and held my hand. 

"I'm surprised you're being so nice to me, Amber."

"Why? Why wouldn't I?"

"Well, you know, yesterday. At the window?"

"So? I was out there too. I was showing off, David. I was trying to be a bad girl. But, I'm a good girl David. I really am."

"You knew I was watching you?"

"Not at first. Then I thought I heard something. After that, I just knew you were there. I don't know. I felt it. That's really why I did what I did."

"Well, I don't know what I was doing. It's just that I've been alone for awhile now. I think I've gotten into some bad habits. Sort of lost my way."

"You don't have to explain anything. I decided last night at dinner that I like you. You're funny and shy and, you know, everything else," she said, blushing.

She looked into my eyes for a moment and smiled, then without another word she leaned over and kissed me. First on the cheek and then full on the mouth. 

"I do like you, David. I mean, I really like you," she whispered. 

She snuggled in closer still and we kissed again. She smelled like ivory soap and tasted like tangerines. She paused at my mouth, showing me the gum between her teeth, and then made a little show of swallowing it, and laughed out loud. Then she kissed me again with eagerness and passion, actually moaning into my mouth, and then she was on top of me, straddling me, her dress cinched up on her hips.

"I've wanted this all morning," Amber said, loudly. "This better be happening. Tell me it's happening."

"It's happening," I told her. "But you do the talking. And don't take your dress off. I want you in your dress."

Even as I said it, I was slipping the bra-like straps from her shoulders, dragging them down her arms, the fabric from the delicate lacy cups catching on her hard nipples before falling free. She was fuller than Megan but just as firm, 34C mounds of perfect flesh. Amber arched herself back, showing herself off, her nipples a rosy brown with tiny little red bumps scattered around the areoles. I was squeezing and kneading into her breasts, coaxing imaginary milk to squirt out for me.

Her whole demeanor had changed. From soft, now to sultry and demanding. She told me not worry about her doing the talking. If she wanted to, she told me, she could make me cum just by talking. She told me she could make me squirt in her face just by leaning in close and talking to my cock. 

"I can be a dirty talker, David," Amber said. "The best dirty talker ever. You have no idea! I just love that you want me talk to you," she smiled, but her voice was shaking. "This is just pretend, though. I like to pretend I'm a dirty girl, but I'm really not, okay?"

She thumped me in the chest with the palm of her hand before I could answer. It was playful, but it startled me. Her eyes were blazing. Liquid, deep green eyes.

"I'm a good girl, David," she said, with some teasing menace to her voice. "Tell me I'm a good girl."

"I think you're the best girl I've ever seen, Amber."

"I'm not wearing panties," she said. Everything she was saying now was loud and forceful. "I never put them back on after my shower. I knew we were going to fuck, David. I knew it the minute I walked in the door."

I didn't say anything. What was there for me to say? I liked to hear her talk. I loved the way she was talking. I pushed the hem of her sexy little dress up further above her hips, it was all bunched together now, a six-inch swath of fabric bunched up high around her waist. 

She lifted herself away from straddling me, and with her knees pressed into the cushions of the couch, she reached down and unzipped my shorts. Then she stood up, slipping off her other shoe, her sexy dress falling crumpled to the floor. She stepped out of it and tugged my shorts down and off. She threw them across the room.

"What are you doing, David? Help me get you naked!"

I unbuttoned my shirt and took it off.

"Do we need protection?" I managed to say. "I have some upstairs."

"Thanks, you're sweet," she said, suddenly much softer now, almost tenderly. "I have my diaphragm so I'm all ready to go. Don't I look like I'm ready? Doesn't my bare little pussy look like its ready, David? Doesn't my pussy look ready to be fucked? I told you. I knew this was happening. Now please, just help me with your boxer briefs, you're all hard in there, I just want to get it out."

I lifted my hips off the cushion and she stretched the elastic waistband up and over my erection, my cock springing out and pointing up at the ceiling as full and hard as I've ever seen it. Amber pulled my briefs completely off, tossing them aside with a smirk and a giggle. Then she knelt naked on the floor between my legs.

"I love your cock, baby," she cooed. "It's beautiful. I just love everything about it! And you've groomed it so nice and clean for me! It looks so suckable. So hard and ready to be sucked."

She gently started running a finger up and down the shaft, then slowly up again, swirling her finger around the head, then pinching at it and pulsing it with all the tips of her fingers and her thumb, over and over, in rhythm with my heartbeat. I was so hard, my cock so stiff with blood, she could feel my pulse and she was working along with it, then rolling her palm on the tip, now slippery with precum.

She was being even softer now, her voice dreamy and whispering.

"Don't cum on me yet," she said, talking to my cock, her lips just an inch or two away. "You have to stay hard for me. You're such a hard fucker! I could wrap both hands around you and you'd still poke out at me. Be nice to me. I have so many naughty plans for you."

I put my hands at each side of her head as much as anything to steady myself, and then I was rubbing at her temples with my thumbs and forefingers, the other fingers of each hand moving through her blond hair, messaging her scalp. 

"Mmmm, that feels so good, baby. I wish we could go like this all day."

Then she looked at me. She gave me a sexy snarl with her lips. The diamond piercing at the corner of her mouth sparkled.

"I'm a good girl, David," Amber said, looking up at me. "Tell me I'm a good girl for you. The best girl for you."

I told her she was sweetest girl ever. The best possible girl for me.

"I'm so wet, David," her voice now edging harder again. "I've been so wet for so long now. Ever since I got out of the shower I've been burning up inside and so ready to be fucked. I stood there in your bedroom looking at the bed. I knew then I wanted to be laid out and fucked hard on your bed."

I looked up the stairs and wondered how to make the move to get her there.

"I have to talk like this," Amber said, her green eyes piercing into mine. "It gives me the courage I need. Look at me, I'm trembling, I'm tingling inside myself. David, I really want to be your dirty girl. I want to be naughty and dirty for you right in front of your gorgeous cock! I want it my mouth. Force me down on it, David. Force me to suck your cock."

I eased her mouth down on me. She kissed the tip, then sucked, first just the head, then a few inches, then as much as she could take. Suddenly, she had to stop. Amber stood up and grabbed my hand. She couldn't wait any more. She could feel her pussy clinching, ready to explode. She told me to hurry, she wanted to be carried up the stairs.

"David," she whispered in my arms. "I want your cock in me when I cum. I'm starting baby. Don't let me cum without you."

I had her up the stairs and on the bed in seconds, but she was already convulsing, deep into her orgasm, and still, she managed to push me on my back and guide my cock into her fast clinching pussy. She was on top of me, riding me, grinding into me. We were holding hands, she had me pushed and pinned against the bed, fucking on me with all her passion, hard and furious, the noise ricocheting around the room.

"Oh David, fuck it all out of me!" Amber said. Her voice loud, cracked and throaty. Then much more softly. "All of me, David. Make me good, again. That's it, baby. Fuck all the bad girl out of me," she whispered.

She was spent and as she finished she opened her eyes, looking at me glazed and lovingly, slowing her rhythm down to a gentle rock.

"It's okay, darling. I'll cum again for you, I promise," Amber said. Her body sleek and glistening with sweat. "Just keep fucking me. I'm sorry, baby. I still have to be on top. I want you to keep watching me."

She couldn't help herself, she laid down onto me, her nipples rosy and tender, pushing into the top of my chest, her head against mine.

"Don't stop, David. I'm just resting. Work with me, baby," she whispered. "This is so nice, so sexy. Just fuck me gentle until I catch my breath."

I would thrust her up, moving us together a few inches, and Amber would push us back down. We rocked ourselves together in a trance of motion, a trance that went on and on. . .

"Don't fall asleep on me, Amber." I whispered in her ear. Teasing her.

"Oh, my god. I'm NOT falling asleep. Just you wait," she growled. 

"I don't know if I can."

"Really?"

"Really."

"Are you going to cum for me, David?"

"I'm getting really close."

"But I'm not ready!" She teased me back.

We both laughed.

"It just feels so good, honey. I want you to cum though."

"Thank you." I smiled.

"You're bad," she whispered. "I love your cock inside me, David. Give it to me anyway you want. I'm ready for it. I really am. Watch me, I can cum again."

She pushed her way up away from me. Sitting straight up.

"Fuck me faster, David. Fuck my tight little cunt."

She stretched and arched herself, leaning back as far as she could go, her hands reaching for the bed behind her, forcing me off the bed, my hands now behind me supporting me as well, until our positions mirrored each other in opposition, offering the perfect view.

"Look at me, baby. Look at us. Look at my cunt fucking on your cock. You're such a fucker, David," she said dreamily. "David you shouldn't do that. I'm a good girl now and you're cumming all over into me."

And like that it was over. I fell back onto the bed and she collapsed back onto my chest.

"I feel like crying, David. That was just so crazy good. I came hard and fast the first time, but the second was a much quieter, really deep, tingling cum. That's the one that makes me want to cry."

"You're something else." 

"I told you I could talk," Amber said, now cuddled in my arms.

"Talk to me like that any time you want." I told her.

"I will." 

* * * *

Amber was asleep. She hadn't slept at all last night and I felt it was a shame to wake her after less than an hour of sleeping on my bed, but she was supposed to be home by now, explaining things to her mother. I squeezed her shoulder softly.

"What time is it?" She said, yawning and stretching like a cat.

"Almost, ten-thirty."

"David!"

"It's okay. Text your mom. Tell her you're running a little late but you'll be home by eleven."

"Okay. Where's my phone?" She propped herself up on her elbows.

"It's on the night stand, with your purse and your dress. Your heels are at the foot of the bed."

I didn't sleep with her. I had sat next her for a good while, maybe twenty minutes, but for the most part I was straightening things up, getting dressed, and gathering her things together, in case she was in a hurry when she woke. She had left her phone in the bathroom.

"David, how come you're dressed and I'm naked?" Amber said. "What did you do? Did you fuck my little pussy?"

"Don't get started, Amber. You might not get home for hours."

"You promise? You'd fuck me four more hours!"

"You're delirious. You've hardly slept."

"But I don't want to go home!" she pouted.

"We'll figure something out." 

I tossed her phone on the bed, landing it next to her.

"Text your mom," I told her.

"Okay!"

"Do you want some orange juice or something?"

"Orange juice sounds good," she said, and smiled. "Let me get freshened up and dressed, and I'll be down in a minute."

She came down to me the same as before, once again in her dress and heels, this time, though, we both had goofy smiles. Everything had changed in a matter of hours. She sat down next to me, sipping at the juice. This time it felt much more natural. I wasn't nervous anymore.

"I've got a bunch of texts to answer, all from my same girlfriends, all wondering where am I and what to do. Everybody said I was at Alison's! That's good news, right?"

"It sounds like as long as your mother doesn't call Alison's parents you'll be okay. You just have to deal with your ticket."

"Hey, my mom just texted me back. She's not even home. And she won't be back til noon! Yea! One more hour, at least. You know what this means!"

"It gives you time to write a note, explaining things just the way you want and then have time to be in your own bed sleeping when your mom does get home?"

"Good idea, but not very romantic," Amber said, shaking her head. 

"You want romance?"

"Of course I do! I'm a girl!"

"I noticed."

"I really like you, David."

"I really like you too, Amber. A lot."

"You mean like four hours worth?"

"Much more than four hours."

"Woohoo! That will wear me out!"

"I think you're already worn out. You need sleep. I wish you didn't."

"Me too."

We kissed lightly over and again, barely touching skin, then we brushed our lips back and forth, finally we tried kissing with our noses, Alaskan style. Then we just rested our foreheads together.

"You have such a sexy nose, Amber."

"I know I do. I love it when you say my name. That's why I say your name so much, David. Because I love you. You know I do."
