 This is my first try, so let me know what you think.

And there she was, for the third week in a row, a wide grin splitting her youthful face. And just like the last two weeks she was dressed to kill, this time with a white tube top barely covering her perky breasts, and black skirt that left very little up to the imagination, just barely covering where her tight little ass met her long, athletic legs. She looked him right in the eye, and gave a demure little wink. Will immediately knew he was in way over his head. Somehow he managed to stop his knees from giving way.

Will Sullivan walked right past Brooke and into the store. He nodded to the clerk and walked to the back cooler, retrieved a cold thirty-pack of light beer and brought it to the counter. He pulled out his ID and a twenty dollar bill, paid for the beer and brought it out to his jeep. Brooke was gone. 

Will Sullivan was 24 years old and a year out of his undergraduate studies. He had discovered too late that he wanted to be a writer, and decided to stick with his history major at school instead of taking an extra year to switch majors. After an attempt at jumping into the writing business, it became clear that he would need more schooling if he wanted to be successful. 

However more school meant more money. It was money Will just didn't have. So he picked up a job that allowed him to make a decent wage, but also work on his writing on the side. He talked to an old teacher friend of his, and for the past year Will had worked at the local high school as a classroom aide and substitute teacher. 

Will was young, intelligent, tall and good-looking, with a fairly decent physique. He remembered what it was like to be in high school and how much being hassled by teachers sucked, so he was fairly easy-going around the students. They liked him immediately. Will was clueless at first, but eventually he heard a few whispers, caught a few longing stares, noticed an unusual amount of "accidental" brushes from some students who seemed to like him a bit more than others. These students, of course, were all young women. 

That day was just the first time he had noticed the special attention. He had noticed the girls the first second he had walked into the high school. Nearly all of them had young, tight bodies; they were young flowers just beginning to blossom. They talked and laughed and bounced around the halls, sporting the latest fashions and styles, gossiped the latest gossip. "Was this what high school had been like when I was here?" Will found himself asking. It must have been. Nothing changes that drastically. 

Will knew that it was he that had changed. In high school he was more worried about video games, or sports, or cars, or hanging out with his buddies. Sure, he had a dated a few girls in high school, and managed to lose his virginity his junior year, young and nervous like the rest of us. But now that he had been to college and played "the game" with all the other young and horny co-eds, he was different. 

So from the first moment he had walked into the high school, and had sensed one thing: sex. The sexual tension was unbelievable. Hormones were coursing through the students' veins like cars around a race track. Whether the students knew it or not, the struggle to get laid started here, and it started for the girls much earlier than it did for the guys. Even the freshmen girls were flaunting everything they had to offer to anyone who was willing to look. Or, that is, anyone who knew how to look. 

Will was not about to fool around with the students, however. He knew better. The last thing he needed was to destroy his developing career with a statutory rape charge, or in the best-case scenario, get fired from the local high school for messing around with one of the "legal" eighteen-year-old seniors. That was not only some bad publicity, but he would be out of a pretty good job! Also, once he got accepted to graduate school, he didn't want to jeopardize his chance there for the fall. 

None of this stopped him from looking and fantasizing, that was for sure. It was not at all uncommon for Will to hurry home from work, bust through the door in his apartment, rush into his room and jack off for over an hour to get a release. Will had his favorites to fantasize about, of course, and managed to study their features at school intently, committing them to memory for later recollection. The girls certainly helped him with this, wearing tight clothing, and always showing off a little for their favorite young substitute. Will noticed a lot of girls who managed to "accidentally" drop things in front of him, then slowly bend over, chest out and ass waving in the air, only to slowly stand back up, sneaking a glance in his direction to see what effect this had on Mr. Sullivan. 

After eight months of this blissful teasing, the end of the year finally came and with it graduation. Will sat and watched the procession, seeing how happy the seniors were to be moving on. He knew their best years were ahead of them, remembering what it was like to graduate from high school and how great college was. He envied them, and while he was excited to be resuming his studies in the fall, knew deep down he would miss the high school and all the eye candy that came with it. These girls had a sweet innocence to them, one that was almost entirely lost as they got older, not to mention the beating their hard little bodies would take in college. Will had experienced the "Freshman Fifteen" first hand, and knew that some girls just never recovered. As the years progressed it was harder and harder to keep the pounds off. Very soon, genuine effort would be required to keep up their appearances. 

For the summer, Will managed to pick up a job doing a little landscaping. It was good pay, and it was fun being outside and working with his hands. Will was intelligent, but he was no stranger to a hard day's work. His boss didn't mind if he took his shirt off at work either, so Will was getting a decent tan. 

Just like Will was accustomed to manual labor, he also knew the best way to cap off a day of working outside in the hot sun: a cold beer, or more accurately, six cold beers. One Friday he walked into the local corner store to buy a six-pack, per usual. He rounded a corner, walking with an urgency of a man who just needed a drink, and walked straight into another customer. Two bags of chips flew into the air, and a young lady fell to the ground. Will, feeling like an idiot, quickly apologized and bent over to help her up. She shook her head and looked up at him, and immediately Will froze, trapped in her gaze. 

It was Brooke. His favorite "recollection" from school. 

She was wearing a faded green tank top and a pair of cutoff jean shorts. Her long, dark brown hair was a mess from the collision, and her leggy 5'9" frame was sprawled out on the floor, just beginning to sit up. She looked up at him, and smiled. Never taking her eyes from his, she slowly brushed aside her disheveled hair from her face. Will had never seen anything so sexy in his entire life. 

"I'm... I'm so sorry about that. Are... are you ok?" Will managed to stammer. 

"Well are you going to help me up, Mr. Sullivan, or are you just gonna stand there with that not-so-bright look on your face?" she asked, grinning. Her white teeth seemed to glimmer in the florescent light. 

"Oh, sorry, Brooke," Will managed weakly. He took her hand and helped her to her feet. As soon as he touched her hand he could feel how soft her pale skin was. Her touch paralyzed him, and he stood there with her and enveloped in his. She looked down at their clasped hands and slowly looked back up at him, giving a smile.

"Are you going to give me that back?" she asked. Will quickly came back to his senses and knew he was caught. His mind desperately searched for a witty comment to salvage this encounter. 

"If I must," Will sighed, and then shot Brooke a toothy grin. Brooke giggled as she took her hand back. It was music to Will's ears. He noticed the bags of junk food still on the ground at the same time she did, and they both bent over to retrieve them. Picking up one bag, he brought his head up and found himself directly looking down Brooke's tank top. Her modest-sized, shapely breasts hung there in front of him, her nipples just barely covered by a lacey white bra. The magnificent sight caused Will's breath to catch in his throat. Brooke heard the gasp and looked up. Will quickly stood and handed her the bag. His face began to redden. 

"Here you go, Brooke," he said. 

"Thanks, Mr. Sullivan," she replied, flashing another gorgeous smile.

They stood there for another moment and chatted. Will asked Brooke how the first two weeks of her summer had been, and if she was excited for college. She said it had been good, and that she was, and asked him the same. He told her it had been good, and he was excited for grad school. They both stood and looked at each other for another moment in silence. 

Finally, Will broke it with "So, unless you need me for anything else, I guess I had better get going." 

Brooke looked at him, thought for a moment and said "Actually, I could use a little favor." Instantly Will's pulse quickened, almost doubling in rate. She leaned toward him and whispered in his ear. He could smell her sweet flowery scent, and felt her warm breath on his neck. His eyes quickly widened at her suggestion. He smiled and nodded his head. 

Brooke walked around the corner and to the counter, paid for her potato chips and walked out of the store. Will went to the beer cooler and pulled out a cold thirty pack, paid for it at the counter and brought it out to his jeep. He hopped in and started it up, and drove down the street to the parking lot of the hardware store. Waiting their as promised was Brooke in her white Volkswagen Jetta. Will hopped out of the car, grabbed the thirty pack, and threw it into the trunk of Brooke's Jetta. He came around to the driver's side window and leaned his head into the car. 

"Now Brooke, you have to promise me that no one will be driving anywhere after drinking these. And if you get busted, you did not get that from me, do you understand?" Will told her. 

"I promise Mr. Sullivan. Thanks sooo much. You are the greatest." 

With that she craned her neck up to the side of his face and gave him a peck on the cheek. She started the car, gave him a final smile, and pulled out of the empty lot. 

Will watched the car pull away as his heart fluttered uncontrollably. His cheek burned where her soft lips had touched him. Her gentle flowery scent still lingered in his nostrils. He could hear the blood pounding in his ears and started to get light-headed. He staggered over to his jeep and leaned up against it, taking deep breaths. When his head cleared a bit he jumped into the driver's seat and took off towards his place. 

Thoughts whirled through his head quicker than he could process them. What had just happened? He didn't care that he had just supplied a minor with alcohol. He was no hypocrite, and he had enlisted help several times before he was of age. But the chemistry between him and Brooke lit up his brain like an electric bug zapper. He got all the way home and sat on his couch before he realized he had forgotten to get himself something to drink! 

The following Friday Will returned to the corner store for his usual routine. All day he had thought about what he would do and say in the off-chance that Brooke would be there again. He wasn't expecting her to be there, in fact he doubted she would be, but his heart strained at the idea of seeing her again. Sure enough, she was standing in the same isle, wearing a cute little top and tight blue jeans with flip-flops, showing off her red painted toenails. When Will rounded the corner and saw her, his heart leapt up into his throat. When he cleared his voice, she turned and smiled at him. 

"Hi Mr. Sullivan! I was hoping I might see you tonight," she chuckled. 

"Same place?" Will asked quietly. 

She nodded, and they went about their business. This time Will remembered to get something for himself as well. He pulled into the same parking lot jittery from anticipation. He threw the beer in the trunk same as before. He came to the window and Brooke smiled at him stuck two twenty dollar bills into his hand. 

"For last week, too" she told him. He started to object, but she gave him a serious look and said "Save it, Mr. Sullivan. I will not take no for an answer." 

Will smiled, winked at her and said " I'll have to remember that."

"You better" she countered, and flashed him a devilish grin. 

Will turned and begin to walk back to his jeep, but she froze him in his tracks when she called out "Mr. Sullivan?"

"Yes?" Will answered, turning to face her. 

"Do you think that next week you could shower before you come to the store?"

"Uh, I guess" Will replied. His heart nearly burst in his chest. 

"Good" she said, and then abruptly pulled out of parking lot, squealing her tires on the way into the street. Will just watched her go in total amazement. Did she mean what he thought she meant? What was he going to do about it? She was eighteen after all, and about to go into college. She couldn't possibly want to hang out with him! He knew from school that she was one of the most popular girls in town, and that all the guys wanted a piece of her. Maybe she was just telling him that he smelled bad. Or could his fantasy actually come true next Friday? He didn't want to get his hopes up. 

Next Friday was now. He had the beer in his jeep. He had showered, put on a touch of cologne, and dressed nicely in a polo shirt and khaki shorts. When he got to the parking lot, her car was running and pointed out into the street. He pulled in and stopped beside her. 

"Follow me!" she called out, and sped out of the driveway. Will quickly banged a U-turn and followed her. She drove quickly out of the center of town, and into the rich neighborhood. Whipping around the turns, Will followed her down a fairly secluded road away from town and made a turn onto a dirt road which had a sign proclaiming "Private Drive". 

Will heard it before he saw it. It was the unmistakable sound of a party. Loud music, laughter, the splashes of people jumping into a pool filled the night air. Soon they came up on a huge house with an even bigger lawn. There were people out on the lawn running around, beer cans in hand. He immediately recognized half the senior class. 

Brooke pulled into a parking spot, and Will pulled up next to her. They both got out, and Will grabbed the thirty pack of beer. 

"I told a couple friends where I was getting the beer, and they insisted that I bring you along" Brooke let on, smiling. She drew closer to Will, looking up at him innocently. "Somehow, I didn't think you'd mind."

She was close enough that Will could feel her warm, moist breath. As he looked down at her, he felt himself being pulled towards her. His head slowly lowered towards hers, never breaking their gaze. She licked her lips, closed her eyes, and made it clear that she was ready to be kissed. As Will was about to bring his lips to hers, finally tasting what he had dreamed of and living what he thought could only be fantasy, he heard a chorus of shouts screaming "SULLY!" Sully was the nickname he got in college, and somehow the students at the high school had taken to calling him that. Brooke quickly opened her eyes smiled, grabbed his free hand and pulled him towards the house, bouncing the whole way. Will couldn't believe what was happening. He was about to party with a group of his old students, and he had almost just kissed Brooke! He had no idea where this was going, but he was not about to let up. 

Brooke pulled Will into the crowd in front of the house and all the guys came up and slapped him five or patted him on the back. The girls came up and gave him hugs. Will was having breasts of all shapes and sizes mashed into his chest, and was loving every second of it. Brooke was all smiles, instantly the star of the party for bringing "Mr. Sullivan" along. Brooke explained that it was Tony Petrino's house, and his parents were gone for the summer, leaving Tony's older sister Claire in charge of the estate. Will couldn't believe what he had just heard, seeing how he had gone to high school with Claire Petrino! He remembered her as being particularly plain and kind of nerdy. Brooke informed him that she was out tonight, but she let Tony party anyway, so long as no one drove home. Judging by the 15 cars out in the driveway, it seemed like Tony had his work cut out for him. 

Around back of the house were a large pool and a great big patio. Will added his beer to the trash can already full of ice, pulled out two cold ones, opened one and handed it to Brooke. He popped open his own and took a big swig. It was going to be a good night. 

The kids obviously hadn't had too much experience in drinking, because they didn't know very many party games. Will immediately taught them several, and the party was kicked into a high gear. Soon, kids were passing out all over the house, unable to hold their liquor. Will, however, was a seasoned veteran, and was just hitting full stride when soon he realized that almost everyone else was hitting the wall and going to bed. Finally it was just Tony and Brooke left awake. Tony had stayed somewhat sober, but was tired from running the show, and finally bowed out. 

"I'm going to bed, guys. Sully, you can crash in my parents' room. I made sure no one took it so you get the good bed." He glanced and Brooke, who was leaning on my shoulder on the couch sleepily, shook his head, and ran upstairs. 

Will turned and looked at Brooke and said, "Well I guess that just leaves you and me." 

Brooke yawned, rubbed her eyes and stood up, much to Will's surprise. He was fully expecting a little make-out session on the couch, then a trip upstairs. 

"I need to wake up a bit!" Brooke announced. "How about a swim?" 

"I didn't bring my trunks" Will said. 

"Neither did I," Brooke grinned, "just go in your undies. That's what I'm doing." 

"Fair enough."

With that, Brooke bounced over to the sliding door, tore it open, and scampered over to the pool. Will was just quick enough to see her pull off her skirt, slowly sliding it over her hips and down her long legs. Her top was already nowhere to be seen. She was wearing white panties and a white bra. Will couldn't believe his luck, knowing they would be totally transparent once wet. She looked over her shoulder at Will, gave him a little wink, and gracefully dove into the deep end of the pool. 

Will began half-running, half-undressing on his way over to the pool. He stripped down to his briefs and came to the edge of the water. Brooke had withdrawn to a shadowy corner of the pool. He could only see her outline in the dark night. Will decided not to waste any time and jumped right in, and quickly swam under water over to the corner where Brooke was hiding. There was just enough light in the pool so that he could see the outline of her long legs under water. He swam up to her and popped up to the surface directly in front of her. Just like that they were face to face. 

"Hi" she said, quietly. 

"Hi" he responded. 

Will grabbed the side of the pool and pulled himself against her body. He could feel her soft skin pressing against him. He reached his right arm around her waist and pulled her closer still, fitting their two bodies together like puzzle pieces. With his eyes adjusting to the darkness, he could see her beautiful face gazing into his. Her wet hair clung to her face, neck, and shoulders. Slowly they moved along the side, pressed against one another, until the bottom came up to meet them in the shallow end. Will took his left hand off the lip of the pool and brought it along side her face. Her cheek was as smooth as silk, and deliciously warm to the touch. They gazed into each other's eyes for what seemed like hours, each second taking an eternity to pass, slowly drawing closer to one another. 
