 I met Amy and Jen a few weeks ago. It was a Monday night and after making the rounds, seeing all my other industry buddies (Chicago bartenders), the last stop was a 4AM spot called Nick's. It was just myself and a friend closing out the evening so we grabbed a couple bottles of Stella and headed to the pool tables. None of the four were vacant, but at the second were two hotties playing a couple of busters--and beating them which was very convenient with us on deck. 

I was instantly attracted to Amy. Her face was beautiful and she just had that "body built for sin"--spectacular curves but not cartoonish or ridiculous. The magnetism between us was instant, palpable and heavy. I am a good pool player and we weren't hustling or anything, but the ladies did beat us the first game and naturally, a rematch was in order. Both our friends decided to sit this one out and this time Amy put a little side bet on it, but the stakes were left ambiguous. Not that it mattered in the least, but I did win the second game and collected my prize--a simple but electrically charged kiss. 

Jen hopped into a cab, but the rest of us were stumbling distance from our apartments. Geoff (who has a girlfriend) split off and I walked Amy home through the snow. She invited me inside and we couldn't keep our hands off each other. I stood behind her in the living room with my chest pressed against her shoulders and my fingers inching from her hips up her sides and to her collar. With my left hand under her chin, she threw her head back and I devoured her neck like a vampire. I used my right to slowly undo her blouse. Rolling it off her shoulders, I butterfly kissed my way down her spine until on my knees. With my lips patrolling the small of Amy's back, I unhooked her bra and loosened her belt and jeans. I peeled the denim down just inches to savor her hips for a few moments Even inside, there was a lingering February chill and countless goosebumps appeared on her tanned sides as I removed her pants and helped her step from her socks. I could not resist turning her around to breath in the musky scent and remove her lacy red thong. I licked from her toned thighs to her cute sunken belly button and perky, large C-cup breasts--each nipple pierced with a chrome bar. I was now standing, looking into her smouldering dark eyes. She returned my gaze and without ever losing it, removed my shirt and slacks, tossing them where we stood.

It was time to adjourn to her room. We leapt into bed and kissed. I love tender, moist lips and just a bit of tongue--not someone giving me a tonsil exam and i have to admit she was terrific. After caressing her powdery skin, she rolled onto her stomach. I straddled her thighs and proceeded to massage her. Over the course of ten minutes, firm kneading of her shoulders became delicate feathery strokes down her back which became fingers relentlessly probing from her neck up though the silky hair which was then given a little tug. By now I was ravenous for her pussy and as I loosened my grip, I licked my way down her body and over her spectacular ass. It was full but narrow and I spread her cheeks as I ran my tongue down her crack until i was lightly grazing her labia. I shifted off to the side and admired her figure in the flickering candle light and certainly leaving her with a few seconds of intense anticipation. I resumed the feathery-light finger tip contact from shoulder to foot and back up the inside of her thighs which she was inching apart. I licked a single finger to graze her outer lips. I teasingly raised my finger slightly so that it was just off her skin, but whether it was the neatly trimmed hairs, the heat, or some other innate form of perception, she arched her back and thrust her hips upward for more every time I pulled just out of reach. Soon enough her hips were tantalizingly raised off the bed. I gave her cheeks a few smacks which were all too well received. I gave her what she was moaning for and let my finger plunge between the hot wet folds and thumb roll over her clit.

Even if she could stand the exquisite torture any longer, I couldn't. I got between her legs, wrapped my hands around the tops of her thighs, and buried my face in her pussy. Sucking her lips. Sucking her clit. Penetrating her pussy with my tongue and licking her adorable little asshole. I was ravenous and it was all to the soundtrack of her sighs and labored breathing. Amy shuddered and squirmed, but I only took that as a cue to stuff a couple pillows under her hips and my cock into her dripping box. I started slowly and savored watching my dick relentlessly plow into her soft slick pussy from behind. I spanked her a couple times then let my thumb massage her wrinkled anus--eventually working it inside. We worked up a more feverish pace and I once again gripped her hair and pulled her head back as I exploded inside. I collapsed on top of her and we locked ourselves in embrace.

Stay tuned for Part II