 I am a 32 year old lawyer who specializes in contract law, boring but well paying. I am a solo office with one paralegal fresh out of school. Erika is 23, I hired her 4 months ago largely because she was my dream girl. She is smart and petit. She stands 5'2" with the narrow little hips cross country runners have, she weighs 110 pounds fresh out of the shower and has piercing blue eyes and a perfect smile. Her delicate fingers suggested equally delicate feet and toes. I certainly didn't hire her to fuck her but the idea of having her perfect little body around the office made my cock hard during her initial interview. As we shook hands at the conclusion of the interview she ran a finger along my palm as she took her hand away; she was hired.

Erika showed up for work her first Monday in a tight skirt that hugged her narrow little ass like paint. She had a silk blouse that was loose enough to allow for a glimpse of her black lace bra from time to time. Her cheek bones stood out due to the tan she got while running evenings and weekends; her blond hair had natural highlights from the sun. Occasionally she wore something tight enough to show her six pack abs, it was heaven. She looked like she stepped off the cover of fitness magazine every day.

We worked very well together with minimal chit chat about our personal lives for the first few weeks. Eventually she began to talk about her dead beat boyfriend whom she intended to throw out. I asked her one day why she kept him around and said he was "very good at stress reduction." We didn't talk about him again for several days until one Friday when she asked if we could talk after work. She stated that she had thrown her boyfriend out and her little sister who was turning 18 wanted to move in with her. She said she had written a new employment contract she wanted me to read; I assumed she was asking for more money but decided to read it before I said anything. 

The contract was a standard employment agreement with the same salary she was making. I was about to ask why we needed the same contract when I saw a brief addition. "The parties involved may initiate any degree of sexual contact desired at any time to include kissing, fingering, oral, anal and vaginal sex. Each party is free to decline or participate in sexual advances." As I looked up from the page I saw her removing her skirt; her bare pussy was covered by the tinniest G-string I had ever seen. She made of show of tuning around and bending over as she took off her shoes and G-string; she had a perfect little asshole and you could see the slightest bit of her clit between her smooth pussy lips. She turned back around as she stood up and took off her blouse revealing a lace see through bra that held perfect B cup tits with hard half inch nipples. She slipped off her bra and tugged and twisted on her nipples. 

She walked over to my desk and picked up a pen saying "I love to have my pussy eaten but could you just slip your cock into my pussy and fuck me slow and steady while I play with my clit?" She put the pen in my hand and gave me a kiss I felt to my soul. I signed the contract as she cleared a spot on my desk and got on her back with her heels hooked on the edge of the desk; she slipped a finger into her pussy to collect a bit of lubrication, she started to circle her clit while tugging on one nipple. You know I threw my boyfriend out and I like to be fucked once or twice a day. I was hoping you found me sexy enough to fuck. I am also hoping you have as big of a dick as I think you do; can you slip it in me while we talk about a plan I have?

I took off my pants in record time. I slipped my cock into her pussy and it felt like I slipped into a hot cream filled glove. It was the hottest, tightest pussy I had ever been in. I bottomed out on the first stroke and just held it there for a few seconds. Her pussy sucked back at my dick when I pulled out; I had never felt anything quite like it. I came about half way out and pushed back in slow and steady; she started to draw circles around her clit with her fingers. She put her feet on my chest and I settled into a slow steady rhythm. She said it usually took her about 20 minutes to work herself to a strong orgasm. She asked if I could last that long? I told her I would eat her pussy for a few minutes if I needed a break, I was pretty sure I wouldn't be able to keep my cock in her pussy that long without cumming. 

After we both caught our breath and settled in a rhythm she began to tell me her summer plan. Her little sister would be here in a few weeks, she had just turned 18 and wanted to get away from home for the first time. She had a few experiences with boys that were very unfulfilling so she asked her sister to be her sex tutor. Erica was hoping I would be willing to serve as their sex toy as she taught her little sister how to fuck and suck. She thought we could start fucking in the office every day prior to her sister getting here so we would be familiar with each other and she said she just likes to fuck. She assured me that she had some very creative plans for us individually and with her sister. 

As I was fucking her I was watching her stomach move ever so slightly as my cock went in and out of her pussy. I hadn't noticed it sooner because I was watching her fingers as they played with her clit; I wanted to memorize the rhythm so I would know how to get her off when I was finger fucking her in the future. I slipped my hand under hers and gently pressed down on her stomach just above her pussy, I could feel my cock moving. She moaned lightly, I guessed the pressure of my hand helped my cock hit her g-spot a little better. Eventually I slipped my thumb under her fingers and took over playing with her clit; she put her arms over her head and thrust her pussy into my cock a bit. 

After she adjusted to my thumb on her clit and my hand pushing on my cock through her tight abs she returned to her plan for the summer. She wanted to start by teaching her little sister how to give a proper hand job, she felt it would take a week of getting me off by hand before she mastered to art. She didn't want me to cum too soon so we would fuck once or twice a day in the office this should help me last longer in the evening when she and her little sister practiced on me. She feels a proper hand job should last 20 minutes at a minimum, she felt that by making me cum once or twice a day I would have the staying power needed to last the dual hand job tutorial in the evening. This sounded like a great plan. I asked what we would be doing to get her little sister off after she got me off. She suggested that I eat her pussy until we progressed in the lessons to full fucking; I agreed that this sounded like a good plan.

My steady fucking of her tight pussy along with my thumb on her clit and gentle pressure on her tight abs was starting to get to her, her breathing was erratic and she was thrusting her hips up to meet my cock. I decided to suck the toes on her left foot to see if that would put her over the edge. I pressed my thumb into her instep to give her a bit of a foot massage as I sucked her toes. I started fucking her a little faster and picked up the timing as my thumb circled her clit. I was starting to think I was going to have to stop fucking her and eat her pussy if she didn't cum soon, I wasn't going to last much long as her pussy continued to suck my cock on the out stroke. Just as I was about to tell her I needed a break from her relentless pussy her breathing became even more erratic and she said she was about to cum. I picked up the pace a bit and she arched her back and drove her pussy onto my cock. Her impossibly tight pussy became even tighter as it gripped me from the base of my cock to the head. I knew I had just a few strokes left before I started to cum; I planned to stroke at the same rate as I pumped her full. She thrust her hips up and I had to struggle to hold on to her as she started to cum, I stopped sucking her toes and grabbed her sexy pelvis as she drove into my cock. I started to pump cum into her and I could feel my cock pulse as I kept my hand flat on her tight abs just above her pussy lips. I kept the same pace on her clit as she grabbed both of her nipples and started to twist and pull, I made a mental note to gently twist and pull them while sucking them later. 

We both rode out our orgasms and I finally stopped pumping and just let my cock rest in her pussy, I could feel little butterfly contractions as her orgasm subsided. I finally pulled cock out and watched a river of cum flow over her perfect little asshole. She signed and said "thanks." I marveled at her sexy little runners body on my desk with a thin sheen of perspiration.

She got off of my desk and gave me a kiss I felt in my toes, I gently pulled on her nipples and she eventually took her tongue out of my mouth and said "what do you think of my proposal?" Before I could answer she put her tongue back in my mouth and started to stroke my flagging hard on. She again took her tongue of out mouth and told me my cock was sticky and she thought she should clean it up for me. She slipped my cock in her mouth as she began to roll my balls in the palm of her hand. At first she just circled my cock with her tongue as she pulled on my balls; my cock started to harden and we both realized I could cum again. She began to jack me off and suck on the head; she felt the weight of my balls and commented that there had to be another load or two of cum in them. 

Her tongue was in constant motion as she jacked me off; she played with my balls and occasionally slipped a finger over my asshole. She took me deeper and deeper into her mouth until she took me all the way to my balls. She held me there as she put gentle pressure on my asshole and rolled my balls in her palm. Eventually she took her mouth off my cock and told me she loved the feeling of cum hitting her tongue but she also loved to feel a cock pulsing in her throat as it pumped cum into her stomach. She couldn't decide what she loved more and suggested I simply fuck her mouth and throat and cum when I wanted. I began to short stroke her mouth and occasionally fuck deep into her throat; she had been jacking me off with one hand while the other played with my balls and asshole. She apologized and said she needed to finger fuck her pussy while I fucked her mouth. She stopped jacking me off and began to finger her pussy. 

This was the sexiest girl I had ever met and I couldn't believe I was going to cum again. She began to moan around my cock and it appeared she was about to cum again herself. She began to suck harder on the head of my cock and I decided to cum in her mouth knowing I could fuck her throat and pump her full of cum that way later. As soon as my cum hit her tongue she started to cum, her tongue went so crazy on my cock that I considered pulling it out but knew the feeling of my cock in her mouth was fueling her orgasm. Eventually she stopped sucking and just sat back, she licked her fingers and asked if there was any way I could fuck her pussy and mouth once or twice a day. She commented that this would be in addition to me being her little sister's sex toy in the evenings. I assured her I would do everything possible to accommodate them. I knew that my days of jacking off to porn were over; all of my sexual energy would be needed to keep this sexy girl satisfied, I was not sure I could handle both her and her little sister but I was looking forward to trying. 

We both put our clothes on and agreed to talk again in the morning. I couldn't believe how sexy she was, I always suspected she had a great body under her modest clothes but could have never guessed how hot she was; tight abs, perfect B cup tits, a great ass, and a perfect pussy with a clit that sticks out a half of an inch. I couldn't wait until morning. 

I was in the office early the next morning, I didn't know what to expect but was looking forward to whatever might happen. She came in wearing a modest skirt that showed off her ass. A blouse that showed a hint of nipple and high heels, she looked even more sexy than before. She walked over to my desk and started to stack the papers neatly; she then took off her shoes and put them in the corner. She then took off her blouse followed by her sheer bra. Her perfect breasts had no sag with slightly upturned nipples. She walked over and put her tongue in my mouth as she rubbed my cock through my pants; I tugged at her nipples and then slipped one hand up her skirt between her legs, she was not wearing anything underneath. I lightly circled her clit as she moaned into my mouth. Her tongue went deeper into my mouth and I slipped a finger deep into her pussy. She took her tongue out of my mouth and asked if I would eat her pussy until my 9 am conference call.

She had already cleared my desk so she quickly took off her skirt and lay down on her back with her heels on the edge of the desk; her pussy was slightly open with a hint of moisture creeping down to her sexy asshole. She circled her clit a couple of times with her fingers and then put her arms back over her head. I was still sitting in my desk chair so I rolled forward a little while running my hands over her legs starting at her feet and ending at her pussy; I ignored her clit and asshole and continued up her toned abs until I reached her perfect tits. I started to play with her nipples by gently pulling on them, she let out a deep breath and closed her eyes and involuntarily thrust her pelvis up just a little. I sucked each nipple giving them just the slightest bite, she moaned and I wondered how rough she wanted me to be with her tits, that was a discovery for a different day. This morning was about learning how she liked her pussy eaten. I left her tits and gave her a deep kiss letting out tongues play for a minute while she ground her pussy into my crotch, I still had my pants on and wondered if her pussy was wet enough to leave a damp spot on my pants; I decided to find out.

I kissed my way past her nipples briefly putting my tongue in her belly button. I kissed my way down to her pussy and just brushed against her clit as I made my way to her asshole. I swirled my tongue around her perfect little hole and felt her tense up and take a breath. I continued to lick her asshole while I ran my hands over her tight abs and sexy tits. I played with both of her nipples but then slid one hand down to her pussy; I lightly began to play with her clit and started to lick from her asshole to her pussy. I loved the taste of her pussy and spent time licking every centimeter frequently dipping my tongue back to her sexy asshole. Eventually I worked my way back up to her clit and sucked it while running my tongue in circles. I slipped one finger into her asshole and two into her pussy. My other hand was busy switching back and forth pulling on her sexy nipples while occasionally running my palm over her tight abs with my thumb lightly grazing her belly button. 

I had been eating her for 20 minutes or so and had less than 10 minutes before my conference call so I picked up the pace in every way. My fingers started sliding in and out of her pussy and ass faster, my tongue picked up speed as I circled her clit and I switched between her perfect tits more often as I twisted her nipples. She started to grind her pussy against my mouth in a steady circular motion and I decided to let her set the pace so she could cum when she wanted to. I felt her asshole tighten around my finger a few seconds before her pussy stated to tighten around my fingers. Her hand went to the back of my head as her pelvis ground into my mouth. I went into overdrive with my tongue and felt her ass and pussy start to spasm. She came for well over a minute as she ground into my mouth. Eventually she let out a deep breath and settled back down on the desk as my fingers slowly came out of her pussy and asshole. 

She ran her hand through her hair and then got up on her elbows as she looked at me still sitting with my face between her legs. "That was fantastic, can we start every work day this way." I gave her sensitive pussy a very light kiss and said "absolutely." She told me to get my pants off and sit on my office couch. I took off my pants and she folded them and put them on my desk, my boxers followed; just then my conference call came in.

She handed me my headset and motioned for me to lie down on the couch. This was a call I simply needed to listen in on while making the occasional comment. She remained naked and got between my legs. My cock was starting to harden when she took my balls in her hand and started to roll them around. She was stroking my cock with her other hand in a slow and lazy fashion. I appeared clear she intended to take the entire hour to make me cum. 

After pulling on my balls and stroking my cock she suddenly got up and walked out of my office, she quickly returned with bottle of lube and a smile. She poured some on the head of my cock and jacked me off like she was twisting a bottle cap off a beer. After a few minutes of this she stopped and poured some lube on her other and looked at me with a raised eyebrow that suggested possible trouble. One hand returned to the head of my cock while the other slipped over my balls and found my asshole. She started to circle my asshole with a lubed finger.

It was pretty clear what was going to happen next; what I did not expect was her taking my cock down her throat in one smooth motion as she buried a finger in my ass. She paused for a few seconds and then started to bob her head on my cock as she fucked my asshole with her finger. This was not something I could withstand for long and she seem to know that. After a few minutes she stopped deep throating me and went back to jacking me off as she fingered my ass. The next 10 minutes were filled with her alternating between deep throating me and jacking me off while finger fucking my ass. 

Her next move was to just suck the head of my cock while she played with my balls. She didn't stroke my cock, she didn't finger my ass. She just sucked the head of my cock while pulling on my balls, she would bob her head an inch or so but she mostly just sucked on the head and ran her tongue in circles. She was also fingering her pussy and occasionally pulling her nipples. She pulled her mouth off my and cock and put her finger to her lips giving me the sign to keep quiet as she stood and straightened my legs out. She again put her finger to her lips as she swung her leg over me and sat down on my cock in one smooth move. She rolled her eyes back and put both hands on my chest as she started to move her hips like a belly dancer as she rode my cock. This was also not something I was going to be able to stand for very long. Her pussy sucked my cock as she rocked back and forth. She sat up and started to pull on her nipples as she fingered her clit. In a few minutes it looked like she was going to cum, I hoped I could avoid cumming myself; knowing how tight her pussy gets when she cums I had little hope I could keep from pumping her full of what cum I had generated since she I filled her with cum twice yesterday. 

She suddenly stopped moving and smiled slightly as she slowly got off my cock and crawled back between my legs, she started to lick my balls and took a light grip on the head of my cock. She carefully licked me clean from my balls to the head of my cock. She sat back and appeared to exam it for cleanliness and then took me completely down her throat in one smooth move. He finger went back in my asshole and she was back to a steady pace of bobbing up and down my cock while fucking my asshole. 

My call was coming to an end and I was ready to cum somewhere, I didn't care where as long as it was wet and warm. I had to make a few closing comments on the call and she choose that time to circle the head of my cock with her tongue as she curved the finger in my asshole up to massage my prostate. She would occasionally deep throat me but she mostly focused on sucking the head of my cock and jacking me off. I knew I was going to start pumping cum into her sexy little relentless mouth any second. She sucked cock like someone who really enjoyed it. She also sucked like someone who enjoyed swallowing cum. There always seemed to be a conflict between her wanting to swallow cum and finding ways to keep me hard and in mouth and throat without cumming. I felt my orgasm getting closer and tried to pull my cock out of her throat; she used the finger in my ass to pull me deeper into her mouth. This was a battle I was not going to win. My ass started to tighten around her finger and she gripped my cock harder as she jacked me off and sucked me. I exploded with a huge initial blast of cum and then settled into a rhythm of pumping progressively lesser amounts into her mouth. She simply kept the same rhythm of jacking, sucking and finger fucking. When it was clear I was done cumming she pulled her mouth off my cock and sat back with a smile. She had pulled her finger out of my ass and was lazily playing with my balls when she said "I can hardly wait to watch you pump cum into my little sister's mouth."
