 "The fire trucks are on their way."

I feel the warm, soft wind against my ear as he whispers the fact that we would soon be found out.

"We don't have much time."

He stands against me and the wall, sandwiching my body against it, not allowing me to move. He holds my hands high above us, fingers interlocked and pressing against the concrete. He's looking into my eyes, into my soul.

Those eyes. 

Two minutes ago, everyone ran out of the store, quickly and calmly, like there wasn't a fire, but there could be.

We snuck into this dank place, an industrial freezer behind those doors you always want to go through, but never do. It was the first day of spring, so I'm wearing a striped black and while skirt that ends just below my knees, with the top of it showing everyone a little more than what they would wonder was underneath. 

He's wearing a white t-shirt and blue jeans. Simple, stylish. My man.

Under normal circumstances, I'd feel cold, unwelcome. With our combined warmth, I feel nothing but his body and that piercing stare that knows my deepest fears, dreams and desires.

"Let's go," he says.

He kisses me on the lips, softly, lets our arms fall to our sides, hands still holding and leads me out to the store. We stand in front of cheap baked goods wrapped in plastic and covered in sugar. The alarm is sounding and the store is empty. We're all alone. 

He puts his hands my waist and stands behind me, breathing softly against my neck, kissing it, slowly at first. I close my eyes, let my head fall to one side and listen to his breathing, intend on trying to savor every sense but sight; the sound of his breath; the sensation of his lips on my skin; the smell of him. 

I find myself starting to breath in rhythm with him, the pace and intensity starting to increase. He raises his hands from my waist up my sides to my shoulders and down again to the top of my arms and squeezes, initiating the excitement. I shiver. I can feel parts of me getting warmer. Parts that he never fails to give attention to.

"I love you" he whispers.

No matter how many times I hear it, it never gets old. Now, in this place, the memories of him, the feeling of him, the sensation that is him, all serve to fuel my excitement. The fire department will be here soon and I don't give a shit.

His kissing and breathing continue to rise. With my eyes still closed, I reach up and run my fingers through is hair, and pull his head deeper into my neck.

He lets out a small roar of excitement and bites my shoulder softly.

"Harder," I tell him.

So he bites harder. He squeezes my arms harder, lets his hands drop behind my arms and sneaks them under my arms like I wouldn't notice. Then he squeezes my breasts hard enough that I can tell he's using most of the strength in his hands. It hurts, but it hurts good.

As soon as I let out a small sigh of pleasure, he moves his mouth to my ear and reminds me of our shopping plans.

"We need some milk" he says. "We're going to the dairy section, then I'm going to fuck you."

Still holding my tits, he moves his hand down, lifts the front of my skirt and feels my wetness through my underwear.

"Good girl."

He moves his hands down and grabs my hips, pulling him so close to me I can feel his excitement pressing against my ass, then proceeds to direct me to the dairy section.

When we arrive, like a store clerk setting up a mannequin, he stands me facing the rows of milk, then slowly paces around me, his hand trailing around my waist, looking me up and down like a sculptor assessing his work.

Standing behind me again, he gives me an order. "Check the expiration dates".

I bend over, letting my skirt get tighter as I do, letting him see the shape of my ass. I hold it close enough to tell him what I want, but far enough away to tease.

I turn around to see him hypnotized by my body.

Purposefully I wriggle my hips slowly to stir him into action.

Quickly and without warning, I feel a burning sensation on my ass. It's been smacked. Hard.

I let out a sigh, mixed with a groan.

With purpose, he lifts my skirt up, and squeezes my ass. He tells me to bend over further and I comply. As I do, he lowers himself, kissing my shoulders, back, and ass, while pulling down my underwear, before burying his face in my wanting hole. I can feel him at work as he feasts on my clit, pressing on it with his tongue and squeezing with his lips. He takes a hand, which was holding an ass cheek and plunges two fingers inside me. He has no trouble finding his way in, and I can feel my wetness helping his work. I moan, trying to decide what sensation to concentrate on, then decide to just let go and let him have his way with me.

He's good at this. I sit on the edge of ecstasy for what feels like hours, but he never lets me get there. After a few moments, he stands me up, turns me around, holds my face in his hands and kisses me passionately, letting me taste my want for him on his lips. I explore the inside of his mouth with my tongue and still, don't give a shit where we are. 

He grabs one of my hands and places it on the outside of his jeans. I unzip his pants and dive down to feel the warmth of him and want for me. He looks into my eyes and smiles. I do the same, then I start to jack him off, being sure to wipe his pre-come off first to taste it. 

He breathes heavily and closes his eyes, seemingly not by choice, my queue that I'm getting him off. 

Without wanting to wait, I kneel, and take him inside my mouth. The warmth of his shaft in my mouth, the taste and the sensation of it on my tongue get me that one step closer to oneness with him. The push he gives it to enter, exit, enter, exit, excites me to a point where I just want something better than this.

I stand up, turn around, bend over and tell him to fuck me.

So he does. He quickly pulls his pants down, grabs his cock and shoves it inside, telling me to look him in the eyes as he does, so he can see the look on my face.

I let out a hard breath as I feel him enter me, and after a few slow entries, it gets harder. Holding my hips, and holding my skirt up, he pounds my hole as hard as he can, forcing his cock ever deeper inside, making me feel like this is the only cock I'd ever want. Again and again he pounds me, our breaths in unison, letting our small groans of pleasure in off-beat syncopation, while we enjoy the feeling of being one. 

He reaches around and forcefully pulls down the top of my dress, exposing my breasts to the cold of the section we're in. While still fucking me, he takes both my nipples between his thumb and the knuckle of his index finger, squeezes hard and doesn't let go.

I close my eyes and take in the sensation. I hear the slapping of his hips against my ass as he enters me again and again, moving ever closer to climax. I feel his warmth combining with mine, and his hands moving up and down the front and back of my body, the heat of his hands and the sound of his skin rubbing up and down mine, evidence that I'm his.

He slows down and whispers in my ear.

"Sit on my cock. I want you to come."

I nod and he lies down on the reflective linoleum floor. I pull off my dress so I'm completely bare before him. I stand over his waist, legs spread and stare at his eyes, then down to his glistening cock, still fresh with my juices. Before complying, I kneel down on top of him and kiss him on the lips, then put my hands on his face and tell him I love him, then move my hands down his chest, showing him the same thing that he showed me, that he's mine.

I grab a hold of his cock with one hand, look him in the eyes, and take it in my mouth like a popsicle. I squeeze it to make it even harder, and take as much as I can until I hear a heavy breath and let it out again. Then I move up and kiss him on the mouth, lessing him taste us on his lips. I shuffle my ass down close to his shaft, and let my weight pull him inside me. I sit up.

He looks me in the eyes and grabs my hands, holding them out to our sides, while I move my hips, manipulating him inside me and forcing him into all the crevices that he can't conceive of. I move back and forth, in and out, arching my back, and using his cock as my tool of pleasure. He rubs on the inside of me so well and I grind on him, and start to shake.

"Keep going, baby," he says.

So I keep going. I alternate my back to arched and not, all my weight, and less of my weight, deep inside and not so deep, until I find a rhythm. I feel his warmth between my legs and I look and him and he at me. Closer, closer, I can feel myself letting go. My breathing is hard and fast. Closer, closer, He doesn't need to say it, I can see it in his eyes. I feel loved. I feel beautiful, I feel desired. My breathing is that of a sprint runner. Closer, closer, I feel safe. I feel free.

"Come for me," he says.

My muscles tense up without warning, and I start to shudder, from my torso to my hips, as my body tells me its reached its limit. I let out a small growl of ecstasy before shuddering a little more and letting myself collapse on his chest, as he strokes my hair and whispers into my ear, "That's my girl." I let my breathing return to a more rested state.

"Your turn" I say, knowing we can't have much time left. 

He rolls me off of him and manipulates my body so that I'm lying on my back, but with my legs in a side scissor position, like my bottom half is lying sideways, with the top knee up. He positions himself and enters me, with one hand on my ass, the other on the floor to steady himself. He starts pounding, slowly at first. He surveys my body, admiring our union, then he looks at me and smiles. He keeps pounding me, pushing deeper and deeper each time. After the first few he starts to breath heavily. I tell him to fuck me. I tell him harder.

He obliges and I I feel him rubbing inside me again. He manipulates me again into the missionary position. Classic.

In and out. His breathing gets heavier, mixed with seemingly uncontrolled vocalizations that could be considered grunts

He pushes deeper and deeper, faster and faster, breaths heavier and heavier. And I match him. The angle is different, I can feel his cock, and I can feel the slight changes he makes with every pump, how it shifts inside me and gives him pleasure. He starts to breath harder, carrying me along. I shut my eyes, and he kicks my body up and down with his hips again and again, in and out, in and out. Staring into his eyes, I can feel my breasts moving to the rhythm. The look on his face changes with every movement. His eyes start to have an inexplicable look for concern mixed with pleasure until he immediately stops making noise and pulls his cock out. He lets out a massive groan and deposits his thick warm, goo on my stomach. He looks at his gift to me, then back to me and smiles. 

"I love you."

"I love you."

He kisses me on the lips, with a calm assurance. He looks down and makes an executive decision. He moves his head down and sucks up all of his load off of my belly, then moves back to my mouth and kisses me, letting it flow into my mouth to taste his salty love. Once he's made the transfer, he pulls away, and tells me to swallow. I oblige happily as I look at that face of his. 

While we start to get our clothes back on, a fire truck pulls up.

Walking in front of him, as we start toward the exit, I ask, "Didn't we come to the store for milk?"

"Yeah", he says.

"Are we even out of milk?" I ask.

"Of course not." 

As the firemen rush past us, berating us for possibly being killed, I look back and he's smiling a mischievous smile.

I break out laughing and we walk out the door, bound for home.