 The smell of fresh rain was heavy on the night air, and a small breeze was felt on the back of my neck, from the open window inside the small room. The June sun had been raging all day, and the hot little room, that served as my office, was stifling to say the least. Droplets of sweat had already traveled down my neck, to pool at the small of my back. My damp, black, tank top was stuck to me like a second skin and I was wishing for a cold shower. I stared at the stack of work to my left, on my desk, yet to be done for the morning meeting, angrily.

My eyes seem to burn with fatigue, just looking at the pile at my right.

"Ok, one more E-mail to finish writing, and I'll jump in the shower to cool off."

My fingers tap with a rhythm of their own, pushed forward to complete their task, quickly. I stretch my fingers, and attempt to keep my focus on my task, as I long for a long massage and a cool shower.

"Done."

"Finally," I say, out loud to the silent room.

I lean back into my leather, executive chair, letting my hot cheek rest on a piece of the cool leather.

"I'll finish the rest of the stack, tomorrow. I'm too tired tonight," I think to myself.

My eyes drift shut for a second, as my mind focuses in on the memory of you. The way you laugh, the sound of your husky voice, late at night, the way you touched me the other night, igniting both of our passions in minutes, when you put your hand underneath my...

"Oh my God, I am need you tonight, baby," I think to myself.

My mind recalling, the way you looked at that exact moment, the way you clenched your teeth, and the sound of your intense release.

You've been away on business, as usual, and tonight I have been longing for you.

I tell myself to stop fantasizing about our last, passionate tryst, and go cool myself, when I hear a key in the door. I open my eyes, startled, knowing you're not due back until another three days. I settle back into the deep chair when I hear the refrigerator door open and close. I remember that tonight is the night the maid comes in.

I offer a sigh of relief, and rest my head back on the chair, for just one more minute of contemplation. I count to my right.

"One…two, three, four more E-mails to write for the morning. Hell, I'm almost done."

I sit up, intent on putting this long, hectic day behind me, for good. I stretch my hands to the ceiling, doing a yoga pose, trying to relieve the tension in my back. My tank top lifts off of my stomach, exposing my tan abdomen.

I begin to massage my own neck with my hands and suddenly, I feel as if I'm not alone in the humid room. I continue massaging my neck, in slow, small, deliberate circles, trying to shake the uneasy feeling I have, when I feel a wet kiss on my upper arm, and a shiver runs down my back.

"Oh My God, you scared the hell out of me, baby." 

I start to turn around to welcome you, but your strong hands stop me from turning, and I feel a shiver of anticipation in my stomach.

"Hi, sexy. Miss me?"

"Hmmm….I was just thinking of you my, love."

"You were?," you whisper into my ear.

Your hands lift the damp, stray hairs off my neck, so you can kiss the skin underneath.

I feel your tongue lick up the nape of my neck, and my mind races as to what you have in mind for me.

"I've missed you, brat," you whisper in my ear.

"I missed this, all day, love."

"Missed this, huh?," you ask, as you kiss the back of my neck, letting your teeth scrape around to the side of my neck.

"Uh ..huh, especially that," I say, as I start to turn around.

"Don't move, let me have my fun tonight," you say into my ears, causing my heart to pound.

"But I want to touch you too, I need to touch you...."

"Not, tonight. I'll tell you what to do tonight.

"Just close your eyes, and forget how tired you are, let me tease you for once, vixen."

I feel your hands brush up and down my back, as the realization of your words seep in.

I'm getting turned on already, yet your hell bent on teasing me.

I wait, as my cheeks grow warm in the hot room from the heat outside, and the heat you are creating already, with your hands roaming my slick body.

You lift my damp tank top off my sweaty back, as I protest.

"Hun...I need a shower, it's been hot as hell today, let me go get...."

You silence my mouth with a strong hand clamped on my lips.

I feel you bend behind me, you lean in to me and whisper "shhhhhhh....."

Your hands are in my hair, unfastening it, from it's sensible French twist. Running your hands through it's thick, dark mass, you lift it to your face, inhaling it's scent, as it hits my shoulders.

"Your beautiful."

The touch of your fingers on my scalp, sends shivers to my toes.

"Relax...let me love you."

Your hands hook under my top, and I feel a cool sensation as you lift my tank top off, and over my head, exposing my large breasts and bare back to your eyes.

I feel you hesitate for an instant, and than I suck in my breath, as I feel you run an ice cube across my neck, feeling it melting down my back, as your other hand comes around my front, silently asking permission to love my right breast.

My nipple hardens instantly in your hand and my full breast grows from your kneading.

"Mmmm….that feels good."

I moan out loud, the double sensations of the ice cube as you trace small circles on my back, and your hand rubbing across my hard, aching nipple, sends desire slamming into my loins.

I feel the tension in the air, and I want to rush, you want to prolong. 

To torture.

I feel a sweet throbbing begin deep inside, as your use your thumb to pull my skirt down, exposing the back of my black thong.

"Mmmm...my favorite," you say as you turn the chair towards you.

Finally, I can touch, and gaze upon your handsome face, yet you stop me from undressing you yet, and my eyes beg you to let me taste you, to let me suck on you to a fast release.

"Don't look at me like that...you'll get your chance,witchy woman."

I look at you fascinated, as I watch you pop the ice cube into your mouth, and bend forward, taking my erect nipple into your mouth.

"Mmmmm......"

I suck in air as a pressure builds, as you expertly suck my nipple drawing it out as if tasting a mother's milk.

Your tongue trails to the other one, exciting me more, as I feel your teeth bite me gently, pulling at my nipple.

"Open your legs for me, love."

I open my legs, and take my skirt and thong off as well, eager to couple with you.

Your hands run over my back, and under my ass, kneading the soft, firm flesh there. You bend forward, taking my ear lobe between your teeth, as your tongue flicks over it, I shudder.

"Mmm.you like that, I see."

"Uh huh..."I choke out as you kiss the front of my neck, letting your tongue lick down between my breasts.

I pull your head up to kiss you. My tongue takes over, as I try to tell you to fuck me like this, soon, but you lazily stroke the inside of my mouth, as your hands stroke the inside of my inner thighs, taunting me.

Ignoring my whimpers.

My hands refuse to be still, as they reach under your shirt and peel it away from you, so that my hands may run across your hot flesh, the scent of you so familiar and sexy, that alone making me wet, leaving the evidence on the leather seat.

You take your pants off and look at me wickedly and as my hands wrap around your engorged penis, I lift it to my lips for a salty kiss, as I lick over the tip in a fast lap.

"No, sweetheart, not yet, I'll cum if you do that right now, push the chair back from the desk a little bit ok? I have a surprise for you."

I push back from the desk and watch as you kneel in front of me and lift my legs over your shoulders. 

"Close your eyes."

I hear the rattle of ice cubes in a cup, and anticipate what you have in mind.

I wait.

I feel your hot breath on my inner thigh, and than feel a cool tip of an ice cube as you trace the junction of my hip bones, up and down, making me lift my ass.

I hate to be teased.

My body is aching for you to finish, yet you slowly rub the ice cube on my mound and I feel the trickle of melted water flow down me, wetting my hair, causing me to moan.

You run the ice cube over my lips and my heart starts to pound.

I feel you parting me, and I hear that audible sigh of appreciation that you always make when your about to taste me.

"Uhhh..," you sigh as you breath in my scent.

Your thumbs are caressing my lips on either side, and I feel anxious, until you place the ice cube directly on my clit, sending my ass off the chair, with a lurch of my hips

"Uhhh…God…more..."

"You want more baby? You like this?," you taunt rubbing and than sliding the ice cube down, and up me, further down until inside of me, as it begins to melt fast with my hotness.

My moans are making you hard and I can see your erection through pushing against your trousers. I want you to forgo this entire foreplay routine and fuck me fast, but your stubborn and you take another ice cube out and ram it into me,

making me sit up straighter

"Oh my god that feels good."

I feel your thumb massaging my clit in a slow, soft circle, igniting it, yet never rushing.

Driving me insane.

I feel your hot breath on my exposed lips, as you dart your tongue over my clit, sucking hard, intent on making me cum in this manner. I hold onto the arms of the chair and concentrate on breathing.

Your tongue is insistent and I feel you place a finger inside me and I turn my head to bite my lip.

"Baby, your so hot and tight, should I put another in you?" you ask me staring into my eyes.

"Would you like that?," you tease as you place another thick finger inside my throbbing vagina.

My hips move of their own accord, off the leather seat, as you resume sucking on my clit and finger fucking me.

Faster your fingers slide into me.

Wet and slippery. And I can feel the wetness against my inner thighs, your tongue darts down to my vagina, where your fingers were, seconds ago, and you lick up and down.

Up and down.

Probing me like a minature dick.

I moan, and clench my long legs around your head, 

arnd I feel your hands lifting my ass so im closer to your face.

"Cum."

You say it demandingly.

"Cum."

As your tongue sucks on my clit my vision burs, my hips begging to thrust, in a wild frenzy, as I feel the shivers start.

I come in a heap around your face, still shaking around your tongue.

You stick your fingers into me and than withdraw them, lifting them to your lips, licking them.

Arousing me again just by watching you.

"You taste sweet, my love, here your essence," you say in a husky voice, as you rub your fingers across my lips,and slip them inside my mouth.

I greedily suck your fingers into my mouth. And thrill at hearing you catch your breath.

"Get up," you order.

I stand, naked in front of you, proud breasts aching for your hands again.

You turn me around, so I'm facing my desk and computer screen.

I hear the swish of leather as you sit down upon my chair, and than I feel your hands lifting me to sit on your lap.

Your penis in between us.

Teasing us both, I wiggle, trying to place your huge member inside me, already excited again.

But your hands slow me and caress my back, kneading my neck, lifting my hair.

I hear the words "I want you," as you lift my ass in your strong hands, and tell me to put my hands on my desk.

I obey.

And moan, as I feel the full, wet tip of your penis between us and your hips, rubbing it up and down, inside of my moist lips, over my clit making it moist with your drops.

I ache for you to be inside me and I try to grind down on your member, as your fingers find my clit, and start to rub firm, yet gentle stokes around the sides, and than directly on top. I feel you raise your hips and pull me back to you.

"Now," you growl out, your desire evident in your voice.

I lift up so that you may have access to my vagina, and I feel you push forward enough so that your huge tip goes in to me and you stay that way.

Teasing me.

Driving me wild.

I want all of you in one quick thrust, yet you remain only an inch inside of me.

I want to beg, I feel you slightly move.

"Mmmmmm.....," I moan as you kiss my shoulder and hold onto my arms.

II try to sit back, but you tell me to lean forward, don't move yet.

You wiggle underneath me, and stroke the tip in and out of my wetness lubricating and mixing our fluids together, than I feel your hands on my breasts squeezing and as I moan, you lurch forward in one deep, pounding motion.

I feel the familiar fullness of your throbbing dick inside of my vagina and I squeeze tight as you moan.

Knowing how this drives you crazy.

You tell me to stop, but I squeeze unmercifully, wanting to pay you back for teasing me.

I can feel your balls on my ass, as we sit there for a second your hand bringing me close to orgasm.

"Oh god. I can't take much more Hun…."

You laugh and

You lift my ass off your huge dick and than slam me back again and again, my hands gripping the sides of the desk.

Holding on.

Your fierce, demanding, I take you.

I love it. 

My head rest on the computer screen. 

My hips meet your pounding thrusts, as I feel the shiver of another orgasm start to recoil inside of me.

Your thrusts become more demanding and our moans are mingled in the night air.

I cry out as you twist my nipple in your hand, and lean back into you, pumping you back.

I feel your hands digging into my hips. You rock your hips deep inside of me, and I growl, as you hit the spot your aiming for.

I reciprocate.

Bobbing up and down your dick.

Loving the feelings your creating inside of me.

I start to shake.

You place your hands on my hips, slowing me, demanding that I let you control this ride.

Pounding into my tight, wet vagina.

I groan as I feel my toes beginning to cur,l and my muscles inside my vagina contracting.

You moan. 

"Don't squeeze me like that, I'll cum to fast, baby," you say through clenched teeth.

I laugh wickedly and turn my head.

"That's my intention," I say, as you slam my hips back onto your huge penis.

Your hands are squeezing my shoulders, and your tempo increases,

Stronger than before.

You pull out of me, and my body quakes.

You put your hand in my hair and pull strong, not fiercely so my neck snaps back a little ,"I love you," you whisper.

"Cum," you demand, as you slam into my body.

"Cum, now."

You withdraw entirely,and I start to make mewling sounds, begging you to come back inside of me.

"Cum, I know your close," you say, teasing me.

My body starts trembling of its own accord.

You moan my name.

Your hands reach around me and you flick your fingers over my sensitive nipples as you plunge deeper into me.

"Cum, with me," you demand.

My fingers bite into the wood on my desk as you press hard on my clit and increase your thrusting,

I scream out.

My legs quaking and squeezing you.

"Baby, I'm Cumming," you moan as our climaxes build. 

You continue to increase your pace.

A mixture of pain and pleasure.

As you pinch hard on my nipples.

I can't take much more.

My eyes flutter shut.

My lips swell red.

"Cum, my love," you say.

"Ohhhh godddddd "I scream.

My orgasm is so intense.

I cant breath.

I squeeze you with my strong vagina muscles for all im worth I feel your throbbing penis.

"I'm Cumming," you scream.

I feel your body shake with mine spurting your seed inside me

Warming me.

Exciting me as I feel it send forth another stream,

And lastly another.

My vagina squeezes your still hard erection and you bite my shoulder.

I can still feel your head inside me throbbing as I lean back into you.

Still inside of me.

My vagina twinging.

Kissing your dick inside of me.

Where you belong.

You place your arms around me I lean back on you and close my eyes.