 I awake to the dawn, soft tendrils of light streaming in from the bedroom window. I smile to find your arms wrapped around me, holding me safe and warm in your embrace. I twist slightly in your arms to look at you. You make a small noise and try to hold onto me, fearing that I will leave your side. No worries, there, my love... I am going nowhere. Your breathing evens out as I settle, leaning on one shoulder. As I gaze upon your peaceful, sleeping face, I am once more touched by the knowledge that you love me. I spent so many years in love with you, never knowing you felt the same until that night when we could no longer hold our feelings back from each other. And now, here you are beside me, my every desire come true.

Very gently, so as not to wake you, I brush your hair out of your face. I am amazed, as always, at how gorgeous and terribly sexy you are. Familiar feelings of lust overtake me, fueled by the depth of my love for you. You do things to me and make me feel things no one else ever has or could.

I sigh deeply, remembering last night. Closing my eyes for a brief moment, I recall the feel of your hands and mouth all over my body. I remember the peaks of pleasure we took each other to, the wild look in your eyes and the sound of my name on your lips as we scaled the heights of passion. I can still feel the warmth and wetness between my legs and I reach a hand down to find very real evidence of our love-making. I grin evilly as I realize that I have held your juices inside me all night as we slept. Relaxing my muscles a tiny bit, I feel the wetness ooze out slightly and then once again tighten up. I run a finger through the fluids then brush against my clit, sharply inhaling at the sensation this causes, as I draw my hand upward toward my mouth. My finger is slick and shiny with our combined juices and I cannot resist the temptation to taste them.

The taste is tangy and slightly salty, absolutely delicious. I want so much to share this with you so I once again reach down, then bring my cum-slicked hand to your mouth and gently pass my wet fingertips across your lips, delighting in the look it gives your mouth. I lean over and begin to kiss you softly. I can smell the heady, musky scent as you begin to stir and I deepen the kiss. I draw back and you sigh as you open your eyes, smiling. I smile back. You start to say something and I place my finger across your lips. "Quiet," I whisper. The look in your eyes is quizzical but smoldering and it spurs me on.

I push the covers down to expose your body to my gaze. You are already hard and it is all I can do to restrain myself from straddling your body and riding you. My eyes sweep back up and lock onto yours. I break into a slow, seductive smile as my hands roam across your chest, down your stomach, between your thighs. For a moment, I take your swollen cock into both my hands, stroking it's length. Oh, how I love the feel of you in my hands! I release you and you gasp audibly. "Baby..." you start to say, but I shake my head. "Hush," I command you. "Not a word, understand?" You nod and there is a haze of anticipation on your beautiful face.

I turn my body until I am facing your feet and move myself onto your face. I lean over you as I lightly graze your mouth with my clean-shaven pussy. You flick your tongue at me and I shudder. You bring me down further with your hands and begin to lick me, stroking my clit with the tip of your tongue. I press my mound down harder, silently begging you to eat me. I feel you teasing me, licking me, and then I cry out as you slip your tongue into my wet depths, fucking me with it. Abruptly you stop but your mouth is immediately on my clit again and you take it between your teeth gently, pulling just enough to drive me wild. I had wanted to take this slower, to tease you until it was unbearable, but all I can do is ride your face as intense warmth spreads through my entire being.

My breath comes faster and I grind against your mouth harder. You suck at my clit while every now and then you teasingly lick me. I want to cum and I tell you. "Please, baby, make me cum!" I am so close now and find that the shoe is on the other foot -- I am the one who is being teased until it is unbearable. I whimper softly, wishing for release. I know that you are pleased with yourself at having turned things around but you have little idea of the surprise I have planned for you. 

My body begins to shudder with the first pangs of orgasm. I can no longer control my actions or reactions; I can only give in to the sensations enveloping me. Your hands run across my body, up to my breasts to pinch my very sensitive nipples. As you roll them in your adept fingers, my whimpers become screams and my body is wracked by one delicious contraction after another. I become aware that I am cumming into your mouth and that small part of me which is still coherent is thrilled, knowing that I am flooding your mouth with both my own fresh fluids and those from last night's love-making. I hear a muffled cry from you and know that my surprise has been received most willingly.

As my body begins to recover, I roll off your face and turn to look at you. Your face is slick and wet, your eyes dark with the heat of passion. You reach out and grab a handful of my hair, pulling my face down to yours. You kiss me almost violently, plundering my mouth with your tongue. Once again, I taste our juices on your lips but this time it is more intense. Crazy with lust, you pull me atop you. I straddle you and lower my body onto yours, impaling myself with every inch of your hard cock.

What started tenderly has become wild and rough. We lock eyes and see in each other the heated depths. I ride you, harder and harder, feeling your cock move in and out of my hot pussy. You place your hands at the small of my back, holding me at such an angle that I can feel you very deep inside me. We move together, every stroke bringing us closer to exquisite sensations for which there are no words. You thrust upward to meet my every move. Your breathing is harsh and ragged and I know you are close to exploding.

The room is filled with the scents and sounds of raw sex as I cry out, "Yes! Fuck me, baby. Fuck me!" Our bodies slam together ever harder and as I begin to cum again, I hear you gasp. Your body stiffens at the onset of your orgasm and you call out my name between clenched teeth. My senses are overtaken -- the sight, smell, and sound of you drive me over the edge and I can feel my pussy grip tightly at your thrusting cock. Waves of pleasure fill my body, just as you fill my pussy with your hot load. We ride the waves together, clinging to each other as if for life.

I collapse upon your chest, still shuddering and feeling the muscles in my pussy contract uncontrollably. Our breathing becomes quieter as we lie there. You gently stroke my hair and whisper into my ear, "I love you, baby." Wonder and amazement in my eyes, I raise my head to look at you. No matter how many times we make love, the pleasure I feel with you is never diminished.

"I love you," I softly say and kiss you tenderly. "That was supposed to last longer," I add with a small chuckle as I cuddle beside you.

"We have the whole weekend for that," you reply with a grin. We laugh for a moment, contemplating what the weekend might bring, and then you wrap your arms around me once more as we steal a few hours' more sleep.