 "Follow me," she said with a sexy smile. "I have a surprise for you."

"Oh yeah? Now that sounds interesting," I replied, grinning. Watching her tight little ass bounce lightly in front of me widened my grin to a smile as I followed her first up the stairs, then down the hallway to the bedroom. I could already feel the first stirrings in my cock as my curious mind wondered what she had in store.

Once inside she turned around, her chestnut hair settling on her shoulders. She was stunning on any given day, but I always thought she looked best when she was really horny and in need of a good hard fuck. Maybe the excitement and anticipation brought out the flecks of green in her hazel eyes, or added just the right amount of flush to her already modelesque face. Or maybe it had nothing to do with the look at all, but a change in her mood, in the way she carried herself. I don't know, but whatever it was it never failed to get me going.

She stood in front of me, lightly running her hands across my shoulders and down my arms. She took my hands and brought them to her voluptuous tits, my hands cupping in reflex action as my thumbs began to circle her nipples through the fabric of the shirt and bra.

While I was busy with that she began to unbutton my shirt, taking her time and slowly separating each button from its corresponding slot. Then she moved on to my jeans, first unbuckling the belt then opening that button too. Her hand followed the zipper down, sneaking inside to run her fingers along my rapidly hardening cock from outside my boxers. I could feel her breathing start to quicken and her nipples harden as she felt my excitement increasing.

I moaned as her hand left my pants and she placed my arms back at my sides. "Can't have you getting too excited yet, we have a long way to go," she giggled, continuing to undress me.

My shirt fell easily to the floor, followed by my t-shirt. She ran her hands over my chest and shoulders again before dropping to her knees and adding my jeans to the pile of clothes.

"Mmmmmm," she purred, looking at the bulge in my boxers, then up at me from her vantage point below. She had a decidedly devious look on her face, and again I wondered excitedly what she was planning.

"OK, now your turn," she said, "but no touching below the waist until I say."

"Anything you want," I said with a chuckle. It's not uncommon for her to be a little aggressive at times, but she's far from dominant. I usually just humor her until she moves past it. This was definitely an odd request for her though.

Regardless, I happily obliged. She knows I love undressing her, so I figured she was just teasing me in an effort to get me ramped up more than normal. It was working of course, shown by the growing wet spot on my boxes. She had obviously caught on that I enjoy the teasing too.

I started with a long lusty kiss, our tongues entwining and chasing each other as our lips played together. We parted and I moved on to her neck while the pile of clothes collected her blouse. I took my time tracing the line down one side and up the other, lightly kissing and running my lips and tongue across the skin. "Ooohhh," she moaned again. Rewarded, I moved my hands to her back and unclasped her bra.

Holding it in place, I moved down her front. My tongue slid through her cleavage, the heavy globes of her breasts dragging across my cheeks as I went. I continued down and across the bottom of the lacy fringe, looking up occasionally to see her smiling in giddy satisfaction. I removed the bra and reversed direction.

This time my mouth trailed up from the underside of her breast to meet the nipple. Simultaneously circling it with my tongue and sucking with my lips brought goose bumps to her flesh and she let her head fall back with a groan. 

Repeating this action on her other tit brought a louder groan as my hands began to make their way to her shorts. Dropping to my knees, I managed to remove them and get my fingers just inside the waist of her panties before she stopped my hands short of their target.

"Uh-uh," she grinned, "remember my rule."

"Oh, right," I chuckled, a little disappointed.

I could smell her sex from where I knelt, and realized we'd just reversed positions from a few minutes earlier. Looking forward I couldn't help but also give the same "Mmmmm" moan she had. There was already the start of a wet spot in her panties and my mouth watered at the thought of tasting her.

"Now I want you to lie on your back on the bed," she ordered. Again with the commands. She was in rare form tonight for sure.

I crawled onto the bed, reclining comfortably. She climbed in from the foot of the bed far enough to hook the waist of my boxers with her fingers, then slid back off the bed. As she pulled them down, my still hard cock made a slapping sound as it was freed from its bondage and flopped back against my stomach. She licked her lips at the sight and returned to the bed between my legs.

"Oh, so that's my surprise?" I asked.

"Not even close," she chuckled, and proceeded to start teasing my balls with her tongue.

"Huh?" I mumbled, confused but not really caring much as her lips made their way up the shaft to the head, engulfing it. My eyes rolled back and now I was the one with my head back moaning deeply as she swirled her tongue around the head and stroked the shaft with her hand.

She alternated between rolling her tongue around and under my balls, and sliding it up the shaft. Her lips tickling against the sensitive skin sent sparks through my body and my vision quickly blurred in a wash of ecstasy. I could feel my cum starting to boil inside me as each pass forced out a stream of pre-cum that she moaned at and hungrily slurped up before starting again.

Just when I thought I'd blow my load for sure she stopped, squeezing my cock below the head to bring my excitement level down. I groaned again in disappointment.

"Don't worry, I won't leave you on simmer too much longer," she winked, rolling over to the other side of the bed.

Lying on her back with her legs bent so her pussy was facing me, she pulled her legs up to give me a better view. She was normally super wet during sex so it wasn't uncommon for her to soak her panties before I had a chance to get them off.

Even for her this was extreme though. The fabric was so wet it had become nearly transparent. I could see the outline of her already engorged pussy and the shadowy hint of her hard clit beneath.

She made a show of slowly removing her panties. The silky fabric slid down over her ass, sticking to her pussy as she pulled them down her thighs. Little strings of her cum trailed behind, stretching out until they separated from her panties to fall across the smooth skin of her inner thighs and the little patch of hair she left unshaven atop her mound. The rest of her bare pussy shimmered in the light, slick with her juices and a deep pink from her excitement. Now I really wanted desperately to dive in and taste her.

"You like that, huh?" she said, noticing my slack-jawed stare.

"Oh yeah," I replied, already moving toward her.

She stopped me mid-motion and pushed me back. Tossing her panties atop the now completed clothes pile she reached under the covers for her vibrator ("How had I not noticed that was hiding there?!" I wondered). Throwing a leg over my chest, she straddled my face, careful to stay far enough away that I couldn't reach her with my mouth.

"Now don't forget, no touching until I say." She winked again at me as she started working the little pocket rocket vibe around her clit. I was entranced by the view as her lips parted and closed around it and her moaning took on a deeper, more urgent tone. 

As her playing continued the wet spot at the entrance to her pussy began to grow, ebbing forward closer and closer to the edge as a droplet began to form. I was fixated on the drop, willing it to fall. It took all my willpower not to give in to my overwhelming urge to pull her down to me so I could have it.

I didn't have long to wait. The drop grew too large to be contained and fell, the reward for my patience landing on my tongue and filling me with excitement. The taste was indescribably erotic, and I wanted more, much more. Thankfully the first drop was not the last, and another quickly followed.

Through the haze of my excitement I noticed her moaning was getting louder and increasing with the pace of her now audible breathing. Her chest was heaving and I could tell she was nearing what was sure to me a momentous climax. Another droplet found my tongue and I felt her thighs begin to quiver.

"OK, now go!" she groaned.

I didn't need a second offer. I dove in tongue first, scooping out her cum as she peaked. Her pussy spasmed against me, the lips sucking against mine as the pulses of her orgasm crashed over her. She moved the vibe frantically back and forth across her clit, her body thrashing and bucking against my face as she rode out wave after wave of pleasure.

I slid my tongue down from her pussy to the crease of her ass, lightly gliding across the rippled skin on one side of her asshole, the back up the other. I know she loves how it feels and I've used it before to push her back over the top after a big orgasm. This time was no different.

With a moan of renewed excitement she leaned further back to give me better access and groaned as my tongue drove her over the top a second time. She thrust her hips forward and backward, grinding her pussy against my mouth and riding my tongue from stem to stern. Crying out in passion as her orgasm bloomed and peaked, it was all I could do to hold her in place as she quickly lost control and slumped to her side.

I continued lightly running my tongue around her sex as her furious vibe pace slowed. Her heavy breathing reached a more relaxing level and she smiled at me from her new position.

"Oh my god," was all she could manage.

"My thoughts exactly. That was quite a surprise," I smiled, and returned her wink from earlier.

She giggled and that devious smile returned again. "Nope." Apparently that wasn't it either.

"Now I want you to fuck me."

"I thought you'd never ask," I joked, and moved from between her legs.

In all the excitement my cock had created a pretty sizeable pool of pre-cum on my stomach, and as I was about to roll over she caught site of it.

"Mmmmmm, allow me," she said with a lick of her lips. Rolling over and reversing herself, she made quick work of the excess. She used her hand to tease and lightly pump my half hard cock while she licked and sucked up the mess.

When that was gone she moved on to my cock, forcing it into her mouth as far as she could. The tightness of her throat made me groan loudly, and I could feel myself returning to full hardness in the warmth and wetness of her throat.

She pulled back to catch a breath, then slowly moved her head forward again until her nose was on my stomach. I put my hands around her head and moved her up and down, forcing my cock as far down her throat as I could, then releasing her to breathe before starting again.

I could hear her moaning, loving my control of her in such a vulnerable situation. It turns her on immensely to be at my mercy like this and still know she can trust me explicitly not to hurt or exploit her. I could already tell it was working by the hardening of her nipples and the way she was circling her hips to create friction between her legs. I decided it was time to give her what she had asked for.

I started by moving off the bed and pulling her toward me to the edge. One quick twist of her body and her legs were on the floor. She was perfectly positioned bent over in front of me with her top half face down on the bed.

My cock slid easily inside her, our simultaneous groan announcing both her wetness and my hardness as I began to fuck her. I moved slowly at first, not necessary thanks to all our foreplay but intensely pleasurable for us both.

After a short time of enjoyment my need deepened and I began to drive into her in earnest, her shapely ass slapping against me as my thrusts became more insistent. I grabbed both her hips just below the hourglass curve of her torso and used the leverage to pound my cock as deep as it would go. Her hands digging into the bedsheets signaled her approval as I increased the pace.

Knowing this much action would put me over the edge way too soon, I pulled out and flipped her over. With her back on the bed, I could put her legs on my shoulders and plow her easily.

Her hands met my shoulders as my thumb met her clit. As I watched my cock disappear and reappear with each thrust I felt her nails dig in as another orgasm barreled through her. It was all I could do not to follow her as I squeezed back my own rising tide an enjoyed watching her thrash around on my tool until her orgasm faded.

My cock and balls were now both covered in her cum as I slid it out and pushed her back to the middle of the bed. I love having her ride me to orgasm, and as close as I was would have normally gone to that at this point. However this time for some unknown reason I had a need to fuck her from the top, so instead I moved above her and immediately returned to pummeling her now sopping pussy.

I was driving into her hard now, her tits bouncing from the impact. My cock filled her to the brim, making smacking slurping noises from the action. The sight was pure heaven for me, her incredible body below me and her angelic face contorted in pleasure.

The room was awash in the smell of our sex and the sounds of our moans. I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. Her grinding intensified and her head arched back as yet another orgasm flooded through her. The sight of her convulsing in ecstasy was all I could take.

I could feel my balls tightening and my orgasm building. A quick 'Ohhh' was all I could manage for a warning before my orgasm followed hers. As the wave crashed over me I fired my first barrage into her still clenching pussy. Its warm and slippery arrival brought her back to reality. When a second stream followed she pushed me back, grabbing my cock in her hand and pumping the next two blasts against her clit. I watched in orgasmic bliss as they ran down her pussy, coating the lips.

She continued drawing out every last drop I had against her sex, rubbing the head of my cock around her pussy and slipping it into and out of her hole as my climax began to fade. Surprisingly, she didn't stop there though. Apparently she was trying for one last peak of her own.

My softening cock made for the perfect tool as she worked our mixture of cum around her coated pussy. She was pumping me and working herself against me with so much fervor that I couldn't help getting aroused again. As she felt my cock hardening her excitement also built, and it wasn't long before we were both breathing hard together again.

Shocking even myself, I felt my second load steaming its way forward and rode the excitement as she worked herself up to the edge with my cock. When her orgasm arrived I was right there with her, and she again pumped my cum onto her pussy.

This time some of it landed against the back of her fingers as she rubbed her clit with her other hand to propel her orgasm onward. It slid down her fingers to her pussy, pooling at the entrance to her hole with our previous loads.

While our climaxes faded she continued to work my cock around like before, scooping our cum out with it and smearing the mess around while moaning in pleasure. It was a long time before either of us could speak.

"Wow! Now that was amazing!" I finally managed to say.

"Surprise!" she said.