 The sun started to shine off the slow moving ocean. She could see the tall grass swaying, birds playing in the wind. She had been awake for a few moments. Last night was wonderful, a nice dinner, a comedy club for laughs and back here for tender love. He was still asleep, laying on his side, back to the window; facing her. He looked so calm, peaceful where hours earlier he reduced them both to intertwined lovers, sharing all they could. She had always wondered what it must feel to try this morning thrill. There would be a chance he wouldn't accept it. But still, she had always thought about it, never asked anyone...now was the time.

She placed her hand on his pelvis...slightly...and turned him onto his back. The open window let in the sounds of the ocean...waves, gulls, somewhere a boat. He still slept and she decided to leave the covers over him, really wanting him to wake up later...not now. She moved two pillows down into the bed, careful not to touch him. Then she made her move, knowing he could awake anytime soon. But, he was awake...not moving, eyes closed. When she turned him onto his back, she had placed the heel of her hand on his pelvis...if he was ticklish, it was right there. He too had always wanted to be woken up this way...is that what she is planning? As it turned out, both had always wanted this new thrill, but neither had said so.

She slowly lowered herself under the covers and propped herself up on the pillows. She moved her mouth towards him. His cock was so small, resting. Amazing to think the change it goes through she thought. She had of course played with it, touched it, caressed it many times, but had never experienced it going from this minute harmless size to the role of pleasure maker.

Her lips were moist now; she opened them, releasing warm, moist breath on his loins.

He felt the warm air and now was secure in knowing this may be the wake up call he'd had always wanted, to feel it grow inside her mouth.

She touched his head with her lip, a slight kiss. Opening her lips again she brought him into her mouth. Soft and innocent, she did not move. Nor did she rest her head on him. She wanted the only feeling he had, if any, was her warm mouth on him.

The warmth was not intense, but exaggerated. The smallness inside her mouth, felt new, warmer. He felt the sensation of him getting larger. He wasn't sure how long to fend this sleeping...a few more moments...

The cock in her mouth started to warm up and she felt it grow...the sensation was thrilling. Slowly it grew in her mouth. She opened further to give it the space it now needed. It became wider...longer. She could feel the pressure in her mouth as he grew inside her. She moved so more could be inside her. His hips slightly moved and she knew he had to be awake now...he'd have to be!

She cupped her hand under his balls...firmly...he grew more and she thinks he was fully erect now. His balls started to move slightly, reacting to the chemical, physical and sexual changes she created in this man.

He was hard now...she had not moved her head, rather the warmth of the mouth and the caressing she had just started on his tip...she touched his balls and held her hand on them. He could feel her nail brush against the inside of his thigh...a notice to him to relax and enjoy the ride (as it were).

He started to move his hips, creating the movement like the ocean before them.... The sun was now streaming in. He slid the linen sheet down...he saw her chest on the pillows, one hand between his legs. The sun lighted her ass. It was so shapely connecting to such strong legs. As he moved his hips, she placed her right hand on them, pressing down. Then she wiggled her finger at him, telling him "no no... do not move..." He stopped, she continued.

Her lips were clasped around his shaft, about 2/3 of the way down. She took the base in her hand and slid her lips slowly...so slowly up his wet, hard masterpiece. As her lip came to the base of his head, she squeezed them around him and he let out a breath, almost a gasp.... She knew he was in agony, not being able to move.

She tilted her head to her left, his cock slipping out, and her tongue now lashing him. He reached down and slipped her hair from her face behind her ear and they stared into each other's eyes. The air coming in the window against his warm wet and now exposed cock...felt cool to the feeling. In a few moments, he went from deep comfortable sleep to being warmed...growing inside her mouth to coolness like the altoids she sometimes uses when she sucks him.

As they gazed, she kept her hand under him. She kept her fingers just behind his balls to wait to feel him coming...she went down on him again, arching his back...gasping and groaning.

He wanted to feel the back of her mouth with the tip of his cock...but today she kept a smooth rhythm on him. She released saliva on him...creating less friction, but she increased the pressure she had on him.

Doing so, she could feel the beginning of the contractions. Where her hand was, she could feel the muscles start to let go.

He watched her, he was close to coming and he watched her. She was such a tender lover, he wanted this to last, but the first wave started...

She held him down, trying to see if he could not react as violent as he normally did. She wanted this experience to include the entire process...so close.

Her breasts were bouncing on his thighs and found herself in want of what he was receiving. But right now she had to finish something.

Another twitch.... she felt the kegal muscles open and close...then as on cue.... she felt the first warmth release of him inside her. He stayed sill, she quickly stopped moving, held the base of his cock and enjoyed the release of his sweetness inside her mouth.

They both paused... his muscles relaxed. She swallowed the salty sweetness of his goodness and released him. She slowly cleaned him with her tongue, as she did, his warm, dark cock slowly began to relax and return to the resting, smaller size.

She moved up to him and they kissed. The wordless exchange of touch could not be said. Their tongues met, probed, and then with both his hands on each side of her face, he gave her his passion. As the kiss subsided, they still stared into each other. Each thinking they both experienced something they both had wanted before they met. Each a smile, she rolled onto her side.

Covers back on them, her head on his chest, they rested yet again.