 After reading feedback from a reader that they have a swap club, I was both excited and motivated to contribute our real wife swapping experience for the benefit of literotica readers, especially for the couples. The story has gone little long but I have tried to recollect each and every detail of the experience. Since I have taken special pains I would request the readers specially the couples to read till the end and forward their views. 

I am a well-placed and handsome officer engineer. My name is Sunny. I have a beautiful wife. Her name is Pooja. WE BELONG TO PUNJAB. Three years before our sex life appeared to become routine though we were regularly having sex. We had been reading stories and seeing blue movies. This introduced us to threesome, foursome, lesbian and wife swapping concepts. Pooja used to get excited seeing a Negro fucking a female with his big cock in the movies. Initially we did not think about swapping too much both of us being from conservative families. But subsequently we started fantasizing while making love. We started telling each other our fantasies thus bringing each other too fantastic climaxes. She would tell a fantasy involving her English professor or a class fellow whom she had liked in her hindsight before marriage but never dared to even think of it. I also started telling her fictions stories about the woman I liked. As the days passed by we started asking whether we would actually like to do it with another partner. I readily agreed. She being a shy lady was hesitant to say yes. But I knew she wanted it. 

Though I was possessive about my beautiful, innocent and sexy wife I took the plunge. I advertised in a couple’s column of a magazine. We got few responses but since we were beginners we selected a couple who are doctors. We met twice but only restricted to stripping, kissing and massaging each other. Though we enjoyed every bit of it but we did not get into fucking each other’s wife. I found myself to be possessive about Pooja where as she seemed to be ready for fuck from the gentleman without hesitation. The lady doctor was also mad after me for fucking her, however I disappointed her too. Finally we were transferred from that city so things came at a temporary halt. After a gap of two years we came across a couple when we finally got into fucking with some other partner. Till date Pooja is ready to be fucked by this man any time. She has become very fond of his thick cock.

Our friends were again introduced through a magazine. After one or two letter exchanges, we exchanged our telephone numbers. To cut it short we met one day at their place. The guy is an electronic engineer and the lady is a housewife. His name is Dheeraj and her name is Swati. Dheeraj is a handsome gentleman with broad shoulders. Swati is a good-looking lady with sexy eyes. It was evening time. Since both of them like drinks we started off with drinks. My wife also started sipping after some resistance since she was a non-drinker. I think Dheeraj had impressed her with his talk. During our discussion Pooja had observed that Dheeraj was an intelligent man. Swati seemed to enjoy her drinks and in between we were exchanging looks exploring each other. In between the discussion Dheeraj mentioned that he had a great cock and no lady has ever said no to him. Swati also confirmed his statement and added that he was very good at fucking. Pooja looked down shyly but at the same time getting impressed. Dheeraj asked her not to feel shy instead enjoy the evening. He told her that one should enjoy every moment of life in each and every form. By this time Dheeraj, Swati and I had finished four drinks each. My darling Pooja was on her first drink. Swati went near her and helped her to finish her drink. Dheeraj poured another drink for every one and moved near Pooja saying that this drink he will have near Pooja. 

Dheeraj gave the glass to Pooja and started praising her beautiful body. He mentioned that she was the most beautiful woman he had ever met. He took a sip from Pooja’s glass and touched the rim of his glass to Pooja’s soft lips. She hesitantly took two or three sips. By this time I could see the huge bulge in Dheeraj’s Bermuda. Encouraged by Pooja’s response he got hold of one of her hands and put it on his bulge. She shyly withdrew her hand after he had made her feel his bulge. At this stage I had a mixed feeling of sex and possessiveness of my wife. Suddenly I saw Dheeraj hold Pooja’s hands and making her sit in his lap. I could see the shy cheeks of Pooja going red with the touch of the hidden cock. He made her finish her drink in his lap. Infact now they were sharing each other’s drink. In between I could see his hand move to her boobs and have an assessment of them. He kissed her gently on the cheek making her comfortable in his lap.

Meanwhile I moved towards Swati and took my arm around her while sitting on the sofa. I cupped my hand on one of her boobs and told her she was looking sexy. We finished our drinks. By this time things had warmed up and every one of us was excited. I kissed Swati on her cheeks and lips. She also reciprocated. Both of us found ourselves looking at Dheeraj and Pooja. Dheeraj had made Pooja sit on his thighs with her legs spread on both sides of his legs and her face towards him. He was sucking and kissing her cheeks and lips madly. Pooja had also surrendered fully to him. He lifted her shirt and started massaging her back. Pooja had closed her eyes with shyness and pleasure. The temptation was too much for Dheeraj as he quickly removed her pink bra and started fondling with her huge breasts very fondly with both hands. I could see Pooja’s erect nipples due to the treatment given by Dheeraj. He was very happy to see her shapely boobs and started sucking them hungrily like a child one by one. While having sucks, bites and licks on Pooja’s tits and nipples Dheeraj removed her shirt that was hampering the process. I could see Pooja’s legs stretched to the full indicating that her cunt must be itching to get it from him since she was already in his lap. Dheeraj was madly showering kisses on her boobs, arms, cheeks, neck and ears driving her to a wild ecstasy. 

Meanwhile I had been sucking Swati’s boobs with my face in her lap as she was sitting on the floor. I had made her milk plants naked by unhooking her ceramic bra and removing her shirt. She was getting her boobs sucked as if she was feeding her child. My hands reached in between her pyjamas and felt the smoothness of her thighs and buttocks. I put my hand in her panty and inserted my finger inside her wet cunt to feel her. She gave out a moan. and kissed me gently. I saw Dheeraj changing position with my wife; he removed his T-shirt and brought Pooja’s face near to his nipples so that she could give them a lick. She gave his nipples good licks and bites as his hands started exploring her ass. He hugged her tightly and I could see Pooja’s huge breast crushing against his hairy chest. He untied the cord of her salwar and removed it. Oh god Dheeraj had made my wife naked exposing her milky and shapely thighs clad in a pink panty.. She could put any model to thoughts with her shapely body. 

With this Dheeraj’s tool in his Bermudas got further enlarged trying to defeat the fabric on it. Dheeraj murmured” you have got a nice ass Pooja, your legs are too good” At the same time he cupped her ass cheeks. He gave her a good hug (in Punjabi we call it a juffi) with his chest pressing her boobs and crotch touching her crotch. She also locked her arms around him. His hands were madly on her thigh and buttocks and his tongue had met her tongue while doing all this. He was kissing her with full passion. He lifted her gently and placed her on the sofa. He started licking the fingers of her feet. He was more particular to give nice licks in the space between the fingers. Pooja was now moaning with the pleasure. He took his tongue to her legs and knees tasting each and every portion and then to her thighs. Meanwhile I had also removed Swati’s pyjamas and shirt and given her a lick and massage everywhere on her body. She was looking good in her ceramic panty. She also removed my T-shirt and jeans on my request. Now I was in my red jockey only. My cock was fully erect. Swati praised, my tool, my body and said I had a firm ass. 

Dheeraj overturned Pooja on the sofa and started licking her back starting from the neck to the top of her ass. Pooja moaned aaaaah oooohhhhhh for every flick of her tongue due to the ticklish and sensuous sensation. Her shyness had vanished as Dheeraj had rightly justified that no lady had refused him till date .He licked her ass cheeks and gave light bites on them by gently adjusting her panty with his fingers to expose them. Dheeraj was moving towards possessing my wife in whom she was cooperating though she had every time negated the proposal. On the contrary I was slightly hesitant towards any action further though Swati and myself were enjoying the act. Dheeraj again commanded Pooja to sit on her back to which she willingly obeyed. It was obvious that she now wanted the big one really inside her. No sooner she adjusted her big sexy ass on the sofa Dheeraj removed her pink panty which was now slightly soaked with his hand and straight away took his mouth in between her thighs, “you have a nice pussy darling’’ uttered Dheeraj and inserted his tongue on her clit by widening it with his hands. He started tongue fucking every part of her vagina in between taking the clit in his lips .Pooja also lifted and adjusted her ass to make best use of the opportunity. While doing this Dheeraj took his hands to her nipples and stared twisting them gently, in between increasing the force and at times pressing her boobs in full. 

Pooja seemed to be at moon with pleasure as it was imminent from her moans of pleasure i.e. ahhh ooooooh. The scene on our side was that Swati was in my arms as I went about fingering her pussy with my fingers through her panty. Her skin was quite smooth for enjoying. I also removed her panty and gave her a nice lick at times massaging Swati’s hole with my finger. But we found both of us were paying attention towards Dheeraj and Pooja probably due to possessiveness. In my case no body had earlier fucked my wife. 

With those inhibitions on, I saw Dheeraj removing his Bermuda in one go. There came out the thick monster saluting Pooja as he stood with his crotch near her face. It almost touched her nose as he further moved near her. Though his cock length was as good as mine but it was thicker and fat. ‘‘PLEASE TAKE IT IN YOUR SWEET MOUTH DARLING POOJA”, said Dheeraj. To my surprise she held it in her hands and felt it . ” It is so thick I won’t be able to “, she said shyly. Dheeraj immediately adjusted his ass and knees on the sofa and made his cock touch her soft lips. “Take just the top portion, Pooja you will like it”, said Dheeraj. Pooja opened her mouth and took the cap of the monster inside it and started giving her lick and suck treatment. 

Out of possessiveness I said, “Not beyond this Dheeraj”. Dheeraj replied, ” Come on yaar, you enjoy with my wife” at the same time inserting half of his cock in Pooja’s mouth which had to be opened more than the normal to accommodate the thick penis. I think Pooja had also become greedy for the meaty cock as she seemed to enjoy the suck session. Dheeraj took Pooja’s hands behind him and asked her to massage the area between his balls and the ass hole that she very artistically did, in between putting her finger inside his hole voluntarily. He told his wife to suck my cock instead of looking at them. She took my cock and placed her hot and wet lips on it and started sucking it with passion thus diverting my attention for the time being. This gave a chance to Pooja to fully enjoy Dheeraj’s cock though she had trouble opening her mouth to accommodate the thickness and length. After sucking it for few minutes she took the cock out saying “My mouth is tired, I will just lick it now.” Dheeraj agreed and said, “Ok darling lick it and enjoy it. It is made for you by the god”. She started licking from the base as Dheeraj sat on the sofa adjusting his ass suitably to let his genital area in front of her face. She was kneeling and licking his balls occasionally taking her tongue to the area between his balls and ass hole. “Uuh ooh ahh superb Pooja, I am in heaven” said Dheeraj.

Encouraged she gave a total lick to his cock with special sucks on the top. I could see my wife’s sexy and monumental ass clearly since she was kneeling. Swati and I were also engaged in licking and kissing when I saw Dheeraj gently lift her and carry her on the bed. He laid her on the bed and kissed on her face and spoke,” Meri Jan Pooja, now I will give you the fuck of your lifetime”. He widened her legs which she also willingly did and positioned his knees to rub his tool on her clit. He was about to enter her hungry love hole when I interrupted saying” we will fuck own wives. ” Though he didn’t like he stopped and gentlemanly controlled his movement. Pooja like a good desi female didn’t say anything though she seemed to be disappointed by my action. I think Dheeraj’s wife was also feeling possessive about her husband as she supported d my idea.

Now we got hold of own wives and fucked them on the same bed i.e. Dheeraj fucked Swati and I fucked Pooja. I have cut out the details here to accommodate other details of this experience. We had our dinner and went to sleep with own wives on separate beds. When the lights were off, my wife and I were in a deep hug lying on the bed. I asked her if she enjoyed and requested her to tell me what all she enjoyed in particular. She told me it was very nice. I could guess her disappointment from her talk of not allowing Dheeraj to have her. She went to sleep and so did Dheeraj and Swati. However I could not sleep as I was wandering why I didn’t let them enjoy. It was like I wanted it and also at the same time had mental block of my wife not to be fucked by other man. While thinking this I was holding her tight as if Dheeraj will come and have her, but I found myself enjoying fantasizing Dheeraj’s dick inside Pooja. 

My cock was again erect but I didn’t disturb my lovely wife who seemed to be tired. I might have slept for only one hour when the morning arrived. It must be around 6 AM when I woke up with big erection and started rubbing it on her bare ass by lifting her nighty. She woke up and turned towards me with her bare ass facing towards Dheeraj and Swati who were sleeping at some distance. We hugged and kissed tightly as if we had met for the first time. I let her head rest on my right shoulder and put my left leg in between her legs so that her boobs could touch my chest and my erect cock was in between her thighs. I was feeling her naked ass with my left hand and kissing her furiously. Our heavy breathing suddenly woke up Dheeraj. He hesitantly came on our bed and lay down on the other side of Pooja. Motivated by our act he gained in confidence and put his hand on Pooja’s bare ass. 

I tried to be ignorant as I thought he could do everything except fucking her. Slowly he moved further and touched his crotch on Pooja’s ass. I knew how much Pooja liked when I embrace her from behind and press my cock on her ass when we go to sleep. She must have felt the effect of a fatter cock on her ass. He increased the pressure. Now Pooja was sandwiched as she also adjusted her ass to meet his crotch. So it was quiet clear that both of them wanted to fuck to glory despite my restriction of cock cunt contact. Keeping the contact he removed his Bermuda and became totally naked. He again touched Pooja’s ass with his naked cock that might have swelled to its full-length courtesy Pooja’s voluptuous ass. I was just softly rubbing my cock on her thighs paying more attention to our breast chest contact and kisses. My left hand happened to go in between her thighs and by chance touched Dheeraj’s cock. It was a great feeling to touch others man’s swelled cock as it was only my first time. As I shyly tried to withdraw my hand I could feel Dheeraj bringing his cock near to my hand so that I could feel it without any effort,. 

This was a sensational feeling especially when we both were sandwiching my wife. I could feel his hand touching my cock and moving the outer portion of it to take me to pleasure zone. I also held his cock voluntarily now as I liked its swelling and softness. He adjusted his position in such a way that his cock was on the rear portion of the partition of Pooja’s thighs. He slightly opened her thighs so that the head of his cock was just near her love hole. Suddenly he managed to get his right leg in between her legs by displacing my left leg to let his thick cock rub her cunt lips. Pooja was excited to glory and I could make out that she had arched her back slightly and moved her ass backwards to adjust his cock head fit in the cunt lips on the entrance of her juicing hole. I could feel this with my hand. With this encouragement and cooperation from her his love hungry cock went inside her cunt giving no time to my hand to stop it. 

I could see the pleasure on her face as she tightly hugged me crushing her heaving breast against my chest and relieving her portion below the waist from me and further adjusting her thighs and ass to get his cock inside her cunt. I didn’t mind it this time as I was also hypnotized by the proceedings. I gave her few kisses on her lips and cheeks which totally signalled her to surrender her pricey cunt to Dheeraj and also Dheeraj to go for the fuck. 

Dheeraj was now fully into his elements as he thrust his cock fully into her after few light knocks. I could see a slight pain on her face initially as it was also obvious from the words she uttered, “Suu iiiii “. The pain was probably overcome by her already lubricated hole and the tight hug with me. Probably Dheeraj was slowly doing it. Dheeraj readjusted his position with aggressiveness by lifting / folding Pooja’s right top leg for deeper thrusts sending out loud moan “Aaaah aaah “ from Pooja. He held one of her boobs with his hand took his mouth near Pooja’s rosy cheek to kiss it. Pooja also greeted him by turning her face towards his lips and let him suck her lips. She too kissed him on his cheeks that he liked very much. Now the tempo was set for the actual real fuck as he got his knees in between her legs and Pooja left my hug to rest her ass on the bed for his and her convenience. Dheeraj showered some quick kisses on her ass cheeks and gave few licks on her demanding cunt. 

He went into a dominant position from this by pressing his shoulders against her thighs thus raising them a little and placing his lips on her tits and sucking them one by one letting his huge cock touch her hips. He further moved to kiss her and crush her boobs with his chest. He increased his grip on her by bringing his thighs near her ass and slightly raising and widening the gap between her legs thus bringing the cock totally on the pussy. Sucking her lips he moved his ass in such a way that he could thrust his cock in her cunt. Pooja moaned, “Suu iiiii awash “, as his fat penis straight away went inside her in the missionary position. Now he left kissing her and started thrusting his cock in her love hole with speed. “Aaaahh ooohhhh uii “moaned Pooja as Dheeraj was fucking her with vigour. These sounds were getting mixed with THAP THAP THAP THAP __ _ _ _ sounds which were produced when his front portion of the thighs were slapping against her rare portion of thighs. Like this “THAP suu THAP THAP THAP uiii uuuuu THAP THAP THAP THAP oooooh aaaaah “. “Aahhh Dard ho raha hai Dheere “Pooja uttered at the same time clinging her legs to his body. Dheeraj replied “Darling dard me bhi maza hai thori der baad dekhna “. 

I moved towards rear of Dheeraj and could see his firm ass moving vigorously to set the piston movement of the cock in the cunt. Movement of the muscles of his ass cheeks was visible with each thrust. I could see his balls slapping on her ass near her ass hole. I moved my eyes below his balls to view his cock inside my beloved. On seeing I could realize why she was moaning in pain as I could watch that the monster cock had stretched her cunt lips to a width to which they were never extended earlier. It was tightly fitting. I touched his cock and felt the exterior of her pussy with my hands. I felt his ass cheeks with my hands and naughtily inserted my finger in his hole that he liked. In between he took out his cock fully and insert it again, followed by thumping which sometimes shook the whole bed. I could see juices flowing from Pooja’s hole as she uttered ahhh ahh ahh. Now he placed a pillow under her ass so that he could carry out deep thrusting. He raised her legs as erect as possible to accommodate his tool. In between he kissed her legs briefly by slowing down his movement.
