 I catch her staring at me a few times. She is trying to pretend she is just looking around but she blushes every time I meet her gaze. I'm used to women staring at me but she doesn't strike me as the typical naive young girl, the kind I can seduce with only a smile. So her self-consciousness intrigues me. She wants something, this one. Whatever it is, she wants it badly but doesn't know how to ask for it. Maybe it makes her feel ashamed? Maybe she doesn't even know what she needs?

I watch her take a sip of her martini. She is sitting at the other end of the hotel bar, on the corner so I have a perfect line of sight. She is perusing a book, stylish reading glasses perched at the end of her nose. Her dark hair is simply put up in a pony tail and she's not wearing much make-up--just some black mascara and dark red lipstick. Her eyebrows are dark and thin. Her skin is light and she has high cheek bones. I get the feeling that she doesn't consider herself to be particularly attractive and I suppose that's true, she wouldn't win any beauty contests. But there is something exotic, other worldly about her. When she looks at me, it's as if a caged animal is looking at me from deep within her black eyes.

She looks to be in her late 20s, average height and weight. Her dress is simple like her make-up. A business casual type of dress. Well tailored, black fabric, sleeveless, with a slight scoop neck. Her breasts look full under the fitted top. I can only see one of her legs, it's beautiful. Sheer black stocking, gorgeous high heeled pump. Maybe the high heels are a clue to her dilemma. She is showing off her best assets, wearing fuck me shoes. But otherwise she looks so presentable and professional. She is probably smart, really good at her job, respected by her colleagues. Yet she seems profoundly unhappy, unfulfilled, missing something.

I watch her take another sip of her drink. Damn, she is sexy, sitting there all by herself, seemingly oblivious to the world around her. But she's not oblivious to me. I catch her looking at me again and she fidgets. I take enormous pleasure watching her squirm as I proceed to make no secret of the fact that I am now staring at her. She finishes her drink quickly. I call the bartender over and send her another. I watch him take it to her and point at me. She smiles briefly, looks downward. Wow, I am getting really turned on.

I can tell she enjoys looking at me when she dares to. Most women do. I am 6'2", the dark and handsome type, athletic, dressed in an expensive gray suit. I feel comfortable in my body and it shows. I own my own company which provides me with all the riches I could ever want. That shows too. I've had my pick of gorgeous women but lately I feel restless, bored, like every fuck is the same as the one before. Maybe that's why she catches my attention tonight--we're both missing something. 

I'm still staring at her. Every time she looks up at me with those haunted eyes, I feel my cock twitch in my pants. Fucking hell. She has no idea the effect she is having on me. She seems intimidated by my attention but I'm the one getting seduced. I think this woman needs a good hard fucking. I can't imagine that she's ever been possessed that way. Her men are probably the polite and respectful kind. Yeah, that's what she wants, I can see it now. To lose control is not easy for her so she needs someone to take it from her. I feel myself getting an erection.

I see her take off her glasses and put them in her purse. She finishes the drink and puts some money on the bar, then scribbles something on a napkin. I watch her climb off the stool--damn, she is leaving. Her body is even more shapely than I thought. She hesitates for a moment as if trying to make up her mind about something. I can't take my eyes off of her. And then I see her walk towards me.

"Thank you for the drink," she tells me, a shy smile on her lips. Her voice is sexy and she has a slight accent. Eastern European perhaps? Before I have a chance to respond, she puts the napkin on the bar and walks away. On the napkin, a room number--1467. I try to contain my excitement and settle the tab.

Two minutes later I am standing outside her door, hard already with anticipation. I knock and she opens the door. She looks the same, but very nervous. I can see her hands shaking. I bet she's never invited a strange man in her hotel room in the middle of the night. Her anxiety is intoxicating. I slam the door closed and openly stare at her, undressing her with my eyes. I can see her struggling to decide if she wants to go through with this. She runs her right hand across her pony tail, a nervous habit. But she stands her ground, keeping her eyes locked on me.

I grab her in my arms and slam her against the wall of the hallway. The mirror next to us threatens to fall down. She gasps in shock--fear, but excitement too. A wild look comes into her eyes, a look of desperation. It makes me even harder. I press my body into hers forcefully and shove my sex against her. She gasps again but holds on to my eyes as if for dear life. I can feel her tits against my chest. She tries to put her arms around me but I don't let her.

"No!" I tell her authoritatively. I grab her wrists and pin her arms above her head, staring into her eyes and pushing my cock even more against her. Even in her high heels she is a few inches shorter than me so I easily hold her pinned to the wall.

I lean down and push my tongue into her mouth. She takes me willingly. Her mouth feels hot and tastes like olives. I kiss her violently until she is out of breath. I then can't resist fondling her lips with mine gently, she is just so delicious. She relaxes a bit with this more generous kiss. But I feel her thinking now, she's not letting go, part of her is no longer mine.

"Take your dress off, then get on your knees and suck my cock!" I now command her. I see the look of surprise in her eyes, good, I have her undivided attention. I release her arms and watch her undo the zipper on the side of her dress. She pulls her dress down and steps out. She has a really nice body. She is wearing a strapless black lace bra and matching bikini, her nipples and tuft of pubic hair clearly visible through the sheer fabric. She is curvy and toned, with skin like porcelain. Her legs in thigh highs and heels make me hungry for her. It takes all my self-restraint not to touch her.

I watch her kneel in front of me. She looks up at me with those fuck my eyes and I feel pre-cum starting to seep out of my dick. She unbuckles my belt and undoes my pants efficiently, even though I can see she's still trembling. My cock springs out in all its fullness and I can tell she likes what she sees. She pulls down my pants and briefs. She grabs me with her right hand and starts sucking me. I have to lean with my hands on the wall behind her, the pleasure is so intense. I fuck her mouth relentlessly, and she submits. Her lips are wrapped tightly around my dick as I go in and out of her, and she somehow manages to take me all in without gagging. Maybe I was wrong about her sex life, she sure knows how to suck dick.

When I feel close to coming, I grab her pony tail and yank her head abruptly.

"Enough!" I bark at her. I want nothing more than to spill myself inside her but I don't want to give her the satisfaction. She has too much power over me as it is. I pull her up by her hair and she looks at me curiously, wanting to know what I expect of her next. It's so fucking hot.

"Turn around," I order her. She obeys and I take a minute to inspect her ass. Her thin lace panties cover only about half of her ass cheeks, which look white and sumptuous. Her luscious thighs are sexy as hell. 

"Put your hands on the wall and let me see your ass."

She does as she's told and sticks her ass towards me. Hot. I give her a hard slap across the butt. She gasps loudly, that caught her off guard.

"Quiet, or you'll be sorry!" I yell at her. I slap her again. And again. And again. I hear her make a squeaky sound but nothing more. Her breasts bounce in her bra with each slap. Her ass cheeks have a bit more color now, that's better. I give her a few more slaps until I feel my palm start to throb.

"Good girl," I whisper in her ear, and I hear her catch her breath. I reach around her waist and put my right hand inside her panties, grab hold of her pussy, and give her a good squeeze. She moans and arches her back. She is dripping in my hand. Her cunt is soft, wet, and hot. I thoroughly enjoy molesting her, feeling all her folds. I find her clit and give her a few quick strokes, enough to get her hoping for release. I love the hard knob under my finger, feeling her tense up against me. I grab her left breast with my other hand. It feels so good I lose control briefly, and I squeeze it hard, harder than I intended. She cries out in pain.

"Quiet!" I warn her. But I feel bad so I make it up to her by teasing her nipple gently. She moans softly. I then shove two fingers up her pussy and am delighted to discover she is nice and tight. This woman doesn't get fucked enough, that's for sure. She is well lubricated already so my fingers slide in and out of her easily. My cock feels like it's ready to explode.

"Take off your panties and bend over the bed," I tell her, my voice hoarse with desire. I release her and she follows my instructions. I can see that her legs are shaking but she's doing her best to look graceful as she walks over to the bed. It doesn't fucking matter. The sight of her in the strapless bra, which is more off than on at this point, with her now naked ass, and her thigh highs and heels almost put me over the edge. 

I take a minute to collect myself, and make her wait. I love the sight of her back, just a hint of the lips of her pussy visible, her breasts dangling in front. I take off my pants and underwear, then walk over to her. I grab her hips and thrust my cock inside her vagina with all my strength. She moans loudly, then catches herself and stops abruptly.

"Good girl," I reward her compliance.

Her pussy is even tighter than I imagined, and so fucking wet. I start slamming into her at a medium pace, enough to let her feel all my length and hardness, stretching her with each thrust. But when I sense her getting close, I pull back.

"I'll tell you when to come, not yet, you understand?" I yell at her.

She sighs and nods her head. I start moving inside her again, penetrating her deeply but with less force. She arches her back and opens her legs more, so I go even deeper.

"That's right, open your pussy to me," I encourage her. I keep going in and out of her, letting my dick be massaged by her insides. I feel myself getting close again and stop, holding my cock deep inside her. I feel her relax a bit. I start playing with her clit again and feel her squirm. That's better. It's delicious, rubbing her sweet spot with my finger while my cock is inside her, making her writhe. I can tell she's fighting to keep her orgasm at bay as I keep teasing her clit.

"You're gonna come for me now," I eventually tell her because I'm not sure how much longer I can keep my own climax from taking over.

She nods her head furiously and leans into me. I give her clit a few more strokes, focusing on the spot at the top where I've learned she is most sensitive. I feel her coming. She forgets her orders and screams. I respond by thrusting into her with renewed energy--she's still coming and I am pounding her mercilessly. I can tell I'm hitting her in the right spot because after less than a minute she screams again and now I feel her vagina convulsing around my dick. I finally let go and the orgasm is so intense, it washes over me like a storm, soaking me with euphoria. I shiver and shake as I spill myself deep into her and can't remember my name even.

When I finally pull out, I feel unsteady on my feet. She turns around and sits on the edge of the bed, crosses her legs. She is even more fucking sexy now. Her face is flushed, her eyes bright, no longer haunted. She looks satiated and grateful.

But I'm just getting started with her. Even now as my dick is still recovering, I lust after her. I want to kiss her and fondle her everywhere. That's not what she needs though I can tell. Plenty of men can make love to her and she will not surrender to any of them completely. I want her to feel desperate, begging, totally out of control, unable to have any thoughts other than ones I want her to think. To feel pleasure and only that.

Just thinking this makes my dick stir.

"Go get cleaned up and come back," I tell her. "I'm not done with you yet," I add just to make sure she understands.

I see the surprised look in her eyes--I love shocking her. It is quickly followed by a look of fresh desire. She walks into the bathroom and I have a few minutes alone. She is turning out to be exactly what I needed. Excellent body, very responsive, the perfect combination of self-consciousness and willingness to give herself over to me. I know exactly what I want to do with her next.