 To say I was having a great year was an understatement especially in the love/sex department. After that night I spent with Sommer and Brit things had taken a turn for the surreal. Brit and I were still going full tilt, fucking every chance we got with Sommer stopping by my place for either a solo session or showing up for some more three play with Brit and I. She joked with me as we showered after a particularly rigorous session that she had to take doubles of her pill after each time we fucked just to be sure she didn't get pregnant. 

My schedule at work was full too, lots of clients wanting my skills as a personal trainer. I had a full docket of forty to sixty somethings who wanted to either get back into the body of their twenties or just stay in shape. I never mixed business with pleasure, never once did I take any of my clients up on their offers and I don't mean to brag but there were more than a few, but I'm a good man and I always politely deflected and turned things back to their diet plan or what workout they should have been doing. 

Until last week that is. 

I have been working at this gym for about six months now as a trainer but before I started I was a customer, it has the perfect gear to get your lift on and just enough eye candy to be interesting and enough military guys I could bro down and talk shit when I wanted to. To the point, several years ago, there was this cute little thing that worked the front desk. Hanna was her name. She was WAY too young for me then, not even legal and we all thought of her like a little sister and were pretty protective when the high school motards would hit on her, shooing more than one away with but a glance and the flex of a tattooed arm in their direction. Now before you think I'm all super creeper you can calm down, she graduated, and moved away to go to school to study this or that, criminal justice I think and I thought that was the last we would see of her.

Then I got a call on evening when neither of my ladies was at the house. 

I was just sitting on my couch, watching Generation Kill for like the tenth time (love that show), when my cell rang and the number didn't show up as known. Usually I don't answer those but I did out of sheer boredom. 

"This is Jon." 

"Hey there Marine, how's it hangin?" A feminine voice said, full of energy but not one that I recognized. I instantly was worried. I had met and 'known' more than my share of hot coeds in my travels and on leave from this assignment or that and was worried one of the crazies had found my number and was about to hang a paternity suit around my neck, legit or otherwise. 

"Who is this?" I asked, trying my best not to sound concerned.

"It's Hanna silly. Remember me?" The voice said, a hint of a nervous giggle in her voice. 

"Oh shit, hey you. What are you up to?" Instantly relaxing. She'd be what 20 now, into her second year of school or, given the date, done with it more like. 

"Hey there sexy!" She said, obviously happy she hadn't slipped from memory. "How is my favorite gym buddy?" 

I regaled her with the general boredom and nonsense of life, not indicating at all that two of the best looking women I knew were regularly waxing my AR-15 if I can be a Jarhead for just a minute or two. She listened and laughed and was generally pleasant. She went on to tell me about how great college was and how much fun she was having, grades were good and this and that. I was glad to hear she was doing well but my brain stated to wonder what she was calling for. We had been friendly at the gym but as I said at the time she was under 18 and more of a sister than anything else, what did she need and how had she gotten my number.

"SO the reason I'm calling is that I am done for the semester and am back in town and need your help with something." She sounded shy suddenly and that peaked my interest for some reason. My protective instinct kicked in and I began wondering whose ass she would ask me to kick. 

"What can I do for my favorite gym rat?" I asked, hoping it was going to be help with a summer project or something that wouldn't take too much of my time from any of my other endeavors. 

"Well there is a bodybuilding show in 6 weeks, I have been working really hard all year and keeping my diet in line and I think I might have a shot to do the bikini competition, maybe even place. I was hoping you would train me" Hanna said with more confidence than I remembered out of her. At first I was silent for a few. The Hanna I remember from two years before was pretty cute, bout 5'4, strawberry blonde hair she usually kept in one big braid, a great big smile that just made you smile when you saw it. She was in pretty good shape, her youth at the time accounting for most of that and a pretty solid work ethic in the gym but not super model material. I had been to a couple of those shows, most of the girls were Vegas stripper material at the very least, plus they were catty and mean to the new girls as a rule; not something I really was sure that sweet little Hanna would do well in. 

"You sure, that's six weeks of hell with me in the beating your ass in the gym, plus eating even cleaner than you're probably used to. Plus you know how those girls can be." I said, I mean I'd do it, take her money if she insisted but I wanted her to be committed before we started down that road. 

She was quiet for a few breaths before she spoke again. 

"John, I'm not going to make this a career, I just want to see if all my hard work during the year has been worth it, plus with your help I'm sure I can do really well." 

"Well..." I started to talk when my phone buzzed, it was a pic via text from Hanna.

"There, I sent you a recent pic of me so you can see how much work you have to do. I gotta go, I'm supposed to meet my sister and her friends for coffee, let me know whenever and I'll meet you at the gym, first thing in the morning if you want." 

The call ended and I opened the text and was shocked. The Hanna I knew had been replaced by a certified hottie. It was the typical bathroom selfie you see all the girls doing now days, her hair was shorter, just touching her shoulders. She was posing in a red bikini meant for the beach and she looked fantastic. Her arms and shoulders were defined but not too much, her core was almost perfect, lined but not quite as cut as say Brit was, you could see her abs but only a hint of them. Her legs were built like she had seen the squat rack a time or five and though I couldn't see it real well in the one pic she sent, I could tell she had a nice squat ass being hugged tightly by her cute little red bikini. Her boobs were perfect, not to big not to small, just right. 

Shit, I wouldn't have to work too hard, she didn't need much work in fact too much would make her too strong for the bikini category anyway. I texted her to meet me in the gym that next morning at 6 and she agreed. The work was about to start. So was something else. 

I was sitting at the supplement bar going through a few work outs I had planned for the day when I heard the front door open and Hanna bounced in and ran up to me, cute little squeal leading the way as she jumped up at me and I had to catch her to keep her from falling o knocking me over. 

"Hey there sexy." She squeezed me tight and then, to my surprise kissed me quickly on the cheek. Her hair was hidden beneath a baseball cap and she smelled like cherry body wash. I could feel my cock stirring as I hugged her back and set her feet on the floor. 

"Somebody is a morning person." I said as I broke our embrace. She was wearing sweats and a sweatshirt from the college she went to, her bag full of this and that for the gym over her shoulder, her great big smile making me grin like a tard. 

"I'm just excited to get started. I really think with your help I have a shot at this." She bounced a bit excitedly. Her pretty blue eyes sparkling. She was just too fucking cute, but I could see that the innocence we had all loved and protected was gone for the most part, she was still her but you could tell she had seen a thing or two while she was at college. 

"Well you won't be too excited, we are gonna get started with legs." She groaned and pouted, her lip stuck out in a mock pout, her eyes lowered. She moved past me to the ladies lockers and I felt her hand run over my back. There was something in that, more than just a friendly gesture, but I could have been wrong. 

I set us up at the squat rack, I was gonna help her but she was gonna have to work for it. 

"So go ahead and stretch out a bit on your own, I'll start you off light but your feel it by the time we are done." 

"I don't doubt it." She said as she moved over to me, still in her bulky sweats and sweat shirt, her flirty smile told me there was an innuendo behind that which raised my eyebrows but I laughed too. She was just in her cute little socks as she reached down and pulled her sweat shirt up over her head and I felt a true surge of arousal. She was wearing a form fitting little red shirt, her breasts were standing out proudly under the tight fabric, and I could see just the hint of her nipples sitting tall on her chest. Dropping the garment at her feet she stretched her arms up over her head in a long languid manner, giving me just a hint of her slightly tanned and perfectly flat belly, a cute little stud at her perfect belly button before she dropped her arms, my ever horny brain suddenly wondered if she would break out in goosebumps if I ran my tongue over it on my way down. 

She asked me something but my brain shut completely off as she slid her thumbs into the rolled waistband of her sweats and pushed them down over her butt and down her legs to the floor. Her legs were nearly flawless, just the hint of muscle, thick from work in the rack and they fit perfectly with her nicely rounded calves, what made me go full stupid internally was her ass. You know the app Yeah, She Squats, pretty much a perfect peach as they say, nice hump and worse yet it was encased in a pair of black volleyball shorts that seemed to hug her ass like I wanted too. I felt blood surge through my cock like a freight train and I nearly said aloud, "Damn look at that ass"

"Earth to John." 

I came out of my sexual state before getting too far into a fantasy that had her bent over my couch with all eight inches of me buried inside her while I held both of her arms out behind her and she cried out my name over and over. I must have been staring because she laughed again as she kicked the sweats over onto her sweatshirt and shook her hair out from under her hat. 

"I thought you were gonna load up the bar?" She said with a cute little smile, leaving me feeling like an ape as I struggled to formulate an excuse for why I had just stripped her naked and fucked the shit out of her in my mind. Silence is golden so I simply shrugged and smiled before turning to the weights, she moved to help and flashed me an innocent smile that was anything but. 

Over the next hour or two I proceeded to get my shit together as best I could as I put her through a killer leg workout. She really didn't need much instruction, her form was pretty damn good and I have to say that watching her squat and deadlift was an exercise in control and professionalism I was not accustomed to. I mean I really can't stress how amazing her ass was. Men would fight wars over this artful fleshy mound of muscle and yummy. I was more than willing to for even a crack at it. 

While she did her cardio I made our protein and got her meal plan together, still watching her as the guilt set in. She was fucking hot, sweat from how hard she was working had matted her hair a bit and her shirt seemed to hug her even tighter, the cool of her sweat on her skin had caused her nipples to harden even more beneath her top, her shorts still clutched the globes of her tight but like they had been put on with a paint brush. 

She stopped her machine and pulled off her head phones, nodded to me as she moved to the locker room, she was going to shower before we met and finished her training for the day. 

To be a fly on that wall, watch her peel off her clothes and step into that hot shower, watch the water play on her heat flushed skin while she soaped up and relaxed. Like I said yummy. 

I sat watching sports center until I felt her hand on the small of my back. I turned around and had to bite my lip once again. She had shoved herself into a pair of super tight denim shorts that were undone at the waist and folded down, her rainbow bikini bottoms just peeking out, the ties jumped up over her hips at her sides. She had put on a nearly see-through shirt that was just to cover her up, but her bikini top was visible enough to be a distraction. 

"So how did I do?" She asked as she put down her bag and snatched up her protein shake, sipping on it as I went over my plan for working up to the show. I kept it together pretty well I think considering the view and how great she smelled fresh out of the shower. Once I was done I gave her all the info and she dropped another hug on me before she left, pulling me in close and pressing her ripe breasts into my chest, I had to consciously tell myself not to let my hands drop from her upper back and cradle her ass and give it a good and healthy squeeze. She surprised me by giving me a quick peck on the cheek before she bounced out the door again. 

It basically went like that for over the weeks up until the show. Every morning we would meet and work different areas of her already amazingly built body, hardening them to a stone like feel with rep after sweaty rep and a well-honed and perfectly practiced diet plan that brought us to the week before the show when she came in for posing practice at which point I turned her over to one of my friends, a gal named Serena, who held her pro-card and would be able to give her more help than I could at the final stages. While they worked on poses in one of the back rooms, I was busying myself with this or that when I saw Brit breeze in the door, her bag over her shoulder from where ever she had been and a smile for me that would set any room ablaze. I had known and been fucking her long enough to know when she was super horny and I could feel it on her like waves of molten heat as she walked up and hugged me tight, kissing my neck gently which set my blood pumping to my cock and made me shy away, goosebumps all along my body from such a simple contact. 

"So what's this I hear you have a new protégé, word around the gym is that you have been helping some little hotness and she is throwing off signals like crazy? Dish." Brit said, her smile widening as she sat me down at one of the counters, her hand on my leg as she waited for me to regale her with some sordid tale of my cock encased in some hot beauty; fuel for her fire so she could either turn it loose on me or Sommer or some other poor sod who would be in for the fucking of a lifetime. A lot had changed since she had gone back to the single life.

"No story. You remember Hanna? She's doing the show and wanted help getting ready and she asked me to give her a hand." I said, my tone a bit defensive without it meaning to be. Brit pouted but it was a show. There was no jealousy like there had been when I had brought women home in the past before we had taken that final step and started fucking one another senseless on the regular. 

"Little Hanna all grown up huh? Well no worries, but I am disappointed you didn't have a story for me, but I have something I wanted to show you" Brit said, her eyebrows raised a bit, and I knew full well it was something naughty. 

"Well I'll be home here in a few hours after I'm done with Hanna." I began to say when she grabbed my hand and pulled me out of my seat. 

"I wanna show you now." She said in low husky tones that told me certainly she was going to get something out of me whether I wanted it or not, yeah like that was a hard sell. Brit led me back to the back part of the gym where the tanning rooms were, where both she and I had tanned to a lovely shade of golden brown from regular sessions and had more than once rushed off to be alone and fuck one another silly when we had worked the same shift. 

Finding an unoccupied room she pulled me inside, turned on the light closed the door and pushed me back onto the stool in the room. 

"Remember that hot little thing I brought back to our place after the bar that night, the tattoo artist gal?" Brit began as she set her bag down and threw another bedroom smile my way. I certainly remembered the girl in question. Sally was her name, she was about 5 feet tall, built and looked like a mini pinup gal from the fifties. We had teamed up and humped her three ways from the weekend one night after the club when both Brit and I were exceptionally horny. 

"Well remember when we were through with her she said I could get a big discount on a tat if I ever came by her shop? Well I did and I got one. WE worked out a trade for it. Reaching up she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her blue, airbrushed on, yoga pants and pulled them down, taking her panties with her or perhaps she hadn't worn any at all, either way she was standing in front of me now naked from the waist down, showing me a lovely new rose or flower tattoo, just above and to the left of her cleanly shaven pussy. It looked great but honestly I could have given a shit about the tattoo. No matter how many times I saw her naked, or how many times I ate her out till she screamed or fucked her until I was gasping and shooting a huge load inside her much to her goading and enjoyment it still got me harder than a rock to see it and her less than fully clothed. Her pussy was red and swollen like she had been at it before she arrived or she was super horny, either was probably likely. 

"I also had an idea that you could help sort me out before you got back to your little plaything, because her and my 'trade' was interrupted by a customer and I never got to finish so I need you help with this if you don't mind." Brit said as she slid up against me, taking my hand and lacing it up to and in between the blood engorged lips of her sopping wet pussy. She wrapped both hands around my neck, her forehead against mine as she looked down between us, my hand now firmly entrenched in her pussy, two fingers massaging her clit and the front wall of her pussy with gentle but meaningful attention. The effect was profound, she clutched and sighed against me, her mouth open as I began to pick up the pace and she fought the rising urge to be vocal like we usually were and cry out in pleasure and I helped her race toward a stomach clenching orgasm. I could feel her wetness dripping around my fingers and hear is squelching as I quickened my pace. She began clutching at me, her mouth now hanging open, eyes clenched shut as she fought to keep from screaming as she neared the cliffs edge of an elicit, public orgasm. 

"Oh fuck baby...fuck...fuck...fuck." Brit whispered harshly against me as I watched her in the throes of a super intense orgasm. Her stomach clenched hard and her pussy clamped down like a vice around my fingers, more and more of her succulent juices poured around my fingers. Squishing and running into the palm of my hand. It was glorious and dirty. 

I lost track of things for a moment, until Brits sexy, animal gaze caught hold of me and she bodily pushed me back against the wall, yanking down my pants and dropping to her knees. My cock was already as hard as iron and it twitched at the air, the red head of it was slick with pre-cum. 

Brit's devil's grin of pearl white teeth split open and with on swift and skilled motion she took over half of me into her mouth. I ran my fingers through her hair as she took me roughly and fast in and out of her mouth, her wet mouth coated me in a thick sheen of spit and she slurped loudly in rapid succession as she gently kneaded my sperm laden balls with her other hand, dragging her fingernails down my bare thigh. This wasn't going to take long, Brit was hot reeling from her recent orgasm and watching her cum made me want to also get mine too. 
