 The next morning I awakened – still naked – in Amy's sleeping bag to find that she had gone. My mind drifted back to the events of the pervious night and my cock hardened instantly. I remembered fucking her tits and coming all over her face and watching her lick the come from her fingertips. I couldn't believe I'd gotten so lucky, having a friend like Amy.

I got up and stretched, enjoying the warm morning sunlight on my naked body. Wondering where Amy had gone to, I called out, "Amy? Where are you?"

I heard her voice coming from the direction of the hot spring we'd bathed in the night before, saying, "This way, sweetie!" I happily followed the sound of her voice and found her waiting for me in the same hot spring. She was sitting against the edge of the warm pool totally nude, her D-cup tits mostly exposed above the water line, her nipples hard and erect.

"Come on in," she said, grinning at me.

My cock sprang to attention at the sight of her as I waded in. I walked closer to her and my cock bobbed in the air just inches from her face right as I was about to sit down next to her. She stopped me with a gesture and grinned up at me, her glistening perfect lips just inches from the head of my cock. "Before you sit down," she said casually, as if there was nothing unusual about her request, "I want you to fuck my mouth."

My eyes rolled back in my head as I grinned and said, "Yes, ma'am." Without another word, I slid my cock between her welcoming lips and started thrusting back and forth in and out of her mouth. I could feel her warm tongue pressing firmly against the bottom of my shaft, swirling around the head, working it up and down as I slid in and out, faster and faster. I felt her small, perfect hands cupping my ass gently and urging me forward, urging me to thrust deeper and faster. I happily obliged, thrusting forward as hard as I could. She took every inch of me into her throat and never gagged once.

It wasn't long before I knew I was going to come, and I told her so between moans. In response, she simply thrust her head forward, impaling her mouth on my cock and taking it in all the way to the root. Her lips were sealed tightly around the base of my cock, and her eyes turned upwards, gazing deep into mine. At this moment, I started coming harder than I ever had in my life, spraying it deep inside her throat. My entire body shook violently, and she just sat there, locking eyes with me and milking my cock with the muscles of her throat.

After a moment, she slid free, stopping to suck and lick the head clean (which gave me a little involuntary shiver), and relaxed against the edge of the pool. I collapsed next to her with a splash, gasping for air and wrapping my arms around her. I kissed, licked and sucked her lips, making out with her ravenously, thanking her between kisses for what she'd just done.

She said, "Anytime, sweetie," making me grin wickedly at the prospect of fucking her mouth anytime I wanted to.

"I'm so exhausted after that," I said, "I don't know if I'll be able to move for hours."

She replied, "Actually, if you can get it up again in the next twenty seconds, I'll let you fuck my tight little pussy," she said, grinning wickedly. I don't think she expected me to be capable of it, the way she was grinning in that way she does when she teases me.

I was too excited not to, though. I simply asked, "Do you mean that? Really?"

She only nodded, laughing; confident I wouldn't be able to so soon after exhausting myself. I stood up abruptly, and my cock stood at full attention, mere inches in front of her face. Little did she know, it only took the thought of fucking her to get me hard again, even that fast. "Holy shit," she said, wearing an expression of surprise, half-pleased, half nervous.

Even though after all her teasing, she deserved nothing less than a good hard fucking, I felt momentary pity for her in her surprise. I said, "You know, we don't have to if you really don't want to," not believing what was coming out of my own mouth.

She thought about it for a moment and then said, "No... no, it's okay. I'm a girl of my word." She smiled a little bit, then said, "How do you want to fuck me, sweetie?"

"Anything I want?" I asked.

"Anything you want," she confirmed.

I said, "Bend over the edge of the pool. I want to fuck you from behind. But be ready to turn around; I want to come on your face."

She grinned and pinched one of her own nipples, tweaking it. "Whatever you say, sweetie. I'm your sex slave for today." She wasted no more time, getting up on her knees and bending over the edge of the hot spring. I gazed lustily at the soft, perfectly round globes of her ass, glistening wet in the morning sunlight. Her bald pussy glistened also, wet not just from the waters of the spring, but from her arousal. I could almost see her clit throbbing. "Fuck me," she said simply, and I did just that.

I stepped forward and kneeled behind her, thrusting my cock inside her pussy in one swift move. She was already soaking wet and read for me – I slid right in. I pushed my cock inside her all the way up to the hilt and she took every one of my inches, moaning my name. I stopped there for a moment, just relishing the feeling of finally being inside her. It wasn't long before she lost control to her animal lust and started moaning through gritted teeth, "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

I started pounding into her with grim abandon and never let up even for a second. She screamed in pleasure and perhaps a little pain as I pounded into her with my throbbing cock, smacking against the soft cheeks of her ass with ever stroke. She looked over her shoulder at me and never broke eye contact the entire time I fucked her, which ended up lasting for about thirty minutes.

I reached around her hip and between her legs and started to pinch and rub her clit between my fingertips, tweaking it without ever easing the pace of my thrusting into her tight wet pussy. She reciprocated by reaching beneath both of us and between my legs, where she caressed my balls with her delicate fingertips. The tickling sensation nearly sent me over the edge numerous times. Each time, I slowed my thrusting just long enough to avoid blowing my load inside her, and then resumed as before.

She made no such attempts, letting loose over and over again with mind-blowing orgasms. I could feel her come leaking out of her pussy and over my balls even while she caressed them with the tips of her fingernails. Eventually I couldn't resist the urge any longer. I had to come; I needed release.

I pulled out of her and she knew what to do without me even asking. She spun around quickly. Even though it all happened in less than a second, I remember every detail of it precisely as if it was in slow motion. I admired her glistening wet body as it turned – her flawless skin, the bounce of her perfect tits as she turned and kneeled beneath me. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and extended her tongue, placing her face directly beneath my cock. She never closed her eyes, never broke eye contact, even for a second.

The first spurt of come splashed against her tongue, and she moaned in pleasure as it did. The second splashed over her left cheek and dribbled down her chin. She curled her tongue inside her mouth to swallow the first load when another splashed across her perfect pouting lips. I kept coming for what must have been a full fifteen seconds until her entire face was covered in thick white hot come. She took me into her mouth without hesitating and sucked hard, swirling her tongue around the head while it was still sensitive. I shuddered in pleasure, trembling and moaning her name. Before I knew what was happening, I started coming all over again, this time in her mouth. Neither of us had expected this. I could tell because she squealed in delighted surprise. Her moans vibrated through her lips and tongue, adding even more pleasure to the job her mouth was doing on me.

When it was all finally over, I collapsed into the pool with a splash, totally spent. Amy crawled over me and wrapped her arms around me. She started kissing me ravenously while my come was still dripping from her face. I could taste it on her lips, which I found curiously arousing.

After a while of this, she laid her head on my shoulder and contentedly wiped the come from her face with her fingertips and licked her fingertips clean, swallowing ever drop. Then she looked up into my eyes and said, "I love you, Nathan."

"I love you too," I said, "I love you so much."

I held her tight for hours after that, and we broke that embrace only to fuck wildly every so often for the rest of the day. That evening, on the way back home, I asked her if she would be my girlfriend and she said yes, practically squealing like a cheerleader she was so happy. A year after that, I asked if she would marry me, and she said yes again. The rest is, as they say, history.