  Here's my second attempt at a story, I hope you all like it. There will be more chapters to come if you guys like it. Feel free to leave a comment or constructive critique. Enjoy!

*****

I pulled up in my rental car to my parent's home. It looked about the same as I'd remembered with a few changes. My old basketball hoop had been taken down from above the garage door, the vines had climbed the white brick just a bit more, but for the most part it was the home I'd known. It'd been 6 years since I lived here, I'd long given back my key, so I was forced to ring the bell. 

I expected my younger brother Terry to answer to door but I was altogether pleased that he did not. Instead a beautiful young woman opened the door and greeted me.

"You must be Owen," she said. She had a pleasant voice, made all the more enticing by her Swedish accent.

"I am. I'm—I'm sorry, who are you?" I replied.

"Ah, yes, I'm Annika. I am Terry's au pair."

"Ohhh. That explains it. My mother must've forgotten to tell me. It's nice to meet you Annika."

"You as well."

"Let me get my bags from the car and I'll be right in."

"Do you need help?"

"No, I'll be fine, thanks."

I returned to the car and quickly grabbed my bags. It wasn't until I turned around that I got a really good look at Annika. She was gorgeous. In typical Swedish fashion she was tall, blonde and blue eyed. Her shorts earned their name, ending only an inch or two below her bottom, showing off her smooth tan legs. She wore a matching tank top that showed off her ample breasts, I'd guess at least 36C, which on her small waist were perfect.

"Coming?" she asked.

"Huh?" I replied dumbly.

"Are you planning on coming inside?"

I must've been standing there, staring. Real smooth. "Yeah, I'm coming."

She held open the door to the house and I walked inside. "Is Terry home?"

"No, he is with some friends. He probably won't be back until this evening."

"Damn. Well, I guess I'll go unpack in my room. I'll get out of your hair."

"Owen..."

"Yeah, Annika?"

"If you are tired you may go to your room. But if you would like, I'm going to use the pool. You may join me if you would like. There aren't as many other au pairs in the neighborhood as I would have hoped. It would be nice to talk to someone around my age. It would not be an...what is the word?"

"Imposition."

"Hm."

"It wouldn't be an imposition. I think that is the word you want."

"Yes! That is what I meant."

"Uh, sure, let me unpack and I'll be back down."

I went up to my old bedroom. My parents had left it as it was when I was 18. Old posters of rock bands hung on the walls, one of my guitars was still in its stand. I looked at the bookcases; play after play lined each shelf. I set my suitcase down at the foot of my bed and started to unpack when something caught my eye. A magazine had been sandwiched between my mattress and box spring. I pulled it out; as I suspected it was an old Playboy. For shits and giggles I decided to look through it again. I turned past the boring interviews everyone says they read and got straight to the good stuff. Picture after picture off full-breasted babes. One beauty in particular caught my eye. 

She had light brown skin and striking green eyes. Curly black hair fell about her face. She was kneeling on a bed, legs spread so her pussy was visible and holding each of her large breasts in her hands. The next picture was of her on all fours more or less. She was on her elbows and biting one of her fingers while she lifted her prominent ass into the air. Needless to say, I'd become aroused. But then I heard a splash. Annika must be in the pool now, best not to keep her waiting, I thought to myself. 

I quickly fished out my swim trunks and began to undress. My erection made this problematic. I'm not that big, a little over six inches, but as any guy knows trying to shove and erection into your shorts isn't the most comfortable thing. I finally got them on and headed downstairs, hoping my excitement would subside. I should've known that wouldn't happen around Annika.

"I was thinking you'd forgotten about me!" called Annika. She was leaning on the pools edge, the rim of the pool creating a ledge for her breasts to perch on. "I was getting so lonely..." she pouted a bit. It seemed Annika was a bit of a tease.

"The best things come to those who wait." I replied. She laughed. "I hope I didn't keep you too long."

"No, it's fine. I was out here for a few minutes and decided I needed to dive in. The water looked too perfect not too. Are you coming in?"

"In a moment, I've got to apply sunscreen first."

"Ah, yes, good idea, I'll put some more on. I did a few hours ago but I should probably get put some more on. Don't want to burn!!" She hopped enthusiastically out of the pool and I was able to get a get look at her. Her stomach finally revealed, it was as appetizing as the rest of her. It was toned but not too much and her belly button sported a small teardrop shaped jewel piercing. The top of her bikini was white, which contrasted nicely with her skin, as well as showed off her lovely breasts. But it was her bottoms that really caught my eye. They were navy blue. And a thong. The bottoms were tied on with two strings, joined at each hip. I couldn't help but stare, and Annika noticed.

"Don't worry, I don't wear these when anyone else is around. I would scar Terry if he saw me in these." She ran her finger seductively under the waistband, almost as if she were about to pull them off.

"I don't know if scar is what I was thinking."

"Naughty, naughty!" She laughed. "Do you need me to apply to your back?"

"Sure, thank you." It's true I did need her help, but I'd be lying if I didn't admit that the prospect of her running her hands over me weighed equally, if not more, in my thinking.

"You are very solid," she admired, "like a rock. You must exercise a lot"

"You kind of have to in my world."

"Your mother said you were an actor?"

"That's right."

"You live in New York?" As I said this Annika had begun to knead some of my muscles, like a massage. I couldn't help it and let out a soft grunt.

"Yeah. I left D.C. when I was 18 for school. But I auditioned for a play down here, up there, and I got it. So now I'm home."

"New York seems so wonderful. I've always wanted to visit. Turn."

"I'm sorry?"

"Turn around, I'll get your chest too since I'm here."

"Oh, you don't have to do that"

"It's no problem. It's not an...imposition? Yeah"

"Alright, if you insist."

The truth was, it was no trouble at all. Annika's hands had felt heavenly on my back. 

"I'm sure you'll return the favor. Wow, look at your stomach." She ran her fingers over it, and then without warning punched it. It wasn't that hard a punch, but it did surprise me. "Oh, I'm sorry. I...just...I love six packs."

"It's okay, it didn't hurt."

"Good." She took more sunscreen and began to rub it into my chest. She was forceful and I could tell she was taking every opportunity to enjoy touching my muscles.

"So Annika, what made you want to become an au pair?"

"Well, I wanted to travel, especially to the U.S. and I wanted to study here and make and save some money, so becoming an au pair was a good choice."

"What are you saving for?"

"Well, it would be nice to have some spare money, but I want to become an international lawyer and part of that would be taking some time to study the American legal system. School in cheap in Sweden, here not so much."

"That's true. I was worried I wouldn't be able to attend NYU because of costs. But it worked itself out. Hahaha." As we'd been speaking Annika had begun running her hands over my stomach, in between my abs and it tickled me.

"Someone is ticklish."

"Only a little. Do you like the U.S. so far?"

"The U.S. is a very friendly place but it is very conservative." As she said this, her hands had dipped lower until they were right above the waistband of my shorts. Remember how I had said I was aroused before. Up until now I'd done a very good job of keeping all my sexual attraction at bay, but now it was becoming difficult. She looked up at me as she grasped at the fabric of the snap of my shorts, "No one is permissive enough here." She held her eye contact, as if asking permission. I nodded. She unbuttoned the snap of my shorts. 

"It's very important to apply at the waist, often your bottoms move around and you end up with a burn," she said innocently. She slowly applied sunscreen right where my waistband was now loose. I could feel her fingertips, only a few inches lower and they'd be on my hard cock. She worked her way to the back of my shorts, still only a few inches away from wildly inappropriate. As she moved back to the front it felt as if her hand was slowly sliding downward. My breath was coming hard, her fingers so close to my cock. She quickly withdrew her hand. "You should be safe with that. My turn please."

"Of course" I said, very eagerly. Probably too eagerly, but I needed to do anything to resume physical contact with her.

"Would you mind getting my back?" 

She laid down on one of the collapsible deck chairs to give me access to her back. I quickly grabbed the sunscreen, ready to apply. I poured a little into my hand and began to work it into her skin. It was hard to tell whether she had meant for the contact between us to be so sexual so I decided to make more conversation. 

"What do you like to do in your free time?"

"Well, school is not in session right now. I would do that if I could. Terry is always off with his friends so that leaves me plenty of time to read. I like to lounge out here and read."

I continued applying the sunscreen but I ran into the back strap of her top.

"Just slide your hand under it to apply. It's such a difficulty getting the top back on. If I undo it, it seems like my breasts shift a little and then it's very difficult." Combined with her talking about her breasts the act of my hand sliding under the strap felt inappropriate, and incredibly erotic. Something about the pressure of the strap made it feel very sexual. 

"Thank you. This is great. I have another favor to ask you. Can you sunscreen my bottom? It's hard to make sure I get every little spot."

"Sure!" again very eagerly. But I was beginning not to care. I got on my knees in between her legs and began to slowly work both my hands on her ass cheeks. I was firm and used slow swirling motions. I realized that if I pushed both cheeks apart I could expose a bit of her pussy. The smell immediately rushed up to my nose.

"This is very nice,'' she sighed.

I took a little more sunscreen and applied it to my fingertips. "You said every spot..." with that I took my fingers and ran them through the valley between her cheeks, all the way down to near her pussy. I wasn't nearly bold enough to dare actually touching it, but god I wanted to. I repeated that a few more times, the smell getting stronger, and decided it was best to stop. So far we'd only teased one another, I didn't want to do anything that would make the next two months uncomfortable.

"There you go..." I said sheepishly.

"Thank you, you are such a gentleman. Shall we take a dip?" She sat up and adjusted her top making her boobs jiggle. I quickly hopped in the pool. Thankfully, the water was cold and it helped to calm my urges. For the rest of our swim the cold water helped me keep my cool. I decided I would head in and went up to my room. As soon as I got up there I had to let loose. My room has an adjoining bathroom; I quickly threw my trunks in the shower and began to touch my dick. I stood out in the middle of the room, caressing my penis. Even with the cold pool water, images of Annika naked floated through my head awoke me quickly. The home phone began to ring, but I ignored it. It continued to ring and abruptly stopped, I thought nothing of it. I continued my masturbation reaching closer and closer to orgasm, when the door opened. Annika looked at me, in all my naked glory, erect and froze. I stopped immediately and caught Annika's eye. I thought I saw a flicker of lust so I began to stroke again. Annika quickly closed the door, embarrassed. I guess she hadn't meant for everything to be so sexual by the pool.

"Owen...I'm sorry..." she called through the door.

"No. Annika...I'm...you shouldn't have had to see that. " OH MY GOD! I can't believe I did that. I can't believe I tried to masturbate in front of her. My plans to not make things uncomfortable for the next two months had been shot to shit.

"Anyway...that was your mother. She hadn't heard from you yet and was wondering if you had come—come home yet...She said dinner will be served at 8..."

"Okay...thanks."

"Yeah..." I heard the patter of her feet as she rushed away back downstairs.

-------------------------

I was too embarrassed to finish what I'd started, so until my parents and Terry came back I hid up in my old room; every time my dick would get even a little hard the image of being caught and misreading the situation would quickly wilt it.

At 6:30 my parents and Terry were back. My mom began to prepare dinner while Terry, my dad, and I caught up. 

"Things are going well in New York?" my dad asked. He and my mom were marvelous parents. They both supported me unconditionally. 

"They are, after this I'm back up to begin work on a film." I replied.

"Are you the lead?"

"No. Dad I'm only 24, it's gonna take some time for me to be a lead in a feature film."

"Well, your mom and I know you'll get there."

"Thanks."

"You get to kiss any hot girls in this movie??" my younger brother Terry interjected.

"Nope."

"Why even do it?"

"Is that all you think about Ter?" My brother was 14, which if you ask me was a little old to have a live in baby sitter.

"NO!" Gosh, teenagers, they get so bent out of shape the second you approach sexual subjects.

At this point my Dad got up and went into the kitchen to help my mom.

"...but actually. Do you think you could give me some advice, Owen?"

"Sure."

"There's this girl, and she's a little older than me, but I need to get her attention. I want her to look at me...like she would look at a man, y'know??"

"...yeah..." I think I knew where this was going.

"Is there anything I can do to get her to like me. I was thinking I could flash her or—"

"GOD, no! Terry do not, under any circumstances, do that." I was one to talk though, flashing Annika earlier.

"But Annika is so hot!!"

"Enough, Terry. You're not going to do anything to freak Annika out. That's sexual harassment."

"...fine." 

My mom poked her head into the living room. "Could one of you boys let Annika know that dinner is almost ready?"

"I'll DO IT!" Terry jumped up.

"NO. I'll do it." I said. That last thing we needed was both us brothers to freak out Annika in one day.

"Terry, let Owen do it." My Mom said.

I got up and began heading downstairs. I had another motive beyond keeping Terry from becoming a sex offender, I figured having some one on one time with Annika, however brief, would allow me to apologize. I got downstairs to the basement and went up to her door. I knocked on her door. I didn't get a response. I knocked again, still nothing. I noticed that the door was unlocked and thought I'd just open the door and let her know, maybe she was napping. But when I opened the door I saw a completely naked Annika toweling off her hair. Her breasts were more amazing than I had imagined. She had these beautiful peach nipples that capped the end of each bouncing breast. I quickly looked down at her pussy. It was shaved bare. It looked delicate, and soft, and delicious. I took all that in in a split second, because the next Annika looked up and saw I was standing in her doorway. Again I was coming off as some perv. But she didn't cover up. She just stood there, allowing me to take her in. 

"Owen..." she said, softly, gently.

I quickly closed the door, thinking to save her the embarrassment. I stood on the other side of the door, feeling an awful lot like she must've felt earlier. 

"Annika...I'm sorry..."

"Owen."

"Umm...right. Yeah, dinner is going to be ready in like 15 minutes." I began to walk away.

"Owen, wait!" I heard her call through the door. "Come back."

I returned to the door, unsure of what to expect.

"Can you meet me in the kitchen after everyone is asleep?"

"...yeah. Sure." Now I really didn't know what was going on.

"Thank you." 

I quickly went upstairs. 

When Annika showed up she was wearing short jeans shorts, similar in length to the ones she was wearing when I met her, and a t-shirt that had been cut a few inches below her bust to show off her midriff. Terry's mouth was hanging agape for the entirety of dinner. It was an uneventful meal, surprisingly. We all exchanged small talk, Annika and I behaving as if nothing had happened, she would make a good actress. Dinner finished and I bussed the dishes. When that was done I waited.

------------------------ 

12:30 am rolled around, and I was confident everyone was asleep, so I quietly went downstairs to the kitchen. Annika was already waiting there.

"Hello." I said.

"Hello," she whispered back. She seemed nervous. "Thanks for coming."

"Sure."

"I...um...I'm 21." She said.

"Okay..."

"And, looking the way I look everyone...expects me to be a way."

"Uh huh"

"Everyone expects me to be a...real woman..."

I was beginning to become very confused.

"I'm...I'm a virgin, Owen."

"There's nothing wrong with that."

"I wanted to say I'm sorry for how I acted. I...It's just. When I saw you like that..."

She began to move closer.

"It made me feel like a woman. To know that is how you responded to me. I saw you at the pool and you were such a man, and I...I wanted to be with you. So I teased you, not because I wanted to tease you. I wanted you, but I was scared. But I want...I want to be with you, Owen."

She was only inches away.

"You seem sweet, and kind, and you are so. Hot."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I thought I had screwed everything up.

"Annika."

"We could start slow. And then do more..."

She kissed me. It was fervent, and nervous, and innocent. Her innocence turned me on. "Would you like to watch me?" I asked.

All she did was bite her lip and nod.

We quietly went down to her room, no one would hear down there. We didn't speak at all. We shut the door, and locked it and she climbed onto her bed, sitting on the edge. Neither one of us moved for a moment. Then I grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it off. I moved up to the edge of the bed. I began to undo my shorts and Annika ran her hands over my chest. She began to kiss it. I pulled down my underwear next. At that, she leaned back to look at me. There I was completely naked in her room inches from this beautiful Swedish goddess. I began to grow hard and I touched myself. One hand was working on my shaft while the other moved over my belly and thighs. Annika began to rub her belly, slowly moving her hands closer to her breasts. We both continued to rub our own bodies.

"Take it off." I whispered. She slowly peeled offer her shirt, and then without my insistence, she undid her bra. Those beautiful breasts hung in front of me. I had to touch them. The one hand that had been rubbing my own body reached up and began to caress her breast. The hand she had been using to caress her own breast moved over to me and she began stroking my chest and stomach. I kept pumping away, noticing the fixation Annika had with my cock. Each time she brushed her hand over my body, it got closer and closer to my hard cock.

"I want to feel it. I want to feel it throb in my hand." She grabbed my shaft and began to stroke away. She was gentle but her delicate hand felt amazing. She slowly lowered herself onto her knees and positioned herself under my cock. With her other hand she reached up and began to roll my balls around in her hand.
