 By about two in the morning, it was apparent to Alex that the man known as Charles, who had accompanied the young woman to this party, was not going anywhere soon. He and the host seemed to be pretty tight and there was no way anyone was breaking them up anytime soon. Alex sighed and roamed about the room, greeting people he knew, nodding at people who thought they knew him. Planting himself at the bar, Alex pulled out his cell phone and opened a text he had gotten hours ago from Michael. He rolled his eyes as he read the warning that if this business was screwed up, Alex could say goodbye to his portion of the share.

Alex didn't bother responding as he knew there was nothing to worry about. He watched people who were still dancing, and noted how much fuller the floor was, now that people had gotten a considerable amount of alcohol into them. He easily picked out at least four new clients who had been more than interested in investing in Michael's little "hosting" business. Every man in his right mind loved the idea of gorgeous young women who would fulfill their every desire or fantasy.

Wrinkling his nose in disgust, Alex turned away from the display of gyrating hips and writhing arms. He leaned on his elbows as he thought of what it really was like to love a woman. He thought back to the other night at Michael's. He played along for his friend's sake because the man had taken him in when no one else in the city was willing to offer him a shot. He pretended to be interested in the money and the women Michael threw at him, but in truth, there was only one thing he was interested in.

He had to make sure his mother was provided for. Thanks to his little charade, Michael had secured a great place for her in a high class nursing home. While Alex's mother was still rather young, only being about fifty, she was unable to care for herself, being crippled from the waist down. Because of a car accident a few years prior, she had been bound to a wheel chair, and neither she nor Alex had had enough money set aside to pay for the expense of caring for her. Alex worked very hard to try and care for them, but it always seemed to fall just below the bar. Thanks to a chance meeting, Michael had taken the duo under his very financially stable wings and made sure they were provided for, as long as Alex worked as his right hand man.

Alex ground his teeth together and gripped his glass tightly. Downing his drink, he broke through the crowd, making his way up the stairs again. He had checked on Emma a few hours ago, and called a maid to bring up something for the girl to wear to bed so she could get some rest while her pal finished his playtime. He quietly snuck into the room now, knowing he would need some sleep himself soon. He might just pull out the little trundle bed he kept there, so she could stay asleep undisturbed.

He couldn't help sneaking a look at her as she slept, though. She had finished cleaning up, scrubbing away any trace of the harsh makeup she'd been wearing. Her hair was still damp, but had been carefully brushed and braided. She breathed shallowly as she slept, and a small smile danced sweetly on her lips. Alex was stunned and couldn't help jumping a little as she moaned softly and rolled onto her back, sprawled out in comfortable sleep. The comforter had slipped with the motion of her body and he watched in awe as her perfectly round breasts rose and fell softly with each heavenly breath. The simple white t-shirt the maid had found for her to wear fit loosely but had been pulled tight by the twisting and turning of her sleep. He wondered if suitable bottoms had been secured and fought the urge to look and make sure.

Shaking his head hard to clear it, he pulled out the trundle and peeled back the sheets, crawling in so he could sleep. He didn't even bother undressing, not wanting to put himself in temptation's way. Still, the knowledge she was only a few feet away left him breathless and he felt his cock beginning to swell with desire for this forbidden angel who had charmed her way, unknowingly, into his bed. He closed his eyes slowly and drifted off, an image of her, cleaned and sleeping peacefully, burned into the backs of his eyelids.

--------------------------------------------------

Michael paced from one end of his office to the other. His suit coat was thrown across his desk, and papers were scattered everywhere. The only thing he had come up with that morning was that his mystery woman had gotten off on the floor that hosted a little no-name magazine. The like one would find in a grocery store checkout that held false stories of his kind, making them out to be shallow, unintelligent, spoiled lunatics. He huffed and fell back into his chair. He was supposed to be meeting Alex for lunch in twenty minutes, but didn't feel like waiting that long. Hitting the intercom on his desk, he sent his secretary out for something and dialed Alex's number on his personal cell.

"I've got too much going on today," he said when the young man answered. "If you still would like to have lunch to discuss plans for the gala, come to the office."

"What time?" The bright cheeriness in Alex's voice was in such contrast with Michael's own frustrated mood, that he contemplated hanging up right then, but he needed a distraction, so he resisted.

"Now. I just sent Stacy out to grab a bite for us. I want you here before she gets back."

There was a pause on the other end of the line. "I have someone with me today. I was just getting ready to bring her ho-"

"Bring her," Michael said, cutting him off. "We need to work on this. We have three weeks to get everything set, and I will have no dawdling." With finality, he slammed his phone shut.

It didn't take long for the door of his office to fly open and the boisterous Alex come strutting in. The blonde whirlwind looked as though he hadn't a care in the world and his eyes danced with mirth as he ushered his lady-friend in. Michael's heart stopped.

There she stood before him, as if from a vision within a dream. Her gold hair was pulled back into a tight twist, a couple barrettes holding back her loose strands. She was dressed sharply in a tan jacket and skirt set with a cream colored turtle neck beneath. Her smooth, sculpted legs tapered down into tan heels that clicked across his office floor as she approached, prompted by Alex's greeting. She held out a tiny, manicured hand and he slowly took it, gulping silently.

"Pleased to meet you, Mr. Sanchez," she said, her voice coming to him through a fog. "Alex speaks very highly of you."

Michael nodded, feeling like he was no longer connected to this world. His office, the building, even the surrounding skyline, faded away, leaving only him and his angel. He fought the urge to reach out and touch her, more than the simple handshake they shared. Quickly, he pulled back, clearing his throat as he was slingshot back into reality.

"I believe we've met," he mused, straightening and putting on an air of authority. He continued in answer to both their quizzical stares. "The other night, at the restaurant. Little Miss Ambitious."

Emma blushed, looking down. "Yup, that's me." She chuckled lightly, a sound that rang across the room and fizzed against his skin. "Didn't think I'd ever have the pleasure again." She looked up to meet his gaze again, smiling.

Michael felt his own pleasure growing in his pants and quickly retreated behind his desk, as Stacy came in bearing two hefty sacks. She commenced setting out the spread of sandwiches and a couple cups of different kinds of soup. Alex smiled, showing Emma to one of two huge chairs seated across the desk from Michael. She smiled at him as she sat down and he smiled back, walking over to the lunch selection. He placed a few items on a plate for her and grabbed a water bottle out of the cooler. Emma took it gratefully and sipped from it slowly, her lightly glossed lips parting to consume the water and Michael caught himself in a daydream, in which those delicious lips were pressed to his own, then to his throat, then to his chest, working down until they were against...

"Michael," a harsh voice called, snapping him out of his trance as Alex snapped his fingers in front of his face. He blinked rapidly, meeting the confused faces. He shook his head and smiled charmingly, waving his behavior away.

"Just distracted today." He sighed, settling back in his chair. "Alex, you know." Alex smiled and nodded. Emma looked between the two, and Alex was quick to offer an explanation.

"Every year, Michael hosts a gala in his home, the Secret Sins Gala. It is a celebration of sorts, allowing the elite to revel in a night of their most base desires." He smirked as Emma blushed darkly. Michael raised a brow, looking at Alex, who shook his head, mouthing a promise to explain later. As if struck with inspiration, Alex turned to Emma. "Perhaps you would like to be my guest?"

Both Michael and Emma looked at him, horror in their eyes. Emma stuttered, "I... I could never..." She was struggling to form words, and her shy innocence just attracted Michael even more. He watched her lean in towards Alex. "You know I can't do that," she whispered.

"Why not?" Michael asked, his voice loud and jolly, which left Alex awestruck and slack-jawed. "What's a night of pleasure among friends?" Before Emma could protest again, Michael whipped out one of his black and gold invitations, signed it, sealed it with a gold sticker with his family's seal, and handed it to her. "Come and let us show you what real pleasure is all about." As she took it, he grabbed her fingertips and pulled her hand to his mouth, kissing it gently, smiling darkly as he met her gaze. 

Quickly, Emma broke away. "I really should be going. I'm supposed to be meeting with my editor and I hate making him wait." She turned towards the door. "I'll show myself out." She retreated quickly, closing the door solidly behind her. Both men watched, Michael looking self-satisfied, and Alex looking horrified.

As soon as Alex was sure she was out of hearing range, he turned on Michael. "What was that?" Michael looked at him, raising his brow. "You were basically pushing an invitation to the most elite orgy in the city into her face."

"Let's not forget who originally extended the invitation, Alexander Mauer. I simply handed her the key to getting in. You know it's invite only, and even with you as an escort she would not get past the guards without proof that I had invited her."

"She's a virgin for Christ's sake, Michael," Alex burst out, slamming his hands down on the desk. "You'll scare her away just like you have every woman I've ever found since coming to this town." Alex shook his head as an image of his former fiancée, Abby, flitted through his mind. He had lost her when she had found out what detestable business he was now into. It didn't matter to her, or most decent women, that he did it with the sole purpose of providing for his mother.

Michael stood slowly. "Do you know what she does for a living, Alex?" Alex paused, looking at him curiously. "She writes erotic stories for the magazine downstairs. She may be virgin of body, but in her mind, heart, and soul, she is the furthest thing from it, and I intend to drag that out of her at the gala. So, whether she comes willingly or not, you are to see that she makes it there. Do you understand?"

Alex, on the verge of saying no, saw a flyer for his mother's nursing home, lying among various other organizations that Michael sponsored. Catching Alex's attention, Michael smirked, placing a hand thoughtfully over the flyer, and sliding it towards Alex with obvious control. "She will be there."

Alex sighed slowly, in defeat, and nodded. "Good, now that that is taken care of, we can get down to business. We need to figure out entertainment for this damn thing. Aside from that, Stacy has the rest taken care of." Alex only half listened as Michael rambled on about his girls. He was too absorbed in the flyer on the desk and images of his mother flashed through his mind. What had he become?

--------------------------------------------------

Emma paced her apartment, fighting to come up with the next step of her story, fighting to make sense of what had happened that afternoon at lunch, fighting to determine just what she thought of Michael Sanchez. She plopped down on her couch, pulling her feet up under her. The night breeze from her open window blew in over her, making her nipples poke out against her white bra. She huffed, tugging up her black pajama shorts as she got comfy. She held her fingers over her keyboard, suspended there as if invisible strings held her up from her typing. Thoughts swirled through her mind. Michael was so attractive; so authorative. Isn't that what she'd just told Charles, not more than a couple weeks ago, that's what she wanted? So why was she scared now that the opportunity presented itself?

Then there was this Alex character. She huffed, falling back into the cushions. That was a whole new challenge waiting to be conquered. Sweet, caring Alex; how did he play into a situation like this? How did someone seemingly so sensitive get wrapped up with a control-freak like Michael? Emma just couldn't work it out. She groaned, rubbing her temples, and contemplated grabbing an aspirin and going to bed. Just as she stood to do so, there was a knock at her door. Slightly confused, and a little annoyed, she answered it.

Her breath caught as she found herself standing face to face with none other than Alex. The young man was flushed and stuttered a little, a small piece of paper clutched in his hand. "I... I hope I'm not intruding," he fumbled, looking down and shuffling from one foot to the other. "Your editor gave me the address."

Emma tried to smile, but wound up gritting her teeth. "Come on in," she said. He ducked through the door and she shut it, turning just as he was trying to stuff the paper into his pocket. Instead it fell to the floor and Emma snatched it before he could stop her. Unfolding it, she saw, in Charles neat, fine script, her address, followed by, "Have fun!" Emma growled and crumpled the paper, chucking it into the trash can. She could almost hear the bastard laughing. For now, though, she did have company and she was nowhere near prepared. She looked down and blushed angrily at her plain white underthings and black shorts. Why couldn't he have caught her on a night when she was wearing a nightgown, or at least some sexier underwear.

'Dork,' she chided herself, 'What difference does your underwear make? He's a stranger.' Good point. Still, she felt a little self-conscious and motioned to the couch, offering him a seat. "Can I get you a cup of coffee? Some water?" Vodka, she added mentally, looking through her cupboards for whatever she had, alcohol-wise. Alex waved away her offer, but Emma still poured two cups of coffee, secretly dropping a few splashes of her poison into her own mug. 'Liquid courage,' she chuckled to herself. 

Setting both mugs on the coffee table, she curled up on the opposite end of the couch, glancing over at him. In the low glare of her lamp, he looked as if he were glowing. He suddenly turned to her, his gaze catching and holding hers. There seemed to be a battle raging behind his eyes, as if he had one thing he needed and one that he wanted. He slid closer, and Emma couldn't help balling up tighter.

"Emma, I..." he again seemed to stumble over his words. "Michael wants you at that party. He... He won't be talked out of it. I need you to listen to my pleading and join me there." Emma loosened a little as he spoke, wondering at the harried, almost desperate tone in his voice. "You caught the idea of what the whole thing is about, I'm sure," he finished, sliding back to his side of the couch.

"You know I would be out of place there, Alex," she muttered, keeping her knees tight to her chest. She felt his eyes on her again and heard him sigh. She looked up to see him nodding in dejected resolution.

"I won't make you do anything you don't want to do. I was just hoping," he hesitated, struggling with how much he should say. "I guess I just really wanted someone else with a real heart to be there with me so I didn't feel like an outcast like I always do."

He began to rise, and in the same instant, Emma unfurled and sprang forward, grabbing his arm gently, pulling him back. "Alex, this party isn't all that's bugging you, is it?" He looked at her, stunned and she smiled welcomingly. "Talk to me, please. Let me help."

He hesitated, but only for a moment. He knew he could no longer shoulder the burden alone, and to have someone on the outside of his little circle actually care for him, and solely for him, was a refreshing change. Taking a deep breath, he looked into her bright green eyes. Maybe, just maybe, this woman could help free him from Michael's grasp. There was only one way to find out, so, starting with his mother's accident, he began telling her everything.