 Amy met Anne Marie eight months ago and they immediately hit it off. They had several discreet and intimate dates. On one occasion, they go for a long weekend to Lake Tahoe when Anne Marie's husband, Tom, goes on a golf outing. Anne Marie and Tom have two children. The kids are away at college most of the time. They are just a bit younger than Amy.

Whenever Tom leaves town for business, Amy stays with Anne Marie. Tom travels frequently; many times a day or two a week. Amy wears one of his starched dress shirts and her bikini panties to lounge with Anne Marie. Amy uses his exercise equipment, his cologne, and, sometimes his tooth brush. She sleeps on Tom's side of the bed and enjoys cuddling his wife. Tom calls most nights and Amy rests her head on Anne Marie's shoulder to listen to their conversations. She learns a lot about Tom and keeps a good journal. 

At night Amy likes being in the double Jacuzzi bath with Anne Marie; candles burning and bodies cleaning. Or in the triple shower, standing and hugging in wet warm embraces or laughing and giggling or serious playing with toys of pleasure. The home is large, luxurious and secluded. It has a beautiful and romantic view of the city lights. If it is warm, they sometimes shower and play outside by the pool with the stars and moon looking on them, their clothes discarded. Nothing seems better than standing and kissing in long embraces. 

They jump into bed, the sheets smell so good but are so cold. They kiss intently and push breasts together. Their legs intertwine, pussy touching, and hips are rocking. 

As her fingers move inside Anne Marie, Amy studies and gets excited by the pictures of Anne Marie and Tom on the nightstand. Anne Marie, her eyes closed, moves her fingers in Amy. Amy looks at the pictures of the children and religious momentums on the dresser; she is doing their mother. Soon they'll be fisting. 

Late one night, Tom comes home early from a business trip. Anne Marie and Amy are already in bed but hear the warning from security gate that is at the bottom of the hill. Luckily Amy did not drive that day and Anne Marie has enough time to rush Amy into her daughter's empty bedroom that is at the far end of the house. 

At four in morning Amy cannot sleep and sneaks to their bedroom. Sitting on the floor near the door she thinks how they are such a loving couple laying there close together, her arm draped over him. Anne Marie stirs and is petrified to see Amy on the floor. Amy motions for her to get up. Anne Marie is upset as she escorts Amy back to her daughter's room. Amy insists on sex; Anne Marie doesn't have much choice. Amy enjoys having sex with 'mom' in her daughter's bed. Afterwards, she tells Anne Marie that she wants to watch her and Tom have sex. Of course, Anne Marie is outraged but again doesn't have a lot of choices. Amy gives Anne Marie a verbal list of things to do and how to do them. 

Tom is tired but after some manipulation, is aroused. After some kissing, licking, and touching, Anne Marie squats over Tom. With his penis in her hand she strokes him up and down her slit and on her clit, masturbating herself and him. She takes him inside her, gradually increasing the penetration every several strokes until she consumes him with long up and down squats. Amy had taught her this squatting over the last several months and also has her doing various squat exercises, which Anne Marie does almost daily now. Before meeting Amy, Anne Marie never exercised. Since then she has toned her soft body and lost some pounds that she had put on after the children many years ago. Amy also taught Anne Marie some butt squeeze exercises that firmed up ass and strength her pelvic muscles, which she now has wrapped around Tom. Her sex with Tom has greatly improved since meeting Amy. Prior to meeting Amy, Anne Marie was lucky to have sex once a week or once every two weeks. Now, it is several times a week. She slowly teaches Tom many of the things she learns or experiences with Amy. 

While squat fucking Tom, Anne Marie looks over to Amy. Amy is sitting there fingering herself and watching them. Amy has on one of Tom's white dress shirts. They exchange eye contact and Anne Marie sticks out her tongue in a pussy licking fashion. Amy takes her hand up her shirt and squeezes her nipples. Anne Marie mimics the action on herself and the long in and out strokes send her into clit orgasm. Amy flips her blonde hair, tilts head and arches her back. Anne Marie mimics the action with hands behind her to do an elongated back bend. Tom's cock pushes into her g-spot and she goes into longer screaming orgasm. Amy loves that familiar scream.

After a short while, Anne Marie blows Tom, first licking his head and shaft and then deep throating him. Amy sees Anne Marie lips around him and her hand between his legs gently pressuring his prostrate and ass-fucking him with tiny strokes. Tom's mouth is open, his tongue protruding almost doodling. His eyes are closed and his hips are pumping. Amy sees Tom's juices in the corners of her mouth and the dips down her chin.

After that she gets into a doggy position and Tom butt fucks her while fingering her anus. His face is tight with streaks of angry and beads of sweat. He looks so mean as his muscles tense and he shoves it in her. Anne Marie face is full of pain and tears as she looks towards Amy. They exchange eye contact until Anne Marie goes into another orgasm. 

With Anne Marie on her back, Tom greedily eats her pussy. By the way Anne Marie looks and moves, it looks like Tom has found her nub and has learned how to lick, suck, and teeth it. Amy thinks to herself 'wonder how he learned that'. She also thinks to herself how this is the same pussy she was eating just forty minutes ago. She quietly gets up and sneaks back to the other bedroom. Laying there fingering herself and half asleep, she is shock to feel Anne Marie move in next to her.

"Amy, that was so good with you watching. I was so aroused. Thank you," Anne Marie whispers into Amy ear. 

"I was so proud of you and you were so sensuous; you made me so excited," Amy replies as she rolls over to kiss and embrace Anne Marie. 

After Anne Marie makes love to her, Amy holds her in her breasts and lobs a bombshell, "Not tonight but sometime soon, I want you to watch me have sex with Tom." Anne Marie heart beats in reverse for the third time that night. "And, I want you watch too." Amy continues.

[Amy is struggling with how she should take the next step with Anne Marie and Tom. Any suggestions you have would be appreciated. Don't forget to vote.] 

"Editor Girl", part of the volunteer editing program, helped me with story.