 He comes to me each night and I long for the day to end just so I can be with him. He fills me with his spirit, and I am satiated.

Each night I prepare myself for him. I lavish my body in a bath of lavender scented oils. I sponge the warm water over my skin and breathe in the sensual aroma of the candles. I let my hands wander over my body, feeling the softness of my skin. I feel I could almost sleep in this oasis of warmth and aroma.

Wrapping myself in the thickest towel, I pat my skin dry. Small drops of water still drip from my shoulder length hair, causing tiny rivers down my spine as I move from the warm lush bathtub to the edge of my bed.

Wanting to be soft to his touch, I smooth cream all over my skin with the palms of my hands. I want him to be surrounded by the sweet scent of my perfume. To be mesmerized by the silky feel of my skin. My fingers massage the cream into the calves of my legs and then up over my stomach. It is all I can do to resist the temptation of letting them slip between my thighs. By now thoughts of him occupy every corner of my mind and I can feel the swelling and heat that comes from the memories of him.

Carelessly, I allow my hands to run down over my stomach and fall between my aching, swollen loins. Ecstasy envelops me and it is all I can do to stop myself from falling backwards onto the bed, surrendering myself to these blissful yearnings.

The wind blows the curtains billowing into my room, breaking my reverie and I move to the window. I can hear his voice calling me in the night. My name on his lips! How I love to kiss those sweet, delectable lips. I know he'll be here soon.

Still naked, I admire my body in the mirror. Tracing a finger down my side and smiling at what I see. I enjoy how my breasts heave as I take a deep breathe, thinking of him kissing me. With only a gold necklace around my neck, there is nothing to interfere with his hands that will want to explore all of me as he makes me his own.

The silk wrap on the chair shall be my blanket. The feel of it on my skin makes me shiver. I lie on the bed and wait.

Slowly I drag the fabric up over my body. The coolness of it make my breasts scream and nipples taut. I let it slip between my legs and feel it pull up against me, as I slowly drag it. I am completely covered. He will enjoy coming in and seeing me this way. Lying in bed, naked and waiting only for him.

My eyes are closed, but I feel him drawing near. The wind blows in again through the window. I feel the softness of it caress my skin. Then I'm not sure if it is the wind or his breath I feel. The silk scarf falls away from my body as I wait for him with great anticipation.

I feel him trace his finger over my cheek and then my lips. I want to take it into my mouth but he draws away. With my eyes closed, I can't see him. I only feel him. His finger continues over my chin and down slowly along my neck. I take a deep breath as I feel a shiver run through me. I know his eyes are drinking in my nakedness. I can somehow feel his heart beating quickly; I hear his breath coming in a soft whisper. He is calling my name, teasing me by brushing the silk scarf over my breasts. I arch my back, aching for him to touch me. Wanting his hands to cup my breasts, massage them. I long for him to roll my nipples between his fingers. The silk scarf slides lower down my body and I am exposed entirely in the pale moonlight.

I know he must be enjoying this moment. I am his, and his alone. I feel him draw near me. He whispers in my ear - a husky, beckoning call filled with an urgency that we are both consumed with. His lips are on the nape of my neck, his hands tracing circles around my breasts. I am paralyzed with ecstasy. My lips are begging to be kissed, and when they meet his the desire in my body comes alive. I nibble and taste him. I long to just run my tongue over his lips, to suck on them. His kisses fill my body with waves of delight as his hands rub my nipples and softly squeeze my breasts. I must have more of him.

I hungrily kiss his neck and run my lips to his chest. My hands feel the tight muscles in his back, as he so carefully lets his body hover over mine. I am lost in this emotion. I am lost in his touch. Like a doll he puts his hands under me and pulls me to him. There isn't a questioning look. He understands my need. His lips hungrily find my breasts, and suck on my nipples as my intense moans grow. Fingers are running down, pressing in between my legs. Oh, how I want to feel you touch me. They tease, feel, play and I push my hips skywards, urgently wanting them inside. Longing for them to penetrate deep inside, to satisfy that intense desire.

His Lips are like fire moving down my body and I feel his hard maleness moving from my thigh down. I sigh and press my hips deep into the bed under me. Enticing him to move lower, screaming in my mind for his kisses to reach farther down. I am his goddess, my moans his call. He is rewarded with every soft moan and sigh as he lets his lips fall to me. His tongue presses between my sweet lips; tasting the desire he's created. My mind blank, my body moves with a rhythm of its own. My fingers run through his hair, as he teases me with butterfly kisses.

Feeling his breath against my thigh, his tongue dancing, I am drowning in a wave of rapture. A moment is lost; there isn't thought or sound. Only the explosive pleasure he brings to me.

My eyes flutter open and I see him. A glow from the window washes over his body. I reach for him, pulling him to me. He pushes his body against mine, his hips between my trembling thighs. He takes my hands and puts them above my head, his fingers wrap around my wrists, holding me there, immobilized by his strength and desire. I slowly feel him press into me while my lips eagerly meet his. My breasts arch into his chest and slowly he starts making love to me.

He continues to hold my hands away from his body and only allows me to explore him with my lips. I am insane in wanting to touch him. I want to pull his hips into me, run my hands over his back. I want to gently trace his lips and kiss them greedily. I seek out his lips, and bite down on them as his thrusts inside me quicken. I can't breathe as my body consumes him. The sweat rolling down his back drips onto my stomach and he groans as he nuzzles into my neck and sends me reeling. I drag my hands out of his and reach for his body. Stroking him, feeling his skin, pulling him so deep into me that I want to scream, from sheer passion. I hear myself calling out his name and he responds with a soft moan. I push him from me and turn onto my tummy. I drag his hands around me until I feel his chest brush my back. I sway my hips into him and tease him until he grabs them and takes me forcefully.

Both of us moan from the sheer animalistic desire that takes over. The urges to just devour each other. His hands reach and squeeze my breasts. I push my back into him and turn enough to reach his lips with my own. Ragged breaths. Strong moans. Deep, hard strokes. He clutches me to him and with a final plunge into the depth of my soul, he shudders against me. He is mine. For that one suspended moment, we are one. Phantom lovers, spirits that mix together, and share a passion, in the darkest still of the night.