 It was a Saturday night when Rose was due to come over to my apartment. I set out to make dinner and have a very nice evening with her. Of course I had thoughts of this horny woman completely naked and her legs spread wide inviting me to enjoy the sweet nectar that she offered. Needless to say I was horny all day and kept thinking of all the things that I wanted to experience with this lovely flower. We had gotten together once before for drinks at my place but ended up drinking so much she passed out. Well, later in the morning she woke up and invited me to join her in bed. We had a lot of fun but it would have been better had we not had so much to drink. 

7:00pm arrived and there she was, right on time. I answered the door and there stood Rose with her long dark hair. Damn I really love her hair, lots of wavy curls and shoulder length. I invited her in and we embraced in a gentle and sensual hug. I could feel her 34C breasts pressing against my chest and I could feel that familiar stirring in my pants. My penis was reacting to the thoughts going through my head. With one hand I began to caress her back as my other slid to her face and pulled it to mine and gently kissed her soft lips. Rose had put her arms around my shoulders and neck and returned the kiss in such a soulful, hunger as if she needed that much as I did. Our tongues danced in each other’s mouths erotically and not at all like warriors. Let me tell you I had a raging hardon then. I knew she could feel me against her pelvis as she slowly made a motion like a rolling ocean tide against me. We held that kiss for only a moment when I took one of her hands and walked her to the dinning room table.

The table was set for our dinner with two large white candles flickering their light. I retreated to the kitchen and prepared the plates of food and served her a drink to occupy her. We talked briefly about work and the goings on in our lives. Once dinner was complete were retired to the living room and sat on my sofa close to each other with my arm around her shoulders. Rose nuzzled close to me as we continued to talk. Soon, our conversation turned towards small sexual innuendoes and I gazed into her eyes knowing that I wanted this woman with every fiber in my being. She rubbed her hand across my chest and I could not help myself as I reached under her chin and gently raised her head to mine and kissed her again. Her hand stopped rubbing my chest for a moment and then moved towards my thigh as she made circle across my leg from my knee to almost my groin. I reached around with my free hand and touched her cheek as I glided it down the front of her neck and then towards her breasts.

Rose’s scent was strong in my nostrils and it only made me desire her more. To kiss and taste the nectar of the sweetest flower. Through her blouse I could feel her erect nipples tearing at her bra, wanting to be released. Her kiss was more passionate as I manipulated nipples and her hand found the object of their own desire, my bulging cock. It was like being jacked off through my pants and I could not stand it any longer. I broke the kiss as I stood from the couch pulling Rose up with me. As she raised up she once again threw her arms around my neck and was kissing me again. I guided her towards the bedroom as we kissed, stopping only long enough to remove an item of clothing every few feet. First, I pulled her blouse and bra off making sure I got to suck one of her nipples into my mouth for a quick kiss before moving to the other. Rose’s hands would hold me from the back of my head forcing me down to her breast as she uttered a low “Ahhhh”. It sounded as if all of the air in her body was suddenly released from her. 

Rose clawed at my back pulling my shirt over my head. She attacked my neck with kisses and gentle sucking as she made her way over my chest. By now we made it to the bedroom where she back away slightly and allowed me to unfasten her jeans. My hands quickly found their way inside and pushed them towards the floor. Returning up from my task we embraced again and kissed as Rose sought to release me from the confines of my pants. Once my belt and zipper were delt with, she snaked a hand inside and took hold of my cock. Rose squeezed and pulled on me for a moment before kneeling down and shoving my pants into a heap around my ankles. She never lost her grip on my rigid penis. I was watching her every movement as she lowered her head toward my cock and licked the underside of it. She gazed up at me and continued stroking my shaft. The look on her face was like she was asking if I was ready for something special. We both smiled and she returned her focus to my swollen dick that she held so lovingly. Rose kissed the tip and then opened her mouth and agonizingly slow, pressed me into her mouth. She got me about half way in and then, just as slow, withdrew me just to the crown of my head.

I wanted to throw my head back and close my eyes enjoying the sensation that Rose was affording me. But, I could not pull my eyes away from the totally erotic sight before me. I had fantasized many a time about her luscious lips wrapped around my cock and giving me the pleasure that was now at hand. My hands instinctively went to her head. Not to push or pull away but to feel her hair, her face her very being. After several long minutes I could feel that familiar tingling in my balls, I knew I was not going to last too long with the most wonderful feeling she was giving me. Finally, I had to pull away from her and pull her up. I laid her down on the bed and just gazed at this beautiful creature in front of me. Rose spread her legs and raised her knees to me as if she were a real flower opening her petals; waiting for me to taste and savoir the nectar of the gods.

I quickly finished removing my pants that had been bunched around my ankles and knelt on the floor in front of Rose. I used my hands and caressed between her thighs, careful not to touch the prize that awaited me. I wanted her to experience the same amount of pleasure that she had given me. I lowered my head and placed gentle kisses from the inside of her knees down to her pussy. I alternated from one leg to the other and could tell she was now having a hard time keeping her legs up and so I propped them using my hands. Her scent was so intoxicating to me and I could now plainly see how wet I had made her. She was glistening with her own moisture and I could not wait any more. I lowered my head and let my tongue touch the fold of her pussy. She moved slightly and I knew she liked what I was doing. I licked around the outside of her lips enjoying her flavor and the gyrations her body was making. I circled around and around getting closer and closer to her opening. I moved one hand and using just one finger I touched her at the bottom of her vagina and ever so lightly trailed upwards to the top. I just grazed her swollen clitoris and felt her body tense under my touch. Running my finger back and forth a few times just allowing myself to penetrate her slightly more with each pass I finally entered my finger into her. The warmth and moisture consumed me. All I could think about and wanted was to make her achieve her orgasm. She turned her head from one side to another as I slowly pushed my finger in and then pulled it almost all of the way out. 

Finally, I dipped my head, opened my mouth and completely covered her pussy with my mouth. Using my finger and my tongue I ravished her fast and then slow. When I felt her about to explode I would slow and allow her to relax. I wanted her to cum like she had not cum in a very long time, if ever. After what seemed like forever I decided it was time to send her over the edge. This time I did not back off when she started to slightly moan. She reached down with her hands and grabbed my head. Almost trying to force me deeper into her. Suddenly her body tensed and began to quiver slightly. Her breathing was labored and uneasy as the ocean wave of her orgasm consumed her. I felt like I was being pulled into her as her muscles contracted and gripped me tight. I knew to remain still as she came down from the rush of her orgasm. Rose regained her senses and began to relax. I pulled my finger from her and licked her wetness from it and lightly licked her a little to sooth her. 

I raised my head and looked at Rose’s face. There was a huge smile stretched across it and her eyes seemed to be glazed over in lust. I stood and was going to lie down beside her so she could relax for awhile but she had other thoughts. Rose quickly maneuvered under me with her legs on either side of me. “Not yet” she said and reached down taking hold of my cock. She stroked me a couple of times before guiding me towards her. She pushed the head of my cock into the opening of her pussy before releasing me. She was still so wet that I slid completely into her without effort. It was fast and hard. I watched her face as I entered her. Her head tilted upwards and I could tell it felt good to her having me inside her. I paused for a moment enjoying the feeling myself. She was so warm and felt so good. Having myself buried all the way inside of her was the most wonderful feeling. I could feel every inch of her around my dick. The walls of her pussy were so smooth and felt like silk. I could not help but begin moving in and out of this amazing creature. I pulled back far enough to feel the head of my cock at her opening and then I pushed back all the way inside. I started very slow and built up speed. I could not believe it but I was about to cum to quickly. I had to stop for a moment and try to think about something other than how fantastic she felt around me. The harder I thought the worse it got. Rose must have sensed it also; she opened her eyes and looked at me. She said only two words that rocked me to the very core. “Go ahead.”

Having heard those words, I began to build a pace and before I knew it, without hardly a warning I erupted deep within Rose. By now Rose was holding both of my arms with either hand and was squeezing me tight. I could feel myself expand then retract with each shot I deposited. After I relaxed and opened my eyes, Rose was smiling at me and had a glow all about her. I gently laid down closer to her as she told me how good that felt to her. She said that she could actually feel my cum hit the back of her cervix each time I erupted. I told Rose that it felt so good that I want more and hoped she did also. She threw her arms around my neck and pulled me closer to her as she started moving underneath me. “You had better give me more!” was all she said just before we rolled over and she got on top.