 Eric met Val at Panera at 2:00 p.m. As usual, he was a few minutes early and she came rolling in just in the knick of time. He ordered them a light lunch and they sat. Val left her coat on, saying she was chilly. When Eric sat down, he noticed she'd unbuttoned her coat. He could see that she was wearing a very sheer, feminine, black blouse. Underneath he thought he saw red and thought it was unusual that Val would wear red under black. 

As they satisfied the hunger in their bellies, the hunger in their loins grew. You could see it in their eyes as they talked. As Eric was talking to Val, she slipped off her three and half inch heels and slid her nyloned foot between his legs. She smiled as she felt his hardness twitch beneath her foot and he stopped in mid sentence to wrap his hand around her toes and pull her foot further into his manhood. 

They quickly decided to take their unfinished lunches with them across the street. It had been far too long since they had fucked and both were filled with sexual tension that left them racing with desire. 

Once in their room, the door had barely closed when they fell into each others arms. They pulled each other close with lust. Their lips met and opened. Their tongues each explored the other's mouth. Eric wanted Val to get on the bed so he could fuck her from behind immediately. 

Val ran her hand down his chest and around to his ass. "Be patient." She walked him over to a comfortable chair and had him sit to enjoy. She slipped off her coat and Eric now knew why she left it on at Panera. The red beneath her blouse was a red bra that was entirely cupless. The blouse was sheer enough that he could see her nipples were puffy and already erect. And she had that adorable short, short black skirt on! He couldn't believe her husband didn't think twice about letting her out of the house in that!

Val began to rub herself against Eric's body. She got on her knees to remove his boots and when she stood up she ground her ass against his dick as it strained in his pants. Slowly she slid the skirt off her hips and Eric could see the lace of her stockings, the garter, and to his surprise a very tiny red thong. He made a mental note to take this up with her a bit later, since he had explicitly asked her to not wear any panties. These were probably as good as, maybe even better than, no panties. But not what he asked for, giving him an opportunity to spank her ass for not listening to him. 

Straddling his knee, Val unbuttoned Eric's shirt and slid it off his arms. Then she unbuttoned her shirt, while rubbing her ass against his crotch again. Eric enjoyed watching her rub her breasts for him and suck out her nipple even more. Val put her right foot up on the arm of the chair, giving him a wonderful view of her smoothly shaved pussy. Slowly, she slid two fingers under the string of her thong, and deep into her puss spreading her juices all along her crack to linger at her clit. Simultaneously they both let out deep moans--Val from the touch of her fingers on her clit; Eric from the sight of his darling's puss displayed only inches from his face--and all just for him. Val quickly brought herself to the edge of an orgasm and withdrew her fingers from her lower lips to savor them with her upper lips. She wiped her juices across her lips like lip gloss, then slowly licked, moving them in and out of her mouth. Taking her fingers from her mouth she reached to undo her bra and remove it, but Eric said, "No, please don't. I like to look at you this way." 

Val could feel the wetness beginning to trickle down her leg. Her desire for Eric, was immense. She took both hands to his belt and pants. When he lifted his hips for her to remove them, she also hooked her thumbs into his underwear and removed both with one fell swoop. Running her hands up the inside of his thighs, Val couldn't wait any longer to have Eric. 

Val squeezed the oozing precum from the tip of his dick and used it to coat his whole swollen red head that looked ready for action. One hand she wrapped around the base of his dick, the other dropped to caress his balls, and her lips took in just the head of his dick while her tongue played with the sensitive "v" on the underside. She worked her way up and down his shaft, showering him with kisses, licking, sucking. Feeling him gently put his hands on the back of her head, signaling he wanted more and was ready. She sucked his entire length into the back of her throat and found a rhythm between her bobbing head and caressing hand that if the groans were her meter were all quite pleasing for Eric. 

She looked at him with eyes that said there was nothing else she would rather be doing than sucking his dick and lavishing attention on him. Her eyes danced with pleasure and desire as Eric groaned and began to thrash from side to side. Eric spoke from his ecstasy, "I want to feel my dick in your puss." 

She stood, making sure that her breasts had as much contact with his body as possible in the process. She straddled his legs and sat down on his rod, lowering herself completely. They probably heard her groan several rooms down! Oh how she had missed him. Oh how she had missed the feel of him inside her. 

Eric could feel the nylons on his legs, the string of the thong providing just a little extra stimulation on his dick, the contractions of her pussy milking him, the fleshiness of her breasts pressed against his hairy chest, her hands on his back, and her lips and tongue exploring him. Reaching over to the table, while continuing to ride up and down on Eric's fine cock, Val found her vibrating egg in the outside pocket of her pack. Without missing a stroke, she wet the egg with her saliva then slipped it inside the thong right up against her clit. Then she handed the remote control to Eric. 

Almost immediately, Val was hit with her first orgasm of the day. Hearing her moan uncontrollably and feeling her pussy clench his dick, sent Eric over the orgasmic edge, too. With their sex throbbing, they sat embracing each other. Val begged Eric to turn off the egg, but instead he turned it up and held her close and firm, while again she spasmed uncontrollably, this time squirting on his lap from the force of this sexual explosion. 

Eric guided Val to the bed, placing several pillows under her. Then he pulled her legs to him as he stood beside the bed, and again inserted his dick into her waiting puss. She was still sensitive from the round they had just finished and each stroke made her squirm. Eric liked this position because it was easy on his back, and he could finger her clit or pull open her ass. This position put him in charge. He asked her to tease her nipples for him so he could watch while he fucked her. After a few minutes, she could feel his ass stiffen and his dick swell even more within her, then she felt his warm, sweet, cum filling her. 

Eric crawled onto the bed beside her trying to catch his breath. Their bodies entwined. They smiled. They kissed. They simply held each other for a time and affirmed that it was indeed good to "move as one" again. 

As their kisses again became more passionate, Eric said, "Put your suit on. I want to take you swimming. Or, more accurately, I want to take you in the swimming pool." Eric pulled on his trunks and watched as Val tied the halter top of her bikini then wrapped her matching sarong around her waist. Eric quickly surmised that he liked Val's swimsuit because it appeared innocent, but would allow him lots of access to her body. 

When they got to the pool, Eric slipped in the deep end. Val entered from the shallow end of the pool. The pool was lovely--just the right temperature. Being the middle of the day, they were the only two in it. As Val walked into the deeper end, Eric swam up behind her. He stood behind her pressing his already hardening dick into her backside and running his hands up and down the front of her body as he pulled her against him. As he ran his hands down her breasts and over her stomach, this time he hooked his thumbs into her bottoms and pulled them down around her knees. Standing behind her again, he whispered in her ear, "Let me have your bottoms. I want them out of my way."

Val slipped one foot at a time out of her bottoms and handed them to Eric. He surprised her by taking them and swimming over to the side of the pool, then tossing her bottoms over to the chaise where they left their towels. "Eric!" He just laughed, lustily. Val carefully tried to swim to where Eric was, without exposing her bare ass to the world (but no one was there). He assured her he'd get them when she needed them and proceeded to pull her toward him, so that he could penetrate her once again. 

She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck and began bobbing up and down, making gentle waves in the water. Eric discovered that her top allowed him ample access to her luscious breasts. They both enjoyed the feeling of buoyancy that came with fucking in the water. 

After a joyous fucking in the pool, Eric suggested they move to the jacuzzi. Since there was no one there, he dared Val to go from the pool bare bottomed, so he could enjoy watching. 

In the jacuzzi, they relaxed. Val was just laying back enjoying the refreshing whirl of the water, when she felt Eric's hand come searching for her puss. With one thrust he inserted three fingers and used his thumb to work her clit, while inside he stroked her G-spot. He began to tell her all that he yet wanted to do to her and have her do to him that day. He made it clear that he wanted her to know for days that she had been fucked. He wanted her to remember every time she walked that Eric had indeed claimed her pussy. He sucked on her breasts and nibbled at her nipples, even nipping them... 

When they returned to the room, Eric told Val he thought it was now time for her to receive her "discipline" for failing to follow his instructions, namely, wearing panties when he asked for none. Eric told Val to lie on the bed and spread herself for him, 'Some punishment,' she thought. Eric brought out the clit clip she'd bought for him to put on her to display herself all the better for him to see. He put it on like he'd been practicing for years. Her clit immediately felt sensitized. 

Then he told her to roll on her stomach and put her ass in the air.

'Doggie style,' our favorite she thought. But then he surprised her and got out his warming massage oil. He began by applying it to her clit and blowing on it. Then he worked it into her ass. 

When he got up to go get something else, Val asked what he was doing and he pulled a new butt plug/teaser from his bag. He smiled. "What's that for?" she asked. 

"Bad girls!" he replied. Then he landed two swift swats on her butt cheeks, making them pink. He slid his hardened dick into her pussy, then lubed the plug and eased it into her ass. "Finger your clit while I fuck your holes," he told her. Neither of them lasted long....