 He spied her in the distance on a cool evening at dusk. She sat on a swing kicking at the dust where the grass had been worn away from years of skidding little feet. Her hair, like the finest silk, blew in the breeze and the setting suns rays shone through it.

The handsome young man felt a stirring in his heart and in his loins as he looked upon her beauty. He could not help this feeling, and felt he must approach her. As he approached her quietly, he couldn't help but notice the feminine swell of her breasts as they rose and fell with her breathing. He could also smell her sweet perfume.

She sat on the swing, thinking of the long week she had had at work, and her thoughts turned to the weekend. She also thought of her lover, who had recently shipped out with the Merchant Marines. He was a swarthy man, in his early 20's, but possessed a certain earthy charm about him.

She thought of her love for him as she relaxed on the swing. She could almost smell his cologne in the breeze. She thought of the times they had made love; how incredible his hard body felt against her. She thought of what a considerate lover he was. The way he made love to her, she was always the first to climax. She also thought of the little romantic things he did to make her happy; The wild flowers he picked for her on her birthday, the candy he bought for her on the 6-month anniversary. She loved him, she knew.

The young man approached her silently and finally reached out to touch her hair. When he did this, she jumped with a start and turned to face him. Just as she was about to say something, he took her face in his hands and kissed her deeply, probing with his tongue. She responded. Slowly at first, but as his kisses grew more passionate, more forceful, she submitted fully to the lust in his lips.

As they kissed, his hands followed the curves of her sexy body until they came to rest on her womanly buttocks. He held her like this and she responded by grinding her pelvis against him.

He could feel the nipples of her full breasts harden against his chest as he held her ass and kissed her gently. He slowly moved his lips to her throat and her mouth dropped open with a moan. Her fingers worked under the man's shirt to feel the powerful muscles of his chest. As she did this, the young man felt his stomach tighten as his manhood became swollen with desire. 

Driven by his lust, the man's fingers crept to the clasp closing her shorts. As he fumbled with the clasp with one hand the other caressed her firm breasts through her blouse. They were both breathing hard as her shorts dropped to the ground, and his trembling fingers touched the lacy band of her panties. 

Aroused and lust filled, she opened his pants and allowed them to also drop to the ground, and she felt his hard penis with her tiny hands. While one hand gripped his penis thru his underwear, she worked her other hand thru one of the leg holes and cupped his hard testicles.

The man, now flushed with excitement, pulled away and quickly stripped away the woman's blouse to expose her firm heavy breasts to his gaze. He quickly leaned over and kissed both of them, and finally sucked her left nipple into his mouth. He bit it gently and moved to the right breast.

She felt shivers of pleasure streak from her hyper-sensitive nipples to her now wet vagina. It seemed to her that inside her body, they were connected. These shivers of ecstasy caused her hands to increase their tempo on the man's iron penis. She felt him tremble and a clear drop of fluid appeared at the opening.

The man now pulled her panties off roughly, and pushed her back down on the cool wooden seat of the swing. Before he could back away, she pulled him close, and licked the clear fluid from his penis while she caressed his swollen testicles with her hands. She then ran her hands to his ass and in one quick motion, pulled him deeply into her throat.

The man moaned and groaned as she moved up and down on him. He felt as if he had died and gone to heaven. He also felt his stomach tightening with the beginnings of a climax.

She felt him start to tremble and buck to her administrations and knew that soon, he would approach his climax. She looked into his cool blue eyes, and without saying a word, they agreed that she needed to stop. 

The young man, although fatigued from the lady's oral assault dropped quickly to his knees and kissed her again, very softly. He whispered quietly that it was her turn, and his kisses trailed down her neck, to her breasts and over her firm tummy. At last his lips rested on the soft fur that surrounded her vagina.

He ran his tongue around her tans lines, and she greedily opened her legs for him. His tongue slowly wound its way to the very outer lips of her labia, and he inhaled the soft fragrance of her. Teasingly, he was careful to lick and kiss her every where except for her clitoris. Somehow, he knew to save that for last. 

She held tightly to the cold steel chain that supported her seat with one hand. She ran the fingers of her free hand through his light brown hair, as he nibbled at her desires. She couldn't believe that he knew just were to put his tongue to keep her on the edge of her orgasm. It seemed that just when her climax was to hit, that his tongue would back away. She moaned and cried out as she went deeper and deeper into his inflicting abyss.

He felt her muscles begin to tighten, and he knew that he had her at the perfect point of her climax. He was planning now, scheming to bring her the most incredible flood of passion she had ever felt. He knew she was close; he knew she could stand little more. Just when the time seemed right, he took the little bud of clitoris between his lips and rapidly slashed at it with his tongue, driving her with no mercy to her peak. She cried out that she was coming, and as he heard this, he was already backing away.

She cried for him not to stop, just as he began stroking her again, this time with the head of his big penis. He was close already, from the passion he felt from her. As she again neared her peak, he slowly slid his hardness into her tight sheath.

This seemed to push her over the edge, and she came in a series of gut-wrenching orgasms. He steadily pushed into her until there was no more. He was struggling, trying to gain control of himself, as he slipped nearer and nearer to his own climax. He managed to contain himself as he slowly increased his rhythm with long slow strokes.

She had never felt so fulfilled in her life! Her orgasms took over her body, and as he slowly allowed himself to fill her, she whispered encouragement sweetly in his ear. He picked up the pace, and she felt him harden even more.

She held onto the steel chains tightly to keep herself from falling off the swing. He whispered back to her the pleasure that he felt. He told her how beautiful it was to make love to her in the outdoors. He told her how beautiful she was. Suddenly, she felt the heat of his juices squirting into her. She was overwhelmed with the power of his ejaculation, and it triggered yet another orgasm for her. 

As they hung onto each other, enjoying the after-glow, they talked and giggled and laughed like old friends. Then she asked her man how his cruise had been.