 "Are you busy?" I asked leaning over the bed and whispering in your ear.

You are busy. 

I already know the answer but I am too excited to care. Your pajamas are on, you're reading glasses, the iPod on your lap opened to Facebook. Already you have taken off your make up (I know this might bother you but it won't matter and you'll see why - or not) and you are in the final stages of your evening routine before shutting off the light and going to sleep.

You look tired but the shine in your eyes speaks of intrigue. "Not really." Words spoken with a hint of caution.

"Come with me."

"Where?"

I smile. "The shed."

You frown.

Confused.

"What?"

I only hold out my hand. Reluctantly you take it.

When I pull you up out of the bed I push my face into the side of your neck and deeply inhale your scent while my lips brush from your collarbone to your earlobe. I can feel your pelvis press against me.

"The kids," you whisper.

"They're asleep. Bring the monitor."

Outside it is a chilly summer night. The sky clear and a crescent moon lingering like a bright scratch on the canvas of the night, spring peepers talking in chorus in the woods behind our house, and a sprinkler whispering in the darkness. 

I guided her down the walkway from our house, out into the night, toward the shed that was on the edge of our property secluded in the night and the heavy trees around it.

"It's cold."

"Not for long," 

When we got to the shed she reaches out for the doorknob. 

I stop her.

"Wait."

"What?"

"You need this." Out of my back pocket I pull a blindfold. "Put it on." I didn't ask. Before she had time to say 'no' I was pushing her hair out of the way and placing the blindfold over her eyes. I kissed her, wrapping my arms around her body my hands sliding down to cup her ass that I gave a tight squeeze.

"Trust me?" I asked.

"No." the words were whispered and even in the dark I could see the faint smile on her face.

I turned the doorknob and opened the door to the shed; it exhaled a warm breath that felt more like summer than the outside air. As I ushered her inside I looked up to the road where just through the trees I could see the faint outline of a Chevy Silverado parked on the side of the street.

I push the door as if to close it but leaving it slightly ajar. 

From the ceiling hang two ropes with padded cuffs. I take both and wrap them around Alyssa's wrists. She does not struggle or object. Taking hold of the rope I pull it as it travels over the rafters and begins to lift her hands until they are above her head and the ropes are secured to hooks on the wall. There is slack, but not much. 

I go to her. My lips dancing across hers as I move down to her chin and then her neck. She loves the pajamas that she is wearing, but I am too aroused to care. From my jeans I pull the pocket knife that I always keep on me and I press the back of the blade to her skin, she stutters a bit in shock, and I drag the blade down her body popping all the buttons until her top hangs open like curtains and her breast are free. With the knife put away I grope her breasts. Pulling them into my mouth and tugging on her nipple the way she likes. Squeezing them in my hands and kneading her soft flesh.

My hands are now on the inside of her pants bottom and I pull the fabric away from her as I remove her pants and panties from her. My mouth immediately goes to her pussy. I am not surprised that it is already wet with arousal. I kiss all around it, that crevice between her thigh and pelvis, around her lips, but never quite getting near her wet opening or clit. She is trying to push it toward me, to get me to lick her where she likes. I'm smiling as I deny her what she wants.

"Not yet," I say as I give her thigh a playful bite.

I pull off my shirt and touch my bare chest to hers as our tongues explore each other. Alyssa bites at my bottom lip while I unzip my pants and pull out my hard cock. I reach into my pocket and pull out a condom and unwrap it. For a second I pull away from her and roll the condom over my cock and then slide back against her. 

She instantly goes still.

"What's that?"

"Condom."

"No kidding. Why are you wearing one?"

"Because," I say as I slide my finger over her mouth and let it dip inside and go to the back of her throat, "I don't want to go too soon. I'm already on edge."

"Really?"

"Really."

She sucks my finger deeper, her tongue licking the underside as though my cock were in her mouth and not just a finger. She loves when I am on the edge it drives her insane, but she knows how I hate to cum too soon, even if she sucks me hard again.

"Okay."

There are more tricks up my sleeve. I have left a bag in the shed and now I remove its contents. From inside I first take out the candle that I set - with a box of matches - on the windowsill. I also take out a candy ball-gag and my iPod setting that as well on the windowsill. Lastly I take out the wireless headphones that I had specially ordered for this very occasion.

"I'll see you soon." I kiss her.

Before she can say anything I push the candy ball-gag into her mouth and secure it behind her head. The headphones I put over her ears and turn the iPod on to a playlist I have chosen just for this night, a mixture of music that she has always found arousing.

Now the world has gone away.

She has been separated from it. Her senses all gone but that of touch, and that too are limited.

I go to the windowsill. Take a single match from the box and strike it across striking surface. There is a bright explosion of light around my hand and I place the tip of the match to the wick on the candle. The window that is now being illuminated by the burning candle faces the driveway and the road. I feel like a spy in some thriller novel as the truck headlights blare on once and then twice. My signal has been sent and his received.

It would only be a matter of time now before one of my greatest fantasies was about to become a reality.

I turned to my wife and took off my pants so that I was completely naked. I walked up to her and began kissing her neck, collarbone, breasts and then working my way down her body until I was on my knees and stroking myself while I spread her legs and began to eat her soaking pussy. I could hear her moaning behind the ball gag in her mouth, which made me want her even more. I took one of her legs and swung it over my shoulder so I had better access to her pussy. I spread her lips with my fingers and pushed my tongue as deep as I could into her hole. One finger rubbed around the entrance of her pussy before I plunged it in and sucked her clit into my mouth. I could feel her first tremor of an orgasm beginning and I pulled away. She pushed her pussy at me but I let her leg fall to the ground as I stood up and licked her lips around the ball gag. 

My hand touched her waist, gripped her hips as I walked behind her and a shadow passed in front of the window. I was behind her. Her shirt, dangling in front of her, obstructing her breasts but still allowing a great view of her pussy. My hard cock was against her body. Pressed between the cheeks of her ass while one hand reached around and rubbed her clit and with the other hand I stroked her throat with my fingers.

Slowly the door opened.

I was so excited that I felt like I could cum right there pressed against her as Steven came into the light.

Using my foot I pushed her legs open so her pussy was more exposed. I dipped a finger inside and then spread her wet lips for him to see.

He came closer, until he was standing just in front of her and she was between the two of us. 

Alyssa was completely unaware.

"The headphones are a nice touch," he said to me in a hushed voice.

"I wanted to cover all my bases."

"Well done." he said, then "Move away."

I did as I was told. 

Moments lingered in the air. Then, his hand reached up and brushed her hair over her shoulder and he dragged the back of his hand across her chin, down her throat, over her collarbone and between her breasts until he reached the vortex of her thighs. Steven slid one finger between her lips and put it up to his lips tasting her.

"Mmmm," he said. He looked at me, "Go have a seat, I'll take it from here."

I went to the chair I had set up in the corner of the shed and sat down with a glass of wine and started to stroke myself. My cock was so hard and leaking so much pre-cum I had to be careful to go slow so I didn't cum right then. 

Steve was circling Alyssa like a lion. His hand always on her body, finding her bare skin under the shirt. When he gets behind her he touches her ass, squeezing each of her buttocks and pulling them open to reveal her soft, tight, little entrance. Steve licks a finger and rubs Alyssa's asshole. She moans as he circles her tightness and then gasps as he invades her just the slightest. He slaps her ass and circles back to the front.

I watch as Steve takes something out of his pocket. This is a surprise to me we hadn't discussed him bringing anything. I watch, excited and hesitant. It is a pair of nipple clamps. Steve opens Alyssa's shirt, holding each side in his hands he steps into her and his lips kiss her neck, careful not to let her feel his clothes, he ties her shirt behind her back so that her breasts are fully exposed to him. He pulls back and looks to me, his eyes asking if the clamps are ok. I nod that they are. He opens the clamps with his fingers and puts them over both of Alyssa's nipples at the same time and then he closes them.

She squirms and a deep moan of pain and pleasure escapes her. I watch as her body moves to adjust to the new sensations but there is very little she can do. Steve slaps one ass cheek and then the other. Alyssa is moaning like crazy and thrusting her pussy at Steve. He steps back as she almost touches him.

"She is a wild one," he says. 

Yes, she is.

Steve takes off all his clothes and stands before Alyssa with his raging hard cock. He takes a condom and rolls it on. Now there is no more reason for him to hide. He goes to her. Embracing her into his arms and puts his mouth all over her neck as he lifts one of her legs and presses his hard cock against her pussy lips while one hand clasps her ass. He pulls down on the chain attached to the nipple clamps and licks and sucks around her nipple. As soon as she relaxes he pulls on the chain again. 

Grabbing hold of his cock he begins to rub it up and down her slit. Alyssa is pushing against him trying to get it to go inside of her but he toys with her and pulls away, keeping the head just out of reach of her hole. Now she is whimpering and trying to talk behind the ball-gag. I can tell what she is saying even though her words are mean nothing. Alyssa is asking for it, begging for it. As if Steve can read my mind he pulls her leg by beneath her knee and wraps it around his waist and sinks his cock all the way into her pussy. 

Alyssa throws her head back and already her body is convulsing as her first orgasm washes over her. Steve pulls on the nipple clamp chain and she shakes even harder. He thrusts in and out of her sopping pussy and I watch her sweet cum soak his cock. Steve grabs her other leg and lifts her up so he is impaling her. Dropping her down on his cock. His hands are pulling at her ass cheeks, opening her wide while the tips of his fingers dance around her rear hole.

Unable to use his hands, Steve pulls the chain into his mouth and tugs on her nipples. He pulls on her nipples so they extend from her body. His fingers are playing in the wetness soaking around his balls; he uses that to lubricate two fingers and pushes them into her ass. He goes slow at first, letting her adjust to the invasion, but it doesn't take long until both fingers are all the way inside of her asshole and he is moving them inside of her. Alyssa cums again. Shuddering on the cock in her pussy and the fingers in her asshole.

I watch this scene as it unfolds in front of me and have to stop touching myself because I'm positive I will give in and cum.

When Steve pulls out of my wife she whimpers at the loss of pleasure. He pulls completely away from her and walks around her, not touching her at all and watching as she pushes her body around in search of the feeling that has left her void. Her body is still shaking slightly. The inside of her thighs glisten from her cum that runs down her legs. It is a beautiful sight.

Once again behind Alyssa, Steve plays with her ass. I have known since we first met and I showed him a picture of my wife that above all it was her ass that he desired the most. He dropped down to his knees and kissed her reddened cheeks. He massaged her ass in his hands and pried her open to exposure her button hole. Steve's tongue reached out and when he touched her with it her body began to tremor and she pushed her ass back into his face. I watched as he buried into my wife's ass and tongue fucked her on the floor of the shed. It wasn't long before her body began to shake again and she had came for the first time ever from having her ass licked. As she came down from that orgasm Steve returned to his feet and placed the head of his cock against her asshole.

Alyssa stood completely still. We had had anal before but not often. Steve placed around her waist and his body against hers. I watched as he began to slowly slide inside of my wife's ass. It didn't take as long as I thought it would. 

When he was all the way inside of her she began to move. Alyssa thrust herself back and forth against his cock. Fucking Steve as hard as she could like a woman possessed. She was screaming now behind the ball-gag and all he had to do was stand there as still as a statue as she did all the work.

Suddenly he grabbed her hips and I knew we were getting to the finale. Steve started bucking against her, meeting her thrusts with his own powerful ones and together the two fucked like demons. He grabbed and handful of her hair and pulled her head back, this seemed to only encourage her. His other hand had wrapped around and was circling her clit as his balls slapped against her wet pussy. Alyssa began to cum again, her body trembling all over as she shook wildly, her hands pulling at the restraints that held her.

Steve pulled out and pushed off the condom. He jerked his cock for only a second before he sprayed ropes of come all over her ass cheeks. He fell against her, his arms wrapping her tight as their bodies swayed and heaved in exhaustion. Steve's bare cock pressed between her ass cheeks. 

Somewhere during it all I had cum too and now I took off the condom and put it to the side. Steve came around and quickly put on his clothes and whispered 'thanks' to me as he snuck out the door of the shed.

I walked over to my wife and undid the ball-gag first so that I could kiss her as I removed the restraints.

"Oh my god," she said to me, her body still shaking slightly, as I let her down and swept her into my arms.