 When I talked to my girl Melinda on her lunch break, she casually mentioned that she was going shopping to find an outfit for tonight. She wanted everything to be perfect since the two of us hardly ever go out dancing. She has been really patient with me but I know it frustrates her. A few weeks ago we had this big talk and I think she was planning on calling it quits with me. That scared me and ever since then I have bent over backwards and kissed that juicy little ass of hers to make her stay. Relationships are about forgiveness and compromise right?? 

Well, I compromised and she forgave me. 

* * * * *

At the club, I quickly found Melinda. For a while I just stood there and stared at her. I had never seen her dressed like that before. She was wearing a black baby tee that had the word fabulous in rhinestones across her breasts. She also had on a black pleated mini skirt. It wasn't mini in the traditional sense, but considering Melinda's usual modest wardrobe this was mini because it was well above the knee...almost mid thigh. The skirt and shirt didn't quite meet in the middle so there was a hint of bare skin and belly button that showed every now and then when she moved in certain ways. 

But there was a problem, she was talking to another man. Melinda can be flirtatious. In fact my jealousy is one of the things we always fight about. Now, since 'the big talk' it bothers me but I don't bitch about it. (Part of my compromise.)

She giggled as he walked way.

"You guys seem friendly." I commented, unimpressed.

"Don't be jealous."

I gave her a smirk as I took a seat, "Who says I'm jealous?"

"You have a sour look on your face." Melinda kissed my cheek.

"You can hang out with him all you want. All that matters is that you're walking out of here on my arm." I let my eyes scan her again from head to toe. She looked sexy in her little skirt. It took all of my will power not to slide my hand up the back of her thighs and grab her ass. Or better yet, her puss. She was a handful ...I bet a mouthful too.

Melinda stood in front of my stool and sipped her drink. Little by little she eased between my legs pressing herself to my crotch. "Do you want some?"

Just what is she offering me here? And in public?? I thought for a minute about the connotations before I took a sip. "What is this, vodka and pineapple juice?"

"The bartender said that a gentleman bought if for me while I was out on the dance floor. But don't worry, I've been good. Your..."

"...good little girl." We said in unison.

My suspicions were confirmed. To make things worse she just disrespected me by offering what some guy sent over to seal the deal with her. I put the drink in the bar and slipped my arms around her waist. "What's with the skimpy outfit?"

"Do you like it Tommy?"

I read the text across her breasts again. "Yeah, you look fab...u...lous."

Melinda inched closer pressing herself into my lap and kissed me then pulled back with a smile. "When Yvette and I were at the mall this afternoon we saw this outfit. She bet me a hundred dollars that I would never wear it out in public but here I am. At first I was embarrassed but when we got here I saw that what the other women were wearing was ten times worse."

"Why did you accept that bet?"

"I feel like a different person in these clothes." She inched closer and spoke into my ear. "It's like playing dress up." She reasoned.

I could understand that. "As long as you won't be wearing this to dinner with my boss on Friday we will be ok."

"I promise I won't embarrass you in front of your employer. I want you to get that raise so we can get a place together." She giggled. "Besides, I'm going to burn this as soon as I get home."

"Now let's not do anything hasty." I joked, "You don't need to burn it. Let's just keep it at my place so we can pull it out on a rainy day." 

Melinda shook her head pretending to disapprove, "I'll be right back."

I ordered a beer while she was in the restroom. When she didn't hurry back I spun around and found her dancing in the crowd by herself. Melinda was having a great time without me. She was really feeling the music and moved gracefully to it. I liked the fact that she didn't dance like a stripper. Most of the women around her were dancing like they were on stage at some seedy club. Melinda was in the zone for about twenty minutes and every once in a while she would catch my gaze and smile. These were good times until some guy tapped her on the shoulder then whispered something in her ear. 

Was that the guy who bought her the drink earlier? 

I played it cool until it became obvious he was really interested in her. My drink stayed on the bar as I made my way across the room. I started moving to the music and danced up next to them. Melinda turned to face me and wrapped her arms around my neck without missing a beat. She ignored that guy like he didn't exist. He mumbled something as he walked away but I didn't care. In a heartbeat, Melinda's movements changed from graceful to sensual. Four songs later she was all over me dancing like the rent was due tonight and I was signing blank checks. When she started kissing me and moving against me to the music, I was ready to go. "It's late."

* * * * *

Outside, Melinda sat on the bench while we waited for my car. That's when I saw the slightest hint of her garter. I knew that she owned garter belts that she wore with her stockings for work but I had never seen her in them. Besides, all of her other skirts and dresses are longer and looser fitting. I reached out for her hand, "Let me keep you warm."

"Thank you." Her legs looked beautiful in those sheer black stockings and pumps as she strutted towards me like a runway model. 

Just the thought of her sexy panties was making my cock hard. I discretely readjusted myself so that she could feel what she was doing to me as I hugged her. This was a nice outfit by any man's standards. But as good as Melinda looked, I couldn't wait to get her out of it. I decided to try and get her in the mood as we stood huddled together. 

I whispered sweet nothings in her ear. Just simple things like how lucky I was to meet her, how much I appreciated her and how beautiful I thought she was. How she was my best girl.

My seduction tactics were interrupted when the valet pulled my car around. As we drove across town I kept glancing at her skirt which looked even shorter when she was sitting down. I decided to take advantage of our privacy and gave her upper thigh a little squeeze. By now my left knee was bouncing to take the edge off. Too bad she's not the type to give head in the car. At a red light my actions got bolder. I unhooked her right garter then started to caress her inner thighs. Melinda responded by clamping her legs around me. 

My hand was trapped in paradise.

"Did you find what you were looking for?" Her voice had that little lilt that drove me crazy. 

My foot hit the gas. 

* * * * *

In the house, I made my move, "Come here sexy." My hands crawled up the back of her skirt and cradled her ass. I started tonguing her belly button then nibbling all over her exposed tummy. When I lifted the front of her skirt, it sent her a few feet back. 

"Please don't."

Sigh.

For some reason, she was not ready for me to please her orally. She likes to be in control (something else we argue about) ...and she feels like oral sex is submissive. Even with my reassurances that I love eating pussy. 

"I love eating pussy." What else was there to say?? "Let me play in your pussy ...wet and warm and delicious. I want to taste you, Melinda."

"I'm sorry Tom...I didn't mean to kill the vibe." 

I stood up and took a step towards her, "What's with the look?"

Melinda lightly kissed me on the mouth then leaned her forehead against mine. "Someday..."

"...someday what?"

"...you will partake in the puss." She said with a giggle, lifting her arms above her head. 

I took my queue and lifted her shirt off then marveled at the apple green push up bra from Victoria's Secret that I had bought. The color looked nice against her brown skin.

She leaned against my chest and spoke softly into my ear. "Help me take my bra off..."

I did just that. Melinda snuggled close as I unhooked the clasp then pealed it off. She waited patiently as I got my fill of kissing her neck and shoulders before she pulled away. Melinda turned her back to me then bent over to unbuckle the ankle straps on her shoes. She knew that I had a good view of her fancy panties since her skirt was so short. 

"Leave them on." I instructed, feeling extra kinky.

She stopped what she was doing and looked over at me.

"Leave the heels on for me." I repeated, as I sat in the chair once again.

Melinda turned to face me again as she unzipped her skirt and stepped out of it. Now she was only left with her stockings, garter belt, panties and heels. I don't think I have ever been harder then I was at that moment, looking at her. She was beautiful, but realized that with her beauty came power. I was her little puppy on a leash. Wagging my tail and panting for a treat.

I stretched out a hand, inviting her back, "Sit on my lap." When she straddled me, she felt the bulge in my lap. I placed her hands on my belt buckle then let go. "Will you start with your hands this time?"

I stared into her face as she released my cock from my pants. Her left hand firmly held my shaft while she played between her legs gathering a bit of wetness. With the tips of her shiny fingers, she began 'the swirl'. Ever so lightly circling the tip of my cock. It was a torturous tease ...like water torture. Slow and deliberate. Her finger tip went around and around hypnotizing my cock. I actually held my breath when she paused to gather more lube from her puss. Again with the delicious circles. Determined not to cum yet, my mind traveled great distances. Since I wanted Melissa to cum at least once before I did, I tred to think of non sexual things. But her skills were causing my body betray me. 

"Open your eyes Tom."

I heard her but I couldn't. Afraid of what I might see. No woman had ever controlled my body the way Melinda could. It was supernatural ...she was the goddess. 

She made her request again, "I want you to look at me."

My eyes flew open and were instantly pierced by hers. I drowned in them. Sank deeper and deeper as her fingers went round and round, swirling, inching me towards an orgasm. I was rocking back and forth as she picked up speed. My cock was leaking and she used that fluid with her own. 

I was close to the edge and she knew it. Melinda stood up and took off her panties then quickly straddled me again. She stood before me, pussy in my face and let me inhale her earthy scent. I was like a caged animal. Wanting to taste her but knowing I couldn't. Wanting to fuck her but waiting to see what else she had in store. My cock was painfully hard ...twitching for her. Missing those swirling finger that had brought so much pleasure. 

Melinda squatted. Her opening was hovering about an inch above my erection and I could feel the moist heat. Slowly she lowered herself on to me. And just as slowly she raised herself up letting me slip free, only giving this hungry boy an appetizer. Again she slowly let my cock impale her and then slowly stood up. This time as my cock was released she moaned like the pleasure was killing her. A yummy sound from deep inside. 

Now we were still. All was still in the room. Melinda squatted down and allowed my erection to fill her one last time, tight like a glove. "Do you love me Tommy?"

"Yes." I had never said that to her before. Where did that come from?? My addled brain.

"Then let me fuck you." She whispered. "Just sit still and let me fuck you until I cum."

I nodded frantically like some silly cartoon character.

Melinda squeezed her muscles and rocked front to back, rubbing her clit against me. She knew just what I liked and didn't do it rough. She had complete control of the situation and used me for her pleasure. We were leaning at an angle with her breasts smooshed against my chest. With every movement she made, their softness caressed me. I tried to listen to her body and take my queues from it. I know she had asked me to be passive but she felt so good that I wasn't content being her dildo. My hips began to move. I met each thrust of hers, feeling her clit along my length. Pushing deep up into her until wicked sounds filled the room. Moans on top of moans. It wasn't long before her muscles contracted and massaged my cock as she came all over my lap. 

Melinda smiled a little, all innocent like what ever had possessed her had been expelled with her orgasm. Supernatural.

My cock was still hard because I hadn't cum. And so my water torture began again. This time I was slick with her juices so her fingertip slid easily round and round. Melinda kissed me as her fingers worked their magic. Wet and open ...we were slick with sweat. Soft breasts still pressed to my chest, sliding as we kissed. Kissing as we slid. Melinda's delicate little fingers working masterfully... purposefully. Controlling my body just as she controlled her own.

I felt my stream shooting and pulled away from her lips. My cum streaked our stomachs and her breasts. 

Drops of cream on her chocolate skin. Melinda gathered her breasts before me and licked off my residue. She gently trailed her tongue around and swallowed my seed, all the while gazing into my face. 

"Do you love me Tommy?"

"Yes."

I don't deserve her, my fabulous little Melinda.