 A beautiful girl sitting in a swing moving to and fro and staring at you while you are sitting in front of her can have a very disconcerting effect on you. Each time she swings closer to you the anticipation raises and each time she swings away from you are waiting for her to come back.

Now this was what my sister–in-law was doing exactly. She was swinging in the swing, which was in the center of the living room, and I was sitting in the sofa with a pretension of reading a novel, on a lazy summer afternoon. She would gaze downwards once in a while and her cherry like lips would curl in a smile apparently at my discomfiture. 

She was a real tease.

Not that I was some one who would run after every specimen of the female species I came across. But everything about her was very tantalizing. The way she walked; very erect and proud. The way her breasts jutted out and jiggled on every movement of hers. The way her hips swayed to and fro gently on each step. The way she would smile with her cherry red lips very invitingly. The way her eyes always held a deep unfathomable piercing look when she looked at me. What was I to do? Take up the gauntlet or run away. Though I was not of a variety to seek trouble, at the same time I was also not one to look away when adventure and excitement reared its head. I decided to take the plunge.

This was a few months back I was engaged to girl from Mumbai, the regular conventional middle class girl - Ambassador car type - Functional, nondescript body with no flashes about it. After all this was marriage and I was not looking for a movie star and so I accepted to marry her, besides I always knew that for a guy like me so handsome and compelling in looks fun from marriage was like snack between meals. The feast would always come from somewhere outside. 

My family and me left for Mumbai for the engagement. I met her at the gate of the house as I came out of the car. She took the luggage from me and flashed a smile at me that struck me like lightning and introduced her to me with a shake hand. ‘Hi I am Rita, Priya’s sister.' I said ‘hi’ and walked in unable to take my sight off her swaying shapely hips. I knew Adventure has reared its head. Now why look the other way?

Once inside Priya came and handed over cups of coffee to all of us. What a contradiction. Both her sister and my would-be-wife were born to the same parents. One was like Ambassador car the other a luxury sedan. I suddenly envied the guy who would marry her and possess her beautiful body but not before I got a taste of it.

The engagement was slated at 11.30 am and I got ready – Shave, bath, a splash of cologne deodorant, a two piece suit and there was me, vastly different and looking handsome from the bedraggled guy looking rumpled after a early morning flight from my city.


I came into the living room and sat on the sofa. Rita came in and gave me an appraising look and said 

‘I feel jealous’ and smiled warmly at me.

I said ‘Why.'

‘Priya is a lucky girl to get a guy like you.’

I smiled beamingly in knowledge that I have crossed the first step towards my goal.

Soon the ceremony started and at a stage some lady was to anoint my forehead with ‘tilak’ and my sweet sister-in-law took lead in doing it, all very naturally. Her hand on my fore head made my heart skip a beat and I swallowed a lump in my throat. She was in the same state and her hand trembled as she applied the ‘tilak.’ She was dressed in figure hugging dress, which was cut at the neck a little low, and as she bent in front of me I could have a good look at her beautiful milky white bosom. Then she straightened smiling smugly in full knowledge of what I have seen.

If it was body chemistry at its height this was it. None of us spoke much to each other since our arrival and still a lot of sexual communication took place between us.

Lunchtime – I sat in a row with others with my fiancé on one side and Rita was serving that row. She came up to me and said. 

‘I hope the feast is good.’

‘I said it was wonderful.’

Both of us knew in our minds what we are talking about.

My fiancé said ‘yes the dinner is very good.’ 

Rita smiled mischievously at me at the innocence of her sister.

I was to stay in Mumbai for three days after that day and get acclimatized to my fiancé’s family and my parents were to leave to our home city that evening. Rita offered to drop my parents at the airport and we left to the airport.

After dropping my parents at the airport, we started back. Rita offered to take me to a restaurant, which sold a special ‘Chat.’ I said 'fine.' 

We sat in the restaurant facing each other. Rita ordered the ‘Chat’ and we waited to be served. She was wearing blue-faded jeans with a white tea shirt on top. She wore what seemed a flimsy lacy bra. As my eyes drank on the feast in front of me, Rita’s cheek grew rosy first and then crimson later. Her nipples peaked out and strained against her T-shirt. She avoided my eyes and looked around the restaurant. 

The waiter came with the plates of Chat and broke our tension.

As we were eating I felt a leg on my foot. I knew it was whose. She gently let it stay there for a few minutes, with me all the while pretending as if nothing happened.

Now that I got the right signal the beast in me was waiting to be unleashed. 

We drove home in complete awkward silence not knowing what to speak to each other.

On reaching home all of us me, my fiancé her parents and Rita chatted, laughed at my jokes and later had dinner.

I had only two days left and had to do something urgently if was not to let go this chance.

The next day Rita had to go to the university to attend her classes she casually informed me that she would come by 3 O’ clock. 

So I was left to spend the better part of the day with my fiancé. I offered to take her to shopping and felt bored all along but took care to not to show it and feigned enthusiasm while she shopped.

I came back home with anticipation. Rita was sitting in the swing wearing jeans and a loose T-shirt. Swinging her legs in an abandon manner. I slumped in the sofa in front of her, downcast more with inability to do anything rather than being tired with the boring shopping. My Mother-in-law was enjoying her afternoon nap and my father-in-law was out on business. 

Suddenly the phone rang my fiancé came and answered it. She spoke into the phone 

‘Ok I will be there in ten minutes.’

There was a call from her computer Institute. The study material she wanted had arrived and she had to go and pick it up before it was distributed among other students.

Now Rita was swinging joyously and smiling at me once in while in a teasing manner. I was feeling very disturbed each time she swung towards me. I was feeling she would jump into my lap any moment. All of a sudden she stopped and said.

‘What does it mean if you see snakes in your dream’

I said ‘That is an indication that you are tormented with sexual thoughts.’

She didn’t expect such a brazen reply from me and was taken aback, smiled shyly and squirmed uncomfortably. I smiled inwardly.

After some time she said 

‘You know I have a funny mark on the upper part of my right hip.’

‘What is it’? I said.

She said ‘It looks like a coiled snake.’

I said ‘funny to have birthmark like that.’

She said ‘come over and have a look.’ 

I went over and she lifted her T-shirt a little and pushed her jeans a little lower and showed me the mark. True, it was like a coiled snake. I put my finger on it and rubbed it a little. Rita took a deep breath. After that I sat besides her looking at her closely. I put a finger on her nose and slowly moved it down on to her lips. Rita closed her eyes.

Her mother moved in the other room and said

‘Rita get me a glass of water.’

We woke up from our reverie with a sigh. 

That night at the dinner I was not able to eat much, so was Rita with the excitement churning our stomachs.

The dogs in our neighborhood were barking very badly.

Rita commented 

‘Mrs. Karan says this is mating season for dogs and poor things they don’t eat much and neither sleep much now.’

I smiled knowing what she was referring to.

I had not slept the whole night excited with a rush of thoughts. I could hear Rita tossing in the bed in her room. I was desperate to do something but her mother too was sleeping with her in that room. The day dawned. I was to go back the next day morning it was now or never situation for me.

My in laws were to attend a wedding of a close relative that night they tagged me along to introduce me to all the invitees at the marriage. Dinner was over by 9.30 pm and marriage was at 12.30 am. At 10.30 pm. Suddenly an idea flashed in my mind. I went up to my father-in-law and said. ‘I will go home and get some sleep,' you know I have to get up early to take a early morning flight.’ He said ‘ok ok,' Rita is having the keys to the house and also the car keys you can take the car and go home.’ 

I went up to Rita and told her I was going home and took the keys from her. She narrowed her eyes and looked at me and then smiled.

Part one of the plan a success.

I went home changed into a pajama and slumped on the bed. Sleep would not come. ‘Would my plan work or not.’ I was thinking and tossing for one and half hours and was losing hope fast. 

Suddenly the bell rang. I jumped up in excitement and my heart beat fast. I opened the door to find Rita standing in front of me, she barely looked at me and walked past me announcing that she had a bad headache and wanted to sleep.

I went into my room and flopped on the bed, my head whirring with excitement.

I heard Rita bolt the door from inside, perhaps to change her dress. I was waiting to hear for the bolt to be withdrawn, but could not even after half an hour. I was a little depressed. 

Slowly I got up from my bed and tip toed to Rita’s bedroom and stood in front of the door. I took a deep breath and slowly nudged the door. It opened. My heart skipped a beat. I went in.

Rita was lying on the bed with eyes closed. I went closer and lowered my head to observe her closely. Her eyelids were batting and her pupils moving. I knew she was not asleep. She felt my breath and slowly opened her eyes and looked at me earnestly first at my face, then my bare chest and then my crotch. I couldn’t conceal my rigid member.

She moved to one side and gave me space. I slowly eased on to her side. With my right index finger I twirled her locks. Then I caressed her forehead, she shivered with my touch. I slowly kissed her closed eyes and she took a deep breath. I put a finger on her nose and slowly moved it down to her lips and rested them there. She slowly parted her lips and I put my finger inside and felt the inside contours of her lips.

My finger slowly traveled to her neck drawing slow long lines from her neck to the top of her bosom. She was breathing heavily with anticipation. I was controlling my passion. 

I moved my finger slowly on to her right bosom and then slowly trailed it on to her already peaked nipple. She gasped. All of a sudden she got up and hugged me very tightly. She was unable to control the emotion building up inside her. She was sobbing and my shoulder became wet with her tears. I let her empty her emotions all the while caressing her back. She slowly calmed.

She said ‘This emotion was building up inside me since the day I saw you.’

Having sobbed enough she was relieved now and smiled at me. I kissed on her lips and pushed my tongue inside her mouth. She tasted like strawberries. I slowly undid a button of her nightdress and then the second. She took a deep breath. Then I undid all the buttons. I cupped her left breast it was warm and I moved close to her. She sighed heavily. Then I cupped the right breast, immediately her nipple peaked. I moved a finger in a circular motion on the areola it was soft and supple under my touch. I took her nipple in my mouth and she moaned.

She pressed my head to her bosom tightly mashing my face to them. She was rubbing and twisting her legs all the while. 

I pulled off her nightdress over her head. She had a beautifully sculpted body. It looked like it had been sculpted from white marble.The moonlight streaming in from the window shone on her body. I kissed gently on her depressed navel and she sighed loudly and pushed up her midriff towards my mouth. I placed my palm on her pubic bone and closed my fingers on her vulva. Her panties were soaked wet. She was breathing very heavily and my breath was jagged. 

Slowly I peeled off her panties. She was a great artist. She shaved off her pussy leaving a small triangular set of tendrils over her pubic area. I moved my finger over them. Slowly I felt the contours of her wet vaginal lips. Parting them slowly with my fingers. She was grinding her hips into the bed.

I pushed in my middle finger deep into her curved it and slowly touched her G spot she took a sharp intake of her breath and fell back on the bed. Then my finger circled in the insides of her pussy. She was now trashing on bed. I kissed her wet pussy lips and she thrust her pussy into my mouth more. She was uncontrollable now.

I raised and pulled off my pajamas. She opened her eyes and looked at my rigid staff for some time, probably it was her first time she looked a fully rigid male cock and was fascinated by the look of it. She took it in her hands and gave it hard kiss. I pulled out a condom pack. She said ‘No need for that’ my menstrual cycle starts the day after. I was overjoyed.

I pushed her back gently on the bed and got in between her legs raised her knees and spread her legs. She hid her face in her hands. I gather some of her juices and smeared it on my rigid staff. My passion had peaked I wanted to push all the way into her in one forceful push, hymen or no hymen. I gave a very powerful push tearing all the way past her hymen and buried my self to the hilt. Her eyes popped and opened wide, she screamed. 

She rose and hugged me tightly sinking her fingernails into my shoulder. I slowly eased her back and started rocking in and out of her she was now moaning. In between I tweaked her clit with my finger and she moaned loudly. Slowly the momentum built up I was thrusting faster, faster, faster and all of a sudden the world stood still my legs buckled and my whole frame shook. She was convulsing and coming in waves he cunt muscles squeezing my cock. Slowly she subsided her breathing calmed, so did mine. We sank into a stupor like sleep. We woke up after about an hour. 

We lay in each other’s hands kissing and caressing. Deep in my mind I cursed myself for thinking she was a slut. This lovely girl had been a virgin.

The next day morning I took a flight home with both my fiancé and Rita giving me a sendoff. Five years later this nineteen-year-old nubile girl is now a mature woman of 24 years and still secretly in love with me.