 There, in a rented room with a king-size bed and a dimly lit lampshade, one can see a silhouette of two bodies - a chubby, curvaceous woman on all fours, her face bent down on the soft mattress to suppress a loud wail of ecstasy as she is savagely rammed from behind by a tall, muscular man. Echoes of their moaning pervade in the room, in which the coolness of it is no match from the heat emanating from their bodies. The sweet-sour smell of their sweat increases both their libido making them fuck with all abandon. 

A few moments later and a loud wail echoed in the room as the man twitched and wiggled his body while he embraces the woman from behind, trying not to get outbalanced. His cock, already spent, squirmed its way out of the woman's cum-drenched pussy. He lay down beside her, both of them smiling, their sweat oozing from their bodies, tired but well spent. 

A few minutes of silence later ensued. Until they heard someone clap from the darkened corner of the room. 

*****

Landau and his wife Tasha have been married for more than two decades now. In fact, they will be celebrating their Silver anniversary next month. 

Both are career people; Landau, 55, works as a consultant in an accounting firm while his wife is an executive in a bank. Three of their children have their own families to raise while the youngest who also now works professionally went off his way and lives in a condo now so basically our house now is an empty nest. 

The couple still love each other very much but, although they don't openly admit to each other, that maybe due to their advancing age, their sex life has not that been passionate nor intense after all these years. They try to be intimate with each other as often as we could but everytime they do, it feels mechanical -- as if they already know what to expect, what to do next. The thrill is gone, but they want to regain that rush, the excitement that made Landau and his Tasha love each other through the years. 

One day during Landau's coffe break he remembered a friend narrating an incident about his wife whom he caught surfing a website for swinging couples. He didn't remember the details much but when he asked for it, his friend just smiled so he got curious. He opened his laptop, typed some keyword, and voila! The net suggested a thousand sites. He saw one particular site with a chat area open so he tried one. There he met Dax, 40, with his wife Milney, 35; both gym/dance instructors and businesspeople.

The couple was both warm and accommodating during Landau's conversation with them. They are in the "getting to know you" stage during the first few days at from what Landau gather, the couple live and work in Bulacan; they have no children and they don't plan to have any in the future; they have an "open marriage", and they practice this lifestyle very discreetly and to a very very few people whom they can trust. 

A few weeks passed and the new acquaintances continued with their series of "meetings" until the couple requested that they see Tasha in the webcam on one of their conversations. Landau believes after that meet and greet, the swinging couple likes them because after a few days Dax and they began sending email photos of them. At first there were the harmless pose of Dax and Milney, as a pair, then some candid shots of them individually until the poses became more daring, their clothes becoming skimpier and skimpier. The culmination of which was the pictures of the two having sex and posing in various positions, with a note written below the picture: 

"Let's meet. XOXO."

Seeing the daring sex pictures, Tasha got horny that night she had a very rough sex with Landau. After that bout, the two begin to plan their meeting with the gym couple. 

Manila. Saturday, 5:00 P.M. Landau and Tasha go to an undisclosed hotel as they eagerly wait for their partners. Both wear summer outfits: Landau in a polo shirt and cargo shorts while Tasha in her white shirt and tight fit jeans shorts. Although Landau's dress makes him ordinary looking, the same cannot be said to Tasha's as young men tends to turn their heads and cannot help but to express some subtle gesture of their admiration which made Landau both feel jealous and proud at the same time. A few minutes later Dax and Milney arrived, wearing their gym outfits. 

"Sorry we're late. Had to finish our aerobics session at the plaza, hence the getups? How're you?" Dax extended his hand to shake Landau's. 

"Not a problem. You've met Tasha on cam? So this Milney...gorgeous!" said Landau as they exchanged handshakes and kisses for the men and women, respectively.

The couples immediately book two rooms adjacent to each other since it is hotel policy not to allow more than two people to occupy a room unless they're a family. But before they retire for the night they have dinner at the hotel to make themselves feel comfortable to each even more. 

Landau and Tasha cannot contain their excitement as they wait for the other couple to enter their room because it is their agreement prior to the meeting. Watching an adult film, Landau waits for his spouse to come out of the shower room. To calm his nerves, he pours a glass of brandy and took a swig. Later Tasha came out of the shower room and started to wear her oversized t-shirt. She didn't wear the panty they brought from the department store before they arrived at the hotel. 

"Why bother?" Tasha remarked, followed by a licking of her lips while smiling naughtily when Landau asked her why she didn't wear any. 

It took an hour for Landau to hear a knock from the door as he welcomed the couple. Dax entered, wearing a shirt and boxer shorts followed by Milney wearing a see through night dress with her red skimpy panties barely covering her pussy. 

Sharing the brandy that Landau opened, the couples continued their conversation. Landau noticed that Dax casually sat beside Tasha in bed while Milney quietly goes to the couch and sits beside Landau who can barely keep up with their talk as he was so entranced watching Dax caressing Tasha's right leg, slowly crawling up to her thighs until his wife began to grind her hips as she is being fucked by an actual cock. Tasha then began French kissing Dax as they continue fondling each other's bodies while Milney snuggled closely to Landau and unzipped his shorts to pull his semi hard-cock which Milney now slowly masturbates. She also began to suck his left nipple at the same time. To return Milney's advances, Landau begins groping under Milney's panty and caresses her juicy slit. 

"Fuck, I have fantasized your cock since I saw you sending those pictures in the email. Now I can enjoy this..." Tasha said. 

She breathes heavily, pushing Dax to the bed. She straddles him and starts licking Dax's cockhead, swallowing it slowly until she reaches the base of his cock. She begins sucking on it wildly like a piston especially when Dax reaches for her pussy and starts inserting his two fingers in her which made Tasha grind her hips more until she released her first orgasm. After doing a 69 for almost ten minutes, Dax straddled himself on Tasha and after rubbing his steel cock he penetrates her slowly. 

"Slowly...your cock is big...huff...uhhh...I don't think that would fit in..." 

But with Dax's masterful attention of pinching her nipples, the licking of her ears down to her neck, and the constant sucking of her tongue made Tasha welcome Dax's cock, reaching the innermost parts of her pussy, making her cum again. Dax thrusts his hips slowly at first until Tasha make a writhes in ecstasy, her face showing both pleasure and pain from the young man's member sliding in and out of her pussy. Landau sits there like a statue as he helplessly watch his wife being fucked savagely by a virile young stud, his muscles glistens in the dimness of the room because of his sweat oozing from his body. 

"I can't believe Tasha is actually creaming from Dax's fucking..."

"That means your wife is in ecstasy from the continuous orgasms she is experiencing right now. You should be proud," Milney replied as she rubs Landau's steel cock even more. 

Being a gym instructor, Dax's stamina is incredible. Landau can't imagine himself even if he is in Dax's age as the young man greedily pounds his 9 incher. Landau did a thing or two to Tasha like missionary and doggie but Dax can do even more as he spoons her, fucks her standing up, fucks her as she lays on her belly, among other things. His being a spectator is momentarily halted when Milney stands up with her back towards Landau, her round butt almost in his face. 

"I want to have a go on this..." Milney said as she slowly sits on his lap, guiding his steel cock into her awaiting moist slit. 

Milney gave a long but muffled moan as she sits on Landau's cock. Landau on the other hand cannot believe he is fucking a woman other than his wife for the first time in his life since he and Tasha were highschool sweethearts. During their engagement up to their marriage, Landau has never looked at other women lustfully until now. He is just not sure about Tasha. And he didn't realize that until now. 

Looking for something to hold on to, Landau cups his hands behind Milney's armpits And begins to massage her round firm tits. Just like Dax, Landau made sure that Milney's nipples are hard and protruding. 

"Unghhh...yeah fuck me..." Milney said as she grinds her hips lustily on Landau's groin. 

"I-I'm going to cum..." said Landau, barely holding on to his impending ejaculation. 

As Landau releases his jizz, Milney suddenly manages to stand up and grab hold on his spurting cock and covered it with her mouth, greedily sucking every ooze spitting in her throat. Making sure that Landau has spurted all his cum inside her mouth, she greedily sucks the remaining goo inside her mouth and around Landau's now semi hard shaft. Milney then stands up and kisses Landau torridly as he smells and tastes Milney's cum-covered mouth. 

With their bodies well-spent from the sex bout, the two sits back at the couch to watch the hot scene between Dax and Tasha as Dax now kneeled behind her and begins to thrust his monster cock to Tasha, opening her mouth widely because she is having a hard time accepting Dax's cock into her pussy. 

In that rented room with a king-size bed and a dimly lit lampshade, a silhouette of two bodies - Tasha , a chubby, curvaceous woman on all fours, her face bent down on the soft mattress to suppress a loud wail of ecstasy as she is savagely rammed from behind by Dax, a tall, muscular man. Echoes of their moaning pervade in the room, the coolness of it is no match from the heat emanating from their bodies. The sweet-sour smell of their sweat increases both their libido making them fuck with all abandon. 

A few moments later and a loud wail echoed in the room as Dax twitched and wiggled his body while he embraces Tasha from behind, trying not to get outbalanced. His cock, already spent, squirmed its way out Tasha's cum-drenched pussy. Dax lays down beside her, both of them smiling, their sweat oozing from their bodies, tired but well spent. 

A few minutes of silence later ensued. Until they heard someone clap from the darkened corner of the room. 

"Bravo! Incredible show! That was great, man..." said Landau as he and Milney applauded the two for their performance. 

The couples relaxed for the next hour, conversing, having a small talk while Landau provides the wine. A few minutes later he opens the drawer and took a pair of rolled weeds to calm themselves and to earn their relaxation; after all, all work and no play makes Landau crazy. 

The couple resumed their sessions, this time they return to their original partners but as it continues, the two women ended up being swapped again to Dax and Landau which made them harder to cum this time but eventually after a few minutes Daz is cumming on Tasha's face while Landau rams Milney from behind and releases his warm cum inside her pussy. 

As the men continued their conversation while relaxing, Tasha excused herself to take a shower in the bathroom. Later Milney followed her as she brings her robe and towel. 

Landau is surprised later why Tasha was taking so long in the shower room so excused himself to Dax, saying that he has to pee. 

Before Landau could open the curtain, begins to hear moans inside the shower room so he carefully went to the curtain to check what's happening. Landau cannot believe at first but later he regains composure and continues to peep in the shower room. 

There is Tasha standing, her back on the wall, while Milney kneels under and between her two legs, greedily lapping and sucking his wife's raw and wet vagina. Milney tongues her way inside Tasha's pussy while the shower continues to pour on them. Landau has never seen an erotic and sexual sight like this so he begins to rub his

rock hard member. It seems that Tasha has orgasmed once too many that is why she is asking Milney to stop sucking on her pussy but Milney just goes on with her erotic manipulations on Tasha until she gives her last orgasm and sits down as her knees begins to give way, too weak to move at the moment due to the extreme ecstasy she has just experienced. 

"I didn't realize Milney is a bisexual...and a hot one too..." said Landau to himself. 

Landau then carefully walks back to the living room as Dax watches a movie on the tv. 

"What took you so long...?"

"Uh, I had a diversion."

Smiling wickedly, Dax gave a thumbs up. 

"So how did it go with Milney and Tasha?"

"Not bad, I guess. I am just surprised that your wife is a bi. You didn't share that during our getting to know you."

"Some things are better left unsaid, man. It's better for you to discover. To surprise you. That's why this lifestyle is hot, don't you think?"

I just raise my glass and give him a toast for my affirmation. 

The two came back a few minutes later, both smiling and seems content. At that point we agree that this will be a permanent thing for us as Dax takes Tasha by her arms to go the shower room as I lay in bed with Milney who now begins to caress my growing member again. 

It is going to be a long, but enjoyable night for us.