 So, as you read in my other story, I have been having an affair with my married neighbor. It has been going wonderfully, but I find myself wanting to be with him all the time. The sex is just incredible and he is a terrific lover afterwards. Although he is younger than me by eight years, I sometimes I ask myself why I could not have met him before my ex-husband and he, his current wife.

Regrettably, I am also becoming one of his wife's (her name is Jan) closest friends, as well, so it is really strange for me to listen to her talk about their marriage. However it has been a great source of new information on ways to further please her husband in ways that she won't or can't. Jan calls me all the time to meet her for coffee and has even invited me over for dinner with her and her husband (my lover). She asks me for advice about keeping him happy with her, but sometimes she complains about their relationship as well. There are time that I am so sick of her whining that I just want to come out and tell her that I am fucking him and get it over with. Other times I give her advice that I know will not work.

The first time I went over for dinner, it was difficult keeping my composure as I just wanted to grab her husband and start fucking him right at the door. We both had a very hard time with that first dinner, although she did not pick up on any of the tension. He, being the mischievous bastard he is, actually groped me several times throughout the night and made my pussy wetter with each touch. Fortunately for me, he made an excuse of having to go for a workout before I left. Jan and I talked for another twenty minutes before I made an excuse and departed their home as well.

Her husband was waiting for me at my house by the time I arrived home that night. He gave the pounding that my pussy so desperately needed after all that teasing from him at dinner. After an hour of intense fucking, he told me the good news that Jan was going out of town for work the following week and would be gone for three days.

This was really good news, as Jan had already told me about the trip because she wanted me to keep tabs on her husband while she was away and to make sure he did not have any overnight female visitors or him not going home at night. Since he told me about it, he must have wanted to spend the time with me as well, instead of his co-worker as Jan suspected. We also made plans for us to see each other the entire time while Jan was going to be away. 

So the day Jan's trip came after what seemed like a really long weekend. I left from work after lunch to go home to wait for him as he returned from dropping her off at the airport. When he finally showed up at my door, we kissed passionately in my house. Then I asked him if it would be alright to go over to their house as this would be even more exciting. He said "sure" and went home first. I walked over shortly after as not to arouse the suspicions of other neighbors.

When I arrived inside, I did what I had been thinking about doing for a long time. I just got on my knees and proceeded to suck on his already erect cock in their home. He then picked me up and carried me into their master bedroom and proceeded to eat my pussy out on the bed he shares with his wife. We ended up fucking for three hours in their bed. The fact that I was dripping on her sheets with her husband's cum mixed with my own juices made the sex so much hotter and I felt so dirty (in a good way) about it. I felt like I was replacing a woman who was younger and prettier than me by twelve years in her own home and was very proud of myself for that.

Afterward, I got up naked and wandered around just trying to get a feel for Jan's perfect little life with her husband. I looked in her massively stocked closet and found some brand new lingerie that had never been worn. Some of the tags were even still on them. I asked my lover what the deal was with all this beautiful and sexy lingerie with the tags still on. He told me that he used to buy them for Jan in the hope that she would wear them for him, but she said they made her feel cheap and slutty so she never even put them on for him. I personally love lingerie and told him that if he ever wanted to buy some for me that I would love to wear lingerie for him anytime he wanted. I then asked him if it would be alright for me to try some of them and he said "of course! Please do!" He said Jan wouldn't even know about her lingerie as she never even attempted to wear them for him. 

After a thorough inspection of her stock, I ended up settling on a seductive and sexy black fishnet body-stocking, as it was the sluttiest looking item in her selection. My pussy was instantly wet again as I started pulling it on my body. It fit me like a glove from top to bottom. When I walked out fully adorned with a pair of Jan's highest heeled sandals and all, my lover just sat there and stared at me mouth wide open. All of a sudden as I got close enough, he pulled me over to him to show me how much he liked me wearing it. It was open crotch so he did not have any problem seeing my already swollen pussy lips and the juices dripping from them. He reached up and nearly brought me to another orgasm right there when he stuck two fingers inside my pussy. He pulled me in for a long, nasty tongue kiss, while continuing to play with my pussy with one hand and stroking my nipples through the fishnet fabric with the other hand.

As he was bringing me closer to my orgasm, I began to feel very strange and intense sensation in my pussy. When I climaxed and I started squirting all over him and the bed. It was the most intense orgasm that I ever had in my life. My pussy and body had never felt so fucking good. Afterward, I was crying and actually a little scared as my pussy had never done anything like that before in my life, but it felt so good. 

At this point, seeing what he had just done to me, he was rock hard. My pussy however was completely spent. I wanted to please him as well so I started sucking on his erect cock. I told him that I didn't think my pussy could handle it at the moment. He then asked me if it was alright for him to fuck me in the ass as Jan doesn't go for that either. I had only done this with my ex-husband twice before and those were against my wishes. I desperately wanted to please him and keep him happy with me. I thought I would give it another chance, as this would please him more with me over his wife as well. I nodded as I was still sucking on his cock. He instantly lifted me up off the ground and grabbed my still wet pussy and got a palm full of my juices and rubbed it on his cock and the entrance to my asshole. He was very gentle at first and made sure that I was comfortable. As he saw that I was getting into it, he started thrusting harder and faster as well. I have to say that it was great for me as well. I actually orgasm-ed again from this as well.

We ended up falling asleep right there in her bed afterward until her phone call which woke us both up. She was talking away with him about some mundane things about her trip, so I crawled over still wearing her body-stocking and shoes and started sucking him again to just to make him understand he was mine for the next three days. 

We ended up staying at their house for the entire three days while she was away. I even kept the body-stocking as a souvenir since she won't even notice that it is gone. It was such a good three days that I wish she would go on trips more often. One of these days she will come home to find that I have taken over her house and life completely!