 The music was slow and dreamy, 'Stardust' I think. The woman in my arms was soft and her body was molded to mine. The delicate aroma of her exotic French perfume had me miles away, in a land full of soft, sweet smelling women. We were slowly swaying back and forth, our feet scarcely moving. I was holding her tight against my chest, my mind wandering among the halls of erotica, dreaming about pleasures of the flesh.

Her voice was almost a whisper in my ear. "Kent, you've got a hard on!"

She was right! It was hard as a hoe handle and I could feel her hand fondling it through the fabric of my uniform.

"Stop that, someone will see you!"

"Nonsense, no one is interested in what we're doing, besides, it's so dark in here we could have sex and no one would notice."

I moved her hand back up to my shoulder before I said, "As a ship's officer, I'm supposed to mingle and be nice to the passengers, but not get intimate with them. Do you want me to lose my job?"

"You're an old fuddy-duddy and I'm horny."

"Well, you are going to have to find someone or something else to take care of it. I've got to go make rounds before I get off duty at ten." It was true, as ships meteorologist and part-time security officer, one of my duties was to make sure that everything was secure for the evening. I left her sulking in the lounge, made my rounds and returned to my cabin just after 2200. I wondered if Amy had found someone or something to take care of her needs.

On board a luxury liner, the passenger's staterooms are large and posh. On the other hand, the crew’s quarters are compact and cramped. Because I was an officer, I had a private cabin and bath, but it was very small, a little over three meters deep by two meters wide. [10 feet by 6 1/3 feet] The entrance door hit the hanging locker on the left when you opened it. Beyond the locker, was a built-in chest of drawers and then a small chair that doubled as an office chair for the desk that was to the left of the door. On the desk was a small TV, wired into the ships entertainment center and over it, a lamp fastened to the bulkhead. Beyond the lamp was the entrance [no door] to the bath, consisting of a shower, washbasin and toilet. Lastly, across the width of the room, from bulkhead to bulkhead was my bed, two meters long, just one inch longer than me.

I carefully hung up my clothes and stepped into the shower. I soaped myself and dreamed of Amy. My thoughts were of her softness in my arms and the intoxicating aroma of her perfume, which I imagined I could smell even now. By the time I left the shower I was in the same state as when I left her except now, I was unbridled by clothing. My cock was sticking straight out, stiff and proud.

I walked back into the cabin, my eyes closed, still dreaming of an erotic interlude, toweling my hair dry, my erect penis leading the way.

I almost jumped out of my skin when she said, "God, I hope that's me you're thinking about." She leaned forward in the chair, cupping my balls with one hand and sliding the other along the length of my dick.

"Damn! How did you get in here?"

"It's easy, I gave one of the stewards 20 bucks and he showed me where you were." The last thing she said before she dropped to her knees in front of me was, "You should lock your door. Don't worry, I did."

The feeling of her warm soft mouth engulfing my penis coupled with whenever her tongue was doing it to the sensitive area right underneath the gland and her hand fondling my balls stopped any protest I might have. All I could do was lean back against the bulkhead and let the goddess of carnal delight have her way with me.

In just a couple of minutes she had me bucking hard against her and I knew in my mind that everything would be okay if I could only get my balls in her mouth too. Soon I was swallowed up in a wave of orgasmic ecstasy. My body was ramrod stiff as I shot pulse after pulse of my seed into her greedy mouth. My legs were so weak I could barely support myself, but she didn't stop. She continued to drain me until my knees began to sag. 

"Lay down, I'm going to cleanup. I'll be right back."

She carefully laid her clothes on the desk and disappeared into the head. I could hear the shower running and assumed she found my mouthwash when I heard her gargling. 

She brought a warm washcloth back with her and was cleaning me up when she said, "You are very big and have a beautiful cock. Now, it's your turn to do me like that." 

The bunk was only one meter wide by two meters long and surrounded one three sides by bulkheads, so the only way this could be accomplished was for her to sit on my face. I think she liked this arrangement anyway, because she was in total control. Although we were in the 69 position, she didn't suck me. Instead, she supported herself on her stiff arms, one on each side of my hips. Her head was back and her eyes were closed, savoring each caress and probe of my tongue. Every now and then, when I touched a particularly sensitive spot, she would twitch and, with a sharp intake of breath, sigh.

I knew exactly where her clitoris was, but, in an effort to make it last and to give her the same pleasure she had given me, I carefully avoided it. Soon, she was rocking back and forth; pushing her pussy so hard against my mouth I was having trouble breathing. She was gasping with each movement. I assumed the time was now and sucked the soft little center of her sexual universe into my mouth and captured it between my lips and tongue.

That did it! I am glad the crew’s quarters are almost sound proof because she let out a wail, best described as the noise a lioness might make if you ran over its tail with a truck. I was determined to do to her what she had done to me, so I didn't stop and release her love button until she collapsed into a withering, whimpering, mass on top of me. Her head was lying on my thigh, within inches of my manhood.

I thought she might be ready to give me a return engagement but, when I licked her pussy, she said, "You bastard" and bit me, hard. "As soon as I catch my breath, you are going to fuck me, and it better not be halfway. I have never been this horny."

By 2 a.m. she conceded that her horniness had been cured and she went back to her stateroom on very shaky legs. I didn't see her at breakfast or lunch but at dinner she told me that she had a relapse and her "condition" had returned. I ended up having to "treat" it every evening for the rest of the six-day cruise. 

30

Copyright © 02-10-2001 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.

For comments on this story contact me. 