 The rope strains at Katy's wrists as she pulls against her bonds. Sweat pools between her breasts, running in streams across her bare stomach before running off onto the sheets. A moan escapes her lips, barely heard over the rustling of the sheets. The man between her legs pauses, enjoying the sound, then resumes feasting upon her sopping wet sex. Katy again strains against her bonds, this time against the silken ropes keeping her legs spread wide on the bed. Another moan, almost like a plea, echoes through the room before becoming a hoarse cry. Katy's hips snap uncontrollably as her orgasm strikes. White heat billows through her body in waves as her muscles spasm uncontrollably. The man between her legs forces his tongue deep into her sex, using his thumb to massage her clit as he does so. Katy's cry becomes a scream, her body undulating now to escape the unbearable pleasure her body is producing. With a last cry, her body falls to the bed, blissful unconsciousness at last claiming her. 

She awakes mere moments later, as the blood from her body returns to her head and the rush of her orgasm begins to fade. Even still, the aftershocks of pleasure are still sounding in her pussy. The man smiles at her as he caresses her side, forcing her to shift to the side to avoid being tickled. She strains again at the ropes. Gazing at the man with a childish pout on her face, she implores, "Untie me."

He reaches for the bottom bedposts first, untying her ankles, giving each a passionate caress with his lips. He then reaches for the rope tying her hands at the wrists. As he unties them, he draws one of her nipples into his mouth. Just as the rope came free, he bites down, ever so slightly, drawing another moan of pleasure from Katy. 

"Don't start that again. I want to please you for a while" She flashes him a naughty grin as she rolled him over. Her hands find his nipples and give each a playful twist. He mockingly acts pained, and reaches behind her to spank her. She gasps in pleasure, then pushes his hands away as she slides down his body. Taking his dick in her hands she lovingly begins stroking his shaft, slowly at first while blowing on the head. 

Her eyes never leaving his, her tongue slowly licks the head, almost magically pulling it into her mouth, beginning a slow suction. As she does so she runs her fingernails across his inner thighs, heightening the sensation for him. She moves up slightly to catch the base of his penis in her breasts, then slides down to magnify the effect, her mouth never losing contact with the head. Her left hand begins slowly massaging his balls as she begins to suck him in earnest, her right hand now stroking his shaft. The man begins to breathe shallowly, and Katy feels his heart rate begin to accelerate. As she senses he is about to lose it, she quickly pulls off, her right hand still slightly stroking him. A deep groan of frustration erupts from his lips as he looks up at her accusingly. A wicked grin crosses her face as she moves slowly off the bed, her hand still holding his throbbing dick, using it almost as a handle, pulling him with her. She leads him silently to the window. They both gaze outside at the revelers still drinking and partying on the streets below. Mardi Gras is still in full swing, even at this late hour. She turns, pressing her breasts against the glass, tilting her ass up to offer him entrance to her pussy. "I want them to watch" she whispers, each word dripping with lust.

Without a word, he roughly grabs her hips and positions himself at her entrance. Her juices coat the head of his cock as he rubs it in her pussy several times, teasing her. "Please" she begs, "Please I need it now. Fuck me!" 

She cries out as he thrusts himself in quickly, forcing her open. His dick is enormous, and it fills her completely. His strokes are slow but strong – insuring that she feels each thrust. Each time he slowly pulls out all but the tip, only to ram his cock in forcefully, twisting as he does so as to obtain maximum penetration. Her body quakes with each brutal blow. Her legs shake with the effort to remain standing. She bends over more, grasping the locks on the window in an effort to keep her balance. His hands knead her hips as he takes her, sending a silent but easily understood message of possession. Her heart races as her hips begin churning back at him, wantonly using her body to reinforce his pleasure. His cock grows thicker as his pace increases. She knows that in moments he is going to cum inside her, filling her with his seed and probably making her a mother. She aches for it, needs it, and her hips dance for his cock, begging it to give up its life giving fluid. Her pleasure doubles, then triples, then reaches its pulsating climax. Her orgasm shakes her to the core, and she grinds her ass into his crotch, driving him fully into her as her inner muscles clutch him. The sensations are too much for the man, and with a bellow he lets loose, holding himself deep inside her as his cock throbs and fires jets of cum deep into her. Her muscles milk him, her hips still snapping back at him, magnifying his pleasure. He responds by gripping her hips even tighter, pulling himself even deeper, leaving red marks as his fingers dig into her flesh. His cock twitches several times, each time depositing yet more semen into her drenched cunt, forcing it deep into her womb. She feels the warmth from his cum soothing her aching pussy, lubricating her further. He presses her against the glass, his bare chest against her back, his hand cupping one of her breasts. "Did we make a baby?" he asks, his voice hopeful.

"I don't know." she responds, a warm smile on her face now. "Perhaps we need a few more tries to make sure ...." He smiles, and drags her back to the bed.