 Dear friends my name is Saheb Sahebji. I am young, tall and slim. By profession I am a commercial artist. In my last story 'Kala, the single mother' you read that Nisha, my little one got married. Her last words to me were, 'Big one, go after Cassie (her best friend) she loves to fuck. (To find out more about Nisha read 'Nisha, the little one' and 'Kala, the single mother' about Cassie read 'Ramu and Cassie'). 

Though Nisha had introduced me to Cassie before her marriage I did not take her seriously but who can preempt what is written. Three months after I lost Nisha, I ran into Cassie in a shopping center. The recognition was mutual. I was eager to hear news of Nisha so I invited Cassie for a cup of coffee.

When we had settled down I asked, 'I am sure you must be keeping in touch with Nisha? 

'Of course. I think Nisha spends half her time writing letters to me. She writes every day' Cassie replied. 

'How is she? Is she all right?' I inquired.

 'Yes she is all right and is deliriously happy. She asks about you quite often. You do miss her don't you?' Cassie said. 

'Yes I do miss her. Well there is nothing to be done about it' I replied. Then we talked about things before going on our different ways. 

As it happened I kept running into Cassie off and on. She kept me abreast with news of Nisha. With time we started seeing each other regularly. 

One day I asked Cassie, 'Cassie have you told Nisha that we are seeing each other'. 

Cassie said, 'Yes I wrote to Nisha and told her that we were dating. Sahebji can you guess what she had to say? I shook my head. 'Nisha wrote, 'I knew this had to happen. When Nisha plans then it happens' Cassie said and laughed nervously. 

As Cassie's parents were strict, she could not leave home often. Therefore we usually met on Sundays and holidays. One Sunday I asked Cassie, 'I know of a fantastic restaurant that serves excellent tandoori chicken would you like to eat there today?' 

'Sahebji frankly I would rather cook tandoori murgha Nisha style than eat it' was Cassie's surprising answer. 

I looked at Cassie, 'Are you serious?' She blushed and nodded. 

When we reached my flat I said, 'Cassie you already know your way around make yourself comfortable. She nodded. She took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom and said, 'Let us not waste any time. 

Nisha talked so much about her big one that I am dying to see it'. Taking her in my arms and kissing her I said, 'All in good time, my dear'. 

I then undressed her. Naked she was even more beautiful. I kissed and licked her shaven choot till she was wild with ecstasy. Then I undressed. 'My God Nisha was right. Your lund is really very big and thick. Sahebji I have not had a man since Ramu. Sahebji please be tender with me I don't want to be hurt'. 

'Don't worry you will not feel a thing' I said. 

I spread her legs as wide as I could and pressed my cock inside her. She groaned, 'Oh dheere, please dheere dard ho raha hai. OHHHHHhhhh kya poora ghuss gaya? Aissa lag raha hai ki paheli baar chudwa rahi hoon (Oh slowly please slowly it is hurting. OHHHHHhhhh is it in yet? I feel as if I am losing my virginity all over again.)'. 

'Yes darling I am fully inside you' I replied and started the in and out motion. I kept varying the length and the speed of my strokes. She was moaning loudly. Her bottoms were keeping perfect time with my strokes. 

'Sahebji it is lovely. Fuck me harder. Y...hes faster and harder. Oh Jesus it is fantastic. Jeeesuss I am nearly there. Y..hes  don't stop go on faster. OH Jeeeeesus I am COMMMIIIINNNGGGggg'. I had not had a woman since Nisha and felt my seed rising. Few more strokes and I shot my load. 

She then proceeded to cook 'tandoori murgha'. She had learnt her lesson well. It was a very enjoyable. We both had a great afternoon. 

When we were together again she said, 'You know I wrote and told Nisha that I had taken her advice and cooked your murgha in my tandoor. Here is her reply' and handed me a letter.

I read, "Congratulations! Cassie congratulations. What do you think of the big one? He is great isn't he? I knew you would enjoy yourself. How was the tandoori murgha? Now that the big one has fucked you, you might as well tell your parents to start collecting your dowry. You will be married soon"  

'Cassie read this telegram. It is from Nisha' I said handing her the telegram. 

'You read it out' Cassie said. It reads "Bravo big one. I knew you would succeed. Don't forget that a coin has two sides. Love. Your little one". 

'What does she mean by the coin has two sides?' Cassie asked. 

I laughed, 'It is her subtle way of reminding me that your ass hole cherry is still intact'. 

'Kya tum ab meri gaand maroge? (Are you going to fuck me in the ass now?)' Cassie asked. 

'Only if you agree' I replied. 

She murmured to herself, 'Nisha keh rahi thi gaand marwane main bahut mazaa aata hai. Ek din tau gaand marwani hee hai. Phir aaj kyon nahin? (Nisha was saying fuck in the ass hole is very pleasurable. One day I have to have my ass hole fucked then why not today). Then turning to me she said, 'Sahebji main tayyaar hoon. Gaand marni hai tau mar lo (Sahebji I am ready. Fuck my ass hole if you want to)'. 

'It will hurt' I told her. 

'It has to hurt someday. No I am ready' was her reply. 

After greasing both her ass hole and my shaft I penetrated her gaand. At first she screamed that it was hurting her too much but soon started to enjoy the new sensation. 'It was really very nice' she said after we had finished. We enjoyed ourselves for six months. 

One day she announced, 'Sahebji my marriage has been fixed. I am to marry Alan in three months time. Alan was two years my senior in college. I did not know Alan then but now my parents have arranged my marriage to him. He is nice. I like him'. 

'Does Nisha know? I asked. 

'Of course I wrote and told her. She wrote back, 'I am not surprised. Remember I told you so. The big one is very lucky'. She said to tell you that your lund has done it again. She also wanted me to find a choot for the big one.

'I can't do much for the big one. My only best friend is already married. What I can do is to introduce you to several girls but you have to take it up from there'. I laughed and said, 'Don't worry. I have been without a girl before and I am not really so helpless as Nisha imagines'. 

'We are having a farewell party on Saturday in college. I want you to be my escort' Cassie suggested. 

She went on to explain that it was a tradition in their college that the second year students give a farewell party to the class passing out. 'You won't get bored. There will be many pretty girls and they even serve beer' she said. Not being averse to meeting pretty girls I agreed.

On Saturday I escorted her to the party. 

The party was held in the college gymnasium. There was lots of seating space, a space to dance and a make shift bar. 

Cassie introduced me to many girls and boys saying, 'This is my friend Sahebji. He is an artist'. One girl, Asha wanted me to draw her picture. I tried to get out of it but others also insisted. Then one boy, Pappu said pointing to a greying man standing near the entrance, 'Sahebji forget Asha. Draw the sketch of the Weasel'. 

Everyone agreed and shouted, 'Yes, yes draw his picture'. 

The man he had pointed out had an interesting face and he actually resembled a weasel. Pappu arranged for a sheet of paper and pencil. While I was sketching I asked, 'Who is he?'

 With a smile Cassie said, 'He is our principal'. After I had finished all the students said that it was a great sketch and it resembled the weasel to a T. 

Pappu disappeared with the sketch to show it around. About an hour later I was sitting at the bar with Pappu when someone tapped me on the shoulder. I turned around to find the principal standing. 

Showing me the sketch he said sternly, 'Did you draw this? 

'Yes but sir but I did not mean any disrespect' I said apologetically. 

'No it is good. Actually, very good. I like it. You are not a student of my college. I have never seen you before' he said smiling. 

'No sir I am a guest of one of the students' I replied. 

'You are good. Are you an artist? 

'I am not an artist. I am a commercial artist' I replied. 

Before leaving he gave me his card and said, 'May I keep this sketch I like it very much. Come and see me next week sometime I will like to talk to you'. 

A pale Pappu said, 'I thought we were in big trouble but the Weasel turned out to be good sport. I hope he does not read you the riot act when you see him'. 

'Forget about him let us have another beer' I said. 

While we were drinking our beer I saw a very pretty girl dancing alone. She was 5'6" tall with a superb figure. Her bobbed hair suited her slim face. She wore a red blouse with black buttons and a knee length black skirt. Her matching red shoes completed her outfit. Her big boobs were hard and firm. 

'Pappu what is with you boys no one is dancing with this extraordinarily pretty girl' I said gesturing towards the dancing beauty. 

'I see her beauty has also bewitched you too? Every one here keeps away from her. She is not a girl. She is like a coiled cobra, very pretty but very, very deadly. She is also very vain, egoistic and haughty. If I were you I will keep her at a distance' Pappu said. 

'Tut, tut Pappu those sure are harsh words to describe such a pretty girl' I said. 

'If you only knew the truth about her then you will agree with me that what I am saying about her is putting it very politely' Pappu said. 

'Okay tell the truth' I said. 

'Well at first she encourages a guy and when the guy tries to kiss her or embrace her she shouts bloody murder. You know what happened to a friend of mine? She went to a movie with him and kept encouraging him but when he tried to put his arm round her in the darkened hall, she created such a scene that the police arrived. My friend, poor fellow left the college out of shame. If you want to be disgraced it is up to you. I have done my duty and warned you.' Pappu said.  

'It sure is a pity. She is definitely very pretty' I told him. 

After the party as I was escorting Cassie home she asked, 'Sahebji did you like any of the girls?' 

'Yes most of them were very nice but I liked a girl called Roma best'. 

'What? That bitch' Cassie shouted. 

'Why does everyone react like this. Pappu also called her names' I said. 

'If you only knew what she did to his friend you would also call her names' she replied. 

'I know what happened but you know you can't clap with one hand. I feel, there must be more to it' I said. 

'You don't even know her and are defending her so staunchly. If you only knew how she humiliated me today' Cassie said and started to sob. 

'Darling what did she do to you?' I asked kissing her lightly. 

Between sobs she said, 'When I told the girls that I am getting married to Alan everyone was happy and congratulated me but that bitch Roma with a smug look said, 'you are getting married to that loser Alan. I went out with him only once and immediately saw that he was a loser and dropped him like a hot brick'. Sahebji believe me I could have died with shame'. 

'Tell me more about her' I said. 'She keeps boasting that she is not like other girls and knows how to protect her virginity, which she will only surrender to her husband on the wedding night. She talks to us like as if we were all whores'. 

'Does she know about us?' I asked. 

'Definitely not. She just assumes that all girls, other than her are having affairs' Cassie said. 

'Roma can't talk to my Cassie like this and get away with it' I said getting angry. 

'What are you going to do. pop her cherry? Please don't do anything rash for my sake and get into trouble' Cassie said. 

'Frankly I don't know what I will do but I will try my very best to see that she apologizes to you for her rude behavior today'. We did not talk about Roma again. 

Later I thought that all the boys are enamored by Roma's beauty but she treats them like dirt. Therefore the best way to make her to take interest in me would be to treat her like any ordinary girl and be cool. Yes this would be the best plan. 

On Saturday I went to see the Weasel. He was glad to see me. He showed me my sketch, which he had placed under the glass on his desk. He said, 'Sahebji you are a good artist. We have an opening for an Art teacher in our college. Would you like to join our faculty'. 

I laughed and said, 'I am honored by your offer but sir I already have a nine to five job which I enjoy'. 

While we were talking there was a knock on the door and Roma peeped in, 'Sorry chacha (uncle - father's younger brother) I did not know you were busy. I will come later'. 

He said, 'No come on in and meet Sahebji. He is a great artist. I am trying to persuade him to join our college' and then turning to me added Sahebji this is my niece Roma'.

Roma said, 'Good evening Mr. Sahebji I am pleased to meet you' and stuck out her hand. 

I took her hand and said, 'The pleasure is entirely mine'. 

'Chacha I will come later' she said and left. 

'Roma is very pretty isn't she? My brother is settled in England and sent Roma here to do her graduation. She is staying with my wife and me. We have no children of ours. It is nice to have a young person staying with us. May be you could consider teaching interested students in the evenings after your work. You will of course be paid' he said. 

Extra money is always welcome and it might give me an opportunity to meet Roma again. 'Okay sir I can try that but I let us start with two hours three times a week' I said. 

'That would be fine' he said. 

This gave me an excuse to visit the college often. 

Pappu had become a great fan of mine. I also liked him and we become good friends. He took me to a bar frequented by the students. It was called 'The Orbit'. A very fat bald guy called Tony ran it. 'The Orbit' was a biggish place. In the evenings students hung around chatting and socializing and many even brought their dates with them. There was a dance floor and it boasted of a small bar, which served cold drinks and beer. Most evenings Pappu and I stopped there for a beer or two.  

I kept running into Roma but other than a polite greeting we did not talk. On many an occasion I felt that she wanted to talk to me but I managed to avoid a long conversation. One evening she collared me in the college. After the usual greetings she said, 'Sahebji I want to talk to you'. 

I said, 'Sure why not but right now I am in hurry but if you wait we can talk later. I should be back in twenty minutes okay? She nodded. 

Leaving her I met up with Pappu and went to 'The Orbit'. Seating ourselves at the bar we ordered beer. The place was full as usual. Piped music was playing. Few couples were on the dance floor. There was a loud buzz of conversation. Nearly an hour had past since I had left Roma. 

Suddenly there was pin drop silence. Pappu turned around and whispered, 'Sahebji the bitch is here'. 

In the mirror behind the bar I saw Roma surveying the scene. She spotted us and walked resolutely towards us. 

'Oh, oh she is coming straight towards us. I am out of here' Pappu whispered. 

'Don't move. Stay where you are till I tell you' I said to Pappu under my breath. 

'Here you are swilling beer and I was waiting for you in college' she said controlling her anger. 

'Sorry Roma I completely forgot' I apologized. 

'Doesn't matter but you could buy a girl a drink' she said cooling down a bit. 

'It will be my pleasure. What will you drink? I said and before she could answer added 'Tony give the lady a soft drink'. 

'I don't want a soft drink. What are you guys drinking?' she asked. 

Pappu said, 'We are drinking beer'. 

'I will also have a beer. Tony give me a bottle of whatever they are drinking' she said. 

'Roma we are drinking strong beer. Tony give her a light one' I said. 

'No I want a strong beer also' she ordered. 

When the beer was served she started to drink it like water. 'Roma drink it slowly/ the beer is very potent' I suggested. She did not pay heed and finished the beer in quick time. 'Tony give me another bottle' she said thickly. 

'Pappu offer the lady a seat' I said. Pappu got up and tried to help Roma on to the barstool. Roma was unsteady on her legs and tripped. I quickly bent down and caught her but by accident my hands cupped her boobs. 

'Take your hands off me and stop squeezing my tits' she said loud enough for others to hear. All eyes were turned towards us. I held on to her. 

'Maine kaha ki meri chuchiyan dabana bund karo aur mujhe chord do (I said stop pressing my tits and let me go)' she screamed. 

'If I let you go you will fall' I said still holding on to her tits. 

'I don't care. Just let me go' she said again. I let her go.  With a loud thump she fell on the floor. 

Pappu and I helped her on to the barstool. 'You did this on purpose' she said to me rubbing her buns. 

'I was trying to be helpful but when you insisted that I let you go I had no choice. Forget what happened drink your beer' I said. She looked at me strangely and started drinking her beer. She was still drinking it way too fast. After finishing the bottle she staggered of the stool and said, 'I must go home now'. 

From the corner of my eyes I saw four boys get up and look towards Roma. Roma was not too popular among the boys. I thought if these four guys caught up with Roma in her inebriated state then when she gets home she won't be a virgin anymore. Frankly I had no love lost for her. I thought maybe I might get lucky and pop her cherry in future. Therefore it was best that she did not lose it tonight. She hung on to my arm and we walked out. 

 'Come Roma I will walk you home' I said. 

The cool breeze revived Roma to some extent but she leaned closely towards me. We walked to her home in silence. She kept glancing at me from time to time. I wondered what was going on in her conceited mind. When we reached her house she looked up towards me with half puckered lips wanting me to kiss her.  I was not ready for it yet. I said, 'Goodnight Roma sleep tight' and turned on my heels and walked away. After ten steps I turned around and saw she was standing very still and glaring at me with anger. I waved and continued on my way. 

A week later Roma waylaid me in the college and said, 'Please Sahebji I want to talk to you'. 

'I have an appointment with the principal. I will be right back. Stay here and don't go away' I said. 

'This is what you said a week back also' she said a sarcastic tone.  

'Give me five minutes and no longer' I said and walked away. Actually I did not have any appointment. I just required time to think as what she might say. I went into the principal's office spent five minutes with him and lingered around his secretary's office for another ten minutes before returning. 

Roma was still waiting for me. 

She smiled and said, 'I thought you had again ditched me'. 

'What do you want to talk about? I asked. 

'Sahebji my chacha says you are a great artist. I want you to draw my picture. Not a caricature but a proper portrait type' she said. 

'Sure anytime you say. It will require number of sittings but with one condition' I replied. 

'What condition?' she asked. 

'I will show you the sketch when it is complete and not earlier. Agreed? I said.  

'This is fine with me' she replied. 

'Will tomorrow be okay? Meet me here and we can use one of the classrooms' I suggested. 

She said, 'I don't want a conventional portrait. What I had in mind cannot be done here. I want you to sketch me lying in bed. Can't we do it at your place?' 

'My place it is. Tell me when?' I said. 

With a triumphant look she said, 'Day after tomorrow. I will be at your place at six sharp. Don't forget'.
