 Since Amy started with a consulting company as an Executive Assistant last year, she has always had fantasized about her boss. He was in his mid-forties, fit, funny, with an amazing smile. Amy wasn't bad herself, 30 years old, 120lbs, long blonde hair, bright blue eyes, perfect tits and a beautiful backside. She loved to wear figure-hugging outfits to work, showing off her body in all the right places- of course hoping that her outfit choices would make her boss lust for her. With a body that exuded sexuality from her mouth to her ass to her toes, everything on her tight little body screamed, "come fuck me." Her boss loved watching her walk around the office, as she constantly made sure that she wore tops made of thin fabric and bras without padding so that her hard nipples were always noticeable, and when she walked they would have the perfect amount of bounce. 

About a year after Amy began working at the company, it seemed that her and her boss were becoming more and more flirtatious. The shared intense eye contact that would make Amy's pussy ache and drip with the thought of him. She was sure he felt the same way, but didn't want to push anything just in case. Amy began thinking about how she could make this happen. She looked at this situation as a bit of a challenge- they were both married with children, but she couldn't shake the thought of him on top or behind her, in a sex driven craze fucking her like he had never before. She wanted him so badly, but was not sure of what she could to make it happen. She has always had her pick of great men to fuck, but she didn't want just any man, she wanted him. Her boss. One of the most amazing men she had ever met, and she wasn't prepared to stop at anything less than getting him alone, creating in him so much sexual prowess that he would stop of nothing to slide his cock into her dripping wet pussy. However, she needed to wait until the timing was perfect. 

It was months after she decided she was going to do whatever she could to fuck him, that they finally had an opportunity. They were both attending a client event downtown, which had an open bar, a great band and would run late into the early morning. As her boss lived in the suburbs, he would often get a hotel room for the night instead of driving home. 

The event was great, the drinks were flowing, and Amy's plan was put in place. She wouldn't talk to her boss much over the course of the night, but she would make sure that he noticed her talking and flirting with other men. She was wearing a tiny red dress that showed off her perfect legs and accentuated her succulent tits. Her skirt was short enough that when she bent over, it was hard to not catch a glimpse of her black thong snug tightly against her pussy. Most of the men at the event gravitated to her, wanting to talk to her, wanting to lift up that tiny little dress and lick her tight little cunt. She knew that her boss was constantly looking over, so she exaggerated everything she did and also making sure her tits were always looking like they needed to be sucked on, and that her mouth was always slightly open, looking perfect for a cock to slide in. This got her boss completely aroused and slightly territorial over her. 

Towards the end of the night, Amy's boss was sick of watching all of these men fiend for her attention, when he knew that she was just putting on a show for him. It was when he noticed a handsome man grab her ass and whisper something in her ear that he needed to stop this. He walked up to her ready to leave. "I hate to pull you away from all of these men, but I'm leaving. Do you want to have another drink somewhere? I don't really feel like heading back to my room just yet, but if you want to stay that's fine too." Amy smiled her sexy vixen smile. "I'm ready to leave with you," she said, as her pussy instantly started to dampen. 

As it was already 130am, most lounges were already closed. Amy was disappointed that everything was closed, as she didn't want to leave him, but didn't want to invite herself to his room. "Why don't you come back to my room for a quick drink, and catch a cab from the hotel?" her boss asked. YES!! Amy thought to herself, as she casually said "sure" and they quickly hurried back to the hotel, both hoping that this may be the chance they were looking for.

The room was small, a king bed, a desk with a chair and a full size mirror, but nothing more. Amy took of her heels and climbed up on to the bed with the hopes that he will follow suit. She wanted to give him view of her perfect round ass scoot up on the bed, and also hope that he was watching her bend over enough to catch a quick glimpse of her glistening slit. He opened a bottle of wine, poured 2 glasses and joined her. He sat close enough to her, their arms touched. He admired her perfect legs and followed them up to her dress barley covering where he wanted to taste. He continued to her tits, picturing his face between them, licking and groping them. "You're extremely beautiful Amy, its no wonder so many men lust after you." 

"What do you mean?" she responded, leaning closer into him, hoping that he would just make the first move. "Just fucking go for it," she thought to herself, "I'm not going to do it, so just do. Just take me." 

As he was staring lustfully into her eyes- he knew if he didn't take this opportunity, it might never happen again. Without saying a word, he grabbed her wine glass, setting both of them down and pulled her face into his, kissing her so passionately and intensely that she couldn't help but let every part of her succumb to him. 

Their tongues danced around wildly, setting the stage perfectly. His kiss made her moan, out of pure sexual tension that she had built up for him. He put his hand on her leg, and inched it slowly under her dress, feeling her heat and moisture as he softly moved her panties to the side and slid a finger into her eager pussy. She slowly started buck her hips, forcing his finger deeper and deeper into him. 

He released his kiss and whispered in her ear. "I have wanted you for so long. I have jerked off so many times thinking about you, and this exact moment. This can be our little secret." This made wild with lust. She pulled his finger out of her cunt, and licked her juices off it while getting onto her knees. "So fucking hot, you are so fucking hot," he groaned as she pushed him down further on the bed so he could lie down fully. She began taking off his pants, having to work hard to pull them over his bulge. "Let me suck that cock of yours, I know that you have been wanting this..do you want it? Do you want me to suck you cock?" He nodded and moaned with anticipation. 

She lowered her mouth onto his cock, and he let out a big moan. "Fuuuuuuuuck" he said as he grabbed the back of her head and pushed her head further onto his dick. "Suck it baby...Mmmmmm, so good. You're such a naughty girl, a naughty, sexy slut." This sent her into a frenzy, as she didn't think that word was in his even innermost vocabulary. She just couldn't take it anymore. "Please fuck me-I need your cock.. My pussy needs your cock.. Please" she begged him. He couldn't resist the urge to pleasure the women of his dreams, the sexy big titted blonde goddess that created so much sexual desire in him, causing him to jerk his cock and cum every time. 

"Get on it baby- let me see your wet cunt slide up and down," he instructed.

She crawled on to him, straddling him, staring into his eyes as she slowly lowered her tight pussy onto his hard dick. She slid slowly onto the tip, her pussy so tight it had to stretch around it. He stared at her thick pussy lips as she slowly slid lower and lower. "Ahhhhhhhhh" he grunted in complete ecstasy. He had been waiting to feel his cock inside her, to finally fulfill his fantasy, and it was even better than he ever thought it would be. She started pulsing up and down, feeling her juices covering her cock, making it easier to slide faster and faster. 

"Do you like fucking me?" Amy asked.

"Mmmmmmmmmm."

She moved faster and faster on his cock, her tits bouncing up and down, creating a visual any man would die for. As she rode him fast, then slow, and fast again, she reached down to her pussy and started circling her swollen, pink clit with her fingers, bringing her to the verge of complete release. 

"I'm going to fucking cum Amy, I'm going to cum, I want to cum all over those sweet tits of yours- are you ready for me?"

Still fingering her clit ready to cum herself, she pushed herself off of him and onto her knees, opening her mouth waiting to feel and taste his thick cum. He jerked his cock twice and winced in ecstasy as he exploded all over her, soaking her tits, face and hair. She lied back, swallowing his salty fluids, furiously fingering her dripping cunt and hard little clit. 

"Cum for me Amy, I have wanted to make you cum since I met you", he leaned forward and began licking her pussy as she continued to finger fuck it. 

"I'm cumming!I I'm cumming- I'm cumming," Amy screamed as a gush of juices dripped out of her and into his eagerly awaiting mouth. He moved to her mouth and kissed her passionately.

"That was more than I had ever expected- Amy, you are amazing. I hope we can do this again." 

"I would love that," she whispered back. 

Amy got off the bed, and had a quick shower to rinse away the evidence of where she was. Shortly after, he kissed her goodbye and she closed the hotel room door softly behind her. 

The next day at the office was business as usual, but there was a new type of spark between them, a desire ready to be fulfilled again, and all they could do was wait.