 I like short, petite women.

That's a simple enough thing, right? 

Nope.

You see, I'm a tall, brawny guy: seven foot one and 300 lbs. And the women I like are normally in the 4'8" to 5'2" range, and around 100 lbs. Now, don't misunderstand me, I don't date the shorties exclusively, I just find them very attractive. 

Why I like 'em short is rather complicated. You see, most girls are too short for me to be face to face with during sex. I can't kiss a girl and be inside her at the same time, and can't 69 with most women. (Although there were these two Scandanavian sisters one time, but I'll save that one for later.) Now, if I can't be on even physical footing with a girl, I like for the size difference to be a bit exaggerated. It allows me to play around in certain ways that I find satisfying.

Yesterday is a perfect example of my "fetish" in action.

*

I'm a grad student in Literature at a second-rate American University (is there any other sort?), and in my experience most American schools are so much alike as to be interchangeable. So, let's just say that I attend Yoknapatawpha U. 

YU is a fairly conservative campus, officially. Nonetheless, we have a noticeable, if small, populace of free-thinkers, hippies, and other sorts of liberals. For the most part, the liberal populace doesn't have to hide itself from public view. They do, however, tend to restrain themselves somewhat while in public. Frankly, that doesn't bother me. I wish everyone, conservative or liberal, would act with a least a modicum of self-respect while around others. 

Once in a rare while, you'll see two girls holding hands as they cross campus, or maybe engaging in a little touching or kissing. You'll also see the occasional student in full "punk" garb. While these people tend to draw some odd looks, they aren't persecuted in any overt way.

Enter Camille.

Cami is exactly the type of girl I go for, physically and otherwise. Five foot one, about 90- 95 lbs. Best of all, she is curvy for her size, yet still very firm-bodied. She has a perfect "hourglass" figure, without being too meaty for her height. Her breasts are somewhat large for her size, and are perfectly round and firm. She has shoulder-length blonde hair that she occasionally dyes to some outrageous color, because she is a bit of a showman, always wanting to do something to get attention. Today, her hair is a sort of Kool-Aid red.

Besides being somewhat of a "punk" chick, Cami also does not hide her attraction to women, nor does she shy away from talking about sex in public. What I like is that she does not flaunt anything, does not try to force her personality on anyone, she simply does not censor herself for having different desires and beliefs than others. To wit, she will flirt openly, will sometimes make lewd comments about passing girls, sometimes complain about a bad lover in public all things that men and straights feel comfortable doing. 

There had always been a fairly affectionate tone to our relationship, we always flirted and occasionally groped one another. But, the timing was never quite right for anything to get started between us. I was seeing someone when I met Cami, and she was seeing someone when I became single, and so forth. 

That ended yesterday.

*

I was sitting on the steps of the Student Union yesterday, Friday, taking a smoke-break during the two-hour interval between my last class and the start of work. A few others were sitting nearby, but I didn't know any of them and so we weren't conversing. I saw Cami approach, and she caught my eye. We kept eye contact while she approached, and I do believe that she saw the desire I felt. She said hello and patted me on the head. 

Then, with just a second's hesitation, she sat down sideways on my lap to my surprise. But, being quick on my feet, I wrapped my arms around her and leaned in halfway to her, looking for a kiss. She took the bait and leaned the rest of the way in and kissed me. We held each other in the kiss for a long moment, then broke away.

I like it when women know what they want and will fucking go after it.

"I've wanted that for a long time," she said, then laughed throatily.

"Me too," I said. Then, on cue, my penis grew erect in almost record time. It was straining against my pants, and was trying to lift Cami up with it.

"Oh my," she said, feeling my rather large bulge through our thin summer clothes. "Let's go do something about that."

"Serious?" I asked.

"I'm game if you are," she said sultrily.

"Yeah," I said, dumbfounded. "Lead on."

I am not a particularly conservative person, nor particularly timid. I was just shocked that a girl would be so bold.

"Let's just adjust you a bit," she said, looking around to make sure we were unobserved. Then she reached down and gently turned my cock in my pants so that it would be as comfortable, and unnoticeable, as possible. 

I groaned a bit in pleasure, but kept it as quiet as I could, so as to not attract undue attention from passers by.

"I've never known a girl who could handle it so well," I said quietly.

She just laughed cheerily, took my hand and led me into the Union. We walked calmly, as though all were normal, to the usually empty third floor of the building, and then to the most remote restrooms there. Even though we didn't see anyone else on the floor, we both looked around quickly before ducking into the ladies' room. 

Once inside, she quickly looked in all the stalls.

She turned around smiling, indicating that we were alone. But her smile fell from her face as her jaw dropped. You see, I had already dropped my pants and hauled my cock out. 

Remember, I am very tall and brawny; and all of me is in proportion to the rest of me. My member is just under eight inches long, and pretty wide-around.

The smile returned to her face as she unbuckled her shorts and came over to me. She tugged her shorts and panties off of her hips and dropped them on the floor. I leaned against the door to prevent intrusion, and took her into my arms. I stooped forward to kiss her, and our tongues danced with each other for a few sizzling minutes. I find very few acts, short of sex itself, to be quite as erotic as tongue-kisses. By the time we stopped kissing, my cock was straining painfully.

And here's where I start to enjoy the size difference.

I just picked her up off of the floor, she as light as a feather to me, and pulled her up to my eye-level. Our glances locked, and I saw something like a nervous hesitance in her face, but that softened into a trusting smile as we continued to look on one another. She wrapped her legs around me, and then I started lowering her. I was able to support her weight with my right arm, and so I dropped my left hand to my cock to guide it into her. 

She gasped as I got the head in. Despite my rather generous size, and despite her smallness, it went in pretty easily. I've never actually had a problem with getting into a girl never "bottomed out" or any of that nonsense. I mean, their vaginas are designed to deliver babies.

I paused a second with just the head in, so that she could lubricate and adjust to my size. Then I lowered her further. Inch by rapturous inch, she eased onto me.

And then I was in, all the way in. She groaned and then started twitching. Apparently she had an orgasm just from getting me in.

We both just held each other a moment while our hearts beat, and I felt our bodies pulsing together and against one another.

She started grinding against me, straining her muscles a bit to do so. I wrapped both arms around her again, and then started slowly raising and lowering her. After just a few strokes, she started twitching again, almost convulsing this time, as another orgasm overtook her.

Then I started moving her in earnest. Up and down she went, with me doing almost all the work. And then she just relaxed and let me do all the work, as I didn't need help to move her around. She leaned back a bit, and pulled her arms out from behind me to grab onto my left shoulder and right arm, clutching me fiercely with her hands. I watched as her climax grew, her eyes closed tight, her lips pursed to contain her moans. My own climax started to build as I continued moving her up and down on me.

I started moving her faster and faster, finally she could not contain herself anymore and moaned pretty loudly as she came. I was just a second behind, and groaned quietly as I came inside of her. 

We just held position a moment, then she opened her eyes to look at me. She kissed me fiercely and kept on clawing at me aggressively.

"We better go," I said, "someone might have heard."

Even though I was saying this, my cock was still hard inside of her.

We got dressed and snuck out of the bathroom, observed by no one. Then we left the Union altogether. Once outside, she turned to me and pulled my head down to kiss her again. The kiss was as passionately intense as every other had been.

"That was the most incredible thing I've ever experienced," she said breathily. "I felt so full!"

"Come on," I said. "You don't have to stroke my ego."

"I mean it!" she said enthusiastically. 

"Well, I can do better," I said levelly, not boasting. "That was just a quickie."

She fell silent a moment at that, stunned, I think, at the implications.

"How could any girl ever let you go?" she asked.

"And I cook, too," I said.

She laughed again, leaned in and lightly bit my chest through my shirt. This sent a brief jolt of electricity through my not-quite-sated prick, which surged in anticipation.

"Let's go to my place," she said decisively and took me by the hand.

As she was leading me to her car, I took out my cell-phone and called work. I told them not to expect me in today.

And, oh my, things only got better once we got to her place.