 I slept deeply for several hours, and woke this morning quite rested. I dozed and cat-napped for some time longer, feeling better than I had in a long time.

The girls had shifted their positions overnight, so that Cami was now curled under my left arm and Andrea was lying on top of me. They were still asleep. I watched them rest, and basked in the sexiness of the situation. Feeling the girls' bodies, along with the memories of the day and night before, were making me semi-hard.

Finally, as much as I did not want to, I had to ease Andrea off of me and get out of the bed to pee. That hard-on I had was not just from sexual stimulation. I walked out of the bedroom completely naked.

After the restroom, I went into the kitchen to get something to drink. I found some OJ in the fridge and drank straight from the carton. I was hungry from the previous day's activities, and figured that the girls would be hungry too. I looked around in the fridge and found some eggs, and there was bread in the cupboard, but that was about all Cami had. So we would be eating eggs and toast. 

I took a deep swig from the OJ, tilting my head and the carton back to get the last few drops. While my head was back, I felt some very cold hands grab my chest and tweak my nipples. I started and yelped.

Then I looked down and saw Andrea snickering. Her blue hair caught my eye first, then I realized that she was also nude. I looked up and down her short, little body; with its creamy, smooth skin, subtle curves, and surprisingly long legs.

We looked at one another quietly, and my cock came to life. It lengthened and hardened, and rose up to point straight out from my body, straight at her.

"That's the sexiest thing I've ever seen," she said in her flute-like voice, "seeing your big dick get hard for me, I mean."

I couldn't really say anything, as my member was speaking for me.

"You spilled some," she said, referring to the OJ that had sputtered out of my mouth and leaked out of the container onto my chest. I became very aware of the cold fluid running down my chest and into my crotch.

Because I was so much taller than her, she was able to lean far enough down to start kissing around my cock. She licked what little juice was on my stomach and abdomen, then started licking and kissing my cock. She put her lips over it, and I thrust ever so slightly into her mouth, getting a few inches in. I moaned while my cock throbbed in her mouth, and she licked and sucked.

Then she took her mouth off of me. She licked and kissed her way up my torso, getting the rest of the spilled juice. The cold of the juice was replaced by the warmth of her mouth all over my chest. Of course, she kept working her mouth over my body even when the juice was gone.

When she was standing up straight and had gone as high up my chest as she could, up to about my pecs, she reached her arms up, I reached mine down and we embraced. Then I lifted her gently off of her feet, and brought her face to mine. She wrapped her legs around my waist, and I put my arms under her for the most comfortable support. We kissed deeply for several minutes.

"Do it," she said, she piped in that musical voice.

I lowered her, reached a hand to my dick, and pushed it slightly into her. Then I lowered her the rest of the way onto it, a little at a time.

Then, as I did with her girlfriend yesterday, I began moving Andrea up and down my cock. Not too fast, as she seemed to be having trouble taking it all in.

I bounced her up and down, and then sped up a little.

In a few minutes, she was moaning and clenching her body in orgasm. I stopped moving her, even though my own orgasm was nowhere near, because I remembered how sensitive she became at orgasm. I didn't pull her off me, but kept her very still.

She opened her eyes and looked at me, indicating that I could start again. So I started bouncing her up and down on my cock again. Even though I would never reach orgasm at this rate, it was still delicious being inside of her.

I don't really know how to contrast the different feel of the two girls' pussies. Andrea's is a little tighter and wetter, but Cami's is hotter and seems to have stronger vaginal muscles...so that she can grip me more firmly. 

I pistoned her up and down on me for a few more minutes, then she came again. I was still not even close to coming.

"I promise that I'll be able to last longer," she said, panting, "when I get used to your size."

I kissed her.

"It's okay," I said, meaning it. "Besides, this way I can fuck you longer without coming. I like being inside you, and want it to last as long as it can."

"Let's go take a shower," she suggested, my cock still in her. And I carried her to the bathroom, inside her every step. The jarring from my steps made her bounce slightly on me, which sent jolts of pleasure through us both.

Then we were in the bathroom and, reluctantly, I pulled her off of my cock. She bent over to turn on the shower and, as a joke, I poked my cock into her ass-cheeks, feinting towards her anus.

"Hey!" she said, surprised. "Don't even try that!"

Of course, with the difference in our sizes, there was no way I would ever fit into her back door.

"Just joking," I said, and worried for a moment that I had scared her.

She smiled and snickered again, letting me know it was alright.

Then we got under the hot water. I took the soap-bar in hand and rubbed up a good lather. Then I worked the lather over every inch of her little body, rubbing my hands into her skin, giving her a massage while I washed. Then I gently shampooed her hair, using only tender finger movements and massaging her head in the process.

"That was good," she said dreamily. "Your turn."

She turned the shower off and started filling the tub. She pushed me down onto my knees and stood over me. Even kneeling, I was only a couple of inches shorter than her. She washed me in that position, taking care to clean me thoroughly. Just as I had done, she did not do anything overtly sexual during this. She just rubbed and caressed and washed, which felt wonderful, despite the lack of direct sexual stimulation.

Then she drained the soapy water and started refilling the tub. She directed me to lie down, which I was able to do by hanging one leg out of the tub and propping the other against the wall. She then sat on me, slightly above my crotch. It was a tight, sexy fit with the both of us in there.

She took a bottle of some sort of oil, poured out a generous amount of it, and started rubbing that into my chest. She rubbed with a surprising amount of strength in those little hands. I soon found myself dozing from the relaxing effect of the massage she gave. At some point, I noticed that she had worked most of the oil off of her hands, but was still rubbing me firmly. 

My cock had been semi-hard this whole time, and grew to full hardness as she continued to rub.

"I was nervous about last night," she said. "Even with Cami here, I was worried. And when she first suggested that we get you, I was really intimidated. But you made it easy. You were so good, too."

Then she just eased back and took my cock into her, mewling as she did so.

"Cami is so great," she said as she started moving back and forth on me. "We started dating right after I was raped. And she gave up men for the eight months we've been together, to be with me when I needed it. She is so great in bed, and so sexy. And she knew to get you...."

She fell silent and just rode me for a moment, as we both sighed in pleasure.

"You know," she said, "she and I have had a few threesomes before."

"But you said," I began, then stopped when I realized what she meant. The thought of Cami and Andrea with a third girl made me so horny that I started into an orgasm.

I didn't realize it at first, but she was having an orgasm too. And she stopped moving before I ejaculated, but I still had a small orgasm. A moment later, she started moving on me again. 

"The first time was with a girl from England," Andrea said, referring to their first girly-threesome. "I had a few classes with her, and wanted her so bad. But I was afraid to approach, didn't know if the she was even into girls or not. So Cami got her for me. She can do that, even with straight girls sometimes. She likes bringing them home to me." Pause. "The English girl liked us so much that she has been back three times. And we make love to her all night every time."

This dirty talk made me so horny that I began building to orgasm instantly. 

Andrea started coming again a moment later, and I had another small, non-ejaculatory orgasm with her.

"Another time," Andrea said as she resumed humping me, "we were with this girl from South Africa. Her skin was so perfectly dark...it turned us both on so much. We spent hours just licking and kissing her skin before we got to her sensitive spots. She and I both came just from rubbing against one another..." she then rode me silently again, her tight pussy really clamping down on my cock.

"We did everything with her," Andrea went on between gasps and moans, riding me the whole time. "We all took turns being the center of attention. Cami and I would do her, then she and I would do Cami, and then they both did me. Then we did a triangle, everyone getting licked and fingered all at once."

Andrea and I came together, again without me ejaculating. As much as I wanted to come, I was really starting to enjoy multiple orgasms, especially since we were having them together.

"Then we all washed ourselves off thoroughly, and took turns doing double oral," Andrea went on. "One girl at a time would get her pussy and her ass licked. I came like a rocket six or seven times from that. And I don't know how many times I came that night."

I put my hands on Andrea's hips and started moving her. Mostly, I just held her hips firmly and exerted force in time with the motions she was already making. But she appreciated it, as she moaned even louder while we did this. As with last night, she seemed to appreciate me exerting my strength at just the right times. She didn't want me to do so all of the time, I think, but often.

"Then there was this other girl who brought her toys," she said, moving back and forth a little faster now. "She taught us how to use a three-way dildo. She and I laid on our backs while Cami got on top of us. And we fucked each other silly with this ‘T' shaped thing, with one end in each of us. The girl and I scissored our pussies and ground them together, causing the thing to move up into Cami. And Cami would shift back and forth to jam the thing into the two of us. It felt just like fucking, but with all the heat from three pussies..."

We were both getting close again.

"Hold on a little longer," I managed to gasp. "I'm almost there."

"Okay," she said and continued humping me. Then she said, "There was one time when we went on a double date with two cheerleaders. We came home...Oh, god!"

And we both came in a massive orgasm, and I finally shot off inside of her. It felt like I pumped a bucket of cream into her. There was so much of it, and she was so tight that my come spilled back around my dick a second after I came.

A moment later, she pulled off of me and then collapsed forward onto my chest. She rested her head just under my chin. We held and stroked each other silently for awhile.

"I knew I'd find a way to get you off," she said.

We started wrinkling after a few more minutes, and so got out of the tub. ***

After we toweled off, Andrea walked to the edge of the bedroom. Neither of us bothered to dress. I watched Andrea's tight little ass sway as she walked. When she got to the bedroom door, I snuck in beside her and smacked my soft (but still lengthened) cock against her ass a few times, causing her to laugh.

"Hey, you'll make me wake Cami up!" Andrea admonished me.

I looked into the bedroom to see Cami still asleep, and still quite nude. Her punk-red hair was askew, and she was snoring slightly. The covers had come down just enough to reveal her firm, round, and fairly large titties.

"She is so sexy," Andrea said.

I agreed wholeheartedly, and my dick hardened just a little bit.

"Let's go to the couch and take a nap," Andrea whispered. 

I looked at her curiously, but followed when she dragged me away from the bedroom.

"I hate to be greedy," she said, "but it's been so long since I've been with a man, with a good man, I mean. I just want to have you to myself for a little while."

"Understandable," I said.

I laid down, having to drape both legs off the end of the couch. We were both still nude. She climbed on top of me and pulled a blanket over us. Our combined body heat soon warmed both of us up perfectly.

"How much of that was true?" I asked, a little smug.

"Eh?" 

"The stuff you said in the tub," I clarified.

"All of it," Andrea said innocently.

"Come on," I insisted.

She just answered by biting my nipple, causing me to yelp again.

We played around thus for awhile. Then we got sleepy and dozed off together, in each other's arms. I slept peacefully with the little blue-haired nymph on top of me.

I'm getting on well with both girls. I know they only brought me here for sex (not that I'm complaining), but I wonder if something rare is beginning here.

We'll see.