 She was laying on her back across the bed, arms above her head so that her breasts were blatantly on display, and her legs were carelessly resting wide apart with his warm hand cupping her wet, plump pussy. 

“You are the sexiest woman in the world,” he said huskily. He couldn’t believe she had come while giving him head. In all their years together he couldn’t remember wanting to make her scream out her pleasure as much as he did at this moment. 

He leaned over the bed, his entire body resting on top of hers. He kissed her again and could still taste himself on her lips. It made him moan as he broke off the kiss and whispered in her ear. 

“Angel, I’m going to make you come like you never have before.” 

He heard her breath hitch as he rolled off of her and started lightly stroking her face, her shoulders, down her throat to her breasts. He used his fingertips to trace all around each breast in narrowing circles, watching as her nipples hardened in anticipation. Goosebumps broke out all over her body and she shivered. He stopped his caressing and she moaned in disapproval. 

“Patience darling, it will be worth the wait.” He chuckled as he moved to sit between her legs, her thighs resting on either side of his hips. The lips of her pussy were spread wide open to him, glistening with her cum. His cock twitched as he deeply inhaled her scent. It was enticing, lusciously and irresistibly enticing. He stared down the length of her thinking about all the things he wanted to do to her body. 

“Keep your arms above your head and your eyes closed.” 

He reached up and cupped her breasts in his hands and kneaded them softy. He grazed his thumbs over her nipples. He could sense her struggling to stifle her moans. He lightly pinched her nipples. 

“You will not hold back from me little girl. Let me hear your moans.” 

He pinched her nipples harder as he pulled them up and away from her body. She moaned low in her throat and arched herself toward his hands. He released her breasts and watched them jiggle as they settled against her body. 

“You know you have to be punished for holding back from me.” She tensed in anticipation and he watched her fight not to open her eyes. He knew how hard giving up control was to her, but he also knew that she needed him to take it from her on certain occasions. This was one of them. 

“Your body is mine to control. You have no right to resist either me, or my desire. Do you understand?” Before she could respond he lightly slapped the outside of each breast. She gasped more from surprise than from pain. 

“I said do you understand?” Another series of light slaps on the undersides of her breasts caused her to moan.

“Yes, I understand.” 

“Yes, you understand what little one?” He knew she was still fighting for control so he placed two quick slaps on each nipple. He could feel the hard little nubs as they hit the pads of his fingers. 

“I’m yours to do with as you wish, Michael.” There it was. The name she used only when she was ready to submit to him completely—Michael. She arched her back looking for more contact with his hands. He grabbed her nipples and rolled them between his thumb and forefingers, eliciting a moan. He released them and began stroking his way down her body. 

“Very good angel.” His hands traveled over her mound to the inside of her thighs. He pushed her thighs further apart and looked down at her pussy. God, she was so wet. He took his thumbs and brushed them over her lips using pressure to slightly part them. Her breathing deepened and she began to involuntarily move her hips as he stroked her. 

“Does my little slut like me touching her pussy?” 

“Ummm, yes it feels so good. Please don’t stop,” she pleaded. 

When she begged him to continue he used both hands and pulled on her labia, opening her up so that he could see her entirely. He took his thumbs and firmly stroked her from the bottom of her clit to her hole, his fingers gliding easily because of her arousal. She was so wet that his thumbs were dipping into her hole when he hit the bottom of each stroke. Her hips were moving insistently now and she was continually moaning. She was on the verge of coming when with one final stroke he pulled his hands away from her. 

“Not yet angel. You will come on my mouth and not a moment before I tell you that you may.” She groaned in frustration as she felt him move away from her. 

“Lift up your hips.” She did and he placed two pillows under her ass, elevating her pussy into the perfect position for him. Before he moved back down the bed, he bent over and gave each of her nipples a kiss, suck, and nip—just enough to make her want more. A grin broke across his face when he noticed her struggle to keep from grabbing his head and holding him to her breast. Yes, she was getting to the point where she would do anything in order to satisfy her lust. He finally settled between her legs and placed his hands on her thighs. He used his thumbs to open her cunt and blew on her exposed clit. 

“Oh my god…”

“You may play with your tits while I eat you, Angel. And remember, don’t you dare hold back from me, or I may not let you come at all.” 

When she lowered her hands to her breasts and started pinching her nipples, he leaned in and showered her cunt with wet open-mouthed kisses, lightly brushing his tongue against her steamy flesh. She tasted earthy, creamy, and slightly tangy – the taste of Rae. He craved it like a drowning man craves oxygen. 

He placed a hand firmly on her pubic bone to control the movement of her hips as he proceeded to play with her pussy lips. Each time he took one into his mouth he would nibble and suck on it, causing loud moans to escape from her. The more he sucked, the more her pussy opened up, seemingly returning his wet kisses as the moisture started to flow out of her. She was fighting to move her hips and force him to touch her aching clit. 

“Are you getting impatient again little one? “ he asked as he used his hand to spread her open and expose her fully to him. He pulled his head back when she began whimpering and saw her furiously kneading her breasts. 

“I can’t hear you, love,” he said as he gently tapped on her clit with the tips of his fingers, increasing the speed and pressure of his touch as he waited for her response. 

“Please Michael,” she gasped. 

He started a firm circular motion on her clit, denying her the pleasure of his tongue until he heard her moan loudly. Satisfied that he had made his point, he finally returned to his place between her legs and with a flat tongue licked the entire length of her. When he reached her clit he swirled his tongue around it and gave it a gentle suck. 

“Yesss, “she hissed. “Don’t stop, please, don’t stop.” 

He licked her slowly again and again, stiffening his tongue, dipping into her hole and finishing by sucking her clit. With each downward movement, he would suck her juices into his mouth, drinking her arousal. Her moans were getting louder and more desperate. He knew she was building to a massive orgasm so he took one knuckle and gently massaged the outer rim of her hole, only slightly inserting and rotating it. After his knuckle was soaked, he inserted one finger and began slowly fucking her with it as he latched onto her clit and began sucking. 

“Oh fuck,” she groaned. 

His finger was gliding in and out of her easily so he added another and increased the depth and force of his thrusts. Her hips were moving constantly and her breathing was shallow and quick. 

He curled his fingers inside her and sought out her g-spot. It was swollen and he could feel it get larger as he alternately stroked and tapped on it. “Oh,” she moaned loudly, “I’m going to come if you keep doing that.” He reluctantly stopped sucking her clit and looked at her. She had stopped tweaking her nipples and was now gripping the sheets as she struggled to hold her orgasm at bay. 

“Not yet angel. I want you to lift yourself up on your elbows and look at what I am doing to you. You will look into my eyes as I make you come.” He never stopped stroking her as she raised herself to get a better view. 

He leaned his head down again and latched onto her clit once more. He looked up at her and could see the lust shining in her eyes. His fingers began a more persistent rhythm as he gently took her clit between his teeth and lightly bit down, lashing his tongue against the quivering little bud. Her hips jerked upward and he had to fight to keep his mouth attached to her pussy. 

“Ahhh…Please, I have to come, please let me come…”

He was watching her face contort as she neared her orgasm. Her hair was plastered against her face, a fine sheen of sweat covering her entire body. Her breasts rose and fell at a rapid rate. She looked beautiful and sexy and absolutely wanton. He moaned as he thought about her finally releasing her cream into his waiting mouth. The vibration caused her to catch her breath as a deep growl erupted from her throat. 

He added another finger to the stroking and tapping he was performing on her g-spot. His teeth once again clasped her clit as he sucked on her furiously. He reached up with his free hand and grabbed her nipple. He pinched it firmly as he increased the suction on her clit and the fiercely rhythmic prodding of his fingers. 

“NOW angel, come for me,” he growled against her cunt. 

Upon hearing the words, she finally allowed herself to fall into the most intense orgasm he had ever witnessed her have. He felt her pussy clamp down on his fingers and her clit throb in his mouth. Her body went rigid with one final upward thrust of her hips and seemed to vibrate as she looked directly into his eyes and screamed. The world fell away and the only things that mattered were her pussy, his tongue, and his fingers. 

He could feel the contractions of her pussy and continued to stroke her. He alternated between sucking on her clit and lashing it with his tongue as she rode out her orgasm. She finally collapsed against the bed and was still moaning low in her throat as he slowly started to kiss her pussy and lap up her juices. He closed his eyes as he savored the taste of Rae, his angel. It was more sensual and intoxicating than the finest wine in the world. 

He finally moved up to lie next to her on the bed, his hand cupping her pussy gently. He placed kisses on her breasts and neck as he moved to look directly into her face. There were tears in her eyes and she looked up at with him with such love in her eyes that he felt humbled. He bent down to kiss her deeply and could feel her tongue trace his lips as she sought to taste herself on him. 

“You pleased me greatly, angel. Now rest because we have two months to make up for and you will need your strength.” He gathered her in his arms and smiled when he heard her purr as she snuggled into his side. He closed his eyes and held her close knowing that this was where he was meant to be.