 I opened my eyes when I felt the hands on my legs, sliding slowly up over my knees and thighs. I then felt you slide your hands up to the top of my boxers just as I cleared the sleep from my eyes and I knew exactly what you wanted, and you began working my boxers down slowly, me arching slightly to let you get them off of me. You tossed them aside, then tossed a leg over one of mine and lowered your pussy and your breasts over my leg, starting at the calf, then up over my knee. Your hand found my cock, which was hard as hell by now, and you began stroking me for a moment before you lifted your leg even more and straddled me.

You grasped and slowly guided my cock into you and dropped your pussy down on me all the way to the hilt of my cock. You began riding me hard right away, grinding yourself down into me hard and fast, leaning back little by little, your hands on the bed, helping you to bend my cock little by little. I bring my hands up to your breasts and I pull you down onto me, then I wrap my arms around you and I slide my hands down and grab your ass. I use the handfuls of ass that I have to begin pulling you up and pressing you down with it as you rock atop me harder and faster with each second. It seems like my cock is going to punch through you any second as you keep dropping down on my cock and raising up.

You manage to break free of my arms and you keep working yourself down onto me while leaning back farther and farther with each thrust into you. My hands find your breasts again and I sit up slightly, pulling you to me again and I begin sucking on your breasts, first the left, rolling my tongue around it from base to the nipple. I then run my tongue down between your breasts and begin rolling it around your right breast and I stop just below your nipple and I begin playing with your nipple ring with my tongue. You then grab my hair and tilt my head back, then you press me back to the bed as you ride me harder than ever before, dropping your pussy down on me hard and pressing it into me as hard as you can while rocking back and forth atop me. As hard as I am and as deep as I am into you, it doesn’t take long for the two of us to cum hard. With you arching back and letting out a cry of ecstasy and I thrusting up into you hard and grunting loud while blowing my load into you. 

You collapse to the side and somehow I stay hard inside you, rolling with you and then finally rolling on top of, sliding between your thighs nice and deep, but laying there for a few moments on top of you, kissing your neck while my hands rub your sides gently. I arch up high and drive my cock back into you hard and deep, causing you to moan nice and loud. Your hands move to my back and you begin digging your nails in. I grab your hands at the elbows and I pry them from me, then I slide my hands to your wrists and I pin your hands to the bed. I begin working myself down into you hard pressing my pelvic bone down onto yours hard, rubbing them together and creating heat as our skin rubs together hard. I smile as you moan louder and louder with each thrust and begin calling out my name.

You try to bring your hands from the bed, but instead I keep them pinned down, then I direct them to the headboard and I don’t let go until you wrap your hands around the headboard and dig your nails in. I continue to pound away at your pussy with my cock, trying as though I could to drive myself deeper and deeper into you. I bring my hands down to your luscious ass and I tilt your hips up into me, causing my cock to begin to rub against your clit hard as I work you over. Your moans become much more high pitched as we both begin to build up toward another strong cum.

Just then I pull back from you slightly, still thrusting but I bring my hands up under your thighs and I put them on my shoulders. I hunch up over you and keep driving my cock down into you, working it in all the way to the hilt and pulling it out almost all the way before working it back in. I keep driving myself down into you as your moans turn into screams of delight. We both begin to let the pleasure of the moment wash over us, trying to block out the feeling of wanting to cum. I close my eyes and continue to hold off cumming as best I as can. I pull away from you again so you can bring your legs down and wrap them around me. I move myself up to a kneeling position and pull you up onto me, letting you slide all the way down on my cock as I bring you in close. My hands find your ass and I begin letting you drop almost all the way to the bed and then pulling you back up so that you’re working my cock in an up and down motion. It doesn’t take long for either of us to be unable to resist cumming, and we both cum hard again, you grasping my shoulders and pitching your head back and screaming loud as I shoot my load into you and you explode on me.

I lay you back on the bed and pull out of you, then you snicker and smile at me and roll over so you’re laying face down on the bed. You begin sliding your hands down your sides, over those amazing hips and to your ass. You look back again and lick your lips as you spread your ass open nice and wide, rubbing it gently with both hands. I slide my hands under you and I pull you up, but I keep your head and shoulders on the bed. I work myself up over you and I slide my cock into your ass slowly, not trying to hurt you. I then begin working it into your ass nice and deep, driving myself almost all the way into you up to the hilt, causing you to moan in a mix of pain and pleasure as I drive my cock in and out of your tight ass. I keep this up for a few moments, until I feel my cock swell in your ass and I pull out of you, then I guide one of your hands to my cock and I let you begin to work me off with your hand. I finally can hold it no longer, and I ram my cock back into your ass and after a couple moments, I blow my load in your ass hard. I pull out of you and I head for the shower, then I clean myself off. I come back in to find you lying on the bed, almost asleep. I crawl up onto the bed with you and I wrap my arms around you, kissing your neck, then your lips lightly before the two of us go to sleep.