 A woman and her friends decided that they were going to have a night out. They headed to the local bar and knocked back a few drinks. Once feeling the warm and fuzzy comfort of a good buzz starting they decided to head out for some fresh air. While out side they noticed that across the street was a tattoo shop. It didn't look to shabby, clean and even friendly. Suddenly and idea popped into her head, she wanted a tattoo! She turned to her friends with a huge grin on her face.

"Hey, who wants to get a tattoo with me?" She asked.

Her friends looked at her with a shocked look on their faces.

"Are you kidding? Why do you all of the sudden want a tattoo?" One of her friends asked.

"I have always wanted one, it sounds fun and kind of sexy."

All of her friends just looked at her and decided she had enough to drink for the night as they went back in the bar. She stayed out side wanting more air and trying to get the guts up to go across the street. Just as she was about to go back into the bar she notice that a man walked out of the tattoo shop. He had jet black hair, tattoo's all over his arms, she couldn't see them well but could tell they went up over his shoulder's. He had on tight black jeans and a black wife beater. He looked dangerous, but not to dangerous. He waved her to come over but she wasn't sure if he really meant her or someone else. She looked around her but no one else was out side of the bar. Taking in a deep breath she walked across the street.

Once she was there standing in front of him he smiled. She smiled back not sure what to say.

"Did you want to some in for a tattoo?" He asked her with a grin.

"I was thinking about it, but my friends have ditched me." 

She wasn't sure if he should know that or not noticing there was no one else in the shop, meaning if she did go in they would be alone. He smiled back at her and walked back into the shop. It was when he turned away from her that she notice how good his ass looked in the jeans he had on. It made her want to follow him just so she could see him in a better light and talk to him more. She followed him and noticed all the pictures lining the walls showing all the different options for tattoos. 

He asked her

"Did you have something already in mind, or did you want to look around?"

She looked around some and found a small scull and cross bones with a pink bow on it's head, pointing to it she told him

"I like that one, I think it fits with my personality."

Once he found the stencil for it he led her to the back area where it was closed off and no one from the front of the shop could see in. He had her sit down in the chair that was reclined back some so she would be comfortable. He went back into the front of the shop again for a moment and she thought she heard him lock the front door but wasn't sure. 

When he came back he asked her where she wanted the tattoo. She hadn't thought about that. Looking at her body and trying to think of where she wanted to put it he busied himself with getting things ready. She noticed the way his muscles moved as he put thing together and got out the colors her would need. She started feeling warm, she couldn't sit still. He was very good looking, strong arms and big hands, she had also noticed that he had his tongue pierced. That really had her mind going. When he turned back around she had a rush of warmth come over her body and she felt very warm, and suddenly very wet. He smiled at her and asked again if she knew where she wanted her new tattoo. 

She smiled back

"I was thinking my right hip, kind of in front."

All he did was smile and nod. She got out of the chair and took off her jeans. She climbed back up into the chair in only her top and her black thong. He raised it enough for him to sit in the chair and work on the spot she picked. He prepped the spot she showed him and placed the out line of the tattoo on her skin. At first his hands felt cold due to the surgical gloves he had to wear. Then after a moment they warmed up. She took a deep breath as he turned on the tattoo needle. The sound made her jump for a second, but when his hand touched her again she was still. She closed her eyes and as he began working she could feel little shocks going through her. They all seamed to run down her legs and end back up at her pussy. She was getting wet and was having a hard time keeping her mind off of what he was doing and how it was making her feel. Her mind started wondering and she started thinking about his free hand moving up her thigh and pulling her legs apart. 

She thought she felt him move his hand, when she looked back down to where he was working he smiled back up at her and she did notice that his hand had moved a little lower on her thigh. Closing her eyes again she could see it in her mind. Her laying in the chair her legs spread and he was moving his hand up the inside of her thigh. She took a deep breath and slowly let it out. She could feel his fingers moving over the wet lips of her pussy and starting to rub her clit. With out knowing it she let a small moan escape and shifted her hips some trying to feel his fingers. She heard him clear his throat and her eyes popped open, he was done with the tattoo already. She wondered if she should get up or not. He placed a bandage over the tattoo but when she started to move to get up he placed a hand on her flat stomach holding her still. 

She could see he was turned on and hard. His eyes were dark and it made her shiver. He moved to the foot of the chair she was in and he pushed a lever with his foot and the legs on the chair spread open. She gasped when the chair moved and locked into a new position. The chair raised up higher so all he had to do was move forward and he was there between her legs at the perfect height to fuck her. A smile came across his lips and he moved his hand up her legs to remove her panties. She lifted up so he could remove them from her. He then bent over and kissed her hip's. He let his tongue trail down and started licking her pussy lips. He took his fingers and opened her for him to be able to taste her. 

He licked at her clit in small circles with the tip of his tongue, then he flattened it and licked from her opening to her clit letting the small silver ball from his piercing catch her clit. Each time he did she felt a shock wave run up her spine. 

He started licking at her faster, centering his attention on her clit. She was so close to coming, she ran her fingers into his hair holding him there in that one spot making sure he wouldn't quit until she came. All it took was one more lick and she was moaning and jerking her hips. She relaxed her hand on his head and he stood up. Wiping his mouth he undid his pants and let them fall. Before she could even open her eyes to look at him he was inside her. She gasped as her eyes flew open looking at a devilish grin on his face. He would pull out and tease her clit with his cock. Each time he moved on her her leg's twitched. Then he entered her, he pushed hard into her wanting to feel her around him. He grabbed her legs and had them draped over his arms as he gripped the arms of the chair and began fucking her, hard and she loved it. She could hear him slamming into her and it felt great. Never before had she felt such force from a man. 

He was moving faster pushing into her harder, then she felt her self start to come again and he yelled and growled at the same time coming with her. But he didn't stop there as she was coming down from her orgasm he started rubbing her clit with his thumb making her come again even harder. 

When she opened her eyes again she looked into his eyes and smiled. She knew she was going to become a very big tattoo fan and this was going to be her only tattoo shop.