 The Teacher was written for Egealoveruk when I was Tinab123456789 because I fell for his charms hook line and sinker. (Before we became MonkeyBoyKelly and Otravez) Enjoy this story as much as I do.

*****

Seeing you daily when I dropped off and picked up my kids. Not letting on to you, but secretly wishing... 

Then one day finding you outside of school, alone, walking in the park. We walk past each other, you turn and greet me, shaking my hand. 

I am so horny and caught off guard that I don't let go and you have to request your hand back. I blush and give it to you. You ask if you can walk with me. I agree, as we walk your hand keeps bumping mine. A bicycle speeds by and I fall into you trying to avoid it. You catch me in your strong arms and hold me in balance. I smile this time and my hand brushes your crotch as I steady myself. You look into my eyes and smile as if you know all my secrets. We continue to walk and get to the end of the park. You turn to me, touch my cheek and ask to meet me again. I let out brazenly that I have the rest of the afternoon free. You run your right thumb over my lips and ask how free? I say as free as you want me to be. You put an arm around my back and guide me to your home.

We get inside and undress each other. Slowly at first taking time bit by bit. Then tension ignites, you ask if I am sure I want this. I nod my head yes and greedily kiss your lips. Our clothes come off much more rapidly at this point. Our mouths are melded together and our hands are all over each other. The heat for you is rising inside me. I get the last of your clothes off and take hold of your very hard and ready cock. I greedily take it in my hands as I drop down and take it into my mouth. I want it so very hard. I suck you in and out of my hungry mouth until you pull me up and turn me around. You bend me over the back of the couch, spread my legs and slide home in one fell swoop. 

My legs open and my pussy yields to your throbbing manhood. You pump in and out of me with such force that you have me moaning and coming for you in no time. The feel of my wet juices dripping on your balls feeds our fire and you pump me harder. Griping my hips and giving my ass one quick smack you pump a final pump into me and cum as your cock quivers inside me. I tighten my hold on you and coax all of your cum out of you. We collapse onto the floor panting, trying to catch our breathes. You turn to me and ask how long? I know what you mean by the twinkle in your Eye and I say, since I met you. After cuddling a bit longer we clean up and part promising to see each other again soon. 

I watch you working. Your smile when you laugh is amazing. I want that smile to be for me again. Our time together was short, I want you again. 

I write a note to you. Sealing it and a key in an envelope, I deliver it to your box at school. I then make preparations and wait. You arrive on time, I hear the key turning the door knob. You slowly close the door and come around the corner. I see the flowers 1st and then your beautiful smile. You hold them out to me saying, "That note was such a surprise. Looking at you, a very welcome surprise." I bend my finger and motion for you to come closer. Handing me the flowers, I smell them, take them from you and tell you how lovely they are. I place them on a stand and pull you closer to me. I kiss you. You taste of summer oranges, so sweet. Your facial hair tickles me. I stand and wrap you into a mighty hug.

I love hugging a tall man who is fully clothed while I'm not wearing anything at all. Your arms wrap around my back, you squeeze my butt at my thighs. "Yeah, right there, like I like it", I whisper. You caress me with your hands and I slowly untie your tie. Your head lowers to mine for another kiss. I growl as my insides turn to lava with what your hands are doing to my bottom. I get your tie off then unbutton your shirt, kissing each bit of skin as I expose it. When it is open I lick down your chest, belly and enter your yummy belly button with my tongue. You moan my name and pull me back up for another kiss. My breasts rub up against your pants, over your belly (and glistening button) to your chest. We embrace and you pull me closer to you and draw me into a very passionate kiss. Our skin is touching. Hot as we kiss naked chest to chest. I reach down unclasping your pants, opening them. I reach in and set you free. You have grown since you came in and are throbbing for my touch. Your grip on me loosens. I lower myself to my knees and take you in my mouth. My tongue is out and I lick and suck you, holding you in by your butt this time. 

You place 1 hand on my shoulder and the other in my hair, telling me yes, yes. I suck and lick at a quicker pace, I massage your balls and your butt alternately. The fires inside me are so intense I cum for you. I reach down and touch myself and offer my wet hand to you. Your eyes widen and you groan, taking my hand you drop to your knees. You lick your fingers and gently push me back onto the floor. Your mouth comes between my legs and your tongue delves into me. You expertly bring me to another orgasm. I beg you to fuck me, as you clean up wave after wave of juice. At your own pace you sit up, remove the rest of your clothes and lay on top of me. You kiss my mouth, press your hips into mine. I take your hips, push them up and guide you inside. 

I am ever so wet and the noise of it spurs you on. You whisper that you want it to last longer. I tell you we have all the time in the world for more later. I push my hips up into you, you grind down towards me. I cum again tightening myself around you. As you feel my juices squirt up at you, your load explodes out of you. We cum together in an explosion so hot and fierce it rocks us both. I wrap my legs around you, locking you to me. Our bodies stay entwined as we come down from a bit of bliss. Our breaths panting, our bodies nuzzled together, resting. Not wanting this time to ever end.