 I was sitting in a sort of cozy living room, many pictures of drawings or famous people getting inked were posted on the wall, and the place smelt really nice. It was a lot better than other joints I visited in the past month. Some internet sensation was tattooed here, which in any case, the place got a boost of popularity. I saw a biker and his old lady, both covered in ink. I didn't really want to see or know which part they were getting done today, I had my own worries. I was scared shitless, but I had to do it despite my fears of needles.

I had an appointment with a girl named Mindy, it sounded more like a stripper's name than a tattoo artist name, but what do I know, it was my first friggin time. I kept giving quick glances towards the clock, and as I was about to bail, she called my name. I swiped my sweaty palms on my jeans and looked towards the soft, almost childish voice.

God! That girl was the hottest girl I ever saw in my life. Well, to be honest, it wasn't a big accomplishment. It was my first time in a big city, and I am kind of shy. I was no virgin mind you, but some could say I was socially awkward. I'm six foot three and I weight two hundred and fifty pounds. Gym pounds, not fast food pounds. I am no douchebag either, I mostly keep to myself, I fantasize about myself being a bully for the bullies, I mean when I am around douches don't give a hard time to the geek squad, and yeah I am part of it.

She was standing there smiling like an angel, patiently waiting for me. She could see that I was really nervous. Damn I thought I would need an appointment, but somebody cancelled and Mindy had a spot for me, and I would be her last client for the day, she could allow me between two and three hours.

Her smile turned into a grin and she took a few steps towards me and extended her delicate hand.

"Hi, I'm Mindy, and I will be the one who will have fun with your body today."

I looked down at her. She wasn't higher than five feet two and weighted at most a hundred and fifteen pounds. She was wearing a loose black tank top with the logo of Iron Maiden, and a pair of tight short shorts, the blue jeans type. Her arms were covered with tattoos but what hit me the most was her beautiful brown eyes. Her long black Raven hair were tied in a ponytail.

I nervously took her small hand in my hand and it seemed to disappear in mine. She giggled and I released her hand quickly. She surely felt the sweat from my hand but made no gesture to rub it off.

"I am Joshua" was all I could say. She smiled and asked me to follow her, which I did. The way her hips swayed was the definition of sexyness, and her ass, oh dear God, I could follow her through hell and not notice the devil. She walked me to a small room, not bigger than an office, and asked me to sit on a big chair that looked exactly like one you'd see at the dentist.

"So Joshua, do you have any ideas of what you want?" She asked me while sitting down, her smile never leaving the delicate features of her perfect face.

"World peace?" That made her giggle again. I knew what I wanted. I wanted a tattoo, but now I wasn't sure anymore. I needed to think fast, last thing I wanted was to waste her time.

"Okay, let's go steps by steps." She said with a soft smile.

"Where do you want it?"

"My ribs?" I said without really thinking.

"Hmm can I suggest another place? Ribs is the most painful place for a tattoo, except of course genitals, so I don't recommend it."

I took a deep breath and thanked her for the advice, then I licked my lips and closed my eyes, thinking about what brought me here. I wanted a tattoo that would honor my late father who passed away a few months ago. 

"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen." 

"Wow, you're quoting Churchill, nice." She looked at me with a smile and I was dumbfounded. I automatically thought that many people must have that quote tattooed, but she spoke before I could say anything.

"I majored in English history, and I always thought that Winston Churchill was a little odd but so authentic, you don't see many people with Churchill's words." I smiled and nodded.

"My dad, he was a fan, and this was his favorite quote and his epithet. He died a few months back, killed in action. He was a policeman, and a good one at that." 

"I..I'm so sorry for your loss." She genuinely looked sad. I smiled and shook my head and explained to her that he wouldn't have it any other way, and I told her he stopped a bunch of skinhead from killing a young Indian kid and got stabbed five times.

We chatted for a few more minutes about the tattoo. She then asked me to remove my shirt and she grinned when she saw my muscular torso. Se drew the tattoo on my chest then added some smoke effect since Churchill was a cigar smoker. She asked me if she could add my father's badge in some sort of background effect and I told her to make it so she would love it. That made her smile. 

"Ok I drew it, have a look in the mirror before I start" I nodded and went to look in the mirror, and all the little details didn't really made sense with no shade of color but I trusted her.

"Looks good! Like I said, If you like it, I will like it." She smirked.

"It's your body babe, I mean you will be the one looking at it for the rest of your life... Not that I... nevermind." She bit her lower lip and asked me if I needed a bathroom run or something to drink, because the less brakes we take the better it is.

"I'm good, let...let's do this." I said taking a deep breath while sitting back in the chair.

It didn't hurt as much as I thought it would, I guess I have a good pain threshold. At some point her breast were pressed on my arm and it made me a little bit uncomfortable, but I didn't move one hair. From time to time I looked down in her tank top and the way she moved I could see her pierced nipple, and the closeness, the touching and the fact that I didn't have much sexual encounter in my life, made my cock stand up in my baggy cargo shorts.

She moved her left arm a bit and from time to time her elbow was brushing against my painfully erected member, and I have to say, I am a proud owner of an eight inches cock when hard, but she didn't seem to notice it, which was a good thing, I didn't want her to think I was a freak.

But all changed when she moved to tattoo my upper arm, she dropped her tattoo gun on the floor when she noticed my hard on. 

"Holy fuck that's big!" She said looking at my crotch.

"I'm so sorry, it's...it's not what you think." She was chewing on her lower lip while I was trying to cover it with my hands. Damn I should've worn tighter boxers. Her cheek took a shade of pink and her hand moved down to slowly take my hand off of what I was hiding.

She finally removed my hand and started to run my painfully erected cock through my shorts and my breath started to be shallow. I licked my lips and all I could see was the back of her head and her hand rubbing my pants.

She stood up and went for the door. That was it, I thought she would go get some big guy to throw me out. She could at least have told me, I would've left without a word. But I was wrong, she simply locked the door and came back standing in front of me. She tilted her head and spoke with a husky tone.

"Look Joshua, you have no idea how horny I am, so how about we help each other, I mean don't think it's the pain that made you hard...or is it?" 

I shook my head slowly, and she took a step closer removing her tank top, exposing her breast. My eyes were glued on them and her pierced nipples. My cock was about to explode. Was I gonna fuck her? 

She smirked and climbed on top of me, on the chair, straddling me and grabbed my face with both her hands and kissed me. That kiss almost made me cum, it was intense, beautiful and it seemed like time literally stopped. She slid down on me, kissing the side of my neck, then my throat to finally spend some time on each of my nipple, licking and nibbling. For me that was a first, I moaned out of pleasure. I didn't care if I would cum, I knew I would be tough enough for more after. But gladly I didn't cum, well not yet at least.

She moved off of me and placed the chair so I was sitting and she kissed me hungrily for a few long seconds. Then with a smirk she started to work on my belt, button and zipper, and removed the remaining of my clothing.

"Oh he he, wow!" She licked her lips and took my cock in her hand. She slowly and softly started to stroke it from up and down, kissing the tip from time to time. Her free hand disappeared down as she was struggling taking off her shorts. She seemed sad to let go of my member to stand up, but she did so she could remove her shorts and threw them on the nearby desk. In a second she was completely nude in front of me, and it was a bliss, she was so hot.

She grinned and walked to the small radio and turned up the volume, then she climbed on me and straddled my laps once again, and she took my face in her hands to kiss me once again. I don't know why she did that but it made me feel intimate with her, despite the fact that we were both naked and about to fuck, it made it more personal.

Once again she broke the kiss and stood up, but this time so did I. I did like she did and took her head in my big hands and started to kiss her, and she returned the kiss with a moan. I guess I was doing something right. My cock was poking a little bit lower of her breast, but I took her in my arms and lift her to sit her on the desk nearby.

She held me with her arms around my neck, giggling and kissing me. I sat her down and knelt down between her legs, that she opened for the occasion, and after I broke the kiss I started to give soft kisses on her body. I wanted to suck on her pierced nipple but I didn't know if it would hurt her so I licked them, and seeing that it made her moan, I adventured and I sucked on them softly without too much suction. 

"Hmm yes that's it suck on them baby." I did that, then did the same for her other nipple while my other hand was roaming aimlessly on her body. I moved my head down and kissed her all the way to her mound, her bare mound. I kissed over her nether lips, then kissed and licked her inner thighs, while my thumb pressed on her lips was moving on circularly circles where her clitoris was, sending her jolts of pleasure.

"Oh fuck, you're a keeper!" I chuckled and then I opened her bottom lips and looked up in her brown eyes and she looked at me eagerly, and I gave a long and slow lick from bottom to top. She moaned, I did it a few more times, each time using my tongue on her clitoris a little longer. When I was flickering my tongue against her most sensitive part, I slowly slid two fingers inside her now soaking wet pussy. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh ffffuck!" from the sound of it I'd say she just came, but since her breathing was fast her body was shuddering, her nails were digging into my shoulders but my hands were not stopping, and the pace was still the same, not too fast not too slow. Until she slapped my hand away from her pussy.

"Stop...stop...fffuck, Slow down hot shot." She stood up and wrapped her hands around me, on my knees I wasn't much smaller than her. She smiled and looked at me with sparkles in her eyes and kissed me again. Placing her hand on my cheek, she kissed me so passionately, that I thought she felt something more between us. But maybe she just does that sometimes with other clients... I didn't care, I mean she was a bomb and even if it was just one fuck, I was enjoying it.

"Stand up baby." I did as told, but the way she said baby was cool, made me feel like I was having sex with my girl, not just any girl. When I was up she got on her knees and smiled. She ran up her hands on my legs and kissed me on the stomach, running her fingertips on my sides, sending shivers through my whole body.

"You gave me an orgasm, something I didn't have in a long time, may I return the favor?" I felt juvenile the way I nodded my head like a high schooler. At least it made her chuckle. She took my cock in her hand, and started stroking it up and down so slowly and teasingly that a loud moan escaped from me. She started to kiss the purple head when her hand was completely down and it felt so fuckin good. 

"Hmmm feels so good." She smiled to me when I said that and then took half of my cock in her mouth and her tongue was twirling around it, it almost made me cum. Good thing I jerked off in the shower before I came here. 

She kept a slow pace with my cock in her mouth, stopping from time to time to kiss the head, sometimes to lick each side of my cock, she was covering all of it with kisses or licks and I knew I wouldn't last much longer, and she must have felt it too because she stopped.

She went to sit on the desk again and with a grin she wiggled a finger summoning me to her. I obliged and she seemed to be looking for something in her short and took out a condom.

"I hope its still good." She said with a smirk but I knew by the look of it that it wouldn't fit me.

"How about we take one of mine?" I asked while reaching for my shorts. She nodded the same juvenile way I did and almost clapped her hands. Now I was the one with the chuckle. She took it from me and kissed me hungrily, stroking my cock while kissing me and unwrapping the condom. 

She finally managed to put it on my cock and looked at me with eager, need and desire. I got closer and started to rub the tip of my cock on her lips, and teased the entrance. I saw it in a porn and it seemed to drive the chicks crazy. But apparently, not this one because she reached for my hips and pulled me in at the right timing.

At first it was really tight, and I wasn't sure if she was moaning in pain or pleasure so I didn't move, but when she tried to move, I thought it was my cue so I started to move my hips slowly and steadily while she wrapped her legs around me. Our lips were locked together, we were both moaning. For me it was a blissful pleasure, and for her it seemed to be the same.

I placed my hand under her ass cheek and I lifted her up, trying my best not to exit from her but it didn't work so well, so I went on the chair and she sat on me, sliding herself down my member. She still was tight, but this time it will be her setting the pace.

"Hmm you're a good lover Josh." Before I could thank her, she kissed me and started to move her hips fast, tightening her vaginal muscles and it made her even tighter. Before her I didn't know a girl that could do that, but I liked it, now we were both almost out of breath, probably from the pleasure. 

"Oh yes, oh God I love you, oh fffuck yes... Baby I'm coming again." She moaned louder and louder and held tightly onto me and I let go a last moan while she made several more as loud as the other one..

We rested in each other's arms for what seemed to be a short while and our sweaty body didn't bother any of us and my eyes were closed.

"I love you? Really?" She chuckled and got off of me when her phone rang.

"Maybe." She winked and then pressed the speaker button.

"Speak." She said.

"Hey, erm Mindy, we're all happy you finally got laid but, you may wanna turn the intercom button off." Said a voice. She turned bright red and turned it off after hanging up.

She climbed back onto me and rested her head on my shoulder.

"It's not a bad deal, hot sex and free tattoo, how about a diner date and tomorrow we finish your tattoo?" She said.

"Ok but can we leave after everyone?" Like I said, socially awkward.

"Baby it's open 24/7. Be a man " She kissed me and threw me my shorts and boxers.

========================

Sorry for the grammar

Sorry for the orthograph

Thanks to my auto-correct, without her there wouldn't be any stories.