 Running late from oversleeping, knowing that you won't buy that excuse again. Rushing, while my mind is racing contemplating what to what to tell you. With my fingers crossed, hoping you will excuse me. 

I get into the hall, of your classroom, seeing you stand at the doorway. The bell has rung, and this has been the third time, that I have been late. No matter what the excuse, your hands are tied. The school has strict rules about students being tardy. 

Slowing my pace, as I see you, the gorgeous teacher that every girl in school has talked about wanting to be with, knowing that would never happen. My mind begins to wander back to the real reason I was running late. I was trying to find the perfect outfit to wear. An outfit that would, surely get your attention. I hadn't heard the alarm on the first ring this morning, because I had been dreaming of you. My body yearned for your touch, to breath in your intoxicating aroma, to taste the delicious salts of your taunt skin, to feel the warmth of your body next to mine and when the clock rang, I was in the middle of seducing you! I turned the clock off and tried to continue in my dream to no avail. Only to leave the frustration build further within the depths of my essences.

Awakening, I realized that I was running late. I still, tried to find something perfect. Rummaging through my closet, I found a red tight fitting dress with a square cut neckline falling over my breast, giving just a hint of cleavage. Fitting snug around my waist, hemmed to the upper thigh. Wearing no panties underneath. Slipping on silk stocking, with red ankle strapped heals. Glancing at the closet mirror while I made a mad dash for the door, I couldn't help but see how sexy the outfit looked. Smiling as I shut the door.

I watch you standing at the doorway, thinking how spectacular you look. Your wonderful physic showing through your button down shirt and docker trousers. 

If only I could get your attention, for something other than being tardy. My body responds to the sight of your beauty, as my love nest begins to become wet, and my legs, becomes weak with desire for you. The thin material of my dress betrays me, showing my nipples, hard and erect at the sight of you. 

I watch as your eyes move down my body. Exciting me even more so. My body sways side, to side, sashaying slowly moving closer to you. Deliberately I drop my pencil on the floor passing slightly by it. Watching your eyes gaze over me, as I bend to pick up this pen. The hem of my dress moves upward, exposing the rounds of my butt cheeks to you. Turning my head to the side while I watch you. Your eyes fixed on the hem of my dress. I look to you and smile, moving my hand to my butt cheek and rub it slightly as I stand. Watching as your tongue moistens your lips. My eyes drift down to your now bulging zipper. 

Turning I walk toward you, my hips swaying back and forth. My eyes moving up and down your gorgeous body. Stopping at the door, with a smile on my face, and a gleam in my eye…"Mr. Patrick, I am sorry Sir, I over-slept. I was in the middle of a dream, when the clock went off. Not realizing, I turned it off... so atlas, I have no excuse." 

Looking at me, with what it seemed as much composure you could muster, "Ms. Barrett, there are consequences to your tardiness, we will have to discuss this after class." 

You then tell me, that the class is in the middle of watching a film. I am to be very quiet, and to sit in the back of the class. That you will talk to me shortly. Moving passed you, as I enter the doorway, slightly brushing my breasts with the erect nipples passed your arm, sending shivers throughout me. I walk quietly to the back of the class, but see no seats. Without thought I decide to just stand in the back until the film is over. 

Not really interested in the film, I watch as you move pass the tables and seats joining me, behind the class. Standing beside me, the scent of your masculinity emitting from your pores, driving me wild. I feel the wetness between my legs, building. 

Turning to me, you tell me that the class was given out their books, that mine was still on the shelf. I would have to get it, that we would be reviewing chapter one at the end of the class. Looking around the dark room, with only the lights from the film flickering, I notice all the students, are so enthralled within the film, they haven't even noticed the two of us behind the class. 

Thinking to myself, hummm what a wonderful opportunity here. You show me the book on the shelf… the top shelf. Knowing I will have to climb, a plan then begins to form in my mind. I think to myself, I may need help getting that book down. I turn to you asking, "Shall I get the book now?" 

Coyly you say, "Of course." 

Turning toward the shelves, stepping upon the ladder. Slowly I step up the first step, pivoting upon it. Turning to you, I see you watching me as I begin my ascend standing near the bottom of the ladder. I climb up, knowing that my wetness is exposed to you, slightly parting my legs as my legs move up the steps revealing to you my love nest. 

As I reach the top of the shelf, I then reach for the book, one of my legs, moves off the step. I can feel your hand upon my ankle steadying me, so that I don't fall. Looking down at you, I smile, seeing you looking directly up to my wetness. 

As I descend from the ladder. I feel your hands move slowly up my legs, weakening them. Electricity, piercing throughout my body from your touch, moving downward. I feel your hands upon my inner thighs as I am once again on the first step. Your fingers touch my wetness slightly as you move your hands from under my dress. 

Once again on the floor, as I turn around, our bodies touch. Glancing over your shoulder, I notice all the students still intrigued by the film. With a smile I take your hand, moving it to my mouth while I take the fingers that touch my wetness, one by one into my mouth. I begin to suckle on them as I look into your sexy, gorgeous eyes. First licking the tip of your finger, then swirling my tongue around and up and down your finger. Then taking each one... into my mouth and sucking my juices from them. Stroking the full length of your fingers with my warm wet soft lips enclosed around them. 

My eyes drift to your hand as you reach down to your hardness. You begin to rub the full shaft through your slacks. I move my hand down to yours, overlapping it, touching the bulge that has formed. Feeling the strain of your hard cock wanting to press free of its confines. 

Your hand then moves to my breasts, cupping them from on top the smooth material of my dress. Your fingers roll and slightly pinch the hard and erect nipple. Unzipping your pants, releasing your huge heaviness. My fingers touching the warmth, of your sensitive skin. Exposing your beautiful hardness to the warmth of my hand. I cup your gorgeous throbbing within my warm petal soft palm. Feeling the pumping of your blood within you, as I begin to stroke you with my hand. 

Your hand moves downward, lifting my dress in front of me, your fingers begin to stroke my engorged clit, my body yearning to feel you within me. A slight moan escapes my lips. 

You whisper, "We must be quiet!" 

Turning me around where I stand, gripping the ladder to steady myself. You lift my dress then whispering, "We must be quiet, otherwise, I will have to report your tardiness, and then you will be expelled from school." 

Rubbing your hardness, first against my clit, then against my wetness, my body responding wanting to push back and feel you push into me. Wanting to yell out, as I feel you enter me. Placing the head in me teasing me, as your hands move to my breasts. Cupping my supple mounds within your strong hands, caressing them, while you roll the nipples within your fingertips. Your other hand moves down to my now very swollen clit, as you begin to stroke it. My sexual essences building within the depths of my soul, as my clit hardens with each stroke of your finger. 

Your hips moves to me slightly, as I feel you begin to stretch me open with your glorious manhood. My juices flowing all around you, while you push deeper into me. The walls of my honey-pot, grip around you. Sucking your enlivened member deeper into my nest. Soaking each of your pores with my nectar. Pushing deeper into me, inch by inch, as my lips part to moan in deep ecstasy.

I feel you bend over me. "Not a word, you know the consequences." 

Pushing deeper in me with that move, filling me completely, and I hear you sigh. Gripping my hips while you begin to slowly stroke my entire being. Your hips begin to move in a dance, pushing forward, then holding still, letting my body adjust to your enormous size. Then moving slowly out, so that the walls of my nest tighten around your thickness while trying to exit. Pulling out till only the head is within my grasp, and the muscles clamp around its swollen tip. Moving in and out like this over and over. Stroking every bit of my wetness with each throbbing vein of your huge cock. In and out, driving deeper with each push to me. My body completely filled with your huge beauty. My sexual essences building deep within the pit of my being, wanting to explode all over you. Feeling you slide deep inside me, then pulling out. Teasingly, taking your thickness and sliding it against my clit, up past my now drenched honey-pot, up to my puckered hole then back down again to my opening and pushing hard. Deeper and deeper with each thrust, the heat of my juices surrounds you. 

I tighten around you, wanting to yell in ecstasy as you continue to stroke my wetness, with your hardness, feeling you sliding in and out of me. Stroking me slowly, seductively teasing and taunting me, with each move of your hips to me. Deeper and harder with each push of your hips into me. Grinding into me. Feeling my juices building with each stroke. In and out of me, my wetness so hot around you, tightening around you. 

Wanting to feel your hot cum deep inside me. You begin to stroke my clit harder, longer strokes with your finger, as you push into me, so deep inside of me, as you have fill me completely, stretching my opening to fit your huge thick swollen cock. I feel the throbbing of your hardness, building inside me.

Breathlessly you sigh, "Remember... quiet." 

My breathing becomes rapid, you know that I am about ready to explode on you, panting as I whisper to you, "Please cum in me." as my sexual essences builds, wanting to explode all over you, and wanting to feel you explode all in me. To feel your hot juice, spray deep inside me. 

Our pace quickens, I feel you push harder. I can't take anymore, and my juices, burst from deep inside of me. You grab hold of my hips and pull me back to you as you push deeper, and harder into me. Deep long strokes, as you fill me with your hot nectar, while mine surrounds your throbbing hardness. Long, deep strokes until you have completely filled me with all your juices and, all my juices have been released upon you, combining together upon you and, within me. 

I lay my head down upon the step of the ladder, as I am now drained of all my sexual essences. You stand holding my hips, slowly you pull away from me. I turn, and glance toward the room, seeing that no one is looking. 

Without saying a word, I kneel before you. Placing your gorgeous hardness to my lips, while I begin to drink up our honey cocktail. My tongue stroking every inch of your huge hardness, making sure to get every drop of our nectar, cleaning you completely as I savor all our flavors combined.

Your fingers touching my face, motioning me to stand, as we fix ourselves, knowing the film is nearing the end. 

With a grin you whisper to me, "Your punishment for being tardy... is that you will have to stay after class... so we can work on your ummmm shall I say, class demeanor!"