 The alarm clock screamed insistently from the bedside table, but this morning, Janie (known as Ms. Jones to her class of twenty seven-year-olds) sat up with a smile. Why? Because it was Friday. Oh, it wasn't the fact that it was almost the weekend that made her happy, or even that it was the last week of school before nearly three blissful months off. Unlike many of her fellow teachers, she didn't see the weekend as a chance to escape those little brats they had to keep track of in order to collect their monthly paycheck - okay, none of them really thought that, but you'd be hard-pressed to tell on a Friday afternoon. No, Janie had always known that bringing up the next generation, and the one after that, would be her calling. It's true that she would have preferred teaching the older set, but as one of her college advisors had, rather lasciviously, reminded her, she had to face facts. She was simply too sexy to teach adolescent boys.

Oh, it sounded egotistical to say so, but she'd been told that by more than just that old pervert. She had great self-esteem, but it was hard for her to think of herself like that. Sure, she was somewhat slender with an hourglass figure and pert, grapefruit-sized breasts that could have paid the rent. She had mounds of thick, wavy brown hair, matching doe eyes, and slightly pouty, kissable lips. She had long legs, shapely calves, and an ass that wouldn't quit. Still, she just hadn't wanted to believe it, until she did her student teaching. One week in a sixth grade classroom had shown her that, frankly, some of the boys just weren't going to be able to keep their minds on their work, so it was to primary grades she went.

She loved her first-graders, but, it was nice to have some help, and on Friday, she had it. Friday was the day that Oscar Mendoza, a fresh-faced college kid, came to volunteer in her classroom. At first she had thought of him as just some kid, though of course she valued the extra hand with her class. But after a few months, it was apparent that something was changing. When she looked at him, her insides turned into a quivering pile of jelly. God, he was... he was hot!

No, more than that, he was absolutely gorgeous. From his thick wavy hair and big, brown eyes to his swimmer's physique and broad smile, he was perfect in every way. Janie couldn't help but wonder if he would be just as enthusiastic in bed as he was in her classroom. She felt like such a pervert for even thinking about it, because she was older than he was - but, at 32, not THAT much older, she would remind herself, rationalizing her desire.

She had been able to control herself for nine long months, but as the school year drew to a close, she knew that she had to try something, anything, to get Oscar to bed. She was hoping it wouldn't be too hard - he was a man in his twenties, after all. Still, she had come up with a plan. It started with The Sweater. Every woman should have a sweater like this one, she thought. Her friends called it the Man-Eating Sweater. It was a striking red color that went well with her coloring, thin and tight to mold perfectly to her breasts, yet covered enough skin to be wearable anywhere. It had drawn a second glance from Oscar the first time she wore it, and she hoped for a repeat.

She paired it with a tight pencil skirt and low heels. A lot of teachers would be dressing casually, especially for the last day of school, but she wanted to look special.

-----

That afternoon, Janie saw her excitable kids off, and chatted with Oscar about the year and the progress they'd made with the kids. She checked her phone and said, "Oh, gosh, the teacher I normally carpool with had a little emergency and has to go straight home!" Just a little white lie, she rationalized. "I guess I'll have to see if someone else would mind giving me a lift," she said, as if to herself.

"I have a car, Ms. Jones. I could give you a ride home," Oscar said eagerly.

"Oh, would you? That would be so sweet," Janie replied, smiling gratefully.

As soon as they were in the car, she fanned herself. "Goodness, it's getting so hot these days, isn't it?" She peeled off her sweater to reveal a thin white tank top through which her lacy blue bra was barely visible. It was low cut, and her generous cleavage was shown off to full advantage. Oscar studiously kept his eyes in front of him, but she saw him glancing over from time to time. Absently, he flicked on the air conditioning - it really was hot, about 100 degrees, and the sweat trickling down her chest was chilled by the air.

She felt her nipples pricking up in the freezing gusts of air, and thought the nervous drumming on the steering wheel told her that Oscar had noticed, too. The ride was blissfully short, and when they had pulled up in the driveway, Janie turned to Oscar and smiled.

"I would really like to thank you for taking the time to bring you here. Would you like to come in for something cold to drink?" When Oscar hesitated, she added, "I just thought, since it might be the last time we see each other, it would be nice to talk about how the kids did, and your career plans, that kind of thing."

"Okay, sure, that sounds good," he finally said.

He followed her up to the porch, and she bent over to retrieve the mail in front of her door, feeling the fabric of her skirt stretching slightly over her shapely ass. Putting it on a bit thick, she reprimanded herself, but why not? He was still coming in, wasn't he?

She got them both glasses of iced tea, and they sat on the couch together, their knees touching companionably. Oscar seemed a little nervous. Setting her drink down, she rested her hand lightly on his leg and leaned in a little.

"Oscar, I just want to thank you for everything you've done for me this year. You know, it was such a help to have you there. Kids can be such a handful!"

Oscar's eyes flicked down and back up. He licked his lower lip nervously and nodded, a little too fast.

"Well, I really enjoy it. It's such a good feeling to be able to help the kids so much."

Janie slid her hand toward his groin, and felt Oscar's muscles tighten under her fingers.

"It's just so helpful. So if there's ever anything I can do for you, at all, to thank you, let me know."

"I, ah, mmm, that's really nice of you," he said, with some difficulty. A light sheen of sweat shone on his forehead. "But really just the, ah, satisfaction of helping out is enough."

"Well, if you're sure. It's an awful lot of hard work for a volunteer." Janie rubbed her palm on his thigh, and felt her fingertips bump up against something firm in his pants. Oscar groaned softly.

"Do you think I could use your restroom?" he asked suddenly.

"Oh. Sure. Down the hall to your left," she said. She sat back on the couch, sipping her iced tea, and noticed that it had been a couple of minutes already. Tiptoeing up the hallway - she wouldn't want to embarrass him - she heard the huffing of his breathing, and a low moan that he couldn't quite stifle in time. Was he masturbating? Damn! A rush of moisture flooded her panties at the thought, but it also annoyed her a little. This could ruin her whole plan. She hurried back to the couch and tried to think for a moment.

When Oscar returned, he looked more relaxed already, and Janie was sure of what she had heard. Damn, damn, damn. She changed the subject to his college classes, his career plans, his family life. Then, she steered it back into dangerous territory.

"So, Oscar, do you have a girlfriend?" she asked innocently. He seemed much more relaxed now, drained his iced tea, and answered her without hesitation.

"Well, I did," he said, "but we broke up a couple of weeks ago." He seemed kind of broken up about it, and Janie frowned a little.

"How long had you been dating?"

"Four years," he said with a sigh.

Janie's conscience gave a little twinge, but she saw her opportunity. Setting her hand back on his thigh, she rubbed it gently back and forth, looking sympathetically at him. She really did feel bad - four years was an awfully long time, especially at a young age - but secretly she was also glad he wasn't attached.

"What happened?"

"Well, I don't know how to say it, exactly. Makes me sound like such a jerk."

"Oh come on, you're such a nice guy, I bet I won't see it that way."

After a moment, he said, "Well, the truth is... we broke up because she refused to have sex with me. I know what it sounds like," he went on hurriedly, "but we'd been dating a long time, and she told me she'd had sex with her previous boyfriend after only a few months of dating. She was always asking me to go down on her, but didn't like to return the favor, and we'd been arguing a lot anyway. So finally I told her, I just didn't see how I could keep dating her without at least trying it because, you know, I guess I loved her and everything. Well, she said nothing doing until she was married, and I'm way too young to think about marriage! So I told her it was over. Sounds pretty horrible, right?"

Janie's hand had migrated up nearly to his hip without his notice, and she slid it down toward his inner thigh, squeezing slightly in support.

"No, I understand where you're coming from. Heck, a handsome young guy like yourself should be up to your eyeballs in pussy at your age." Her fingertips bumped the bulge in his pants, and she felt a little twitch against them. A little flush came to Oscar's cheeks.

"Well, thanks for saying so, Ms. Jones, but not a lot of girls seem to be interested in me," he said, shifting his hips slightly.

"That's because you've been in a relationship, Oscar! I'm sure there are tons of girls who would drop their panties in an instant if you so much as said hello to them."

"I don't know about that," he said slowly, his breathing quickening a little.

"Oh, sure they would. And at your age, well, excuse me for saying it so bluntly, but you must just be constantly horny with all those girls prancing around in short skirts. I can just imagine how, um, how hard it must be," she said innocently, leaning in conspiratorially and pressing her breasts gently into his arm. Then she felt it, his cock lengthening and thinking in his pants, pressing firmly against her hand. She pretended not to feel anything, or notice that Oscar had begun to sweat a little, eyes dropping down to her breasts and then back up to her face quickly.

"I-I-I guess you could say that," he stammered.

"In fact, well, it seems like it's pretty hard right now," she said, looking him directly in the eyes. She was rewarded with a deep crimson blush.

"Oh God, I'm really sorry, Ms. Jones. I just... I think you are really sexy."

"Listen, I meant it when I said that I wanted to give you something to thank you for all your hard work this year," she said flirtatiously, undoing his pants. Oscar groaned as she pulled his cock out, hot and hard and a deep red color. It was bigger than she expected, filling her hand nicely. "Mmmm, she knew what you have here and still wouldn't let you fuck her? Silly girl."

Janie stroked his cock up and down a few times before engulfing it with her mouth. She couldn't quite take it all in before it was bumping the back of her throat. Pulling back, she ran her tongue around the head while she stroked him.

"Fuck, that feels so good," Oscar said.

She slid her mouth down over him again, bobbing her head up and down. She felt it pulsing rhythmically with his heartbeat. Her hand stroked and squeezed the part of his cock her mouth couldn't reach. Oscar was moaning loudly now and she felt him tensing up. His hands were balled up into fists at his sides.

"Oh God, I think I'm gonna cum, Ms. Jones," he mumbled. She increased her speed, flicking her tongue over his cock head inside her mouth. Then with a shout, she felt his thick cum shooting into her mouth. "Ahhhh, fuck yes!" he yelled, hips jerking toward her.

Janie swallowed and sat up, wiping her mouth. His cock was still firm in her hand, and she squeezed it, eliciting another moan from Oscar, and a small pearl of cum oozing from the tip. She scooped it up with her finger and licked it off.

"Ooh, you're still hard," she said, pulling her shirt over her head and unzipping her skirt. "That'll make this next part even more fun." She shimmied out of her skirt, exposing her matching blue lace thong, already nearly transparent with her excitement.

"Yeah, I... wait, what?" Oscar asked, open-mouthed.

She straddled his lap and unsnapped her bra, tossing it carelessly aside. Her round breasts bounced out, pink nipples already hard. She pressed the soaked crotch of her panties up against his cock. She shivered a little as the pleasure arrowed through her.

"Gosh, I guess it would be more polite to ask you first, wouldn't it?" She leaned forward with a saucy grin. "You wanna fuck?"

"Ms. Jones, I really--" She cut him off with a deep kiss and after a second she felt him respond, pushing his tongue into her mouth and tangling with hers. His hands pulled her hips closer to him, rubbing his cock up against her lace-covered pussy, and they both moaned.

She pulled away from him to take a breath, and said, "Call me Janie." Oscar nodded and pulled his shirt over his head. She bit her lip, raking her eyes over his toned chest, then met his eyes again. He didn't seem nervous anymore. He was watching her body grind against his dick hotly, and when he slid his hands up to cup her breasts, his eyes rolled up.

"God, Ms. Jones - ah, Janie - I've wanted to do this all year long." He leaned forward and took one of her nipples into his mouth, sucking on it and flicking his tongue over the rubbery tip. She threw her head back, feeling bolts of pleasure shooting straight to her pussy. Oscar switched to the other nipple, but after only a moment, Janie pushed his head back.

"I want you inside me," she said heatedly. "Are you ready?"

"Yes," he said, this time with no hesitation. Janie pulled aside the crotch of her panties and lowered herself onto him, going slowly to get used to his thick cock. As she took in the final few inches, she looked at Oscar. He was watching, his eyes so dark, so alive.

"How does it feel?" she asked.

"Oh my God, it's amazing," he said. Then, as she slid slowly up and back down, he tensed. "I don't know how long I'm going to last."

"That's natural," she said with a smile, "but leave it to me." Her hips worked up and down on him, massaging his dick with her tight pussy.

When he finally said, "I think I'm gonna cum," with an urgent tone, she pulled off his cock. His breath rushed out all at once, and he said, "What are you doing?"

"Waiting, of course." After a minute, she went back to fucking him, loving the feel of him pushing inside of her, one thick inch at a time. His hands were back on her breasts, squeezing and caressing them, switching to her ass, then back to her breasts. Each time he announced that he was getting close to orgasm, she would stop and make him rest for a minute. The stopping and starting was making her hot all over, driving her closer and closer to her own peak. When she saw his cock straining between her legs, purple and red, and thicker than ever, she knew it was time.

She leaned in to run her tongue up Oscar's chest, tasting the salt of the sweat dripping down over him. She was feeling the ripples of pleasure all through her body, but she needed more. She took one of his hands and placed it between her legs. Immediately, he slid two fingertips over her clit, and she cried out. She pumped her hips faster, and he rubbed his thumb more firmly over her clit.

"Janie, ahhh, shit, I'm definitely going to cum," he said, squeezing the words out with some difficulty.

"You're gonna make me cum, too, Oscar," she moaned. Suddenly her hips jerked and she saw stars as she exploded in orgasm. Her pussy was clamping down so tightly, and Oscar gripped her hip firmly to steady himself.

"Fuuuuuuck," he cried, "I'm cumming!" Janie felt him spurting his hot cum into her, and it felt like he would never stop. His cock twitched inside her as it softened, and she tensed up, feeling it pressing into sensitive spots.

"Fuck, that was amazing," Oscar said. "So, when do we get to do it again?"

"Just like a man, always thinking of next time," Janie said. "You'll have to give me a few days to recover. We have all summer..."