 I became a professor of English at a small New England college for four reasons: 1, I had a lifelong love of literature; 2, I knew that being a college professor was a job where you did not have to work very hard and yet were very well paid; 3, I loved New England.

That's only three reasons, isn't it? Okay, here's number 4: I saw it as a way to sample beautiful young female flesh. Many of the young ladies were away from home and the domination of their parents for the first time—and were looking to exert their independence. I was able to give them that opportunity, During the 35 years I worked at the college before retirement, I guess I sampled 35 or 40 nubile young ladies. I tried not to sample more than one a year so that jealousy would not rear its ugly head, and I usually tried to do it only with seniors, so they would be gone at the end of the year. I invariably went after the prettiest ones in the most imaginative and varied of ways, and as I have indicated, I met with a great deal of success.

There is no question that the smartest one I sampled for almost a full school year was Alexandra-- and for one of the most unusual reasons. Alexandra, or "Alex" as she liked to be called, looked a lot like the young Bo Derek, with blonde tawny hair, a perfect figure and blue eyes. Alex came from a rich Boston family. Her father owned one of the biggest law firms in Boston, and there is no question that Alex was headed for a comfortable career in the law. She was planning to enter Yale Law School after she graduated form our small but expensive college. I had taught Alex in Freshman English, and now as a senior, she was taking British and American Poetry, which I also taught.

"Could I see you today after all your classes are over?" she asked me one day about a month after school started.

"Sure. Why don't you stop in my office around four."

"Okay."

I had no idea what she wanted to see me about, but it was always a pleasure to look on her, so I didn't question it.

She entered my office at four and sat in the chair across from desk. She was wearing the traditional college garb of designer jeans and a gray sweatshirt with the name of the college on it.

"I have a request to make," she said, " And I have to warn you: It's a very unusual request."

"Okay, fire away."

"When I graduate from here, I'm going to enter Yale Law School as you know. And when I take and pass my bar, I'm going to work at my father's firm. In the meantime, he sends me a generous monthly stipend, so money is never going to be a problem with me."

"You're very lucky."

" I know." She took a deep breath. "I've been thinking about this for a long time, and I've decided I want to have a baby. Of my own."

"I would imagine that you would want to get a husband then."

"I don't want a husband. Most of the men I meet are stupid and shallow and only interested in you-know-what. I just want a baby."

"How do you plan to do that?"

"Well, I want his father to be very smart."

"That's a good idea."

"And you're the smartest man on campus; everyone knows that."

"I'm flattered."

She looked me directly in the eye. "Would you be willing to be my sperm donor? I know from the bio on you that you're a widower, so there wouldn't be any problem with it upsetting a spouse."

I laughed. "You've go to be kidding. That's the most unusual request I've had in the thirty years I've been here."

"I'm not kidding. I've thought long and hard about it, and I would like you to be the donor if you're willing. I would be glad to sign a legal paper saying that you are responsible in no financial or legal way for the child's upbringing. You wouldn't even have to see him or her."

I looked at her.

"I would even be willing to pay you for your services if you want, or make a donation to your favorite charity."

I thought about it for a minute. A plan was beginning to form in my head. After all, who wouldn't want to fuck the young Bo Derek?

"All right," I said, "I'll tell you my fee. Fifty thousand dollars."

She sat up. "My God, I was thinking more along the lines of five hundred or a thousand dollars. I don't have that kind of money."

I smiled. "Then I have another offer to make. In my thirty years here, I have never slept with a student (which of course was an outright lie), and this is not a question of sex for grades, since you're my smartest student. This would simply be me doing you a favor. But I would want something in return, and what I want in return is for you to get pregnant in the good old-fashioned way."

She looked at me with surprise. "You want to have sex with me."

"Yes. You're a very beautiful woman. And as you say: There's no adultery involved."

She looked down as she thought about it. Then she looked up. "It might take a couple of times. We would have to do it during my monthly fertile period."

"I don't care how many times we do it. The more the better."

"And at no cost?"

"Right."

There was a long pause. "I really want to have this baby, and I really want it to be your sperm." She thought about it again, then looked up. "Okay, I'll do it. Where?" 

"Well, I certainly don't want to take the risk of going to a motel, and I don't want my gossipy neighbors to see you coming into my house. So I guess we would have to do it here, any time from four to six, when no one else is around. There's a comfortable chaise lounge over there against the wall which I use sometimes for naps, and of course, there's always the top of my desk." The very idea of that gave me the beginning of an erection. 

"My next fertile time is in about a week. Could I come by on Wednesday around four?"

"That would be fine." I could hardly wait. 

Alex showed up at my office promptly at four, and this time, she was not wearing the traditional college garb. She was wearing a brown plaid skirt that looked like a Burberry, a matching brown sweater, dark green knee socks, and low-heeled brown shoes. She looked absolutely fetching. 

"How do we do it?" she asked.

"I think it's traditional to first offer you a glass of wine," I said, as I walked over to the cabinet that was part of my bookcase. I selected a bottle of white burgundy and poured both of us a glass. Then I handed Alex hers. "Well, I know from your bio that you're twenty-two, and I am of course fifty-five. So I'm not as young and aggressive as I once was, but I assume that I can still get it up—even though I have not had an occasion to in the past five years since my wife died (another outright lie.)

"But you're not impotent?"

"No, I'm not. But I think I will need a little more stimulation than I would have required when I was your age."

She looked at me.

"And the best way for you to provide that stimulation is for you to take off all your clothes before we do it."

"All my clothes."

"So I can see you naked. I think that would do it."

She thought about it for a minute. "Well, I've gone this far. I can't go back. I did agree to do it the old-fashioned way."

"Right. And the old-fashioned way is naked."

"Okay." She crossed her arms and pulled her brown sweater over her head. She was wearing a white bra underneath it. Then she reached her hands behind her back, unzipped her skirt, and let it fall. She was wearing white bikini panties with the name "Alex" embroidered on them.

"You can keep your socks on," I said, "This floor is cold."

She reached her hands behind her back, unfastened her bra, and let it drop. Her breasts were of average size but absolutely beautiful, with little pink nipples. Finally, she hooked her thumbs into the sides of her panties and pushed them down until they were draped around her ankles. Her sandy-colored bush was small and trimmed to about a half inch long. I could clearly see her downy lips. 

"Now what?" she asked.

"Well, now I think it's time for a little additional stimulation. I would love to have some oral sex from those beautiful lips of yours."

"All right." She got down on her knees. I unzipped and pulled it out. Despite what I had said, I didn't really need any stimulation. It was already 3/4 erect.

"It's very big," she said.

"Thank you. Why don't you have a taste?"

She scooted over on her knees, took it in her right hand, and put it in her mouth. I would have preferred that she lick the shaft a little while before doing so, but you can't have everything.

She certainly knew how to suck a cock. She kept at it for ten minutes, swirling her tongue around, until I could not stand it anymore. I pulled it out. It was even bigger than before. "I'm going to have to fuck you," I said, "I can't stand anymore of this."

She stood up. "All right. Where?"

"Lie back on my desk and put your feet up. You probably could use a little lubrication, so I'm going to take care of that. Your little pussy looks good enough to eat, and that's what I'm going to do."

She did as I asked, spreading her lovely thighs. I sat in my chair and pulled it up until my lips were just inches away from her beautiful hairy muff. I leaned over and licked her nether lips a couple of times, then I pushed my tongue inside her. She gave a little moan.

She seemed to be well-lubricated, partly I think with her own juices, so after tonguing her for ten minutes, accompanied by her moans, I stood up. "Put your heels on my shoulders," I said. She did so, thus affording me a better angle. "Do you want me to fuck you?" I asked.

"Yes."

"Then you have to ask me."

"Please...fuck me, Professor Baxter."

That was all the encouragement I needed. I grasped the sides of her hips and eased the engorged head of my cock in between her fuzzy lips. I gradually pushed it all the way in, until our pubic hairs were mingling. 

"Oh God...," she moaned. 

Then I began to pump her for all I was worth. She gave little gasps with each pump. "Ah...ah...ah." 

After about ten minutes, I could stand the excitement no longer and came deep inside her. 

"I could feel it," she said with a smile.

"Good. I can feel you too. You got wetter." 

She actually blushed. "I know. That was a surprise—to me at least. It felt very nice. I've never had a orgasm that strong." 

"So that may do the trick the first time."

"May be. I'll let you know tomorrow. I have a testing kit back at my room."

"Well, in that case, I guess you can get up, get dressed, and head back to your room." No sense in keeping them around after you've fucked them, I thought.

"All right." 

I slipped my wet cock out of her, and she got up slowly and slid off the desk.

"What are the chances of a kiss before you go?" I asked.

Actually, the chances were very good. She walked over, I embraced her, and we exchanged a deep passionate kiss. There's nothing like kissing a beautiful naked girl to give you the beginning of another hard-on, but I decided I could save it. Finally, she turned and started putting her clothes back on. I watched her.

"Leave your panties here," I said, "I want them as a souvenir."

"All right." She picked them up and handed them to me with a smile. "I'll see you tomorrow." 

"Yes."

The next day, she waited until the rest of the students had left the classroom, then approached me. "I'm sorry to say it didn't take," she said with an apologetic smile.

"I'm sorry too. Would you like to try again?"

"Yes. Would today at four be okay?"

"It would be very okay. I'll be looking forward to it."

She turned around to make sure no one else was in the room. "Can I tell you something?" 

"Of course."

"You were right about doing it the old-fashioned way. I don't want to sound like a slut, but I was really aroused." 

"Wonderful."

So to continue my sperm donation, I ended up fucking her three times in October, four times in November, and only two times in December, since she went home for Christmas break. When she came back in January, I think it was pretty apparent to both of us that she was not getting the result she had sought, and I assumed naturally that she would break it off. But she did not want to. I think she was enjoying it just as much a I was. So I fucked her four times in January, three times in February, four times in March, four times in April, and a final four times in May before she graduated. Our farewell fuck, accompanied by a bottle of champagne, was really something to see. Luckily, I had secreted a camcorder in the bookcase, so I do have something to see. 

"I'm really sorry that I couldn't give you the result you wanted," I said to Alex as we stood on the grass after the graduation ceremony. I had just told her parents had much I had enjoyed their daughter during the year. If only they knew. "I don't know what went wrong."

"That's all right," she said with a smile. "You tried, and I really appreciate it." She looked around to make sure no one was in earshot. "Plus the fact, I have to admit that after the first couple of times, I was enjoying it so much I looked forward to it every week. Maybe I wasn't supposed to get pregnant. Maybe I was just supposed to have a lot of sex."

"Maybe," I said with a smile. Then I kissed her lightly.

Still, I felt I should have said something to her before she left. 

Oh yeah, I remember now what I should have said: "Alex, I forgot to tell you this, but I had a vasectomy ten years ago."