 To be fair, Anne really wasn't expecting that night to do anything other than open, or reopen, her listing on the swinger site she had made so many friends on before...she had settled down. In fact, while she sat at her laptop, sipping the blush pink wine, she realized that she didn't even have a photo to put on her profile picked out. 

"Hmmm...how on earth do I decide that?" She mused. On one hand, if she put up the one she had used previously, the one that she still had 8x10 glossy prints of from back when she would send her best story customers her autograph...well, that wouldn't be accurate to how she looked now, although she knew that tight fitting pink crochet dress would be a bit looser and cling to her in an entirely different way. No, it would have to be a photo of her now - honest about the years that had gone by. She had never been one to consider any of the extreme measures women often tried to stop the clock on their looks. 

Besides, if...if she actually discovered anyone left in this upside down Trumped America that still enjoyed the archaic idea of reading and writing about sex...if...a message garnered a reply and led to something that turned into a real life "meet and greet"... 

Anne had always disliked the people who photoshopped their photos or used ones obviously out of date. It seemed such a silly exercise to her, as one look in another's eyes often turned her on before she even noticed the rest of the body. Then, of course, there was the simple fact that she had been perfectly well attracted to men and women of every age and weight, every color or height, abled or not...in fact, during those pre-married days, she had found that the great variety in human beings was one of the things she was most thankful to God for.

"Well, aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself, Anne?" 

"Yes, Master...I know...Perhaps it will be all young people looking for other young people for quick hookups, not willing to wait for a Widow to step slowly into the pool from behind a laptop for a while."

"However," she paused, looking up into his 25-year-old eyes, "it is entirely your fault that having tired of only my hand to relieve my...tension...I am even taking this step."

The dark haired Dom snorted in laughter. "Anne, you know as well as I do that you have always been free to do whatever you pleased and if our little playdates were all you needed you wouldn't be searching."

"Save your late husband, I know of no one that ever even had a slight ability to satisfy your sex drive. It's been two years. Time for you to get back to being The Tease, and be happy, wet, orgasmic, and everything else that made your writing so good and your life so full. Have fun, and don't worry. I bet you will have profile views by morning." His lanky 6'2" frame gracefully slid from behind her, and he picked up his black leather coat. "Gotta go, kiddo."

The Young Dom let himself out of her apartment, and soon she had put at least a bit up on the profile's various areas, and was watching Netflix. 

"Hmmm, tomorrow, I suppose I will check and see if anyone comes to take a look at what I wrote." Anne smiled and zoned out to the show.

As the movie ended, and she closed out the Netflix window, Anne was surprised to see that she had inadvertently left the swinger site on and that she had already been "viewed" twice. 

"Wow. I didn't expect that..." she took the last swallow of the wine from the glass.

And nearly choked as she swallowed.

A Message.

"Oh. My. God." 

Briefly, she debated about whether she should wait until it wasn't so late to open it. After all, what kind of message might she be sending if she were to open it so soon? 

"Woman!" Anne chided herself. "Why not? What have you got to lose?" She laughed at herself for the equivocating her mind was engaging in, so unused to the idea of being able to be on the site and message back and forth in real time like on other social media sites. She laughed again, as she realized that to the other members, it looked like she had been on the site for over 3 hours. "If only they knew I had picked the musical over the Ebook on Victorian clothing styles! That would scare a few of them away for sure!"

He was about her age, with a kindly face and a warm smile. Anne felt herself wishing the photo was larger than icon size, so she could see his eyes better. 

With a deep breath in, she clicked to open the message.

"This is a very intriguing profile...you sound like a very sexy woman. Reply if you would like to discourse a bit on what you describe...My ID is PXA1960. I'll let your imagination wander as to what the "P" stands for in my name."

Peter? Paul? Patrick? Packer? Anne tried to remember the various names of schoolmates. 

"Hmmm. What should I write back?" she said aloud. Then it clicked, and the words just flew from her fingertips just like they had in her past.

"Dear P- 

Yes, I would very much like to perhaps expound a little on what is hinted at in my limited first few profile words. But it is very late, so I will have to wait until, hopefully, tomorrow evening. However, as I said, I have returned to writing, so perhaps a rough draft of a story I am working on will suffice for tonight?

My guess, by the way, is either Patrick or Paul. This IS New England, so I am fairly certain it is not Pablo! 

Good Dreams,

Anne

She attached the file containing a few hundred words of a new story she was planning to submit for publication soon, hit the send key, logged off, and smiled. 

"Mission Accomplished. A hell of a lot better than I expected!" Anne exclaimed as she turned off the laptop for the night.

To Be Continued...