 I had never been to a massage parlor before, but a recent game of basketball had left me pretty sore, so I figured I could use a little help in relieving the pain from a professional. On the recommendation of a friend I went to a little joint called Liquid Hands Massage. I was greeted by an attractive middle-aged brunette lady who told me it would be $60 for an hour massage, and that I could wait for my masseuse in room number three.

Upon entering the room, I took a seat on the massage table, without bothering to undress. Five minutes later the masseuse walked in. I couldn't believe my good luck. Surely this was the most divine looking masseuse in the whole establishment. Her names was Michelle, and her body was to die for. Her breasts look to be about a c-cup, her hips could best be described as child bearing, and her ass was just asking to be penetrated. But for as gorgeous as her body was, her face was even better. Her long brunette hair fell half way down her back, she had flawless skin, a perfect smile, and sexy green eyes that were looking up and down my still clothed body. After we'd exchanged pleasantries she got right down to business. Tugging on my shirt she said, "Well it's going to be tough giving you a massage with all those clothes on. Do you want to take them off for me?"

I was more than eager to acquiesce. I'd been spending a lot of time at the beach swimming, and I wanted to show this girl my swimmer's body and dark brown tan. I stripped down until I had nothing left on but my boxer-briefs which did little to hide my growing bulge. This being my first time, I wasn't sure if I should leave them on or not, but then Michelle gave me a little encouragement. "You should probably take those off as well. You'll get more of a complete massage that way."

My cock instantly began rising when I heard this. Maybe it was just wishful thinking, but I interpreted that to mean that I might get a happy ending, something I was hoping for when I had chosen this particular parlor. With my cock now semi-erect, I pulled down my briefs and stepped out of them. I caught Michelle taking a quick glance at my large dangle, but didn't say anything. For her part, Michelle slipped casually out of her robe to reveal a blue lace bra, and a black g-string she was wearing underneath. It took full concentration to keep my cock from flying at full mast when I got my first glance of that tiny black string running down Michelle's butt crack. She asked me if I would prefer to wear a towel, or just lie down naked, and being comfortable with my body I chose the ladder, and lay facing down nude on the massage table.

She began by working my shoulders, deeply lathering massage oil on my back, and repeatedly asking me how her fingers made me feel. She continued down my back and continued saying sweet nothings, at one point even saying, "Umm, it feels so good to run my fingers down your muscular back."

"Trust me, it doesn't feel anywhere near as good as actually getting this massage," I replied.

"I'm glad to hear that. I hope by the time we're down today your body will feel completely satisfied."

Her sexy dialogue was turning me on, but I became even more aroused when she walked in front of the table, leaving her hot ass a mere inches from my face. In this position she bent down to get some different type of lotion out of a bottom cupboard. The fabric of her g-string was so thin that when she bent down I could see the very edges of her pussy lips. The temptation to touch the smooth, light brown skin on her ass was killing me, so without really thinking it over, I gently ran my fingers over her right butt cheek. She immediately moved my hand a way, looked over her shoulder, and said, "Remember I'm the only one that's allowed to do any touching."

And with that she grabbed her g-string and readjusted it, just to tease me. By now I was sufficiently turned on, and she made matters even better by straddling me for the next part of the back massage. She continued to work down lower and lower until she worked out all the knots. When she was done with my back, she climbed off the table and began massaging my buttocks. She was kneading my ass like it was bread, and it felt amazing. While she continued to massage my ass with her left hand, she took her right hand and began to trace a line under my thigh, until her hand was on my penis. She began playing with the head, drawing circles around the place where the tip meets the shaft. She then started actually stroking my tip, but instead of cupping my penis in her hand, she did it by reaching her fingers down vertically like one of those claws for picking up stuffed animals. She did this for no more than ten seconds, massaged my ass for another couple of minutes, and then asked me to flip over.

It was quite a turn on knowing this gorgeous masseuse was would be looking at my meat, right after she'd just jerked it around. Also, lying on my back I got a much better view of Michelle, a view which would improve almost immediately. Before she began to massage me again, she asked, "You wouldn't mind if I took my bra off, would you?"

"I can't complain," I said, as she unhooked it from the back, and let her ample tits fall out. 

With her wondrous breasts now on full display, I was unable to keep myself composed, and my wood rose to full glory. I got kind of embarrassed, saying, "I'm sorry about that. I can't really help it."

She giggled. "Believe me, I'm used to it by now. Besides, I enjoy seeing all kinds of different penises."

Feeling pretty confident I asked, "Have you ever seen one as big as this?"

"Don't flatter yourself, honey. You have a nice dick, but I've seen bigger."

I was thinking about asking her to stroke it some more, but I figured I would just let this happen naturally. She resumed the massage by pouring oil all over my front side. She began by rubbing it in my shoulders, and working down my abdomen until her hand got to my penis. Earlier she'd intentionally splashed some oil on my dick, and now she took the time to lather it on my cock. With one hand caressing my balls, and the other stroking my joystick, Michelle focused on my package for a good ten seconds before moving down to my thighs.

This was all the action I would get for a while as she made sure to work the kinks out of my arms before moving down to my feet. From my feet she worked her way up to my cock, which was standing at full attention. With just the very tips of her fingers, she began to pleasure the head of my penis. "Stroke it for me, babe," I moaned.

She played with the tip for a few more seconds, running her fingers over it in a playful manner. "Does it feel good, baby?" she asked.

"It feels good, babe. Oh yeah, that feels so good," I said as she began to stroke my shaft. "Put it in your mouth."

She ignored my request, instead deciding to run both her hands all over my balls. While she did this, she started to kiss and bite my neck. She planted kisses down the nape of my neck until she reached my chest, planting kisses there as well as she made her way towards my nipple. As she bit and played with my nipple she stroked my cock from the base all the way to the throbbing head. The first drops of pre-cum emerged on the tip of my cock. With one finger Michelle wiped the cum off my cock, and placed it in her mouth. "You taste good," she mentioned before turned her attention to planting kisses on my stomach.

Her mouth was getting closer to my rock hard cock, which was throbbing uncontrollably. I couldn't help but moan as she started kissing my pubes, knowing that within seconds she would be hugging my penis with the warm insides of her sensuous lips. But instead of giving me a mouth hug, she started kissing my thighs. I had never been teased like this before, and for a minute I thought she might be able to make me cum just by tickling my shaft and balls with her magic fingers.

Just when I was really starting to lose hope that I was going to get my dick sucked, Michele placed her lips on my ball sack and smothered it with wet kisses, as she milked my cock with her hands. Once my balls were completely covered in Michelle's saliva, she planted a kiss on the bottom of my dick. "Lick that dick, you sexy slut," I muttered while she kissed every last inch of my thick shaft.

"Do you like when I massage you with my mouth?" she asked right before swallowing the spongy tip of my penis. She gently caressed and licked my mushroom as I ran my fingers through her silky, brown hair. I had never had my cock sucked so lovingly before, and it was causing my body to twitch like I was having a seizure. And that was before she'd gone all the way down on me. The first time she bobbed down on my dick she went about halfway down. The next time she made it to the three quarter mark. I felt like some kind of king with my penis being massaged by Michelle's slutty little mouth. Then she deep throated my entire sausage. She held it in as long as she could, all the while locking eyes with mine, and batting her eyelashes while her tongue danced around on my lucky cock. She spent the next five minutes making tender love to my dick with her mouth. At times she licked my cock like she was eating ice cream on a hot summer's day. Other times she sucked on it slowly. Letting every inch of it feel the wonders of her massaging lips, She even kissed it some more, while praising its girth and hardness. "I love how hard I get you," she said. 

"I can't wait to cum in your mouth," I said, praying it would be a reality.

What happened next really caught me off-guard. Michelle stopped swallowing my log, stripped out of her slutty g-string, and climbed on top of me. She sat with her plump ass right on top of my hose, but she didn't place me inside herself immediately. Instead she gyrated back and forth on my heavily oiled cock, blissfully rubbing my shaft with her sweet pussy lips. Her moaning became so loud that I'm sure that everyone in the adjacent rooms could hear her. Evidently she was getting as turned on by the massage as I was. While she continued to work my engorged member with her ass, Michelle bent over and began nibbling my ear before whispering, "I want to have you inside me. Do you want to enter me?"

I was to paralyzed with pleasure that all I could do was nod, so she delicately grabbed my horn and guided it in to her air tight pussy. At first she was a bit overtaken by my girth, and let out a loud shriek. To get used to my thickness she slowly rode up and down my pole twice, before stopping to bend over and start licking my ears. I could have died a happy man right then and there with my cock deeply penetrating Michelle's warm pussy. We fit together so tightly that it seemed like we would be locked intimately in that manner for eternity. I slowly began to thrust my thickness into her slot, giving her a true deep tissue massage, until Michelle put her hand on my chest and said, "Let me do the work, honey."

And that she did, as she bounced up and down on my pole, while also opting to reach behind her ass and tenderly play with my balls at the same time. This went on for all of half a minute before Michelle abruptly climbed off me. She stroked my cock two or three times, then said these dreadful words: "Your time is up babe."

"What do you mean?" I responded. "I'll pay for extra five minutes, or half hour, or whatever it takes. I'm not gonna last much longer, to be honest."

"I'm sorry honey, but I already have another client coming in."

"Come on, please? Just finish me off with your hand, I won't take long."

She placed her hand on my still erect penis. "You're more than welcome to make an appointment for next week. Beside, the next guy has an even bigger cock than yours. But if you really need to finish, you can stick around for a minute and pleasure yourself. I need to fill out some papers before this next client comes in. I'll do it naked. You can watch me."

It hardly seemed worth arguing anymore, so I reluctantly pulled my little guy while Michelle bent over a counter and did her paperwork. She knew exactly what she was doing. She had her voluptuous ass pointed right in my direction, and she suggestively swung it from side to side, all the while pretending she was doing it absent-mindedly. I couldn't bare the thought of finishing in my hand, instead of inside that hot piece of ass, especially considering just moments before she had been intimately riding me. I let my passion get the best of me, and I hopped off the massage table, and made my way towards Michelle. It took her a second to notice me approaching, and the second she did, I grabbed her ass from both sides, and pressed my hard rod up against her. "Oh my...you know you can't do..." she whispered before I could place my right hand over her mouth.

"I'll take it from here you hot fucking cocktease," I said while I rubbed the head of my cock in circles over her enlarged clit. "That's it baby, your getting real wet now."

To my surprise she started sucking my index finger, which was still covering her mouth. I half feared she was going to bite it off, but oddly this made it even more of a turn-on. Taking this as a sign, I slid my cock down between her labia like a credit card, and pressed it up against her opening. I had gotten about half of the head of my penis inside before Michelle grabbed it, and removed it from her delicious box. However, instead of letting go of it, she rubbed the head against the smooth, silky flesh of her buttocks, which was now glistening with just a hint of sweat. She did this for a number of seconds, before placing my mushroom tip right back up against her slit. She carefully guided it inside her sweetness, before I took over. 

For the first couple of thrusts I took things slowly, grabbing large handfuls of flesh and literally throwing Michelle down on my cock, making sure every last inch of my endowment got inside her love tunnel. This quickly gave way to violent thrusting, as I knew I didn't have much time to get things done before the next client would be there. At this point Michelle was no longer trying to hide the fact that her slutty ass was riding my dick, and she was moaning freely and loudly. And yet, this sound was drowned out by the loud clapping of flesh slapping up against flesh, interchanged with the sound of my hand firmly slapping Michelle's ass. I pumped faster and faster, drilling her like a jackhammer. The moment I felt the cum rising in my balls I blurted out, "I'm cumming!" while trying to dislodge my penis so I could cover Michelle's ass with my seed.

But, Michelle had opposite plans. The moment she heard the news, she reached behind, grabbed my ass, and forcibly thrust me deep inside. She held me like this while I deposited load after load into her savory pussy. I didn't remove my dick until every last drop in my balls had been emptied, and as soon as I did, Michelle turned over her shoulder, gave a suggestive smile, and wiggled her ass for a few seconds. The massage had been too good to be true, and this was the cherry on top. I grabbed my clothes without bothering to put them on, and fished a twenty out of my pants pocket. While Michelle was back at work filling out papers, I walked up right behind her, stuck the twenty in her ass crack and spanked her as hard as I could. "Thanks for the massage babe," I said walking out the door completely naked with a semi-erect cock.