 OK, OK, I'll admit it. I'm the person everyone loves to hate. I'm a telemarketer.

It's not like I set out for a career in annoying people. But I really needed a job to help pay for my tuition and, well, the money was too good to pass up. So I was willing to put up with the abuse just to make some cash. Unfortunately, I guess I'm not much of a salesperson, because at the end of my second week on the job I still had exactly zero sales. As I strode into work on Friday morning, I'm sure Mr. Hersh was well aware of that fact, too. He gave me a dirty look as I walked past and settled into my cubicle. I knew I had to make a sale, and make it fast, or my days as a telemarketer were numbered.

I slipped my headset on and logged onto the computer to start the day's calls. The first half-hour was pretty much the same -- hang-ups, cursing, name-calling -- until about my thirtieth call.

"Hello, Mr. Stevens? This is Amy from SaveAmerica and I--"

"Ah, just the person I wanted to talk too! Hang on a sec'."

I had never been put on hold by a prospect, but it was a refreshing change from the usual hang-ups. I peeked over my shoulder at Mr. Hersh, who was still eyeballing me.

"OK, who did you say you were?"

"This is Amy from SaveAmerica and I--"

"You have a sexy voice, Amy."

I had to admit that he had a rather pleasant baritone, too. "Well, thank you sir. But I'm calling to talk about how we can save--"

"Are you wearing a bra?"

I was shocked, to say the least. "Pardon me?"

"A bra. Are you wearing one?"

I was sure that nothing in our handbook covered this type of conversation. But I needed a sale desperately, and if this is what it took... "Um, yes. But I'd really like to talk to you about the long-distance rates you're--"

"What color?"

"What?"

"Your bra. What color is it?"

"I...I...I'm not sure," I answered honestly. I woke up a little late and in my rush to get dressed I just grabbed whatever was on top of my underwear drawer.

"Well, take a peek. I'll wait."

This was getting a little weird. I eyed Mr. Hersh, who thankfully had his back toward me while talking with a co-worker. I lifted both hands to the collar of my t-shirt and took a quick peek while pretending to make a minor clothing adjustment.

"White."

"Nice. Innocent."

"Yes. Now about your long-distance rates--"

"Panties?"

"What?"

"Are you wearing panties?"

"Of course I am!" I whispered into the headset. "Now Mr. Stevens, I am not calling to talk about my underwear! I want to show you how to save money on your long-distance charges."

"Well, you're the one who initiated this phone call. You barged into my house and interrupted me. So I will set the tone of this conversation until you either sign me up or hang up on me."

He opened the door just a crack. He expressed a willingness to listen to my sales pitch, and then maybe even give me a sale! So I kept at it. "Alright, but I'm really not comfortable talking about--"

"What color?"

"What?"

"Your panties. What color are they?"

"I got dressed so fast this morning, I honestly don't remember."

"Take a peek."

"Mr. Stevens," I hissed. "I'm in a room full of people. I can't drop my pants to check on the color of my underwear."

"Sure you can. Or maybe I'll just hang up."

"Oohh," I grumbled as I scoped out the room. No one was paying any particular attention to me, so I casually laid my hand in my lap and slowly undid the zipper on my jeans.

"White! They're white too!" I quickly zipped back up.

"Ah, a matching set. How sexy."

"Now, Mr. Stevens, how much do your long-distance bills run in a typical--"

"You sound like have big tits."

"Mr. Stevens!" I hissed again. "That's highly offensive, and certainly not an appropriate way to--"

"Do you want the sale or not?"

I did. "Um...big? Actually, no, they're kinda small. Now, your long-distance bills--"

"How small?"

I was getting aggravated. "What do you mean?"

"Your bra size."

"34-B," I spat at him.

"Ah, that's perfect. Personally, I don't care for girls with huge tits. More than a mouthful is a waste!"

"Mr. Stevens! Please! Now, about your long-distance bills--"

"I'm taking my shirt off."

"Fine. Are you paying too much--"

"And my pants."

"Your pants?" I lowered my voice again. "Mr. Stevens, you can't get naked while I'm talking to you!"

"Who says I can't? There go my shorts. Wow, look at that!"

"What?"

"My dick. It's hard!"

At this point, I realized that I was getting a little turned on by my prospect. He sounded nice, intelligent. His voice was very sexy. And here he was telling me that his-- Well, maybe it was time to turn the tables. "How big?"

"What?"

"Your cock," I whispered, glancing around to make sure no one was close enough to overhear. "How big is it?"

"Well, I've never put a tape measure to it," he laughed, "but my girlfriend says it's the biggest she's ever seen. And she's seen a LOT of dicks! She says it's at least eight inches."

"Oh my. Did you say EIGHT inches? Ahem. Uh, your long-distance bill?"

"Yeah, go ahead and do your sales pitch. I'm gonna lay here in bed and stroke my cock."

"You are? Oh my God... Uh, OK...um, SaveAmerica can save you hundreds of dollars on your annual phone bill." I could hear his breaths getting deeper.

"I'll bet you shave your pussy."

"A little trim now and then. But with your OK right now we can sign you up for our program--"

"Do you have a boyfriend?"

"Yes. And we'll start saving you money right away."

"Do you fuck him?"

Oh God. "Yes."

"How often?"

"Well, he lives on campus, so I only see him on weekends." I could see Mr. Hersh glaring at me again. "Now, can we sign you up--"

"So when was the last time?"

"Sunday."

"Sunday? And today's Friday. I'll bet you're horny."

"Yes."

"Amy, I'm laying in bed stroking my cock right now. If you join in, maybe you'll have a sale."

'Maybe I'll have a sale'. Just the words I needed to hear. But more than anything right now I needed to cum. His words had me incredibly turned on, and the fact that this conversation was taking place with my coworkers blissfully unaware just a few feet away had my pussy soaking wet. "Um...right here?"

"Sure. Just pretend you're itchy."

Looking around again to make sure there were no watchful eyes, I slid my left hand down to my crotch. I started to slowly rub my pussy while staring into the computer monitor.

"Do you suck his cock?"

"Yes."

"Does he cum in your mouth?"

"Yes." I worked a finger down to my clit, rubbing it through the seam on my jeans.

"I'll bet you like that."

"Yes."

"Does he reciprocate? Does he lick your pussy?'

I started to gingerly rock my hips toward the base of my palm. "Yes."

"And do you like that?"

"Yes!" Making sure no one was watching, I increased the pressure on my clit.

"Is he good? Does he make you cum?"

"Umm," I said, my voice now trembling. "Sometimes..."

"Sometimes! Amy, you should let ME lick your pussy! I GUARANTEE you'll cum -- more than once."

I was now rocking furiously in my chair, using both of my hands to rub my pussy. He had me close to cumming!

"Amy, baby. I'm gonna explode and second now. I'm ready to shoot my load all over the bedsheets!

"Ooooh," I squeaked.

"Your boyfriend...does he fuck you in the ass?"

"Oh GOD!" I screamed. I swear the whole room turned to look at me. I sat motionless for several moments until all heads had turned away. Once I was sure that I was no longer the object of my co-workers' attention, I resumed rocking my hips and rubbing my pussy. I lowered my voice before speaking again. "In the ass? No. I've always wanted to but he's a little squeamish about it."

"I would fuck you in the ass, Amy."

"Mmmmm."

"I'd set you up on all fours, and lube up your little hole."

"Uh huh..." I caught my voice rising again.

"Slip in a finger."

"Yeah?" I could barely control myself.

"Swing one hand around to caress your stiff nipples..."

"Yes..."

"Use my other hand to finger your sweet, wet pussy..."

"Oh, please? Finger my pussy! Squeeze my titties!"

"Then plunge my big cock right up your ass!"

"Oh yes!" I whimpered. Through the headset, I could hear my prospect grunting and groaning.

"I'm cumming, Amy! Oh yeah! Hot cum shooting out of my dick! Straight up! Almost to the ceiling!"

This sent me over the edge. "Fuck me! In the ass! With your big, fat cock!" I was rocking uncontrollably, my hands furiously rubbing my pussy as I shuddered to a delicious climax.

I sat quietly for a few moments, basking in the warm, post-orgasmic glow. I had almost forgotten about my prospect.

"That was nice, Amy. Thanks for calling. But I'm not ready to switch my long-distance carrier right now."

CLICK.

The bastard! He hung up on me! And didn't give me the sale! Oh well, at least I got a good orgasm out of it. And, I do have his phone number...