 Words seemed almost pointless at this moment as I watched my latest trick fumble through his wallet for his last $200.00. 

"Same time next week, Maxine?" he asked, pulling up his pants and zipping them quickly.

"Sure," I answered, shrugging my shoulders and slipping the crisp one hundred dollar bills inside my bra.

The room reaked of sweat and sex and lust and greed and it made me nauseous the longer I stayed in there.

"You were real good tonight, honey," he said, giving me a wink as I walked out.

My name's Maxine, I'm 19 years old and I've been a hooker for a year, and this is my story. My mom and dad got a divorce when I was 16 and I've basically been on my own since. I wasn't really a fan of being shuffled from one house to the next, so, at 18, I ran away. I ran as far as $400 would take me, which, I found out, wasn't far, but it was far enough to leave my past semi-comfortably behind me. I met Gina a couple weeks later and she hooked me up with a job at a diner she worked at. The hours were lousy and the customers weren't that friendly, but, it helped me to afford a small, one bedroom flat just outside of town. My apartment didn't have furniture and most nights my only company was the rats that ran in and out of the holes in my walls, but, it was mine and I wasn't at home with Hekyl and Jekyl, otherwise known as my parents. 

After Gina quit, I stayed on. She met a truck driver that swept her off her feet and they moved to Mexico. I found the job to be even more of a pain in the ass without Gina there to keep me grounded. The tips got worse and I never seemed to make it to work on time. Finally, I lost my job and eventually my rat infested apartment. I was back out on the streets again and I was scared. And then, fate intervened. 

"You got a light?" asked a tall, thin, very handsome man.

"No, sorry, I don't smoke," I said, careful not to make eye contact with the stranger.

"Oh, well, that's probably for the best. I really shouldn't smoke anyway," he said, shoving the cigarette pack into his pant's pocket. 

I took a few steps forward and away from him, not really sure what he had in mind.

"My name's Brad," he said, extending his left hand, which I noticed, was covered in diamond rings.

"Maxine," I said, almost in a whisper.

"Well, it's nice to meet you, Maxine," he said, smiling and walking closer towards me, "Do you live around here?"

"I live here, I live there, I don't really have a set address," I said, shoving my cold hands inside my ripped jacket pockets.

"Well, it's pretty cold out here for you to be wandering the streets, Maxine, wanna come to my apartment and warm up for a little while?" he asked.

To this day, I can NOT tell you what allowed me to say yes, but I did and very quickly, I might add. Maybe it was the cold. Maybe it was because I hadn't eaten in two days and was hoping this stranger would have mercy on me and give me some dinner. Maybe I was semi attracted to him. Who knows? All I know is in one quick second I had agreed to follow him to his house. 

Once inside, I noticed that Brad had a hunger for the good life. As far as the eyes could see, there was gold and chrome and diamond plating on everything. He had mirrors and fine china and a stereo system I'm sure you could hear blasting at least 20 miles away. In the corner were several lit candles and a mini bar stocked with just about any kind of liquor you could ever want. I felt so trashy and inferior in this environment and quickly decided I had made a mistake.

"On second thought, I think I better go," I said, turning towards the front door.

"Nonsense, Maxine, please, make yourself comfortable, what's mine is yours," said Brad, taking my coat and slinging it over an enormous gold coat rack, "Help yourself to a drink, there's plenty of booze."

I didn't really want a drink. I wasn't really sure what I wanted at this point. I couldn't deny that Brad had a nice house and he seemed harmless enough, but, this just wasn't my scene. I had never seen such a nice house before. Everything seemed so clean and sterile and I was so dirty. My hair was greasy and my clothes were filthy. I had never been so ashamed of my appearance as I was at that moment. 

"Sit down, Maxine, let's talk," said Brad, emerging from the kitchen carrying a bottle of wine and a bowl of ripe, red strawberries.

I wasn't sure where to sit, I didn't want to mess up anything.

"Come here, honey," he said, patting the couch cushion beside him.

I reluctantly walked over and joined Brad on the couch, carefully crossing my legs.

"You are a beautiful girl, Maxine. How old are you, seventeen, eighteen?" he asked, pouring us both a glass of wine.

"I just turned nineteen," I answered, slowly sipping the sweet, chilled wine.

"Lovely age," purred Brad, sitting back and relaxing against the overstuffed couch backing.

"I guess," I answered, "But, it's not so lovely when you have nowhere to live and nothing to eat."

"Well, I wouldn't imagine that would be a good life, especially for a young woman, such as yourself," he said.

As the night wore on, I told Brad my hard luck story all about my parent's divorce and Gina moving to Mexico and me losing that crappy, dead end job. As embarrassing as it was to admit that I was living on the streets, Brad never said or did anything to make me feel trashy or low. 

"Such a beautiful girl to be living such a hard life," whispered Brad, gently running his fingers through my long, brunette hair.

I closed my eyes and pictured myself lying on some sandy, sunny beach, hearing the waves crash and the seagulls gossip as they flew overhead. I was so lost in thought that I hadn't even realized that Brad's hand had moved from my hair to between my legs.

"Brad!! What are you doing?" I asked, jumping up and almost spilling my glass of wine.

"Relax, Maxine, nothing's going to happen here tonight that you don't want to happen, okay?" he said, gently massaging my inner thighs.

I nodded my head yes and slowly sank back into the warm, inviting embrace of his overstuffed couch. I placed my feet up on the marble coffee table, a bit ashamed that the polish on my toenails was beginning to chip off. 

"I could make you into one hot piece of ass, Maxine," whispered Brad, gently nibbling on my earlobe.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Look around you, baby," he said, "You think all this came with this house? Hell no, this house is my blood, sweat and tears."

Although I was still confused, I decided it was probably a good idea not to seem too stupid, so, I went along and agreed that Brad definitely had an awesome house. 

"You see, Maxine, what I mean by making you a hot piece of ass is simple. I wanna put you back out on the streets, but, at the end of the night, you would come home to me, here," said Brad, giving me an almost wicked side glance as he poured himself another glass of wine.

"You mean?" ....... I began.

"That's right, baby, I know you're old enough to know what a hooker is, I mean hell, look at you, your body's booming and you've got a face that could have only been meant for greatness. Your teeth are beautiful, your hair is perfect and those tits, my God, those tits have kept me hard since I first caught a glimpse of them earlier tonight," he said, again leaning back into the couch.

I was speechless. I had never heard anyone talk about me or to me like this before. None of my ex boyfriends had ever complimented me on anything. Their idea of being nice was asking if I wanted the lights off or on before they bent me over their bed. 

"All you have to do is say yes, Maxine, that's all," said Brad, giving me a very serious look.

I wasn't really sure what to say. I mean, yeah living like this would be the bomb, but, having sex with strangers? I wasn't sure I could pull THAT one off. I had never been with a stranger before. I've always been very shy about my body and have always hated my hair and teeth. But, I was also smart enough to know that opportunity, like this one, doesn't present itself everyday. So, with a deep breath, I gave Brad the go ahead and we began making plans. He wanted to take me shopping and get me checked out at the free clinic to make sure everything was golden, as he called it, and then it was off to the streets to begin my new career as a teenage hooker.

Brad and I talked long into the night, finally both of us gave in around 4 a.m and decided that the night had taken its toll and it was time to rest. After taking a much needed long, hot shower, I emerged from the steamy bathroom to find Brad sprawled out naked on his giant bed. He was lying on his stomach so all that showed was his ass but that was enough to wake up my pussy. My nipples got rock hard and I could feel my hormones doing somersaults. 

"Oh, shit, I'm sorry, I must have fallen asleep," said Brad, lifting his head and looking over his shoulder.

"Sorry, didn't mean to wake you," I said, standing there, dripping all over his beautiful, plush white carpeting.

"No, no, don't worry," he said, "Here, come lay here beside me."

He laid his head back down as I walked over to the other side of the bed, slowly peeling back the satin comforter, revealing even more satin with black sheets, definitely very sexy.

"I'll introduce you to the other girls tomorrow," he whispered, "For now, get some sleep, you're going to need it."

Well, that wasn't going to be hard, I was exhausted! I felt as though I had not slept in a year and that shower not only cleaned my body but relaxed me to the point of a near coma. I snuggled into the warm satin sheets, pulling the comforter half way up. No, I was not wearing any clothes and neither was Brad, but, at 4 in the morning, who cares?

Several hours later, my sleep was brought to a halt by the loud screeching of Brad's alarm. I rolled over to find him gone, but quickly picking up the scent of food cooking. I looked around the room and noticed one of his shirts hanging over a chair and decided this would be just as good as anything to venture around the house in. So, I slid my naked body from the bed and put on Brad's shirt and headed for the delicious smell of the kitchen.

"Well, good morning, gorgeous," said Brad, smiling and scrambling eggs, "Hope you like eggs and toast."

"Eggs and toast are perfect," I answered, taking a spot next to him, intently watching his culinary skills.

"Bobbi, Jenna and Melinda will be here in about two hours," he said, sliding the eggs onto two plates, "They're my other girls, I think the four of you will get along famously."

I gave him a cocky smile as I sat down, ready to devour this yummy breakfast. 

"Did you sleep well?" he asked, pouring us both a glass of orange juice.

"I slept better then I have in years," I answered in between bites.

After breakfast, Brad decided he was going to take a shower and told me to make myself at home. I decided to surprise him by washing up the dishes so he wouldn't have to. Afterwards, the warm, masculine scent of shampoo and testosterone quickly filled the living room. Hard as I tried to ignore it, my inner urges wouldn't let me. So, I quietly opened the bathroom door and watched Brad's silouhette as he washed his body. I slowly unbuttoned the shirt I was wearing and tossed it to the floor along side his pile of clothes. As I peeled back the shower curtain, Brad was still ignorant to the fact that I was in there. I quietly stepped inside and pulled the curtain back into place.

With his back still turned, I walked up behind him and gently began kissing his naked, wet back and shoulders. He quickly turned around, obviously stunned and scared, but, just as quickly, gave me a warm smile. I stood there with the warm water cascading over my young body, my hair soaked and my nipples rock hard. My pussy was bare so the warm water spraying onto it sent chills over my entire body.

Brad glanced up and down, examining my every curve. His smile told me that he approved of what he saw and that instantly put me at ease. He reached over and grabbed a large bottle of bath oil as he turned the shower head down a bit. I watched his thick fingers squeeze the wet plastic as it oozed a blue liquid all over his palm. He reached over and began rubbing the oil into my chest, around my tits then onto my nipples. He groaned when he touched my tits, immediately cupping them and leaning down to kiss my aching nipples. 

I leaned back against the wet shower wall and closed my eyes, gently caressing his wet hair and dragging my nails along his scalp. His mouth was warm and intense as his tongue wrapped around my nipples, gently kissing and lapping the sensitive pink flesh. 

"I've never seen sexier tits," he groaned, looking up at me with desire, "You're making my cock ache."

I reached down and grabbed his throbbing shaft, gently rubbing my thumb over the wet, enlarged cock tip. I could feel his dick throbbing against my fingertips and that only served to heighten my desire that much more. Brad reached down and slid two fingers deep into my neglected pussy, firmly, yet slowly dividing my swollen lips and inner walls. Gently, he fingered me, long, deep thrusts of his thick fingers as my knees fought to hold me up.

"Oh, God, Brad," I moaned, "Mmmm, fuck, your fingers feel so fucking good inside me."

He began fingering me faster and deeper. I could feel his knuckles ram into my pubic bone now. He was now a man possessed and I felt his cock growing thicker. We slowly dropped to our knees and I was immediately pushed onto my back. My legs were forced open and Brad now had three fingers inside me, completely intent upon popping me open. I arched my back and spread my legs as far as they'd go. I looked down and watched Brad's head moving side to side and up and down as he ate my pussy. His tongue was long and thick and knew exactly what to do with a woman's clit and pussy. 

My body thrashed, sending waves of water up around our faces. My whimpers turned into moans then to screams as I begged Brad over and over to make me cum. I could feel my clit pulsating and my body was somewhere it had never been. I reached down and grabbed a handful of Brad's thick hair, almost violently twisting it around my fingertips. My ass jumped up and down, riding his face and grinding my pussy around his mouth. I needed to cum. I needed to cum on his face. I needed him to taste my delicious, hot cream. 

"BRAAAAAAAAD!!!!" I screamed, over and over, the same thing, "BRAAAAAAAAAAAAD!!! OH, GOD!!!!!!" 

My stomach muscles tensed up and the room began to spin like I was inside a blender. My mind went blank and I totally lost myself in Brad. I came back to back, flooding his mouth with cream. The cream of a neglected teenage hooker.

After I had settled down, Brad gently helped me up to my feet long enough for him to turn the shower off. He stepped out of the bath tub and picked me up, carrying me into the bedroom. He slowly let me fall to the crumpled comforter as he stood there, momentarily, again surveying my body.

He walked over and took his phone off the hook and then climbed onto the bed, on top of me. His warm, wet flesh pressed hard to mine, making my tits almost flatten beneath his body. He cupped my face and kissed me wildly, pushing my legs open with his knees. He pulled the comforter up around his ass and slowly moved his body in between my legs. I looked down, watching his every move. He instructed me to reach up and grab onto the headboard, and I obeyed. He wasted no time cramming my young pussy full of his meat. He was hungry and his cock was too. He pushed his thick rod completely inside me until I felt his cock tip push gently against my womb. 

"Oh, shit, your pussy feels so damn good, Maxine," he groaned, gently pumping his dick in and out of me, "I've never felt a pussy this warm and tight before."

His words made my pussy ache. My pussy that was being treated so gently but yearning to be fucked rough. I gripped the headboard tightly until my fingertips turned cold and began to tingle. Slowly, Brad began to pick up the pace. I looked down and watched my tits jiggle each time he pounded his dick into me. My nipples were harder then they'd ever been, so hard they hurt. I loved watching them jiggle though. And, apparently, so did Brad. He leaned down and starting sucking my nipples again. He reminded me of a young baby nursing that could not get enough of his mother's tit. I didn't care how long Brad sucked my tits. His cock felt so good in me that he could have fucked me for the rest of my life and I never would have complained.

"Tell me no matter who you fuck out there on the streets that my dick will always be your favorite, baby, tell me that," Brad groaned, now pumping me with force so hard my head was bumping the headboard.

"Oh, God, Brad, you know your dick will always be my favorite. I'll always want your dick in me," I moaned, never wanting this to stop.

"Don't ever let one of those pricks knock you up. If you have anyone's baby, it's gonna be mine," he growled, "You hear me? MINE!!"

"Yes, fuck yes, I hear you, Brad," I screamed, arching my back and yanking against the headboard, "Only your baby!!"

"You prove yourself to me, baby, and all this will be ours one day, no more fuckin strangers, just me, every night of our lives," he groaned, showering me with his sweat as his dick jacked off in my pussy.

"I'm gonna fucking cum," he hissed, "Tell me to fucking cum in you, Maxine!!!!"

"Please, Brad, please fucking cum in me!!!!" I begged, half panting and half groaning.

"Oh, shit!!!" he yelled, slamming his dick into me, balls deep and releasing the hottest load of cum I'd ever felt inside me before. 

His cock swelled and twitched inside me as it unloaded. I could feel his cock tip pressing into my womb and that brought on one of the most intense orgasms I've ever experienced. My head swam and my mind went blank. My body tensed up like a board and my pussy totally submitted to Brad's dick. I couldn't stop cumming, over and over coating his dick with my creamy cum. 

After a few minutes, we both laid there, panting and struggling like animals to catch our breath. Our bodies were soaked with sweat and the room smelled of our sex. My pussy was almost numb and I was drained. I had no idea an orgasm, such as that one, could wipe you out so quickly. 

"You act like that out on the streets and you're gonna have us rolling in dough," said Brad, sitting up and lighting a cigarette.

I just smiled and continued laying on the bed. I was physically exhausted and never wanted to leave that spot, but, then came a knock on the door that would quickly help me find the energy to move.

"Brad?! We're here!!!" yelled a female voice at the front door.

"Shit," said Brad, "I had no idea it was THAT late. Maxine, get up and get dressed, baby, the girls are here."

Reluctantly, I somehow found the energy to pull myself up and again put on a shirt to greet Brad's girls.

I walked into the living room and found Brad, Melinda, Bobbi and Jenna all sitting around talking. 

"Girls, this is Maxine, she's gonna be living here and learning the business," said Brad, standing up and walking with me to the couch. 

After our obligatory hello's and how are you's, Brad explained that I would be going out the first couple of nights with Bobbi. She had been with Brad the longest and she knew everything there was to know about hooking. 

What amazed me the most? All these girls were my age! Bobbi had so much experience for her 21 years of life. She knew how to give blowjobs and hand jobs and she even fucked a cop one night while his wife was in the other room making dinner! To say that I was impressed was an understatement! I had much to learn and Bobbi was definitely the right girl to mentor me.

Brad instructed Bobbi to take me shopping and hook me up with some killer threads, as he called them. By killer threads he meant fish net stockings, mini skirts, halter tops, hip boots, crotchless panties and see through bras, a grand total of $750.00. I almost fainted when I saw the total, but Bobbi, she never blinked an eye. 
