 Gail worked in our main office as a temp when our human resources rep was on maternity leave. She was a cute redhead and very personable. Initially, she did nothing for me, but all it took was one particular article of clothing to get me to start envisioning her removing it. One day she wore this dress that I can’t describe any better than as an extra-long t-shirt. It wasn’t an oversized t-shirt, like a nightshirt, but more like a regular t-shirt with the hem down around her knees. This meant it was still nice and snug around all the important parts. 

It was light blue with dark blue trim around the sleeves and collar. It was snug enough that I was certain that she was wearing a bra and panties that day, which added to its allure. I know for sure that I went out of my way that day to see Gail as many times as I could and probably came close to using the office rest room to relieve some of the pressure I felt building up. I think I managed to make it home that night before I relieved myself to visions of her both in and out of her t-shirt dress.

When our HR rep returned from maternity leave, Gail was pleased to secure a job in our small branch office about 160 miles away. She packed up and moved away before I ever got to see that dress again.

Have you ever heard anyone say, “There are no coincidences”? We’ve all had those types of experiences. Here is mine – I had to do some work out of our branch office, so I drove up there early one morning and guess what Gail was wearing? That’s right, my favorite t-shirt dress. Unfortunately for me, the work I had to do out of that office was field work so I wasn’t able to sit in the office and ogle her all day. I made sure I spent a good deal of time catching up with her before I headed to the field, giving myself plenty of opportunities to appreciate the fit of her dress.

Later that day, when I returned to the office, I was pleased to find Gail the only one still there. I not only had the opportunity to ogle her some more, but, since I was in town for the night, I even went as far as to invite her to dinner. To make the offer more enticing, I threw in that the company was paying for it. She accepted my invitation quicker than I had expected so we agreed to eat at the restaurant in the lobby of the hotel. 

I headed over to the hotel to check in since she still had a few things to wrap up. I took one last look at her slightly plump ass in case for some reason she changed her clothes, then headed out the door anticipating a pleasant evening. I wasn’t expecting anything more than enjoying her company while eating and having a few cocktails.

Gail called me from the lobby and, after meeting her there, we walked over to the restaurant. The restaurant also happened to be a brewpub, so in addition to a great meal, we also downed a few fresh-brewed beers. We had a really fun time, talking about so many different things, but I still wasn’t feeling anything brewing between us. 

Somehow we got to talking about my staying at the hotel, with Gail revealing that she had never even been in it before that night. I told her what a funky little place it was, having once been two different hotels that had been combined, somewhat haphazardly, into one. She seemed very interested in the quirky edifice, so I offered to take her through it once we’d finished at the restaurant.

Once I’d put the check on the expense account, we headed upstairs and wandered the halls. Gail agreed that it was an interesting layout, with a few stairs here, a narrow hallway there, several different styles of architecture and interior decorating and a very old feel. Gail asked if the rooms were as quirky and, based on my experience, I told her not as much as the rest of the hotel. She asked if she could see mine and I replied that I’d be happy to show it to her if I could remember how to get to it. 

We wandered for a little while longer before I found the room I was staying in. At this point, I still wasn’t getting a vibe that Gail was trying to finesse her way into my room for any ulterior purposes. We were just having a good time and that seemed to be enough.

My room wasn’t anything special, though the furnishings weren’t your typical mass-produced hotel fare. Gail went to the window, but it was too dark to really see which way it faced so I told her how nice the view would be in the morning with the sun rising. Little did I know at that point that she’d be there to judge for herself. She turned from the window, almost catching me staring at her ass (I figured I’d be thinking about her as I stroked off before falling asleep that night and was about 90% sure she was wearing bikini panties under that dress). 

She hopped up on the bed and, kicking her shoes off, lay out on it, commenting that it was pretty comfortable. I kicked off my own shoes and told her to make room, taking her spot as she moved to the other side. We just lay there for a minute or two, then, as we turned to face each other, Gail asked, “You wanna fool around?”

I replied, “Sure.”

We moved toward each other, both lying on our sides, and brought our lips together. As we slipped our tongues into each other’s mouths, our arms also went around each other, pulling ourselves closer together. It wasn’t long before my hand slipped from her curvy hip around to grab her succulent ass. I rolled onto my back, pulling her on top of me and making sure she could feel the bulge in my jeans. With both hands on her ass, I pulled her against me and she responded by pushing her pelvis against my bulge, gently dry-humping me. 

We rolled around like this for a while, sometimes with her on top, sometimes with me on top gently gyrating against her and sometimes side-by-side. My hands roamed from her ass, up and down her back and, finally, around to her big tits. I massaged her tits through her dress, feeling her hard nipples pressing out. Had she been wearing a shirt or a dress with buttons, I would have ventured in for more intimate access to her tits. With the dress she was wearing, though, the only access would be from the bottom up.

The more we rolled around, the more Gail let the hem of her dress ride up. It wasn’t long before my hands on her ass were feeling the material of her panties rather than her dress. I went the next step and slipped my hand into her panties, feeling the smooth flesh of her ass against my palm. When Gail rolled onto her back but didn’t pull me on top of her, I moved my hand from the back of her panties to the front. 

Before slipping it in, I ran a couple fingers up and down the damp front, resulting in a moan and a little more passion in Gail’s kissing. I took this as encouragement to continue, so I slipped my hand under her waistband and through some closely cropped pubes to her slippery pussy. Gail stopped kissing me and instead moaned softly in my ear as I slid my finger up and down her slit and over her clit. I probed her slick pussy with first one finger, then two, before going back to stroking her clit. Glancing down her body, I noted her hard nipples pushing out the material of her dress, so I lowered my head in that direction.

Continuing to manually stimulate her pussy, I started sucking Gail’s nipples through both her dress and bra, leaving wet circles on each of them as I switched back and forth. I pulled her nipples with my lips which, combined with the air on the wet cloth, seemed to make them even harder. I moved down, slipping my hand free of her panties with the initial intention of pushing her dress up above her boobs so I could suck on her bare nipples while going back to fingering her. 

Once I was kneeling between her legs and beginning to push up the hem of her skirt, I had a change of plan. I took the strings holding the front and back of her bikini panties together and pulled, sliding her panties down her legs as she raised her ass allowing me to do so.

As I let her panties drop, Gail pulled her knees up and spread her legs, revealing to me her pussy topped with very short red hair. I ran my hands along the smooth skin of her inner thighs as I leaned in closer. I darted out my tongue and licked up her slit, tasting her abundant nectar. Gail moaned and immediately grabbed the back of my head. I licked her a few more times while making myself comfortable. 

Gail made it even more apparent that she was enjoying my attentions when I focused my tonguing on her clit and slipped a finger back into her slippery hole. While I licked and sucked her clit, I pumped my finger in and out of her, soon adding a second finger, much to her delight.

I felt Gail’s hand leave the back of my head but didn’t look up to see why. I continued to lick and suck her clit while fingering her box as she writhed and moaned on the bed. When I eventually did look up, I noticed that her hands were busy kneading her fleshy tits and pulling on her nipples, though she hadn’t bothered to venture up under her dress either. The expression on her face was pure rapture, which made me pleased that I could bring her so much pleasure. I redoubled my efforts, wondering if I could make her feel even better than she currently was, and as she immediately got louder, I suspected that I had succeeded. 

Gail was raising her ass up off the bed to push it against my face, so I grabbed both of her ass cheeks and pulled her against my face as I chowed-down on her. Her moaning hit a fever pitch at about the same time her body completely tensed up, then she seemed to hold her breath for a few seconds before letting out a shuddering sigh of relief as she went completely limp. I continued to eat her as she convulsed slightly, then raised my head and crawled up next to her.

After a minute or two of recovery time, she rolled her face toward me and kissed me hard, tasting her juices on my face. I reached down to cup her tit and discovered that her dress was still wet where I’d sucked her nipples. As I played with her nipples, I suggested that maybe it would be a good idea if she got out of her wet clothes. She agreed that this was the sensible thing to do and, rather than just slip out of them, she stood on the end of the bed as I lay and looked up at her. Smiling down at me, Gail grabbed the hem of her dress and began to slowly pull it up. 

I admired her pussy again as it came into view, followed by her slightly poochy stomach. Her bra matched the pattern and sexiness of her panties, cut low to reveal the tops of her fleshy globes. She pulled the dress over her head and while she was pulling it off, pulled off the scrunchy holding her ponytail as well. Dropping the dress onto the bed, she shook her red hair out then slid each of the straps of her bra off her shoulders. Grasping the top of the cups, she pulled them slowly down to reveal her magnificent breasts. 

Her large aureoles were quickly exposed, followed by her hard nipples. She let the bra drop to her waist, then spun it around to unhook it. It quickly joined her dress in a pile on the bed. Her big breasts sloped down to points at her nipples, the firmness of youth fighting against the laws of gravity. I couldn’t wait to fondle them and suck her nipples.

I had been sporting wood since we had started making out and, as I lay there, there was an obvious rise in my Levi’s. Standing naked on the foot of the bed, Gail’s gaze locked in on the front of my jeans and she lowered herself to her knees beside me. She briefly massaged my bulge before going to work on opening my jeans. She took my jeans and underwear down, my cock springing free, but didn’t touch my cock until my jeans and underwear were cast aside. 

Grasping it in her fist, she gently stroked up and down before lowering her head and taking me into the warm confines of her mouth. It felt like Heaven having Gail’s mouth sliding up and down my cock. I just lay there, enjoying the feeling and watching as my cock disappeared and reappeared between her lips, framed by a curtain of red hair. I would have been more than content to blow my load into Gail’s mouth, but she had other plans.

Releasing my cock and straightening up, Gail swung one of her legs over me and guided my cock to the opening of her pussy. She was slick enough that, once I was positioned, she just dropped down, embedding me completely within her. She groaned and sat there for a minute, feeling me filling her up, then slowly began to ride me up and down. She leaned forward, putting a hand on each side of my head and hanging her swaying breasts right in my face. 

As I enjoyed feeling her warm, slick pussy sliding up and down my shaft, I held a tit in each hand and alternated licking and sucking each of her nipples. Gail was moaning continuously as I took the entire tip of her tit in my mouth, flicking her nipple with my tongue. Releasing it, I traced circles around each of her aureoles, spiraling inward until I took her hard nipples between my lips and pulled.

Gail was riding me hard and I began to push my hips up, making sure I was giving her some good, deep penetration. Her pussy felt incredible, so slippery and hot, I knew that I wanted to fuck her all night long. I just wished we had hooked up before she had moved so far away. While continuing to lick and suck her nipples, I let go of her tits and slid my hands around to her ass.

As she came down and I pushed up, I was also pulling her down on me. Gail was getting louder and moving faster, which I hoped meant she was on the verge of cumming because I could tell that my own orgasm wasn’t too far off. Looking up at her face, she had a look of contentment on her face, her eyes shut and her moans escaping through a smile. Finally, she slammed herself down on me and let out an even louder moan as I felt the tremors within her pussy.

When she started moving again, her pussy felt even hotter and slicker than it had, which I wouldn’t have thought possible. I pulled her down against me, her tits squishing between us, and pressed my lips against hers. As her tongue snaked into my mouth, I rolled her over onto her back and continued to make out with her as I took control and began fucking her. She wrapped her legs around me as I pistoned my cock in and out of her hot pussy. My incredibly intense orgasm continued to build at a progressive pace, my cock seeming to grow even harder. 

My focus was solely on myself at that point, pumping Gail’s pussy hard in anticipation of a monumental cum. Gail was moaning with pleasure the harder I fucked her, though I didn’t think there was any way she could have been feeling as good as I was. Finally, after building and building, I was blessed with the pleasurable relief of my climax. My cock exploded deep into her pussy, filling her with my seed and touching every nerve in my body. I kept pushing in and out of her for as long as I kept spurting. Once my orgasm eventually abated, I collapsed on top of her in a heap of sweaty flesh.

Gail held me tightly until I caught my breath and rolled off to her side. Facing each other, we smiled big, goofy smiles at each other, both agreeing that we had just shared something pretty incredible. I stroked her face and played with her hair and eventually went back to caressing her tit and nipple. I asked her if she would stay the night and she responded by saying she had hoped I would ask. After we’d lay there together for a while, Gail thought it would probably be a good idea to call her roommate to let her know that she wouldn’t be coming home that night. 

She swung around toward the end of the bed and hung over the edge, getting her cell phone from her purse. I couldn’t resist but running my hands over her ass, as it was aimed right at me. She stayed facing the end of the bed as she made her call, which I didn’t pay much attention to because I was distracted by her ass. After caressing her cheeks, I slid my fingers between them, smearing her anus with some of the fluids that had collected. She didn’t stop me as I applied a light pressure to her anus, though I did notice a hitch in her voice as she spoke to her roommate. 

I didn’t slip a finger into her then, but moved my fingers to her pussy, which Gail made more accessible by opening her legs. I fingered her and played with her clit as she tried to get her roommate off the phone. She finally just said she had to go because she was anticipating another orgasm very soon. She turned off her phone and tossed it aside, then positioned herself on all-fours next to me, reaching for my cock as I continued to finger her from behind. I grabbed her leg and pulled her toward me, positioning us in a sixty-nine. I reinserted my finger into her as I looked up at her lightly red-furred pussy, then stuck my tongue out and went to town on her clit.

My cock was just barely showing signs of life as she had returned her attention to it. Now, in our sixty-nine, with her mouth and hands working on it, I could feel it coming back to life. She massaged it in her hands and wrapped her lips around it, pulling gently, and licked and sucked my balls. Meanwhile, I’d slipped a second finger into her while licking and sucking her clit, pumping both in and out while twisting them around. She was pushing back against my incoming fingers while getting my cock from limp to semi-hard and finally to rigid. 

Once she felt I was ready enough, she started crawling away from me toward the end of the bed. When her pussy was in line with my cock, she lowered herself onto me again, this time with her ass aimed at me. Holding onto the bedframe at the foot of the bed, she rocked herself up and down on my cock while I ran my hands over her as cheeks again. 

I thought that during the time she’d been reviving my cock that I’d done a pretty good job of getting her close to another orgasm and wondered if stimulating her anus would get her all the way there quicker. Sliding a finger along her crack, I found it still slick with lubricating fluids. Coating my finger in these fluids, I pressed the tip against her asshole and slipped easily inside. Gail let out a throaty moan as my cock and finger penetrated her at the same time. By the time she had lowered herself completely onto my cock and I had pushed my finger in as far as it would go, Gail was cumming hard.

She just sat there, shivering and groaning, as her orgasm washed over her. I watched her, my finger embedded in her ass, noticing a thin sheen of sweat beginning to cover her body. When she moved again, she raised herself up, pulling away from both my cock and finger. Reaching under herself, she grabbed my cock and, after getting from a kneeling to a squatting position, placed the tip of my cock at her asshole. She eased herself down onto me, her cries sounding like half pleasure and half pain, until my tool was completely buried in her ass. She leaned back toward me and I took her by the hips and started slowly fucking her ass. 

She was so very tight, but slick from the various fluids lubricating her asshole and my cock. She was supporting herself on one arm and, from the feel of it, was vigorously fingering her hole with her free hand. Once I got a good, steady rhythm going, I let my hands slide up to hold her big tits, still slick with sweat like the rest of her body. I played with her nipples while sliding my cock in and out of her ass as she moaned continuously.

The position she was in was kind of awkward, so after a while I thought the position might cause her more discomfort than the fat cock buried in her ass. Pausing with my cock fully embedded, she straightened her legs out along mine and we rolled over so that she was on her stomach. Lying on top of her, I began fucking her ass again sliding my hands under her to hold her tits again. She propped herself up on her elbows, giving me access to her big globes, which I took full advantage of while continuing to fuck her ass. 

Since she was no longer working on her pussy, after a few minutes, I slid a hand down between her legs and stroked her clit in rhythm with my cock penetrations. I could feel my second orgasm quickly beginning to build, but tried not to fuck her too hard in case she was feeling some discomfort. She was now supporting herself on only one elbow while playing with her tits with her available hand. I continued to stimulate her clit as my climax approached and just as my cock swelled and I was about to release my seed into her rectum, she came again. The shuddering she experienced just as I was on the verge of cumming pushed me over the edge and I shot my load into her, groaning with relief.
