 Mmmm! 

Do you know that a image of beauty can speak a thousand words of pleasure...

As for ages ago, just as now...

Well every time a picture of you comes into my mind...damn, I find myself getting lost in so much pleasure and desire...that without hesitation I felt myself getting excited for you...

It happened the first day I saw you in your black pants and white top.

My eyes followed you across that room.

I examined the very curve of your legs and your magnificent presence moved me to a day long distraction.

Your exquisite face echoed in my mind and explosions of desire boomed in my soul.

Wanting you, needing you. My passion for you so intense that I felt drawn to you.

Your womanly walk would remind me of what I was missing.

I would get lost in the realms of wanting my lips pressed against your lips...wanting our tongues begin to explore the hidden pleasure zones...

Damn just sitting there, with my eyes closed I could feel how soft and warm you would be to me...as I gently let my mind dream of the essences of your soft and warm lips...looking forward to the time that my tongue would touch your lips, gently resting them against yours...

And then I dreamed...

One day, I could feel your body heat warming up to me...wanting to give into the pleasures you were feeling.I could see my hands as they explored all of your sexy body as you lay next to me in my mind...the visions of my hands pushing slowly up your thighs...as our lips are still locked in a lover's embrace...

And finally, you let me in your heart. Your lips tasted like honey...as you gently sucked on my tongue...trying to pull me in deeper into your mouth...and into your soul. As you did that, I'd feel my body start to tremble...wanting to show you just how hot you're making me feel...and our kisses became more intense with your hands touching my face, kissing me so hard, yet with those tears in your eyes, with me knowing what they mean...

As you started to moan, I imagined myself undressing you with my eyes...as you slowly undress before me in a seductive way...you feel my hands helping you undress...damn, you had the look of lust in your eyes...

We'll both know that "love" is wonderful but in those nights we let loose of the "lust" we felt for each other...You loved me over and over. 

And as your clothes fell softly to the floor...it's then that my eyes fully engaged in the essences of your beauty...as you stood before me in your sexy bra & white panties...I slowly ran my hand up between your thighs...to where pleasure will begin..

Woman, I can't deny it...I wanted to taste you...

Lick you...

feel your wetness on my finger-tips...

tease you as your body gives into those love- games my hands would start to play...

I listened as your sensual body called out to me...

As my hands are braced on the sides of your hips...I drove my cock deeply into your waiting womb. I felt you brace yourself as I rested one hand your hip and placed the other one on your neck to hold you in place as I unleashed my passion on you, woman. I reached around and felt your tummy as my cock rocked your stomach. I could feel him as he probed your vagina...and you cried out , over and over: "do me, Robert, do me. fuck me harder."

I asked you to turn your face to the side so that I could relish in your beautiful face as it glowed in my passion for you. Seeing you like that with your exquisite face lost in a deep and profound pleasure, answering my thrusts with your own counter thrusts, with your body giving to me the joys of your feminine power, your hips pounding against my body, your tiny hands reaching behind you to feel my hard cock as it slid in and out of your pussy, woman, I was lost in you and yet we both rediscovered something of us that was lost, misplaced or forgotten. 

In other dreams, you would gently step out of your now moist panties...as I lay them on the floor...only to let me have a full view of your beautifully Eve inspired and woman dipped masterpiece of love...Damn how I just wanted to kiss you from day one. And to kiss you deeply, passionately, and intimately all over your body.

And later in our dreamscape, with out hesitation, I'll feel you pull my head to rest sweetly upon your beautiful lush valley...of sex...as I breathe in the sweet aroma that lingers near my lips...I would be fully locked in a daze...as I watched your wet pussy lips puff up sensually, and begin to swell with lust and anticipation...of gliding on my tongue...as you'll glaze my lips with your wetness...damn, you tasted like delicious spice of woman.

That would l send signals to the depths of my soul...telling me how bad you'll want me to eat you out...of your nectar...sometimes, you would ask me to pleasure you orally, saying, "Honey, will you taste me?

Those visions of your body standing before me is so clear...that I'll feel your body shiver gently as a soft moan escaped your lips...

It's then that I'll feel your pussy walls opening up for me...

Wanting me...

Feeling me...

Needing me...to fill you up with so much pleasure...

I'll feel your hips do a slow-dance as your pelvis gently grinds against my every lick, and every taste of you...

But then you'll pull away from me...

Laying before me with lust in your eyes...

I adore your dark and mysterious pussy.. covered with hair as to hide it from my eyes.

...But I touch anyway, looking at her, loving the shape, her taste and her form...You'll let your fingers...gently open up your sweet pussy to fully expose your swollen clit...

and that one signal ...that would hypnotize me to come closer to you again...and to fuck you with my tongue...only to feel you rock out of control as you try to brace your self with your hands holding tight on my head...I look up...seeing you in your own deep trance...I reach for your nipples...touching them...and I insert one finger into your wet pussy as I orally pleasure you, kissing your pussy, feeling the inside of you...feeling you respond with your hips and voice...feeling you raise for me...allowing me to inhale all of your vagina...my cock will only get larger and harder as I lose myself as I love you and your glorious pussy.

In other fantasies, I could tell you were in a mood to experience me as a man. The first time in the dream that you unleashed my cock, you looked at him with some amazement, taking his measure with both your hands wrapped around the erect edifice. Touching him, caressing him and stroking him with a girlish delight. I knew that when we got point of insertion, your pussy would be in total surrender. But before I could take you to that place, you took him to another place. I could hardly believe my eyes when you mastered him, showing me how profoundly you enjoyed his commanding size. You whispered to me, "Robert, you must be gentle with me. do you promise?" I did give you my word. Yet, when the time came for our union, you accommodated him and he stealthily disappeared into your hidden paradise. Several times, you lifted for me, allowing me a even deeper thrust into your supple body. You shuddered at his determination to reach all of you. Still, you own passion allowed me deeper and deeper access to your body...as you maximized the depth of my cock's thrusting and that moment of love will be forever etched in my soul. Fantasy or not.

In other dream encounters, I feel you let go of more of your sweet love juice as it drenches my chin...and coats my my faces with the essences of you...and you would say to me, "kiss me darling, I want to taste you and our mutual passion. And we would share that joy with each other and you literally drove me mad with adoration for you. Do you know that? 

That is what you do to this man:

That feeling of having you explode with full force from my tongue...

I feel you push me back...to show me just badly you'll want me still...

For I feel your hands pressed against my head...as you slowly pulled me more to your valley of pleasure. I could feel your soft hands stroking my head, my mouth and my chest with your gentle fingers touching my mouth as I drank from your fountain. When you surrendered to me and I took you once more, And as you would look into my eyes...I feel you kiss my chest...my nipples, and you would wrap your arms around my neck, holding on saying. "Honey, you are my lion. I love what you are doing to me. It all feels so damn good with your big circumcised cock buried deeply in me." And all the while, your beautiful face inspires me - that damn beautiful face, exciting me, taunting me and leading me deeper and deeper into the Temple of St. Gelais.

Other times:

I can feel your mouth running over my nipples...

and then letting your tongue glide down past my navel...

only to feel your hands search to feel my hardness of my throbbing hard cock...

Again I see you look up at me...with a smile...as you've discovered the treasure you long to feel...

It's then you hear the sounds of my voice intensely letting go with pleasures you have yet to see...

With a full rush you gently inhale my cock with your hand holding fast to the hard rock monument dedicated to your beauty. You have me stand, revealing my nakedness to you. Standing before you, would be a tall, gentle and kind lover that adores you...

A slight gasp escapes your lips...

As you smile seductively at.... what your lips are dying to taste...

As you lower your lips...down on my now swollen head...

I'll feel your lips glaze up licking down my shaft...

While you loved my dick, I would play those love games of touching your pussy lips...with my finger-tips..as you were .lightly tapping my cock shaft.

I get locked in trance as I watch your lips rise and down on my wet and soaked dick...while you suck on me...letting your soft round lips put on a show...for my rock hard cock to desire...

My hips lock up...as I rise to meet your lips...that gently glaze me...with the juices that flow from your loving lips...Other times, as you orally pleasured us both, in our passionate love...we will seal it with a kiss, trading one passion for the one of our trembling lips.

Then I would pull you up on top of me...letting you have full control of whatever pleasure your body wants...

I look down to watch, lustfully, as your wet pussy lips open up for me...gently tracing and coating my hard veined shaft with soaking juices that are sensually squirting with desire to saturate me...

I feel your warm walls surround me...

Grasping hold of some good loving dick...

As you start to pump with a force...yet to reckoned with...

Our bodies indulged in a lovers game of sweet sensual sweat...

watching you purse your full lips will give birth to waves of pleasure through out our bodies...to only intensify...as this petite, wonderful woman with the beautiful face... wants me to take her...filling her vagina up with part of me...to the point where she feels full, complete and realizing that she has allowed this man to sexually possess her...The only sounds to fill the room will be us...as we're locked in lust...

My soul's adoration for you...(yes, you...you one sexy, provocative woman...) breaking like some rogue ocean wave, washing over us... rocking the two of us in joint sublime pleasure...so that we get lost in...

in each ether's embrace. I look into your eyes and see your passion, looking into the window of your soul...loving you, holding fast to you...and you bounce with me...ride with me...and show me the power of woman.

Calling my name, begging me to fuck you harder...

I rise up to suck on your nipples, gently biting each, we kiss over and over as you hold on...scratching my back...as your sexy nails are mixed with my unleashed sweat of desire...

I'm nibbling on your neck...tasting you, deeply kissing you, looking into your eyes, and telling you how good you feel, how you satisfy me. I see you rise up to look and I withdraw my cock, placing him on your tiny belly for you to admire, He reaches almost to your navel. You touch him and run your fingers over him... and you encourage me to return him to your craven of intense beauty. Your lips invite him back, he parts the bush and you shudder in delight once more...

Your breathing intensifies...telling me that you're ready to cum...

You beg and scream with desire for me...to fill you up with my hot white cream to mix with your drenching pussy juice...

My heart beats faster...

As you rock out of control...

Yeah!...I'm cumming now...as you'll feel the rush of my cream pumping deeply into you...

We'll collapse against each other...trembling out of control...

Covered in a lovers sweat...

Yes, I know that we have "feelings" flowing between us, but just for this moment...you must know that I "lust" for you...

But as I open up my eyes...I just had to let you know...that... 

I Often Find Myself Fantasizing About You!

That first day, all those months ago and right now, 

I find myself fantasizing about you.

You are woman. My sexy friend and very feminine woman. 

A joy to behold. Still, I know. A greater joy to hold.