 When all the trauma of my divorce was finally over and I was a free man again I decided to travel. I'd reached forty and never seen the Far East, so that's where I headed. Near my hotel there was plenty for adventurous tourists to see. Above all I wanted to see that famous, or rather infamous, temple. 

I took a day excursion from my hotel to the temple. The tour bus wound through mile after mile of jungle roads. Finally we were there in the clearing where its ruins had been dug out of the jungle after being lost for hundreds of years. No one knew which long lost civilisation had built it, or why.

For religious reasons only men over eighteen were allowed into the temple itself. Women were only allowed into the outer precincts and the ramshackle tourist market which had grown up around the place. I walked along the track that led to the ruins, paid the gatekeeper a couple of coins, rounded a corner, and there it was. Cleared of the creepers that had hidden it for centuries, the time worn stone walls soared above me. 

In the middle of a wall carved with texts no one had ever deciphered was the entrance. And there on either side of it stood the huge stone "Guardians of the Gate." Like all the men who had just entered the temple area with me I stopped and stared, incredulous. 

The figures were twice a man's height, standing facing each other naked across the entrance. They were thrusting their hips forward, each with his stone right hand wrapped round his stone penis bending up in front of him eighteen inches long to its big round obviously circumcised head. Each man's muscles were taut and his face was twisted with the pleasure of a wank that had lasted a thousand years. After I'd recovered from the shock I took a few pictures, then passing under the arch formed by their stone penises I entered.

The roof had long since gone and light poured into the cavernous interior. All around the grey stone walls were the carvings I'd read so much about. Statues of naked women thrust their big breasts out and spread their legs wide in poses as erotic as any I'd seen in modern porn. Stone naked men with huge erect penises masturbated. Stone couples copulated, men fucking women in every sex position I could imagine, men having sex with men and women with women. Some still had traces of black paint where their pubic hair had once been. In the middle of the temple floor was a polygonal raised stone dais. No one knew what rituals had long ago been performed here, but surrounded by those erotic carvings it didn't need much imagination!

In an alcove was the shrine that men came here to see above all else. It was a stone statue of a naked woman, her voluptuous body life size, standing with her shapely legs slightly spread and her big breasts thrust up and out. Some sculptor ages back had given her face a look of erotic sensuality that still tempted. But men didn't come just to ogle her. The ancient legend said that any man who fondled her between her legs would get the next woman he wanted. Her stone vagina mound was polished smooth by the hands of centuries of lustful men. I cupped my hand over the so realistic bulge between her spread stone thighs and ran my fingers along her stone vagina lips. Then, reluctantly, I left. 

It was on the bus back to my hotel that I saw her. She was sitting a couple of seats in front of me. Her blonde hair cascaded to her shoulders. She was in a well-filled short sleeved white blouse, and tan shorts that clung like a second skin to the curves of her young backside and displayed almost the whole length of her shapely lightly tanned legs. She looked early twenties and was obviously with her parents. I spent the long journey back to the hotel day dreaming about doing with her some of the things I'd seen the couples do in the carvings. I got back late to my hotel, showered, had a meal and a couple of beers, went to bed and masturbated thinking of my sweet little blonde goddess before I dropped off to sleep. Then I dreamed, and boy did I dream!

My dreams were vivid both in their content and in the way they didn't fade as soon as I woke. I still remember the detail. 

I was in that temple. Its roof was in place and its interior was lit by blazing torches. The erotic statues around the walls were as sharp as if newly carved, and the fresh paint showed the black triangles of women's cunts and black pubic hair round men's erect penises and balls against their brown painted skin. 

I was at some kind of religious ceremony, standing naked in a ring of other naked men around the dais. We were chanting something and my penis was iron bar hard and near vertical erect. I saw all the other men's penises were erect too. 

On the dais was a low bed-like platform with a deep red cushioned top. Standing next to it was a naked woman, and I saw instantly it was the woman depicted in the alcove. Her legs were slightly spread just like the statue's, her breasts were just as big and this time they were real live flesh. More than that, standing behind the woman on the dais was a young girl wearing a long white robe. It was the blonde girl I'd ogled on the bus! 

The woman standing on the dais looked around the circle of naked men. She pointed at me - I was the chosen one! I mounted the dais, reached down and cupped my hand over her cunt just like I'd done with the statue earlier. But this time I felt coarse pubic hair and soft warm vagina lips. My finger slipped between juice wetted labia into her slit and she smiled with pleasure. 

"Goddess, I worship you," I said.

"I accept your worship," she replied. 

The woman squatted down in front of me and took my penis head into her mouth. She squeezed her lips around it, massaged it with her tongue, and slid her lips up and down my rock hard shaft a few times. I could have taken any amount of that! But after a few strokes from her lips she stopped and laid on her back on the cushioned platform. 

Somehow I knew exactly what was required of me. I got onto the platform and knelt astride the woman's waist with my hard erect penis arching upward above her front just below her breasts. She held her big brown breasts so her dark brown nipples were pointing up. 

As soon as I'd knelt astride the woman the blonde girl undid a brooch at her shoulder and her white dress fell away leaving her nude. Her naked body was every bit as good as I'd imagined in my masturbation fantasy, with big firm young breasts, superb legs and a neat brown bush around her slit. 

The blonde girl knelt beside me on the platform. Her hand started on my thigh and slid up to caress my balls and lightly stroke my shaft. She ran her hand over my bum, tickled me down my bum crack and reached under me from behind to tickle my arse and fondle my balls and shaft from underneath. Her breasts quivered with her movements and brushed against my arm as she ran her fingers over me. As she played with me, my hands almost involuntarily explored the soft warm smooth flesh of her thighs and bottom and reached between her spread thighs to ruffle her bush and to finger her cunt. 

By the time her hand smoothly transitioned from caressing my balls and penis to wrapping around my shaft and giving me a hand job I must have been at the absolute peak of sexual sensitivity and arousal. This sweet young priestess certainly knew her trade! She had lubed her hand with some kind of oil, and her hand squeezed round my cock felt just like a tight young vagina. Her hand slid full length up and down my shaft right over my lust swollen penis head and her breasts bobbed with the rhythm of her hand as it pumped my cock. Her thumb and forefinger caught the base of my cock head just the way I like!

I felt my cum start to rise and involuntarily thrust my hips forward. The blonde girl sensed I was coming, and as my shaft hardened in her hand with my rising orgasm she eased off, stroking and tugging just with her thumb and forefinger so my orgasm came deliciously slowly. All the time she fondled my bum with her other hand and pressed her soft breasts against me. 

I came! I clutched the blonde girl's bottom, digging my fingers into her bum cheek. I rammed my hips forward up the woman's body under me and my spurts of semen arched over her belly to splash over her big brown breasts and up as far as her face.

Then I woke, sweating and breathing hard, with my penis still half erect and with a huge splash of fresh semen on my belly and chest. I lay awake for a while savouring the memory, then drifted off to dreamless sleep. 

The next morning, the day before I was due to fly back, I was lazing by the hotel pool. I was disturbed from my paperback by a woman's voice.

"Hi! You were at that temple yesterday, weren't you?" 

It was the blonde girl from the bus. She was in a tiny bright patterned bikini, just four triangles of cloth held around her body by string thin straps tied in bows between her breasts and at her hips. Her bikini made it obvious that her body was everything I'd imagined in my masturbation fantasy and in my dream the night before . Before I could say anything in reply she continued.

"Are those carvings as raunchy as all the reviews say?"

I swallowed.

"Every bit," I replied, then "I took lots of pictures. Do you want to come up to my room and see them."

"Yeah!" She said with a grin.

"There was something weird about that temple," she said as we walked back through the hotel lobby. "The dreams I had last night. Oh my god!" She gave me a mischievous smile but didn't tell me more. 

She told me her name was Natalie, that she was 23 and on holiday there with her parents. They were spending the day at some nature reserve looking at wildlife. Her tone made clear what she thought of wildlife. Up in my hotel room I connected my camera to the room's big TV. While I did that she sat cross legged on the big double bed in a lotus position sipping a bitter lemon from the minibar. Her bikini bottom taut over her mound showed the cameltoe line of her vagina.

The screen showed my first picture, of a Guardian of the Gate with his eighteen incher arching up rock hard in his hand.

"Oooooohhhh!" Natalie gasped. "Look at what he's got! ... and you're up as hard as him aren't you?"

I'd been without sex for months apart from masturbating and one brief encounter. Now I was in a bedroom with a sex mad girl in a bikini! My speedo style swim trunks bulged as if my penis was about to explode out through the cloth. Natalie grinned playfully at me and ran a fingertip slowly along the line of her vagina through her bikini.

"I could all but feel you undressing me and fucking me on that bus yesterday. I bet you wanked thinking of me last night." 

The look on my face must have told her I certainly had. I slipped my speedos down, let them drop, stepped out of them and thrust my hips forward toward her like the statues. I couldn't match those massive stone shafts, but my seven incher was at least as upright and felt as stiff. 

I joined Natalie on the bed. She was still in her lotus position with her legs crossed. I slid my hand down inside her bikini bottom and through her soft cunt hair to cupped my hand over her juicy vagina mound. I fondled her cunt for a moment, slipping my fingers between her labia and getting her gasping with sex pleasure. I withdrew my hand from her bikini bottom to undo the bow between her breasts. She tossed her shoulders, her bikini top fell away and her breasts bounced out.

I was kneeling on the bed facing her with my cock pointed at her. As I played with her breasts she played with my shaft and balls, obviously familiar with a guy's most sexually sensitive spots. A bead of pre cum appeared on the tip of my cock and she smeared it over my penis head with her finger.

I pulled the the two bows at her hips and her bikini bottom fell away. Her neat little bush of brown cunt hair surrounding her slit was exactly the colour I'd imagined. Moments later we were wrapped round each other. 

We wrestled naked together on the bed with our hands and lips all over each other. My fingers, lips and tongue constantly found her cunt and her nipples to stroke, lick and kiss her to frantic arousal. We got into 69 position with her on top tickling my belly with my nipples, fingering and licking my shaft and balls, and with my face squeezed between her soft warm thighs. We rolled over so I was on top, she was licking and kissing my cock and I was kissing, fingering and stroking her vagina lips. I wanted her red hot when I fucked her. She moaned and squirmed as my fingers smoothly worked the little peak of her clitoris, her vagina swelled with arousal and her pussy become ever more juicy.

"Oh!" She suddenly gasped, "look at those two two!"

I'd left the TV scrolling through a slide show of my pictures. On the screen was a carving of a naked woman on all fours, knees wide, her heavy breasts hanging down. A naked man was kneeling behind her, his hands holding her spread thighs, with half of his big thick cock already shoved into her vagina from behind. 

"Like that!" Natalie cried out. "I love sex like that. It feels so raw! Go on!"

She squirmed out from under me and got on all fours like the woman in the statue, with her legs spread, her smooth round bottom toward me gleaming in the sunlight streaming through the window lights, her thighs invitingly spread wide with her furry pussy showing out below her bum cheeks. She looked at me over her shoulder and her fingers peeped out between her legs from behind as she fingered her pussy. 

I slid my hand between her spread thighs, stroking her along the sides of her furry mound, then along her juice soaked labia, slowly working toward her clitoris. I kissed her naked back, bottom and thighs as my hands played with her and I let my penis head brush over her naked body as I moved around her. She began to get excited, moaning and trying to strain her legs even wider. Soon she was whimpering and trembling with arousal and I stroked and circled the little peak of her clit, between the folds of her arousal swollen juice soaked labia at the top of her vagina. 

It wasn't long before her orgasm exploded. Her whole body tensed, her back arched as she thrust her pussy hard against my hand between her legs. Her cries built up to an orgasm shriek and her breasts bounced as her body juddered with the pulses of her sex climax. 

For a minute or so afterwards she knelt there with her knees spread, flopped forward with her breasts swinging and panting as she enjoyed her afterglow. I held my hand cupped between her legs from behind gently massaging her throbbing mound and prodding her bum cheek with the head of my erect cock, as if she needed reminding I was there. She looked at me over her shoulder again.

"Oooooooohhh!" She purred, snuggling her pussy back against my hand. 

I got into position kneeling behind her, held her spread thighs and pulled her against me. I savoured the pleasure of poking her vagina lips with my penis head. Then I slid into her love slit full length till my pubic hair was against her bum cheeks. Some guys like smooth shaven pussies, but I love the feel of a woman's pubes brushing against my tight shaft!

Her vagina was as deliciously warm and tight as only a young girl can be, and as a woman always is after she's climaxed she was well juiced. I pumped her firmly and methodically, taking my time. Scenes of men shagging women in incredible positions scrolled across the TV screen, but my eyes were on Natalie's honey tanned naked back, her smooth round bottom and spread legs, and her blonde head. She climaxed again while I was shagging her. Her body tensed in my hands, her blonde head bobbed as she cried out and I held her thighs tight as she juddered. 

Then it was my turn! I pumped her smoothly and firmly, patting my hips against her bottom with my rhythmic thrusts. As my cum rose I pulled her bum hard against me by her thighs. I rammed my hips against her bum, pushing her forward in my orgasm thrust as my jerking penis spurted my load exquisitely into her. 

My cock was still half erect when I slid out of her. I wrapped my thumb and forefinger round my shaft and wanked the last pulses of pleasure out of my cock and the last spurts of semen into her bum crack before we both flopped onto the bed.

We lay together afterwards on the bed enjoying a drink, talking, and watching my pictures scroll across the TV. Just for fun Natalie repeated some of the kinkier erotic poses the statues of women were in. I made use of my camera and got some nude pictures of her that those ancient stonemasons would have appreciated. As I was taking pictures of her the TV screen scrolled to a picture of the goddess in her alcove.

"Is that the famous one, that the legend's about, where if guys feel her cunt they get the next woman they want?" She looked at me and grinned. "Did you ...?" 

She didn't finish the sentence but gasped as my hand slid from the top of her thigh to her pussy. My penis was hard up again and I was ready for more. Natalie rolled onto her back, spread her legs wide and reached her arms up toward me. She was ready for more too. I mounted her in good old fashioned missionary position. 

As I slid my hungry cock between her vagina lips her legs folded up so her knees were near her shoulders and her feet rested on my back. After long sweet minutes of penis thrusting pleasure she gasped, her young body quivered under me, her hips thrust up under me and her feet beat against my bum as she climaxed. My thrusting penis enjoyed her warm smooth tightness for a few minutes more before I pushed her up the bed in my last thrust as I filled her.

Shortly afterwards Natalie tucked her body away in what little there was of her bikini. Then after a last kiss on the cheek she left me and headed back to the pool ready to be found by her parents and to hear all about their wildlife trip.

That night, after a last meaty wank over my pictures of my young blonde sex goddess I packed my camera away for my flight home next morning. Then I went to bed and slept, regretfully dreamlessly. 

On my long flight home as I savoured the memory of Natalie I wondered why the hell she'd come after me, a divorced guy nearly twice her age. A guy doesn't ask a girl he's shagging that sort of thing. The most she told me about her sex life was that she was on the pill so we'd be safe, and it certainly wasn't her first time. 

Perhaps, I thought, It was the old story. Split with a boyfriend, no decent boys around the hotel, sexually frustrated and peeved at being under her parents watchful eyes. Perhaps she'd seen the wedding ring I still wore but realised I was alone, guessed my situation and wanted to try sex with an experienced guy who wouldn't want to get committed. That had happened to me before. Perhaps she was just plain randy! Or perhaps was there really some truth in that ancient legend? I guess I'll never know.