 Amy hadn't felt this energized in months, maybe years. She felt it in her everyday activities fueled by an underlying erotic charge that coursed through her entire body most of the day. Ever since the idea had popped into her head a few days ago, it was practically all she could think about. And the more she thought about it, the more erotically charged she became.

The next few days were torture for Amy. She couldn't concentrate on anything other than the plan she was formulating in her mind for Thursday's massage appointment with Alan. She scripted it over and over to make sure it would go off without a hitch. Amy really wanted this to go well.

She re-familiarized herself with the sheer black bra and panty set to make sure she understood how much give there was to the elastic and that she knew the best way to put them on... and take them off. Everything seemed like it was falling into place.

Wednesday night she masturbated to relieve the erotic tension that was building up inside her.

"Something to just take the edge off... not completely satisfy myself," she rationalized.

At long last, Thursday arrived, and not a moment too soon as far as Amy was concerned. An hour before her appointment she took a quick shower and dressed, putting on the sheer bra and panties. Checking herself in the mirror she felt wickedly naughty. Over that she pulled on a T-shirt and a pair of shorts. Alan would be unsuspecting as to the smoldering sensuality lying beneath her normal clothing.

A half hour later she pulled up to the now familiar house where Alan lived. She got out of the car and recalled the first time she had arrived there. She had been anxious, nervous and a little afraid, knowing that she was going to be massaged by a male therapist. She giggled to herself knowing how it had all turned out eventually.

Ringing the doorbell, Amy shifted between one foot and the other, eager for him to answer. The door opened and Alan grinned broadly at her.

"Hey, hello! Come on in," Alan greeted her.

She entered and walked into his embrace, a nice tight hug. She could feel his strong upper body and smell his scent and she was momentarily intoxicated.

"You know the way... Alan said as he led her to the massage room.

"How have you been?" he asked.

"I'm in need of some real, ahem, therapy," Amy replied smiling and raising one eyebrow with a knowing look.

"I'm sure I'll be able to satisfy ALL of your needs today," Alan said following her lead. "Is there any particular area that needs extra attention?" he asked raising both eyebrows.

"Yeah, here, and here," she replied deadpan as she pointed with both hands to her crotch and then to her breasts.

"Well I'll be sure to focus on those areas and work out any tension I find there," Alan said continuing the joke.

"Why don't you get undressed now and get on the table. We'll have you lie face down first."

With that Alan stepped out of the room and closed the door. Amy thought it almost comical that he would adhere to normal massage protocol after all they had done together. She looked around the room and everything felt familiar. Once again she flashed back to her first appointment. Giggling, she recalled how she had kept her panties on, being too shy, especially with a male therapist.

"Well today I'm going to leave my panties on again," she thought to herself smiling.

She quickly stripped off her T-shirt and shorts and stepped out of her sandals leaving her in just the bra and panties. Out of her purse she pulled out a very flimsy, very sheer white robe and put that on, securing it at the waist. She stood, one hand on the table, half leaning with her hip jutting out seductively waiting for Alan to return.

Soon there was a soft knock on the door and Alan called out "Are you ready?"

"Yep, and I hope you're ready," Amy replied cryptically.

Curious, Alan slowly opened the door. His jaw dropped and his eyes opened wide as he took in the hot scene. Amy stood there subtly rotating her hips and gyrating her chest bringing attention to her breasts. Through the flimsy white robe Alan could clearly see the dark bra and panties, and through them, the faint outline of her dark nipples and the folds of her pussy. He gave a gulp and stared, not being able to take his eyes off the sight before him. He could feel his penis inside his running shorts surge as he recognized the tingling sensation of an impending erection.

"Today we're going to do something different," Amy stated flatly. "Today you're going to get on the massage table and I'm going to massage you!"

Alan's pulse quickened with excitement. His erection was now beyond his control.

"What??? No way," Alan said with feigned objection in his voice.

"Get undressed and hop up onto the table. We'll have you face down first," Amy said mocking Alan's lines.

Alan stood there dumbfounded for a second.

"Take off all your clothes, now!" Amy commanded. She didn't afford him the courtesy of leaving the room as Alan had always done for her while she undressed.

Relenting, Alan reached down and pulled his shirt over his head revealing his defined chest and rippling abs. Amy stared at him soaking in the view. Alan stared back hypnotized by her absolute sensual beauty.

Amy's eyes dropped as Alan put a thumb in each side of the waistband of his shorts and slowly lowered them. As he straightened up his erect cock jutted forward and slowly bobbed up and down. Amy almost salivated as she felt a strong desire to put her mouth around that gorgeous pole and suck. Alan looked up and saw Amy ogling his cock and that excited him. His cock responded by becoming harder and stiffer until it pointed upward directly at Amy.

Her eyes scanned higher until she was looking Alan right in the eye. She stepped away from the table and let the robe drop off one shoulder exposing her bare flesh to him. She teasingly pulled on the tie at her waist and let the robe fall partly open in front so he could get a better glimpse of her legs and panty covered pussy. The moisture from her pussy made the sheer fabric of the panty even more transparent. Alan stared mesmerized with his mouth partially open. She proceeded to tease him further by exposing one bra covered breast from behind the robe. Her nipples were now fully erect, dark circles straining against the fabric, forming obvious protrusions.

Amy turned until she was facing away from him. Swaying her hips she began a slow strip tease. She let the robe fall softly off her shoulders until it fell to her mid back. She turned her head and looked at him, smiling. Alan was exhaling short small breaths, a look of lust on his face.

She let the robe fall farther until it exposed her shapely ass. In one smooth motion she lifted the robe completely off and held it at arms length away from her letting it dangle for a second or two before flinging it aside and letting it drop to the floor.

Gyrating her body she slowly turned around facing him again. Her rotating hips brought attention to her wet panty covered pussy. She raised her hands and put them behind her head lifting her hair and then letting it fall. This brought focus to her swaying breasts proudly on display.

Amy's hands slowly lowered and she began caressing herself. First her shoulders and stomach, and then breasts and neck. Working lower her hands roamed down to her legs. Placing both hands on her right knee she drew them up, the fingertips of her right hand gliding along her outer thigh and the fingertips of her left along the inner thigh. As they reached her crotch she lingered toying with her pussy, one hand finally slipping underneath her panties to directly massage her cunt.

Amy's breath grew uneven as her fingers worked. "Ooaahhh..." she groaned.

She looked up to see Alan's reaction. He stood there with his cock at stiff attention looking stupefied, eyes transfixed on her pussy. His breathing was heavy, reflecting the lust building within.

She reluctantly drew her hands away, upward along her stomach and between her breasts. Her nipples were aching for attention. Her hands circled around and cupped her soft mounds through the fabric of the bra. Finally they settled on her right breast, her right hand cupped under and stroking the protruding nipple with her thumb, while her left hand pulled down on the cup fabric in an effort to gain better access. She gave a slight tug and the bra strap fell off her shoulder as the cup gave way allowing Amy direct access to her bare breast.

"Oooooh... she cooed seductively, licking her lips with the tip of her tongue.

Suddenly she turned and faced away, her back towards Alan. Reaching back with both hands she fumbled with the bra clasp. Alan's pulse quickened as he anticipated being able to soon view her nude torso unencumbered by the bra. A few seconds later as if she had changed her mind she turned her head and smiled at him. Turning back around to face him she shook her finger "no, no" and pulled the bra strap back up onto her shoulder.

"Naughty boy!" she said in a mock scolding tone. "You thought you were going to get to see Amy's tits. But we have to get to work on your massage!"

His disappointment was quickly replaced with a new anticipation. The thought of being massaged by this sexy, aroused woman made his cock twitch.

"All right, up on the table on your stomach," Amy took charge.

Smiling, Alan obeyed and climbed onto the table being careful to position his hard-on under his stomach.

"Comfortable?" Amy asked, playing the part of masseuse fully.

"Yeah, everything's good."

"Are there any tight areas that need extra work today?" Amy continued, playing masseuse.

Alan snickered and Amy giggled.

Amy began by dripping oil along Alan's back and working it in with both hands up and down his spine and along his shoulders. After a few minutes she worked her way down to his lower back and butt. She reveled in the opportunity to fondle his oil covered ass. She had admired it every time she had seen him and now she was getting to explore it with her hands for as long as she wanted.

She continued down the back of his legs and to his feet. As she was massaging his feet she stated, "It's very important to massage the feet. It makes you feel grounded. Some massage therapists fail to do that." They both chuckled loudly, recalling her first massage when he had never gotten around to doing her feet because he was too busy "doing" other parts of her.

After a few more minutes Alan said, "Hey you're pretty good at this."

"Just wait and see howww good," Amy drew out the "how" for emphasis. In her mind she knew he wouldn't be disappointed.

Amy continued, slowly making her way up his legs to his inner thighs. Alan spread his legs apart to give her access. She rubbed the oil higher and higher, at first acting professional, but eventually brushing the back of her hand against his balls.

"Oops, sorry, " Amy mocked an apology. They both giggled.

She went in wholeheartedly smearing oil on his balls and fondling his scrotum. Reaching under and rubbing the base of his shaft, he reflexively lifted his butt in the air making room for her hand to reach under his stomach and stroke his long shaft with oil. His cock stiffened as her small oily hand pumped up and down his large thick shaft. Every few strokes she stopped to rub all around the head before continuing anew.

"Uuuhhh, that feels soooo good," Alan sighed.

With her left hand she oiled his ass and caressed around the rim with her fingers while at the same time continuing to pump with her right hand.

"MMMMMMM... Alan groaned loudly.

A minute or two later Amy said "OK, that's enough for now" and pushed his butt back down towards the table.

She went to reload on oil. Alan turned his head so he could watch her. She took a generous amount of oil and slathered it all over the front of her body. She covered her chest and bra with it, her stomach, and her panty covered pussy. He watched fascinated as the sheer fabric of her lingerie seemed to almost disappear as the oil soaked through. Her hard nipples were quite pronounced and he could see her protruding clit poking against the wet fabric.

Satisfied with her state of lubrication she returned to the table and climbed up. She leaned over his back and let just the tips of her fabric-covered nipples drag along his skin. The sensation made him tingle. She continued teasing him in this way all over the back of his body, all along his back, across his butt, and down his legs. It felt so erotic. She in turn was stimulated by the friction against her aroused breasts.

Amy pushed down harder into Alan using her entire chest to massage him. Soon she was laying on top rubbing her whole body into him. Her legs straddled one of his thighs and she slowly humped it grinding her clit into his hamstring.

They both breathed deeply and let out soft moans. Alan could feel pre-cum leaking out the tip of his cock under his stomach.

Stopping before he wanted her to, Amy climbed off the table and said "Time to flip over."

Alan raised himself and shifted around until he was sitting. Amy focused her eyes on his erection waving slightly back and forth. She could see pre-cum glistening on the head and she smiled knowing her actions were having the desired effect. Alan adjusted his position and lay back until he was face up spread out on the table.

He looked over at Amy and was treated to an erotic sight. She was wet with oil, the mounds of her beautiful breasts rose and fell with each breath while her dark nipples screamed with erectness. Her oily skin highlighted the faint ripples of her abs. The small patch covering her pussy seemed practically invisible. The sexy folds of her pussy lips were swollen and slightly open and converged at her erect clit, which seemed to beg for attention. He looked up to her face and she returned his gaze, her disheveled hair partially covering one eye.

"You are sooo damned hot," Alan whispered.

Amy merely smiled as she approached him rubbing massage oil between her hands. As she placed her hands on his chest Alan let out a deep exhale. Her hands lightly rubbed all over his chest and stomach. It felt exquisite.

As she continued, Amy let her hands explore further... under his neck, across his shoulders, down his sides, across his thighs, up between his legs and finally let her hands rest just above the base of his shaft. His cock twitched and she could feel it against the back of her hands.

She got more oil and dripped it along the entire length of his hardness. Using just a fingertip she slowly smoothed the oil all along his shaft and down to his balls. She adjusted the angle of her fingertip and lightly scratched along his scrotum, up and down his length, and finally around his swollen glans. Alan's cock responded by stiffening to rock hardness.

Amy stepped away from the table and returned holding four strips of sheet. Alan immediately recognized them as the strips that he used to tie Amy down to the table. He gasped with anticipation knowing what would come next. Amy firmly took his right wrist, fastened a strip around it, and raised it over his head securing it to the table leg. She repeated with the other wrist, and then with each ankle. Alan lay there spread wide and bound to the table. His breathing increased as he became more excited. His fully erect cock stood hard and raging, angling upward away from his stomach.

Smiling deviously, she took a few steps back away from the table. A sensuous mood overtook her as she slowly rolled her head back and around exposing her sexy neck and throat. Her body began to gyrate slightly, her hips swaying and back arching to emphasize her breasts. She let the bra strap fall off her left shoulder and down until her left breast was completely uncovered. Her hand moved to cup and stimulate the exposed mound, her fingertips playing with the stiff nipple. Her face displayed sheer pleasure as she continued.

Bringing both hands down she hooked the sides of her panty in each thumb and slowly pulled them down and away from her crotch, stopping mid-thigh. Her exposed cunt was shiny with moisture. She spread her legs slightly causing the panty elastic to stretch further between her legs as she brought both hands to her pussy and began to rub wantonly. Soft moans emanated from her throat as her body continued to slowly gyrate.

Alan felt like a caged animal as he watched the scene unfold. He wanted desperately to grab her and ravish her aroused body with his mouth, tongue, and hands, to thrust his quivering cock into her hot, wet pussy and penetrate her deeply. No... he didn't want to... he NEEDED TO thrust his cock into her... hard and deep. But the restraints kept him from doing anything but watch and grow ever increasingly aroused.

Amy moved one hand back up to her breasts and rubbed and pulled on them as she continued to stimulate her pussy with her other hand. She slowly inserted two fingers and began finger fucking herself while her thumb circled frantically on her clit. Unable to gain full satisfaction she let her other hand drop so she could use it to rub her clit more vigorously while continuing to finger fuck herself with greater urgency.

Watching Amy with her panties partially pulled down and bra halfway off while frantically pleasuring herself was too much for Alan.

"Unngh, unnghh, unnghh," Alan made animalistic grunts as he thrashed on the table unable to free himself and frustrated out of his mind. His stiff cock waved wildly trying desperately to fuck something... anything... but only finding air.

Amy looked up to see Alan's extreme desire for her and that triggered her ascent. It built slowly, higher and higher until finally, finally, finally she exploded, her orgasm blasting through her pussy, up her body and out her head. She screamed loudly followed by a series of delirious moans. Her legs became wobbly and she leaned back against the wall to keep herself from falling.

Breathless, Amy slowly began to recover. In the mean time, Alan had been laying there panting and making almost whimpering sounds. His denial was unbearable. Seeking to rectify the situation she stood up and slowly approached him, hips swaying seductively.

As she reached the table she took one hand, reached back and released her bra strap. The bra fell from her body exposing her completely. She let the bra hang, dangling from one finger, over his body. Ever so delicately she placed the bra loosely between his knees and slowly drew the strap up between his legs letting it drag along his inner thigh. Alan stared at her tits and gasped. The contour of her breasts capped with stiff upturned nipples, and coupled with the teasing sensation running up toward his cock, stirred something deep and primal in his gut. Alan shuddered.

Continuing her torture, she dragged the bra strap up along the length of his shaft and over his cock head, and dragged farther up his stomach to his chest and across his erect nipples. Finally she let the cups fall to his face so he could smell her scent. She reversed course and teased moving back down his chest toward his cock. When she arrived she let one of the shoulder straps hook under his shaft. His erection, now caught in the bra, was pulled downward until it stood pointing straight up. The resistance increased and the pace of dragging nearly slowed to a stop. Amy thought he looked bigger than ever before like this. She kept pulling the bra toward his feet until his cock bent downward and finally broke free. It snapped back hitting his stomach with a slap.

Amy repeated this several times until Alan begged for more stimulation.

"Please, please, stroke me, suck me, touch me, please..."

Ignoring his pleas Amy tossed the bra aside. She stepped a few feet away from the table and turned away from him. She bent over and slid her panties the rest of the way down her legs and off. Alan got a full view of her ass and open pussy lips between her legs. She looked like she was begging for someone to approach her from behind and fuck her hard. Alan involuntarily thrust his hips in a fucking motion but once again came up with nothing but air.
