 Monday morning, I wonder what kind of trouble I can get into today. After the last week, it was a wonder I survived. I was shocked that there were that many women in one place that would put out to almost a virtual stranger, especially one that is a little obnoxious although polite to a certain degree.

I pulled into the parking lot and was greeted with Linda's car in her usual parking spot. She apparently had just gotten in since she was still in the car. I parked and walked over to her and greeted her as she got out of her car and spread those long legs to greet me. With a smile on my face I collected the books and documents she apparently worked on this weekend, although I don't know when.

She asked about Vivian, the young lady who seemed to be on a mission to suck me dry. I told her truthfully that I did not intend for that to happen although she did give off certain "vibes" that she was submissive. She also gave off vibes that she was extremely sexual and THAT I did take advantage of.

We talked a bit more about Viv and decided that she would be a good guest at her next party in a couple of weeks. I was a little hesitant but Linda convinced me that Viv would be a natural, especially since she was so submissive. I had nothing to do with Viv the previous weekend although I do believe it was possible. I did feel a little responsible for introducing the two of them but I also felt that Viv could say no. I'd approach her later this week.

I did my normal walk through of the building looking for potential problems and finding none I went to the little cubbyhole I called an office. I noticed the door was cracked a little and pushing it open I was treated to a nicely rounded ass being presented to me with the skirt above the waist showing that the owner of this fine ass was totally naked not only without panties but hair too.

I walked to the chair that was situated in front of Viv and sat down after locking the door and dropping my Levi's. I just sat down and spread my legs as Viv dove between my thighs and engulfed my penis all the way to the balls. The woman had a Hoover for a mouth and absolutely NO gag reflex. I felt her throat muscles start to massage me as she attempted to swallow me. I was soon on the verge of cumming when she pulled away for breath and then started to suck me a little at a time getting me prepared for better things to come.

Viv soon started the back and forth face-fucking action she seemed addicted to and as a final act, again swallowed me whole and started the swallowing action again. I couldn't hold back any more and poured the first load of the day into her mouth. She pulled back to taste it all as I kept cumming in a steady stream that almost seemed as if I was urinating in her mouth. Slowing down, I watched her take all of my cum and swirl it around in her mouth like mouth wash, before swallowing, visibly happy with her accomplishment.

Looking up to me she just smiled and said, "Good morning Sir."

"Good morning, Viv." I answered as she laid her head on my leg.

I then got up and pulled on my Levi's, looking at the clock I see that it is 7:55 and only 5 more minutes before I should be at the Facilities Manager's office.

Lifting Viv by the hand I promise her we'll do a long lunch if she can swing it. With a knowing smile on her face she only smiled and said she'd be ready at 12 sharp.

She left and I took stock of the office, and jotting some notes for the Facilities Manager I left to see what would greet me in that office.

Knocking on the door before I went in, I saw Phyllis jump to her feet as soon as I walked into the office. "So far so good," I thought to myself. I noticed that she was wearing a gray business suit with a white silk blouse under the jacket, nylons and heels that showed her legs off to their best advantage.

I asked what she had going today and where she may need me. I had a lot of fun just watching the expressions crossing her face wondering if I was going to "inspect" her or was I really asking what needed to be done.

After a few seconds she indicated that she needed the new offices finished out and that the first of the Executives would be arriving this week. We talked a bit more about what she wanted done to the offices and how the furniture should be laid out. After we had made all the decisions about the days activities, I asked if she had a minute. Looking up as if she were a deer caught in the headlights she said, "yes." I then closed and locked the door and approached her. 

She immediately looked at the second button down on my shirt and then asked how she could help me. I simply lifted her chin and lightly brushed her lips with mine. I could feel the intake of breath as I kissed her lightly. I then wrapped both arms around her and pulled her to me in a tighter embrace. One that left no doubt that I wanted her next to me. As she came into my arms I dropped my hands to her ass and caressing it I felt no panty lines. I felt her soft breasts mash against my chest as she leaned into my embrace. Breaking the contact I then walked to the door and opening it left to start the days work. Messing with her mind was a lot of fun. She didn't know which way to jump. As long as it was into my arms I didn't care.

Walking by Viv's cubicle I looked over the top and said hello, just in time to see her pull her hand out from under her skirt. I stopped for a second and just looked at her and shook my head. She KNEW she was in trouble.

I went up to the second floor and started in on the work that was laid out for the day. Around 10:00 I decided to take a break and walked over to Linda's office. Knocking first I walked in and grabbed a cup of coffee for me and one for her. We talked a bit and I asked if she had any "toys" here at work. A smile broke on her face as she said of course, I then asked about a butt plug. She reached into her desk drawer and I'll be damned if she didn't pull out a butt plug that was two inches in diameter and about 6 inches long. 

She asked if it was for me with a giggle, I just said, " No, it's for a naughty girl who needs a little reminder."

We talked for a little more then asked if she wanted to join Viv and myself for lunch. Linda begged off. Smiling, she said her husband was picking her up for a nooner. Who am I, to infringe on a husband's entertainment?

11:58 and a light knock on my office door announced that Viv was there for lunch. Opening the door, I allowed her in. I locked the door behind her and placed an "Out to Lunch" sign on it.

Taking her into my arms I lowered my face to hers, just barely licking her lips as we came into kissing range. I pulled her blouse, a nice plaid one, out of her skirt and then sat down and told her to remove her clothes. She looked at me and smiled as she unbuttoned her blouse. Removing it she let it drop on the chair and then unbuttoned her skirt. Letting it drop to her feet she stepped out of it and then bent over to pick it up. Her breasts were swinging freely with no support and her thighs were glistening with her juices as the tops of her stockings stopped the flow from going down the rest of her legs.

I then told her to lie down on the desk, as she must be rewarded for the pleasure she gave me this morning. I bent my head forward and slowly licked her thighs. Just below the lace of the thigh hi stockings. She could feel me, the moisture from my mouth mingled with the moisture from her. She tasted great. Then as I got to the area just above the lace I felt the silky smoothness of her thighs as she opened them for me. I continued to lick and nibble her thighs and eventually reached up and pulled her to the edge of my desk where her ass was resting and her pussy was available to me. I then slowly licked her shaved slit up and down. Not penetrating more than a ½ inch with my tongue. Just enjoying the taste and stopping at her little nubbin of a clit. I continued to do this for 5 minutes, just licking as a cat licks milk, nothing fancy. My ministrations were getting to Viv as she started to fuck the air with her bald pussy every time I started to lick her. I just continued as if she we laying still.

I had myself situated so I could watch her and still lick her pussy. She kept trying to get more of my tongue into her but I just continued. Slowly driving her to the edge where she had to bite her hand to keep from screaming. Then just as she was about to climax, I backed off and started on her thighs again. Avoiding her pussy as I licked her thighs clean of juices that were running freely from her hole. I worked my way back to the junction of her legs and started the licking routine again. Not penetrating but slowly driving her to the edge again.

She arched herself up to capture more of my tongue as I backed off again, she reached down and taking in two handfuls of hair she pulled me into her pussy. Grinding her snatch against my face, I raised up and licked her clit enough to make sure it was standing up. I then reached under her and cupping her two ass cheeks I pulled her to me and gently used her clit as a pacifier. She went off like a Roman candle. As she was just coming down her ass hit the desk trapping my hands under her; I then went for her clit again. This time though, I bit down on it a little more forcefully and treated it like the mouthpiece of a kazoo. Giving it the buzz that you do when you try to play one.

Viv immediately went off again. This time flooding her ass crack, my hands and the desk with her juices. I reached into the small drawer next to me and pulled out the butt plug I had borrowed from Linda that morning. I slid it gently into Viv's pussy, making sure it was well coated with her juices then while it was still embedded in her I slipped one then two fingers into her ass. As she wiggled down on them in pleasure I pulled the plug form her swampy pussy and gently pushed it into her ass.

This was not the finger she was expecting and as her eyes opened, she realized that the fingers had been removed and something a little larger was being introduced. She looked down and not seeing anything but the top of my head. She looked at me and I just smiled and said,"That was for this morning. This was for playing with yourself in the cubicle without permission." I then pushed quickly and watched as the entire plug went into her ass. Stretching her bottom then watching her bottom suck it in as the widest part went past her sphincter. I also heard her intake of breath at the sudden intrusion and then the exhale, as the plug was nestled into her bottom. 

"You can take it out tonight at home but while you are here today, you'll wear it regardless of what you are doing." I told her.

She looked at me and smiled. I had never run across someone who needed to be dominated the way this one did. Oh, well it takes all kinds.

I then stood up and she looked at my dick. It had fully inflated to its 8-inch length and I just stepped up and slid into her pussy. She was so wet I would imagine she could have taken a lot more. Something we'll have to explore together I'm sure.

I just stood there as she had her pussy muscles do the same thing her throat did when she had me in her mouth. She milked me to the point I could almost not stand it any more. I started to fuck bake into her and I could feel her muscles tighten as I pulled out and then loosen just a little as I pushed back in. I continued this and as I was about to blast into her she tightened her legs around me and moaned to give it to her hard. I slammed into her fully moving her three or four inches on the desktop. I then pulled her hips to me as I fucked into her. I could feel the tightness of her caused by the butt plug. It was truly held in place and I could tell it was forcing my dick to touch places that normally were not massaged. Viv was just quivering and shaking as I emptied my load into her. 

I could tell she physically relaxed as I pumped spurt after spurt into her and she was coming down from her own orgasm. As she relaxed more, I started to pull out and felt her tighten even more around me as she had a smaller orgasm then let go. 

Viv was sweaty and her hair was disheveled and she was breathing hard as she came down. Slowly I again attempted to withdraw. I was successful this time and as I pulled out I saw her pussy gap slowly close and the string of semen stay inside of her.

She then rolled over and almost off the desk if I had not caught her. She sat up and the butt plug let itself be known. Forcing it into her with her own weight She smiled up at me and thanked me for her "reward" and her "punishment". I knew she would wear it all day and probably most of the night.

Life was good and I was a total asshole to make Viv wear the plug but she had to learn what her limits were. Unfortunately I think it may have backfired. She took to this like a duck to water so I thought I'd explore a little more with her that night over drinks.

I stopped off and asked if she wanted to catch happy hour after work. Since it was Monday, I knew the local watering holes would be quiet. She gladly accepted and we set the place we'd meet after work.

I went off to continue the workload for the day. As I was passing Phyllis' office when I decided to check on a few things. I knocked on the doorframe and sticking my head in I said hello. Phyllis jumped up; I motioned her to remain seated. I walked over to her desk and let her know what was going on where the offices had been done and then to ask when the furniture was going to be delivered.

We talked for a while and as I was watching her I asked if everything was all right. She got up and then went to the door. She closed it and then turned around and walking to me, she asked, "Do you tease all the time?" 

"You haven't paid any attention to me since this morning and I really did dress for you today." I looked her up and down. I do like a well-dressed lady. She had on the required high heels, stockings, and what seemed to be stockings. I knew from this mornings embrace she didn't have panties on. I just looked at her and reminded her that while she was dressed for me, I would take her when it pleased ME. 

She then surprised me by saying that just dressing this morning and coming to work dressed as she was turned her on. Knowing she was dressed in a business suit with nothing under it was a turn on. Walking through the building dressed as she was thrilled her to the point that she had butterflies in her stomach and juices running down her legs. She finished by telling me she wanted to taste me on her tongue as she swallowed my juices. She was sure she too would have an orgasm just from tasting me.

I got up then and thought I would have some fun. I told her I really wanted her take all of my juices down her throat but was afraid that if we continued in her office with the door closed it would create suspicion. I told her to come to my office where the door was usually closed in 5 minutes. I then left her there as I walked out and stopped off at Viv's cubicle and told her to come to my office in 30 minutes.

I had just stepped into my office when Phyllis followed me in and then closed the door. I did not lock it however and slowly took her clothes off. First her jacket, I was surprised and pleased to see the white silk blouse underneath was totally transparent. I could see her hard nipples as they stuck out from her breasts. I pinched them lightly through the material until they were as hard and big around as thimbles. Teasing her breasts was a joy. I removed her blouse and then gently caressed her breasts and lowered my head to kiss and nibble on them. I stood back and with my arms extended forward, I squeezed her nipples harder until I could see her eyes start to water. I told her to remove her skirt. She undid the side buttons and dropped it where she stood. It formed a puddle around her feet as she stood there. Her nipples being teased and squeezed. The black thigh highs were a magnificent contrast to her white skin. I then picked up her skirt and laid it along with her blouse and jacket on the chair behind the desk. I took her then. I laid her on the desk and fucked her. We did not make love, we fucked. I slipped into her ready and willing pussy and just pounded her. I slowed down and made it last and then started up again. 

Just as I thought I could take no more, Phyllis, clamped down on my dick with her pussy muscles and that was all there was. I started to cum in her pussy. Flooding it with my jism and then I lifted her feet to my shoulders. Resting them there so no juice could come out. I then moved to my chair, sat down and motioned for her to get on her knees and start sucking. Well she did, after all, want to drink me down as expressed in her office.

Phyllis was kneeling on a packing blanket, totally naked except for her thigh highs. I pulled another blanket off the equipment rack in my office and dropped it over her, just enough to cover her from her waist to her head. My timing couldn't have been more perfect. Just as I caressed her hair under the blanket, my door opened and Viv slipped in without looking into the office.

As she closed and locked the door she looked over at me and I placed my finger against my lips indicating silence. She almost jumped out of her skirt when she saw that someone was on her knees. Even though she couldn't see her head or identify who it was, it was obvious what was going on under the blanket. I motioned for Viv to get on her knees behind Phyllis and start to lick her dripping pussy. With a wicked smile Viv dropped to her knees and leaning in so only her tongue would touch her she started to lick the jism from Phyllis that was leaking down her thighs.

Phyllis gave a short scream around my dick but I held her head in place. She continued to suck me as she was getting her pussy eaten by an unknown and you could tell she was enjoying it too as she became even more animated with her sucking as she came closer to her climax. Viv just loved to do for others I was finding out. After the initial shock of finding a naked lady on her knees Viv just went with the program. Once she let the other woman know she was there it was no more Miss nice person. She grabbed Phyllis around the waist and tried to bury her head in the girls' pussy. Viv just pushed into her I knew her nose was in Phyllis' ass and her tongue was as far into her as possible. I could hear the slurping sounds of Viv's tongue as she drank the juices and then caused more to be produced when she ran out of my juices.

I watched as Viv physically started shaking with her own orgasm even though I know she was not masturbating with her fingers she must have been sitting on her heel. After she finished shaking I tapped her head and motioned for the door. She stood up, licking her lips as she let herself out, locking and closing the door behind her.

Phyllis was just coming down from her orgasm as I again felt myself begin to shoot. I watched Phyllis swallow my juice. Watching her throat contract with each effort.

As she finished she came out from under the blanket and asked what that was about and who it was. I told her, I just thought it would be fun to have one of my "girls" go down on the other without either of them knowing who the other person was.

In order to assure her anonymity I left the office first. I would not put it past Viv to try and discover who was on her knees in my office. As Phyllis left I caressed her ass and let her know that she and I would have some quality time together soon.

Phyllis to her credit never once looked up but simply said, "Yes Sir" as she walked away.