 A MORNING WITH CATHLEEN

Cathleen and Walt were in bed Saturday morning engaged in anal sex. She had already orgasmed twice using his mouth and his cock. Walt's live-in girlfriend, Bobbi a flight attendant, was gone until Sunday and Cathleen's husband had pulled another one of his all-nighters. The only time they got together at Walt's condo was when Bobbi was flying and Jerry stayed out.

It was a rare position for them with him on top and her face down. His weight was on his elbows placed at her sides as he drilled her bottom. With each thrust she pushed her ass up to meet his cock. Their hips slapped together and with each deep thrust she groaned.

"Uh, uh, uh," she uttered.

They had started out in their normal position with him kneeling behind her fucking her ass slowly. He caressed her buttocks and he savored every minute of being in her bottom. Her head was on the mattress with her face turned to the side. He could watch the dreamy expression as she relished the penetration. Suddenly for some reason she moved forward and he stayed with her keeping his cock in her ass.

He shifted his weight to his elbows so as not to crush her and resumed fucking her. The intensity picked up and the only sounds in the room were their bodies coming together and her frequent groans. It had been sometime since they fucked in this position and Walt remembered the first time in the hotel. It had been so physical but so exciting and he shot one of his biggest loads ever. This one would be big too as it was his first of the day.

One more deep thrust and she raised her ass to meet it. He held still in her and she maintained her position as he ejaculated into her rectum. Several forceful streams shot into her and she loved the sensation. She liked it when he came so much and filled her with his seed. They didn't move except for her using her sphincter to squeeze his shaft. Eventually, he pulled out and rolled to his back alongside of her. She collapsed on her belly and they both breathed deeply.

"Oh my, that was great. I love it when you cum like that."

"I was pretty charged. You are one great fuck."

"Do you have anything planned or can I hang out for a while?"

"You can stay all day of you like. I was only going to workout this morning but now I feel as if I just had one."

"Speaking about workouts, I have to tell you about this girl Holly in my aerobics class."

"What's up with that?"

"She's divorced and about my age 36. She's pretty and kind of reminds me of the actress Rebecca de Mornay. Anyway, she has befriended me and we had stopped for a drink after class a few times. You know those touchy, feely types? Well she is one of those. She is always touching me when we talk. Her touches got bolder and one day she leaned in and kissed me."

"Wow, is she gay?"

"I think she likes girls more than guys. The divorce was ugly. She could be bisexual?"

"So, what happened?"

"She was embarrassed and apologized immediately for kissing me. I told her that it was okay and then I asked her if she wanted to eat my pussy."

"Holy shit! What did she do?"

"After turning beet red, she composed herself and whispered that she would very much like to do that. We finished our drinks and went to her place."

"I remember you told me that you had one female experience before you were married. So how did it go?"

"Fantastic, she is a good lover. I came quickly and then she asked me if I had ever eaten pussy. I lied and told her no. She then asked if I would eat hers and I agreed. I had her climbing the walls and her juices gushed into my mouth."

"Jesus, that's wild."

"We rested a bit and then we did a 69. It was hot."

"I bet. Are you going to see her some more?"

"We gotten together a few times and we used strap-on dildos. She still likes penetration. I think I could talk her into a threesome if you're interested."

"Definitely, she sounds hot and pretty from how you described her."

"I don't think we could do it in her place. I was thinking of inviting her to the interlude sometime when we are going there."

"Interlude sounds perfect, I'll be available when you're ready."

"What about Bobbi?"

"I'll handle that just as I do when I go out with you. Sometimes it's easier to seek forgiveness than ask permission. I'll just say I was out with the guys. This discussion got me hard again." 

"Good, I'm hot too. Fuck my pussy this time but I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to taste you."

They had sex again and after she orgasmed he moved his cock to her mouth. She took his load and swallowed it as she always did in oral sex. Later they showered, dressed and went out to eat. Following brunch, Cathleen headed home and Walt returned to the condo.

BACKGROUND

Cathleen was Walt's Administrative Assistant, formerly his secretary. She had worked for him for five years and they had been having an affair for the last three years. She was now 36 years old but very fit and a good lover. At 5'5" and 130 pounds she was solid and had a nice figure. She was basically flat chested but had lovely shapely legs and a marvelous round curvy ass.

Walt also 36 years old was a young successful executive. He stood at 6'1" and weighed a fit 195. He loved recreational sports; golf, skiing and SCUBA diving were his favorites and he was religious about working out and staying fit. He usually hit the fitness center at the condo complex before work each day.

The affair started three years earlier when, Walt had a reception for his managers. The secretaries were invited too. He held it in a hotel suite since Bobbi was home and she didn't want them in the condo. Cathleen stayed around after the others left under the pretense of helping cleanup. She was wearing a snug once piece cocktail outfit and it showed off her magnificent ass. 

As they placed glasses and dishes on the counter, Walt kept checking her ass out. He playfully patted her on the bottom and she turned around and smiled at him. Minutes later he did it again and she wiggled her ass in response. He had gotten a woody and he did not use good judgement. This time he grabbed a buttock and whispered to her.

"You have a great ass."

"If you want my ass, you have to earn it first."

That did it all caution was thrown to the wind and minutes later they were naked in the hotel room bed. She sucked his cock, he ate her pussy, then they fucked. She orgamsed a few times and he came once. 

"You did good, now you can have my ass. Use some cream."

He got out of bed and got the hotel supplied lotion from the bathroom. When he returned she was on her knees with her head on the mattress. She had arched her back and her ass was irresistible. He got behind her and liberally applied the lotion to her anus and his cock. He moved forward and eased his cock into her ever so slowly.

"Oh my," she gasped, "You really know someone is in your ass with your cock."

He was gentle and moved slowly. She opened up some more, soon his dick was sliding in and out easily. It was obvious that he wasn't the first to venture into that territory. He wanted to last as long as possible and each time he got close he slowed down to delay his ejaculation. She then called out.

"Give it to me, give me your cum. I want to feel it."

A few minutes later, he was shooting a substantial load into her bottom. It had been a while since they both had anal sex and they loved it. She used her sphincter to grip and clench his cock until he slowly backed away. He looked at her anus and watched his seed ooze out and trickle over her pussy before dripping onto the bedsheets. It was one hot scene.

That's how the affair started and then their coupling happened more frequently and they took more risks. They brought sex into the office but limited it to oral and masturbation. Other sexual encounters took place in hotels, romantic interludes and occasionally in his car. Tuesdays or Thursdays after her aerobic classes is when they usually hooked up at the interlude. They never tired of each other and never got bored. Interestingly enough they never kissed, it was pure sexual gratification not love. 

Bobbi, the flight attendant, was a decent lover but could not match Cathleen's skills. She did not do anal and never would even consider it. Oral sex was okay but she did not want him to cum in her mouth. She would suck him to get him hard so he could fuck her. They had been living together for over a year and the desire was beginning to wane on his part.

Jerry, Cathleen's husband, was a boozer. He also was a user and it was getting worse. Sometimes he showed up at the house with his friends and they would do coke. Cathleen would not hang around and she would leave the house. If Bobbi was out of town, she drove over to Walt's. Otherwise she crashed at her girlfriend and co-worker, Nancy's apartment. Sex with them had become one way for his pleasure only. He was often too drunk or stoned to do anything. They were on a collision course for a divorce.

MEETING HOLLY

After giving Walt one of her signature blow jobs on Monday in the office, he reciprocated and ate her pussy. As they were tidying up and putting their clothes back in place, she mentioned that she and Holly were stopping for a drink on Tuesday after aerobics. She told him the bar and the time they would be there.

"I thought it would be a good opportunity for you to meet her and check her out."

"Bobbi is home so I can't stay late."

"Just have a drink with us so she gets to meet you."

"Okay, I'll see you there tomorrow evening."

That evening at his condo, Bobbi was in a loving mood and after dinner and wine, they had sex. He was glad that he only came once at the office so he was able to pleasure his girlfriend. She had orgasmed several times before her came and she was sexually satisfied.

"You know Sheila, the flight attendant right?"

"Sure, the one married to Rob."

"She invited me to a home show at her place tomorrow evening. It one of the candle and scent shows. I told her I would check with you but I was sure you would be okay with me going."

"Absolutely, actually a vendor had asked me to meet for a drink tomorrow. I wanted to check with you first."

"Good, I tell Sheila that I'll be there."

"I should be home by 9:00PM or earlier."

"The show will run for a couple of hours and food and drink will be served."

They kissed, cuddled up and dozed off. They always cuddled in the spoon position. Walt would be up early to workout before he went to the office. He had a pretty full day at the office but not so full so that he and Cathleen had oral sex again. He worked late and then headed to the lounge where the girls planned to stop.

Walt walked in the lounge and spotted the two of them seated together. He acted as if he didn't see them right away and went to the bar and ordered a drink. Acting as if he was looking for someone he canned the place and saw Cathleen looking at him. She waved at him and he approached their table.

"Hi, I'm surprised to see you here."

"Oh, Holly and I stop her after aerobics. What are you doing here?"

"I'm supposed to meet one of our suppliers here. I thought he would be here by now."

"Walt this is Holly. She and I are in the same aerobics class."

"Nice to meet you Holly."

Holly blushed slightly but replied, "It's nice to meet you too."

"Well, I'm going back to the bar. I don't want to intrude on your time."

"I'll see you tomorrow."

"Right, good-evening ladies."

Walt went back to the bar and ordered another scotch rocks. He acted as if he was expecting someone as he looked at the entrance frequently. Holly whispered to Cathleen.

"He is good looking. He's your boss?"

"Yes, he is a great boss and a great lover."

"Did I hear you correctly" A great lover, you two are having an affair?"

"Yes, we have been for three years. He is the best lover ever."

"Does anyone else know about you two?"

"Just you now. We are very discreet. I only told you because we are lovers and I trust you."

"I don't know what to say."

"You know it looks like his vendor blew him off. I'm going to invite him to sit with us, okay?"

"I guess, are you still coming over tonight."

"Definitely."

Cathleen got up and walked over to Walt at the bar. They role played perfectly and he acted as if he didn't want to intrude. She insisted it was okay ad he should join them. He paid the bartender and joined them at the table. The waitress came by and he ordered another round for them.

"Sorry Holly, I hope you don't mind. It looks like I got stood up. I won't stay long."

"No problem, I understand."

For the next hour they had a pleasant and engaging conversation. They shared information about where they grew up, went to school and the jobs they had. It was obvious that Holly had become very comfortable with him and he often had both women laughing. Sex was never a topic of conversation which put Holly at ease. At one point he checked his watch and said that he should get going. The women said they were leaving too. Walt paid the check treating them to the drinks and then said goodnight.

Holly and Cathleen drove to Holly's house and once inside, they kissed and embraced. Minutes later they were naked in Holly's bed in a 69-position pleasuring each other. That was the warm-up and then they used the strap-on dildo. They took turns fucking each other and after several orgasms they took a break. Holly served up some white wine for them and they sat naked in her bed.

"Cathleen, you are a wonderful lover. You are so passionate with me, it's hard to imagine you with Walt."

"Believe me we are passionate. He is a great lover and he has a beautiful cock. It's about the same size as your dildo."

"Oh my."

"You like the penetration, have you thought about being with a man again?"

"Not really, I kind of like where I am."

"Walt and I discussed having a threesome in the future but it would have to be with someone we trust. Would you consider that?"

"Did you tell him about us?"

"No silly, not yet but if you up for joining us, I'll tell him."

"I don't know. I have to think about it."

"He and I go to this romantic interlude sometimes. It really cool and erotic. If you agree that's where we would get together. Besides if you didn't like it, you could leave at any time."

"I don't know. You've given me a lot to think about."

"Well, promise me that you will consider it."

"I will. Can we make love again before you leave?"

"Of course." 

A THREESOME AT THE INTERLUDE

Two weeks later on a Tuesday evening after aerobics, the three of them met up at the romantic interlude. Walt was already in the room but he remained dressed so as not to shock Holly. When the women arrived, Holly appeared very nervous. Walt had brought wine with him and he pored everyone a glass. Holly was still apprehensive but she was beginning to relax. No one was rushing the action. Cathleen then said.

"Holly and I are going to take a shower."

"Okay, I'll get the Jacuzzi ready while you do that."

Walt turned on the water and added oil beads as it filled up. The girls showered together and washed each other. They played with each other's body which got them both in the mood for sex. Holly was surprised when Cathleen douched her ass. 

"Walt loves my ass. He will love yours too."

"You do anal with him?"

"Yes, we both love it."

"I can't do that."

"That's okay if you can't take his cock but I know he will like to rim you so you should douche your ass too."

"Rim me?"

"Run his tongue over your anus. I love it the sensation is fantastic."

Cathleen then took the initiative and douched Holly's ass. The water was starting to get cooler so they got out of the shower. They didn't bother to dry off but went right into the Jacuzzi tub when they came out of the bathroom. Walt was already in the tub with the jets running. He smiled at both of them and admired Holly's body seeing it for the first time. She had nice tits, he guessed 34B, a slim waist, nice legs and a curvy bottom. She had tied up her long blonde hair. 

They entered the tub and Cathleen had Holly sit between her and Walt. They kissed her and caressed her and she was getting excited. Cathleen sat up on the edge of the tub and beckoned Holly to eat her. Holly moved into position and began to eat pussy. She felt Walt's hands on her hips and he lifted her bottom out of the water. He pressed his face between her legs and licked her pussy from behind. She felt his tongue probed her pussy and then run up toward her anus. When he licked the taut rubbery ring, she thought she would leap out of the tub. 

Holly could hardly keep her body from twitching and jerking in the tub. She had never felt a sensation like that and she never knew her anus could be such an erogenous zone. Cathleen tapped her head to reminder her to get back to eating pussy. Walt's tongue was driving her mad and she couldn't believe that someone would actually stick their tongue in another person's bottom. Then she recalled Cathleen douching her ass and now she understood. She resumed eating her friend's pussy but she knew that she was close to her first orgasm.

Holly continued to eat Cathleen but with some difficulty because of what Walt was doing to her. No man had ever pleasured her so much with his tongue. He licked her from her clit to her anus and back again. Finally, he just settled on her clit and gently nibbled it send her over the edge. She groaned into Cathleen's pussy as she climaxed and her juices flowed into Walt's mouth. Holly lost control and her hips flailed about. Walt moved away and she sat back down in the Jacuzzi.

"I need to cum. I was so close," Cathleen called out as she moved onto Walt's lap.

He was hard as she knew he would be and she mounted his cock. She told Holly to play with her tits so the pretty blonde moved behind her and wrapped her arms around Cathleen and fondled the small tits. The nipples were hard and she twirled them in her fingers. Cathleen had both hands on Walt's shoulders as she rode him and fucked herself on his cock. She felt her climax approaching and she called out to her lovers.

"Oh God, I'm cumming. Hold me, hold me both of you, hold me tight."

Walt wrapped his arms around her as she orgasmed and collapsed on his lap. He pulled her to him with Holly's hands still on her tits. Holly's breasts pressed into Walt's forearms as they both held to the quivering Cathleen. They stayed coupled together for several minutes as Cathleen slowly came back from an intense orgasm. Knowing that Walt had not cum yet, she told him to sit on the edge of the Jacuzzi.

Holly stared at the big dick sticking straight up and watched as Cathleen took it in her mouth. After a few bobs, Cathleen removed her mouth and spoke to Holly.

"Do you want to taste him too?"

"I don't think I'm there yet. I'm not ready to do that."

Cathleen shrugged her shoulders and then returned to sucking cock. She was good and Holly watched her technique. She felt as if she should do something so she reached for Walt's testicles. Even that was a big step for her that night. She fondled the taut ball sac as Cathleen continued to suck his cock. Then it was his turn to cum and he warned Cathleen. Normally she would stay on him and take his load in her mouth but she decided to let Holly see him cum. She removed her mouth and stroked his dick until he ejaculated.

"Oh ho, look at it all," Cathleen remarked.

Holly watched in awe as the first stream shot a foot into the air and landed in the water. Several more streams followed and then the rest just oozed out as Cathleen stroked him. Some landed on Holly's arm and she quickly washed it off in the bubbly water. Cathleen then took the cock back in her mouth and sucked it clean. Walt slipped back into the Jacuzzi and this time he sat between the gals. He put his arms around them and pulled them close to him. They stayed like that for a while with him fondling their breasts before he suggested getting out.
