 Did you ever feel instantly in tune with someone you just met? When you get the feeling you've known someone all your life? Well, it's happened to me several times and it always leaves me wondering what it is about that person that elicited that type of response. Why did I so quickly let my guard down and trust that person, shared all kinds of details of my life and chatted with him or her as if we've been best friends forever?

Although this may read like a fantasy at times, this and all my stories are true and actually happened to me, and not just in a wet dream. Sometimes I'm still amazed at some of the encounters I've had, that's why I decided to start writing them down. And as I read them again, I realize that some sound like fantasies come true.

I've always had the ability to chat someone up over almost any topic, especially if I'm not trying to pick them up. Of course, if I am trying to pick someone up, I usually fail miserably. That's why I usually go into any encounter with someone new, especially a beautiful woman, as nonchalantly as possible. Maybe women sense sexual desperation like dogs smell fear? Anyway, I've often had some of my most incredible sexual encounters right after I'd told myself that nothing would ever happen with the person I had just met. It's gotten to the point where I usually go into a situation expecting nothing, that way I'm often pleasantly surprised when something good does happen.

It was with that frame of mind that I went to my friend Matt's place for a small party with some people from our college. Matt was a teammate on the varsity soccer squad. He was a really funny guy with a great personality and had invited several really good-looking women as well as some of the guys from the team to his house for beers. I was a freshman and Matt was a sophomore on the team. The funny part was that Matt, like me, was one of the shorter guys at our school. In fact, of the best players on the soccer team, three of us were also the shortest. I was the team's high scorer, which just means I had lots of help and good passing.

Our soccer team often practiced indoors when it rained too hard. We would share the gym with the volleyball team. Because of that, we had gotten close to many of the volleyball players, who happened to be very sexy in their short shorts. For the Einsteins reading this, yes, it was a female volleyball team. The party was evenly divided into guys and girls.

I knew most of the people at the party, but I was really surprised to see Sue at the party. Sue was the best friend of a friend of mine, Julie. Although we had met several times before through Julie, Sue had never really talked to me and acted like she didn't care for me. Sue was 5'9, very blond and tan, with beautiful blue eyes and almost model-like features. Her body was very taut and athletic, a stunning 34C-22-34. She had very long legs which were very toned from hours of tennis.

Maybe I should describe myself, which would explain Sue's apparent disinterest in me. I'm rather short, black hair and green eyes, with a stocky "wrestler's" build. Not exactly the type of guy that would attract some blonde beach-babe, which is how I saw Sue. The obvious physical mis-match, as well as her reluctance to speak to me in the past led me to quickly dismiss the notion that anything might/could/would happen with Sue.

We each mingled for quite a while when I bumped into Sue again over by one of the couches. "Can I get you a beer?" I asked her.

"Sure, thanks. Get yourself one too and come sit with me." The smile she gave me could've melted the iceberg that sank the Titanic.

"What the fuck?" I thought to myself. Those words equaled more than the total number of words she'd ever spoken to me before. We started talking about everything and nothing, including about Julie.

"You know, Julie really likes you. She thinks you're a great guy."

"Umm, well, I like Julie too. She's really cool. I think she just likes me because I'm Italian, like her car." I tried to make a joke of it since I could never take a compliment and didn't know where Sue was going with this.

Julie and I had always been close, but in a non-sexual way. We were good friends, nothing more. Well, she was friends with me, I adored Julie's 36DDs, but Sue didn't need to know that. Julie could've been the biggest bitch in the world, and I still would've kissed her ass. But the fact that she was really fun and drove a hot Italian sports car made it all the better.

"Well, she talks about you all the time. She says you even play tennis."

"Yeah, I played two years in high school", I told her. "I saw you when we lost to your school last year. I ended playing the second doubles match but you were at the other end of the court."

"I'm sorry, I didn't know you back then since Julie and I weren't friends then", she told me.

The conversation seemed to be different, Sue treating me like an equal rather than just an acquaintance. Maybe Julie really had told her I was an okay guy. Or maybe it was the realization that high school was over and as a freshman in college, you had to start over.

We talked for quite a while, and since I knew this was going nowhere, joked a lot and regaled her with some of my best comic material. I let my hair down and was myself since I didn't feel anything sexual between us, even though I thought Sue was gorgeous.

After a while she saw one of Matt's Penthouse magazines next to the fireplace. "Did you ever read any of the stories in that?" she asked, pointing at the magazine. "Yeah, I think they're pretty funny and hot. Ever notice how the guys are always the biggest studs and can pick up any woman that walks in the door?"

Sue laughed that really cute laugh. Little did she know that I was intently watching her pert tits jiggle under her tank top as she did. Luckily she had thrown her head back slightly and closed her eyes. Damn, it sure was good beer if it made me seem funny to her.

"Well, I think they're written by pros, they can't be true." She rolled her eyes as she said it and all I could think was, "Woohoo, here's my opening."

"You know, I've had some experiences like that," I lied. "Stuff like that happens to me all the time." Sue almost fell off the couch laughing, but I was able to slip my arm behind her to keep from hitting her head on the mantle.

Suddenly we became very aware of our surrounding. "Do you wanna talk some more in Matt's room?" I asked her. She seemed to change suddenly, looking somewhat flushed and more serious.

"Yeah, sure," she said and got up off the couch.

I followed that perfect ass as if in a trance. Sue walked into Matt's bedroom, turned at the door to let me walk through, and then closed the door behind me. I felt like I was walking in a dream, hopefully a wet one, but still just a dream. Little did I think the evening would turn out like this. Just having Sue in the bedroom charged every nerve in my body like I was wired for 220.

Haha, if only she knew how far over my head I was at that point.

The talk must've gotten her hot because we decided to continue our conversation in private. We went to Matt's bedroom and sat on his bed while we talked some more. Eventually we started kissing and doing some light petting. Time must've flown since Matt was knocking on the door insisting to have his bedroom back. I suggested to Sue that we could continue "talking" at my house. Being a freshman at a local college I still lived at home, but knew my parents would be in bed by then.

Sue followed me in her car and the ride seemed to take forever. We went to our TV room, which I knew my parents stayed out of and would afford us lots of privacy. It turned out that Sue was talked out and wanted to get right down to it. We started kissing again as I began pulling her shirt off. What greeted me was the perkiest set of breasts encased in a white sports bra that showed off her tan skin. I couldn't wait to undo the clasp so I could suck on her perfectly conical tits and pointy nipples.

She seemed to lose any inhibitions as she pushed the Levi's off her slim hips to reveal equally sexy white panties. Her body was flawless and it was at this point that I remember my earlier thought that nothing was going to happen tonight, especially not with Sue. Her blonde pussy hair was neatly trimmed and I couldn't wait to dive in. I trailed kisses down her flat stomach and soon found my head between her thighs.

I ate her for all I was worth, okay, for all an eighteen year-old was worth. Before long she was pulling me up to kiss my face, licking her juices off my lips and cheeks as I deftly entered her slick but tight little pussy. It took a bit to work my cock into her but soon we found a rhythm and depth of stroke that seemed to be to our mutual liking.

Even though I'm fairly average in size, her pussy seemed to be a half size too small, which made it all the harder to hold off cumming. I was intent on giving her at least one orgasm before cumming myself though. We went at it for what seemed forever but was actually only about half an hour when she stopped me. She said she wanted to give me head. Of course I said okay. She immediately dove onto my cock and started sucking like there was no tomorrow.

She seemed to really be enjoying herself, even more than when we'd been fucking. She was moaning and sucking, even though I was only running my hands over her breasts and sides. Her ministrations became more forceful, urging me to cum for her. I told her I was ready and she just clamped down on my cock and swallowed every drop. Amongst my spasms I felt a quiver go thru her body as well. She continued to lick me tenderly, looking up at me with those gorgeous blue eyes. Sensing my confusion, she finally took my cock out of her mouth and explained that she couldn't have an orgasm until she had sucked a cock first.

The thought of that kept me totally hard as I rolled her onto her back and slid my cock back into her. Even though I had just cum several minutes before that, I couldn't wait to fuck Sue some more. This time though, she fucked back as good as I was doing her. She came again and was really holding me tight as she kissed me, grinding her pelvic bone into mine, triggering my second orgasm of the night.

We cuddled for a while before she said she had to go. We never did repeat that session although we got together one more time when she just absolutely had to suck my dick again. When I asked if we could fuck she said no, that her fiancé wouldn't like it. I guess they had gotten much more serious by then. So I just laid back on her bed and enjoyed another one of her expert blowjobs, feeling her tits again and marveling at my luck.

I ended up talking to Julie about what had happened with Sue several weeks later and she just laughed. She admitted that Sue had a real oral fetish but the funniest thing was that she'd only given her fiancé one blowjob, acting like it's the first time she'd ever done it. Maybe it was her craving for giving blowjobs that made her call me.