 The Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day (control F version) 

Selene grabbed her bags from the cashier, grunting at the weight. She hadn't realized that she had bought so many groceries. No wonder the bill was so high. Walking to her car, she stopped to readjust the bags. Just then, the bottom of the bags collapsed, relieving themselves of the food they contained. The fixings for tonight's dinner and the next weeks' lunches were strewn on the ground. Apples rolled under cars, cans and boxes getting dented and broken, eggs smashing, leaving a yolky, gooey mess at her feet. 

"Dammit!" Selene swore, leaning down to try to collect what she could. 

A wind picked up, lifting the lighter items from the ground and blowing them across the parking lot. Her eyes followed her dinner as it disappeared behind the multitudes of cars. 

This was typical. The way her day had started was awful enough. Her boss had yelled at her, her sister cancelled their double date that night, and her boyfriend...well, let's just say he's not her boyfriend anymore. 

She felt a lump rising in her throat, the tears edging in her eyes. Selene angrily brought her sleeve up, wiping at the prickly feeling. 

Don't cry. Spilled groceries aren't worth crying over. Men aren't worth crying over. Dammit. 

Once her tears started, it was hard to stop. Sniffing, she knelt, trying to gather what groceries she could, praying she didn't need to go back into the store. Selene knew her face was tear streaked, her eyes were puffy and her nose runny. She didn't want to face anyone looking like this. 

"Hey!" a voice called from across the parking lot. 

Selene turned to see a tall man, his arms full of groceries, taking long strides towards her. She quickly scrubbed her face on her sleeve, trying to make it look like she wasn't crying. 

Yeah right. 

"Hey," he got to her, gesturing at her with the food in his arms. "I think these are yours." 

She looked up at him, sheepishly, praying he didn't notice the state of her face. She sniffed. "Thanks." 

His warm eyes scanned her face, his eyebrows furrowing in worry. "Are you okay?" 

Selene nodded. "Yeah, just one of those days." She started to try to collect her groceries from him, but he held on. 

"I'll help you take them to your car," he offered, nodding towards the other groceries on the ground. "You should grab those." 

"Right," she breathed out, kneeling to pick up the items. She stood, gesturing with her chin for the man to follow her. 

Walking to her car Selene tried not to think about how attractive this man was. He was strikingly tall, longish brown hair, and gorgeous hazel eyes. Apparently, he's also super nice. So nice, he had found Selene's groceries at the other end of the parking lot, gathered them and tried to find who they belonged to. 

Who does that? 

"I'm Justin," the man offered just as they got to her car. 

Apparently Justin does that. 

Shifting the groceries in her arms she fumbled for her keys to open the trunk. Luckily there's reusable bags in there. Selene had forgotten them when she went into the store and opted to buy the plastic ones. She dropped the groceries into one bag, then held the other for Justin to drop the ones he was holding into. 

"Selene," she replied, once she was empty handed, holding out her hand to him. 

Justin gripped it gently. "Nice to meet you, Selene." 

His gaze on her brought a flush to her cheeks. "Um, thanks for the help, Justin." 

"No problem, Selene, glad to help." A frown started to show on his face when he noticed tears welling up in her eyes again. "Are you okay?" 

Another pathetic sniffle escaped from her, and she swallowed down the lump in her throat. Shaking her head, Selene smiled sadly. "I've just had the adult version of The Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day." 

Justin sighed, "I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do?" 

She blinked, her eyes searching his face. She slowly shook her head. "No, no. I don't want to take up your time, Justin. Thanks again for your help." 

Justin moved forward slightly, his hand gripping her shoulder. "Do you," he blinked, his lips quirking to display adorable dimples. "Do you have any plans tonight?" 

"I did, but," Selene paused, swallowing, fighting back a fresh wave of tears. "But they fell through," she concluded. 

Justin's eyes lit up. "Good," he pauses when she quirked her head at him. "No, not good that they fell through, good that, well," he stopped himself, grinning when he realizes how silly he was sounding. "I mean, I would like to take you for dinner. Would you like to have dinner with me, Selene?" 

She pursed her lips, considering his request. On one hand she wasn't really ready for this, but on the other this gorgeous man was asking her out even after seeing her tear streaked, puffy face. So why not? 

"Yeah, Justin, I'd like that." 

__________________________ 

Looking in the mirror, Selene fussed with her hair, trying to get it to smooth down a bit. Her curls were forever unruly. She blinked at her reflection taking in her brown eyes, small nose, smattering of freckles and slightly full lips. A cold compress had done wonders on the puffiness she had from crying, and now she was passable for her date. 

Her date with Justin, the man from the parking lot. 

What am I doing? I should cancel, I'm not ready for this. 

The doorbell rang, making it too late for her to grab her cell to cancel. With a sigh she smoothed her skirt down, fluffed her hair and ran her tongue over her lips. Turning from the mirror she started towards the door. 

"Hey," Justin's bright smile greeted her as she swung open the door. His eyes made an appreciative pass down, then up her body. "You look..." 

Selene laughed, motioning him into the entryway. "Thanks, I just gotta grab my purse." 

Turning to grab her hand bag from the side table she tried to keep the flush from rising to her cheeks. Justin really cleaned up well. His broad shoulders were displayed in a slightly tight sweater, chinos sitting low on his hips, his eyes reflecting the colour of his shirt. 

What am I getting into? 

Taking a deep breath, she turned, taking Justin's offered arm and headed out the door. 

________________________________ 

"I'll have the t-bone, rare, fries and a pint of Millers," Selene told the waiter, handing him her menu. 

Justin's eyes were wide as she orders. "Um, just a Mediterranean salad with chicken, please. And a Miller's I guess." 

Once the waiter was out of earshot, Justin's attention turned back to Selene. "Wow, I think you'd put my brother to shame," he laughed. "He's a big eater, too." 

She blushed at his comment. "I like red meat." 

Justin chuckled. "I wasn't trying to, it was a compliment, Selene. I like women that eat real food," he reached for her hand, his fingers wrapping around hers delicately. 

Selene's blush deepened. Clearing her throat, she changed the subject. "So you have a brother?" 

This change of subject seemed to put Justin at east, and their conversation flowed for the next hour. The two of them laughed about misadventures, groaned about family and shared details of their lives that they haven't shared with anyone. Selene found that Justin was very easy to talk to. 

"Yeah, well, Dan didn't find it that funny..." Justin was saying when Selene spotted them. 

Them. 

Her ex, Greg, and her sister, Ali. They came through the restaurant door, Greg's arm around her shoulders, Ali throwing back her tamed curls and laughing. He leaned forward and kissed her, full, hard, passionately. He had never kissed Selene like that. 

Justin stopped talking when he noticed Selene's face change. "Hey, you okay?" 

She swallowed, pushing her chair back. "I just need the restroom." 

Walking quickly to her escape, she pushed open the door and let out the sob she had been holding in. Selene braced herself against the counter, her sobs silently wracking her body. 

How could they? I trusted them. How stupid am I? I should have seen this coming. 

Shaking her head she watched her tears fall on the counter. Selene's mind flashed back to those moments, those small moments she had questioned. Greg's hand lingering a little too long on Ali's back. Finding them in the kitchen, quickly moving apart. Seeing Greg's phone light up with Ali's name. 

"I'm so stupid," Selene stared at her reflection. 

"You're not stupid, Selene," Justin's voice came from the doorway. 

"Justin," she started, not really knowing how to apologize for this happening on their date. It wasn't fair to him. 

"Selene," he stopped her, moving into the restroom, carefully locking the door for privacy. "I'm guessing that was part of your Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day?" 

She nodded, looking down at her hands. She twisted the ring on her finger, trying to concentrate on not crying. "It's just the cherry on top," she said wryly. 

Justin furrowed his brows, moving towards her. His arms enveloped her, his hand brushing small, comforting circles on her back. She stayed there for a few minutes, trying to calm herself. 

Justin brushed her hair from her face, kissing her forehead gently. "Do you want to talk about it?" 

"Not really," Selene muttered into his chest. She inhaled his scent, nuzzling closer to him. He was so solid, felt so good. She blinked, pulling herself from her thoughts and pushed away from him. 

His eyes searched her face. 

She sighed. "That was my ex," she explained. "And my sister." 

"Oh man," Justin moved his hand to her arm, squeezing it, trying to show support. "I'm so sorry, Selene." 

Shaking her head, she sniffled, "I should have seen it, there were signs." She worried her bottom lip with her teeth. "I'm so dumb." 

Justin shook his head emphatically. "No, Selene. You love them, so why would you want to think the worse?" 

She cocked her head at his words, realizing that he was speaking the truth. Of course she wouldn't want to think that. She had wanted to believe that they loved her as much as she loved them. 

Justin's hand slowly moves up, cupping her face. "They're the stupid ones for hurting you." 

He closed the gap between them, placing a large hand firmly on the small of her back. Pressing her to him, his eyes met hers. 

Selene swiped her tongue over her lips nervously. 

Justin's head dipped down, his lips hesitantly brushing hers. "Can I?" his breath caressed her lips. 

She nodded, bringing her lips firmly to his. Once they made contact, something snapped inside both of them. Their lips joined hungrily, tongues wrestling for dominance. Justin nipped at her lips, pulling low moans from her. She gripped his hair, tugging gently, pulling deep sighs from him. His grip on her became tighter, pressing you against his very large bulge, and she couldn't resist grinding against him. 

"Selene," he moaned. "I..." 

"Justin," she stopped him, grabbing at his belt and clumsily trying to undo it. "Just..." 

His eyes flashed, his hands pulling her shirt off of her, palming her swollen breasts. His lips dipped to her nipples, licking them through her lacy bra. "Dammit," he groaned. "You're beautiful." 

Her back arched, pressing herself harder against him. His large hands gripped her waist, effortlessly lifting her onto the counter. Breaking contact with her he slid down to his knees lifting her skirt up. His fingers nimbly removed her panties, sliding them down Selene's curvy legs. His nose pressed against her hot sex, nuzzling, inhaling her arousal. 

"Fuck, Selene," he sighed. "I wish we had more time." He stood, unzipping his pants. 

She reached into the waistband of his pants, needing him. She moved her eyes to meet his. "So do I," she pulled Justin closer, wrapping her legs around his waist. 

His lips were on hers again, his engorged member pressing into her, stretching her slowly. She moaned into his mouth, gripping his shoulders to bring him even closer to her. 

"Fuck," Justin grunts out. "You feel so good, Selene." 

He started pushing into her, grinding himself against her core. His pelvis deliciously rubbed against her engorged nub, making her moan out his name. Justin's breathing quickened, signaling his end coming soon. He gripped Selene's bottom, lifting her, turning and pressing her against the wall. His eyebrow quirked at the small yelp she let out. 

"No, it's good," she breathed out, grinding down onto him. "Keep going." 

He nodded, doubling his efforts, pressing her into the wall with every thrust. His lips met hers, tongues intertwining, dancing. 

She was impossibly wet, ready for her release. "Dammit, Justin, I'm going to come," she clutched his shoulders, trying to keep herself grounded. 

"Then come, Selene, I want to feel you," Justin's thrusts quickened, chasing her release. 

The warmth in her core expanded, pressure that she's never felt before grows. She gasped as her orgasm started, sweeping through her body. She felt a warm gush release from her, and cried out. 

His moans escalated, turning into growls. His lips captured hers again as he continued to thrust hard into her. His body started to stutter, his release shooting into her. 

As Selene's breathing returned to normal, Justin peppered kisses down her neck, nipping lightly at her sweet spot. 

"Well that turned out..." she trailed off, laughing softly. 

He smiled shyly, "Much better than I thought it would." 

Justin let her legs down gently, withdrawing from her. Bending down, he kissed her again. 

A knock at the door sounds, breaking the two of them apart. 

Selene raised an eyebrow at Justin, grabbing her shirt from the floor and sliding it on. "Well this could be awkward." 

He laughed, buttoning himself up. "For us, or them?" He nodded towards the door. 

Justin had his hand on Selene's back as you moved to the door. Unlocking it, she swung it open, an apology ready on her lips. 

Ali. 

"Selene?" Ali asked, stopping as she noticed Justin behind her sister. "What?" 

Selene smirked at her sister, enjoying the confused look on her face. "Tell Greg I say hi," she slid past her, Justin following close behind, letting his hand move intimately around her waist. 

Selene pictured Ali being slack jawed, watching as the two of them stop to kiss once more. 

Once outside the restaurant, Justin turned to her. "So what do you think Ali will do?" 

She giggled, a mischievous glint in her blue eyes. "Probably die of embarrassment." She winked at him. "I left my underwear in there." 

Justin erupts into laughter, throwing an arm around her shoulder. "Well," his eyes traipsed down her body. "Since I have easier access, I think I'm going to enjoy the ride home." 

Selene flushed, her arousal becoming evident to the man with his arm around her. 

He leaned down, his voice low with arousal. "I want to taste it when you squirt this time, Selene. That was amazingly hot." 

She stifled a moan, taking Justin's hand, impatient to reach his car. She smiled to herself as he squeezed her fingers, showing his fervor as well. 

The Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day was definitely looking up.