 If you haven't read part 1, it might help to understand this story better. The events take place during my freshman year in college. I had known Sue through a friend of mine, Julie, for a while, but had never really spoken or spent much time with her.

That all changed the night of that fateful party at Matt's place. I was very much into Sue, she was 5'9, very blonde and tan, with beautiful blue eyes. Her taut and athletic 34C-22-34 was enough to make anyone notice. And after feeling those long legs wrapped around my body, I knew I wanted more.

At the end of our little one-nighter, she had advised me that she was engaged and that she wouldn't be having sex with me anymore. I had gone from sexual high to totally shattered. She must've sensed my disappointment, since she quickly added that she might be interested in sucking my cock again though. Who could turn that down?

So there I was, a week later, walking up to her front door. I had called her to see what she was doing, and she had invited me over. She said that she didn't have much time, but I could still come by.

I didn't know how serious she was about the blowjob offer, but it didn't take me long to find out. She motioned for me to follow her into her bedroom and she then closed the door. When she turned around, I tried to kiss her, but she wasn't having any of that. She knew what she was after, and she quickly got the point across to me too.

She pushed me against her bed, then unbuckled my belt and unzipped my walking shorts in one deft motion, before pulling them down as she dropped to her knees. No kissing, no caressing, I felt so cheap... yeah right. It was hot, I felt like I was on fire instantly, and I thought I might pass out from all the blood rushing to my cock. Before she had my shorts around my ankles, my cock was quickly rising to the occasion.

"I'm glad to see you've missed me." Her smile showed that she appreciated the immediate response, but I felt like the comment was directed at my dick, not me. I could see down her tank top and her face had an expression of total arousal. She reached out with her tongue and licked the head of my dick lovingly as she held the shaft in her right hand. She pumped a few times, getting the head really reddish purple, before sliding it into her mouth, engulfing the head and an inch of the shaft. I thought my legs would buckle, I was so glad I was leaning against the foot of her bed.

The view of her perfect tits was too much for me as I slid my hand inside her tank top to get a feel. My fingertips had just touched the swell of her left breast when she quickly grabbed my hand. She moved my hand back to my side, signaling that she did not want to be touched. In fact, it became quite clear that the only thing she cared about at that point was my cock.

She sucked it deep into her mouth, emitting sloppy wet sounds as she did. Her right hand was continuously pumping on my shaft in time with her bobbing head. Her left hand had reached between my legs, alternating rubbing my balls and the tops of my thighs. To say she was good would be the biggest understatement.

Her sucking became more forceful, as her skin became flushed in the face and on her chest. Was she having an orgasm? Then came the tell-tale shudder as she indeed went over the edge, still never missing a beat on my cock. She slowed slightly, for what seemed a few seconds, then resumed sucking in earnest. I realized that this blowjob was more about her than about me. I was just a prop, a real-life dildo, meant only to bring her pleasure. I felt so used, it was great!!! I felt like such a sex-toy, and it was hot.

Sue seemed to be nearing another orgasm, as she had found that really sensitive spot on my balls and that constriction in her throat that was bringing the most intense pleasure to the head of my cock. The tightness would squeeze the glans, stimulating it, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. As I did, my cock swelled even more with blood, making the head and shaft even thicker, triggering another orgasm in Sue. She seemed almost in a trance, her red skin contrasting against her blonde hair, her blue eyes rolling up into the back of her head, showing only the white part.

It was that look of total sexual bliss that sent me over the edge, as I moaned to her that I was cumming. Sue grabbed my balls with her left hand as she pulled me into her mouth with her right hand on my ass, making sure she had all of my cock inside her. Her lips and nose were crushed against my pubic hair as she held her breath, her mouth totally engulfing every inch of me. My orgasm was intense and powerful, as I shot at least half a dozen volleys of cream down her throat. I had wanted to grab her head but thought better of it, thinking she might bite off my dick. So I just leaned back against the bed, thrusting my groin forward, which seemed to make Sue shudder once more with an aftershock of her own orgasm. It was then that I noticed for the first time how she had been grinding her pussy against my shin and foot, pushing the material of her white tennis shorts into her pussy.

The image seemed totally surreal, like something out of an Andrew Blake porno. Sue's girl next door innocent looks were in stark contrast to the totally hot sex act she was performing on my grateful cock. She bobbed her head up and down, making sure she got every last drop as her hands squeezed my shaft and balls. My cum must've taste like ambrosia to her, judging by the content and sated look on her face as my head pulled past the tight ring formed by her lips, letting my dick plop out of her mouth.

As hot as she'd been just the minute prior, she turned equally cold as soon as she stood up. She brushed an errant strand of blonde hair from her tan face as she announced that she had to get ready to go. It was as if she was talking to herself, she acted so detached from the hot scene from just a moment prior. It was quite clear to me that I should leave. Unlike the last time, no kissing, no cuddling, just Sue giving me head. Actually, she sucked my cock, it was only about her and my cock, and if she could've figured out a way, I could've just as easily been gone from the entire scene, except for the fact that I was attached to my penis.

Another man might've been hurt, or felt used. What was wrong with me, I didn't feel any of those feelings? I just knew that I'd experienced one of the hottest sexual encounters of my life and that I would become addicted to that scenario, a clothed woman and a nude man. By stripping me while remaining clothed herself, she had retained control of the situation, unlike the last time. She was able to use my cock for her pleasure, and even though I came as well, it was quite obvious that she had done everything for herself. I was just the stunt cock in the scenario. And to be honest, I loved it. I knew I'd never have anything with Sue, so if that was all I could ever get out of this, who was I to argue?

I spoke with Julie months later and she had told me how Sue had given her fiancé his first blowjob. She acted like she'd never done it before. We both had a good laugh about that, and agreed that she probably didn't feel the same thing giving him head. Maybe it's the naughtiness of it? Maybe Sue loved it so much because she knew deep down inside that it was frowned upon. Why else would such an act trigger such intense orgasms in her? That question has continued to haunt the deep sexual areas of my brain for all this time.