 Dear reader,

This story is my first submission to Literotica. As many great writers have said before, write what you know. With that in mind, this story is highly autobiographical, although it borrows heavily from both fact and fantasy. While I welcome your comments, inputs, and suggestions for future stories, please treat this with the courtesy that you would like shown to your own realities and fantasies. Mostly though, please enjoy.

No part of this story may be reproduced in part or in whole via any medium without the express permission of the author.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The cool breeze fluttered across her bare bottom as Veronique rushed to return her husband's serve. She couldn't believe she'd finally let him talk her into this: playing tennis with only a thong under her white, pleated tennis skirt. Granted, the thong was from Lululemon, her favorite designer for yoga, running, and all things athletic. Still, it felt so risqué! Even with no one around the neighborhood park where they were playing and shady trees surrounding the court providing a fair amount of cover, this was far more daring than she normally dressed.

At 5'5" and a slim, athletic, 120 lbs with perfectly rounded 32C breasts, Vero drew eyes wherever she went. Working up a healthy glow as she dashed back and forth in her short skirt and tight, red tank top, she was breathtaking. Her husband, Jack, could barely keep his mind on the game as he watched her playing across from him. After almost five years of marriage and a toddler keeping them busy, she still never failed to take his breath away. Their game this afternoon was a special treat for them both; a treat and a commitment to each other to do something fun as a couple from time to time, even it if meant getting a sitter in the middle of a Saturday afternoon.

The initial thrill of her daring melted away somewhat as Vero realized that no one but her husband would likely get to see her perfectly rounded booty during their match and she settled in for a tough couple of games. They were well-matched with her athleticism and well-honed talent for the game paired off against Jack's enthusiasm and intensity. She couldn't help thinking that they were well-matched in other ways as she watched him jog to the back fence to retrieve a serve she'd slammed past him. He wasn't a large man at a trim 5'8" and 155 lbs, but he moved with the energy of someone younger than his 30 years. The new Scottish clan tattoo on his back gave him a more rogue-ish vibe than his normally boy-ish looks allow. His new workout routine wasn't hurting anything either as she enjoyed the look of his abs and arms flexing on his shirt-less frame.

"Nice serve, doll!" he complimented as he jogged to meet her at the net. "That makes it 3 to 2 games in your favor. Care to make the next set more interesting?"

"Not sure how much 'more interesting' you want to make me kicking your butt. I'm winning!" she teased back. To take the sting out of her words, she ran up to give him a quick kiss over the net. "What'd you have in mind?"

"Ohhh, nothing too crazy. Maybe the winner gets to pick the movie for tonight, or where we for dinner, or whether we fuck in the car or under the trees later?"

"Keep dreaming, stud!" she quipped back, but he could tell he'd gotten her thinking by the glimmer in her eyes.

"Either way, baby, it's your serve next. Oops!"

He deliberately dropped the ball so as to let it roll away from them both.

Knowing exactly what he was doing, but laughingly playing along, Veronique chased the ball and bent down smoothly from her waist to retrieve it. Jack's jaw dropped as she showed off her tan, lean legs and unconcealed ass as her skirt rode up, even revealing the tiny, white thong peeking between her legs as the only thing covering her sweet pussy.

"You sure that thing won't slow you down?" Vero asked as she looked back to see the rapidly rising tent in her husband's shorts. While he would never be called a bulky guy, she knew intimately that he was plenty big where it mattered. She smiled as she noticed how flustered he'd become at her little show and wondered how much worse she could make it for him. She loved that she could still so easily get such a "rise" out of him. As she mulled that over and took a few minutes to catch her breath, she couldn't help but notice how nice it felt playing without her customary bloomers underneath her skirt -- more natural somehow. The two thoughts intertwined in her mind as she pondered her next actions.

Perhaps it was due to this distraction that she let Jack gain an early advantage in their next game. As they were both competitive people, he did not let up and won that game easily. "Alright." she thought. "Time to call his bluff and finish this butt-kicking!" On Jack's next serve, she deliberately hit the ball too high and watched it sail over the tall fence into the bushes surrounding the court. Perfect.

"I'll get it!" Vero called as she jogged easily out the gate heading after the lost ball.

"I do so love to watch you go." quipped J as he admired her going by outside the fence.

"Just you wait." she told herself.

Jack watched as his sexy wife disappeared into the bushes looking for their high-flying tennis ball. "I am a lucky man" he said to himself for perhaps the 100th time that day. Words often failed him at describing her. With her breathtaking body, she was an obvious "keeper" in any man's book. Beyond that though, the intelligence and wit hidden in the sparkle of her sometimes blue, sometimes green or hazel eyes entranced him. Her indefinable blond hair with every shade from golden to auburn just begged for his fingers to be run through it... and grab hold as he fucked her hard from behind, something they both loved.

Watching her tight, little body running back and forth across the court from him all afternoon had him hornier than he'd been in months. Not since their cruise months back when she'd surprised (and thrilled) him by wearing a brand-new, itty-bitty Brazilian bikini bottom to the pool deck could he remember being so turned on. As he waited for her to re-emerge from the bushes, he thought back to that day on the cruise ship.

She'd changed in the bathroom, so he didn't know what she was wearing under the conservative, complimentary bathrobe that came with their stateroom. He did have an idea that she was planning something special that day based on hints she'd been dropping and her barely concealed excitement. Neither of them had very good poker faces, but they both loved surprising the other. After almost five years of marriage, they'd come to a point where they trusted each other enough to let the other surprise them without digging for details before they were ready. That day, the wait had been well worth it.

When they arrived at the pool deck, Jack, like the good Midwestern boy that he was, helped Veronique take her robe off. As he stood behind her and slid the white, terrycloth robe down her trim, tanned arms, he'd watched in amazement as he saw the tiny purple triangle emerge as the only thing covering her perfectly rounded ass. He'd been so excited that day that he'd begged her to let him take pictures of her lounging outside on her stomach, bikini top un-done and the rest of her barely covered. She'd let him take pictures (and video too!) back in their stateroom later as she sucked him hard and then rode him like she had something to prove.

Jack snapped back to the present and immediately blushed as he looked down and noticed his clearly visible erection through his gym shorts. Oh, the trials of having such a sexy wife! Speaking of, he realized that while he'd been fantasizing, she'd been gone quite a while.

"You need a hand, baby?" he shouted through the fence. "Funny," he thought, "I can't even see her from here." Just as Jack started walking towards the gate to go in search of his wife, he saw her coming back through the bushes.

"Don't worry, I got it!" Vero shouted with a mischievous smile on her face as she re-appeared out of the thick shrubs that surrounded the court.

Something was different about her Jack thought as he watched her. She had more bounce to her step or something. Wait, not her step, but her bra, or lack thereof! Vero caught him staring at her newly-freed breasts as she started to jog towards the gate and her side of the court, congratulating herself and secretly thrilled with the barely concealed lust her daring had clearly inspired in him. Those perfect C-cups that he so enjoyed caressing were now bouncing freely -- her perky nipples clearly visible through the thin, red tank top she wore.

With this latest distraction dominating his mind, Jack found himself hopelessly overmatched. While Vero was clearly inspired by her newfound boldness, Jack was doing everything in his power merely to keep up with her. His sweet, little wife seemed to be making extra aggressive plays to accentuate the lean, sexy, athleticism of her barely concealed body. She'd even gone so far as to roll her already minimally covered red tank top up to show her midriff, something she knew turned Jack on like crazy. The final straw was when she bent over once again to recover a ball Jack had returned long at the far fence. As Jack looked on, he could tell even from across the length of the court that her bra wasn't the only thing his surprisingly adventurous wife had removed while sneaking around in the bushes.

As Veronique straightened back up and turned around, she had the gratifying experience of seeing her normally composed husband standing in shock with his mouth hanging open. It was a good kind of shock apparently because the drop in jaw was met by an equal, if not greater, rise in his pants. She blushed and smiled at the success of her "volley".

Jack composed himself as quickly as he could and regaining his composure, (as much as a man could with a full-blown hard-on in gym shorts), he strode quickly around the net making a bee-line for his mischievous wife.

"Do you li... mmmm?" Vero moaned as Jack interrupted her teasing by picking her up and kissing her roughly against the back fence. She felt the chain link digging in to her back and bottom, but also Jack's hands cradling her head and waist as kissed her hard.

"Naughty girl. Show me where you left your panties and bra." Jack demanded in her ear as he ran his hands over her barely concealed body.

Nodding her agreement as he leaned back in to kiss her, Vero pulled back from the kiss enough to say "We'll never get there if you don't let me off this fence."

Reluctantly, Jack let her down and took Vero's hand as she led him into the bushes outside the tennis court. He was pleasantly surprised when they broke through the dense bushes to find a small, circular clearing, barely 8' in diameter. Only the trunk of a single, massive oak broke the green wall surrounding the two lovers. That, and the sports bra and thong Vero had clearly left for him to find hanging in the bushes next to the tree.

Jack took his surroundings in in a flash as he was immediately pounced upon by his surprisingly aggressive and scantily clad (quite pleasantly so!) wife.

"I want you in my mouth." she whispered in his ear between frantic kisses.

"Mmmm, yes!" Jack moaned back into her lips. "Me first though." as Jack gently tripped her backwards and cushioned her fall all the way to the green grass where she now lay on her back with her husband between her legs.

"No, I'm all sweaty!" Vero exclaimed.

"That's what I want." said Jack as he lowered his face to his wife's smooth-shaven pussy. He silenced any further protests by skipping all teasing, all sense of restraint, and licked straight up Veronique's lips and then began a rapid series of quick licks directly against her clit. True to her word, she was sweaty, and also very turned on. Jack reveled in the taste and smell of his wife's aroused sex.

After just a few minutes of his frenetic pace, Vero squirmed out from under him and said, "Enough! I want you inside me."

"Well I'm not done yet, sexy lady. But I'll let you join me in a little snack before we start the main course. How daring are you feeling?" Jack asked as he rose to his feet in front of her, his cock waving invitingly in front of her.

As if reading his mind, Vero positioned herself for a handstand. They'd only done this once before. It was on their honeymoon, but she knew her husband loved the idea and masturbated to the video often. As Veronique kicked her legs off the ground, Jack caught her upper thighs over his shoulders and squatting down, lifted them both up until he was standing with their bodies pressed against each other, mouths poised for a perfect standing 69. Mouths touched pussy/cock almost simultaneously as Jack and Vero greedily went at their partner, each trying to out-do the other in giving head. It was something they each enjoyed, although Vero's comment about being sweaty was a fair one. They normally were very cleanliness-oriented. Today was a special day though, and the added sweat and musk off their intertwined bodies only made it feel all the more right.

Jack was either losing, or winning depending on how you think about it, but he felt himself getting close to cumming under his wife's skillful oral ministrations.

"It's too good, baby. I need to be inside you!" Jack moaned as he took his mouth away from her for a moment.

"Mmmmmhmmm." Vero moaned against his engorged dick, eliciting a further groan of pleasure.

Turning to face the tree, Jack slowly lowered his upside down wife so that she could walk herself out of their athletic, pleasure-giving pose.

"Hold on to the tree." Jack ordered as he helped Vero to her feet. Before she could do anything more than raise her hands to steady herself against the ancient oak, she felt his cock slam into her from behind, filling her to her core.

"Aaaahhhhhmmmmm!" she whimpered as she felt her husband's dick filling her again and again. His left hand tangled itself in her hair, pulling her head back and exposing her neck and mouth to his barely controlled kisses. His right hand wrapped around her body, alternately stroking, squeezing, and teasing her nipples, but finally journeying south to caress her clit; a gentle counter-point to the pounding he was giving her with his dick.

"Feels -- so -- fu -- cking -- good... Get -- ting -- clo -- ose!" Jack grunted between thrusts after several minutes of the sweaty couple glorying in the pleasure their bodies gave each other.

"Not like this. I want to see you." Vero said, looking back at her husband.

Not even taking the time to agree with her, Jack pulled her backwards off the tree which she'd been gripping tightly throughout his ravishing of her body and pulled her backwards on top of him as he fell smoothly to the grass. Giving thanks yet again for his wife's athleticism and dedication to yoga, Jack lifted one of Vero's legs up and not even letting himself slide all the way out of her, spun his wife around until she was facing him, legs straddled over his hips with his cock still buried inside her.

Normally, he loved seeing his wife ride his cock from this position. She looked like the goddess of sex with her hair flying and her breasts bouncing as she impaled herself over and over on him. Today though, with the daring of this outdoor fuck surrounding them both, Jack wanted to be in charge. He rolled them both one more time putting himself on top of his wife.

"Yesssssss!" She hissed in his ear as he claimed her, taking her in the way they both wanted so much. "Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Fill meeeee!"

Jack had no choice but to oblige. "Fuuuuuck!" he groaned as their orgasms took them. It was impossible to tell who started first, but the wave took them both as Jack felt himself cumming deep inside his wife. He kept thrusting until the last tingles of orgasm left them and they both went limp, reveling in the afterglow.

After several minutes of silence and gentle touches, Vero asked, "So, does this mean I won, or you won?"

 Jack responded without missing a beat, "Rematch next week."

"I love you, baby."

"I love you too, doll."