 I stood in the open door of the nurses' station and felt rather foolish. Coach had sent me here after I got hit by a stray tennis ball, but I was okay already. Perfectly all right. Well, maybe not perfectly; a dull throbbing still remained where the ball had hit me, but it was almost gone. Certainly nothing to bother the tennis club's nurse with. But Coach had insisted, so I went. Some insurance shit, I thought. Or maybe they were afraid I'd sue their asses off. As a matter of fact, I had no intention of suing them since my own clumsiness had played a major role in the accident. Besides, it would be too embarrassing.

"Hello? Anybody here?" I called and got no answer. I wondered if that absolved me of my obligation to see the nurse, but quickly decided it didn't. Coach wouldn't accept any excuses for skipping the check-up. Certainly not such a lame one.

"Hi! You looking for me?" A sweet female voice asked from behind my back. I turned and looked straight into the eyes of one of the loveliest girls I had ever seen. Sexy green eyes, beautiful, well-tanned face, framed by shoulder-length reddish-blond hair. A white lab coat hid her body from shoulders to mid-thighs and the only discernible features were two nice bulges on her chest and a small nametag proclaiming her to be Janet.

I could have looked at her all afternoon, but the expression on her face was already turning slightly quizzical. I guess she was wondering why it took me so long to answer a simple question. "Yes, I'm looking for you," I said. "If you're the nurse."

"I am," she chirped merrily. "Come on in."

I stepped aside and ogled her backside as she walked around her desk and sat down. She pointed to a visitor chair and I sat down. "How can I help you?" she asked when she had looked me up and down.

"Coach sent me for a check-up, but I don't think that's really necessary," I said.

"What happened? Did you pull a muscle or something?"

"No, I got hit by a tennis ball."

"Happens all the time," she said. "Where did it hit you?"

"It hit me in the crotch," I said and felt my cheeks go red. If she laughs, I'm out of here, I promised myself. But she didn't laugh; she looked genuinely concerned. "Not very hard," I added quickly. "I should have paid more attention, but I was looking at . . . ummm . . . I was distracted and reacted too late. Nothing serious, though. It doesn't even hurt anymore."

She got up and motioned me to the back room. "Okay, let's have a look at it."

"I don't think that's necessary," I said awkwardly as my cheeks went to an even brighter red. "It doesn't hurt anymore."

"What's your name?" she asked suddenly.

"Jason. Jason Coonts," I replied automatically. "Will you report me to the principal if I refuse?" I added testily.

"You bet," she said sweetly. "And you'll be suspended indefinitely. No more tennis. At least not in this club."

"Wouldn't be the first time I get suspended," I said and managed a weak smile. However, the truth of the matter was that my boss played at the club twice a week and getting my butt kicked out wouldn't look good, to say the least.

The nurse sensed that she had hit the mark and smiled. "Look, Jason, this really isn't a big deal. We'll just--"

"Then why do you insist on it?" I cut her off.

"Two reasons. The club doesn't want to get sued, obviously. And your health is important to us. You carry some pretty important equipment between your legs and you don't want it damaged. And neither will your girlfriend."

I was tempted to tell her that my girlfriend had split two weeks ago, but bit my tongue. She was right, of course. Not about being sued, but about the importance of the equipment. So I got up and followed her to the small examining room at the back of the office.

"Take your shorts and underwear off and sit on the couch," she instructed me.

Reluctantly, I pushed my shorts and briefs down my legs, stepped out of them, and plopped my naked ass on the cool plastic cover of the couch. I looked down at my crotch and saw nothing the least bit out of the ordinary. "See? It's perfectly all right. No problem whatsoever," I said.

"Are you a doctor?" she asked, a bit annoyed.

"No, I'm not a doctor, but I know a few things about dicks."

"A nurse, maybe?"

"I'm not a nurse, either."

"Any kind of medical training?"

"No."

"Then would you please shut up and leave the diagnosis to me?"

"Sure," I said, embarrassment creeping into my voice. "Diagnose away."

She knelt down in front of me, pushed my legs apart and did just that. She lifted my flaccid dick with two fingers and held it up at various angles as she inspected it at great length, then repeated the procedure with my balls. "Did any of this hurt?" she asked at the end.

"No," I replied truthfully. "I would have told you otherwise."

"Good. Now let's see if you can still get an erection."

Her words came as quite a shock to me. Not that I was afraid I couldn't get hard. In fact, my dick had started twitching a few seconds into the exam and had already expanded noticeably. I just didn't want to get a hard-on in front of a complete stranger, nurse or otherwise. "That's going a bit far, don't you thing?" I protested.

"Jason," she sighed as if she were speaking to a retarded child. "We're doing a medical examination here to ascertain that your penis wasn't damaged in any way. We're not on a date, so your usual inhibitions are entirely out of place here. Now, take your hand away and let me continue the examination."

On a rational level I knew that she was right, of course, but I still wasn't entirely comfortable with the situation. My dick, however, liked the idea immensely. Even while she delivered her little sermon, it sprang to life and began to grow.

"Glad you finally see the light," she said matter-of-factly when I took my hand away and exposed my half-hard dick. We both watched intently as it got harder and finally rose from the valley between my thighs until it stood at full attention. I was relieved and embarrassed at the same time. "See? It still works like a charm," I said, both emotions present in my voice.

"Does it hurt?" she asked.

"No."

"No pain at all? Be honest!"

"Honest to God, no pain whatsoever."

"Good," she said. Then she wrapped her right hand around my dick and ran it up and down the shaft gently. "Does that hurt?"

"No."

She tightened her grip and stroked more forcefully. "Still no pain?"

"None."

As she increased her rhythm further, my breathing became more labored. Her hand felt fantastic on my dick and I really didn't want her to stop now, although my earlier doubts as to the purpose of her actions had returned and were stronger than ever. This was really going too far for a medical exam, but if she wanted to jack me off, who was I to complain?

Jacking me off was not what she had in mind, though. As soon as she sensed that I was getting comfortable with the situation, she leaned forward and wrapped her lips around the head of my dick.

"Hey! What are you doing?" I asked in shock and surprise.

She looked up at me with those sexy green eyes and smiled brightly. "I'm sucking your dick. Thought you'd like that better than a hand job." Then she slipped my dick back into her mouth.

I was about to ask if that was part of the exam, but thought better of it. Her mouth felt fantastic around my dick and I had to fight the urge to grab her head and shove my dick all the way down her throat. Instead, I relaxed as best I could and let her work on my dick -- which she did expertly.

While she alternated between sucking my dick and kissing her way from the head to my balls and back again, I couldn't help but wonder why she was doing this. Was it really just to see if my dick still worked properly? Was she bored with her job and looking for a pleasurable way to pass the time? A combination of the two, I concluded; she wanted sex and the exam gave her a pretense to get it right away.

Some expression danced around my mind, just out of reach, something about a gift horse and its mouth, but I couldn't quite grasp it. Thinking was getting difficult as the exquisite suction of her mouth and the feathery touch of her tongue brought me closer and closer to shooting a load of cum into her hot mouth. No doubt, she was an expert cock sucker and was giving me great head, no matter what her reasons.

When she started moaning around my dick, I opened my eyes again and saw to my surprise that she had unbuttoned the lower half of her lab coat. While she kept massaging the base of my shaft with one hand, the other one was inside her tiny red panties, presumably flicking her clit.

Medical exam my ass, I thought and leaned forward to unbutton the rest of her coat. The red lace bra I found underneath hooked in the front, so I undid that, too. I waited a few seconds, but she neither protested nor did she try to push my hand away, so I started exploring the twin mounds. Did they feel good! Very firm and just big enough to fill my hand, they were crowned with large, pale areolae and small nipples which were as hard as marbles.

I ran my hand from tit to tit and back again, caressing the tender flesh and flicking her nipples lightly with my fingers. The intensity of her moans increased rapidly and she sucked my dick harder. The tip of her tongue stabbing lightly at my piss hole finally sent me over the edge. "I'm coming!" I warned her as I felt the cum rising from my balls and shooting through my dick.

The nurse just kept on sucking as I pumped jet after jet of cum into her mouth. She swallowed my load greedily and kept right on sucking even after I had spent the last drop. I was surprised at her appetite, but my dick clearly liked the attention it was getting. After going about half soft, it soon reversed its course and hardened again. Only when it was fully erect again did she let it slip out of her mouth and stood up.

"Medical exam, eh?" I asked, breathing hard, but smiling nonetheless.

"Sure," she chirped. "Had to see if you ejaculated normally."

"Did I?"

"Yes, you did," she said matter-of-factly. "Tasted good, too."

"And tickling your clit was part of it, too?" I asked.

She slipped her right hand back into her panties before she answered my question. "No, that was in preparation for the final exam. We still need to make sure there are no symptoms that only show up during intercourse."

With that, she slipped her panties down her long, muscular legs, then shrugged out of her lab coat and removed her bra. Before she climbed onto my lap, she kicked her white pumps off and stood before me entirely naked. My pulse raced at the sight of her fantastic body. Her hand was back between her legs, rubbing around her clit in little circles, while rivulets of pussy juice leaked out between her bald labia and ran down her thighs.

"Looks like you're well prepared," I observed, pointing at her glistening pussy. "Why don't we get started before the next patient comes in?"

"That's the spirit," she purred and clamped her legs around my hips like a vise. As she raised her hips to impale herself on my dick, her beautiful tits were right in front of my face and I couldn't help but wrap my lips around an erect nipple and suck on it.

She inhaled sharply and brought her hips down in one hard plunge until her ass cheeks hit my thighs. At first I wasn't quite sure if my dick was really in her pussy, since it had slipped in so easily. A few seconds later, however, her pussy muscles tightened and squeezed my dick like a velvet glove that was two sizes too small. I moaned involuntarily and she relaxed her grip around my dick immediately. "Did I hurt you?" she asked, concern unmistakable in her voice.

"No!" I almost screamed. "That felt so fucking good! Do it again!"

She did. Even harder this time.

"Wow! What a pussy!"

"Keep the noise down, will you?" she admonished me softly.

"Sure. Sorry."

She held my dick in her vise-like grip a few moments longer, then relaxed slightly and lifted her hips until only the head of my dick remained buried in her pussy. "Ready for a ride, lover?" she asked as she wrapped her arms around my neck and looked me straight in the eyes.

Lover? I wondered briefly, but the throbbing in my dick didn't permit me to dwell on the thought. "Do it, baby!" I croaked, which was the best I could do at the time.

And what a ride it turned out to be! Her hips pistoned up and down as regular as clockwork and brought me closer to another orgasm with every plunge of her hips. Copious amounts of her love juices oozed out of her pussy and ran down my shaft, over my balls, and gathered on the couch between my ass cheeks.

Soon her movements became faster and more erratic, her moans turned into little yelps and I sensed that she was about to come -- which was fine by me since I was ready, too. Her hips jerked every which way and her little yelps turned into screams, which she managed to suppress only partially.

Moments later we both came in shattering orgasms. She threw herself against my chest and we both collapsed backwards. Flat on my back with her on top of me, we thrashed wildly on the couch and enjoyed the waves of pure sexual bliss coursing through our bodies until our orgasms subsided and our moans turned into whimpers before finally giving way to soundless panting.

We enjoyed the warm afterglow of our orgasms a few moments longer before the nurse finally heaved herself up on her arms and knees and climbed off me. I was about to get up, too, when the sound of clapping hands stopped me cold. I looked at the nurse, but it wasn't her -- she stood a few feet away from me, still stark naked, and looked at the door with a wide grin on her face.

"Glad you followed my advice," Coach said and laughed, leaning nonchalantly against the doorframe. "I was a bit worried that you'd miss your exam."

My face went fire-engine red and I thought frantically to come up with a plausible explanation until I noticed that the nurse wasn't the least bit concerned. Instead, she wrapped her arms around Coach's neck and kissed him on the mouth.

I was dumbfounded. "Did you..." I began but decided quickly that getting some clothes on was more urgent than asking pointless questions.

"Did I hit you on purpose?" Coach voiced my question while I scrambled into my briefs. "Yeah. Janet was bored as hell and needed a patient."

"Asshole," I murmured under my breath.

"Ah, come on, Jason," Coach laughed. "It was worth it, wasn't it? And I didn't hit the ball very hard."

I gave him another angry glance, but the anger was mostly faked. It had been worth it. Definitely. "That's okay," I mumbled and put my shorts back on. "Just don't do it again."

"I won't," Coach promised. "Unless you miss your follow-up exam."

Follow-up exam? I looked at the nurse and frowned.

"Day after tomorrow," she said and smiled brightly. "We need to make sure there's no long-term damage."

"I'll be here," I grinned, then pushed my way past them and headed for the shower room.