 ***This is my first submission, so reader feedback is greatly appreciated. Thanx and here goes:***

Amy looked over at her fiancé, Michael. He had worked all day, and he had come home exhausted and collapsed on their bed four hours ago. Amy felt sorry for him, but she was aching. It was now a week since they had last had sex, and she hadn’t pleasured herself in that time; she didn’t want to use up her excitement on herself. Late nights when Michael was dead asleep, Amy would rub her pussy against his muscular leg to relieve some of the pressure.

But it wasn’t enough. Amy was either going to cum or explode. She chose the former. She shook Michael and said, “Honey, wake up.” He groggily opened his eyes and looked at her.

“What is it?” He asked. She didn’t say anything, but she didn’t need to. He saw in her eyes that she was hungry. He felt his own need rising and he scooted closer to her.

“Michael, honey, I need it…I just feel like I’m about to explode,” she said.

“Oh, you will,” he answered, pulling her close. He kissed her passionately and caressed her body. He ran his hands over her breasts, stomach, legs, leaving her back for last. Her spine was sensitive. He ran his fingers up and down it, hearing her sighs of approval. He started working his way down, kissing her every so often – her neck, her shoulders, her breasts, her stomach, her thighs, her legs, and then back up to her pussy. He stopped and lightly blew on her clit, and she moaned and moved beneath him, aching for his tongue. He complied by licking her outer lips first, slowly up one and down the other, then sticking his tongue all the way in her pussy, moving it around, and back out again. He nibbled on her outer lips as his hands still moved over body, making her break out in goosebumps. He started on her inner lips, first licking them, then biting them softly, making Amy moan.

Amy was in heaven. She hadn’t felt this way in so long, and it was so good. She could feel it rising in her, but it was coming slowly, teasing her much like Michael was. She wanted his cock in her, but she also didn’t want to stop him now. Her back arched and she moaned softly. She wanted him to pound her, to thrust it in her hard over and over again. That thought almost made her cum, but she held back with some hidden inner strength.

Michael stuck his tongue deep into her pussy as he started to rub around her clit, not quite touching it. Amy groaned louder and Michael knew she was close. He stroked her clit up and down slowly, feeling it pulsate between his fingers. He nibbled on her clit and flicked his tongue over it. Amy’s hips starting bucking, and her breath came in short gasps, her signal that she was going to cum. Michael immediately stopped and Amy looked at him crazily. “What are you doing? Don’t stop now!”

Michael smiled devilishly and took his cock into his hands. Amy was still in the throes of the passion caused by his tongue and didn’t know what he was doing. Michael positioned himself and placed her legs over his shoulders as he slid his dick into her aching pussy. Amy groaned loudly and tried to move her hips to get more of him in her. He wouldn’t allow it, and oh so slowly slid it in her all the way…deep inside her. Amy was going nuts when he started to go faster and faster, driving him deeper and deeper into Amy, who would get louder with each thrust. Amy could feel him going harder and harder, making the whole bed shake with their movements. Amy finally started to scream as she bucked against him…her screams came in short gasps as her orgasm swept over her.

Amy felt it flow through her, as if it started somewhere deep inside her, and then rose in size and force as it exploded out of her in a sea of screams and thrusts. Michael felt her pussy contract on his dick, and he felt her cum all over him. He moaned louder and louder as he continued to thrust faster and faster, finally arching his back and shooting all he had into her.

Amy let the first couple gobs go into her, but she quickly sat up and took his dick in her mouth. She grabbed it by the base and stroked it, playing with his balls. Michael groaned louder and then Amy felt his cum hitting the back of her throat. She tried hard to swallow as fast as he came, but some escaped and fell on her breast and hot, hard nipples.

They collapsed on the bed in a sea of sweat and sexual juices. They were breathing heavy and exhausted. Amy looked at Michael with a mix of joy and relief in her eyes. “Thank you, baby,” she said softly, drifting off to sleep.