 All characters in this story are 18 or older. You on the other hand, must be 18 or older to view this or any other story on this site. If you're not, please click that red x in the corner and if you are, please enjoy reading The Texter.

I'm sorry I delayed getting this out, it's been a busy past few months and I'm grateful people want more I was hoping to end this in three chapters…well looks like I have a few more chapters go, since I didn't do my usual day in one chapter. So please enjoy.  Best Regards to Teloz for his editing.

*

Lisa found her self crawling towards the bathroom. Her blurry eyesight confused her; the door frame to the bathroom seemed to be in odd places and kept moving. Swinging her body forward, she collapsed into the bathroom and heaved herself up so she could vomit into the toilet. Shoving her face into it deep, her gut emptied its contents into the bowl. She had no idea why she was throwing up, but her stomach burned with the need to flush out her system. After a few jerks, her nausea subsided and she propped her self up on toilet trying to regain her composure.

Getting her self finally on her feet, she wobbled over to the sink and turned on the faucet. Filling her hands up with water, she splashed her face with the refreshing water and soon her eyesight returned to normal. As she focused, she was met by a reflection of her droopy face and was startled by Christy who peered over her shoulder. 

"Jezus…. Chizt…!" said Lisa between her hic-ups. "What… you doing here…?"

"Well, missy if you have to know, I was the one who elected myself to drag you home and get you to bed safely," said Christy with a smile. 

"Wut'… hap… pened last niz'?" Lisa found it hard to keep the hic-ups at bay. 

"Here, drink this" Christy handed her a cup of some mysterious drink and Lisa took it. 

"Is this water?" She looked shocked at her sudden clarification of speech. "What is this?"

"Just a remedy for the Tucks hangover," Christy walked out of the bathroom and into Lisa's bedroom. 

"Well, what's in this, it tastes like water?" Lisa joined her on her bed. 

"It's a secret, but now I know not to give you a sip of my drinks."

"A sip, you shoved half you glass down my throat!" Christy smiled and shrugged her shoulders. "So how did you get me past my mom?"

"Oh, I just lied saying you really went wild to get rid of you-know-who's memories and in the process, danced your self in a stupor."

"I guess, thanks for…helping me," one hic-up escaped her mouth. 

"No problem, I always love to help out a friend," Christy scooted closer and leaned against her. "You know, you were hot last night, though I guess that Tuck blurred your senses. You just walked up to the guy, danced and then just fucked him right there on the couch. I was afraid we were going to be kicked out," Lisa smiled and lay back on her bed trying to clear her head. 

"Man, I'm hungry! Want to go eat some where?" 

"Yeah! Oh by the way you got several texts, here's your cell phone, in case you wanted to read them," Christy handed Lisa her phone and she saw the screen which read two new text messages. 

"Thanks Christy, if you don't mind, can you go wait down stairs; I have to make a personal call?"

"No problem, I'll go watch some T.V.," with that Christy was out of the bedroom and Lisa began to read the text. 

"Hey sweetie! Just wondering when you will be home. Its eleven pm," read the text from her mom. 

"How's the head? You seemed to bang your head when you slipped unconscious," said the Texter and Lisa wondered what that meant. 

Feeling her head, she soon winced in pain as a bump was fit by one of her long nails. Gritting her teeth, she sat through the pain for a few minutes as the sharp pulses of pain shot through her head. Finally, it seemed to com down and she began to reply to the Texter. 

"Well, now that you mention it, it hurts like fuck!" She got off the bed and went back into the bathroom. 

Looking into the mirror, she examined the baseball sized bump and shuddered from slight touch of it. Shaking her head, she went back into her room and proceeded to dig through the pile of clothes that lay in her closet. After a few minutes, she reemerged from the closet with a pair of jeans and an Aeropostale t-shirt on. Grabbing her cell phone, she gave a once over, but there was no response.

Grabbing her purse, she walked out of her bedroom and down to where Christy sat on the couch watching something on T.V. Lisa was about to tell her she was ready, but did a double take when she realized what Christy was watching. A woman was completely naked and was being ravished from behind. Lisa watched as Christy simulated what was happening to the woman, with her hand buried in her pants. She gulped as she saw the blistering speed of her moving hand and the way her face was posed. 

"You ready Christy?" Christy froze at the sound of Lisa's voice and turned towards her. 

"I can explain; I flipped on the channel and this was on," Christy yanked her hand out of her pants and turned the T.V. off. 

"Really, then why was that on demand?" Lisa caught her and Christy just smiled. "Let's go!"

Meanwhile, George was really pissed that he'd messed up with Lisa and he was driving over to take her flowers, as he drove he remembered what had happened the previous day.

"So, do you think we can ace this test today," said Beth as they entered the library. 

"As long as I can keep the lines memorized, then yeah we should," said George leading the way through the maze of isles. 

"Don't worry, we have three hours to study and plus, we can practice in the group room," they walked past few group rooms. 

"Yeah, it's just the actions we do during it, I feel so uncomfortable," he opened the door to the end room and gave her the courtesy of entering first.

"You are the mechanic who wants to become an actor, your going to have to get used to doing these explicit actions," the professor said it herself, "Either put effort or don't come at all and fail.""  

"Ok, though before we start, I can't believe he chose us to do the scene of a couple fighting and making up," he placed his bag in the corner as did she. 

"Ok, so quick set up scenario of what the scene is; one I'm the angry wife, you're the husband. You come home late one night, I yell and we fight, kiss and make up. Got it?" she stared at the ceiling, trying to figure out whether she had forgotten anything. 

"Yeah, I'll go out and then as I close the door when I reenter, we begin," they nodded and he exited the room. 

"Hi baby, how was work?" she asked as he reentered the room. 

"Long, the meeting ran late, you?" he placed his brief case on the middle table. 

"Oh nothing much, just the usual, cook dinner, only to have to eat by my self!" her voice raised in pitch as he undid his tie. 

"Honey, you know we have the meetings every Thursday," He unbuttoned his neck button. 

"How should I know? Half the time you don't come home till twelve midnight every day of the week!" her hands lay across her large breasts as she tapped her foot on the ground. 

"Wait a god damn minute! I go to work to keep this house ours. It isn't cheap you know! It costs me three fucking hundred a week in bills to keep the electric going in this god damn place!" he slammed his fist on the table causing her to jump back in fright. 

"What are you a gorilla? Have to bang your fucking fist to cause people to be frightened of you?" she banged her hands onto the table and he walked around it. 

"Well, maybe I do, what are you going to about it?" With that, her hand flew across his face slapping him hard in the cheek. 

He looked at her, not with anger, but envy and she soon slapped him again. No response was given as he stepped closer, her nose even with his chin. The tension was high in the room as the electricity between the two jumped around them. Their eyes still shimmering into each others, waiting for the other to do something. Suspense hung-over them, each afraid of what to do next; whether to talk or walk away. He breathed and began to speak. 

"I'm sorry honey, it is my fault, I forgot to call you; we are working on a merger with some high class corporate company that can be our meal ticket to more, something I haven't given to you in so long." His voice was steady as ever and she looked into his eyes trying to figure whether he was telling the truth or not.

"I'm sorry too babe, I just fear you would be cheating on me," her eyes now starting to flow with tiers. 

"Honey, why would I cheat on the sexiest woman in the world?" her eyes seem to shine as she smiled at his comment. 

"Really, you think I'm the sexiest?" she pushed her brown hair out of her face. 

"You beat any one in the world even Angelina Jolie" he leaned down and kissed her lightly on the lips. A shock coursed through their bodies as they broke their kiss, with just mere inches between their lips, he looked into her eyes. 

"And cut!"

"Deleted scenes," her whisper barely heard as they reunited their dry lips. 

As if they were dying of thirst, they probed each other's mouth giving one another reimbursement of saliva. Their tongues massaged each other, causing them to moan. He backed her against the table and she pushed his brief case off it. As she leaned against the desk, he began to kiss her neck. Her enriched perfume filled his nostrils sending chills through his body. Continuing his kissed down her neck, he dragged his tongue up from the bottom of her neck to her chin causing her moan. A slight buzz was heard and both look to his book bag. Walking over, he picked up the phone and saw Lisa's name causing him to look afraid. 

"Hi babe!" Beth had gotten on her knees and was fishing out his cock, "Yeah….Oooo" he moaned as she engulfed his cock. "Stubbed my toe, listen babe…I'm trying to get to class, can we talk later….ok love you!" with that he tossed his phone into his book bag and moaned some more as she deep throated him. 

Beth worked her hand and mouth up and down his shaft until he was hard. Getting up, she turned her back to him and smiled a wicked grin. Walking over to the table, she pushed her jeans and panties down to her knees and placed her hands on the table. 

"Honey, you know the kids are a sleep, how about we have some fun?"

There was no need to respond, with a grunt he pounced on her and jammed his cock into her causing her to gasp. He began to fuck her with out worries of causing her pain. She began to moan, but felt a tap on her back. 

"Shhh, you don't want to WAKE the kids now do you," George suddenly felt her pussy grip his cock.

Their bodies rocked back and forth with each thrust and the excitement from almost being caught had sent him a little closer to cumming. The smacking of their skin echoed through the room as sweat pour from their bodies. No fear of the noise dawned on them as he continued his rough assault. Both grimaced as their orgasm hit them. Her pussy gripped hard and his cock pulsed filling her up. Her head bowed onto the table as her shuddering body added more stimulating pleasure to his cock. Her back was arched and his cock was buried deep inside of her. 

Finally, their orgasm subsided and his limp cock fell out of her wet pussy. Their breathing was rapid as the two fell into a chair. Eyes glazed over as the recovery was the focus. Not wanting to stay any longer, he and she redressed and he was the first to leave. 

As he walked out of the room, he caught some fat man staring at him and he smiled knowing the fat man knew. Beth followed in pursuit, applying some last minute make-up. She joined George who had troublesome look on his face.

"What's wrong George?" she placed her hand on his shoulder.

"Beth, this wasn't right," he pushed her hand off his shoulder

"What do you mean? We were just acting," she stepped closer. 

"No!" the librarian held a finger to her mouth at him, "No, that wasn't acting; you knew that was Lisa on the phone. Why did you continue you know?" 

"Listen, you're in college now and there's no room for some high school pretty face. Just drop the zero," she clung onto his arm, "And get with the hero," she whispered in his ear and he stepped away with a disgusted look, leaving her in the aisle with her devilish look. 

As they were exiting the house, Lisa halted in place as George came strolling up the driveway with flowers in his hand. Christy hadn't realized she had stopped and bumped into her sending her off the porch. George was quick enough to catch her before she fell and helped her back to her feet. 

"What are you doing here?" She crossed her arms across her chest giving him the death stare.

"Well good morning to you too, I came to apologize," he held out a bouquet of sunflowers, her favorite and she grabbed them out of his hand, examining their fullness.

"Do you expect me to forgive you over just flowers?" once again, she squinted at him. 

"Babe, they're your favorite though, to be honest, you didn't let me explain," she cocked her head to the left. 

"Well, what are you waiting for?" he looked towards Christy and Lisa shrugged, "She's alright to be here, explain!"

"Well you see it was a Thursday and there was a huge test. Beth and I went to the Library to study and things went too far."

"How far is too far?"

"We fucked, but I promise I have no feelings for Beth," he studied her, trying to figure out what she was thinking, "So do you forgive me babe?" He held out the bouquet of flowers. 

"Wait a minute! You were fucking when I called last Thursday?" Lisa glared at him. 

"There was no way to stop her, before I knew it my dick was…," she slapped his face and rage for from the past came out. 

As he went to swing at her, he was caught by Christy, who grabbed his arm, twisted it and sent him to the ground. She pushed her foot against his throat and he struggled to get her off.

"Listen! Swing at my girl like that again, I'll crush your esophagus and nail your balls to the ground. Understand me?" He struggled a little and nodded. 

Releasing his throat, she joined Lisa who was dumb found on the porch as he got up. He gave them a cold stare, sending chills through Lisa's body. She was startled by the sudden vibration from her pocket and she reached into it, pulling it out. Flipping it open, she read the text. 

"Sorry for not responding, slept in a little today" said the Texter. 

"To bad you woke up late, could of saved me from my ex" texted Lisa and the sound of Georges car passing by caused her to look up. 

"You ok Lisa?" Christy walked up to Lisa. 

"Yeah, just haven't seen that anger in a while. Any way, let's go eat. Can you drive?" Her usual smile split across her face and Christy nodded. 

As she backed out of the driveway, she looked at Lisa who had her vibrating phone. She flipped open her phone and read the text.

"Sorry, but forget about him, tomorrows your birthday and he'll be the past. So where are you and your friend going?" said the Texter. 

"Heading to IHOP, need some breakfast."

"So, you seem a little tense?" Christy looked at Lisa while avoiding traffic. 

"I guess, I mean yeah. I was hopping for a relaxing day off of school and not George's confession that proved everything."

"I'm sorry you had to hear that, it was his fault on account of he decided fuck his co actor," Christy changed into the lane next to them and Lisa's phone vibrated. 

"Cool, so I lied, I was up and heard everything George said, but I didn't want to freak you because…I'm not going to reveal my ultimate surprise to you," Lisa was startled at the break of the text wondering what he almost said.

"How dare you, but any who thanks for talking"

"Who the hell are you texting?" 

"No, one, just a friend," Lisa looked up as they pulled into IHOP's parking lot. 

"Oh come on, I know ninety-nine percent of your friends, who the hell is it?" Christy turned towards her, staring at her with her glaring green eyes. 

"I guess you'll find out tomorrow, their coming to my birthday bash," Lisa jumped out of the car and walked towards the entrance. 

"Well at least give me their gender," Christy hung onto the door, but Lisa gave her a smirk as she entered the door. 

The cool AC bathed over her sending chills through her body. Her nipples strained against her bra as she seemed to cool down finally. Her senses were intensified. Excitement danced across her body as her nipples rubbed against her bra. Christy soon joined her and showed the same effect from the AC. Both gave a quick shake as a waiter came over. 

"Hi Lisa" said the waiter.

"Oh, hi Trevor, I see you're working today," she smiled as he guided them to a table 

"I see, you didn't tell Ted you had no school today," he fired right back at her causing her smirk some more. 

"I'm going to enjoy having off; I work every other fucking day, why not have one day off?" She sat down as Christy remained standing. 

"So what can I get you ladies?" He pulled out a pad and pen. 

"Well, I'll take an orange juice and a small cup of apple juice," Lisa looked at him and her excitement still flared as her hunger was becoming a nagging need. 

"Trevor!" rang the voice of Ted. 

"Yes Ted," Trevor looked over to the husky manager Ted who wobbled like a duck towards them. 

"I need you to clean the bathroom, "Trevor went to open his mouth but was cut off by Ted's hand. "No need to talk, Chad will take care of your tables. Now go!" Ted shooed him away and locked eyes with Lisa in which his already plumped face became saggy. "And you missy! Why didn't you tell me you had off today?" He crossed his arms across his chest. 

"Well tomorrows my birthday and I have some homework I have to do," she fed him both the lie and truth. 

"What ever, I'll see you Saturday"

"Sunday!" chimed in Lisa halting him in his place cause him to grunt. 

"Damn, do you always get away with stuff like that?" Christy flipped through the menu. 

"Yeah, as long as my nipples are seen, he can't fight me. Probably jerking off in his office by now," Lisa looked over to the kitchen door and her phone buzzed on the table. 

The screen flashed with phone icon next to Texter and in quick motion, she 

"You know, I bet you're thirsty aren't you?" said the Texter and Lisa was startled to hear his voice. 

"Wow, hang on Christy it's my mom" Lisa walked away from the table. "So decided to give me a chance to hear you voice?" 

"How else will you know it's me tomorrow or if I even show up," his hushed voice lingered in her ear. 

"Okay, so what do you mean am I thirsty? I just ordered my self some juice" she looked around to see if she could spot him. 

"Well, I saw how Trevor looked at you and obviously his looks didn't reveal his true meaning of what he could get you."

"What do you mean? I got what I wanted apple and orange juice."

"Oh come on, even though you dyed your hair, you still act like a blond. Just put two and two together and I'll enjoy it," with that, he hung up leaving her stunned as she placed her phone in her pocket. 

She looked over at Christy and she was flirting with Chad, but she found her self more excited. Her eyes drew to a lump in his pants and she smiled slyly. She caught Christy's attention and pointed at the bathroom. Walking over to the bathroom, she entered the men's bathroom where Trevor was scrubbing the floor. He looked up at her and placed the mop in the bucket.

"What's up Lisa?"

"Did you give Chad our order ticket?"

"Oh shit, sorry I forgot! Let me run this back to the kitchen," He was about to exit the bathroom, but Lisa stopped him. 
