 All characters in this story are 18 or older. You on the other hand, must be 18 or older to view this, if you're not, please click that red x in the corner and if you are, please enjoy reading The Texter.

Best Regards to Teloz for his editing. 

It was morning and the sun was just starting to shine through the bedroom window, when the blast of an alarm clock startled Lisa awake. She groggily fished around the night table in search of the alarm clock and finally, her hand came to rest on top of it, hitting snooze button, silencing it for another five minutes. Rolling over on to her back, she stared up at the ceiling, dreading having to go to school. A knock came at her door and she looked towards it as it creaked open. 

"Hey sweetie, are you up yet?"

"Yes mom, give me a few and I'll be down for breakfast," croaked Lisa as she pulled the covers over her head. 

Her mom just nodded, closed the door and proceeded down to the kitchen. Lisa rose from the bed like a zombie rising from its grave. Her dirty blond hair was a frizzled mess and her eyes blood shot. Swinging her feet off the bed, she stood up and walked over to her mirror to gaze at her sultry eighteen-year-old body. All she wore to bed was a pair of thin blue pajama pants and a Fitch t-shirt, which fitted snugly against her body, and a pair of white socks. 

Grabbing a scrunchy, she pulled her hair into a ponytail while walking into her bathroom. She turned on the faucet at her sink until warm water filled it half way. Soaking her hands in the water, she cupped them together and splashed her face in an effort to wake herself up. Drying her face, she proceeded to apply some eyeliner and then brushed her teeth thoroughly. Rinsing out her mouth, she grinned at her self in the cabinet mirror, displaying her shiny teeth.

Walking back into her bedroom, Lisa grabbed some books off her desk and placed them in her blue Jan Sport book bag. Giving her self another once over in the mirror, she exited her bedroom. Skipping down the stairs, she swirled around the bottom post of the banister, entered the kitchen and sat down at the table, where some eggs and bacon awaited her. 

"Oooo, thanks mom, my favorite!" said Lisa digging into the eggs. 

"No problem honey and what on earth are you wearing?"

"Oh, we're watching a movie in English, class and basically I'm sleeping," said Lisa trying not cause to her mom to freak out. 

"What do you mean?"

"We're watching Macbeth and I've seen it like fifty times!" 

"Well, if you want to go to school, dressed like that, then so be it, but be careful. Creeps will being paying close attention to you!" said her mom as she walked out of the kitchen. "I'm surprised George isn't here." called her mom from the living room. 

"He had to work early this morning, so I'm driving."

Silence echoed throughout the house and Lisa guessed her mother had left without saying goodbye as always. She finished her bacon and tossed the plate into the sink. Walking out to the living room, she had one final glance into the mirror next to the door and left the house. Hopping into her car, she started it up, backed out of the driveway and sped down the road. 

"Hello?" said Lisa answering her ringing phone. 

"Oh, hi Sarah.....no, I'm driving... Yeah I'm in my night clothes for this stupid movie," said Lisa trying to juggle the cell phone to her other ear, as she turned onto the main road. 

"I know! I don't feel like walking... I know it's just up the road, you know me, and I'm lazy.....yeah bye, see you when I get to school." said Lisa hanging up the phone and tossing it into the passenger seat. 

Blazing through a yellow light, she pulled into the turning lane and just as a crossing guard got off the road, she turned into the school. With a few maneuvers, she pulled into a parking spot next to Sarah. Sarah was dressed in pajamas just like Lisa; her hair up in a ponytail, shorts and a long sleeve t-shirt. As Lisa climbed out her car, Sarah came over and gave her hug which Lisa was happy enough to return. 

"I see some one is quite friendly today." Lisa, put her cell phone in her pajama pants pocket. 

"I can't help it, I feel I miss so much" said Sarah in a hushed voice. 

"Sarah knock it off," said Lisa laughing. 

'

"Sorry, just previewing the horrible movie we're going to see. Say, from whence, you owe this strange intelligence? Or why, upon this blasted heath you stop our way, with such prophetic greeting?" said Sarah in her best Shakespearian accent. 

"Something tells me you know the entire play" Lisa put the strap of her book bag over her shoulder and locked up her car. 

"'Nothing is, but what is not.' No, I was forced to memorize some quotes." They laughed together.

"Well, this is where I leave you my dear," said Lisa as they stopped in the lobby. "I'm off to be office aid."

"And I'm off to the boring hour and a half of Macbeth," Sarah gave her a hug and walked off to class. 

Lisa strolled into the guidance office and with a smile to Ms. Torres; she grabbed some passes, which need to be delivered to students and her pass to walk the hallways. Off she went down the hallway weaving her way through the flock of students who cluttered the hallway three wide, like cars going into the turns at the start of a NASCAR race. She used her small body to her advantage, as she wiggled past people who were talking and walking slowly, or at times completely stopping and talking in groups. 

As she rounded a corner, she spotted the first room she had to visit and ducked beneath some guy's arm, who was talking to a cheerleader, and into the classroom. Handing the pass to the teacher, she waved at a few of her friends and proceeded on her mission when the principal spoke over the intercoms. 

The principal, Mr. Mathews, recited the pledge of allegiance as usual and granted the students who remained in the hallways the freedom to proceed to their destinations and read the morning announcements. Since the hallways were less densely populated now, Lisa found it easier and quicker to get to classes. Going up a stairway marked up only, she heard a muffled moan and stopped on the stairway, listening. 

Soon, the noise returned and a quiet grunt echoed through the stairway along with a familiar odor, sex. Smiling, Lisa took a quick peek and spotted the guy whose arm she'd ducked beneath, getting a blowjob from the cheerleader. The guy's pants were down to his knees and he was staring upwards trying to keep himself quiet. Lisa continued to stare as the two continued their sexual act, noticing the cheerleader had a hand buried under her skirt, but Lisa snapped out of her semi-trance as she realized the passes were still in her hand. 

With a smirk, she grabbed her cell phone and took a quick picture of the two fuck buddies. Silently ascending the stairs, Lisa felt her pussy throb, and realized she had become excited from that little show. She had two passes left and they both went to the same room. Luckily enough the room was near a bathroom and after dropping off the passes, she skidded into the girls bathroom. Going into a stall, she sat down on the lid, breathing a little heavier from the mere thought of getting herself off. 

Placing her hand at the waistband of her pajamas, she slipped it down towards her pulsing pussy, she gasped as she began to massage her clit. As she stimulated her clit with one finger, she began to run the fingers of her other hand up and down her slit, feeling the juice that already covered her lips. Spreading her legs a little, she slowly began to insert her finger, feeling the warmth that radiated from her inside. As her middle finger went deeper into her, her breath was becoming a little more rapid. Slowly she began to withdraw her middle finger and as it came to her opening, she pushed back in causing herself to gasp. Not wanting to get her pajama pants wet, she used the hand that had been teasing her clit to push them off along with her panties. 

With her panties and pajama pants at her ankles, she resumed her fingering, but a little faster. She began to pant as her fingers picked up speed while fucking her and her free hand was rubbing her body sending more pleasure through it. With her free hand, she pulled her shirt up and over breasts leaving it atop them and pushed one of her cups beneath her c cup breast. The bathroom was chilly so her nipple was slightly erected causing Lisa to moan. 

She now had two fingers in her pussy and her other hand was tracing around her areola sending more chills through her body. Lisa was trying her best keep from moaning, afraid the bathroom would echo to her noise. Clenching her teeth she shoved four fingers into her pussy, her head was against the wall, she was fucking her own fingers and pinching the hell out of her exposed nipple. Lisa had placed her phone up on the lock of the door showing the picture of the guy and the cheerleader.

All Lisa could imagine was the guy's big dick in her, with her cunt walls clamped hard on his rod, trying to force his spunk out of him. She heaved forward as she hit the spot and could feel her rising orgasm. Still trying to keep her silence, she was about to hit her peak, when she heard someone else enter the bathroom and the door of the neighboring stall shut, forcing Lisa to freeze. A loud fart echoed through the bathroom causing Lisa to gag. Not wanting to wait through a following female's "release", Lisa pulled up her panties and pajama trousers and swiftly exited as she had entered, not disturbing anything. 

It was going to be a long day, Lisa was just on the verge on finishing what she had started, but unfortunately, she couldn't. Study hall was drag as well as World History, the teacher of which was old and boring, a stereotypical history teacher. Lisa had to force her self to stay awake by placing pens beneath her chin to keep her head up. She was frustrated that her hormones were going crazy still, but she had to wait until she and George hooked up.

Eventually it was time for Lisa's final class, English 4 which was a senior only class. Walking into class, she sat in the back as usual and everyone gathered in. A T.V. was set up at the front of the desk and Mr. Hue stood next to it taking attendance. As soon as the final bell rang, he closed his door and walked over to the T.V. 

"Good afternoon class, it would seem it's time for our most anticipated movie of the year," said Mr. Hue sarcastically. Irony and sarcasm were his way of teaching and keeping the seniors interested, and as usual, his statement caused everyone to groan. 

"So as I said yesterday, you can choose not to watch the movie and do what ever you wish, apart from disturbing the class or you can watch the movie, but if you choose the first option, I warn you there might be a test or quiz...hint, hint, wink, wink!"

"Also this will be either a two or three day thing, depending how it goes and now, without further interruptions, I give you "Macbeth"!" He switched off the lights and pressed play on the DVD player. 

Placing her cell phone between her legs, Lisa put her head down and closed her eyes. Sleep was about to set in when vibration tickled her legs, sending chills through her body and awakening the feelings which had only just subsided during the last period. She glanced down at her lap and flipped open her cell phone to read the text: 

"How'd that feel?" read the text and Lisa looked at it feeling confused. 

"What?" texted Lisa, placing her phone back down between her legs. 

Right away, the vibration tingled through her legs, igniting the fire again. Lisa at first didn't pick up the phone, enjoying teasing vibration through her legs, but several more pulsing vibrations, which shook her out of her glaze, struck her. She picked up the phone and flipped it open. 

"Oooo... you must love the vibration!" read the text and Lisa scrolled to the next one. 

"How's the vibration through your lovely legs?" it read, causing Lisa to look around to see if anyone was watching, but no one was. Just as she was about to place her head down, the vibration once again tickled her thighs and her pussy. She picked up her phone. 

"I want to help you because your sweet pussy must be aching by now," read the text, followed by a picture of Lisa in the bathroom with her fingers buried inside her pussy. "Now, don't be scared, just let me have fun and give you early b-day gift, lay your head down and take what I give you." continued the text and Lisa gazed at it for a bit wondering what to do. 

It was true her pussy was on fire and was in need of a release, but it was getting to be too much. Laying her head down, her heart pounded in her chest as she waited for her early birthday gift. She lay there, waiting for something, but it appeared nothing was happening. Something was happening though; her eyes were beginning to feel heavy. Each blink her eyes stayed closed longer and after a couple of blinks, her eyes shut, and she slept, opening up her mind to dream. 

"What is it that I should do?" said a voice and Lisa rose, realizing immediately that she wasn't in class. 

She stared around, gazing at the ancient stone walls, with decoration that looked mediaeval to her eyes. She found her self dressed in not her night clothes, but a strange silky gown which hid her figure, her hair was no longer in a ponytail, but dangling half way down her back, no longer blonde, but black. She glanced to her right to see her boyfriend George sitting in a chair and he too was in clothing she'd never seen before. He wore a long sleeved dress shirt, which was puffy at the chest with very wide sleeves. 

"What sin have you committed, my dear?" asked Lisa in a surprisingly Shakespearian accent. 

"It is murder to which I swear I can never take back," said George causing Lisa to cock an eyebrow. 

"Dearest, is the one of whom you speak, the one who sleeps?" asked Lisa, who had no clue what she said, and had the feeling they were both garbling Elizabethan English. 

"True be, the one who sleeps, shall not awake until rebirth," said George looking at her with a blank stare. 

"My George, if he sleeps now then he shall never awake, then you can be King," said Lisa crawling on her hands and knees to George and feeling she was some how in a Macbeth scenario. 

"Is this a dagger which I see before me, the handle toward my hand? Come, let me clutch thee...." began George, but Lisa recognized the line she'd heard often and tried to recall what Lady Macbeth would say. 

"My dearest, you shall not be alone, covered in their blood, we must find a way, to sway those who will dare distrust your word. Why not, we figure out way to beckon us a free mind, so we shall remain sane," said Lisa trying her best to think of what to say while placing her hands on his knees and kneeling on hers. 

"The mind you have, is full of thoughts, but false face must hide what the false heart doth know," said George pulling her up onto his lap. 

"Then may the almighty gods see the actions we shall commit and free us from what.....we......have....done," Lisa inched closer to his mouth. 

"Then on thy last words, from thys mouth, this blood on our hands, shall be sentenced away from my false heart," said George as they embraced. 

"My dearest! Dost thou know we cannot just kiss, to be ridden of thy foul act?" said Lisa backing off George. 

"What is it we shall do to eliminate such despair?" asked George rising from his seat. 

"In thy lords' eye, he sees foul and only foul, but in order for foul to be forgotten, foul must be over taken." Lisa was shocked at the knowledge she didn't know she had until she spoke it. 

"What foul deed shall we commit, that shall be less of death, but more too covert it?" asked George taking a step towards Lisa, who leaned against the bed post and gazed at the noble dog with a smile. 

"What thy, may do," began Lisa, turning around and gazing at George over her shoulder. "Is take me from behind!" 

"My dearest! That would be the most evil thought you ever thought, but I like it!" said George and he approached her with his hands extended towards her ass, they embraced, kissed and instantly Lisa was overwhelmed with pleasure, but it felt quite strange. 

Lisa felt so hungry for sex and had a feeling that her breasts were being assaulted, but George's hands were working not her breasts, but her ass. Her chest didn't touch the post, but she could feel her nipples being rubbed against something and it wasn't the gown. Their lips parted, but she still felt like she was being assaulted and George stared at her as she began breathing hard. Rolling her head back, her nipples felt in pain, but the strain of the gown over them, did nothing to them. She could feel them engorged with heat and it felt as if they were being twisted. 

Once again, her pussy was pulsing with lust and she winced a little, closing her eyes as her nipples felt like they were being tugged hard. When she opened her eyes, her nipples were indeed rock solid and her pussy moist once again. Looking up she noticed she was still in the classroom; she looked up at the clock to see they had a mere five minutes left in class. The part they were on was no other than the scene of Macbeth and Lady Macbeth in their bedroom and then she wondered had she dreamed this scene in a different way? 

Mr. Hue turned the lights on and a few groaned from the sudden change in lighting. Everyone began putting their things together, but Lisa was wondering why her nipples were practically ripping through her bra and shirt. She glanced down and her cell phone screen showed two missed texts. Opening it, she glanced at the first one.

"I hoped you enjoyed that because I did! Your nipples were amazing! How hard and hot they felt and your pussy was juicy, though I have to admit, I didn't spoil you..." Lisa scrolled to the second one. 

"...By the way, now I've given you a sample of your gift, I believe I should come to your party, where I can be give you more!" read the text and Lisa blushed; she was beginning to like this fling.

Lisa took one look around and smiled, hoping the person appreciated it. As soon as she rose from the seat, the bell rang and everyone rushed out of the room, including Lisa. It would seem the hallways would never stop being crowded as people scurried like ants in the rain for the protection to of their buses or cars. When Lisa got outside and there stood George next to the car, dressed in his work clothes; blue jeans, a white t-shirt and boots along with his spiky brown hair. 

"Hey babe!" said George facing her and opening his arms. 

"Hi sweetie!" Lisa hugged him and gave him a peck on the lips.

"So, how was school?" asked George as he got in the driver side and Lisa gave him the keys.

"You wouldn't believe it" said Lisa buckling up. 

"Try me" said George starting up the Nissan. 

Lisa took a deep breath and proceeded to fill him from the whole ordeal with the two people in the stairway, what happened in the bathroom and English class. George occasionally, nodded, but Lisa kept the whole texting thing out of it. When she finished, George looked at her and studied her making Lisa a little nervous as they waited at the red light going out of school. 

"You know what? You would look sexy with black hair."

"I guess I would, never thought of it." Lisa looked at her hair in the mirror.

"Well, how 'bout we pick you up some hair dye?" asked George as they pulled out onto the main road. 

"Yeah, just stop in at Harry's, I can pick up a box and we'll go back to my place," Lisa liked the idea of getting hair dye. "Besides, if I can't get a tattoo, then I'll dye my hair."

Pulling into Harry's, Lisa rushed into the store and George remained in the car. As Lisa walked up the make-up isle, she looked at some of the colors and her eyes came upon the color she'd had in her dream, black with some brown. As she walked towards the cashier, her phone began to vibrate and she picked it up. 
