 It was a typical Southeast Colorado summer day. The air was hot and dry and the wind was blowing just like it does every day. As a home health physical therapist, Kate was out in the weather every day. She reveled at not having to spend the entire day in the office. Even though it was hot, it felt good. She loved the heat and wasn't looking forward to summer ending. Her daughter, Dilan, had headed off to college. That meant summer was going to be over soon. Kate pulled up in front of her new patient's house. She grabbed the chart and her bag and slid out of her SUV. At five foot six inches tall, she wasn't exactly short. She had long legs and that made climbing in and out of her Yukon a breeze. 

She headed up the sidewalk towards the house. Her heart was racing with anticipation, and she felt the familiar butter flies flitting in her stomach. She has been doing this most of her adult life and had seen hundreds of patients, but she was over-anxious today, and she didn't know why. She took a deep breath to calm herself and walked up the steps. Kate stood there, her finger poised over the door bell. She hesitated for a moment and pushed the button. This was the most trusting community. Very few people stopped what they were doing to answer the door. She waited a few seconds and heard the familiar holler "It's open, come on in."

Kate opened the door and looked around. The house was in impeccable order. She quickly noticed the numerous shelves and book cases filled with books and the top shelves housed angels of every kind. Some had to be a hundred years old. She had never seen anything quite like them. There was a corner shelf filled with cups and saucers, angels, salt and pepper shakers, and a couple of china oil lamps. It was a pleasing display of items that didn't seem to go together. It was obvious that whoever this man was, he loved his angels. Kate looked down at her chart. "Mr. Callahan?"

"I'm in the kitchen -- come on back." he yelled. 

Kate slowly walked towards the back of the house. It seemed like most of these old houses had the kitchen in the back. This one was no different. She walked into the kitchen. His back was to her working on something on the counter, so she had a few moments to take in the view. He was a tall man, pretty well built. He had graying blond hair, and a nice butt. He was wearing a tank-top, so she could see the muscles in his arms. Kate lightly cleared her throat "Hi, I'm Kate, Your physical therapist."

He spun around and stuck out his hand. "Hi Kate, I'm Jake Callahan." He grasped her hand and shook it. "But, you can call me Jake."

Kate felt that burning sensation inside her. The one that shows up just before her pussy starts to leak. She had never had a handshake like that. She couldn't figure out what caused that reaction. Well, yeah she could. He had the prettiest blue eyes. He didn't just look at her, he looked inside her. At least that is what it felt like. It wasn't cold at all, but instead a very warming, comforting, almost exciting feeling. She didn't want to let go of his hand. It was warm and soft -- he obviously didn't do manual labor. She looked at him and smiled. "It's really nice to meet you Jake." She let go of Jake's hand but didn't move. She couldn't believe how handsome he was, and he swept her like no man has ever done before -- not even her husband. 

Jake motioned for her to go into the living room. She did and looked at the recliners in the living room. She could tell the light blue one was his favorite, so she gestured for him to sit. He did and she grabbed a chair from the nearby desk and sat in front of him. She leaned in to him resting her elbows on her knees. She arched her back just a little bit. This gave him a clear view of her 34B cleavage. Kate knew she had nice cleavage when she wore a regular bra, but today, she opted for the pushup bra making it even more pronounced. Her button up blouse strained to contain her full breasts. She knew that, and wanted to make sure Jake knew it too. She fumbled with the chart for a second. Looking over the little bit of information that was there. She glanced up and saw Jake staring at her cleavage. Right then, she knew this was going to work.

She discussed the problems Jake was having. He explained the doctor had diagnosed him with very early stage of arthritis. It was a rare strain that progressed slowly but steadily. One of the best treatments according to Dr. Donald was physical therapy and exercise. That alone would slow down the damage done by the disease. Jake explained the reason he requested home health instead of going to the office. He had set up a gym in his basement, and he wanted to work the physical therapy into his normal workout routine. He confessed to Kate that he had heard about her and the rumor was she was the best therapist in town. He didn't know why, but he wanted to find out. She smiled and thanked him. 

She explained to him the purpose of today's visit was to see his range of motion and come up with a treatment plan. Jake nodded in agreement. She told Jake that in order to make sure she saw his full range of motion, he needed to slip out of those jeans and into some shorts. Kate reached for her bag. She unzipped it and reached inside. She pulled out a pair of shorts and handed them to Jake. Jake looked at them and then at her. "You're kidding right?"

Kate held back a giggle. "I know they're a little big, but you need room to move."

Jake looked at her and back at the shorts again. "It's not that they are a little big. These are a little short and I..."

Kate stopped him mid sentence by holding up her hand. "I am the therapist, and I don't have time to argue with you. Go change."

Jake turned and headed through the kitchen to the back bedroom. Kate could hear him fumbling with his belt and mumbling something. Kate was grinning for what she had gotten him to do. She was going to take it one step further. "Oh, and Jake, leave your underwear off too. I don't need you getting all bound up under those shorts."

From the back bedroom came his response. "Are you serious?"

Kate blurted out "Yes."

While Jake changed, Kate got out a sheet and spread it on the floor. She went to the kitchen and grabbed a chair and placed it directly in the middle of the sheet. She reached in her bag and pulled out her goniometer. She would use this to measure his range of motion. She pulled out her clipboard and a stack of papers that showed the various joints. She pulled out one that showed the front and back of the human body. She looked at that one and smiled. Jake finished changing and came strutting in like he was a model on the catwalk. 

Kate laughed "Okay, now you're being silly."

Jake laughed with her. "I thought you might appreciate that." He did a little pirouette. "What do you think of my shorts?" He stopped and faced Kate standing directly in front of her.

Kate was looking at his shorts when she realized that she wasn't just looking at his shorts, she was staring at his crotch. She could see his manhood pressing against the thin material, and a faint outline of what appeared to be the head of his huge cock. Kate blushed momentarily and looked up at Jake. "We need to get started." She patted the chair and told Jake. "Sit here for the first part of this."

Jake sat down and she handed him the clipboard with the human bodies on it. She explained. "I want you to circle every place where you are experiencing pain, and everywhere that you circle, I want you to put the level of pain in that circle. Use 1 as the least amount and 10 as the worst."

Jake took the pen and began drawing circles on the bodies. He wrote neat little numbers in each circle. Once he finished he handed it back to Kate. She examined it and made the comment. "From what I see here, we have some things to work on, but for the most part, your pain level is very minimal. We are going to try and keep it that way, or better yet, make it less. What's up with the circles on the back, arthritis won't strike those areas."

Jake said. "I know that. I think I may have pulled a muscle or two." 

"Is that what's going on with the hamstrings and the glutes?" She asked.

Jake replied. "I think so. Or it could be my sciatic nerve acting up. I'm not real sure."

Kate circled behind Jake. "Don't worry Jake, I'll check it out." She reached down and grabbed the goniometer. "Alright Jake, let's get some measurements out of the way. First we need to check your shoulders, elbows, wrists and fingers. I want you to lower your arm like this." She took his arm and pulled it straight down. "Now raise your arm sideways as high as you can until it either hurts or you have it straight up." Jake raised his arm completely above his head. "Does that hurt?" Jake shook his head. Kate jotted down some notes. "Very good, now let's do that again raising it in front of you." Jake lowered his arm raised it in front of him until it was straight up and down. "Any pain?" Once again, Jake shook his head. "Good. Now I want you to try it towards the back." Jake lowered his arm once again and raised it to his back. He got it about half way and stopped. "Thats all the further I can raise it Kate." 

"Good Jake, hold that for a second and let me measure." She could see the muscles in his back ripple. She took her goniometer and quickly measured the angle. "Very good Jake." She touched his shoulder. "Any pain in this region?" She lightly massaged the shoulder area. Jake shook his head from side to side. "Good." Kate wrote down the numbers.

"Okay Jake. We are going to do a couple of short tests with your elbows and hands. I need you to hold your arm straight out in front of you." Jake extended his arm forward. "Now I want you to bend at the elbow as far as you can and hold it." Jake did so, and Kate took a quick measurement and wrote it down. She took Jakes arm and held it straight out with his elbow bent at a 90 degree angle. "I want you to move your hand in a circle". Jake did so. "No pain." Once again Jake shook his head. "Okay, now make a fist." Jake made a fist. "Very good, now I want you to squeeze my fingers." Kate placed two fingers in his palm and Jake squeezed to the point it almost hurt. "Very good Jake." Kate wrote some more notes and kneeled down beside Jake. 

Kate placed her hand on Jake's thigh, dangerously close to his crotch. Jake didn't flinch. Kate's heart raced for just a few seconds. The butterflies in her stomach were driving her crazy. She could feel the moisture building within her pussy lips. She was getting very anxious, but she took a deep breath to calm herself. She placed her other hand on his knee. "Okay Jake, I want you to try and lift your leg while I apply pressure." Kate pressed down as Jake tried to raise his leg. Jake's strength overpowered Kate and he was able to raise his leg easily. Kate patted his thigh with the hand that was close to his crotch. She wasn't sure, but it felt like she brushed his cock with her fingers. "Very good." She said. Kate stood up and walked to the other side and kneeled down again. "Okay Jake, let's do the same thing on this leg." By the time Kate was done, her heart was racing and she was a little flush. "Okay Jake, we are done with the chair." Jake stood up and Kate took the chair and moved it off to the side.  

"I want you to remove your shirt and lie face down on the sheet." Jake grabbed his shirt at the bottom and pulled it over his head. Kate saw his abs and was amazed at their shape and form. He had sharp tiny nipples on his perfect muscular chest. As he laid down, the muscles in his arms and back flexed. Kate loved a hard body and his was exactly what she liked. Jake laid down on the sheet and put his hands to his side. 

"I'm going to work on those muscles in your back and legs. Let me know if I rub too hard." Kate ran her hands over Jakes back feeling the muscles under her petite hands. His skin was soft and warm -- not something you would expect from a well chiseled body. Kate moved and kneeled just above his head letting her butt rest on her heals. Her knees were parted on either side of his head. Her pussy was wet and she could feel her panties were soaked. The way she was kneeling, her pussy was now inches from his body. Her breathing was coming faster as she worked on Jakes back slowly rubbing up and down in long flowing motions. Jake let out a low moan showing her his satisfaction. 

Kate worked on Jakes back for a good fifteen minutes. She felt every delicious inch of his back. Touching and rubbing and making herself more excited as she continued massaging him. She raised up off her heals so she could reach further and with one simple movement she slid her hand under the wasteband of Jakes shorts and her hands rested on both of his ass cheeks. Jake flinched and tried to look up at her. "Relax Jake". Jake lowered his head and Kate continued to massage his butt. Jake was enjoying his butt massage. Kate slid around to the other end. She pulled Jakes legs open and kneeled between them. She continued to massage his butt and started to incorporate his hamstrings in with the movements. 

While she massaged his hamstrings, she would run her fingers up the inside of his thighs. She stopped just before she got to his balls. Every now and again she would touch them with the tip of her fingers and wait to see if she got a reaction from Jake. 

Jake felt Kate's fingers touch his balls. This turned him on and he had to concentrate to keep from getting a hard on. Kate kept massaging his hamstrings switching from one to the other and then back again. It seemed like every time she rubbed close to his butt, her fingers touched his testicles. Jake could no longer fight back the hard on. It was raging now and he could feel it throbbing. He just hoped he would get a chance to cool down before he had get up. 

Kate was absolutely turned on by now. Her breathing was fast, and her heart raced. She knew her panties were soaked and she assumed she already soaked the crotch of her jeans because she could smell her own sex. As she massaged Jakes thighs, she wondered if her massaging turned Jake on as well. If Jake had a hard on when she told him to roll over, she knew she could go on to the next step. If not, she would have to come up with another game plan. There was a method to her seduction. She had done this so many times before. That's why she was considered the best physical therapist in the county. She did this with select patients, and they knew they could never tell. Kate patted Jake on the ass as she stood up. "Okay Jake, time to roll over."

Kate was now standing beside Jake. Jake rolled over and a smile came over Kate's face. She had accomplished what she hoped. Jake's shorts showed a very large erection. Kate stared at his erection and Jake started to blush. 

"I'm sorry Kate. This was not intended." Jake said. 

Kate smiled at Jake. "Jake, it's okay. This happens all the time. As a matter of fact, I hoped it would happen." Jake looked at her puzzled. Kate continued. "I want to explain something to you. I am the best physical therapist in all of Baca County, and I am going to share with you why I am the best. But first, I want you to promise you will never discuss our sessions with anyone. Not one thing. Promise?" 

Jake looked up at her. "I promise." 

Kate was thankful she lived in the Midwest. She knew a promise was a promise. Men in this part of the country still did business with a handshake. Jake's promise not to tell was as good as a written contract signed by both of them. She knew he was a man of his word. She also knew she had more to lose than Jake, but by him keeping quiet, he was also keeping the rest of her special patients safe from scandalous harm.

"Good. Now let me give you some insight as to why I am the best." Kate slowly started to unbutton her blouse, undoing one button at a time while she continued to talk to Jake. "I take great pride in taking care of my patients Jake. My patients get the best care they can possibly get. I, in return, get the best my patients have to give." Her blouse was now undone and she removed it. Jake smiled taking in Kate's beauty. Kate undid her bra and let it fall to the floor beside her blouse. She reached up and massaged her breasts. Her nipples instantly became erect. Next, she kicked off her shoes. Reaching down, she undid her jeans and let them fall to the floor. She stepped out of them and kicked them to the side with her blouse and bra. Never saying a word, she hooked her thumbs into the side of her thong, and pulled her panties off and tossed them to the side. She was now naked in front of Jake, and Jakes cock was throbbing under his thin shorts.

Jake took Kate in. Her body was tanned. She either had a tanning bed at home, or she spent a lot of time in the tanning booth at Pop's Liquor. Either way, she had no tan lines. Her breasts were a natural perky 34B. Her nipples were large and protruded nicely. She had a thin waist and a very nice bottom. She was completely shaved and when she parted her legs, Jake could tell that she had very tight pussy lips. Kate standing there with her dark hair, her beautiful brown eyes, her pouty lips, and that beautiful body, screamed sex. Jake suddenly became very aware of his erection. His hard cock throbbed and bounced under his shorts. Kate could see that and straddled his legs. She hooked her fingers into the waste band of his shorts and pulled them down revealing his huge cock. Her eyes widened when it popped free from the material. She pulled and tugged on his shorts and spoke again. "Are you okay Jake?" 

Jake smile and replied. "Yes. I'm very much okay." Kate continued to remove his shorts. She got off her knees and squatted to remove them the rest of the way. Jake had a clear view of Kate's pussy, and he could see it was wet with cum. Kate was back on her knees again. She was moving up on Jake. "Jake?" 

"Yes Kate."

Kate kept moving up. Her pussy now rested on Jakes cock pushing it flat against his stomach. Her pussy lips enveloped it spreading her cum all over the underside of Jakes magnificent cock. "In a minute we are going to work on your butt muscles, and I am going to give you an incentive to work them." She leaned forward and rested a nipple on Jakes lips. Jake needed no instructions. He raised his head slightly and sucked the nipple into his mouth. She tasted good and he sucked even harder. He nibbled on the nub in his mouth and Kate moaned. While he continued to suck on her nipples, she started moving up and down his shaft. Soaking it with the cum that filled Kate's soaked pussy. Jake now had one hand on her ass and the other one was massaging her tits. Kate slid down further and Jake's balls were smothered between Kate's swollen pussy lips. Jake moaned as Kate ground her pussy into Jakes manhood. 

Kate loved the feel of Jake's cock. It was a good nine inches and three fingers thick. He was larger than most of her patients which was good. She needed a larger cock for her coral. Jake moved to her rhythm as Kate slid up and down his shaft. "Do you want it Jake?" 

"Mmmhmm" was all Jake could get out. His cock was swollen to maximum capacity now. Kate stopped moving and slid up. Kate never touched his cock, but in one expert movement, Jake's cock head was inside Kate's sopping pussy. Kate stopped and let it sit there. Jake tried to thrust deeper, but Kate stopped him. 

"I want to savor this moment." She said. She slid a little more of her pussy over Jake's cock. Slowly she took it a little deeper. Then she raised up almost to the point where Jake's cock would fall out. Jake's cock was already soaked from her sitting on it earlier, but she loved to feel it go deeper just a little bit at a time. She could see from the expression on Jake's face he enjoyed it too. She took it deeper until finally all nine inches of it was inside her. She shuddered a little bit as his cock jabbed her cervix. It was huge and she needed to adjust to it for a minute. "Jake?" She whispered into his ear.
