 Author's note: To better understand what is going on, I would encourage you to start with the first chapter and read through. This is part of a series and was never intended to be a stand alone story. Thanks for taking the time to read my work and please vote. That gives me a sense of how everyone likes it. If you feel the need to criticize, please make it constructive criticism. This is my first attempt at writing a series, and I know I could use some improvement.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Jane looked down at herself. She hadn't realized how much all of this excited her. Her nipples were hard, and when she looked past them, she saw her panties were soaked. She didn't believe it, so she reached down to feel. Her fingers touched her panties right at her pussy lips. She felt a shiver go up her spine. She pushed her panties slightly inside her pussy, and she felt another shiver. She pushed even deeper and almost climaxed right then. She jerked her hand away from her crotch. She thought. "This is wrong. I just beat and fucked my best friend to oblivion, and I'm horny as hell and need to cum. Who's the slut now Jane?" Jane couldn't think straight. "It's the wine." She thought. She sat on the bar stool and sipped her wine. Her pussy continued to ache and tingle. She squirmed a little to reposition herself, but when she did, her panties rode up inside of her and pressed against her clit. She shuddered and thrust her hips forward. At that exact moment, her body twitched, and she started to cum. It wasn't an earth shattering orgasm, but it was still an orgasm. She wondered. "Is this what Kate feels when her body starts twitching? If so, this is amazing."

Jane had just cum, and she was still as horny as she could be. She looked down and the wet spot in her crotch had grown. She suddenly became very aware of her pussy and the changes going on inside her. She slid back on the bar stool. She saw the trail of cum she left behind on the smooth vinyl. She thrust forward again. Her body twitched and she came again. It was the same intensity as the first one, and she could feel her pussy oozing cum. She couldn't believe she was doing this. She tried to stop herself, but she couldn't. She needed to see. She needed to experience exactly what her best friend had experienced. She reached down and touched her clit through her panties and another wave spread over her, and her pussy leaked some more. She stood up and pulled her panties off. She spread her legs right there and explored her body with her hands. She took off her tank top and stood there naked. She was overcome with lust. She felt like such a slut at that moment, and she loved it. She pinched and squeezed her nipples and felt wave after wave of pleasure overtake her body. Little mini-orgasms flooded Jane's senses driving her lust deeper. She reached down and touched her pussy lips and came again. "My God." She thought, "This is amazing." and at that moment she touched her clit. Her body twitched, and she had another mini-orgasm. Cum dripped from her pussy onto the floor.

Jane looked down, and there was a puddle of cum on the floor, gooey white cum. This excited Jane even more, as she had never been able to ooze cum like Kate. She continued to rub her body producing mini-orgasms the whole time. Her pussy dripped cum every time. She brushed her clit with her finger and came again. She was beyond herself now. She started whispering to herself. "Jane you fucking slut. You love having your nipples pinched don't you slut?" At that moment, Jane grabbed both of her nipples and pinched them hard. She came again. "That's it slut. You like that don't you? Oh God Yes. You want to fuck your cunt don't you slut? Oh God Yes. I want to cum." She buried her fingers inside her cunt and mashed her clit with her thumb. Her legs locked and she threw her head back. She exploded and her pussy poured more cum onto the floor. She didn't know she could cum like that, but at the moment, she wasn't thinking about that. She continued fucking her pussy and pulling on her nipples. She was moaning loudly into the air. She didn't care if anyone heard her. The only thing she wanted at that moment was to cum hard. "Ugh. Fuck yourself you nasty slut." She continued. She just kept coming, and her juices kept dripping. She slowed playing with her pussy, as her orgasm started to subside. Her body was shaking and she was sweating. She looked down at the mess she had created. 

It embarrassed her, but excited her as well. She thought. "My God. I have never come like that. She brushed her clit and had another mini-orgasm. "Oh my." She thought. "This can't be happening." and she brushed her clit again, and another wave rocked her with a couple of mini-orgasms. She was tugging on her nipples again. She longed for those orgasms. She rubbed her clit and wave after wave rushed over her again. She kept having mini-orgasms, but she needed the real one. She needed that orgasm to rock her world. Jane dug at her pussy jamming her fingers in and out of her sloppy cunt. "Oh God you fucking cunt come on those fingers you slut." She said to herself. Jane fucked her pussy violently almost like she wanted to hurt it. 

Her whole body began to shake and Jane came like she had never come before. Cum dripped from Jane's pussy and hit the floor and puddled with the earlier droppings. Jane stood there with her finger mashed against her clit and her body shaking for some time. Wave after wave overtook Jane's body. She finally collapsed on the floor. She still had her hand between her legs and her body convulsed. Jane shook for a minute as her orgasm died down. 

Jane felt disoriented. She shook her head and thought to herself. "Wow, that was amazing." Jane was still breathing heavily when she tried to get up. She realized her hand was wet and she was lying in a puddle of cum. She got to her knees and grabbed a towel from the drawer. She wiped the cum from her hands and then mopped up the cum from the floor. When she stood up, she looked at herself. She had cum all over her body. She figured it must have been from the convulsions. She started to walk and realized the inside of her thighs were coated with cum. She spread her legs to look and more cum dripped from her pussy and ran down her leg.

Jane took the towel and cleaned herself up as best she could, but it was going to take a shower for her to really clean up. She glanced at the clock. It was only two o'clock. She sat down at the bar and sipped on her glass of wine. As she sat there, she let her hands wander down to her nipples. She caressed them and pinched them. She was amazed at how good that still felt. She shook her head and thought. "I gotta stop this. Maybe a shower will help." She got up from the stool and walked to the master bedroom. Kate was asleep. Her breathing was steady and her body was still. Jane wanted to go hold her, but Kate needed some rest and she needed a shower.

Jane went to the guest bathroom and opened the shower door. She started the shower going and turned to look in the mirror. She pulled her long blond hair back from her face and looked herself in the eyes. She loved the deep blue color. She looked at her complexion and was reminded of her Irish blood lines. Her skin was so pale, but it was soft and supple. She fondled her 34C breasts as she watched in the mirror. She held them up as if offering them to someone. Her areolas were large and she had large protruding nipples that were as big around as her pinky finger. She ran her fingers over her nipples and they instantly got hard, and she felt a twinge in her pussy. She knew she could come again, and deep down inside, she wanted to. She thought to herself. "My God. What are you doing?" She quit rubbing herself and climbed in the shower.

The lukewarm water poured over Jane's body and felt exhilarating. It cooled that burning desire she felt inside. She stood there for the longest time and just let the water flow over her body. She wanted to rinse herself of the sins she committed earlier against Kate. Every time it happened, she felt so bad and guilty, but she knew that after today, Kate's addiction will subside a little. Her sexual activities would be minimized if not stopped all together. It never lasted for very long, but it gave Kate a chance to try and put some of her life back together. Jane soaped herself down, and removed any evidence of the cum she writhed in earlier. She lathered her hair and washed the sweat and cum from it as well. She let the water run over her body reveling in the feel of the water as it basted her smooth skin. She finally turned off the water and climbed out of the shower.

She grabbed a towel from the nearby towel rack and dried herself off. Once she was done, she wrapped the towel around her body. She grabbed a smaller towel and wrapped her hair. She went to the master bedroom and looked in on Kate. She hadn't moved and her breathing was still steady. Jane headed back to the kitchen. She picked up her cell phone from the bar and flipped it open. She hit the send button and scrolled down to Phillip's number. She pressed send again. It rang a couple of times before Phillip answered. "Hello"

"Hi honey."

"Hi Jane. What's up?"

Jane sighed. "I'm sorry Phillip, but I'm going to have to cancel our plans tonight."

Phillip asked. "Why? What's going on?"

"Kate's here and I think she needs to spend the night."

In a concerned voice Phillip asked. "Is every thing okay?"

"Yes Phillip. It is now. Kate is asleep in the master bedroom."

Phillip knew about Kate's addiction and what Jane would sometimes do to Kate to help her out. "Oh Jane don't tell me. Not again."

"Yeah Phillip. It's not pretty. I fucked her up pretty bad this time. 

"Oh my God Jane. What do you need me to do?"

"Nothing here Phillip, but you could do me a big favor."

"You know I'll do anything. What do you need?"

"I need to let John know that Kate isn't going to come home tonight. I don't want to call him. You know I hate that bastard. Anyway, he stops at the Trails End every night after work to have a drink with the guys. Would you stop down there and have a drink with him and let him know Kate had a migraine and she laid down. Let him know I don't want to wake her, so she's going to spend the night here."

"Yeah, I can do that, anything else?"

"Yeah, I think once Kate comes to, she's going to be very needy and I have some patching up to do on her body, so I don't think I'll get time to cook. Could you stop by Loves and pick up a couple subs. Get a roast beef for Kate and an Italian BMT for me. Just load them up and we'll take off what we don't want."

"Yeah, I'll do that. Let me get the food and I'll stop by first. Then I'll go to Trails End and see John. I'll see you in a short."

"Thanks baby. I'll see you in a little while."

Jane closed her cell phone to end the call. 

She grabbed her glass of wine and returned to the master bedroom. She watched Kate for a few minutes from the doorway. "God she looks so peaceful." she thought. Jane went to the dresser and took out a pair boy shorts and a tank top. She slid them on and headed back to the guest bath to hang up her towels. She knew Phillip was going to be there soon and she was ready for him. She knew Kate wouldn't wake up for another hour or more, so she didn't have to worry about her right now. She grabbed a brush and brushed her wet hair. Phillip loved it when she seduced him with wet hair, partly because it fell heavily on his body and not just the light wispy hair when it was dry, and because the smell of her clean hair turned him on. Jane wanted Phillip today. She really wanted Phillip.

She settled into the kitchen with her bottle of wine. She turned on the TV and flipped it to Judge Judy. She loved this lady, as she thought she was insane and so out of touch with reality. Jane was laughing and watching Judge Judy and never notice that Phillip had come in the back door. As soon as she noticed he was there, she grabbed the remote and turned off the TV. Phillip walked in and set the bag down on the table. Jane turned to Phillip and hugged him. "You are a sight for sore eyes."

Phillip smiled. "I love you too. Where's Kate?"

"She's in the master bedroom, but she's okay"

Phillip said. "I need to see. I don't need any dead bodies coming out of here."

"Phillip, Trust me she's fine."

Jane escorted Phillip to the master bedroom. "See. She's breathing, she's fine."

Phillip turned to Jane. "What did you do to her?"

Jane looked at the ground in shame. "I beat her pretty bad and then I broke her."

They headed back to the kitchen. "What do you mean you broke her?"

Tears welled up in her eyes. "I just broke her Phillip."

"I know what you are saying Jane, but I don't understand. Do I need to take her to the hospital? Did you break one of her bones? What do you mean you broke her?"

Jane was holding back her tears. "I whipped her really hard for a long time, I fucked her with a strap-on, and then I fucked her with that huge dildo until I broke her desire." she pointed to the dildo setting by the sink.

"My God Jane, why'd you do that?"

"I had to. You know how her addiction gets. It's the only way. I've done this so many times before, but never this bad. I'm afraid I really hurt her this time. That's why I can't let her go home tonight."

"Okay. I'll run point with John, but he's probably going to call you or try and get a hold of Kate."

"I know Phillip. I have my story straight."

Jane's urge to cry subsided. "Phillip? Do I look sexy?"

Phillip looked Jane over. She was 5'7" and had long silky legs that went on forever. Her ass was round and full, and her boy shorts molded perfectly to her curvy cheeks. Her stomach was smooth and flat, and she was blessed with the most perfect 34C breasts. Her nipples were rock hard and wanted to escape the confines of her tank top. 

She moved closer to Phillip and brushed against his body. Phillip smelled Jane's freshly shampooed hair, and he felt the heat radiating from her gorgeous body. His breathing got faster and he felt his cock beginning to harden. Jane saw his bulge increasing and licked her lips. 

"You want me don't you?" she cooed. Jane could feel the depths of her pussy twitching, wanting to feel Phillip inside her. She reached out and felt the bulge in his pants as it quickly grew. She massaged his member, letting it grow in her hand. She looked up at Phillip spreading her lips and licking them.

Phillip saw the lust in her eyes and knew her pussy was soaked. He bent down and kissed Jane. He slowly maneuvered his tongue past Jane's lips, working it deeper into her mouth until he found her tongue. Jane moaned into his mouth as he slid his hand up and cupped her breast giving it a firm squeeze. He squeezed her nipple between his thumb and index finger. He pinched even harder when he got the response he was looking for. He continued fondling her tits outside of her tank top, working between one and the other. 

Jane shoved her crotch against him. She rubbed her femininity against his leg while she stroked his cock on the outside of his jeans. She pulled back from kissing Phillip and whispered into his mouth. "Fuck me Phillip, right here, right now."

Phillip slipped his hands into Jane's boy shorts, picked her up by her ass cheeks, and placed her on the counter while at the same time sliding her shorts over her hips. He pulled them down the rest of the way and slid them over her feet. He let them drop to the floor as he reached down to undo his belt. He let his pants drop to the floor and his tented boxers pointed directly at Jane's womanhood.

Jane reached out and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of Phillip's boxers. She watched as his cock sprang free and bounced on Jane's mound. She moved forward making sure her pussy was over the edge of the counter and mashed Phillip's cock against his belly. She ground on it making it penetrate the full length of her slit. Jane's pussy was soaked and by grinding her hips up and down, she managed to soak Phillip's entire underside of his shaft. His cock rubbed on her clit while she did this and she started having mini-orgasms again. Phillip felt her shudder.

"My God Jane, I've never seen you like this."

Jane didn't say a word. She reached down and grabbed his cock and pointed it at the entrance to her pussy. She slid the head inside her and reached around and grabbed Phillip's ass with both hands. She pulled him into her sucking his entire eight inches deep inside her. She wrapped her legs around him and held him in close. 

"Don't move Phillip." She whispered as her body twitched and she had another mini-orgasm. She could feel Phillip's cock throbbing inside her. He had the most wonderful cock she had ever fucked. She released her grip on Phillip and he started pumping her pussy slowly in and out of her with precision strokes. 

He felt her muscles milking his cock as he slowly fucked Jane. He felt the inside of her pussy twitch whenever she had a mini-orgasm. Phillip picked up speed as he felt his own orgasm getting close. He wanted to rock Jane's world and give her the orgasm she needed. He bent his head down and took a nipple into his mouth and sucked on it hard. 

Jane gasped and at that moment her own orgasm started. "Oh God. Fuck me Phillip. Yes. Fuck me." She was bucking against Phillips hips trying to get his cock deeper.

Phillip was pounding her pussy now and wanting to empty his seed inside her. Jane was shaking uncontrollably now and that sent Phillip over the edge. "Oh fuck. I'm coming." he cried out as his cock spurted load after load inside Jane's already soaked pussy. He didn't stop fucking her as his cock ejaculated inside her. He kept pounding her as Jane's own orgasm continued. Phillip could feel her pussy spasm around his cock as her pussy milked the remaining drops of cum from his love muscle. 

Jane collapsed back on the counter her head resting against the wall. She kept her legs wrapped around Phillip not letting him move away.

Phillip looked at Jane. "You always amaze me Ms. Dawson."

"And you always amaze me Mr. Doyle." Jane looked at Phillip. "Fuck, I needed that bad. Thank you." She smiled at Phillip in a very approving way. "We gotta do this more often."

Phillip looked down at her pussy then back at Jane. "Want a taste?"

"Mmm. I'd love to." she replied.

Phillip put his hand under his cock and pressed against Jane as he pulled his cock out. Cum gushed from her pussy into Phillip's hand. He held his hand there until her pussy quit oozing.

"That's a bunch."

"I don't care. Feed it to me Phillip."

As Phillip removed his hand from Jane, Jane sat up and stuck out her tongue to receive her present. Phillip brought his hand to her mouth and tilted it to let the cum run off his fingers and into her mouth. Jane eagerly swallowed the cum. She loved the taste of their mixture. He eventually stuck his fingers in her mouth so she could lick them clean. "You are so nasty."

"And you love it." 

Phillip just smiled and thought. "Yes he did."

Phillip reached down to pull up his boxers, but on his way down to get them, he stopped at Jane's clit and gave it a lick and then sucked it into his mouth. 

Jane shuddered and pushed his head away. "I can't do this right now."

Phillip laughed. "I know. I just wanted to give it a proper kiss."

Jane chuckled and slipped off the counter. She felt her pussy ooze more cum and drip down her thigh. She liked the feeling and didn't wipe it up. She slipped on her boy shorts and tank top while Phillip finished putting himself back together. 

About that time, there was a moan coming from the baby monitor. Phillip looked at Jane. 

"I guess I need to go."

"Yeah it sounds like our little addict is waking up. I'm gonna need to go check on her."
