 Dr. Adrian, an unconventional sex therapist by trade and passion, greeted her current clients with a sense of intrigue and curiosity. Apparently, Carson and Paisley Morrison had gotten themselves entangled in an open relationship that hadn't ended so splendidly. Love was definitely a many splendored thing, but not so much in their case. She closed their individual files and took them with her through to her main office, a smile wide on her face.

"Good morning," she said. She dropped their files on her desk and looked up at a strikingly beautiful couple. Carson had platinum blonde waves that touched his broad shoulders and his gray eyes were stormy, showing a hint of blue. He definitely had the sex appeal to attract women. 

She turned her attention to Paisley who was one of those stunning natural beauties. Her waist length brown hair required no styling and was slung over her right shoulder where it rested in her lap. Her angled features were makeup free and highlighted her plush lips and deep brown eyes. "Okay, so from the individual profiles you two filled out, I can tell two things immediately. One is that you two still love each other very much. Two is that you entered into an agreement you thought you wanted without truly researching just how it could affect your relationship." 

Before Carson could comment, Dr. Adrian held up a hand. "Thankfully, you two still have what it takes to make this marriage successful, or else you both wouldn't be here today, but it's going to take work on both of your parts. I want to know the gritty, deepest, darkest secrets of your attempted open marriage. I want partners names-just their first names will be alright, what you did with them that you don't do with each other, things you liked and the things you didn't. If we're going to fix this it starts with complete and total honesty. So, I'll give you two thirty minutes while I go grab a coffee and I'll meet you back here." 

***

A half an hour went by and Dr. Adrian found Carson and Paisley sitting in their chairs, unmoved. "Hello, how did you two do?" she asked and handed them both a coffee before she placed a tray of sugars and creamers on the desk in front of them.

"I feel better," Carson told her. "It may not seem like a lot, but writing this down made me feel a lot better." 

"Good," Dr. Adrian replied. "That's the idea. Paisley?" The young woman handed hers over, a little jaded looking. "Thank you. Give me just a minute to scan them and I'll be right with you." Dr. Adrian looked at both files, perusing the questions and the scribbled answers. When she got to the partners list her surprise showed when she looked up at Paisley from over the files.

"What is it?" Carson asked, leaning forward, concern on his face. 

"Complete honesty, right?" Dr. Adrian said, her question pointed at Paisley. The woman nodded her head. 

"Carson, would you care to tell your wife how many partners you've had since your open marriage started?" 

"One," Carson said, heat suffusing his cheeks. 

"And Paisley?"

She kept a straight face, but let out a huff of air, once that seemed to have been in there a while. "None." 

"None?" Carson asked, in obviously disbelief. "But the open marriage was your idea." 

"I brought it up because you were unhappy," Paisley told him. "You didn't talk to me, let alone touch me. You weren't the Carson I knew, have known. You were distant and irritable and not yourself. I thought you were unhappy so I said that we should try an open marriage. I wanted you to be happy again, to be the Carson I fell in love with." 

Dr. Adrian watched their body language as they talked and noted the way Paisley had turned away from him. Not a good sign. Carson, however, had turned toward his wife, a positive first step. "Okay," Dr. Adrian interjected. "It's obvious that communication broke down somewhere in the last six months, I'm going to guess it was from the very beginning, probably even before that. Still, the damage has been done because of it and the only thing that will fix it is for you two to spend some time communicating with and without words. How long has it been since you've been intimate?"

"Nearly a year," Paisley told the doctor, fighting the tears that stung her eyes. Dr. Adrian handed her a tissue. 

"So, there's room for learning how to pleasure each other again." Dr. Adrian smiled. She handed them a survey. "Fill these out and I'll be right back." 

She watched them look at the surveys and then headed over to her divider and opened it. She lit candles and set out toys and lubricants, preparing for the couple to use them. "All set?" Dr. Adrian asked them to follow her over to the space. 

"This is what I affectionately call my playroom. It's not a BDSM room or anything, although I work through that sort of issue as well. It's a room where couples and individuals can learn what they didn't know when they stepped through my door." 

"Such as?"

"How to pleasure their spouse or partner with even the simplest caress," Dr. Adrian told the couple, taking the challenge in his voice. "Carson, tell me what you think it takes to pleasure Paisley." 

"Well, I can tell you that she doesn't like oral and she's not much for any sort of foreplay." 

Dr. Adrian stepped between them before Paisley could scoff. "Alright. Carson, you're going to sit here and relax. I'm going to show you just how much you don't know about bringing Paisley to climax. I can tell you that what you just said wasn't entirely accurate. Just by looking at your wife's face, I can tell you that she thoroughly enjoys foreplay, oral included. She wants you to touch her, to tease her. So, since you don't know as much as you thought, you'll spend today's session learning, and you'll do some homework this week and show me next time just how much you learned." 

"What do you mean learning?"

"I mean, that I'm going to show you just how much Paisley wants you to touch her. How much she aches for you to love her with your body." 

He didn't seem to like the idea, but that didn't bother Dr. Adrian too much. In her experience, even the most annoyed husband took an interest when his wife was writhing and moaning, her body on the verge of climax. Time and time again she'd seen a husband want his wife with a renewed vigor when Dr. Adrian was done pleasuring her. 

"Sit back and relax Carson," Dr. Adrian instructed smiled. "Paisley will be out in just a second." 

 ***

Dr. Adrian went into the bathroom with Paisley and, together, they changed into something more...comfortable. "Are you okay with this?"

"I've never been with a woman before. I'm not sure I'll be good at it." 

"All you have to do is relax." Dr. Adrian smiled. "I'll be doing all the work. The main thing to get through to Carson is that you're a sexual woman with needs that aren't being met. To show him that you're a woman worth paying attention to and that if he can look at you through that light, he'd find his own needs being willingly taken care of as well." 

"I trust you." 

Dr. Adrian smiled. That was a good sign. She grabbed Paisley's hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. 

"Good. Let's go show your husband just how much you like foreplay." 

Dr. Adrian led the way out into the playroom area, Paisley following behind. She watched Carson from the corner of her eye, noting the way he took an interest in his nearly naked wife. "Remember, all you have to do is relax. Close your eyes and don't think about anything other than how amazing you feel okay?"

"Okay," Paisley whispered with a small smile. 

Dr. Adrian blindfolded Paisley and brought her warm lips down on Paisley's tender neck. She positioned her body so that Carson could easily see what she was doing to his wife and more importantly, how Paisley was responding. She moved her hand slowly up Paisley's torso, paying special attention to the delicate skin along her side, and cupped the young woman's soft and supple breast. Paisley moaned and bit her lip as Dr. Adrian ran her thumb over the tightening nipple. Dr. Adrian drew the strap of Paisley's baby blue bra down, fully exposing the beautiful shape of her breast. Immediately, she bent her head and flicked her wet tongue over that taut peak. Paisley's hips bucked in response and Dr. Adrian ran her hand down the slender slope of her belly. She continued to move her hand down, between Paisley's legs, feeling the gentle rise of her soft mound. She slid a long finger against Paisley's clit and moaned herself at the instant arousal that swept through her. That's when she stole a peek over at Brad, who was sitting there in his chair, stifling an erection and panting heavily along with the two women. 

Switching positions, Dr. Adrian pulled Paisley's panties off and grinned. She could tell a lot about a woman by the way she groomed herself and Paisley's landing strip told Dr. Adrian her client was a little bit of a freak, even if she didn't want anyone to know. The reddish brown, curly hair that did decorate her was soft and trimmed very short. "You're going to be a sweet treat, Paisley," Dr. Adrian told her as her pressed her lips to the woman's inner thigh. Paisley moaned and her body jerked with need. 

Another look at Carson told the doctor that he was intently watching them, his attention more focused on his wife now. The growing bulge in his pants also told Dr. Adrian that Carson wasn't nearly as over his wife as he'd thought when their open marriage had started. Dr. Adrian moved her free hand over Paisley's wet lips, parting them and then inserting two slender fingers into the inviting heat of her new lover's wet folds. Closing her eyes, Dr. Adrian concentrated on how Paisley's body clenched around her. Working back and forth, she built the young woman up so that her gasps of shock sputtered out as she tried to hold on. "Come for me Paisley," Dr. Adrian whispered against the woman's ear. "I want to feel that heavy burst when you climax." 

Dr. Adrian plunged into her again, running her wet thumb over Paisley's aching clit as she felt the orgasm she'd been pushing her client toward. Immediately, Dr. Adrian moved back to the position she'd been in. This time though, she bent forward and ran her wet tongue over Paisley's slick opening. The flavor of her filled Dr. Adrian's senses as she worked her tongue into that small space. Her lips suckled Paisley's folds until the young woman was crying out for release, her hands tugging incoherently at Dr. Adrian's thick hair. "Please, oh God!" 

"That's right, sweetie," Dr. Adrian encouraged as her fingers slid into Paisley's warm folds. In and out, Dr. Adrian drove her higher, then she bent over again to suckle Paisley's wet clit and once again her client exploded in ecstasy. Dr. Adrian finally sat back, satisfied that she'd done her job. One look at Carson told her that he was on the verge of mounting his wife right then and there. "Paisley why don't you, when you can, go jump in the shower and clean up." Her client just gave a nod and hopped off the bed, making her way to the bathroom.

"W-where did you learn to do that?" Brad asked, not even bothering to hide his obvious erection.

"Do what?"

"Pleasure a woman that way? Are you gay?"

"No," Dr. Adrian replied and laughed. "Pleasuring, whether to a female or male is about listening first and foremost. I'm not talking about what Paisley says, but what her body is saying. She yearns for you Carson, her body is ripe for release and she wants desperately to explore her sexual prowess with you. All you have to do is ask the question and listen to her answers, the ones she voices and those she doesn't." 

"So you're saying that she likes what you did?"

"She's human Carson, but as great as I was, it's you she really wants." Dr. Adrian smiled. She put an encouraging hand on his shoulder. "It's definitely not too late for you and your wife to make things work. Why don't you take one of the toys I set out and go join your wife? There's plenty of hot water so take your time. When you're done I'll be ready with your homework assignment." "Thanks doc, and for the record, what you did with my wife was so hot." 

Dr. Adrian beamed proudly. "That was the point." 

Dr. Adrian watched him for a moment, smiling to herself. Honesty was definitely the best policy and she felt confident that Carson and Paisley, especially by the time they finished their entire session set, would be just fine in and out of the bedroom. She heard a squeal and the deep male laughter. She pictured Carson arousing his wife with the long, thick vibrator he'd chosen. It wasn't long before he heard the throaty moans of a woman on the verge of another orgasm. 

Wet and wanting herself, Dr. Adrian found the vibrator she preferred and started touching herself. She fondled her swollen clit and fingered her own wet folds. Ripe for release from her foreplay with Paisley, Dr. Adrian worked her body slowly, using a favorite tantric method to prolong the climax that would relax her. She listened to Paisley and Carson loving one another in the bathroom and felt her body build up as they enjoyed each other. She fondled her breasts, pinching her nipples as they tightened with arousal. She closed her eyes and slid the vibrator into the hot folds of her pussy, feeling it throb against the device she'd chosen. 

Already worked up, Dr. Adrian fought to hold on, her ears listening intently to Paisley and Carson. The second time Paisley cried out, eliciting a scream of Carson's name, Dr. Adrian gave her own unavoidable cry of ecstasy as she came hard around the vibrator. Eventually, after coming down off the high of release, she removed the vibrator and thoroughly cleaned it. She'd have to talk Garrett into bed tonight because fixing a married couple's sexual relations was always one of the hottest turn-ons she could get. 

By the time Dr. Adrian saw Paisley and Carson exiting the bathroom, she had their homework ready. "These pamphlets are a quick reference guide to foreplay and tantric sexual acts. I want you both to study them. Use them on each other and when you're alone. Learn what works for you and communicate that to your partner. Knowledge is power so the more you know, the happier you'll be. Be open and honest, Paisley, about what you like and what you don't. Communicate your needs and desires to each other. Sometimes, just hearing you say what you like can be as strong a turn on as the act itself. Enjoy each other and work hard to make one another the center of attention every time you make love. When you come back next week, we'll go over your lessons and the progress you made, things you enjoyed and the things you want to continue to work on." 

Dr. Adrian walked them out and returned to her office to close up early. She had a mind to pay her husband a visit at his office, wearing nothing under the trench coat she'd put on against the chill. As she walked out to her car, Dr. Adrian took notice of a car that was parked a ways down and smiled. 

Apparently Carson and Paisley hadn't been able to wait until they got home to get their hands on each other again. So far, if asked, Dr. Adrian would have said they were getting an A on their homework.