 This is the third in a series, read the other two if possible. This is all based in real life. I love hearing comments, suggestions, and ideas from people. 

**********

The train had arrived to our stop and we got on the nearby bus that was actually there for once. Matt, after the incredible cocktease at the subway platform, was still holding his coat over his crotch. I smiled – apparently the so-called inexperienced virgin had given him something to think about.

"So, are we going straight back to your residence?" Matt asked a little eagerly, his eyes watching my crossed legs. He certainly loved this outfit.

"No, there are a couple of things I still need to do. I need to stop into a shop quickly and then buy a few groceries… I hope that's okay." I kept an even tone.

"No, no… that's fine. Lots of time." Matt said, unable to hide his disappointment. Wait until he saw exactly where we were going and what we would be doing. I leaned over forward this time to get my purse, giving him an incredible view of my unrestrained breasts, and rang the chime to stop the bus. We got off and I led him down the main street, turning on one of the smaller ones.

"I give up… where are we?"

"Going to one of my favorite shops – you're going to love it." I had been shopping with Matt before, but it was simply for clothes. I guess he was still thinking about that, so I'm not surprised he was so unenthusiastic. We stopped in front of the store – it's called "Ladies First," and it's a sex shop for women. No men are allowed inside without a companion, but I thought it would be fun to pick out a toy or two for the weekend. Matt looked at the sign in puzzlement, and then shook his head. We walked inside.

Now, it was just about this time that his jaw dropped.

I'm not surprised. There are graphic books, videos and vibrators everywhere, all sort of condoms, S&M gear, and all sorts of toys. The proprietor, Lucy, came up to us with a smile. She looked me up and down.

"Great outfit! The schoolgirl look is so hot. Can I get you two anything? Mineral water? Tea? Coffee? Or do you need help with anything?"

"I think we're fine, Lucy. How have you been?" I had been in here several times before and gotten to know her. We chatted for a bit as Matt's wide eyes traveled around the well-stocked store. I finished and led him over to some of the toys.

"Let's pick something out, Matt… what do you feel like? Ooh… strawberry lickable lotion… mm… what else?" Matt's power of recovery was amazing. He grinned at me and walked straight over to the vibrators, actually selecting the one I own. I laughed. "I have one of those at home, Matt… grab another kind!" He paused, and then selected a short but thick one. I looked him straight in the eye and picked up a small wooden paddle from the wall. We bought both of those and a few other items and we left the store. He was shaking his head at me, with a wide smile on his face. Occasionally, he'd back up into me in the store, letting me feel his half-hard cock from behind. We headed to the grocery store, and I led him through it, buying strawberries, cherries, whipped cream, ice cream, and chocolate sauce. I think the clerk knew what we were up to, judging by the smile on his face. I flounced my skirt as we left, letting him see my partially covered behind. I took a strawberry out of the bag and looked at Matt as I sucked and nibbled it, swirling my tongue around it. He watched, transfixed, until it was gone.

"You are such a tease," Matt said, laughing. "I never would have believed it, Shannon. Never. You look like such a good girl." I slowed down and placed my hand on the front of his pants, hearing his laughter and breath cut off.

"That's what you love," I said, giving his burgeoning cock a caress, "Isn't it? You like knowing one of your friends is someone who'll smile innocently in public, and fuck you in private, don't you? Just imagine us being home for Easter and going off and fucking in the bathroom, no one else knowing about it. Or me sucking your cock again, but maybe in the park or in your house… and no one knowing the wiser, thinking I'm just your sweet friend Shannon. You love it… don't you?" As I was talking, I could feel the answer in his pants before he even said it.

"Yes, damnit. And if we don't get to your room soon, your hand is going to be soaked," he said roughly, turning me around and giving me a passionate kiss, then pushing me forward. A few minutes later, we arrived at my residence. We took the elevator upstairs to my floor and went straight to my room. I had changed the sheets, and set out some fun toys. He saw them immediately as he went in. He wandered around, touching them, as I put away some of the groceries…

"Quite a collection…"

"What can I say, Matt, I like variety…" He violently turned around. 

"I need you… right now. Let's play later, and fuck now."

"We can't do both?" I took out the new vibrator and loaded it with batteries from my stash. I started rubbing it up and down on him, while kissing him. His tongue was hot in my mouth, nibbling and biting my lips and tongue. He reached over and pulled off my blouse, revealing my large rounded breasts, and their pale pink nipples. 

"Beautiful…" he murmured as his mouth found my nipples, sucking and teasing them. I gasped, raking my nails down his back. I reached down, and pulled his shirt up, getting it stuck on his head in my eagerness. He laughed from the confines and then freed himself, throwing his shirt next to my blouse. 

"Might as well take all of it off," I said with a smile, and he did, leaving himself completely naked.

"What about you?" 

I giggled. "Why don't I leave it on?" After all, I was only wearing the skirt and the garter belt, nothing else. I lifted the tiny plaid skirt, showing him my cunt, trimmed with only a few soaked red tufts of hair. He groaned and reached for me, pushing me onto the bed. He ran his hands through my copper-colored hair, and paused at the entrance.

"Are you ready? I'll try and go as slowly as I can…" he said, searching my eyes.

"I'm so ready… and I like it rough," I replied, running my tongue around his ear and then nipping the lobe. He rubbed his soaking cock up and down the entrance, getting it even wetter than it was before. We both groaned. He then entered me, causing me to suddenly grasp his back tightly. 

"Oh God, Matt, do it. Fuck me!" I moaned, and he entered me fast. It hurt at first, but the pain was mingled with pleasure, and I started to crave the thrusting of his enormous cock. We both started to moan and scream; not caring about the neighbors, not caring about anything about how good it felt. He finally pressed in all of the way.

"Oh fuck, Shannon, you're so tight!" I could feel his giant cock starting to pound in me, and I fucked him just as easily. I bit his lip and pushed him onto his back, riding him. I screamed and came for the first time in a week, showering even more wetness onto his cock. He grabbed my breasts, softly caressing at first and then roughly kneading them as I could feel his calluses. I moved one of his hands to my clit, making him rub it as I rode him and reaching behind him to hold the vibrator to his balls. This sent him over the edge, and he fucked me vigorously, both of us about to come.

"Do it on me, Matt," I gasped, feeling incredible.

"Are you…sure?" he gasped out, looked shocked and excited.

"Do it! Oh fuck, I'm…" I ran out of breath and came as he exited me. He groaned for a final time and sprayed my face and breasts with his hot white cum. He then collapsed a little smiling at me. I was a mess. I licked around my lips, grabbing a nearby towel and rubbing some of it off. I got most of it, but I leaned down and licked my own nipple to remove the cum that had settled there. Matt watched me do it, and I saw him catch his breath. I looked down and laughed as I saw he had started to get hard again.

"Maybe I'd better change my skirt." 

The weekend had only begun.