 It was the first morning of meeting you; the sun was just coming up over the horizon and I couldn't get to sleep. We weren't sleeping in the same bed yet but I was sure that it wouldn't last long. I laid there a while longer, caressing my breasts longing of what it would be like to be in your arms. I was excited... I mean wow, I was here; with you finally. I had opted for a cute top and bottom pajama outfit that I thought you might like... I could remember all those nights on the phone vividly, the sound of your voice when you huskily said my name as you were about to blow your load, the heavy breathing you took to as you got turned on more and more. I start to tweak my nipples absently through my top with one hand as these memories flood into my mind, the other hand still caressing the tops of my breasts and my neck. My teeth gently bite down on my bottom lip as a small moan escapes my mouth... my nipples harden...

I'm in the zone... not really paying attention to what is going on around me... you had woken up too, and couldn't get back to sleep so came to check on me. I don't hear you knock... or the door creak quietly open. Your head peaks in at me... laying there on your guest bed...

A slight flush begins to creep into my cheeks as I find the warmth flood into my nether region... the hand caressing my neck and breasts starts to wander south, I run a finger along the top of the cute blue panties and shiver imagining it was your hand; your finger. The hands tweaking my nipples abandon the thought of the shirt as they slide down to the bottom and stop on my tummy. My breath catches as my other hand continues to run along the top of my panties occasionally sneaking a finger underneath. The warmth of my fingers as my hand lightly wanders from my belly button under my top to the bottom of my breasts. The feeling of my skin against my skin sends another shiver through me and my teeth bite down harder on my lower lip, my eyes flutter but remain closed. My hand grasps my breasts pushing them up from under my top, my nipples now fully erect and exposed; I feel my self lean down and lick the tips of them and blow gently. I imagine your breath against my neck and more warmth floods south-ways...

You look on at me mesmerized... your own breath starting to catch just watching me almost touch myself. Your own hand starts to venture towards your crotch and your catch yourself just before you get there. You move closer to the bed; you can see me clearer now, you yourself are remembering the phone conversations we had been having the past few months... your cock hardens...

I'm hot now, my body beginning to tingle as I arch my back slightly and lift my top over my head... I can hear your voice in my head the day when I was in NSW at my dad's friends as you tell me on msn how sexy I am playing with my breasts on cam. I casually throw the shirt off the bed; my hand continues to caress my breasts and stomach. My nipples hard. Goosebumps begin to appear on them as I gently tweak them. I'm imagining your mouth on me, the warmth of your tongue as it flicks them; I shudder. My other hand still teasing my lower area. It had left the top and was now gently rubbing my other lips through the fabric of my panties... My own breath catches and I shudder as I try to contain the urge to cum as your name escapes my mouth "Steven"; I wasn't ready yet - the hand on my breasts is now clutching the bed, knuckles red as my breathing slows down...

You caught the top as I flung it off the bed... you are now completely lost in what I'm doing forgetting the reason you even came in here. You realize you've taken off your own boxers and they are lying on the floor. You drop my top on top of your pants and again move closer to the bed. You are close enough now to see the sweat glisten on my body... the actual temperature of the room is chilly but you don't notice it. Your hard throbbing cock just inches from my body... you fight within yourself whether to continue to watch or break into my fun... your head wins though... your penis sad but still standing tall... your hand begins to stroke him and before long he forgets about joining in...

My breathing returns to normal... I can hear your heavy breathing now but I just assume that it's in my mind. I slip my hand under my panties imagining it's yours... my finger searches for my clitoris knowing where to find it... I touch it... my other hand grasps the bed again as I begin to slowly make circles. I pull my hand out, bringing it up to my mouth, tasting myself. They are hot and slightly salty... I lick my lips before once again biting down on my lower lip. I trace both hands down from my neck lightly around my breasts and nipples with a gentle tweaking. The throbbing between my legs is unbelievable; it feels like that part of me is on fire. My hands continue down and gently begin to pull off my panties... One leg after the other until I'm there laying completely naked and hot and flushed on your guest bed...

You can't contain yourself any longer, your cock has finally taken control and you venture out a hand to slightly run up my thigh... your other hand still stroking but faster now and more provocative... a moan escapes your lips as your fingers make contact with my thigh... my eyes pop open and look up at you...

I give a start and kind of shoot back up onto the pillows, before I remember where I actually am. My eyes grow bigger as I realize I'm stark naked and I kind of giggle insanely and look at you shyly not registering that you yourself are naked...

You had retracted your hand from my legs; your eyes drinking in my body hungrily... the other hand had stopped stroking but still held your still very hard cock. You kneel down on the edge of the bed; putting one leg between mine and the other on the other side... lowering yourself down until your face is within inches of my own... Your hands now holding you up...

My body reacts violently to the contact of your skin on mine - arching up to meet you, the heat from your cock pressing hard against my stomach as you lean yourself into me... I'm still shocked at your presence my own hands lay forgotten at my side. My nipples contract as your chest lightly grazes them as you bring your face close to mine... "Steven?" I manage to say...

As I say your name you savagely kiss me your tongue probing into my mouth. You are leaning on one arm now... the other back on my leg slowly traveling up over my thigh... up past my hips; fluttering over my stomach... gently squeezing my breasts as you continue to push yourself against me. The kisses become heated and you have to stop for breath... looking down at me... your hand caressing my face. Your mouth now tracing kisses down my neck, gently biting... down to my nipples; one hand pulling and tweaking a breast your mouth greedily sucking on the other nipple; gently tugging and pulling...

The sensation of your mouth actually on my breasts sends a new wave of heat down there... The throbbing almost a heartbeat in itself intensifies as I can feel your own heat and throbbing emanating from your cock now pressed against my thigh almost touching my other lips. My hands that had lain forgotten at my side are now traveling up and down your back - gently scratching. Running through your hair. My knee comes up; the hand that was feeling my breasts before now back on my thigh, the tips of your fingers gentle exploring the heat of my crotch; I moan. I can feel my excitement building, I shiver as your mouth leaves my nipple and begins trailing kisses from my breasts down over my stomach... lingering at the top of my pubic hair... you grin up at me cheekily...

You are just about to put your mouth on my clit but my hands find your hair and tug you up, my mouth finds yours and for the moment you are lost in the kiss. The hand on my thigh takes advantage of the situation as my leg falls to the side exposing my wet throbbing cunt. Your fingers before only exploring the area now plunged deep within me. My hips lift to meet you and I moan through the kiss not expecting the sudden pressure. You move slowly at first but start gaining speed. You reach the desired amount, my body now moving as you want it. Your mouth biting and kissing my neck... You remove your fingers to taste me; it tastes sweet and salty and of sex... of the want you know I have for you... you place the fingers in my mouth and I greedily suck on them between moans, my hips still lifting grinding into you as if your fingers were still there before returning to the task at hand.

I'm rocking back and forth to the movement of your hands, all thought has left my mind, the only thing I can think of is how close I am to cumming, The heat exploding within me every time your fingers move back in; the feeling of your mouth on my breast a close second. Both my hands are now gripping the blanket of the spare bed, moaning loudly... your name coming out randomly while my body shudders from the feeling of you...

You know I'm on the brink of letting it go; you slightly slow down the speed of your fingers but add an extra to it. Your thumb now every time you plunge into me gently hits my clit, you know it's going to take me over the edge... can feel the heat and tightness around your fingers... you put extra vigor into licking and sucking my breasts occasionally leaning up to kiss my moaning mouth... you moan yourself. The slight rocking of our bodies making your cock gently rubs against the bed...

I can't take it any more... I push you back and pin you to the bed... My face slightly damp from the heat of the moment. You are grinning up at me knowing how close you were to making me cum. I kiss you roughly on the mouth before straddling you. My wet pussy teasing the tip of your cock. The heat is electrifying and you grab my hips and try force me down onto it. My fingernails rake across your chest and now you are the one moaning and grabbing the blanket. I kiss the side of your mouth as I take you fully into me... My vagina is tight around your cock...

Your hands find strength once more; one returns to my breasts the other grasping my ass. You feel me arch my back as I ride you... You watch my breasts bounce up and down before just looking up into my face, our breathing is as heavy as each others now... both your hands are on my ass... grasping into it. You pull your eyes away from my face as you notice movement out of the corner of your eyes. My hands are rubbing and pulling and tweaking my own breasts, my rhythm becomes faster and you know from the look in my eye that you have won...

I cum with you inside me, hard and fast the throbbing not subsiding but intensifying as my cunt clenches even more tightly around your cock; my rocking slows, my body now pushed down close to you.. My mouth fervently pushing against yours. I see the look in your eyes as you yourself want to cum so I quickly get off... my energy returning as I kiss down your own chest towards your ever throbbing cock.

You gasp as you realize what I'm going to do... Your eyes like black diamonds look on in the semi light that now fills the room... The sun was now almost fully up. Your hands find their way into my hair and you force my mouth down over your cock...


I take it, my mouth flitting around the tip of your cock; I can feel your hands in my hair and the gentle pressure of you holding me down over your cock. Your cock tastes of sex, of sweat, of me and I like it. I look up at you, my mouth now riding up and down as my cunt had just been doing... one hand at the bottom pushing up and down in sync with my mouth the other gently tugging your balls and caressing your thighs... I can feel the tension in you building once more as you thrust up into my mouth...

You're moaning now... your hands still pressing me into your cock, you know you can't last much longer... your breathing quickens as you see me cheekily look up at you and lick the top of your throbbing cock and gently blow... the feeling of both hot and cold on your already sensitive member brings you over the edge and you thrust quickly and roughly into my mouth and choke out huskily "I'm cumming, oh god Michelle I'm going to... "

But I don't hear the rest... I'm too intent on your cock... I'm sucking hard as you blow your load... taking it down deep in my throat as you blow your load off inside me, my tongue is working over drive and I continue to suck until the very end... swallowing every drop of your seamen. I look up at you once again shy, once again aware of how naked we both are and its okay... you bring my face up to yours and you kiss me hard with lust and wanting...