 Chapter 1: Trip to ABQ – Friday

Tonya damn near knocked the stewardess down on the way out the airplane door, dragging Jack with her. The pleated skirt she was wearing was sticking against her loins as she hurried. Her blouse was plastered against her breasts from having been so sweaty. Everyone was looking, not knowing how hot and horny she was. A gate attendant thought something was wrong - it sure was, Jack wasn't inside her yet. They got away from the crowd and she maneuvered him behind an empty gate check-in that had a space between the gate and the window for observing the planes. It was perfect... and about as far as she could go.

She reached underneath her skirt and hurriedly inserted two fingers into her wet cunt. She brought her dripping wet fingers up to his mouth and he licked off her sweet juices. She was so soaking wet and needed him in her desperately, being just about uncontrollable... he knew and smiled... he got her in this condition in the first place. There was nowhere else she could even dream that she would rather be.

Facing the outside glass, Tonya bent over and placed her hands against the wall, her skirt flipped up onto her back, cunt open and ready for him to enter. She needed him now. He knew how long he could tease her and she had so many orgasms in the last couple of hours, but had to have him in her now. "Please, Take Me! I need you inside me!" Tonya was almost begging.

Jack already had freed his cock. Feeling his member throbbing against her opening, she rubbed back against his hard cock, desperate to have him thrusting into her, taking her from behind. She nearly screamed when he first penetrated her, the feeling of him sliding slowly into her slippery pussy was so overwhelming she thought she would cry. He thrust again, harder and faster, again and again, faster with each stroke. Jack slowed down and just let the tip slide in a few times, teasing her. She was whimpering and told him to hurry... "I going to pass out if I don't come soon." He slowly started massaging her clit, his fingers driving her crazier that she thought possible... his cock... thrusting in and out, in slow, long strokes again. He always knew... he said "Come with me."

Tonya could herself begin to come, she was exploding inside. She could just whisper now "Oh God... fuck me harder... Oh yes... harder... Oh God, don't stop, I'm coming...." 

She could feel him coming inside of her, shivering behind her, thrusting and thrusting himself into her. He collapsed, his head resting on her back, his cock resting inside. 

As Tonya's vision cleared, she looked forward and down below out the window, two baggage handlers were getting a show of which they never dreamed. He slowly eased himself out of her dripping cunt, and turned her around. She rested her head against his shoulder. He reached down and massaged her clit some more and she came again. Her dripping cunt could not seem to get enough. After a couple of minutes she was able to compose herself and smooth down her skirt. Both were still trembling from the lingering effects of their orgasms. He had zipped up and had the most loving smile on his face that made Tonya feel me starting all over again. The cum was dripping from her pussy down into the inside of her thighs. They felt wonderful and knew there was much more to come. She smoothed her hair some and laughed as she turned and waved to the baggage handlers. They excitedly waved back. 

They kissed, slowly, lazily, and he started them moving towards the baggage claim area. "Lover, I can barely walk. If you'll just stop and lay me down, I'll fuck you right here in the walkway." Jack laughed his gregarious laugh and had that wonderful smile that was part of why she loved him so much. He said, "I know were both tired now and I bet tomorrow we can spend some of the day with just ourselves. I want to lick and play with you and spend some real time without anyone around... you think you might like that?" It required no answer. His imagination was enormous, in work as well as what he did with her. "Jack, you're lucky. I was trying to figure how to fuck you even before we even got off the plane, the aisle maybe? I'm still horny... but I'm sure I won't kill me, maybe!" They had definitively taken the 'edge' off. It looked like it was going to be quite a trip, as always! 

-----------------------

Earlier

Jack pulled into the driveway and there she was, apparently washing the jeep. She had no need to this, as they had money and someone who takes care of the house and grounds. She left their office early. They were going on a business trip and she wanted to pack and Jack was sure she was ready in more ways that one. She could be packed for a trip in ten minutes. He thought she must want a little extra time with him before they left. From what he saw, he was correct. He did not see anyone around but Tonya. She must have let some of the staff go for the rest of the day, but there was almost always someone around......

The pose she had was a site. Her blond hair loose and blowing ever so slightly in the breeze. The white men's undershirt that was ripped off about 3 inched above her belly button. Her breasts were pointing straight out straining against the too small shirt, dark nipples showing right through. Jack loved the blue jean cut offs that were unzipped all the way and spread open as far as possible without falling off. One leg was straight and the other one cocked out and down. The bucket she was filling was running over, as he was sure she must be also. Stopping in front of her, the red jeep made a perfect backdrop for her sexy pose that he knew was on purpose. As he got out he pressed the privacy gate closer on the dash. He could see her hard nipples straining against the material, she wanted to fuck right here. He asks her how long she had been waiting. "About twenty minutes... and I am really horny. My pussy is just as overflowing as this bucket." They usually fucked daily unless one of them was really tired or sick. They loved each other deeply and had no need to play games. 

She was already crossing her arms and pulling shirt over her head as Jack got undressed. It was almost a race. She just let her cutoffs drop and he was ready. She flayed back against the jeep hood and spread her legs as far as possible without falling off. He slid into her in one thrust and she started coming and screaming. She was really horny. She was so turned and bucking that after just a few thrusts he told her that he was going to come. She screamed and was coming still as he did. They were wiped out after this morning and they had not left for the airport yet. She was so hot, she was like a spinning top that could not find a place to settle. After they calmed down, we needed to change and be on our way or we would be late.

Ten minutes later we were dressed and their way. She was wearing a white pheasant blouse and a pleated skirt, with nothing underneath. He threw on some jeans and a causal shirt. They owned a multitude of businesses and had lots of money. They each had extraordinary business talents and made quite a team. As they drove, they discussed some last minute strategy, this dealt with one of their computer programming companies... They were going to Jack's home town. They would visit with them do see if it was a match both ways. They could always pick and choose their customers. Their software was unique and very good. Their competition were few and just could not compete with them, they were doing very well. They had tremendous word of mouth references. Tonya just loved where they were headed.

As always, they seem to get to airport just as boarding was starting. They did not hurry, Jack had designed the reservation system years before. He was given a senior executive flag that showed on passengers for special service, one of the services was holding the plane till they arrived. He would not have accepted such a perk if it was not for Tonya. He like the extra attention she received, that was important to him. Jack was smiling to himself, "she got extra attention just by being herself." Men watching could not believe the vision she made walking along dressed they was she was. She had a body that would make a porn star envious... guys would look wherever they went. Jack was not the envious type and he knew she liked the looks most of the time. She said it made her hornier for Jack. He was very fortunate to have her and he knew it.

Tonya went to the restroom. Jack had ask for a towel and a blanket 

The lights dimmed in first class just as Tonya sat down, feeling the towel on the seat immediately... He was always so thoughtful. Jack's mind seemed to be blank until he felt her weight push against his side. She nestled in to his shoulder, and the light fragrance of her hair was quite pleasant. He put his arm lay over her shoulder, and it lightly rested on one of her breasts with his thumb strumming up and down. She didn't seem to mind, she just smiled.

It was a beautiful face. Bright blue eyes set over high cheekbones, a beautiful nose, and pouty lips in front of a really nice smile. Her hair was out full and tousled looking as if she had just had wild sex. She didn't object to the light pressure he started to apply. Her hand "fell" into his lap and covered the bulge that was starting to grow. Her warm hand, combined with his thoughts, was causing him to inflate. He had always thought himself to be rather average, but over the years women assured him that he was anything but "average". 

Tonya's hand moved over the growing bulge, as if to size it up. Then she picked up her head and turned it to face his. Their lips were inches apart. "I guess you think the towel is going to help catch some pussy juice. I am already hot and sticky. Thank you lover!" "Tonya, if you want we can sit quietly and not do anything." Jack lowered his lips to hers. She kissed back, softly, almost shyly. He probed her soft lips with his tongue, and her mouth opened to invite in the exploring tongue. As their tongues met, the kiss was hot. Their hands got busy, tracing out each other's body. Tonya felt the blanket over them and did not realize when he threw it over them. His hand went under her blouse. Her firm breasts were warm, the nipples stiff, like erasers on a pencil. Tonya's hand continued to rub his erection through his pants. "It's past not doing anything. I'll try to not scream too loudly," she grinned and kissed the tip of his nose.

His wandering fingers trailed down her stomach and over her flat belly, to between her thighs. She shifted on the seat, and her legs opened to allow better contact. He palmed the soft flesh and her hips rolled up to press against his hand. She moaned softly as his fingers found the slit of her sex. Her belly was very smooth, all the way down. There was no hair around her mound. She was very wet, down there, and he slid easily into the hot, moist hole of her vagina. She gasped as a second finger followed the first. "Oh My God, that feels so good!" Tonya exclaimed in a whisper.

Tonya's fingers started to unfasten his belt and he stopped her. He told her that could wait, this time was for her. "I want that inside me." She said, flatly. "At least in my mouth." He just stroked her some more and smiled. She knew that it was alright and that it was not a problem for him. He would stroke and play with her for hours sometimes. "I don't know how you can contain yourself, but I'm yours anytime, anywhere you want me" Tonya said in a teasing whisper. He could wait and he knew it would be worth it.

He used long, slow strokes. She was so hot, and she was so wet and tight, He knew she couldn't hold back for long. Tonya pumped her hips back at his hand sliding up and down clamping even tighter with each stroke. She knew how to use her hot sex and how to enjoy herself. He loved the feeling that he got when he would do this to her! 

He found her clitoris with one finger started rubbing circles around it lazily. As he rubbed her clit, she began to pant and groan softly. She started to explode. She calmed down a bit. "That was wonderful, Jack. You really don't know how much I love when you do that... then maybe again, you do!" She asked again if he would be alright and that she would sit on his lap and fuck him till my brains fell out. "I'll scream to the rooftops how much I want and need you!" He reassured her again and that he would fuck her when we got off the plane. "I might not last long, but I will be more than ready."

He could feel her nipples erecting again and feel the blood rushing to her mound in a flood of heat. She had another cum under his skillful hands.

Moving the blanket just a bit, the dim light was just enough for him to see her swollen delight. The outer puffy lips were engorged. The inner labia spread out like a delicate flower, with a long bud at the top of the wet slit. He dipped some nectar on his fingers and put it in her mouth. She greedily licked it of and he could just see a tear form in one corner of her eye. "Are you alright?" "Oh yes, more than you could imagine... Thank you." 

He started stroking her clit again, she felt like her nipples were going to pop off. "Your going to kill me if you keep this up" as Tonya could hardly whisper as she came again.

It was being announced that they would be landing shortly and the lights would come back up very soon. 

She said, "I'm ready to get off this plane and fuck you!"

-----------------------

At The ABQ Airport

They had picked up our luggage and Jack had loaded them on a cart. As they were heading out the door, Jack could see the limo that the hotel said would be there. Tonya said "the cool air feels good blowing up my skirt." There was a striking looking woman and two men that were already getting in. She certainly did not appear to be with them as they were staring and poking jabs in each others ribs and laughing. Tonya stayed with Jack as he helped the driver with the baggage. The driver was so surprised that a passenger would even help. He stated that most his pickups were "assholes," like the two men inside. All three of them laughed. Licking Jacks ear, Tonya whispered "I guess I'll need to keep my legs together on the ride to the hotel." Jack just smiled. When they got in, they sat on the side with the woman facing the two men. The woman had a blanket over her lap and she tossed it over Tonya's too. Tonya mouthed a "thank you." There was not much said on the short trip to the hotel. The two men were telling dirty jokes, most of the time for each others pleasure. Jack would let it go as long as it was not directed to either of the women.

There were three bellboys waiting, one for each party. The bellboy for lady was going off in a different direction. Tonya told her thanks again. She said "No problem, I hate men like that."

They were both tired & went to sleep as soon as they got to their room. Jack left a wakeup call for in the morning, for whatever reason.

-----------------------

ABQ

First Day - Saturday

Tonya would have awakened with a start if it was something that didn't happen quite often. She grabbed him by the hair and pulled his face deeper into her cunt. He had his tongue it in to the depths of her pussy. She shuttered and released her grip on his head. He tongued her pussy, moving his tongue in and out and then pulled away and moved his hand up to her smooth snatch and spread her lips and touched her clit with his tongue. He moved his tongue all over her clit, teasing it, moving it around with his tongue and then he put both lips on it and pulled it into his mouth. He started sucking on her clit, on her pussy lips, pulling them into his mouth and moving his tongue around on her clit. He could feel her stiffen and he knew she was about to cum. 

Jack moved his mouth away from the delicious pussy that he was eating and started to kiss his way up her body. He kissed her stomach, moving slowly up tracing up her body with his tongue. Tonya could feel his cock touch her leg, the hardness of it as he moved his way up. He moved up so slowly and so deliberately, she could feel him trace a line up her body from her smooth pussy to her right breast. 

He touched her left breast and began to gently squeeze it as he moved his tongue to the nipple on her right breast. He slowly nibbled the soft flesh around her breast and then he put his tongue on it. She could not to relax as he kissed her breast. After a few minutes of attention to her right nipple he kissed her breast and moved to the left side and then up until he was face to face with her. Tonya could smell her juices on his face. He pressed his lips to hers and then she felt his tip at her opening. He could feel the wetness of her as he started to enter her and then pulled back. He kissed her lips then kissed his way over to her ear and then down her neck. 

He stopped kissing her and was spreading her legs further with his knees. The head of his cock, barely touching the tight opening of her pussy again and pushed into it gently. Tonya closed her eyes in anticipation of what was to come. He moved inside slowly, putting it in an inch at a time and then pulling it out and then putting it inside a little more each time. Slowly, gently, softly he pushed himself deep inside her until he was all the way in. 

then he started to move it in and out of her. Tonya put her arms around his neck and he started to move in and out a little faster, thrusting a little harder with each stroke. He knew she was getting close, stopped and withdrew. He pulled himself out of her grip and then he started working his way back down her body, kissing her breasts and working his tongue down her again. He once again moved down her body and then he was between her legs again and he opened her pussy again and started to lick her, fucking her with is tongue. He took his tongue and flicked it across her clit and then started sucking on it. 

"Oh god yes," Tonya moaned, "I can't believe how good that feels."

Jack stopped licking her and positioned himself so that he could put his cock into her pussy again. He grabbed her by the hips and pushed all the way in into her pussy at an agonizing slowness. She was too far gone to stop now. 

Jack could see the look on her face and she was enjoying this. He started to play with her clit. When he touched it he knew by the way that she was pushing back that she was about ready to cum and not to tease her anymore, at least for now. He could feel himself building up and he knew that it wouldn't be long.

Tonya was moaning loudly and the muscles in her pussy were straining more and more.

"I'm cumming Jack, please come with me," she said. "I'm cumming too," he said. "I'm going to cum deep inside you Tonya."

She was to bucking wildly, feeling her pussy start to spasm around his cock and that was all it took to make him go over the edge. "Oh baby. I'm cumming inside you." Jack drove it in as hard and deep as he could. 

She pushed hard back against him. "Oh god baby, oh my god, Jack." He drove his cock home and continued pumping into her until he was spent. She pulled him tightly against her body and held him inside while she basked in the afterglow.

She lay there, exhausted and her body was glistening in the sweat that had beaded up on her body. 

The phone rang out and surprised them both. They both started laughing. Tonya said, "No wonder you left a wake up call." They laughed again.

"God, thank you. This was great! There isn't a way I can say or show Jack how much I love him," Tonya thought.

-----------------------

Tonya, in a beautiful custom fitted dark grey business suit, with a skirt the down to just at her knees with a matching blazer, could not cover up how sensual she was. Her yellow blouse accented her beautiful hair which was now fixed up as if done by a hair salon. 
