 We had met on-line a couple months ago, after exchanging e-mails at first, then later phone numbers and after a few conversations, Gail and I decided it was time to meet. I was extremely nervous, as this would be my first meeting with someone that I had met through an on-line dating service. We met at a bar that I sometimes go to for happy hour, which was also convenient for her.

Well, we had a blast. All the correspondence really paid off. Turns out we were both nervous but that quickly changed. We made jokes, flirted and generally devoured each other with our eyes. This woman aroused me like no other that I had met in the last 20 years since my divorce. This was due mainly to the fact she loved to tease. Now I love a woman that likes to bat her eyes, touch your hands and arms, moves so she exposes a little more cleavage or thighs and even glimpses of her panties to ensure her way in the seduction game.

I am beginning to realize this woman in front of me has made teasing an art form, you know... Then BAM... she was turning and dipping to give me a flash of tit and reinforcing it with a touch of her hand and a big smile. Soon my heart started beating again. A little later ...BAM... this time a flash of thigh exposed between her stocking tops and skirt when she crossed her legs before pulling the skirt back into place. Placing her hand on top of mine while locking eyes with me to seemingly say... did you see that...did you like that? I want you to like it.

Now I'd like to do the same in return. But we guys have it a little tougher. We don't have the wardrobe short of shorts (and these days they come down to your knees) to flash. The exception would be a kilt. It might be OK in Great Briton but in America? I don't think so. Well I could flash to tease. I find it kinda difficult though to take my hand to unzip my pants, pull my meat out, and find something to cover the exposed flesh then wait for the moment to flash. Once the dastardly deed is done. I'd have to back track the proceeding steps and once zipped back up, I'd have to stand and lift each leg, jiggle around a bit to get my goods comfortably settled back in place before sitting back down.

And doing all this without arousing any undo attention... it's almost impossible. Besides let's face it, we guys are so damn visual. After all women have been doing strip tease since before Moses. What we are left to do is to work our way into their personal space, because ours takes on a more physical form. So our teasing, as you know, is a little touch here, a knee touching there, an arm briefly on the shoulder while we whisper in her ear or any other type of pressing of the body. We are the strokers, caressing here, gently fondling there. And all the time we have to judge their reaction to our advances. Any way back to the story.

It was not long before we ended up in the sack fast and furious due to our being extremely attracted to one another and the teasing was constantly there... foreplay you ask? ... Maybe so... I would consider it foreplay after that night. This was not going to be a one-time fling I told myself. It was, just, to incredible. So we started to date. A month later we were seeing each other two to three times a week. We really enjoyed one another. Through this whole period Gail's teasing kept up. Why she chose me when she could have any man I will probably never understand. But she zeroed in on me and was relentless. The plus side for her was she always had my undivided attention. The plus side for me was this marvelous sexy woman. Thus here is the basis for my relating the events of a particular evening. I decided to do my own brand of TEASING to make a special night for her in this budding romance of ours.

One night, six weeks after our first meeting, we were to cook dinner at my place. I had definite plans for Gail this evening. She got to my place at 6:30 after a long day at work. I greeted her at the door and received a deep kiss from this sexy little woman. Breaking the kiss, I stood back to look her over, my hands gripping her shoulders, and said, "I know you will say, 'no I don't or something like that,' but you look incredible." Her hands that had been resting on my arms started to travel up to reach behind my neck for another kiss. "Why don't you get comfortable while I get us a glass of wine," I said and turned to go to the kitchen. When I returned with the wine she wasn't in the livingroom. Hearing something that sounded like the rustling of clothes, I found her in my bedroom over by the far side of the bed with her back to the door taking off her bra leaving her in her tiny red panties. Hearing me enter, Gail turned around and dropped her matching bra on the bed to let me gaze on her lovely breasts. Taking the wine from me, she started gently swaying her shoulders so her breasts gave my eyes a moving target. Looking up in my eyes she asked grinning as I slowly brought mine up to hers, "could I wear this shirt?" Pointing to the dress shirt I had worn to work today, that was now lying on the bed. "It has your scent. That way it would be like you had your arms around me till later when I let you take it off. Remember you did tell me to get comfortable."

'Well,' I thought, 'the little tease has been here for less than 5 minutes and she is already starting. I am going to give it back to her tonight in spades. I'm not complaining, mind you, I love the way she pushes my buttons like this. ' I look down in her eyes and she is still swaying her tits at me. "Sure thing darlin'. Anything to please you," I said as I put an arm around her waist and pulled her to me to give her a kiss. When she started to put one of hers around my neck to hold the kiss I stopped, turned and as I left I said, "join me in the kitchen when you are ready." Then I hear a stomp of a foot and a "hhmmmpphh." I just chuckled to myself as I exited the bedroom quickly going to the kitchen. The game begins and it is only 6:35.

On the way through the living room I stop and put my favorite 6-pack in the CD player and hit random play (Gail has told me she loves this particular grouping). Entering the kitchen I step outside to turn on the grill for the chicken. Then I am back at the kitchen sink washing the lettuce for a salad. I hear some humming to the music; a wineglass is set on the counter just to the left of the sink and a pair of arms circle my waist. "Craig," Gail says, "you still owe me some more from that last kiss."

"More? I didn't know that kisses had defined limits on them."

"Well that one was supposed to have more to it than it did," Gail said with a little pout.

"Darlin' let me just put this lettuce in some ice water and I will rectify that." That done, I turn around. With one of her arms still wrapped around my waist, I looked down into her upturned face and Gail leans back shoving her mound into my thigh, showing me that the shirt is unbuttoned nearly to her belly button. And again she starts her swaying so her breasts will move freely under this shirt of mine she has on. The swaying exposing first one nipple then the other. "You little minx look at you, your practically rubbing my nose in your tits."

"Yea, yea, yea and you just love it," she giggled as we both took another sip of wine. "So are you going to finish that kiss?"

"I'm thinking about it," I said a little cocky I guess. 'I do love it,' I thought as I watched her swaying.

"Thinking about it! Well think about this." With that she steps on top of my shoes, raises herself up on her toes, wraps both arms around my neck and pulls herself up even higher so she can bite my earlobe and whisper, "you are going to finish it! But since you stopped earlier now we both have shirts on and you won't feel my titties against you as well."

"I know how to correct that," I say.

"No clothes off until after dinner," she counters with a twinkle in her eye and a sly smile that seemed to say I wouldn't stop you if you try.

"Not until after dinner huh? Well we will see about that." I spun her around with her back to me, grabbed both arms, placed her palms together behind my neck, held them there with one hand to stem her playful resistance while I leaned down to kiss and nibble on her neck and ears. I moved my other hand to fondle her titties. Now, Gail is super sensitive around her ears and on her neck. Her resistance quickly faded, as her wiggling slowed she started to sigh and moan. Whispering in her ear while I was still teasing her nipples I said, "these are going to be real hard when I finish that kiss since you made your 'no clothes off till after dinner' rule." I took my hand that was holding hers behind my neck and I reached behind me and fished a couple cubes of ice out of the water as I then took an ice cube in each hand and proceeded to stimulate each nipple.

As Gail shivered and squirmed from the unexpected frigid assault on her nipples, I kept on nibbling on her neck and ears until she said, "You sneaky bastard. They are standing out as far as they are going to."

With that I tossed the ice back into the sink, turned her to face me, and lifted her easily by the waist (Gail is a trim 5'1" at 105lbs, I am a fit 6'2" and 225lbs.). As she came up her arms went around my neck, her legs around my waist, her hard nipples digging into my chest, and our mouths crushed together in a hot, tongue thrashing, moaning kiss. All the while she churned her sweet pussy against my hardon.

After what had to be the longest kiss of my life she leaned back, looked me in the eyes and said, "I think you got a better feel of my titties against your chest this way than when I was topless a little while ago."

"Yep, where there's a will there's a way, they say." Damn was I hard. "Let's finish getting dinner on the table. OK?" I slowly let her down.

As Gail stepped back to look at my woody in my shorts, she started giggling at the wet spot that seemed to run the full length of my erection. "Having a little leaking problem there big guy," she quipped, still eyeing my erection.

"I don't think its me." Quickly reaching under her/my shirt to feel her panties and play for a few seconds, moving my fingers over her pantied covered pussy. "I would say you are the culprit," withdrawing my hand which has two very moist fingers. "You're soaking and right thru your panties it seems." Bringing them to my nose, I inhale her musky scent looking in her eyes, I put my index finger in my mouth to savor the taste as I sucked it clean. "Mmmmm you taste so good. Here have the other," giving her my middle to enjoy. Keeping her eyes locked on mine she holds my hand with one of hers, she fondles my wrist with her other hand and takes my finger in her mouth. Gail licks and sucks it clean, then bobs her head on it simulating one of her magnificent blowjobs, the little tease. It's 7:00 and the game continues.

To Be Continued...

* * * * *

Hi, if you're reading this then you've probably just finished the first part of my story. I'd really like to hear what you think about it. So just email me at the address below and gimme a single word, a line or a whole damn dissertation, what ever you feel comfortable with. Let me know which parts turned you on and/or if there was anything that just didn't work for you. Feel free to copy and paste from the story in your response. Have fun with it. I did writing it. Who knows I might just send you one of those FRIGGIN' form letter thank you notes back... just kidding. I will respond in kind.