 Author's Note: The board game the students play in this story is inspired by the computer game the protagonists play in Wollstonecraft's Party.

*****

It was our freshman year at (name removed) University. What? Oh, sorry...I can't have anyone tracking this back to me because of what I did. I've changed our names, too. My new name will be...umm...Danielle. Yeah! Dani for short. I like being a Dani!

My cousin...umm...damnit, coming up with names is hard...Haley? Yes, my cousin HALEY and I were roommates, and newly arrived at the school. Our parents dropped us off, and after some quick goodbyes in the dorm lobby we pulled our luggage into our new room.

The room was as small as could be expected, with a bunk bed for us and a door leading to the bathroom. There were 2 desks and...another bed?

The toilet flushed, the bathroom faucet ran and a few seconds later a raven-haired girl our age walked in from the bathroom, drying her hands. Her face lit up with a smile when she saw us. "Haley! Dani! You're here!"

Okay, first, let me warn you that stating the obvious like that is par for the course for this girl. Oh, I guess you need a name for her. How about Mindy? That sounds vacuous enough, doesn't it?

Our other cousin Mindy had also registered for (name removed) University. What we didn't know, however, was that she had specifically requested to be in our room, and instead of MENTIONING IT TO US, the school just put us together. This was a banner year for the school, with a 15% higher student population than the record, so things like that just got pushed through to save on space. Still, we were pissed. We tried to convince the school to put her somewhere else, but there was no room, anywhere. What was worse, in addition to Mindy's stupidity, she and her family were total party-pooper, goody-goody Christians! We weren't going to be able to have any fun while she was around! Haley and I had dumped our high school boyfriends at the end of summer break because the University was so far from our hometown, and we wanted to party hard.

We did our best to make Mindy feel unwanted, but she was just so damned easygoing, and thick besides! She just didn't get it...it was like ignoring a puppy, y'know? She was so anal retentive she put labels with our names on the desks and beds, and even on the drawers in the bathroom.

We made do. Haley and I are very much alike - like sisters even though we're cousins - and we liked to hang out together. We went to parties and had lots of fun staying overnight at guys' places while Mindy remained in the dorm room, studying.

Weeks went by like this, and then came that fateful night when I brought Gary back to our dorm. He lived off campus and I just couldn't wait to jump his bones, so we slipped into the room and then into my upper bunk. It was late so Mindy was sleeping (Haley was out at some guy's place) and I told Gary we had to be quiet.

I should describe myself here, since at that point I got naked as my clothes flew everywhere. I'm blonde, tall (5'10") and curvy - I have been described as a goddess by some - and my voice can get loud when I'm excited. Yeah, I wasn't thinking. Gary went down on me after my panties took flight and I was still fumbling with my bra. I think Mindy may have woken up a little on my first gasp, and then she woke all the way up during the moaning that followed. Gary brought me to a near-screaming orgasm, and then clambered up to start to push his hard cock into me.

"Con-condom!" I managed to hiss through my orgasm-induced haze. By this time Mindy was watching us in the dim light of the moon shining through the window, although I didn't know, and frankly wouldn't have cared if I had. Gary made an annoyed sound (typical man!), grabbed his pants and extracted the "jimmy hat." I made sure he put it on before I pulled him into me.

Gary, bless him, kept his moans quiet. I didn't. His expert thrusting hit my G-spot nicely, and his pelvis rubbed my extended clit just right. He must have brought me to 5 orgasms before he started really pounding me hard, and then he groaned loudly as he thrust home. I could feel his condom-covered prick throbbing inside me and I came hard one last time.

As we came down from our mutual cum we could hear Mindy gasping in her bed. We hadn't heard her masturbating until we had stopped our own sex noises. She either hadn't noticed we had stopped or couldn't stop herself, and then we heard her climax: "Oh! Oh! Oh!" Then all was silent.

Gary gave me a peck on the lips and was gone. He knew the drill, and I knew the score. We'd have some fun some other night, or with others. Ah, university life...

I didn't say anything to Mindy that night. I pictured her there, face red with embarrassment, as I passed into sleep. This could be fun after all.

-

From then on I made sure to bring all my lovers back to the dorm. The guys seemed to enjoy being overheard, and when I brought one of them back while both Mindy and Haley were in their beds we heard both of them pleasuring themselves while we went at it.

-

One Friday night I decided we'd have a group study session, just the three of us. I brought red wine. Haley was all about the wine...Mindy took only a little convincing, wine being the blood of Christ and all, but soon she loosened up and we started to talk about boys.

"Have you ever, y'know...with a guy, Mindy?" I asked as we sat on the floor. We both looked at her, questioningly.

She flushed with embarrassment. "Um, no; never."

I pressed, "But you want to, right? I hear you playing with yourself when I fuck guys here."

Her face turned scarlet. "Um...um..."

"It's okay, sweetie. There's nothing wrong with those feelings."

"But..."

"You're at university," I continued over her protests, "It's expected."

She thought about it. "Well, my mom did put me on birth control pills. She said that she wanted me to be safe, after she heard I was going to be rooming with you."

Well, bless you, Auntie, you old bag, I thought to myself. She thought I would be a bad influence on sweet, innocent Mindy? Oh, yes.

Haley and I started to frankly discuss our sex sessions. Mindy had nothing to offer the conversation but listened intently. At one point she started to rub her thighs together, almost imperceptibly. I stood up.

"I'm going to call Gary over right now. Haley, you call Aaron." I then whispered to her, conspiratorially, "And tell him to bring a friend." I moved my eyes to point to Mindy, who poured herself another glass, as if on cue. Haley nodded, understanding.

The three guys arrived quickly and Aaron covered for his buddy Jason's "unexpected" presence; that they had been hanging out when he got the call and it was a party, right? Gary and Aaron sat down next to us and Jason started up a conversation with tipsy Mindy. She smiled uncertainly at him.

Some more wine followed, plus some beer the guys brought. Gary and I and Haley and Aaron were making out, and Mindy was watching, unsure what to do. Jason moved closer to her and took her hand. She started, but didn't pull away. Jason moved his head close and whispered something to her. She giggled. Very nice, Jason, I thought.

Aaron's hands were now under Haley's shirt and were massaging her huge mams. Oh crap, I forgot to describe Haley! She's brown haired, kinda short and curvy, almost Rubenesque; the kind of woman who's probably going to be fat when she's in her middle age, but at this age had the bazoombas to get the guys' attentions.

Mindy, in contrast, was of average height and a bit slim, although she had nicely sized breasts too, from what you could tell with the baggy clothes she wore. She was pretty, in a simple kind of way. Jason thought so, anyway, and he kissed her hand. How sweet (blech)!

At about that point I lost track of what happened with them as Gary ripped open my shirt, pulled down my bra and devoured my nipples. I gasped and pulled his head to my chest, eyes closed.

Things progressed quickly from there. Unlike with our normal voyeuristic show, the lights stayed on. As Gary took me up to my bunk and started inserting his condom-covered cock into me I noticed that Mindy and Jason were making out now. I could hear Aaron and Haley already fucking below us. Mindy's eyes kept roving back to our bunk beds as she made out with Jason.

I lost track of them again as Gary started to fuck me hard. Knowing that sweet, simple Mindy was watching spurred both of us on, and we made a production out of it. From the sounds below, Haley and Aaron were of the same mind. Gary thrust and thrust, and I was cumming almost continuously. I don't know how he held out, but after 15 minutes I pushed Gary back and got on all fours. Jason now had his hands on Mindy's breasts through her shirt and was kissing her neck. Come on Jason! We're hitting home runs and you're still at second base?!

Gary shoved himself back inside me and all coherent thought was lost. After I came for the umpteenth time and Gary finished off I looked over again. Jason had his hands in Mindy's pants and she was cumming too, watching us. When she was done she gave Jason his hand back, kissed him, and ran into the bathroom. The fun was over. Damnit.

-

The next morning I found something very interesting on the Internet, took a picture of Mindy's birth control pills that I had found in the bathroom, and made some calls. By the next day I had in my hand the most amazing fake copies of her brand of pills, and these ones had a little extra something-something to get her into the mood, as well as some natural babymaking hormone boosters. The black market at (name removed) University was rocking this year. By lucky coincidence (or maybe not, since I've heard that female roommates synchronize periods), Mindy had just started taking this month's supply a few days earlier, so I took a few out of the babymaking pills to match, tossed them into the toilet, and swapped the fake case for hers. I couldn't find where she was keeping her extra pills, if there were any, so could only replace the one case. The real ones I put into my drawer, after taking one. Waste not, want not, I thought to myself.

I decided not to tell Haley about the switcheroo. She hated having Mindy here too, but I figured she wouldn't go for something like this; better to save my favorite cousin the guilt. If all went well, Mindy would be pregnant, disgraced, and gone within a couple of months.

-

The next Friday night we had another "study session." It went a lot like the previous week, but Mindy had been taking the "tingle pills" for a week and had been drinking more this time, so she was a lot more relaxed when the boys arrived. She was happy to see Jason, and they started kissing even before we did.

Once again Haley and I brought our boys to our bunks while Mindy and Jason remained on the floor. I wanted to get a good look this time, so I pushed Gary onto his back and started to give him head.

When I looked at Mindy I saw Jason's cock was out, and Mindy was masturbating him with her hand. As they kissed he awkwardly tried to pull her jeans off but she pulled away so he couldn't. She didn't stop whacking him off, though.

When he tried again she broke their kiss. "I've never...I can't..." she stammered.

I called out to her, "Mindy, honey, it's okay. You're in charge. Watch what I do," and I made sure she saw as I lined Gary's hard prick up with my vagina. "Mmm..." I groaned as I sank down, ever so slowly. Gary was shaking as I finally hit bottom. Holy shit did that feel good!

I looked at Mindy. She stood up, slammed back the rest of her beer and then pulled her jeans and panties down. I couldn't believe it! She straddled Jason, lining up her noticeably wet hole with his stiff (but disappointingly not very big) prick. As I bounced on Gary's cock Mindy rubbed Jason's cock head around her pussy lips, and then sank down on it a bit.

I heard her groan, and then push down a little more. Jason seemed in absolute heaven. Well, why not? Fucking a drunk virgin, and without a condom? Gary and Aaron were probably jealous because they had to wear protection. Which reminded me...

I pulled off of Gary, looking down at his bare cock, shiny with my juices. He looked sheepishly at me. "I'm on the pill now," I whispered, "but it'll take a few weeks until I'm safe." He grabbed his pants, extracted a condom and disappointedly put it on. I climbed on board and slipped him right back in.

Mindy cried out, but not in pleasure - oh, her cherry! Jason was holding her, keeping her from slipping down his cock any farther...what a sweetie! I had paused in my bouncing to watch, and Gary started to thrust his hips up at me. I ground myself into his pelvis...mmm...

Jason moved one hand down and started to play with Mindy's clit. She gasped and stopped crying after a few seconds of this. Finally after a minute or so she started to sink back down on Jason's hard penis, and cried out again when she hit bottom, only in pleasure this time. Jason whispered something in her ear, and she nodded.

She rose up about halfway and then sank back down slowly, making sure it didn't hurt. Jason kept playing with her clit and her breathing was getting quite heavy. Soon she was bouncing up and down and Jason used his other hand to start removing her shirt and bra.

Gary and I resumed fucking with gusto. He was incredibly hard from the show. I knew it wouldn't be long for either of us. I could feel the tingling start in my clit, moving inward, surrounding Gary's cock. God, it felt so good! I thought about Mindy, possibly fertile right now with a bare cock in her virgin cunt, ignorant of the danger. I was so close...so close...

Mindy gasped and cried out as she came, her bra off but her shirt still on. Jason grunted, pulling Mindy down to grind their pelvises together. I pictured in my mind all the pent-up pressure in Jason's reproductive system blasting the sperm-filled semen up into Mindy's welcoming pussy with incredible force, and I came hard: "Auhh! Yes! Fuck meee!!"

Gary grunted as my spasming cunt forced him over the edge and he blew his wad. Haley and Aaron were right behind us as I heard them both cry out.

-

The next night went much the same. Jason still wasn't able to get Mindy's shirt off before he finished fucking her. Once again her possibly fertile cunt sucked up a load full of virile sperm and it was the hottest thing I'd ever seen.

-

Midterm exams took up a lot of our time the next week, but we all masturbated in our beds every night, not caring if our roommates heard us. Mindy was becoming a lot more comfortable with her sexual identity.

-

Another three weeks went by with weekends full of sex for all of us. Well, except for during our periods. We had synchronized our periods after all, and we were triply bitchy during that week. I was disappointed to see that Mindy got her period, but it wasn't all bad, as I would get to watch her possibly impregnate herself this next month instead. I made sure to swap out her latest batch of birth control pills and used hers again myself, once her new ones showed up in her drawer.

-

On the Friday during the next month's peak fertility time for us all, I wanted to make sure Mindy got good and drunk. I managed to get some tequila and we did shots, and then a newly-bought sex board game (Ride-a-Pole-y, a spoof on Monopoly) got the night off to a good start. I stole some chairs from the common room. Haley and Aaron sat on her bunk because there just wasn't enough room otherwise, and we used Haley's steamer trunk as a table for the game. Mindy and Jason were holding hands sitting on her bed...how sweet! We'd see what we could do about that!

We were arranged around the board like this:

Mindy Gary

---

Jason | Trunk | Dani

---

Haley Aaron

The game was indeed similar to Monopoly, but instead of paying money when you landed on people's properties you gave them pieces of clothing, or took drinks. Purchasing properties didn't cost anything; you just had to land on them. There were no houses or hotels; basic properties were gulps of your drink, intermediate properties were 1 piece of clothing, and the big ones 2 pieces. We all had 6 items of clothing (we let the guys wear their jackets, since they had no bras). If someone had some of your clothing and they landed on your property you could choose to get clothing back instead of taking theirs. Of course, the guys asked for their clothes back whenever they landed on one of the other guys' clothing properties, as did Mindy every time, but Haley and I wanted to see some skin!

Jason rolled an 8 and landed his piece on Broadwalk, which was owned by me. "That's TWO pieces of clothing, Jason...gimme!" I said, holding my hand out. I was already down to my pants and bra and he had my shirt, but... Jason pulled off his shirt and remaining sock with a flourish, leaving him in his pants (Aaron had taken the other sock earlier when Jason had landed on Virgin Avenue). I wrinkled my nose as he handed over the sock, but then dropped it in front of me.

In addition to the properties there were Pants (Chance) cards for the guys, and Chesty (Community Chest) cards for the women, which made the players do various naughty things when you drew them, depending on their state of undress. Many of the cards asked players to interact with other players, so the recommended setup for the game was to alternate the genders in each seat, as we had done. So far I'd had to kiss Haley on the mouth, Aaron had to give me a backrub for 5 minutes, and Jason had to tell us how he lost his virginity (at age 15 to his babysitter!). Mindy didn't look happy to hear about that!

Mindy landed on Pants/Chesty and drew a card. She looked around wild-eyed, so I took it and read:

"2 items of clothing: give a lapdance to the player on your left for one minute."

The lesser clothing items directives were even more sexually charged, but luckily for Mindy she still had her bra and panties after losing most of her clothes landing on several peoples' properties in a row in the last few turns. My Gary was the lucky recipient, and as he grinned at Mindy she looked at him as if he were the devil himself.

I spoke up: "Come on, Mindy, or you're out of the game and have to leave the dorm until we're done. Jason will stay." Jason looked at his buddies, who were giving him the evil eye, and he hung his head and nodded.

Resigned, Mindy asked, "What's a lapdance?"

There were simultaneous snorts from all 3 guys. Haley and I were expecting the question, given Mindy's inexperience. "You have to sit in his lap and move around a bit," I offered.

Gary was down to only his boxer briefs (damn those things look sexy on guys!), and he was tenting the front out nicely. Mindy got up uncertainly, stood in front of Gary's chair and looked down. "But...but his thing..."

I spoke up loudly: "You're both wearing underwear. Now DO IT!"

She quickly sat down across Gary's legs, but not right in his lap. Gary wasn't shy, though, and reached around her waist, pulling her closer. Mindy gasped as she felt his underwear covered hardness press against her panty-covered mound. She sat still, breathing heavily, eyes closed. I'm pretty sure she wouldn't have done this if she hadn't landed on several drink properties over the course of the game, and the tequila shots she consumed before we began the game didn't hurt either.

After a bit she asked, "How much longer?"

"You haven't moved," I replied. "The minute begins when you start 'dancing.'"

"Oh!" she responded, and then she started to shift left and right, which caused Gary's cock to rub across her sex. She gasped and tried to scoot back, eyes wide.

I got behind her and pushed her forward and down. I then lifted her arms. "Pretend you're on the dance floor," I whispered into her ear, "but instead of standing up you're sitting."
