 Anastasia was obviously much more experienced than Adriana was. Despite her young age, she is an excellent teacher whom I now know takes great pleasure in introducing her friends to the pleasures of bedroom.

"Put it in her ass" she says, on a commanding tone.

I look over at Adriana and I can see she is afraid, but also somewhat intrigued, and that she doesn't want to disappoint her friend.

"Don't worry, he'll be gentle and you'll love it," continues Anastasia. She lovingly kisses her friend on the lips.

Adriana kneels over the bed. As she looks back at me, Anastasia spreads her ass cheeks and invites me to come closer to Adriana's perfect ass.

The threesome, pt. 1 - How it begins

I had met Anastasia at an industry event a few months prior. She was an intern for the local marketing agency that organized the event and she was in charge of tending to the speakers' needs and making sure that they were on time where they needed to be.

I spotted this longhaired beauty from a mile away. I couldn't help but smile as I approached her. 

"Hi! I'm John!" I said. "I'm here for the... ummm... the keynote panel thing." 

She glanced over a list on the table in front of her and found my name.

She lit up the entire room with her smile as she looked up at me.

"Oh yes John! It's so nice to meet you! I'm Anastasia, I'll be taking care of you today." 

She got up to shake my hand. I was completely stunned by her beauty and couldn't say a word. "Let me take you to the speakers lounge."

She walked in front of me and I couldn't help but stare at her amazing ass. She had long legs and a bubbly butt that looked like two perfect volleyballs.

She had on a very professional black suit with fitted pants that beautifully embraced the curve of her incredible buttocks.

I had been out of the dating game for a few years, as it happens with age, and the thought of making love to a beautiful young blonde crossed my mind. I didn't think for a minute that it would actually happen, but it was pleasant to imagine undressing this amazing young woman and fucking her right here in the hallway for everyone to see.

Sadly, she interrupted my vision when she asked: "John, this is the speakers lounge. Can I get you anything to drink? Water? Coffee?"

I needed a second to get back to reality.

"Coffee would be great, thank you," I mumbled. 

"Be right back!" she responded.

I entered the lounge. I was first to arrive. Serves me right for being early. I sat down with my phone to catch up on email and in less than a minute Anastasia was back.

"Here you go," she said as she put the coffee on the table in front of me.

I thanked her for the coffee. "Hey, umm... if you don't mind, can you tell me... is what I'm wearing OK for this conference? I didn't really know if..."

"It's perfect," she answered, again with her incredible smile. "I really don't think people will care about what you're wearing, John. But if you ask me, you look like a total fox" she said with a playful wink as she left the room. 

I was completely under her spell. I knew nothing would ever happen with her. I was at least 12 years her elder, if not more. She certainly had plenty of suitors her own age, I thought.

When it was time for me to get on stage, she came to get me and helped me get set up.

The first panel went well and I spent quite a bit of time talking with attendees afterwards.

Finally I caught a break and was looking forward to going back to the speakers lounge to relax before the second panel that after-noon.

I looked around and noticed that Anastasia had plenty of gentlemen suitors competing for her attention. However tiresome it must've been for this young woman to be constantly fending off men, she was cheerful and almost flirty with the many men around her.

She noticed that I was ready to go and excused herself from the group. 

"Hey! So? How are you feeling?" she asked.

"Good, but hungry. Where can I get some food around here?"

"Well, most of the speakers have already left for the courtesy lunch in event room C on the second floor" she said. "So if you're in the mood for cold cuts and a sales pitch, I can take you there. Or, I know a really great place that serves dumplings nearby."

Had I not been so convinced that there was no way this gorgeous young woman was into older men, I might've interpreted this invitation and the smile that went along with it as flirtation, but at the time it didn't even cross my mind.

"I love dumplings. Let's go!" I said.

It was early autumn and the weather was still nice. As we walked towards the restaurant, I asked her about her studies, her job, and her aspirations.

She spoke with the eloquence of a much older woman, but the truth is I couldn't focus on anything other than her incredible body. 

Her wavy blond hair reached the small of her back, something that I've always found very sexy in a woman. She was also fairly tall, maybe 5'8".

As we entered the restaurant, I noticed that the top button of her blouse had become undone, allowing me to get a glimpse of her luscious perkys breasts. They weren't very large - maybe a B cup - but they appeared to be of perfect shape and firmness.

We quickly ordered and continued talking. Anastasia was studying tourism with the intention of travelling the world. I complimented her on her hostess skills based on my experience this morning and excused myself to go to the washroom.

When I returned, the food was on the table and another button of Anastasia's blouse had come undone, allowing me to see the complete side of her breasts and a hint of a pink bra.

We continued to exchange pleasantries during lunch and as time progressed I found this young woman to be more and more attractive not only on a physical level, but on an intellectual level as well.

We got back to the hotel and she guided me to the speakers lounge. On my way back, I couldn't help to notice that she had redone her blouse's buttons before reaching the event.

The rest of the after-noon went well and I didn't see Anastasia much. Our paths crossed again later that evening at the party organized for attendees of the conference.

She had changed into a stunning red dress that revealed her long, beautiful toned legs. She came to see me immediately when I entered.

"Hi John! I'm so glad you're here! How is everything? Would you like a drink?" she gently touched my arm as she asked.

"I could definitely use a drink or two," I said with a smile. 

She guided me to the bar where she ordered two double shots of vodka.

This young woman who could handle her vodka so well puzzled me. She read my mind.

"My family is from Russia," she said. "Vodka was on the table every meal." She winked and drank her shot at once.

Not wanting to seem like a lightweight, I drank mine as well and asked the bartender for 4 more double shots.

"I see someone is feeling adventurous tonight," she said with a smile. She was looking right into my eyes. "So do I."

It was becoming clearer by the minute that this beautiful creature had a thing for older men and that this wasn't just innocent flirting. I was still hesitant to make the first move due to the significant age difference, but as the evening progressed, our flirting, and our mutual desire, became more and more obvious.

After several more shots, Anastasia got up from her stool and took my hand. She guided me to the dance floor where a small number of attendees had amassed in small groups. 

We danced together briefly but I was uncomfortable being seen by the attendees in this increasingly risqué situation.

Anastasia was dancing circles around me and was leaving very little to the imagination. Our lips almost touched countless times and my hands were progressively making their way lower and lower on her back.

Before things got further, I pulled her close and placed my head next to her ear as if I was going to whisper something. Instead, I gently exhaled in her ear and softly bit her earlobe. I felt her body shiver.

Our bodies were glued to each other. She caressed my neck with her lips. I shivered too. 

There were no lingering doubts as to her intentions - she was as horny as I was. It was time to take this outside.

I let go of our embrace and took her by the hand. I dragged her outside as quickly and as discreetly as possible. Out in the hall, we passed a few attendees and politely nodded in their direction.

Our lips finally met for the first time in the elevator. There was no one else with us on our ride to the 38th floor and I kissed her the second the door closed. She didn't waste any time and immediately slipped her tongue in my mouth.

My hands started to explore her body as the elevator was taking us higher and higher and I slip my hand under her dress, along her right thigh. She responded by taking my tongue in her mouth and sucking on it. I was loving it.

Before I could reach the edge of her underwear, we arrived at my floor and the elevator doors opened.

She exited the elevator and turned around to look at me. She was so sexy. By that point I had lost all my inhibitions and I was ready to make this incredible young woman mine.

I passed her in the hall and quickly found the keycard in my pocket. I was attempting to unlock the door when Anastasia caught up to me and hugged me from behind, placing the side of her face against my back.

I was struggling to open the door and she gently slid her hands down from my stomach to my crotch. She wasted no time in finding my manhood through my pants and she teasingly caressed it.

It was driving me wild. Somehow I managed to open the door at the same time and took her inside.

I could sense that she wanted to set the rhythm and move to the bed quickly but the opportunities to have a perfect Russian blonde in your bed don't come around often so I had every intention of taking charge.

The room was lit only by the moonlight, which was perfect for what I had in mind. I didn't have to say a word - once Anastasia understood that I was setting the pace, she was obedient and abandoned herself to the situation.

I began by turning her around so that her back was to me. I slowly kissed her neck and shoulders. She tilted her head back. It took everything I had not to tear her dress into pieces and fuck her right there. I gently but firmly pulled her hair a bit to let her know who was in charge.

I pushed my bulging crotch onto her bubbly ass and she responded by pushing back towards me. My dick was increasingly hard and I could tell that she could feel it between her cheeks.

I placed my hands on her hips and began caressing her inner thighs, her stomach, and eventually I took a breast in each hand. I immediately felt her nipples harden through the fabric of her dress.

She attempted to turn around and face me but I stopped her. I kept kissing her neck and I began unzipping her dress from behind.

Once the zipper was completely undone, I slowly slid the dress off her shoulders. I took a step back and watched as it fell on the floor, revealing her naked body.

I spun her around. She was breathtaking. I took a few seconds to admire her incredible body. Her small breasts were firm and her nipples fully erect. Her white skin reflected the moonlight. Her stomach had a hint of abs and I could see a hint of her pussy lips between her legs.

For the first time since I'd met her, she appeared to feel shy and vulnerable. She bit her lip as she stood naked in front of me.

"You are so incredibly beautiful" I said to comfort her.

She helped me take my jacket off. I was enjoying the initiative but I wasn't going to let her take control. I playfully pushed her onto the bed and unbuttoned my shirt as I walked towards her.

I slowly leaned on top of her and I kissed her. Her hands quickly made their way to my belt buckle and in a swift motion, I felt my belt flying off. She pushed my pants down just enough to be able to slip her hand inside and take my hard dick in her hand. 

"Ohhhhhhh... look what we have here" she said softly between two kisses.

I was enjoying what she was doing and moved onto my side to give her better access. In doing so, I ran my fingers very softly from her neck to her thigh. She spread her legs wide, giving me a good view of her beautifully engorged pink lips.

I didn't want her to stop stroking my cock but I couldn't resist getting a closer look at her beautiful pussy. I positioned myself with my head near the foot of the bed, right between her legs. Her lips were fully engorged.

I gently kissed her slit. She closed her eyes. I kissed it again. She placed her hand on my head. I carefully ran the tip of my tongue across the entire length of her pussy, stopping at the top to tease her clit.

I felt her hand pushing my head closer into her. She had stopped jerking my cock to savour the moment, but suddenly I felt her mouth wrap itself around my throbbing shaft.

I reciprocated by pushing two fingers into her beautiful cave. She was already wet but when I inserted my fingers into her, I felt a deluge of juices flowing into my mouth. 

She let go of my cock. "Oooohhhhhh god John... you're so good... I want you so bad..." 

I took this as an invitation to keep doing what I was doing and began fingering her harder while flicking my tongue against her clitoris.

"John, John..." she said. "If you keep doing this, I'm gonna..."

She took a quick breath.

"I'm going to cum!" she said.

I curled my fingers up to reach her g-spot.

"GOD JOHN OHHHHHHHHH... I'M CUMMINNNNNGGGG!"

I felt her pussy walls contracting around my fingers.

She crashed down on the bed. "Oh wow..." she said softly.

I slowed down to let her catch her breath, but only for a second, because I couldn't wait any longer before fucking this incredible young woman.

She hinted that she was going to continue taking my dick in her mouth, but I had other plans. I got up next to the bed, and had her stand up next to me. I kissed her passionately. My cock between our two naked bodies was hard as a rock.

We looked at each other for a minute and she turned around, once again teasingly placing my cock between her buttocks. I gently pushed her torso over the bed, and with my other hand, rubbed by bulging cock against her soaked pussy.

I kept rubbing the tip of my cock against her pussy lips, but I wanted to wait before penetrating her. Her pussy juices were now covering my cock and I could see them shimmer in the moonlight.

"John, do you have a..." she said. 

"a... ummm... oh god, this feels so good..." 

My cock was now completely drenched in her moistness.

"Fuck it" she continued. "Fuck me, John. Fuck me please."

How could I resist?

I pushed the tip of my cock inside her.

"Oh god yes. YES! That feels sooooooo good!"

I kept pushing further and further inside her. I was about half way in when she pushed back to help speed up the process. Still, she couldn't take the whole thing.

I wondered if she had been with older men before. She seemed experienced but there was still that beautiful naïveté inside her. Her pussy was so tight. I had never been in one so tight before.

She was looking back at me and spreading her ass checks, as if to facilitate my entry inside her. With about an inch to go, she began rocking back and forth.

"Oh wow... this feels so good! Fuck me John, fuck me like you know you want to. I know you've been thinking about fucking me all day. Did you think I wouldn't notice you staring at my breasts over lunch?"

I placed my hands on her hips and forcefully shoved all my meat inside her in one swift move.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH wait, wait, please wait" she said. "I just need a second. It hurts but if feels so good..." and a second later, she started rocking her hips gently back and forth.

Our tempo increased. She was clearly enjoying herself.

She climbed onto the bed with me still inside her. I was fucking her doggy style and kept increasing the rhythm.

"Oh my god yes! I love it. Keep doing it. Faster. FASTER I said!"

That girl wanted it rough! I grabbed her hair in a pony tail and pulled it not so gently. She responded by moaning loudly.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes, John, I'm going to cum again!" she screamed for all the neighbours to hear. 

Just then, I placed my thumb at the entrance of her butthole. I rubbed it gently for a few seconds before pushing it inside. She seemed surprised.

"Just what do you..." she stopped. "That feels so good! Keep doing what you're doing!"

It was an incredible sight. I had to hold back with all my strength not to shoot my cum inside her with every thrust.

"Oh god yes, yes, I love iiiiiiiiiiitttttttt!" she said just as I felt her pussy contracting around my cock again. 

That was too much to handle. I knew I was going to explode any second.

"Baby can I cum inside you?" was all I could muster.

"Oh yes, I would love that! Please give me your cum. Cum in my tight pussy baby."

And with a few more thrusts, I exploded inside her. "Oh wow... that was glorious" was all I could say as I collapsed on top of her.

We remained in this position for a few seconds to catch our breath. I loved the feeling of my satisfied dick inside her drenched womb.

We kissed. And after one more minute, we separated. As she walked to the washroom, I could see my sperm running down her leg and it was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. I secretly hoped that she wouldn't wash it off.

I had a moment to gather myself. This incredible encounter was so unexpected. What would we do now? Would she head home? I wondered if I'd ever get to fuck her again. 

She walked out of the washroom with a glass of water for me. My cum was still dripping from her pussy.

I sat up in the bed and drank the glass of water. "So... what now?" I asked.

She sat on top of me, with a leg on each side of my body. Her soaked pussy was positioned right over my cock.

"Now," she says, "I want you to fuck me in the ass while you finger me with those magic fingers of yours."

And just like that, my cock was hard again.