 I don't usually travel alone. I hate it. The loneliness, the not having anyone to talk to. It's just not my thing. The fact that I was having to drive alone to Atlanta was enough to really tick me off. My only saving grace? The brand new Saab convertible I was making the trip in. A new raise at work had warranted a new luxury for myself. I figured if I had to work to earn money, I might as well enjoy it. So, here I was, driving with the top down on a beautiful spring day, my sunglasses tipped down over my eyes. Instead of traveling down the main roads, I'd decided to take the lesser known side roads and make an adventure out of it. I had no idea just what kind of adventure I was in store for.

As I rounded a curve, I didn't realize I was doing eighty until I heard the siren behind me. Looking in my rearview mirror, I cursed myself when I saw the swirling red and blue lights on the motorcycle cop behind me. Pulling off to the shoulder, I turned the engine off and waited. As he approached the car, his sunglasses reflecting the sunlight, he asked me to get out of the car slowly. Having been stopped many times before (what can I say, I'm a lead foot), I knew the drill. I slowly stepped out of my car, closing the door and leaning back against it. A breeze blew through, flicking my already short skirt up revealing my upper thighs. I pushed it down and smiled sheepishly.

I've always had a weakness for a guy on a motorcycle, especially when they guy is built like a rock and wearing a uniform. Must be that female hormone thing or something. Officer James, as his name tag read, stepped up in front of me. He asked if I knew how fast I was going. I shook my head and said obviously too fast. He smiled. Obviously. He asked for my driver's license and registration. Turning, I leaned over the side of the car and reached for my purse. I wasn't really thinking, just doing, so I didn't think about the view I was giving him. As I leaned over, my skirt hiked up over my ass. Officer James was the recipient of an up close and personal view of my thong panties stretched between my cheeks. As I reached for my registration in the glove compartment, I ended up on my tip-toes, my skirt pulling even higher up. As I straightened and turned around, I noticed Officer James was staring at my ass and his pants were a little more snug around his groin than they had been before.

I handed him my paperwork and he went back to work, shifting slightly on his feet. As he wrote, I looked him up and down. Rock solid was the only thing that came to mind. Just as my eyes were going over his thighs, Officer James asked for proof of insurance. Again, I turned and leaned over the side of the car, reaching into my glove compartment. As I started to straighten, my footing slipped. Before I could react, Officer James had grabbed me, wrapping an arm around my waist and pulling me back against him. My skirt had ridden up again so as he pulled me to him, my nearly bare ass came into direct contact with his groin, which was now hard as the rest of him. 

Looking up over my shoulder, I smiled and said thanks. His arm stayed around my waist. He pulled me back harder against him and asked if I was ok. I nodded and said I thought so. As we stood there for a second or two, we just stared at one another. It didn't register at first that his arm was moving lower down my waist, his hand resting on my upper thigh. When my brain finally told the rest of me where his hand was, his hand had already moved to the bottom of my skirt. Without saying a word, his hand slid under my skirt and up my thigh. His only words were to ask me if I wanted him to stop. I shook my head and said I wanted him to touch me.

As his fingers grazed up my thigh and over my panties, I closed my eyes and sighed. I felt his groin throbbing against me, pushing against me. His fingers moved gently over my panties and then dipped down between my legs, pushing my panties against me. A soft moan escaped my lips as his fingers moved in small, slow circles. He shifted slightly behind me and now I could feel his cock pushing against me and his holster. Using his forehead, he nudged my head to the side. As his lips touched my neck, right under my ear, his fingers slipped inside my panties and touched me. I moaned and pushed back against him.

The tip of his finger invaded my pussy gently, slowly. The tip just barely pushed inside me and then withdrew. He stroked me, teasing me. Each dip made his finger more wet. I couldn't believe we were standing there, on the side of the road. I was pressed back against him, my skirt pushed up, his fingers inside my panties. His lips kissed my neck as his fingers pushed inside me again and again, gently, deeper each time. First one finger, then two. I was moaning, my pussy throbbing. I reached down, cupping his hand with mine, pushing him deeper into me. His lips drew my earlobe into his mouth, sucking as his finger tips teased my clit. Each flick brought my approaching orgasm closer and closer. His fingers were alternating between thrusting and flicking, thrusting and flicking. I moaned, arching against him, my pussy tightening around his fingers, my moisture pouring out onto his hand.

Slowing he turned me around to face him. I watched as he lifted his wet hand to his mouth. His lips closed over each finger and sucked, licking my juices from his skin. I felt a shiver run over me, the aftermath of my orgasm. He turned to walk back to his motorcycle. I watched him as he called in. When he was done, he said he had forty minutes before he had to call in again. 

I walked towards him, feeling my wet panties slip and slide between my legs. Reaching out for his zipper, I said we'd better make the most of it then. I unzipped his pants. Reaching inside, I wrapped my fingers around his hard length. Rock solid and throbbing. Leaning over, I slipped my mouth down around him. He moaned and pushed his hands into my hair. He tasted warm and sweaty. I sucked slowly, rubbing him with my tongue as I worked up and down his shaft. He was thick and filled me completely. Wrapping my hands around his cock, I drizzled a line of spit down on his shaft. Sliding my hands up and down his shaft, I sucked his knob, twisting my lips around and pulling him in and out of my mouth. He moaned, pushing his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth.

Lifting his cock, I licked the underside, running my tongue down and around his balls and then back up again. I drizzled more spit over him, slathering him, rubbing him. I sucked. I licked. I squeezed. His balls were solid and heavy as I wrapped my lips around them and sucked, then released, then sucked again. He was close and we both knew it. He stopped me and smiled.

Sitting astride his bike, his cock standing at attention, he watched as I lowered my panties and stepped out of them. Leaving them in the dirt by the side of the road, I leaned over into my car again and gave him a good look at my naked pussy. Grabbing a condom from my purse, I turned and walked back towards him. I opened the condom and slowly rolled it over his cock. Officer James watched me, smiling, and then he lifted me up in front of him. I smiled at his inspiration. Wrapping my legs around him and leaning back against the handlebars of the bike, I pushed myself onto his pulsing cock. His leg strength was amazing as he balanced the bike and managed to fuck me. I'd never been fucked on a motorcycle before and it was incredible. Grabbing my hips, he pushed me down harder and harder onto his cock. We were grunting, groaning, fucking like animals. His cock surged, getting bigger and bigger each time he impaled me. Using my arms, I pushed myself onto him deeper and deeper.

The bike shook as he plowed into me. Reaching down with one hand, I stroked my clit as his cock moved in and out of me. My pussy was pumping juice like you wouldn't believe. I begged for him to fuck me harder as I rolled into an intense orgasm. He slammed harder into me. He said he wanted to get deeper. We quickly untangled ourselves and I walked over to the hood of my car. Leaning over, spreading my legs wide, I told him to fuck me as hard as he wanted. Standing behind me, he slipped his hands underneath me, his fingers opening my hole wide. I moaned as his cock filled me again, stretching my pussy wider. This was what we both needed. He grabbed my hips and fucked me harder than I'd ever been fucked before. My car shook. My moans were loud. He grunted and thrust over and over again. I couldn't take it anymore and convulsed in another orgasm. Officer James moaned, cried out a holy shit, and then pulled out. I turned, lowering to my knees. Pulling my shirt up and bra down, I begged him to cum on my tits. Officer James ripped off the condom, wrapped his hand around his cock and jerked stream after stream of warm cum all over my breasts. I moaned and rubbed my breasts together, rubbing his cream into my skin.

As his last jerk squirted cum, I took his cock in my mouth again and sucked him clean. He tasted wonderful. I stood and slipped my bra off under my shirt. He reached down and grabbed my panties, using them to wipe his cock clean. I handed him my bra and he pocketed my panties. I rode off feeling wicked and content. I never did get that ticket. It's probably pretty amazing that no one ever drove by us. But then, we probably wouldn't have noticed anyway.