 Rain had been threatening all day. Overhead huge dark clouds,played tag. Thunder rumbled so loud it hurt your ears. Lightning crackled across the sky. Annemarie was so hot. Sweat, like condensation on an icy drink,coated her body.

 She licked the sweat from her breasts. She was suprised she tasted so salty. Her fingers
traced a path down her body. They delved into the core of her passion. Returning to her mouth she sucked her fingers clean one by one. Annemarie loved how she tasted. It was so damn hot tonight. She would wait to go inside. She was safe on the deck, for now. 

"God I wish someone was around to fuck me. She snarled, I am so horny it hurts." 

She heard a deep quiet laugh. "Be careful what you wish for Annemarie." Out of the dark, walked her partner Devlin Rourke. He was the biggest nastiest man in the company. Together they were an unbeatable team.

She laughed. "Hey Devlin,answer me a question?" 

"Sure babe," he drawled. He lit the first of many cigarettes, his only bad habit. 

"Why aren't we an item? Why am I the only woman in the world you won't bed?" Devlin flopped down next to Annemarie.Grabbed her beer. 

"While babe it's like this. I figure one taste, and your hooked on me. I wouldn't want to break your heart. That's the problem, because you are definitely not my type." 

She blinked at the suprising hurt she felt at his remark. "Why are you here anyway?" 

"Trouble with our latest software. I told Charlie, I would come over, and fill you in." She stood and headed for the house. "Damn not even one night off in peace." 

He grabbed her hand as she walked by. Sucked it into his mouth, "Saw you as I came up. Partner has to get his share. You taste good, and he smacked his lips." 

Flustered does not begin to describe how she was left feeling. 

Hours later, deep into damage control on their latest software the storm hit. Annemarie jumped up shivering. A small meow of fright escaping her lips. Devlin was there in a minute. He pulled her to him, and held her close. Gentled her, by stroking her hair over and over again. Finally she stopped shivering. She just lay against him. Listening to beating of his heart calmed her.

 The storm continued to rage outside the door. It
rattling the windows. Loud cracks of thunder, and lighting bolts that illuminated the house at about twenty second intervals, tore through the night. Annemarie tried to push away from him. 

Everytime the thunder would sound again. "I'm so sorry" she whispered ."I'm such a coward about thunder storms. Every time I say not this time. This time I will be brave. I always end up like a rabbit. A damn scared rabbit huddled in his hole." 

Devlin led her to the sofa.Pulled her down with him. Now she lay against him. His body warming her head to foot. 

"Hey what are partners for babe?" He gently kissed her succulent mouth. She returned his kiss and opened her mouth to his questing tongue. They kissed for what seemed like hours.He broke the kiss and tipped her head up to look in her eyes. She smiled at him, and he nodded. His hands reached to caress her breasts. She moaned as his fingers found her nipples. Pushing under her shirt, her skin was hot to his touch. He followed his fingers with his mouth. Alternating breasts he licked, sucked and bit each one.

 Listening to her obvious pleasure, enjoying how they flushed and hardened for him. He had never meant to get involved with Annemarie. He was afraid that one taste and he wouldn't give it up again. Still the night seemed to call for it. It
seemed right. He shrugged, one night was better than never. Devlin's head followed a path down her body. 

"Devlin, oh God Devlin, that feels so damn good. Please love me tonight, and let the devil worry abouttomorrow." 

The room was shattered by the crack of thunder,the sizzle of lightning. The condenser for her electric pole was hit, and the lights went out. 

He had all he could do to hold on to her. "Easy babe, it's all right.I'm here. No storm will hurt you tonight." He dipped his mouth to her center of passion, and his tongue licked out. "That's it babe, go with it." He licked and suckled the sweet juices that were starting to flow for him. 

He felt her surrender to his touch.He wanted her to forget the outside world. To hear, see, and feel only what they had together tonight. He caressed her, stroking all over her body. Making love to all of her. 

He reached and spread her legs open, to better taste and tease her. He licked long strokes, that covered her sweet pussy, and back to her delectable ass. She sighed and arched into his mouth, to help him reach her. He smiled, as he licked harder. He knew she would be passionate, noisy, a wench in bed, not the lady she
pretended to be at work. He inserted first one finger then another into her, moving slowly but deeply in and out as he sucked her, and teased her throbbing clit. He felt her muscles start to clench and tremble, "Soon babe,soon" he crooned at her. Let it come, ride the wave for me." 

He turned his hand, curved it, and pushing on
her pubic bone went after her g-spot. She came unglued, bucking and wiggling and screaming out his name, and her juices flowed like water. She was wet, he was wet, the sofa was soaked. He kept stroking, but gentle now as she came down. Then he took her back up again.

 "Oh God Devlin again, oh yes again." She came again.This time almost crushing his fingers as her muscles clamped down on him. He was so rock hard he ached clear to his teeth. 

One handed, he managed to get naked. Now he pushed sliding slowly inside her open pussy. She sighed as she felt him fill her up. He turned over, and put her on top. 

"Ride me babe, use me." Annemarie smiled, and did. 
Sliding up and down as she played with his nipples and reached and kissed his mouth. He caressed her clit, as he played with her breasts, pulling and tugging on her nipples. Soon to soon, Annemarie knew she was heading for a climax again. 

"Devlin I'm coming." He felt her juices running down his cock, her muscles grab and milk
at him. He placed his hands on her hips ,and now rode her for his pleasure. When he came, he set her off again. It was what Annemarie would have called a win win situation at work. Worn out, with Devlin buried deep inside her, she collapsed onto his body. He curled his arms around her and turned them to their sides. 

"Rest now babe." He grabbed an afghan ,from across the back of the sofa and threw it over them.The wind continued to howl, and the rain to fall. Annemarie slept safe in the arms of her partner. 

Devlin's last thought as he went to sleep was, "What will she say when she wakes up."