 He watched her walk back to the bed, the many candles she had been lighting allowing him to see the curves of her body, every inch of her soft and golden in the flickering light. She lay down with him and their arms went around each other as they kissed long and deep, warm naked bodies pressed close. It was such a relief to be at this moment, and both of them felt it - all day long, they had been burning for each other, but children and work and life's many obligations had kept them from each other. But now that had all fallen away, and it was just the two of them and the feelings they needed to express. 

His hand slid down her body, over the curve of her ass, moving closer to that part of her he knew was hot and wet - he could smell the musky scent of her wet pussy and had been dreaming throughout the day of how she was going to feel against his fingers and mouth and cock, how she would sound as she came in response to his touch. He was startled when she moved away from his hand and pulled her mouth from his, pushing him back into the bed, her face quiet and thoughtful as she leaned over him. "What is it, love?" he asked.

"There's something I'd like to do," her voice replied softly, as she kissed him gently across his face. "Would you just... let me do what I want?" His body jumped at the suggestion and he kissed her hard, hands in her hair, and smiled. "Surely. You know I'd love anything you did."

One lush breast tempted him as she leaned over to the night stand and he took the nipple in his mouth, sucking gently, then tried to recapture it as her movements pulled it from his lips. He looked up quickly as he realized what she was doing, and watched her finish knotting one wrist to the slats of the headboard, the silk scarf soft, yet strong. He smiled at the look she sent his way, eyes following her as she tied the other wrist, and then moved down to the end of the bed and tied his ankles as well. She sat back on her heels when she had finished and smiled wickedly at the sight of him, bound and open to her touch. Her voice was husky with laughter and desire as she said, "God, I've thought about this a lot. I've wanted you helpless for a long time." Then her lips were on his, kissing hungrily.

She took her time, slowly exploring the length of his body with her mouth and hands. He went through a mental struggle at first, wanting to reciprocate - make her quiver and gasp as she was making him - but finally gave himself up to the sensations, enjoying her attentions. He felt her soft breasts against his skin, her hard nipples dragging across his body, the feather touch of her damp pubic hair as she moved over him. His cock was hard, aching for the touch of her mouth and hands, but she stayed carefully away. He felt her mouth everywhere else... questing against the soft flesh of his thigh, teeth nipping suddenly and softly here and there, slurping and ticklish as she teasingly sucked on toes. 

She sat up suddenly, her legs spread wide as she straddled his body. He could feel the heat of her pussy against his crotch, she was so close... but still she stayed away. Her cheeks were flushed, and her eyes dark in the candlelight. His cock jumped as he watched her hands move down across her own body, her eyes on his as she cupped the fullness of her breasts, massaging them, playing lightly with the nipples. "I've gotten very turned on, tasting you like this," she said breathlessly, as her hands moved down across her belly and slipped between her legs. 

His breath came out in a soft explosion as he saw her plunge her fingers inside herself, "Damn... Linda...let me... god, I want to taste you," but then stopped, and just watched as she played with her pussy, fingers glistening as they slipped across her clit, pinching and circling and rubbing, and then sliding deep inside again. His breathing came fast, matching her own, as she continued her play. He knew, from the look on her face, that she was getting close to orgasm ... he had seen that look many times, when it was his fingers tantalizing her, or his tongue or cock plunging inside her. He groaned as he saw her eyes glaze and then close, head going back. Expecting to see the climax shake through her body, he was astonished to see her pull her hands away from her body and pause, catching her breath. She tasted her fingers, and then wiped them across his mouth. His tongue caught the merest taste of her juices before she moved down his body, saying, "I don't want to get distracted here. Now... where was I?" She stroked his cock, making him slick with the juices on her hand. And then her lips and tongue were on him and he wondered for a moment if he might explode then and there. 

Her movements were slow and loving again. He watched as she traveled up and down the length of his erection, licking and sucking in ways she knew he loved, hands holding and stroking him as she worked him with her mouth. Her eyes were on his as she took his cock all the way, deep into her throat, engulfing him entirely in her silky hot wet mouth. She could feel the effects of the long slow tease as she sucked and pulled on his rock hard cock. She knew she could make him cum hard and fast if she wanted, and brought him right to the brink of orgasm, and then backed off again. The eroticism of the situation had made her own sex sopping wet and she ran one hand over her pussy, coating her fingers with the slick juices, and then slid her fingers across his ass, slowing the movements of her mouth as she probed his opening with a slippery finger and then penetrated him gently, slowly as she drew his cock into her throat again. 

She watched his hands clenching and straining against silk ties as she pleasured his cock and ass. His eyes were closed, his groans mixing with the wet sounds of her mouth on his cock and her own erotic moaning. Need shook through her and she removed her hand and mouth gently, and slid her body up his. His shaft slipped through the lips of her pussy and she rubbed against it, feeling the length spread wetness everywhere as it slipped back and forth. She kissed him and whispered, "Do you still want to taste me?" 

"I want to fuck you." he growled, his hips jerking up, trying to plunge into her pussy as the tip of his cock slid across her opening again. 

"Hmmm," she murmured. "Now if you were in charge, that might happen. But I have other things in mind." Their bodies were twisting against each other, juicy wetness making them slide smoothly. She continued to kiss him, over and over. "I need the taste of you, love. I want you to cum in my mouth. But I like the thought of your mouth on my wet pussy as well. If you'd like..."

She undid the knots at his wrists, and then straddled his face, working on the ones around his ankles. His fingers moved over the skin of her legs and ass, and then pulled wide the lips of her pussy, releasing a flood of warm juice. Her sex was deep pink with excitement, her clitoris swollen, bringing to mind some beautiful fruit. He held her open and tasted her as she swallowed his cock again. They loved each other with their mouths like people who had been lost in a desert and finally found water. She felt as though her body was turning into an arc of electricity, tingling, gathering to the place where his tongue touched her. His cock was so hard in her mouth, in her hand. The feeling continued to rise in her and she gasped against him, "Love... I want you to cum with me... now... oh god, now..."

He felt her pussy opening wide, her clit getting hard and stroked his tongue against her until her body went rigid and she cried out. Timeless moments passed and he continued to lick her lovingly, and then felt her body shift, as the orgasm started to slow and her body became almost too sensitive to be touched. She started to pull her hips from his mouth, but he held onto her and mumbled against her pussy, "Oh no... you're not going anywhere yet." He slid his stiff tongue into her pussy as she gasped, "No wait.. lover... oh god!!" His mouth and fingers were everywhere on her, and her gasp turned into a cry as another climax started to shake through her body. He lost count of how many times she came as he continued his loving of her. His face was wet with cum... his senses flooded with her taste and smell and sounds. 

Finally, he released his hold on her. She was on her back at that point, and he laid down across her body, gathering her into his arms. Her eyes were glazed, her face flushed and he kissed her deeply. She moaned deep in her throat as he slid his cock inside her. She kissed him repeatedly, murmuring how much she loved him, and then sighed. Some trace of sense returned to her eyes and she said, the teasing note just barely apparent in her spent voice, "I didn't get to taste you." 

He slowly pulled out and then drove into her again, his deep voice in her ear, "I'm going to cum so deep inside you, you will taste me." He continued his slow stroking inside her, her body starting to rise and fall in response to his. "And this time when you cum, I want to see your face, and feel your beautiful cunt trembling around my cock as I empty myself into you." 

His words ran through her like a shock, and her body arched up into his, beyond her control. "Love... I don't think... I can't cum again." He pressed deep inside her, settled his cock at the mouth of her womb, watching her eyes open wide, caught by the feeling of that intimate contact. He gathered her knees up, pushed them back into her chest, and said, "Oh, I think you can."

He fucked her with an intensity beyond comprehension. By that point, they were like animals... thought stopped and all that was left of them was their primal need of each other. The time to hold back had long since passed for them. When they came, it was together... bodies out of control, voices wild. They lay together afterwards, bodies trembling, hearts still pounding, and he gently wiped the tears that rolled down her cheeks. Her voice shook as she laughed quietly, "You fucked me to tears." They said, "I love you" at the same time... their voices sounding like one voice.