 Fellatio... Ah.... easily a subject I can talk about and study for hours. You see, I have quite a fetish about my "performance"... If I cannot send my lover into a spastic fit after receiving a "blow job" from me, then there is a problem. I have researched for hours, watched many different techniques, practiced what I've seen/read... I have yet to meet my match in the bedroom. I OWN whom ever decides to walk in.

I start by sizing up my "competition". Look him up and down, then of course, I start to strip him. I have yet to get my leather outfit, but I always wear a little something to let him know I am in complete control. Button by button his shirt is removed. If he is wearing a t-shirt, the scissors appear.

Then the belt, yes, a man must always wear a belt. And in my humble opinion, it must always be leather. A belt is a symbol to me, a symbol of confidence... a confidence that must be taken down a few pegs. Unlatching the belt, I easily rip it out of the belt loops and then start with the button of the pants.

I use my mouth to unlatch the button and ease down the zipper, I find it more erotic than using my hands, and as I look up at my lover I see he feels the same. I see the raw LUST raging in his eyes, and his mind questioning "What is this woman going to do next?" I smile a mischievous smile as I allow his pants to slide to the floor.

Boxers.... hmmm... I must say a man looks fantastic in a pair of boxers... Especially when a happy someone is greeting me. If I had to choose a second, it would definitely be boxer briefs. This man has boxers on, and I can see just how my every movement is affecting him. Pressing him against the nearest wall, I see just his head poking out. I give it a quick lick and move four inches upward to the hem of his boxers.

I stick my fingers just inside the brim and run the length of his waistband. My fingertips just grazing his lower abdomen. He sighs and his head thumps the wall. I inch closer to him so my tongue can make the same path my fingertips just did. He gasps in surprise. 

I pull his boxers down with my teeth... I am a very oral person... And when the boxers reach mid thigh, I use my hands to remove them. Starting at his ankles, I allow my fingertips to lightly graze his skin. He shivers in response. I continue my path running up his thighs and start to move inward to his manhood. He sucks in his breath in anticipation only to let it out a few seconds later when he realizes that I passed my "target zone" to explore his lower abdomen and stomach.

I trace each toned muscle while I run my luscious lips in a tormentive circle on his mid thigh. "Ahhhh," escapes his lips. I know what he wants, I am very good at reading body language, but I am not yet ready to give in. I start to 

slide up his body, he holds his breath, I continue past his throbbing member to run my tongue around his six pack abs. I run my tongue around each before sliding down the center of his body, past his belly button, straight down.

I reach around him and give his buttocks a squeeze, 'nice and firm' I think. Then I finally give his core the much needed attention it has been craving. I gaze at his cock, taking in everything he has given me to work with, and I am 

not disappointed. He has got to be at least eight inches long with a girth of at least three inches... long AND thick... I like that challenge.

I start off licking him like a lollipop, long quick licks. From base to tip, tip to base, swirling each ball with my tongue... I love to tease. And this man in particular I love to tease. He is the cat's meow... he makes me purr.

I love the feel of his cock in my mouth... my tongue sliding up and down his shaft, the way his balls fit perfectly in my hand as I massage them, ah, this man is pure bliss. I run my empty hand up his stomach and down his legs as I am on my knees before him. I only want to please him.

Using my tongue ring, I rub it up and down, around and around his engorged member. His sighs of pleasure urging me on. Slow tormentive circles all the way down and back up, I am ever a tease. I start to quicken my pace, still circling my tongue, still massaging his balls, still running my hand over his luscious body, I do indeed love to please this man.

"Stop," he says much to my surprise. I look up at him with a quizzically and he pulls me up his body. As I am being pulled, I take the opportunity to lick and kiss his flesh... that is until I reach his chest where I flick my tongue 

over top and around his hardened nipples. He reaches for my chin and tilts my head upward to capture my lips in a hot, hard, possessive kiss.

I melt the moment his lips touch mine. He lifts me up and carries me to the bedroom gently laying me on the Egyptian cotton sheets on my bed. He continues the deeply passionate kiss for a few more moments before he starts working his way down my body.

He nibbles my jawline and suckles my ears, his breath hot in my ear highly turning me on. Against my will, I moan. "You like that I see." I cannot reply because he is kissing and licking his way down my body. Goosebumps of pleasure erupt on my skin.

As he reaches my breasts, he gently rolls each taut peak between his fingers then pops them into his mouth to flick and swirl his tongue around them. I shiver in response. He then continues his way downward, kissing and licking my stomach.

He reaches my lower abdomen and pauses. He looks me directly in the eye, I swear that gaze sears me down to my soul and says, "I want to please you as you do me." Raising my eyebrow, I cannot speak a retort before he takes my mound into his mouth. A moan of complete shock and utter pleasure escapes my lips. Never before has a man gone down on me unbidden.

He rolls his tongue over each fold of my cunt, as if sampling every inch his prize. He dives his tongue into my love tunnel as he uses his thumb to rub my clit bringing me closer and closer to climax. He removes his thumb and flicks his tongue over my clit. He then circles around my clit, again licking all my folds savoring each one. He gently nibbles and tugs each sensitive piece of flesh and licks every single inch of me before he sucks my clit into his mouth and drives a finger deep inside me. 

He rubs his finger over every space he can reach with his finger while keeping rhythm with his flicking tongue. He continues this a few more minutes before adding another finger. Flicking his tongue and finger fucking me at a ferocious pace, I am about climax but just before I do he removes his mouth and fingers. He crawls up my body to let me taste myself on him as he kisses me passionately then drives himself into my body. I gasp in surprise.

He holds himself inside me for just a moment, savoring the tightness of me before he starts thrusting. He starts out slow, teasing and as his own excitement builds, his pace quickens. In and out, back and forth, my hips meeting his every thrust. He fucks me hard for several strokes then flips me onto my knees.

From there, he grabs my hips and drives himself into me as hard and fast as he can. I am feeling like I could climb the walls at this point. Faster and harder he pounds me. I feel like I can burst at the seams at any moment and as soon as that thought crosses my mind, I do. I scream his name as I come, and seconds after my orgasm, he joins me with his own. As we lay there shuddering 

together, I wonder how soon we'll be doing this again.

Earth shattering sex must always be repeated.