 Continued from part one, When Dave met Sally

* * * * *

The next three weeks were hard, the swelling was huge, I could hardly open my eyes, my mouth wanted to crack, and every time I tried to smile I could feel my whole face start to pull against the scabbed flesh. I had to try and keep my newly coloured skin moistened, My lips cracked at the hint of a smile, my eyes were the worst, the scabs had formed whilst I was asleep, and it was hard to open my eyes. 

Over the following days the scabs slowly started to break up and start to fall off, the movement slowly returned as they left, but as they did the skin underneath looked dull and stretched. I don't know why but I felt unbelievable sad, Sally kept assuring me that this was all part of the natural process and very soon the skin would regain its natural elasticity and the colours would settle down and when they do she said she could easily touch it up "TOUCH IT UP".

Six weeks had passed since she had changed me forever, the new me took some getting used to, I eventually decided not to worry over things that I had no control over and simply resigned to the fact that I was Sally's to do with as she liked, I trusted her.

I lay back into the now extremely familiar tattooing chair and she said that this time she didn't need to use the handcuffs or blindfold, because she felt happy and contented with the way things were going. She gave me a hand mirror and as I held it up to look at my beautiful face she simply said "what would you like changed or touched up", I didn't have time to study but this didn't matter because I had spent weeks looking in the mirror picking what I liked and disliked. I looked at her and with the mirror on my lap I said lets start at the lips and work up;

· I would like the lips darker, much darker, as dark as possible, I don't care for the lip liner.

· The beauty spots would be nicer if just a little darker and slightly larger.

· The eyeliner is almost perfect but would like the end tails exaggerating a little more.

· The left eyebrow needs touching up because the colour had been lost slightly.

· I know its not to do with my makeup but I would like my nose pierced.

She looked at me and said okay then you shall get what you asked for, I just lay back into the chair and she started taking photos again, and then she picked up the gun. What no anaesthetic I said, she looked at me and said shut up and enjoy the experience. I closed my eyes, laid my head back and waited. I heard the familiar hum of the gun a few times as she set up and then I felt her hand gently rest on my left cheek so as to steady herself and then I felt the needle stab itself into my lips and almost immediately I started to picture in my mind what colour she could be doing, would she go darker, or would she go with the same colour, would she keep the same lines or go larger. The more I imagined what was or could be happening the more I got excited. I felt myself get rock hard and the more she tattooed the more I felt myself attempt to squeeze myself together down below in a vain attempt to cum. 

She gently but steadily worked all over my lips, the burning, stinging agony was sweet bliss and I had no idea what she had planned. All I had to do was open my eyes, but I couldn't. She then did something that she didn't usually do during any of the previous tattooing sessions and that was to speak to me, she said 

"you're hard again aren't you, get your prick out and play with yourself, but you had better not cum, do you understand", I very quietly whispered yes and then slowly pulled my zip down and pulled out my prick and started to gently rub it up and down extremely slowly, and I mean slowly. I was gently rubbing myself when she started on my left upper lip beauty spot, she seemed to only go over the area a couple of times and then switched to the high on my right cheek. This was different she seemed to be going much larger and it didn't seem to follow a round pattern, I still had my eyes closed but could feel the pattern clearly but could still not produce a mental picture.

"You're a very naughty boy, I told you not to cum" she said and telling me that I would regret emptying myself, but I hadn't cum, I would have known if I had cum, I felt the head and it was slippery with something, not cum maybe pre-cum, I don't know.

She went to work on my eyeliner next carefully filling in tiny spots of lightness and then the ends. The ends seemed to be quite long and she carefully went over each one delicately with this burning sensation of a thousand needles.

She seemed to hesitate before she started my eyebrows and then started to fill in my left eyebrow where the colour had failed and then she started to carry on at the ends, she was extending them and instead of just straight lines she ended them by going up and down at the ends. I didn't know what she was doing, was there any ink in the gun, was she teasing me, if she was then she was extremely good at it.

I felt her lean back and then she said "DON'T MOVE", I just lay there with my eyes closed and still trying to picture what she had done, whatever it was it could not be any worse than what had happened to me already. 

Sally leaned over me, and for the first time I could smell her perfume, my face was tender all over and throbbing in places but I still focused on the self inflicted body odour called perfume. I sat there thinking, that it was the most luxurious homely wifely smell that I had ever smelled in my life.

Something small touched my left nostril and as I was waiting for something to touch it again, something touched my right nostril. What was she going to do, pierce both nostrils, then I felt the cold feel of steel clamp both my left and right nostrils together so they closed against the centre cartilage of my nose and then almost immediately I felt a massive pain and three loud popping sensations. For the first time since this started I opened my eyes, me watery eyes and looked down trying to focus and saw that I had a needle poking straight through the full width of my nose. It was quite a large needle and as she lifted something towards it, I again closed my eyes and felt her mess with my nose and then a pulling sensation, I actually heard the needle drop, I was almost high on endorphins and adrenalin. The next thing I felt was my nose spread slightly and Sally tighten what I assumed was a ball onto the end of the bar going through my nose.

I saw the flash of the camera through my eyelids and immediately opened my eyes again only to be temporarily blinded by another flash. I went to reach for the mirror but Sally said no, wait until you get home and started to tidy up the ink tubs and tattoo gun. I sat there trying to look down at the two shiny balls that were sticking out on the sides of my nose. Come on get up she said, as I tried to stand I felt how weak I was, my legs had almost gone to sleep and I was stiff in the shoulders. I was almost by the door when Sally stopped me and knelt in front of me, great, another blowjob I thought, but that thought was soon blown away as she gently touched my penis and pushed it back inside my jeans and zipped me up, I was going to go home with my prick out, what was happening to me, I had forgotten my prick was out.

When we got home Sally sat me on the bed and I looked into the dressing table mirror and stared and investigated the new me all at the same time. My lips were a deep dark burgundy, the liner had been blended in and I had perfectly lined lips, they looked so sexy that I wanted to kiss the mirror, then I looked at the beauty spot on my lip, it was jet black and ever so slightly enlarged. The one on my cheek took me by surprise, it was shaped like a heart and jet black and the bottom the heart had a tiny little curl on it. The eyeliner had been lengthened and looked like someone had tried to give me the eyes of Cleopatra, the extended tails were fabulous, then the eyebrows caught my gaze as I looked at the ends the left and right were mirror image with the top of the line ending in a little curl upwards and the bottom of the line extending slightly longer and curling down, all in a extremely thin but again jet black line. They set off my eye shadow perfectly, and drew attention to the eyes, they were different but again I felt great, almost complete as if something had been missing for years and now here it was, I felt warm inside and happy.

My nose had two large shinny gold balls, one on each side, perfectly in line with each other. I sat there looking closely at my nose at its new fittings, I tried to pull the muscles in my nose to see how the movement would feel but all I could feel was stiffness against the skin of my nostrils caused by the solid bar going through my cartilage.

I closed my eyes and lay back onto the bed and then felt Sally unzip me and unbutton the top on my jeans and then pull my jeans down and then my boxers, I heard them hit the floor and she said "roll over and lift your bum up", without hesitating I rolled over and lifted up my arse, I felt her get off the bed and walk out of the bedroom. After two minutes she returned and sat behind me on the bed, "keep still, and relax" she said. What was she going to do, give me a tattoo on my arse, or smack it, then I felt something cold touch the entrance to my arse, I squeezed and she pushed, so I squeezed harder, THWACK, she slapped my arse and said "keep still, and relax and it wont hurt", very slowly I started to relax, and very slowly she started to work something forward and backward onto my arse, getting a little deeper every two or three strokes. I was on the point of crying with the pain of my stretching hole when I felt something slide in and hold itself in place, I squeezed my sphincter muscles and could feel something there. Sally got some tissue and wiped all of the slimy stuff off my behind and then I felt her pull something around my waist, down either side of my penis and back up to the waist belt at the back gently pausing at the item stuck in my arse, I then heard a click and Sally said "there, relax and get used to it, its there for a long stay, Now fuck me". I slowly lowered my arse and rolled over, feeling every movement transmitted to the plug in my arse. Sally was laying naked at the side with her arms reached towards me, beckoning me. I lowered myself over her and without any foreplay entered her slowly. As I pushed forward I felt the plug press against a different part of my insides, and the faster I went the more the sensation. It only took me thirty seconds to empty myself and I lay on sally, half knackered and half hiding my face through embarrassment. Sally rolled me over and whilst laying at the side of her I felt her rub my lips, her fingers were slippery and then she slipped it into my mouth, I knew that taste, SPUNK, she had done it again and this time I looked at her and said "more", she reached down to her pussy and then rubbed a dollop of spunk over my lips and well into my mouth around my tongue, it was like I was French kissing her fingers. We just lay there, Sally dozed off and I lay there thinking about the newly touched up tattooed makeup and the spunk all over the needle damaged lips. The bar running straight through my nose and the plug up my arse, as I thought of it I sat up and looked at the belt, it was fastened to the plug and was padlocked to me, I knew it would only be coming out for toilet duties.

I just laid myself back down and started to lick my lips.

To be continued...