 Although safe sex is not mentioned in my story for creative purposes, rest assured that we always use protection. Names have been changed to protect the not so innocent. I would also like to take the time to thank those of you who have left me some very encouraging comments and helpful hints regarding previous stories. For those people who have a problem with the lifestyle that we lead, either quit reading stories that are posted on an erotic web site or keep your prudish, ignorant comments to yourselves. I hope the rest of you enjoy this story and feel free to leave me a comment if you like(Preferably regarding the story itself and not the choices that we have made in our lives!!!!).

------------------------

It finally happened...I had actually had sex with another woman without my wife being present. I am quite shy so I wasn't sure that it would ever happen even though Amy, my wife, and I had an open marriage and we had had numerous threesomes along the way. Of course it had always been easy for Amy to find a guy to fuck if she was in the mood but finding a woman for me isn't that simple. She tells me that women are always checking me out at the clubs but I never notice when they do. I consider myself to be a fairly attractive 30 year old guy, 5'10", 180 pounds with very short brown hair and a goatee so there is really no reason why I shouldn't be getting checked out. My shyness prevents me from being able to approach any women that I find attractive so I pretty much have to rely on them seeking me out or Amy hooking something up. 

I happen to work in a profession that is dominated by males which has actually helped me to shed some awkwardness around the opposite sex. Since there are so few women around, 25-30 out of 300 employees, you kind of feel obligated to make sure they're comfortable and not left out of the conversations, most of which revolve around sports, drinking or sex. I am considered one of the less crude guys at work which may have something to do with how I found myself in the situation I am about to relay. 

One of the women at work that I find most attractive, Violet, is the type that gets along better with men than with women and is often right in the middle of the sexually charged discussions. She is also very flirtatious and will start to massage your shoulders or jump in your lap at the drop of a dime. She is recently married but there have been rumors that she has had sex with a few different co-workers is places such as the sauna and gym in the basement and even in her car in the parking lot after her shift ended. Violet is about 5'2", 125 lbs with shoulder length brown hair and will turn 40 later this year, though she doesn't look a day over thirty. She works out regularly which keeps her body toned and helps to firm up what can only be described as a great ass, perfectly round and plump. She has a set of small B cup breasts that are very perky with nipples that seem to always be hard. It was always a good day at work when we were on the same shift and I got to check her out. I knew that I had little to no shot of hooking up with her but if the opportunity ever arose I would jump at the chance. 

As luck would have it I would get my chance one evening when the two of us were both stuck working the midnight shift. The way our graveyard shifts go at work is that one person in each area works the first half of the shift and then the other takes over. Violet and I work in different specialties and we both found ourselves working the first half of the night. The midnight shift isn't very busy so most people pass the time by watching a movie or reading a book. On this fateful night Violet happened to forget to grab a movie so she asked if she could look through the flicks that I brought in hopes that I had something she hadn't seen. She flipped through my DVD's and managed to find one that she wanted but there was an issue...it was the same one that I planned on watching that night. When I told her the bad news she looked so disappointed that I offered the movie to her and said that I'd find something else. 

"I can't expect you to do that. I know how awful these shifts are with nothing to do." Violet said.

"Yeah, they suck even with something to do!" I agreed. 

"Look, if we want to watch the same movie, why don't I slide over here and we can both watch it?" Violet offered.

"Sure, that sounds fair!" I approved.

I was a bit nervous about having a woman that I was so attracted to sitting so close while we were at work but I didn't want to leave either of us with nothing to watch. I was just afraid that I'd spend more time watching Violet than the movie and she would somehow get offended. Violet rolled a chair over and sat down a few feet away and I started the film. We had chosen to watch "The Hangover" and anyone that has seen it knows that we were laughing hysterically throughout the film. We were both having fun and the time was flying so we decided to take a break halfway through. Violet needed to use the restroom and I was looking forward to a cigarette. We parted ways momentarily and I went outside for a smoke while she headed for the washroom. As Violet walked away I turned around to check out her bubble butt as I always do and saw that her jeans were hugging her ass perfectly.

When I returned from my smoke I found that Violet had beat me back and it looked like she had moved her chair slightly closer to mine while I was gone. It was at this point that I really started to imagine the things that could happen between us if everything went my way. I sat down quickly to hide my growing erection before Violet noticed and we quickly resumed the movie. I pressed play on the DVD player and tried to stop my imagination from running wild so that my dick would go back to sleep before it was embarrassingly detected. All hopes of this were dashed when Violet began to laugh so hysterically that she ended up nearly falling off her chair and I had to reach out and catch her before she hit the floor. I managed to somehow avoid grabbing her in any inappropriate places as I wrapped my arms around her and prevented her from hurting herself. I pulled her back up into the chair and made certain that she was steady again before I let go. She continued to laugh all the way through her dilemma but I think it was due more to embarrassment than the scene from the movie. 

"Are you alright?" I asked, unsuccessfully trying to hold back my own laughter. 

"I'll be alright! I haven't laughed that hard in quite a while!" Violet added.

Once Violet finally settled down I rewound the movie back to where we left off and hit play. I was shocked when Violet leaned over and planted a light peck on my cheek and thanked me for saving her from falling on the floor. She gave my thigh a thankful pat as well and her hand seemed to lightly squeeze and linger for a moment. Violet then sat back and crossed her legs while we resumed watching the movie. Every once in a while I could feel her foot graze my leg when she laughed or shifted her weight around which certainly didn't help the erection I was still sporting. I had to sit slightly turned away from her so that my uncomfortable situation wouldn't be discovered. We watched the remainder of the film without anything out of the ordinary occurring and when it finished we only had another half hour to kill before our relief would arrive. 

"I'm going to run out and grab something to eat, do you want to join me?" Violet inquired.

"Sure, I'm starving and I didn't have time to make anything before I came in!" I said. I had brought some food with me but I thought if I was ever going to get a chance to sleep with Violet than this was it and I lied to increase my chances. This was going to possibly be the only time that I'd get to be alone with her and I didn't want to miss out.

"I've got to check something on the computer and when our relief arrives I'll meet you outside. " Violet stated. 

The next few minutes seemed to drag on forever as I anxiously awaited my coworker's return and my much needed break. When my partner walked around the corner I jumped up, informed him of what was going on and hurried to meet Violet at the front door. She was already on the front steps when I arrived and I was greeted with a very sexy smile. She asked if we could take my car since she forgot to grab her keys and I readily agreed. I led Violet to my car and we started on our way.

"Where did you want to go?" I asked. "There aren't many places open this late."

"How does Wendy's sound? Violet asked, "Just go through the drive-thru and we'll eat back at work."

"That sounds like a plan!" I agreed.

The nearest Wendy's was only about 10 minutes away which allowed us a little bit of time to chat on the way. Violet and I had both been married within the last 2 years so we discussed how our respective marriages were treating us. I informed her that my relationship with Amy was amazing and I divulged that we were free to sleep with whomever we wanted. She was quite intrigued by my situation and had a few questions regarding our marriage.

"So you would let your wife go out and fuck another guy if she wanted?" Violet asked.

"Sure, I know she's going to come home to me and tell me all about it while we have sex!" I admitted. "I'm not trying to brag but she is rarely satisfied after being with another man so she really needs me when she gets home!"

"Wow! So you have actually watched her with another guy and liked it?"

"Yeah, I love seeing her in action! She is so sexy and I love watching her having a good time!"

"Is she okay with you making love with another woman?" Violet inquired.

"Well, sort of...it wouldn't be making love, just sex. And she has been encouraging me to do it since we opened our marriage." I answered.

"So hypothetically, if I was to have sex with you, you would go home and tell your wife while you make love to her?"

"Exactly! It's funny you mention that because she has actually brought your name up specifically!" I divulged.

"Really, why me?" 

"We have talked about women that I find attractive at work and your name is always the first one out of my mouth!" I disclosed, feeling my face go red.

"Aww, that's so flattering! Especially with some of the other women we work with. You are telling me that you find me more attractive than Tracy or Julia or even Crystal?" Violet asked.

"I do! I think you're the sexiest woman at work by far!" I complimented as I looked her up and down again.

"Well thank you so much! I think you're a great looking guy too!" Violet countered.

Our revealing conversation was interrupted when we arrived at the drive-thru and ordered our food. We drove back to work without saying another word and the silence was very uncomfortable. I was afraid that by letting her know I was attracted to her combined with the knowledge that I was free to have sex with other women outside my marriage scared her and that I had ruined any chance that I ever had. My concern was quickly dashed when we parked the car and started to make our way back inside work. I was walking slightly ahead of Violet when I felt her hand cup my ass cheek and give it a quick squeeze before letting go. 

"What was that for?" I asked while continuing to walk.

"I just wanted to know if it felt as good as it looked!" Violet exclaimed. "And it feels great!"

"Well thanks, I guess!"

We made our way inside and Violet suggested that we take the food downstairs to the lounge where we could eat in peace. The basement lounge had a loveseat, TV, a few chairs, a coffee table and, most importantly, it was tucked away in a corner of the building where most people didn't venture. When we arrived at the lounge I opened the door and allowed Violet to enter first. As she walked through the door I felt her hip slowly graze my crotch and I was certain she did it intentionally to see my reaction. By this point I was becoming accustomed to her flirting but that didn't stop my dick from rising once again. Violet continued past me and took a seat in the middle of the loveseat before motioning for me to join her.

"Have a seat, let's eat!" Violet invited, patting the small space next to her.

I managed to squeeze into the remaining space on the loveseat which caused our thighs to press tightly together as we began dining. Apparently we were both very hungry because we barely spoke for the next ten minutes or so while we devoured our meals. We both finished eating at roughly the same time and leaned back in the loveseat to relax and let the food digest. When Violet leaned back she let her head come to rest on my shoulder and her hand found my nearest leg. What she did next absolutely floored me as I was not expecting her to be so forward.

"So, why don't you let me see what you've been hiding from me all night." Violet boldly asked.

I tried to respond but before I could Violet dropped to her knees in front of me and started to undo my pants. Once she had released my belt her hand snaked its way inside and grabbed hold of my rigid cock. Her soft hand gripped my rod tightly as she looked up at me to see my reaction. The slightest movement of her fist caused my cock to twitch uncontrollably and my eyes to roll back into my head. I had been waiting for this opportunity for so long that I was in shock that it was actually happening and even more stunned that I was at work when it did. As her hand explored my stiff manhood she used her other one to finish undoing my pants which gave her a lot more room to maneuver. Violet started to rotate her hand as it slid up and down my cock and used her thumb to spread the precum that was leaking from the head. 

"Your cock is so hard! I must be doing a good job!" Violet bragged.

"Your hand feels amazing and I can't believe we're doing this at work!" I exclaimed.

I tried to move into a more comfortable position while Violet continued to fondle me. I leaned back against the loveseat and Violet took the opportunity to finish stripping me of my pants. Sadly, she had to release my cock for a moment in order to slide my pants down my legs and pull them completely off. I was now sitting in the basement of my workplace with a very attractive co-worker on her knees in front of me and I was naked from the waist down. With my clothing out of the way Violet got a look at my stiff cock for the first time and she seemed quite impressed. 

"You have a great looking cock!" Violet complimented as she eyed it from base to tip. "I hope it tastes as good as it looks and feels!"

Violet forcefully spread my legs so that she could move closer and get better access to my rod. She grasped the base of my shaft with her hand and aimed my dick toward her mouth while looking up at me with a mischievous smile. Her smile rapidly disappeared as her lips parted and wrapped themselves around the head of my cock. In the blink of an eye her nose was nestled in my trimmed pubic hair and my cock was deep in her mouth. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the incredible blowjob that Violet was giving me. She certainly knew her way around a cock and proceeded to demonstrate just how talented a cock sucker she was. At first she took her time and allowed her mouth to explore every inch of my manhood, her tongue continuously dancing around my shaft. Once her mouth had coated my whole cock in warm saliva she allowed my dick free from her lips and proceeded to trail her tongue against my balls while lightly stroking me with her hand. In no time at all Violet had me on the verge of cumming.

"You'd better stop or else I'm going to cum!" I warned as I tried to hold back.

"Good! I want you to fill my mouth with your cum before you fill my pussy with your cock!" Violet admitted before continuing her magnificent blowjob. 

As great as her mouth felt on my cock I knew that holding off my impending orgasm was going to be impossible so I decided to give her what she wanted. I grasped a handful of her hair and started to thrust my cock between her lips, fucking her warm mouth until I was almost ready to cum. 

"Here it comes!" I groaned, "I'm gonna cum!"

My body stiffened and my cock twitched uncontrollably as I began to deposit my load into her mouth. Violet didn't miss a beat as my cum splashed against the back of her mouth. She simply continued to suck my cock and swallow blast after blast of my warm jizz. My climax was so intense that I felt a little light headed as it finally subsided. I slumped back against the couch in exhaustion as Violet licked my still stiff cock clean. I was pleased to see that my cock had remained hard since I desperately wanted to fuck Violet. When she was done cleaning my dick Violet looked up at me with a proud smile and I could see the arousal in her eyes as she licked her lips. 

"You should get rid of all those clothes so I can return the favour!" I suggested while helping her to her feet.

"That sounds like a great idea! It's been so long since I've had my pussy eaten!" Violet admitted.

I pulled her shirt over her head to reveal the sexy red lace bra that hid her smallish tits. Violet reached around her back and unclasped her bra, allowing it to slide down her arms and expose her breasts. Her nipples were erect and stuck out like pencil erasers from her perky little tits. I leaned down and took turns sucking on each of her nipples while undoing her pants at the same time. I thought I heard Violet let out a low moan as I tongued her nipples. When I managed to undo her jeans I slid them down her legs and was shocked to see that she wasn't wearing any panties. Violet stepped out of her pants and pulled my head down for a passionate kiss. She darted her tongue into my mouth while holding my head in place the whole time. My hand found its way to her pussy as our kiss lingered and I was surprised to feel how wet she was already. I teased her damp lips and clit with my fingertips without penetrating her which caused her to moan into my mouth. 

Violet finally pulled away and broke our kiss, pleading with me to eat her pussy. I told her to have a seat on the couch and got on my knees between her legs. Before diving in I took a moment to admire her neatly trimmed mound and moist, puffy lips. I looked up at Violet as my tongue contacted her slit for the first time. She was desperate to feel my mouth and when I finally did taste her she flung her head back and let out a sigh of sexual relief. It had been a while since I had tasted a pussy other than my wife's and the new flavor was very arousing. I took my time and made sure to lick and suck every inch of her pussy while paying a little extra attention to her hard clit. I was just starting to get into a decent rhythm when I felt Violet's hand on the back of my head. 

"Oh my God, you do that so well!" Violet complimented as she pushed my face harder against her mound. "I'm going to cum all over your face!"

I stuck my tongue as deep as I could into her cunt and fucked her with it as she began to buck her hips. I felt her body shudder as the first wave of her climax ravaged her body. Her tasty juices started to flow from her slit and I eagerly licked up as much as I could. When her orgasm started to subside she freed my head and allowed me to take a deep breath. My face was covered in her cum but I had no intention on stopping here. I sucked her clit between my lips and rapidly flicked my tongue over her hard nub which prolonged her climax and had her screaming my name over and over. Hearing another woman call out my name was such a turn on that I didn't want to wait any longer to fuck her. 

"I need to fuck you right now!" I exclaimed, "I have wanted this for so long!"

"Then get up here and slide that beautiful cock into me!" Violet demanded.

I positioned myself between her legs and aimed my stiff cock at her juicy slit. I sank my entire length into her with one long smooth stroke. We both moaned loudly as we enjoyed the foreign feeling of sex with a new person. I had already cum once so I knew that I could go for a while but I was also aware that once I came for a second time that I would probably be finished for the night so I took it easy at first to make it last. I pulled my cock all the way out and slapped it against her clit before slowly penetrating her fully once again. I took my time and enjoyed her wet canal with each rhythmic thrust and in mere minutes she was begging me to fuck her harder. I was slowly starting to build speed when Violet, who seemed slightly frustrated with my methodical technique, pushed me away and rose to her feet. 
