 I got the off the bus and stood in front of an impressively large building with the words MINI in large type. I met my group inside the Mini car factory in Oxford. On the left was a small museum of the history of the Mini Cooper car. 

After browsing the museum for a few minutes and admiring some of the cars in the collection, the announcement was made that the two hour factory tour was about to begin. I walked into the waiting area to get the purple safety vest and safety glasses for the tour.

I look up and our tour after getting dressed at our guide Sara, in her white factory coat. She smiled and said hello. She was French, red hair, 5' 7", and pretty smile on her 20 something face. She had small breasts hidden behind a little added weight evenly distributed the length of her body.

After the obligatory video safety briefing, we headed out to the factory floor. Sara started talking in her wireless mic as our group listened intently with our wireless ear pieces. 

I looked at Sara intently listening to her every word. I tend to look directly at people as I listen and she took note. Sara smiled at me and stared back as long as she could without looking socially awkward to the rest of the group. 

As the tour progressed she kept smiling at me as I smiled back at her. Sara started shifting her safety glasses back up her nose with her hand flirtatiously while she stole glances at me. Although it was obvious she has given this tour a hundred times, she stumbled on her words occasionally as, clearly, something else was running a cross her mind. Her glances and body language left little interpretation about what she was thinking. 

During the middle of the tour she looked at me intently, smiled, and mentioned that we will see the marrying of the body and the engine in a few moments but did not want to spoil anything.

After a few moments we were watching this process as the frame and the engine came together. 

Sara said that "Mini called it the marriage because this relationship will be life long." as she looked at me. 

I was clearly getting the hint from Sara. 

She was not my typical type of girl but clearly she saw something there. I liked her flirty style and cute smile. I started standing closer to her and asked a few questions to participate. This flirty pattern of looks and smiles continued between us to the end of the tour.

Once the tour ended and she collected all of the headsets. We talked for a bit. She told me about her PhD program in mid-evil history and we talked about mine. She was going back to France next week to continue her program and I was going back to the states. 

"Would you like to have a drink with me at the pub?" Sara asked?

"I have my teenage son with me on this trip." I replied.

"Any chance meting after he goes to bed?" She asked.

Thinking it would be fun to have a female friend that lives 5,000 miles away, it should be safe. "Sure, I would be happy to." I replied. "How about 10pm at the Trout Inn?" 

"Sounds perfect." She said.

It was a long day thinking about what Sara's intentions were and how the evening would go. I walked about a mile down to the pub from the hotel. It was a beautiful summer evening about 60 degrees as I strolled across the bridges of the Themes river with the stunningly, old large trees, and a fresh breeze guiding the way. 

Once I arrived, I saw Sara sitting in out on the patio nervously nursing a glass of water. Her hair down to her shoulders now with a fresh coat of light red lipstick. I walked up to her. 

She stood up and gave me a hug like an old friend not seen in quite some time. 

"I was nervous you would not come" Sara said. 

"Of course, I would never consider otherwise" I replied back. What can I order you Sara?"

"A glass of wine." She replied.

I excused myself, went to the bar and ordered two glasses of red wine. I returned to Sara eagerly waiting in the stool overlooking the river. I handed her a glass and said "Cheers, to us and a new..." pausing to fun the right word. 

"To a new us." she said. 

We sipped our wine and talked about her days as a tour guide, schooling in France, and what her hopes and dreams were for the future. 

"Max" she asked as if she needed to get my full attention. "Can we get go for a walk?" Sara wanted to escape from the prying ears and looks from the other patrons around the pub. 

"That sounds nice." I replied.

We walked over to the gate next to the pub which opened up to the huge Port Meadows which stretched on for miles. She reached over to hold my hand as we started to follow the river's edge deeper into the park. We walked quietly, comfortably, together for a while until we came to a large weeping willow tree on the bank of the river. 

Sara stopped, looked slightly up at me in the pale moonlight and kissed me gently on the lips. I returned her advances. I reached around to embrace her. We kept gently caressing each other's lips with our own until she spoke.

"I know this might sound strange since we just met today, buy I have never just instantly fallen in love with anyone, but I have with you." She said. "I don't know how you feel and understand if you don't feel in love yet but I did not want this to be an opportunity to just slip by." She finished.

"I don't know what to say other than I am very humbled by your words and refreshed by you being honest. Let's see where this goes." I responded. 

Sara reached into her shoulder bag and pulled out a small blanket. We both took two corners and laid it down under the willow tree. She sat down on the blanket and kicked off her sandals. She reached over and pulled the strings on my shoes then patted the empty space next to her. I kicked off my shoes and sat down next to her with our hips touching. She began to kiss me again but this time with more passion and purpose. 

She threw a leg over both of mine, and sat on my lap as we kissed. She pushed me gently back as she laid her bodyweight on me. Her hand found the hem of my blue polo shirt and she reached inside up to my chest. 

"I like what I feel." Sara said as she ran her fingers through the hair on my chest. 

I reached down to slide my hands under her blouse to her naked back. I ran my fingers gently up her back as she cooed in my mouth. 

She sat up slightly and threw her blouse over her head. In the pale light I saw her lacy bra and A cup beasts calling out for my touch. I reached up and ran my hands over her bra. She looked at me intently with her hair hanging beside her face nearly touching mine. She reached back, I clasped her bra with one hand and let the straps fall to her sides. I reached up to her shoulders and slid the shoulder straps down her arms. 

She kissed me again as I gently cupped both my hands around each breast. Slowly closing by index and middle finger gently trapping her nipples. She jumped slightly from her sensitivity as I I rolled her nipples ever so carefully between my fingers further stoking the fire within her.

I sat up slightly putting my lips to her right nipple. I inhaled her nipple slightly and worked around it with my tongue. She let out a impassioned soft moan as I caressed her nipple in my mouth. 

"I want you inside me." Sara whispered into my ear. 

"Are really sure?" I asked not wanting her to regret anything, making sure that she knew I did not want take advantage of her. 

She smiled and nodded. "More than anything." She said.

Sara reached down to with both hands and I buckled the black belt on my jeans. She released the button on my jeans and lowered the zipper. She reached up to my hips and firmly grasped the sides of my jeans. I lifted my hips as she pulled them down past my knees. She reached up and grabbed the sides of my boxers and had them join my jeans. She came back up and gently encased my hard penis with slightly wet head with her long slender fingers as she kissed my chest. She moved down to my stomach leaving the sensation of her lips on my skin. She released her grip on my penis and inserted it into her mouth making me groan in pleasure. She caressed my penis with her tongue as I had done with her nipple. 

Sara reached down and removed her panties from under her knee length skirt as she was suckling me. She slid up quickly and kissed me as she took my penis with her hand and guided it to her vagina. She slid it up and down he outside of her opening showing me how wet she was for me. She slid her weight down and gently but quickly enveloped my penis entirely inside her. 

We both moaned as we were as deeply entwined as we could be. She kept me deep inside her moving enough to feel amazing but making sure I stayed deep within her. 

We were both so close to the edge right from the beginning, lost in the pleasure we were getting from each other. Sara shook hard and quietly moaned "oh my god" in her impassioned French accent. I ran my fingers up and down her back causing her to shiver from my touch.

After a moment when she started coming down from her climax she started moving, the same as before. I wanted to come inside her with every fiber of my being. Was she on birth control? Was she in the middle of her cycle? Does she care? Would she care? All flashed through my mind. I did not want to disrupt this moment either of us but then she whispered said "finish inside" as she felt me get even harder. I exploded inside of her feeling a rush of passion but also a tinge of worry. Sara came again, even harder than before.

She laid on top of me for some time with her head on my chest and my penis inside of her. As the minutes passed we both calmed down and she moved her body to the right, beside mine, still with her head on my chest and her right leg on top of mine. 

She reached down and held my left hand inside of hers. "We'll need to talk about this." Sara said as she was turning my wedding ring on my finger, especially when I get pregnant. 

I was quiet for a moment, not knowing what to say, not really thinking things would go thus far. 

Sara spoke "It's okay. I don't know how your relationship is but all I know is that I need you in my life. I don't know how it happened but I love you more than life itself, and that will never change. We will figure out how to proceed from here. All I know is that we have four more nights together and I want to spend each one if them with you, making love to me."

I looked down at her and she kissed me. 

After a while we helped each other get dressed and packed up the blanket. We started the long walk back to the pub. 

"I hope I was not too forward tonight." Sara said."I don't want you thinking I am the wrong type of girl."

"Not at all, Sara." I said.

"I just love you so much and I wanted to make sure you knew." She said. "I would be heartbroken if I lost you."

I wrapped my arm around her waist. "I know how you feel, that is clear." I smiled at her as we continued to walk in comfortable silence together. 

When we reached the pub, we walked to the car park and she offered me a ride back to my hotel. It was late, she had to work in just a few hours and I had my group tours to go on. 

When we got to the hotel, she looked at me and said "can I pick you up, the sane time tomorrow?"

"I look forward to it." I said.

We kissed deeply for a few minutes and agreed it was time for bed. 

I got out of the car, closed the door, and waived goodbye as she waived back driving in the darkness of the night.