 Oh my evil neighbor Tina, prancing about the backyard in skimpy clothes again. I know she knows I am watching her. She just loves to be a tease; why else would she do it? Yesterday it was a loose sundress that allowed me to watch her beautiful breasts bouncing about. Today it is a tight pair of shorts and a sports bra.

I was mesmerized as well as getting turned on by watching her make her way around her garden. She would bend over sticking her ass right out towards me. I was becoming hard and started rubbing my cock through my basketball shorts. It wasn't very long before I let them drop and just started stroking my cock right there. Unfortunately, just then she went into her place. I grunted in disappointment, her husband was home.

Just then I was startled by a loud thump. I turned my head towards the noise and saw the lady who lived next door. I was just about to grab my shorts and run in embarrassment, when I noticed she was standing there naked. She had one hand on her mound and the other on her left breast.

I knew that Erica was a widow because I had gone over to her place to fix a few items for her. She was a sweet woman about forty-five years old and had graying streaks in her blonde hair which she usually had curled. To me she was a classic beauty who was just getting to that point where she was just getting wrinkles and gravity was just starting to weigh on her body. I have seen her coming home from work a few times and she can still turn a young mans head, especially when she dresses for a night on the town.

She stood there on the other side of the patio door, half startled and half nervous. Her face had turned scarlet. I motioned her to open the door.

"I am so sorry, I just came out of the shower and saw you standing there rubbing yourself and I just couldn't help myself."

"I am flattered; I would have expected a call to the police."

"Are you kidding the last time you came over to fix the hook up for the washer I wanted to throw you on the ground and fuck you silly."

"I would not have stopped you" I answered with a cocky tone in my voice."

She was starting to rub her clean shaven pussy again," Would you like to come over and have some fun?"

I started to stroke my cock again and caress my balls, "I would love to."

Instead of dressing and going downstairs I vaulted over the divider between our patios. As I walked up to her I could smell jasmine. It was also the first time I really noticed her green eyes. Yes, I would definitely say she was an attractive woman. She greeted me with a kiss. He lips were soft and her breath hinted of wine. 

She grabbed the back of my head and parted my lips with her tongue. She sighed deep and her kiss became aggressive. I reached around her and grabbed her ass and pulled her against me. She melted into my arms and ran her fingernails down my back. Just before pulling back she gave me a stiff smack on my ass.

She grabbed my hand and led me to a lounger on the patio, "Have a seat, please."

She then moved another lounger next to it facing the opposite direction and said, "I would like to masturbate with you, that ok by you?"

"Yes, fine by me," as I sat down on the cushion.

I watched her experienced fingers caress her nipples, rolling them between her forefingers and her thumbs. She moaned with each pull or pinch. Her tongue licked her lips in between moans. She would arch her back slightly and spread her legs apart slightly. 

I could see how wet she was when she spread her legs apart. With her watching intently I slid my hand down my chest and across my belly slowly. I was teasing her with the anticipation. I finally let my hand slip down to my now rock hard cock and wrapped my fingers around it. I stroked it slowly to start off with. I opened my eyes wider as I looked into hers.

She was sucking on one of her fingers, rolling her tongue around the end. At the same time she ran her other hand down to her glistening pussy. With care and softness she rolled her clit between two fingers. Her body squirmed around on the cushion and she moaned louder. Within moments her body was quivering from an orgasm. While powerful she kept her orgasm quiet.

I caressed my balls with one hand and stroked with the other, enjoying every second of her strong release. I closed my eyes for a few moments enjoying the sensation of my cock tingling. I opened my eyes as I felt a velvety soft touch on my hands. 

She was now bending over at the foot of the lounger. Her breasts hanging just inches from my legs. She removed my hands and wrapped hers around my cock and squeezed it hard. A drop of precum built up on the end. She leaned in and licked it off my cock. The sensation of her warm wet tongue on my cock sent a shiver up my spine.

She excused herself and went in the house. She returned quickly and now had a small bottle in hand. It appeared to be lube but I couldn't see the label. She squirted some on her hand and then rubbed her hands together. She grabbed my cock and slathered it in this warm wet solution. Her hands working in an upward motion one hand following the other. It wasn't very long before I noticed my cock was numb.

"Hey what's with this stuff?"

"I want you to fuck me till I, am done", her voice was more commanding than before. "Is that a problem?"

"No, none at all, I'll fuck ya till we are both raw."

I laid the lounger back until it was flat and she lifted a leg over me and squatted down over my face. Her lips and soaking wet pussy were just inches from my tongue and lips. I reached out with my tongue and I felt the soft flesh of her swollen mound. I licked her gently at first and then more vigorously. The rougher my tongue was on her the more she would grind her pussy into my face. I could feel the wetness of her honey as it cascaded down my cheeks. It wasn't long before she was moaning again from a violent orgasm.

She leaned down to kiss me passionately, our tongues dancing around each other enjoying the musky juice she covered my face with. Her lithe frame slid down my body until she was resting her hips against mine and my cock was resting against her ass. She grabbed my cock and then lowered herself on me. Although I was mostly numb I could feel the warmth as my cock slid in between her lips and deep inside her.

Her hips rocked back and forth when she would grind her body against mine. Her moans grew louder and louder as her gyration gained speed. She reached back and caressed my balls. I reached up and grabbed her breasts and pinched her nipples hard. Her head flew back and she inhaled deeply when her body began shuddering from yet another orgasm.

"Come!" She demanded, taking me by the hand. 

We walked into the house and she leaned over the table in her dining room. Bent over the table opened up her ass and pussy for full view. Her pussy was shining in the light with all of her juices just oozing out. I grabbed my cock and smacked her pussy and ass with it. She was so sensitive that she would moan and gasp with each slap. I pressed the head of my cock against her lips and it popped in easily. I immediately started to ram my cock hard into her. She could barely stand up against my hard thrusts. I leaned forward to deepen the angle and in a matter of seconds she was grunting loudly as her body convulsed. This time though her pussy showered me with a warm wet orgasm.

Her teeth gritted tightly together and in a deep grunt, "Don't you fucking stop, not yet!"

"You're an animal, your insatiable"; I panted wiping sweat from my brow.

With that she rolled on her back on the table and grabbed hold of my cock. She pulled me in until I was close. She wrapped her legs around my back and like a python drew me in. My cock was dark red and purple and swollen beyond what I thought it could. I was only now just starting to get feeling back since that cream. I entered her once again and began to thrust with might. Our bodies slapped together loudly with each ram to the hilt. She was grunting again with a twisted expression of both ecstasy and wanton desire. 

It seemed like an eternity but I was starting to feel that tingling in my cock that said I could relieve my pent up load as well as appease this maniac who was impaling herself on my manhood. Our sweaty, rough session was leaving both of us exhausted but she would not stop till I came for her now. I looked down at her pussy as I moved my cock in and out and noticed how red it was. 

Even with her mound seeming to be almost raw she moved her hand to her clit and feverishly rubbed her extra swollen clit. Her hand moved so fast it looked like she was having some kind of seizure. Her face contorted as if it looked like she was going to howl. She gasped and wheezed when she inhaled and was crying out when she exhaled. Soon enough she was spasming from another strong orgasm and exploded stronger that the last. Another gush of fluid bathed my cock and legs. I could feel her pussy clamping down on my cock with each wave.

This time though with all the clenching her pussy was giving my cock I felt myself building to orgasm, "Oh fuck, I am gonna cum!"

With that she slid off the table and in one motion she grabbed my cock and took all of me into her mouth. "Cum on baby, I want it all."

Her tongue and lips hit just the right spots and I felt the rush. My cock rocketed jet after jet of cum into her waiting mouth and she swallowed every last bit. Her tongue was licking every last inch of my cock, making sure to get every last drop that oozed from the tip. 

She looked exhaustedly into my eyes; "Let's go relax in my hot tub." 

"That sounds great."

"It's downstairs in the rec-room, let me get something cold and I will join you shortly."

I strolled down to her rec-room which was a veritable adult toy catalog display room. I was overwhelmed by the amount of entertainment that could be found. Her phone rang as I was getting into the hot tub and I heard her talking to someone on the phone but was too interested in relaxing to pay attention. Before long she was making her way down the stairs with two glasses of iced tea. 

She slipped into the hot tub and asked, "Do you like my de-stressing room?"

"It is interesting, I'll give you that."

"We'll we will see just how interesting you find it." Smirking with an evil grin, she sipped from her glass.