 A man on vacation decides to take a Sightseeing bus of the area. He goes to the depot and buys a ticket after standing in line for over twenty minutes. He heads for the designated bus and sees more people in a line to get on the bus. As he gets on, he sees all the front seats are taken, as are all the window seats the entire way back. He was hoping for a window seat, but at this point any seat is looking good.

He walks about two thirds of the length of the bus and sees an open aisle seat on his left next to a portly gentleman and one his right. He didn't want a trip fighting for an armrest, so without looking hard, he plops into the seat on his right. 

As he sits down, a woman looks up from her book and smiles warmly and says, "Good Morning." He answers pleasantly "Good Morning. Are you familiar with this area?" She said no, she was merely a tourist looking to learn more about the area and try to kill a large part of the day without a problem. He chuckled, he had thought the same thing, and told her so. They both smiled and relaxed in their chairs a bit more. 

They looked up front and the tour guide was just getting on the bus and the driver was preparing to pull out of the lot.

As the tour moved out, the man and the woman would look out the window, past the woman, as the guide would announce what was on the left, and they would both lean and strain to try to see out the window on the right, past the portly man. 

Their laughter came easily, as they would look from side to side, often making exaggerated movements as though staining to see. The man would sometimes pretend to strain to see past the woman, although he was honestly losing interest in the distant scenery and starting to enjoy what was right before him. She was in a white sun dress, the skirt reaching almost to her knees as she sat. The top portion was buttoned, except for the top two, which allowed only a hint of cleavage to appear. 

As the bus would travel along the road, they continued to chit chat, enjoying each other's company as much as the tour. As they were looking out to the right, trying to see the portion of the window the portly man was not covering, the bus hit a bump, and she instinctively grabbed hold of his arm. She apologized and let go. But she had held on just a moment longer than necessary. And could he feel her breasts being separated by his arm, or was he just dreaming. Several more times the bumps would occur and she would hold his arm. Soon, she was holding his arm for every sight on the right.

As luck would have it, as they were looking out her window, the bus hit a pothole and, as he was leaning over to see, his hand went to her leg for support. Before he could remove it, she placed her hand over his, and whispered "It's ok, I don't mind."

He looked into her eyes and they could feel the need growing in each of them. He leaned over and their lips met. 

A short time later, the tour guide said the guided portion of the tour was over, and as dusk was approaching, the cabin lights were going to be turned down for those wishing to sleep on the way back to the station. Reading lights were available on the overhead console and blankets were in the overhead bins. She whispered to him, "Please get a blanket, I'm chilly in this night air." He got up to get the blanket, knowing that her leg was warm to the touch. She noticed the tent in his pants. As he sat down and started to open the blanket, she said, "That looks big enough to cover both of us, if you don't mind." "I guess that would be alright" he replied. 

They wrapped themselves in the blanket cocoon and his hand found its way quickly to her leg again. It was still warm. She moved her leg toward him without moving her other leg. His hand was able to slip easily between her legs and halfway up her thighs. She made a purring sound, and slid forward, parting her legs completely for him. He could now feel her soaked panties. He began to rub her mound, savoring the feeling. She leaned her head over and they kissed. Hard. He pressed into her, and her breathing began to stutter. His hand became moist. 

He pulled his hand back, and began to lick each finger. The favor was sweet. She moved away from him and began moving under the blanket. He knew she was removing her panties. 

She took his hand and put it back to her crotch and pressed his hand with hers. She forced two of his fingers into her sopping pussy and then moved over to his groin. She pulled his zipper down with ease, even though there was a lot of pressure from his rock hard member. He began to move his fingers rhythmically in and out of her. She was beginning to move her pelvis in time with his movements. She worked through his underpants and within seconds, his soldier was standing straight and tall. She began to stroke him. Gently caressing with her fingers. She was moving her hand up and down, playing with his tip, and stroking again. 

His hand was now pressing in deeper. He pulled out, added a third finger and stroked her again. After several strokes, he pulled out and added his pinky. All four fingers, filling her slit, went in and out with increasing ease and speed. His thumb was rubbing her clit. She was in heaven. He moved his hand in again and began to wiggle his fingers. She bit her lip to prevent screaming. Out and in again his hand went. Again and again, then he held it in, deep, pushing hard against her as she was pushing against his hand. His thumb rubbing her clit. She stopped stroking him and pushed against his hand, taking it past his knuckles. She tensed, squeezing his hand with her thighs and had a monstrous orgasm. 

Her thighs let go of his arm and she moved her hips toward the back of the seat. As she did, he removed his hand. She said "Let me get that for you" and pulled the blanket away from her and leaned down and began to suck each finger clean. As she finished his hand, she pulled the blanket up over her head and began to suck him. It didn't take long for her work to have the desired effect. She could feel him tighten his muscles and she took him in deeply. He felt the sperm making its trip and was immediately shooting on the back of her throat. She felt he penis growing as the he began to shoot and stayed on him, sucking and sucking. He had never felt anything as wonderful, or as sensual. 

As she felt him subside and shrink, she tucked him carefully into his pants. She had him zipped up and she was straightened up in the seat and blanket adjusted just as the bus was pulling into the terminal. 

As the bus stopped they stood and he began to fold the blanket. She looked at him and said, "Well, I think it was a wonderful tour. We made it to my favorite places." He looked at her and replied, "Best tour I was ever on." 

He moved to the aisle, and took a step backward to allow her to get out and exit ahead of him. As she climbed over her seat and then his, he felt her hand slip into his pocket. Her hand came out but he could feel something in there. She whispered to him, "Don't forget your souvenir."