 Laughing as they raced along the platform, Sharon and David leapt on to the train as the conductor's whistle blew. "Made it!" Sharon gasped as the carriage doors closed and locked behind her, her face flushed from the effort of their mad dash through the station.

"Yeah! But only just!" David replied, his face as red as his girlfriend's.

"Oops!" Sharon exclaimed, falling against her boyfriend as the train lurched into motion. She kissed him lightly then smiled. "C'mon," she said, "let's get a seat."

Making their way down the aisle, swaying against the rocking motion of the deserted carriage, the young couple sat down at the first table seat, David taking the inside seat, Sharon snuggling up against him as she took the seat beside him. "Put your coat over me, Dave, I'm a bit chilly," Sharon complained. 

David did as he was asked as the conductor's voice crackled over the public address system. "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome aboard the 23:30 ScotRail Express service to Edinburgh Waverley. This train calls at Falkirk High, Polmont, Linlithgow, Haymarket and Edinburgh Waverley. Due to arrive in Edinburgh Waverley at 00:40."

Sharon pressed herself against David, feeling the firmness of his body against hers. She smiled wickedly to herself. "What do you think you're doing?" David enquired as he felt his girlfriend's hand brush lightly over the front of his jeans, her actions concealed by his coat.

"Oh, nothing much," Sharon replied coyly. "Do you object?"

"Um, no. I guess not." David replied as Sharon increased the pressure of her hand against his growing bulge.

"Good," Sharon said, "Just because it's late doesn't mean I won't want a good seeing too when we get home."

They were briefly interrupted by the conductor as he came round to check the tickets. David looked slightly flustered as he rummaged for them in his pocket. Sharon flashed the conductor her most sweetly innocent smile. As the conductor made his way down the almost deserted carriage, David felt Sharon's hand tug at the zip of his jeans. He stifled a moan as her questing fingers reached inside and quickly found their target. "That's not fair," He gasped as her fingers lightly stroked his cock.

"What isn't?" Sharon purred.

"You're going to get me all worked up if you do that."

"I'd say you're worked up already," Sharon replied, relishing the feeling of her boyfriend's hard cock in her hand. "Don't worry," she continued, "You'll get your reward when we get home."

Feigning sleep, David surrendered himself to the sensations as his girlfriend's fingers slipped up and down his shaft, moaning occasionally in response to her knowing touch. "I'm looking forward to having this inside me," Sharon whispered, giving his prick a gentle squeeze. "I'm getting wet just thinking about it."

David moaned quietly, his girlfriend's words adding to his arousal. "You know what I'm going to do when we get home?" Sharon asked, her voice barely audible, her hand stroking up and down. David shook his head. "I'm going to suck your cock," Sharon continued, "I'm going to suck your cock until it's good and hard and then, after you've eaten my pussy until I've come a few times, I'm going to get you to fuck me hard. Do you like the sound of that?" she enquired.

"Uh ... uh huh!" David gasped, struggling for control as Sharon's fingers increased their pressure on his shaft.

"You getting close, babe?" Sharon enquired coyly. Unable to speak, David merely nodded. "Let me know when it gets too much," Sharon purred, "I wouldn't want any of that lovely thick cum of yours to go to waste."

David felt the pressure grow as his girlfriend's fingers worked their way up and down his shaft, teasing the head with her thumb as she continued to tell him what she wanted to do when they got home. Absently, David wondered if the elderly couple at the other end of the carriage had any idea as to what was occurring just a few feet away from them. The thought that he and Sharon could be disturbed at any moment turned him on even more.

"You're getting close, aren't you babe?" Sharon purred, feeling her boyfriend's thick cock twitching in her hand, his breath catching in his chest. Again, all David could do was nod. "Do you want me to stop?" Sharon asked softly. David shook his head. "Do you want to cum in my mouth?" Sharon teased.

"Shit, Sharon, I ... I'm going to explode," David groaned, his voice showing the strain.

Sharon smiled. "OK," she said, "I hope no-one comes." She slid to the floor, kneeling under the table. "Except you," she added wickedly. Covering herself with David's coat, she freed his straining cock and wrapped her lips around it's tip.

The warmth of Sharon's mouth as it engulfed his prick was all it took to send David over the edge. "Oh, ohhhh, ohhhhhhhhh!" he moaned quietly as he felt his seed boil up through his shaft. Sharon swallowed rapidly as the first jet of her boyfriend's cum filled her mouth. Sucking hard, she drained his cum from his prick, using the fingers of one had to squeeze it from his cock. David's hips bucked against the seat, driving his prick into her mouth as he emptied his load into her.

As David's eruption subsided, Sharon milked the last drops of cum from his prick, before tucking it back inside his shorts and zipping his jeans. "I think you needed that" she said, smiling sweetly as she emerged from beneath the table and sat next to him again. She kissed him lightly then covered herself with his coat once again. "Once you've got your breath back, it's my turn," she said.

The refreshment trolley trundled past and Sharon ordered two coffees. "We've still got ten minutes until the first stop," she said as she took a sip of her drink. "I doubt we'll be disturbed before that."

"Hmmm, probably not," David agreed. He kissed her neck and felt her shiver against him. Under the cover of the coat, his hands began to explore Sharon's body, caressing her softly through her clothes. Resting her head on her boyfriend's shoulder, Sharon closed her eyes. She felt his hands grip the hem of her top, pulling it up, over her stomach then over her breasts, freeing them from their confinement. She squirmed against him as his fingers began to caress the soft skin of her firm globes. Her nipples stiffened against his touch and she felt a familiar tingling begin deep inside her.

"Mmmmm, that feels nice," Sharon purred as David's hands cupped and squeezed her breasts, his fingers teasing her nipples. He nibbled softly on her neck, adding to her arousal as his hands stroked and caressed.

Sliding one hand down over her stomach then round and down the outside of her thigh, David began to pull the hem of Sharon's short skirt upwards. Sharon wriggled her bum against the seat, helping him to remove the obstruction of her skirt from his questing fingers. Slipping his hand round, his fingers encountered the soft curls of her mound and the moist lips of her pussy. "Mmmm ... Surprise!" Sharon murmured as David's fingers brushed lightly over her clit.

"Have you been like that all night?" David asked, still caressing her breasts with one hand as the fingers of the other twisted in her short curls.

"Of course," Sharon replied. "It was hot and sweaty in that hall with so many people there. Forgetting my underwear was one way of helping me keep cool."

"I see," David replied as he slipped the fingers of one hand between her moist folds, coating them with her juices while the other stroked her large, firm breasts. Sharon moaned softly as she let the sensations elicited by her boyfriend's fingers wash over her. The warmth in her pussy spread over her as her arousal grew.

David froze suddenly as the conductor unexpectedly made his way through the carriage, his fingers still buried deep inside Sharon's pussy. They both laughed nervously as the conductor disappeared through the sliding door at the end of the carriage. "That was close," David whispered.

"Mmmm, yes," Sharon murmured dreamily, "but don't stop now Dave, I'm getting close."

"OK," David replied then bent to nibble Sharon's neck again, his hands continuing to caress her breasts and nipples. He felt his fingers grow slicker as his girlfriend's juices coated them. Sharon quivered against him as the sensations mounted. Murmuring quietly, she bit her lower lip to stifle the cries that threatened to escape. David smiled. Sharon was normally very vocal. He knew how much the effort to remain silent was costing her.

Sharon's body trembled as David's fingers drove her towards her climax. She wanted to cry out, give voice to her passion but had to force herself to remain quiet, allowing only the occasional low moan to escape from between her lips. Her clit throbbed under the pressure of David's touch. Her breasts tingled as his other hand brushed over her stiff nipples. A warm glow spread from her middle to engulf her as she let herself be driven along the path. The need to remain silent, to deny herself the vocal release she needed further intensified the sensations she was experiencing

"Ladies and Gentlemen, this train will shortly be calling at Falkirk High. Falkirk High, next stop," a voice announced over the public address.

"Faster Dave, faster!" Sharon urged.

David increased the pressure of his fingers on Sharon's clit, rubbing it with a circular motion. He squeezed a nipple tightly between the fingers of the other hand, tugging on it to increase his girlfriend's sensations. Sharon reached up, under the coat, to tease her other nipple. Her body began to shake as her climax awoke. "Yes! Ohhhhhh fuck yessssss!" she whimpered as her orgasm ignited. "D ... don't stop, Dave! Don't stop!" she whispered, her eyes screwed tightly shut as she surrendered herself to her pleasure.

Sharon's hips bucked as David's fingers teased her clit, stretching out her climax for as long as she could bear. Her orgasm peaked, subsided the peaked again. Dimly, somewhere in her subconscious, she became aware of the train slowing down as it approached its next stop.

As the train pulled to a halt, David withdrew his fingers from Sharon's pussy. He eased her top down over her breasts then wrapped his arms around her, feeling her body tremble against his as the elderly couple at the other end of the carriage got out of their seats and made their way to the door.

When the train was underway once more, Sharon opened her eyes and turned to her boyfriend. "Thank you, Dave," she said softly, "that was wonderful." She kissed him lightly on the cheek then smiled, impishly. "You've got until we get home to recover, babe," she said, "I really need to feel your cock inside me giving my pussy a good fucking."

The remainder of the journey passed quickly. Sharon dozed lightly, snuggled up against David, her head resting on his shoulder. She woke as the conductor announced, "This train is now approaching Edinburgh Waverley. Edinburgh Waverley, next and final stop. Would all passengers please ensure they have all bags and personal belongings with them before leaving the train."

"The only belongings I need are right here," Sharon said, gently squeezing David's groin as they stood up. Pulling on his coat, David simply smiled in return.

The taxi ride from the station to their flat seemed to take an eternity to Sharon. Her hands were all over David as he rummaged in his pocket for the door key. Finding it, he unlocked the door and they stepped inside. Sharon kissed him passionately as he closed the door behind them. Her tongue danced in his mouth as she pressed and rubbed her body against his. "C'mon," she breathed hoarsely, releasing her lips from his. "I can't wait any longer," she added as she grabbed his hand and began pulling him in the direction of the bedroom.

Once inside the room, their lips met again. As their tongues explored each others' mouths their hands struggled with each others' clothes, pulling, tugging, shedding them carelessly on the floor. David's prick had recovered and was hard once again. Sharon stroked it lightly as they kissed. 

Suddenly, without any warning, Sharon pushed David against the wall and dropped to her knees in front of him. She ran her tongue up the length of his cock, stroking it with one hand whilst gently playing with his balls with the other. She kissed and licked her way up and down his shaft, covering it in a fine film of saliva before opening her lips and slowly taking him fully into her mouth. 

David began to murmur softly as Sharon's lips began to glide up and down the length of his cock. She sucked him eagerly, changing her pace frequently, speeding up, then slowing down, sucking hard then more gently. As she sucked hungrily on his cock, Sharon gently teased the area between his balls and his arse causing his hips to buck, forcing more of his prick into her mouth. 

David's hands found Sharon's head. He pushed her on to his cock, guiding her mouth back and forth along his shaft. Sharon briefly slipped him out of her mouth and ran her tongue round the head, round and round, swirling one way then the other. As David groaned with obvious pleasure, she took him into her mouth again. 

Sharon was vaguely aware of David saying things like, "Oh God. That feels so good." and "Yes, fuck yes! Suck me harder, Sharon!" as her lips worked their way relentlessly up and down his pole. He was losing himself to the sensations his girlfriend was giving him and Sharon was loving every minute of it, savouring the control she had over him. 

As Sharon feasted on her boyfriend's cock, she felt her own hunger return. She slipped his prick from between her lips, stood up and kissed him, noticing the strain on his face. Taking his hand in hers, she led him towards the bed.

As David lay on his back, Sharon straddled him then leaned forward, rubbing her breasts against his face. The bed squeaked below them and Sharon giggled as she deliberately rocked back and forth. David reached up and pressed her breasts together, leaning forward to flick his tongue over their surface. "Oh fuck, Dave, yes! Lick my tits! Make 'em wet all over!" Sharon demanded, grinding her pussy against his hard cock. 

Coating his girlfriend's breasts with a warm film of saliva, David's hands slid easily over their surface. Sharon purred contentedly as her boyfriend's mouth explored every inch of her breasts, kissing and licking them, drawing each of her nipples into his mouth in turn and flicking them with his tongue. As she ground her pussy against him, stimulating her clit, the bed squeaked and groaned in time with her movements as a warm glow spread through her body causing her cheeks to blush. 

Much as she enjoyed the attention her breasts were receiving from her boyfriend's mouth, Sharon needed more. Torn between the desire to take things slowly, savouring the sensations as David's mouth and hands explored her breasts and the need to feel her boyfriend's tongue on her clit, Sharon surrendered to her need. "I need to cum, Dave," she moaned, "I need to feel your mouth on my pussy!" 

Sharon turned round, her legs straddling David's head. As she positioned herself above him, David reached up to cup his girlfriend's breasts with his hands as he settled his face between her thighs. Sharon's lower lips glistened with her juices. The scent of her rich nectar filled David's senses as he began to run his tongue up the insides of her thighs, pinching her nipples with his fingers, his warm breath flowing over and around her moist folds. 

"Eat me! Don't tease me, Dave!" Sharon moaned, pushing her hips back, drying desperately to press her pussy against his mouth. David laughed. "In a hurry are we?" he teased. 

"N ... noooooo," Sharon moaned, "I ... I just want to feel your tongue on my pussy! I want you to make me cum!" she added, her need evident in her voice. 

David laughed and continued his slow teasing, his mouth coming close to but never quite touching Sharon's pussy. Sharon's complaints became increasingly urgent as her frustration mounted. "Eat my fucking pussy, Dave!" she moaned as the suspense became unbearable. Suddenly, without any warning, she felt his tongue graze her lower lips. "Ooooohhhhhh!" she sighed, "Ohhhhhh yesssss!" 

Slipping his tongue between Sharon's moist folds, David lightly nuzzled her moist labia. Her juices flowed out of her tunnel and David lapped them into his mouth. His tongue darted in and out of his girlfriend's pussy and she squirmed above him, moaning and sighing with pleasure as the sensations in her pussy spread over her. David moved his tongue to Sharon's clit, his hands rubbing and squeezing her breasts. "That's sooooo, good!" Sharon moaned, grinding her pussy against her boyfriend's mouth. 

As his tongue teased Sharon's clit, David reached back and slid the tips of two fingers into her pussy. "Oooooh Dave!" Sharon cried, pushing back to let his fingers penetrate her more deeply. He twisted his fingers inside her, coating them with her juices as his tongue lapped at her clit. Suddenly, he pulled them out and his hand reached up to her breast once again. Sharon moaned as he anointed her nipple with her juices. 

Repeating the process with the fingers of one hand, then the other, David coated Sharon's breasts with her juices as his tongue Continued to lash her clit. "Ohhhh David, I love it when you do that," Sharon sighed as he rubbed her juices into the soft skin of her breasts. "It feels sooooo dirty!" she added as she felt the first rippling tremors of her approaching climax spread through her pussy. 

Sharon's pleasure mounted as her boyfriend's fingers and tongue teased her nipples and clit "Oh fuck, Dave, yessssss! That's it! Don't stop!" she cried, struggling to force the words out as her body began to shake. David tugged on her nipples as his lips fastened around her clit, sucking it into his mouth as his tongue flicked across its tip, causing Sharon to moan as the pain increased her pleasure. "Ooooooooh!" she cried, "I'm cummmmming!" 

Sharon's body thrashed. She ground her pussy against David's mouth, pressing his tongue firmly against her clit. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oooooooooohhhhhhh!" she moaned as she surrendered to her climax. 

Slowly circling her clit with his tongue, David fed Sharon's climax, keeping her at boiling point as she came again and again. Sharon moaned and cried out, becoming louder and more vocal as David drove her on. As the waves of his girlfriend's orgasm rose and fell David hoped that their neighbours were out, he had never known any girl who gave voice to her pleasure as loudly as Sharon. And this time, it appeared, she was making up for having to remain silent on the train. 

As her climax peaked, Sharon fell forward. Lost in the sensations of her orgasm, she took David's cock between her lips again. She felt it grow even harder in her mouth as she tasted her juices on its surface from when she'd ground herself against it. She sucked it hard in response to the sensations in her pussy. Her orgasm swept over her in waves, peaking and subsiding over and over again. Her nipples throbbed as they pressed against David's body, adding to the sensations produced by his tongue on her pulsing clit. 

Torn once again between the conflicting desires of savouring her orgasm and feeling David's cock in her pussy, Sharon finally surrendered herself, this time, to the latter. With her body trembling, partially from her climax but even more from the anticipation of what was about to happen, she let his cock slip from her mouth and rolled away. "Fuck me, Dave!" she pleaded. 

David moved up and positioned himself above her. "Ooooh, mmmm!" Sharon moaned as he entered her with a single thrust. She clasped her hands above her head as David started to pump rhythmically in and out, pinning her to the bed. David reached forward and wrapped his fingers around Sharon's wrists, restraining her as he plunged into her warm, wet depths, the bed groaning in time with their movements. 
