 By Legmaster and Hussy

Edited 10/28/04 by Susurrus

Stephen had come into town for business. He arranged it so he could stay the weekend to play with me. He finally was taking me up on my offer to play tour guide. I was psyched beyond belief and had started planning the second we got off the phone.

Friday night found us on MetroNorth heading into New York City. The 45-minute train ride was spent catching up on our lives outside the office. When we reached the restaurant, Stephen helped me off with my coat. We both ended up staring when we noticed how good each other looked. The black knit mini-dress, black stockings and heels showed off all the right body parts. Stephen was dressed casually in black chinos, white shirt and paisley tie. The look was definitely mouth-watering.

Dinner was a wonderful event. Good food, great company and good conversation full of sexual innuendo. As we finished up our desserts, I told Stephen that I had a couple of surprises in store. He was instantly intrigued. Of course, the surprise he was hoping for wasn't "cumming" until much later in the evening. It was nice to keep him guessing.

The first surprise was two tickets to The Phantom of the Opera. Excitement and disappointment ran across his face at the same time. The disappointment lasted until the lights dimmed. During the first half, we ended up holding hands. The second half is a total blur to me. His hand somehow ended up working its way under my dress to rest between my thighs. Every so often he moved his thumb or pinkie, sending a jolt of desire right up my body.

By the time the curtain came down, we were both extremely turned on. We found it difficult to keep our hands off one another. The evening air was chilly as we walked towards my second surprise. This helped Stephen get some control back but had the exact opposite effect on me. By the time we arrived at our next destination, my nipples were hard and my breasts were full, both aching to be sucked.

Stephen let loose with a huge grin when he realized our next stop was a nightclub. We both love to dance. We've spent many bitch and moan sessions wondering how we always ended up dating people who hated to dance. Stephen basically threw our coats at the clerk and dragged me towards the dance floor. When we managed to get through the crowd to a spot Stephen approved of, he turned around to face me.

The spot his eyes fell upon were my nipples straining against my dress. After staring for a couple of seconds, he looked at me with a look of sham sympathy.

"You'd better turn off your headlights before you wear out your battery," he advised before he started to dance.

"I'm not worried," I replied.

"Oh yea, how come?" he queried.

"Heard you've got the jumper cable that could kick-start anything," was my sassy reply.

"Anytime.... anyplace..." he added, moving in close so I could tell he wasn't kidding around.

The songs were upbeat, making us sweat as we moved our bodies to the beat. "Slave to Love" came on and it took us about ten seconds before we were in each other's arms. Our bodies moved in perfect rhythm as we gazed into each other's eyes. As the second verse started, Stephen dipped his head down for a light, teasing kiss. With the second kiss, our lips lingered together until he parted mine to boldly thrust in his tongue. My arms locked around his neck. His hands - which had been resting lightly on the small of my back - caressed their way down to curve around my buttocks. Stephen pulled my hips closer to his so there was not an inch of space between our bodies.

We came up for air as the last few beats of the song filled the room. The heat from our gazes was enough to set the room on fire. The DJ played "Do You Want to Dance," which meant we didn't have to break contact. The kisses were light and quick until my hands reached his butt and started to slowly caress the taut muscles there. With a moan of pure agony, Stephen crushed his lips onto mine with our tongues reaching for each other's throats.

The song ended much too soon. We were abruptly brought back to reality and where we were. Our mood for dancing had been replaced by desire for something more, so we collected our coats and headed for the train station. We had plenty of time for a casual stroll but we both rushed. It was the unspoken hope of catching a dark corner to continue where we left off that urged us to take a quick pace.

Unfortunately, we could only find a corner in a car that was quickly filling with people. Settling in, I prayed that everyone would get off at the first stop. As we waited for the train to pull out, I leaned my head on Stephen's shoulder with my arm resting on top of his thigh. Within a few moments, I was out like a light, dreaming of the surprises still to be revealed.

I dreamed of feelings that were more intense than any of my other fantasies put together, and for a very good reason. Half of the car had gotten off at the first stop, and the conductor had settled down for a long chat with the engineer. Stephen jumped at the golden opportunity presented to him.

Having placed my coat over my legs, it managed to conceal Stephen's busy hands. He had slid his hand in between my knees to part my legs a little. He then started to explore the silkiness of my inner thighs, moving slowly upward. I wish I had been awake to see his reaction when he realized I wasn't wearing panties. As it was, I woke up just as his finger made its first stroke on my clit. Seeing the intense look on his face, I had to let out a low moan of desire. The moan caused him to smile down at me wickedly.

Stephen started to slowly stroke me, moving from my hard clit down to the bottom of my very wet slit, barely penetrating my lips. It didn't matter really: I felt it all the way up my body. I parted my legs in anticipation and the hope for more. Stephen moved his hand so that it was cupping me gently.

Looking into his eyes, I knew without a doubt what was going to happen next. I brought Stephen's head down to capture my moans of pleasure. The instant his tongue parted my lips, his fingers parted my other set. At the same time his tongue made love to my mouth, his fingers made love to my pussy. Stephen's magical fingers were quickly bringing me to the brink of ecstasy. I grabbed Stephen's thigh to make sure I stayed grounded when my body took off. My hips started moving in time with his fingers. Stephen then started to move his fingers even faster. That was all it took to trigger my orgasm.

Coming back down to earth, I felt Stephen slip his fingers out just as the conductor announced our stop. We almost missed it, as I sat stupefied, watching Stephen clean my juices off his fingers. Stephen got up, holding his coat in front of him, pushing me off the train towards the car. As we walked, naughty thoughts were rushing through my mind. Leaving Stephen in his present state for a twenty-minute car ride was not one of them.

When we reached the car, I unlocked my side and threw my coat on the seat. Staring at Stephen over the top of the car, I unlocked the back door. Then I got in, sliding over to unlock the other door. Stephen stood there for a few heartbeats before opening the door and throwing his coat in the front. He got in and shut the door. When my eyes finally adjusted to the moonlight, I saw Stephen sitting there looking down at his clasped hands. I leaned over, turning his head towards me to gauge his state. Had I not seen his erection straining the front of his pants, I would have thought he was in serious pain.

"You know, my idea to stay this weekend was not so I could get you into bed," Stephen blurted out, making me realize the reason for his hesitation.

"I know it wasn't. It was mine," I said before I slipped my tongue over his lips.

That seemed to get rid of the last of his hesitation because he pulled me tightly against him as we kissed passionately. I got myself situated so we were reclining against the seat with me on top of him. While we were kissing, Stephen started grinding his erection against my belly. Responding to his body's plea as quickly as I could, I didn't bother with his shirt and just went directly for his pants. I broke the kiss so I could work on his belt and zipper. Our heavy breathing filled the car. Once I got his zipper down, he lifted his hips slightly so I could work his pants down. I unbuttoned the bottom buttons of his shirt, parting the shirttails out of the way. Stephen was straining his briefs to their limits. On the very tip of his cloth-encased erection, there was a growing wet spot. I rubbed on that spot a few seconds before I stroked the entire length.

One of my favorite erotic past times is to stroke a man's erect penis through soft cotton. Thus I didn't realize I was making it unbearable for Stephen until he let out a painful "Di..." I looked up into his eyes to find him watching the obvious pleasure that was all over my face. While keeping eye contact, I slid his underwear down to join his pants. I slowly stroked him a couple more times until I felt the pre-cum. Knowing I didn't have much time left, I slowly lowered my head and licked those drops off, just like it was a lollipop. Stephen tangled his fingers in my hair and thrust his hips up, forcing his head past my lips. Wanting to set the pace, I pushed his hips back down on the seat. With one hand, I cupped his balls in a secure grip, using my other hand to hold the base as I engulfed him in one quick downward stroke.

I imagined Stephen closing his eyes and throwing back his head, since his tummy bumped the top of my head. He had a death grip on my hair and his moans were like music to my ears. I came back up his length very slowly, trying to memorize the feel, taste and texture of him. I kept up this pace for a few more minutes. Before I could swallow him again, Stephen thrust his hips up. Again I held him down, picking up the pace. This caused him to moan even louder. I felt a couple more drops of pre-cum so I picked up the pace even more, wanting to make him cum, dying for the taste of him. Suddenly, I felt Stephen's whole body tense. He bucked off the seat, holding my head down, letting out an "Oh Goddddd..." as he let loose with his orgasm.

After I swallowed the last drop and licked him clean, I came up to snuggle. We hugged and kissed lightly, while Stephen tried to get his breathing back to normal. We finally got ourselves into some sense of order, and I took us to Stephen's hotel. As we rode the elevator up to his room, we were groping each other like we did back in college.

After ordering a nice snack of German Riesling and chocolate covered strawberries, Stephen decided to draw a nice warm bath in the Jacuzzi tub. I could see him bend over the tub and was even more intrigued by the sight of his semi-rigid cock in the light of the bathroom.

I could feel my womanhood twitch slightly, and had an uncontrollable urge to just touch my clit and see if was as hard as it felt. I moved myself slightly towards the edge of the bed, and parted my legs slightly so that Stephen could see what I was up to.

My hands began to roam across my body, from my breasts down my belly, and finally to the thin patch of hair right above my clit. Just as I was about to touch myself, I could hear him slightly cough, snapping me out of my sensual state for a moment.

"I believe that's my job, ma'am," Stephen said in a mock tone, but tinged with high powered eroticism. "Follow me."

I watched for a brief moment as he turned and I could see his firm ass in the glow of the light from the bathroom. I got up from the bed and followed my lover into the bathroom. When I arrived, he grabbed my hand, and helped me step into the warm, bubbly water. As I got both feet into the water, I turned around and wrapped my arms around his shoulders, and pulled him close.

"Care to join me?" I asked him, already knowing that there was enough room for both of us to begin with.

"In a few," Stephen said, "I want to admire your body from here for a moment, if that's OK with you."

I slipped into the water, allowing its warmth to embrace me, taking some of the bubbles and strategically placing them over my breasts. While getting comfortable, Stephen sat down on the edge of the tub, his semi-erect cock rising slightly upward, one leg already in the tub.

He then stuck his hand into the water, and gently ran it across my left leg, up to my knee. The combination of the warm water, his hand, and the general electricity in the air, actually sent a cold shiver up my spine.

Stephen appeared to be searching for something in the water, but I didn't know what. I asked him what he was doing, and he told me he was looking for the sponge to wash my back.

"Mmmmm," was the only thing that came from my lips. "Going to clean off your dirty gal, are you?"

"No, I like you dirty, my love," he replied. "I just want to help you relax a little bit more."

Finally he found the sponge, and stood up to move closer to my body. His cock was no more than three inches away from me and it was all I could do not to take it into my mouth yet again.

For ten minutes, he bathed me with such tenderness, that I almost wept with joy. After he dried me off, he lifted me up, carried me back into the bedroom, and laid me onto the bed again.

My mind swelled with anticipation, wondering what Stephen had in store for me, since this evening had been all about surprises for both of us.

He stood up and reached over to the remote control on the bedside table. Making a few adjustments, the next thing I heard was Norah Jones on the speakers from the entertainment center.

Stephen then grabbed me and brought my hips to the edge of the bed, with him standing directly in front of me. He stared at me with intent love and admiration of my body, and at that moment I am sure that I if he asked for my soul that evening I would have gladly given it to him.

He then sat down on the edge of the bed with my feet on his shoulders. He started planting slow, tiny kisses on my ankles, then the inside of both legs. At the first kiss on my legs, I whimpered slightly, his warm mouth teasing me. His tongue created little circles on the inside of my knees, which caused my leg to slightly buckle.

Stephen was then right between my thighs, and planting even hotter kisses on my inner thighs. He teased me with those kisses, since we both knew his ultimate destination. Finally, I felt his breath just above my clit. Looking down, I watched him gently part my lips with his tongue, running it up from my asshole all the way to my clit, and then back to my ass.

I felt my ass clench as his tongue ran circles around my little bud. I moaned, parting my thighs a little more while raising my hips to give him better access. I could feel my pussy seeping juices from my lips, and onto his tongue.

My clit was so hard at that moment, I wanted him to eat it whole and just suck on it until I screamed from the orgasm. Yet, at the same time I didn't want him to stop teasing me. Dropping my hand from where it was tangled in his hair, I slowly massaged my clit. I felt Stephen stop for a few seconds to watch me playing with myself. With a low growl, he nudged my hand out of the way to suck on my clit hard. I got the hint and let my hand fall to the bed, letting Stephen have this moment.

He knew all the right spots to hit, and used the right amount of pressure at all the right locations, knowing when to be fast, when to be slow, when to use just his tongue, and when to use his whole mouth. After about 15 minutes of this exceptional oral lovemaking, I could feel the most earth-shattering orgasm of the night brewing inside me. I knew he could sense it too, since he then began to part my pussy lips with his fingers, allowing him better access to my soaking wet womanhood. His thumb was doing so many wonderful things in coordination with his tongue that I really wanted to cum right that instant.

I could sense my muscles tightening, my inner pussy becoming tighter as my walls wanted to release in orgasm. Stephen's tongue was doing many magical things that no one had ever done before, almost as if he had become one with my body. Just as I felt like I was about to release myself to orgasm, he stopped.

My body was in some sort of a state of shock, unable to believe or fathom what Stephen's next move would be. My mind was so out of sorts that I didn't know what to do, what to say. I'd almost slipped into some comatose area I'd never felt before.

Just as I whimpered and begged him to continue, Stephen started back onto my clit with renewed vigor - this time, slightly humming, his finger now rubbing the space between my pussy and asshole.

This combination of movements brought me to a new height never felt before. I was in some state of high that I don't think any alcohol or drug could have brought me to. For the first time in my life, I wanted to scream out my pleasure to the world.

The orgasm ripped through me as his mouth sucked on my clit and his finger began to push against my asshole. I don't know if I was screaming or not, but I felt as if my soul had left my body and risen above me, to see this whole scene from above.

I collapsed in a heap, almost hyperventilating, but in some state of unknown ecstasy, with Stephen's mouth planting kisses on my inner thighs and then up on my tummy.

Coming back down to earth, I opened my eyes and looked down to see that Stephen had rested his forehead on my belly. Placing my hands on his cheeks, I gently guided him to look up at me.

"Come here," I whispered while gazing into his eyes, letting him see all the emotions there.

Sliding his body along mine, I brought his lips to mine. I placed gentle kisses on his lips, the corners of his mouth, his chin, all over his face. Coming back to his lips, I lightly licked his bottom lip. Before he could capture my tongue, I moved to kiss his chin. With a deep groan, Stephen crushed me into the bed while capturing my lips for a deep French kiss. Sliding my hands into his hair, I poured everything into the kiss. The taste and smell of me on Stephen brought to mind an image of a cat that had marked its territory. I had the wild desire to mark his entire body.

Stephen broke the kiss and started to drop kisses on my neck and chest. One of his hands cupped my breast and started to massage it. I looked down just in time to see Stephen flick at my erect nipple. Before I could arch my back, he leaned down and started to suckle and bite my breast. Jolts of desire raced through my body as he worked his way over to pay attention to my other breast.

Against my belly, I felt how hard Stephen had become. Although the oral sex was mind blowing, I wanted this man buried so very deep inside me. Rolling us over, I crouched on all fours over Stephen's body. I leaned down to give him a kiss, rubbing my breasts on his chest, enjoying the sensation. I caressed one hand down to his erect nipple, where I pinched it lightly. Stephen let out a low moan, telling me his nipples were just as sensitive as mine.

Breaking the kiss, I moved back to capture his other nipple with my teeth, lightly nibbling on it. While I feasted on his nipples, I reached down to grab his cock. The head was coated with pre-cum and I used my thumb to rub it all over. I felt Stephen twitch and slowly started to stroke him. I lowered my hips a little so that I could take his cock head and rub it between my pussy lips, letting him feel how wet I was... again. Stephen grabbed my face and brought it back up to kiss me deeply as I continued to tease both of us.

When the kiss ended, I looked down to see Stephen looking at me. Taking his cock, I moved my hips down a little, taking barely an inch inside. Placing both of my hands by his head, I could only gaze in wonder at the desire I saw in Stephen's eyes and hoped he could see it in mine.
