 I sat on the fence watching Midnight prancing around the corral like the King he was, and rolled another smoke. What had I gotten myself into? Taking a poke with the boss lady, and her cook. That could get a man in real trouble if he wasn't careful. I took a deep drag and let it roll off my tongue, the taste of it lingering like one of Miss Millie's kisses. I looked over past the corral at the deep blue skies of Montana, the hills looked like they were close enough to hit with a rock, but I knew they were a two day ride from here.

I was wondering how the boys were doing, hoping like hell they weren't in any bad trouble. But I had my orders, like em or not, I had to follow them, or quit, and I liked it here, even more now. It's not every man that gets what I had the last few days. A raw pecker from so much sex, not that I was complaining, and neither was Miss Millie or Maria that I knew of.

Midnight came over to me and rubbed my jeans with his nose, always wanting some sugar or a good petting. I rubbed his face and he almost shoved me off the fence with his head trying to get more. I had to smile at him, lucky thing, he got more fillies than any horse on Montana I bet. A good Stallion was worth his weight in gold, and Midnight has some of the best blood running through his veins that money could breed into him.

I scratched behind his ears like he loved me too, then slid off the fence, shit I had chores to tend too. I went inside the barn and feed the mares stabled inside, then made sure the trough had plenty of fresh water. It was nearing time to eat so I went to the cook shack to see what Maria had going on the stove. Paco was sitting at the bench table snoozing, I don't know exactly what all he did around here, but it wasn't a lot. Maria looked at me and smiled, "Hello Senor Blue!"

"Howdy Maria, what's in the pot?"

"Stew today, and sweet cornbread!"

"Sounds great, I could eat a horse, and don't tell me that I will be Maria!" I grinned at her.

Her perfect white teeth showed when she grinned at me, and her laugh woke Paco up with a start. I had to laugh at him when he almost fell over. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and grinned at me, "Miss Millie asked me to take her to town this evening, so if I can go ahead and eat now Maria, I will be ready when she is." Paco told Maria.

Maria nodded her head yes, so he went and fixed him a big bowl of the steaming stew, then grabbed a huge chunk of cornbread. I watched him as he gulped it down, damn I was glad I didn't have to eat with him regularly. I glanced at Maria and she nodded her head to the pot, so I went and got me some also. This girl can cook, I was thinking to myself when she came over and sat by me. Her knee rubbing on my leg and her Dark Brown eyes looking into my Blue ones. 

I knew what she wanted, but we would just have to wait for that. I asked her for a cup of coffee and she got up to fetch it for me, her ass giving an exaggerated swing when she walked to the stove. I had a hard time not staring at it, but I was hungry, Miss Millie plumb near wore me out earlier. And now Maria was working on the same idea, Hell, If I got paid for it I wouldn't have to work for a month. But who ever heard of a man being a whore?

Paco finished up his meal and went to hitch up the buggy, he didn't say why Miss Millie was going to town and we didn't ask. A short time later I heard Miss Millie shut her front door, and I went out to help her in the buggy.

"I may be gone all night Blue, but I know you have things under control here. Mr. Roberts, my Lawyer has some papers I need to sign, for my late husbands Estate."

"OK Miss Millie, you take all the time you need, Ain't nothing going on here you need to worry about."

I saw her glance towards the Cook Shack, then back at me.

"No, like I said, You have everything under control here!" with a smile in her eyes, then I helped her up in the buggy.

Paco slapped the reins on the horses backs and off they went, the dust rising behind the wheels as they took off. I looked at the sky it didn't look like rain, even though we had been needing some, then I went to the bunkhouse and got my bottle of Rye. Sitting on the chair in front of the bunkhouse, I propped my feet up on the railing and took a big swig, damn, it sure felt good going down my parched throat. I sat the bottle by my side and rolled an after dinner smoke, when I lit it I saw Maria walking towards me. A smile on her pretty brown face, her white teeth showing behind the full red lips.

"May I join you Senor Blue? Or do you only have enough for yourself?"

"Sure Maria, sit right down and rest a spell." I passed her the bottle and watched as her lips wrapped around the top of the bottle, reminding me of how she wrapped those same lips around my thick pecker. She took a big drink, gasping when she finished at the stout taste of good Rye Whiskey. She passed the bottle back to me and I took a drink.

"So what do you have planned for tonight Maria?"

"Oh I was hoping you had some idea on how to entertain me Senor Blue!" Her browns eyes sparkled with a mischievous look in them.

"Well, I have been told I'm not that entertaining a person Maria."

"Oh but I know that not to be true, You are Very Entertaining to me!"

Then she leaned over and kissed me, her hot mouth pressed on mine and our tongues both tasted of the Rye Whiskey. I pulled her to me, almost causing us both to tumble from the chairs. We got out of the chairs and I followed her to her bunk room, it was nothing like the mens, hers had curtains and she had put some flowers in a jar to pretty up the place a bit. And it didn't smell of sweat and horse, it had a pleasant smell to it, more like cinnamon or some kind of spice, whatever it is, it sure smells nice.

She pointed me to the chair and then after I sat down she spread her legs and sat on my lap facing me. He long black hair flowed over her shoulders and down to my face when she bent over and kissed me. My hands went to her ass, feeling her tight muscles flex when I pulled her hips to me. She ground her ass on my crotch and I felt my pecker start to harden from the pressure she applied to me with her body. Her dress was hiked up her legs, and I ran my hands down her outer thighs down her calves, feeling the thick hair on them.

Maria was hot and I was happy to help her stay that way, I moved my hands up to her firm breasts feeling her nipples get hard when I gave them firm squeeze. Maria moaned her approval in my mouth and her hips shifted on my pants, she moved them the same way she did when she was giving me some the other night. Slow circles, and I could feel the heat coming from her hairy pussy. Her hands went to my head and was grabbing my hair in her warm soft hands. My face being pulled to hers as we kissed. 

I had to get up, my pecker was hurting from being so hard and at the angle it was in. She stood up and pulled her dress over her head, her hairy gash came into sight and her breasts popped out in the open. A slight droop to them, the dark brown nipples hard and poking out. My eyes glued to them, before I stuck one in my mouth, sucking it halfway down my mouth, her chest shoved to me in her own effort to have me swallow it. I did the best I could to take it all down, her breast pressed to my face, and she sat back down on my lap facing me.

My pecker lay aimed at my belly when she sat on it, her wet slit opened to let it slide on it, her hairy slit slick from her excitement. The heat was incredible when she moved her hips up and down, the thick curly hairs tickling my body when she moved. Her hips slid on me causing my pecker to be coated with the creamy juices she was creating inside her. My hands went to her firm butt, squeezing each cheek in my hands tightly, her mouth sucking my tongue down it hotly.

I wanted inside her now, and she did nothing to stop me when I picked her up and my pecker slipped to the hot wet entrance of her hairy slit. Try as I did I couldn't get it inside her, so Maria stuck her warm soft hand down between her legs and aimed it to her wet pussy. I shoved my hips forward while she sat down on me, putting it in a little deeper than either of us had intended so soon. Maria gasped, not expecting the feeling she got from me, and not being able to grow accustomed to it as slow as she needed.

I stopped my movements and let her catch her breath and finally felt her begin to move her hips on me. She raised her butt up and I felt my thick pecker covered with her wetness and the hairy slit opened wide gripping it tightly Maria slowly made circles with her wide hips, her moans escaped her lips as I filled her inner depths full of my hot hard meat! She began to move a little faster and I watched as her breasts began to bounce from her movements as she was hitting her clit on my pubic bone roughly. A smile crossed my lips from the look of pure lust on her face, Maria's dark eyes closed and her full lips pursed tightly as she ground herhips on me.

Her breathing was becoming deeper and sweat started to build up on her chest, shimmering in the afternoons light that came through the flowery curtains she had. I picked her up and stood with her back pressed against the wall, holding her ass in my hands as I started to give her what she wanted, a good hard fuckin'! 

"Aieeeee, Blue! Yes baby, give it to me hard. Oh yes, Yes!"

Her fingernails raked down my back in an all out effort to get every bit of my pecker inside her, and it worked as I tried to get away from the pain. Her teeth raked my shoulder as our sweat mixed on our belly's as they met with a smooth sliding, slick and sliding as I pounded her with all my weight keeping her pinned to the wall. My balls were now coated with her thick creamy juices, and I felt her tighten her inner muscles, grabbing at my pecker, trying to keep it from sliding back as I pulled away only to ram back in her roughly.

My finger instinctively went to her butt hole as I held her ass cheeks in my hands, and I felt the slick opening as I held her. I slowly stuck my fingertip inside her tight hot ass. A gasp escaped her throat as she felt the thick stub of my finger enter her virgin rectum. But she did not ask me to stop, in fact it seemed to excite her even more as I inserted more in her, up to my second knuckle. I could feel my pecker as it stretched her slick pussy, the thin layer of skin between her ass and slit the only thing between them. Her breathing became ragged in her passion, her hips bucking against me harder and harder. I could hear her pussy making a sloshing noise as I filled her and withdrew.

My free hand grabbed her thick dark nipple and squeezed it tightly, Maria cried out as the hard nipple was pinched and my thick finger assaulted her tight hot rectum. I felt her clit rubbing my pubic hair and it got slick from her wetness, her arms wrapped around my neck holding me closer as she could to her sweaty chest, her slick breasts sliding on my chest, our nipples against one another's as I slammed her back to the wall when I forced my hard cock inside her.

Maria came in buckets and her eyes closed tightly, biting her lower lip between her white teeth. I bit her on her dark skinned neck lightly and felt her pussy tighten even more so as I did. I could feel my spunk ready to blow, her legs up around my hips pulling me deeper inside her as I came. 

"Oh Blue, I feel it hitting inside me. Shit, it's so hot. Ugh, Ugh, I am, Yes, I am coming again Blue. Fuck me Blue, Fuck me hard, Now, yes like that hard Now!"

I did my best to give her all I could and not fall over taking us both to the floor in a heap, as my balls emptied my sperm in her. My hot breath on her sweet smelling neck, I grunted in her ear as I shot load after load in her hot honey pot. My legs were wearing out as I finished cumming, and I had to sit down, still holding her on my pecker and Maria kissing my face and eyes and mouth. Her hot tongue forcing its way inside my mouth and trying to pull mine out off my mouth as she dug for my tonsils with hers. Her dark brown eyes staring at mine like a woman in love, not just from having a massive orgasm, but more than that.

It kind of scared me, I don't need a woman falling in love with me. All that means is trouble, one way or another it always ends up trouble for me. Seems going to see a whore was the better way, all business and no feelings involved. But a hard pecker don't care where its getting it as long as its getting it.

Maria slowly raised off me, her wet pussy dripped our combined fluids on my thigh as she did. She saw what had happened and bent her head down and licked it off then cleaned my cock with her tender warm mouth, her hand slowly working my pecker up and back down trying her best to keep me hard. It was working!

Her mouth was hot, wet and eager to please me, Her dark eyes looked up into mine. Her long dark lashes, only adding to her sensuous appeal. My hands ran through her long silky hair as her face lowered on my hard shaft. I could feel myself doing what I did not want to, wonder what it would take to keep this woman. Not something I should be thinking, not with the life I had led, and the one I wanted to continue living. But this woman could sure enuff bring those thoughts out in a man.

Her hot breath blew on my wet shaft, down to my hairy balls, while her hand softly held them in the palm. Slowly squeezing them just right, her fingernails dragging under them in a way that was driving me insane with desire for her. I pulled her up off the floor, holding her tightly as I kissed her full sweet lips. They parted and accepted my tongue as I thrust it inside the wet cavern, her tongue attacking mine as she wrapped a leg around mine, pulling our hips together.

I stuck my calloused hand under her tight ass cheek, holding her warm crotch against mine. Feeling the think pubic hair on her pressing on my throbbing erection. Our hips sliding on one another's, her thick hard clit rubbing the tender underside of my shaft. I could take no more teasing, and carried her to the bed, laid her on her back and got between her legs. I slowly slid in her waiting wet pussy, her inner muscles grabbing tightly on my thick shaft. She always amazed me, Even though we had just made love not 15 minutes earlier, she was a tight as the first time we had done this.

I began to move my hips in a slow circular motion, feeling her inner walls as the smooth friction of her well worked pussy slid on one side of me then the others as I worked my cock in her. Maria's eyes were closed and her lips parted, I watched as the pink tongue ran along her upper lip The sight only making me hotter as I felt Maria began to orgasm, her long brown legs raised and wrapped around my waist, pulling me as deep inside her as she could force me. I pulled her shoulders downward as I thrust deeply, still going slowly, wanting her to enjoy every moment of this.

I could tell she was too! Her breathing was deep and ragged, when her eyes opened and they rolled in her sockets wildy. Maria cried out when her orgasm hit her fully. My ears filled with the cries of pleasure from her. Her moans grew louder in the room, and I could hear the smacking of my balls on the crack of her wet ass. All of this was bringing me closer to my own orgasm, and neither one of us wanted to delay it.

Maria urged me on, "Oh yes Blue, give me your seed! Fill me up with your hard cock. Don't slow down, Please give it to me Blue, make me cum again and again!"

I began to pump into her harder, her words only fueling my passion. I pumped as hard as I could into her tight slit, feeling my Orgasm as my hairy balls tightened up, pulling towards my stomach then emptying my seed into her womb with hot spurts. Her dark brown eyes closed as she came again, her breath coming in huge gasps. Her chest expanding and her breasts heaving as she came, humping my cock like she may never have another one.

We lay beside each other in her bed, our sweat drying on our bodies as we held each other close, her head on my shoulder and her long hair on my chest as our breathing slowed back to normal. I had my eyes closed and was almost sleeping when I felt her move to get up, she went to her table and got a rag, wet it from the bowl and came over and cleaned my sticky softening pecker off. I was getting a semi-hard on as she did, even though the water was chilly. She got me cleaned off then leaned over and kissed the head of my pecker. Then she went over and cleaned herself up and put her light calico dress on, with nothing on underneath it. 

I got up and dressed, gave her a small hug and went out to check on the animals to make sure they were secure and had water and feed It was getting on dark now, I walked around the Main house to see that all the doors and windows were closed, hoping against hope that we would get some rain soon. I was getting restless and wondered how the boys were doing with the troubles they had gone to take care of. Nothing I could do when I knew nothing of what was going on there, so no sense in worrying about something I could do nothing about.

I went over towards the corral and rolled a smoke on the way, lighting it up I took a deep draw on it. I watched as the smoke floated up towards the clouds as they lit up against the rising moon. I was leaning on the fence wondering if I had gotten in too deep here in the last couple of weeks or so. I mean, I did enjoy the sex I was getting, but who wouldn't? But knowing how maria and Miss Millie had started thinking towards me was getting me as nervous as a Whore in a Sunday School Meeting! 

I didn't need the complications of it all, Hell, I had always been a free man. With the few exceptions of jail time I had served here and there. But if a man was to get roped down, here was as fine a place as any to do it at. But still, the flighty part of me was screaming to pack and leave here before I got in too deep. It was a hard choice for a man like me to make. I dropped my cigarette butt on the ground, rubbed it out with my boot heel and walked towards the water trough to refill it with fresh water. I had drained it and was working the handle on the squeaky pump, tomorrow I would take it apart and grease it up, but it would do to fill up the trough for tonight.

I got it full and turned to go to the bunkhouse and saw Maria standing there watching me working. A smile across her beautiful full lips and her white teeth showing and her hands on her hips. 

"What are you smiling at woman?" I asked her.

"Oh, I was just thinking how nice it would be to have our own little place and having your supper waiting for you when you came in from doing exactly what you were doing." She smiled again.

"Ahhh! Well don't get your hopes up too far Maria, I'm not sure if I am ready for that just yet."

A dejected look crossed her face, and she twirled around and walked away at a fast walk. Damn, there I had gone and pissed her off, not really something I had wanted to do, But I wasn't gonna lie to her about how I felt. She knew I was a loner before she started up with me, so there was no reason for her to be surprised at my reply, hurt perhaps but not surprised.

I went to the bunkhouse, rolled my last cigarette for the night and lay on my bunk smoking it. I lay on my back watching the smoke rise from my lips and rethought my position here on the Bar MM, I was getting the familiar closed in feeling a man gets when things are getting a mite complicated in his love life.

I was in a deep sleep when I woke up from the sound of a horse being ridden at top speed. I jumped up and threw my pants and boots on, slowing only to throw my gun belt on as I hit the door running. It turned out to be Billy, his shoulder was bloody and he nearly fell out of the saddle as his horse stood there panting and covered in a thick lather from the long hard ride it had.
