 The butterflies in Marcia's stomach almost made her dizzy as she waited for David to answer his cell phone. She wondered if he would be as receptive now, as he had been on that deserted highway. Or, she wondered, would Sgt. Dave Sample of the Haven County Sheriff's Officer just think of Marcia as just yet another cop groupie—another fender lizard. 

Marcia's mind was spinning, as the phone continued to ring, then was picked up by voice mail. "Damn it. I don't want to leave a fucking message," she whispered through her teeth, as she ended the call. What Marcia had to say could not be left in the voice mailbox. Half of her worried that he would share the message with his buddies at some little coffee shop. The other half worried that he would just delete the message thinking that Marcia had been a mistake he should not repeat.

Marcia sat the phone back in the cradle beside the couch. She felt silly at that moment, almost pathetic. There she was sitting on the couch in a see-through, floor-length gown, five-inch matching blue mules and nothing else. She had spent too much time preparing herself for this man, Marcia thought. Her hair long, black hair had been teased so that it was full and wild. Her body had been scented in all the most strategic places. Yet, there she sat, alone on the couch, with only a rerun of Law & Order to comfort her.

Marcia sipped the last of the white wine she had poured for herself and thought about just changing into her comfy sleep shirt and heading to be with her vibrator. At least she would cum. It would not be nearly as satisfying as Dave Sample's cock pounding away in her, but it would be better than nothing. 

*****

The sound almost made Marcia drop the wine bottle, as she was putting it in the fridge. It was a loud WHOOP just outside her little house in the country. It was usually so quiet in this place. 

Marcia moved to the window and saw a police car parked behind hers. Rather, she thought with a bright smile, it was a Sheriff's Officer car—his car. Marcia almost ran to the door. The butterflies returned, and Monica gathered her wits about her at the door before opening it. As she did, she could hear Dave's heavy boots on the wooden porch, as he neared. 

When Marcia opened the door, she found Sample standing there in front of her in full uniform. The sight of him made her heart skip a beat, especially after their meeting and subsequent tryst on the side of the road. 

Grinning down at her, Sample asked in his deep voice, "You rang, Miss Granger?" 

Marcia giggled nervously then contained herself. Her own attitude came to the surface when she replied, "Yes, Lurch, I did. Miss Granger needs a good, healthy fucking. Do you know someone who might assist me with that?" Marcia's blue eyes sparkled, as she looked up with a wry grin at Sample. 

"Yes, Miss, I surely do." Without warning, Sample bent forward just a little and grabbed Marcia around the waist. Effortlessly, he lifted all 106 pounds of her onto his right shoulder and proceeded to carry her off down a hallway. "Your bedroom—left or right?"

Surprised to now be looking down at the view of Sample's ass beneath his shiny, black gun belt. Marcia paused a bit then said, "Umm, oh, right." At that, Sample slapped her ass playfully. It didn't hurt, but Sample had cupped his hand so it made a very audible pop. Marcia squealed at the sound.

Marcia felt Sample turn to his right. He carried her to her large bed and unceremoniously dropped her onto it. As she landed, legs spread, her hair fanned out under her head. The only light in the room was a small lamp on the nightstand. The effect of it left Sample darkened but visible to her, but highlighted Monica, as she lay there, ready—ready for him. His big, country boy grin faded, as he looked down at her. 

Looking up at Sample quizzically, Marcia asked, "Wha—what's wrong?" Marcia could not imagine what the problem might be, but hundreds of possibilities whirled through her head at that instant.

"Nothing. Nothing at all," Sample replied. His voice had softened. The sound of it seemed to embrace Marcia, as she lay there. Dave Sample had a voice that could touch a woman, Marcia mused. "My god, you are beautiful, Marcia."

Looking up at him, Marcia's voice became husky, needful, as she whispered, "Do you want me, David?" She reached down, as her eyes never left his, and slowly pulled her gown up her legs. Marcia watched Sample, as his eyes followed the slow retreat of filmy, powder blue material. Slowly, the hem slipped up past her knees and up her tanned, inviting thighs. She spread them wider, as the material gathered at her sex. Then, still watching him, she let her hand wander down to her sex. As her fingers deftly explored the folds of her pussy, she breathed, "Oh god, David. Oh god, I am so wet right now."

Marcia brought her knees up and pulled the material up to her flat stomach. The position gave Sample a view of her pussy and her smooth shaved mound. "David, I want you inside me. I want you all the way inside me." 

Marcia slipped two delicate fingers within the glistening folds of her pussy. Her pussy embraced them and molded to them, as she worked them slowly in and out. Her palm rubbed lightly on her clit, as she watched Sample pop the keepers on his duty belt, unbuckle it and slip it off. It dropped heavily to the floor. 

Marcia gasped, as Sample removed his shirt. He was wearing a skin-tight black t-shirt underneath. It clung to his body. As he peeled it away, she saw that his chest and stomach were muscular and well defined. It was the first time she was about to see her roadside lover naked, she remembered. The memory of that night both embarrassed Monica and aroused her. 

He kicked off his boots and removed his socks quickly, and his uniform trousers dropped to the floor. His body was exquisitely sculpted. Clad only in dark boxers before her, for an instant Marcia thought that David Sample might have been a god. When he removed them, Marcia saw that he indeed was.

Sample knelt on the bed watching Marcia, as her hands moved upon her sex. Her hand paused and she was about to remove it from her pussy, when Sample whispered, "Please, don't stop. I want you to cum for me. Cum for me while I watch, baby."

Marcia looked into Sample's steely gray eyes and did as he asked. His hands touched her, as she pleasured herself. His large hands lightly, ever so softly, stroked her inner thighs, as he watched. His breathing was heavy, becoming just as heavy as hers. 

Sample's fingertips pressed gently along the muscles of her inner thighs. No one had ever touched her like that. No one had ever really explored her. Then, she felt the softness of his lips on her flesh on her left inner thigh, just above her bent knee. Marcia wanted to grab his head and force his face to her drenched cunt, but she didn't dare. She was going to cum for him. Just like he had requested. And, it would not be long before she complied completely.

Sample alternated between left and right. Slowly, his lips moved closer to where her hand had begun moving more swiftly. Now Marcia's thumb had started circling her clit, as her other hand pinched and rubbed one nipple, then the other through the tight mesh at the top of the gown. Marcia felt her juices flowing in streams down the crack of her ass. The sound of her fingers moving in and out of her sex made an obscenely wet sound, but instead of being embarrassed by the sloshing, she was spurred on by it.

Marcia's eyes had fluttered closed. It was the instant of her compliance. Her back arched, as her tremors came shuddering into her. Waves of delicious pleasure crashed over her and engulfed her. As she came, she felt Sample's lips at her folds, and she removed her hand. With both hands in his short, dark hair, Marcia pulled his face hard to her flowing cunt. As she ground her cunt into his mouth, she rasped, "Oh yes, fucking drink, baby. Drink all you want."

Marcia felt his hands slide under her ass, as he held her in place. He licked and sucked at her juices voraciously. His tongue slathered over her and into her. Curling, flicking and twirling, it caused her to arch and cum quickly three more times in succession. Marcia had never been multiply orgasmic, yet here she was experiencing what she thought as only the stuff of exaggeration. 

Tears were streaming down the sides of Marcia's face, as the feelings of pleasure wracked her. Her thighs tightened around Sample's face. Ankles crossed over his muscular back. Then, in an instant, Marcia's pussy became so tender it hurt. 

Pushing Sample away in almost a frenetic gesture, Marcia shuddered as she spoke, "Holy shit, what the hell just happened to me?" She was trying and just barely managing to catch her breath.

Sample lifted up, back onto his knees, his cock bouncing and slapping against his belly, as he did. "I think you came," he replied with lips glistening brightly from Marcia's generously supplied nectar.

Laughing, Marcia offered, "Four times. I've never—four fucking times!" Marcia needed Sample's mouth on hers. Reaching up to him and pulling him down to her, Marcia kissed her lover hungrily. Her arms wrapped tightly around his neck. Sample's strong arms slipped under her and caressed her and pressed her breasts hard to his chest. Marcia felt his stiffness brush her thigh and leave a trace of precum on her flesh. The sensation made her moan deeply into the kiss.

Sample rolled onto his back pulling Marcia with him. He was such a large man, she thought. She imagined that she could curl up, fall asleep on his chest and dream to the sound of his beating heart. 

Marcia broke their kiss and sat up with her legs on either side of Sample's stomach. She could feel the very tip of his massive cock just barely touching her ass. Yet another streak of precum alit there. Sliding downward, she let her slit slip over his shaft and engulfed it wetly. She rocked a little, eliciting a growl from Sample's lips. 

Smiling down at him, Marcia lowered her lips to his left nipple. She was careful to maintain contact with his pulsing cock, as she flicked her pink tongue lightly on the small brown circle of flesh. Marcia felt Sample's immense hand on the back of her head in silent approval. With a soft smile forming at her lips, she bit the hardening flesh. Softly at first, then harder she pushed her teeth slowly into his flesh, though not quite breaking the skin. The hand at the back of her head held her tightly, as Sample's hips lifted and pushed the underside of his throbbing shaft at her folds. 

Lifting her lips from his nipple, Marcia brought her face over his. Peering down into eyes for which she could lose her soul, Marcia whispered, "Do you want my cunt, Sergeant Sample?"

A moan followed by a growled, "Yes, I want your cunt." That was all her lover could manage that was intelligible. 

Marcia reached down between them, her fingers slipping around as much of the base of his penis as they could encircle, she guided his cock into her. Slowly, Marcia settled down onto it. She eased down slowly, as she wanted to feel each bulging vein. Inch by Marcia impaled herself on his massive cock. Even as wet as she was, her walls strained to accommodate its girth and length in this position. Finally, she felt her ass settle on his pelvis, and it felt as if the head of his cock was pushing into her stomach.

Marcia had been so engrossed in taking Sample's cockflesh she had been unaware that his hands had now covered her round breasts. She had always thought C cups were large, especially on someone as petite as she, but she now felt positively tiny, as his hands completely covered her breast flesh. 

Moving her hips in a circular motion, she could feel his stiffness rub firmly against her walls. Her hands on his chest for support, Marcia rolled her hips over and over. She wanted him to need her always. She wanted to own his cock, his mind and his heart. She was falling in love with a man she hardly knew. In fact, their only two meetings had been purely sexual. The man could be married for all she knew.

Marcia began to wonder if this was just a booty call after all. Then she decided, as her cunt gripped Sample's cock tightly and released as it slipped up and down his shaft, that she didn't care. She cared only that he would keep calling. Though she would not admit it, even to herself, she was his whenever he might want her.

Each time Marcia lowered to the base of his cock, she could feel the head of it pushing at her cervix. Had he been even a millimeter longer or thicker, Marcia doubted she would have been able to take all of it. A perfect fit, she thought, as soft smiled coursing over her lips, as she rode him.

Sample's fingertips pinched and gently twisted Marcia's hard nipples. His breathing was faster now. Marcia knew he was close to filling her with his hot, slick sperm. She wanted it as deep as she could get it inside her womb. 

Leaning back, a hand reaching behind her to tease his filling balls, Marcia's undulating hips beckoned him to join her. Her own climax was fast approaching, as well. 

"Yes, baby, cum inside my pussy. I want to feel you spray deep in me, David."

"Oh fuck, yes I want to fill that cunt." Sample's hands gripped Marcia's hips, his fingertips pressed firmly into the flesh of her tiny round ass. He bucked up at her, lifting her knees of the bed. Marcia slapped her hands onto Sample's thick chest to keep from being tossed off his cock. Her nails pushed into the flesh just above his nipples. 

The pleasure-pain of Marcia's nails pressing hard into his chest sent Sample over the edge. As his cock sent his seed up his shaft and into Marcia like a fire hose, Marcia tensed and joined him in orgasm. She screamed out into the dimly lit bedroom, as she was once again over taken by pleasure. She found that she was screaming out his name.

As the last of her spasms subsided, Marcia collapsed onto him. Her hair splayed out about his chest, as she lightly kissed him where she had dug in her nails. In scant moments, sleep over took her.

Marcia awakened alone the next morning, her alarm sounding the beginning of a new day. She was rather disheartened when she saw that the other side of her bed was empty. As she was scolding herself for wanting any man as much as she wanted this one, he eyes glimpsed a sheet of paper on her nightstand. It was an invitation to dinner that night. With a soft smile, she headed off to the shower.