 I had been dating Amy a little while now and I couldn't seem to get enough of this girl. She had beautiful raven colored hair with natural curls, the biggest brown eyes, amazingly cute freckles across the bridge of her little upturned nose, an alabaster complexion, and the hottest lips on the planet (pre-Angelina Jolie era). She had turned 18 just weeks before we started seeing each other and I was only a couple years older, but I found her age to be a turn on. 

We had been talking about our different sexual likes and dislikes, our fantasies and the like in the weeks leading up to that afternoon. Amy was an adventurous girl for her age and she certainly knew what she liked. She was open to trying new things and today was no exception.

I was studying at my place when I heard a knock on the door. I opened it to see a fresh faced and beautiful Amy smiling there in a bright yellow, flowered, Summer dress the went to about mid-thigh. She was barefoot carrying her brown leather sandals with her. I liked that Amy was a free spirit, she embraced it and loved experiencing life as it came to her. 

"I wasn't expecting you until this evening! This is a pleasant surprise", I said. 

"I know...but I did it and I wanted to show you." She replied with excitement and a hint of nervousness.

"Did what?", I inquired not able to recall what she might be alluding to. 

"Its why I wore this dress silly, so you could see for yourself!" She laughed as she made a beeline for the bedroom.

When I got to the bedroom she was sitting on the bed leaning back on her elbows with her legs stretched out and crossed at the ankles. 

"Tell me what you think!" She smiled as she uncrossed her ankles and slightly spread her legs. 

I ran my hands from her calves up her thighs and began to lift the hem on her cute yellow dress. It was becoming obvious to me that Amy was honestly interested in really finding out what turned me on and doing it to enjoy the reaction. As I slid the skirt of her dress up to her hips she spread her legs revealing her gorgeous, delicate, and freshly shaven pussy. Amy was already dripping wet as could be seen from the slight glisten along her reddening lips. 

I looked up at her face and she smiled an ever so bashful smile asking, 

"Do you like it?"

"Do I? I love it, I want to taste it so badly I can't see straight." I said as I started kissing my way up her tender thighs. I took my time making my way to her smooth kitten. I wanted to enjoy the view, it was stunning. Amy had a perfect pussy. I'm not kidding, this was the kind of mound that women dream of being able to show off and I was just inches away from tasting it. 

I could feel her heat on my cheek as I got closer which only served to stiffen my cock even more than it was from the sight of her smoothly shaven box. As my nose filled with her scent I couldn't wait any longer. I traced the edge of her lips with my tongue from the bottom to the top teasing at her opening all the while. When I arrived at the top a second time I let my mouth envelope her clit for a moment. Not able to hold back any longer I plunged my tongue deep inside Amy getting a mouth full of her juices as she let out an intense moan and thrust her hips into my face. 

I took my time enjoying the way she tasted. The movements of her body as I slowly teased her body to climax over and over. I refused to stop until she begged for me to fuck her. Finally she demanded that I bury my cock in her soaking wet and swollen cunt. She didn't have to tell me twice! I tore my shirt of and scrambled out of the rest of my clothes.

I stood next to the bed and pulled her over to me sliding her legs on to my shoulders. Bringing the head of my cock to the very edge of her pussy lips I paused and made sure that I was taking a mental picture of every moment of what was about to happen. The head of my rod slowly, but easily parted her lips as Amy gasped. I watch every inch of my cock disappear into her welcoming and incredibly hot, shaven pussy. As I pushed deeper and deeper I could see her lips snugly wraped around me, straining to accommodate into the tight confines of her dripping cunt. With every inch of me finally inside her and my balls covered with her dripping lust I heard Amy grunt wantonly, 

"Fuck me, seriously, fuck me hard! I wanna be sore tomorrow!"

Play time was over. I drove the full length of my cock into Amy at a fever pitch filling the air with the smell of sex and the sounds of bodies slamming together. Amy rhythmically thrust her hips forward to meet me with every stroke making sure that she was stretched to her limit each time until she exploded one final time with the walls of her pleased pussy humming and pulsating around my rod. As Amy came she broke the skin of my arms with her fingernails and I managed one last deep thrust before I forced her cunt to overflow with the mixture of our cum that oozed out all over our bodies and comforter on my bed.

Exhausted we collapsed on the bed with a mutual glow and a thin layer of sweat on our skin. 

"I love the way you look shaved Amy....love it. Do you think you can keep your pretty little kitten that way all the time for me?" I asked her. 

She purred, "I wouldn't think of keeping it any other way now."