 After the bath, David wrapped Juliet in a large bath towel and then he proceeded to dry every last inch of her clean glowing skin. Laying her face down on the king sized bed he started to gently apply aromatic oil. Starting at her feet and working slowly up to her thighs using Bergamot oil. Changing to Lavender oil he started at he neck and shoulders massaging his way with this sweet smelling oil all the way down her back to the perfect globes of her bottom. 

The touch of his skill and gentle hands was so relaxing that Juliet nearly fell asleep.

David whispered almost just a gentle kiss that she might like to turn over and enjoy the same treatment to her naked on her front.

She rolled over; David was again enchanted by the beauty of her charms. As before he started at her feet massaging each toe then ball of each foot next he moved to the heels. Then taking more oil David kneaded and worked the knotted muscles of her calves and thighs; and as before he used the Bergamot oil. For Juliet's breasts and torso he changed to Nutmeg oil, which gave her the feeling of warmth and sense of well-being. With the application of the nutmeg oil she felt so wonderfully responsive to his touch, she looked at her nipples that had become so sensitive and erect. As the oil was applied to her tummy that too became inflamed with desire. 

Lower he worked adding some more Bergamot oil and he was soon rubbing oil into her Mon's Venus, she felt the urge run though her and knew the lips to her vagina were swollen with desire. Even as he was still massaging her she felt her first climax run through her, but still he did not stop. She wanted him and was begging him to enter her body again and satisfy her lust.

David eased her over, entered her from behind, and began by using long slow thrusts, Juliet was responding with every thrust by pushing herself back onto his swollen cock.

She came again and still demanded more from him which David was only too happy to oblige by turning her over and re-entering her. With her legs over his shoulders he continued to use long slow thrust of his pelvis. She responded again by thrusting her hips to meet his, with every push of his body. She could feel herself building up towards another climax. When it finally hit her it was like the flood gates had opened and just went on and on wave after wave of pure joy and pleasure swept over her body, she was totally unaware of the moans of pleasure she was emitting or the first shout as the first spasm hit her.

David stayed inside her for several more minutes before Juliet opened her eyes and with a smiled asked him if he would object to her being on top for a while.

This was something new to him and he allowed Juliet to straddle him then lower herself onto his erect penis. He pushed himself up to meet her and together they moved to each other until Juliet changed the tempo and began to ride up and down faster and faster. Her breasts bouncing in front of David's face in a blur of movement, and he being a gentleman placed both his hands onto the bouncing breasts even as he did so yet another climax ripped through Juliet.

She didn't stop coming this time but just sat on David as he pushed into her without moving his hips it felt to her that he was just twitching his hard cock in her but the movement was mind blowing after just a few movements she started to move her hips and once more started to ride herself onto him. Again he was holding her breasts stopping them from bouncing. Then she felt him get even harder and just as the tempo was built up again they climaxed together. Juliet collapsed on top of David unable to support herself. They stayed together like this for some time before David helped Juliet off him and laid her back to the bed she was totally spent and could only allow herself to be put to bed, she smiled up at David as he pulled up the sheet and quilt around her. 

He told her that he would return later, and she watched as he went into the bathroom to shower. She was asleep as he came out and never saw him dress and leave her alone while he went out for the first of his meetings.