 Author's Note: The first half of this story was written on scraps of paper while riding the LIRR. 

Amityville: The town that was home to the famed house of horrors was also home to a host of horny whores. 

Pete Vaugn sighed as closed the train doors and thought about his ex-wife Laura for the umpteenth time. It had been three months since she had left him for her boss (her boss!) and he still thought about her almost constantly.

"Hey!" a voice by the window to the driver's car called. Pete turned and saw a short, sexy brunette with long chocolate curls and scarlet lips peering into the window of the lead car. "Could you please open the door for me?" Pete sighed and pulled the lever.

"Thanks!" She darted into the train. 

The train started to move again and Pete resumed feeling sorry for himself. The girl again interrupted his thoughts, however. This time she was knocking on the door to the conductor's compartment. Pete flipped the train over to automatic, got up and opened the door. 

"Can I help you?"

"I think I can help you."

"Huh?"

"I owe you for opening the doors and keeping me from waiting an hour for the next train."

She opened her long white trench coat revealed a slim body with curved hips, and smallish breasts. She had a black skirt that came down to mid-thigh and a blue halter-top that she was reaching up and untying...?!

Pete's brain flashed back to the hundreds of pornos he'd seen over the years as he stared in disbelief. Pete wasn't a bad-looking guy but good enough that strange women stripped for him?

"Is this really happening?"

"You bet," the girl said. "I'm Emily."

"Pete," he said mesmerized by her bare breasts. 

"Hi, Pete. Do you like what you see?" she asked coyly as she caressed her left breast.

"What's not to like?"

Emily walked up to him and, coming up on her tiptoes, kissed him passionately. Still frozen by incredulity, Pete let her lips and tongue take over. Her mouth was spicy like cinnamon, her tough electric. She pressed her warm body against his and Pete felt his cock stiffen uncomfortably in his jeans. She pulled back slightly and reached down to slowly caress his bulge through his pants. 

"Pete, can this thing drive itself?" For a moment he thought she meant his cock, but then she realized she was speaking of the train. 

"Yeah, mostly. Why?"

"Cause you're going to be far too busy to drive." She started to undo his pants. 

Mesmerized, Pete allowed her to pull them down to his knees. He felt silly standing there with his erection tenting his boxer briefs but he certainly wasn't going to stop her.

Emily pulled down the front lip of his boxers down and allowed his aching cock to spring free. She wrapped a small hand around it and began to slowly stroke his hot shaft. 

With a smile, Emily looked up at him and said, "Very nice."

"Ah... thanks."

She let go of his cock, placed her palms against the front of his hips and gently pushed him backwards. He felt the back of his knees hit the leathery seat and allowed himself to plop down on it. 

Emily knelt before him and lowered her warm, wet mouth around his cock eliciting a sigh of pleasure. Pete reached down with his right hand and held the back of her neck gently as she bobbed up and down on his dick. He closed his eyes and titled his head back. 

Leaning on his lap with her right arm, her right hand held the base of his shaft sliding back and forth as her mouth did keeping constant stimulation along the whole length of his shaft. Her left hand reached down and caressed his balls pressing on his chode. 

She slid her silky lips back so that just the head of his dick was in her mouth. Her tongue wriggled back and forth under the head and moved up, teasing his piss-slit and as she pulled her mouth back further a strand of saliva and precum connected her mouth to his dick. 

"Hold on a sec, Pete." Emily stood up, turned around and bent over. Her crouching position before had caused her skirt to ride up and Pete grinned watching her bend over. He could see her round white ass divided by a black thong as she was bending over fumbling with her jacket. 

"Aha!" She said triumphantly, standing up. She held a condom in her right hand. "What do you think, about this, Pete?"

"Looks good to me."

"And what do you think of me?"

"Why, I think you're about the nicest girl I've ever met!" He wasn't really sure what she wanted from him.

Emily pouted slightly thrusting out her lower lip. "Don't lie, Pete. Nice girls don't have sex with strange men on trains... So unless you don't want to fuck me... tell me what you really think."

"Well..." Pete hesitated. He didn't want to offend her but he realized that she was fishing for this: "I think you must be some kind of crazy, horny, whore."

Emily sighed slightly. "Oh? Tell me more," she commanded ripping open the condom.

Pete grinned excitedly. He had always wanted to treat a girl like whore but no girl he'd ever been with would ever go for it. This was his chance to live out his favorite fantasy. "You fucking slut. You're so desperate to get a cock slammed into that hot cunt that you will do it with anyone, huh?"

"That's right, Pete. Tell me what you think of me. I want you to treat me like a filthy slut." She drew in a deep, shuddering breath and bent over to roll the condom over his cock.

He felt his disbelief fully recede to be replaced with confidence. She was asking him to take over. And he was happy to oblige.

Pete reached forward and slid a hand between her legs. "Spread 'em, slut. I wanna feel your slutty pussy." He pulled aside her thong and slid his middle finger into her cunt, slick with juices. With his thumb he rubbed her hard clit.

"Nasty girl. You're so fucking wet. You excited about having my cock in your slutty little cunt?" Emily nodded. "Tell me how much you want my cock," he commanded, sliding his index finger into her hole. She got wetter the nastier he spoke to her. 

"Oh, god, finger my dirty hole. I'm so wet thinking of your cock. Please, please fuck me hard. I need it so bad!"

Pete whipped his fingers out of her pussy and shoved them in her mouth force-feeding her her own cuntslime. With his other hand he roughly groped her breast. "Like, how your cunt tastes, huh slut?" Emily nodded, sucking his fingers sensually. Pete thrust his fingers into her mouth harshly forcing her to gag slightly. He pulled his hand from her mouth and slapped her across the face. "Atta, bitch." 

He grabbed her other breast with his free hand and groped both her breasts roughly. Meanwhile he kicked off his pants and boxers so they wouldn't get in the way. "Take off your clothes, skank." 

As Pete mauled her breasts, Emily pulled off her skirt, top and thong. She tossed them on top of her jacket and stood before him. He grabbed her by the nipples and yanked her toward him. "Climb up on the seat whore," he ordered yanking her nipples up roughly before releasing them. Emily got up on the seat standing over him, one foot on either side of his lap. She started to crouch down over his dick but he stopped her by shoving his fingers in her pussy. 

"Hold on, whore. I know that you can't wait to get some dick in that hole but I want to get a better look at that cunt, first." With the hand that wasn't fingering her, he reached around and grabbed her ass. He pulled her pelvis towards his face. Then he smacked the inside of her thigh. "Get this leg up so I can get at that hole." 

Emily put her foot up on the back of the seat and he inhaled deeply the scent of her hot pussy. He pulled his fingers out of her pussy and held his hand up. "Clean my fingers again, hole." Emily bent down and sucked his fingers for a moment but he pulled it away from her after a few seconds. Then he wrapped both hands around her holding an ass cheek in each hand. He leaned forward slightly and brought his mouth to her pussy. 

Pete lapped at her soaking cunt, savoring the sweet tastes of horny, young pussy. He slithered his tongue inside her and grinned into her fleshy hole as he felt her shuddering above him. He slid it out again and flicker her clit with it. Then he wrapped his lips around the little nub and sucked on it. Pete felt her legs start to twitch slightly and by her moaning knew that Emily was close to cumming. So he pulled off her. 

"Please, I wanna cum!" she pleaded. 

"I don't think so, bitch. No cumming for you. Not unless your cumming on my cock. Get down here and stuff that hole."

Emily pulled her leg down and started to lower herself again. This time he didn't stop her and held his dick to guide it into her hole. Finally he was fully in her. "Oh, god," she sighed, closing her eyes as she settled onto his cock. She was still for a moment, savoring the full feeling in her pussy but Pete reached down and pinched her clit. 

Emily's eyes opened wide and she gasped. "Get to work, bitch. Fuck yourself on my cock." He released her clit and put his hands under her to help her move up and down. "Come on, you dirty bitch. Ride my cock. Work my prick like the nasty fucking hole you are."

As she bounced up and down on his dick, Pete started to work a finger into her puckered asshole. "Oh, yeah, finger my ass!"

"Fucking slut! Show me how much you love how my prick feels in your pussy! Cum on my cock!" Emily moaned loudly. "Come on, bitch. Cum for me!" She started to bounce harder on his dick, coming down hard and forcing it deep into her pussy. "You foul little skank, fucking strange men, desperate to have her hole filled, CUM!"

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" she groaned into his ear. He felt her whole body shudder and her cunt tightened on his cock. She writhed on his cock as she came.

Pete let her be still for a few seconds. He slid his finger from her ass and allowed her to catch her breath. Then he grabbed a handful of her hair, pulled her off his cock and shoved her to the floor. She lay on her back, her body glistening with sweat, legs spread, pussy red and swollen. He stood up and stood over her. 

"Want more, bitch?"

"Oh, god, yes! More!"

He pressed a sneakered foot to her pussy and ground it against her hole roughly. "Nasty, little slut. Can't get enough, can you?" She shook her head. "Turn over, skank."

Emily rolled over onto her hands and knees and thrust her ass out, wriggling it invitingly. But Pete walked around in front of her and crouched down before her. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head up so she was looking at him. "Tell me what you are."

"I'm a nasty little slut who needs to be fucked. I need a hard cock fucking my dirty cunt hard. I need to feel you deep inside me. PLEASE fuck me!"

"Get your face on the floor. Get down in the dirt where you belong." Emily pulled her arms around and rested her head on them. Pete grabbed her hair and yanked her head up again. "I said on the floor, you stupid bitch. I want you face on the fucking floor!" He kicked her hands out of the way and shoved her face into the floor. then he yanked her head to the side so that one cheek rested on the floor. 

Pete stood up and placed his foot against her turned up cheek holding her down. "This is how you need to be treated, bitch. You need to controlled, put in your place." He was almost surprised how easily he was taking to treating her like a whore and controlling her. 

Pete pulled off his t-shirt and tossed it aside. "Now, I'm gonna fuck you like a little bitch. Cause that's what you are. You're just some dirty bitch whose purpose in life is to provide a hole for men to fuck. Now, tell me what you are."

"I'm a dirty hole. I have no other purpose except to be a slut to men. I live and breathe sex and it's all I'm good for."

"Ask me to fuck you like a bitch."

"Fuck me like a bitch."

Pete leaned forward and smacked her hard on the ass. "You didn't say please, hole."

"Please fuck me like a bitch! Please, please, please!"

"Good, bitch." Pete pulled his foot off her face and walked back around behind her. He knelt on one knee and gripped his cock with his right hand. With his left hand, he smacked her ass a few times, turning it an inviting red. Then he leaned forward, lined his dick up with the entrance to her cunt, and slammed it deep into her. 

Emily's body slid forward a few inches. "Stupid bitch!" He smacked her ass. "Brace yourself against the wall so you don't move away from my dick." Then Pete gripped her ass roughly with each hand and started to fuck her in earnest. He slammed his dick deep into her hole, pawing at her ass. He stared down the slope of her back and saw her face resting on the floor. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her lips were slightly parted. The corners of her mouth were slightly turned up into a faint smile He could tell she was loving his rough treatment. 

"You like this, bitch? You like being fucking like a little bitch?" Emily didn't answer so he slapped her ass again. "I asked you a question, slut!" 

"Oh, yes, I love it! I love being treated like a bitch," she moaned. 

"That's right, whore, you like it. You love having your nasty hole stuffed with cock. Tell me what you love!"

"I love the way your hot cock feels in my pussy! Fuck me hard!"

"Good, bitch." Pete was silent for a moment, enjoying the sound of his balls slapping against her clit. Then he leaned forward and grabbed her hair again. He yanked her head up, forcing her to arc her back. He pulled her hair in rhythm with his thrusts and used it to get his cock even deeper in her. "Come on bitch, get it in there nice and deep. Just like you need it."

Pete could feel that he would cum soon so with his other hand he reached around under her and started to rub her clit. "Like that, slut?"

"Yes," she grunted.

"Yes what?"

"Yes I like it!"

"That's it bitch." He could feel her cunt tightening on his cock again as her orgasm approached. "Come on, Emily, you filthy little whore. Squeeze the cum from my cock! Beg me to cum!"

"Please cum! Please cum in my pussy! I wanna feel you cumming in me!" Emily started to cum on his dick.

Pete took a deep breath and thrust his dick as deep into her as he could. His cum exploded out of him filling up the condom. 

Pete collapsed on top of her and for several minutes he lay on top of her. The two of them were sweat-soaked and panting. He felt his dick softening inside of her and he pulled out of her. "Slut," he whispered in her ear. 

Pete stood up and looked down at his cock. Emily rolled over and grinned at him. He didn't want to let her go. He started to roll off the condom when another idea came to him. 

"Shame to let all this jism go to waste." He tied it off and swung the satchel of splooge soaked with slick juices from her pussy back and forth. Emily's eyes watched it. She must have sensed they weren't through because she started to rub her pussy. 

Pete knelt between her legs and pulled her hand away. "Play with your tits, whore." Emily reached up and started to rub her breasts while Pete slid two fingers into her cunt. She was soaking wet. He slipped a third finger into her hole and worked his hand back and forth, vigorously fingering her. 

"Your skanky hole is all loose and sloppy," he commented. It wasn't loose actually but it certainly was sloppy with pussy slime. He took his fingers out of her and reached up and fed them to her. "There you go, bitch. Now what am I going to do with this nasty scumbag?" He swung it back and forth, slapping it against her pussy. "Oh I have an idea. I'll just put it somewhere nasty!" With that, Pete shoved the tied off condom into her pussy. 

"Oh god!" Emily cried. Her hands flew down to her pussy to rub her clit, clearly turned on. Pete smacked her hands away, however. 

"I don't think so, slut. You need to clean off my cock." He grabbed her hair once more and pulled her to her knees. "Get to work," he said shoving her face to his dick. 

Emily opened her mouth and took his cock. Shoving the cum-filled condom into her slutty hole had turned him on enough to get him almost all the way hard again and it wasn't long before he was fully erect once more. Using her hair, Pete guided Emily's face back and forth over his prick. 

"That's right bitch. Use your hands, too. Massage my balls a little. Yeah... that's it. Get it nice and clean. My dick is all dirty from your cunt. Lick it all over." Pete smiled down at her as he enjoyed his blowjob. He pulled it out of her mouth and smacked her face with it, getting precum and saliva all over her face. He rubbed it over her face before he shoved his cock back in her mouth. "Come on, bitch. Suck my dick."

Pete pulled her off his dick again and looked her in the eye. "Beg for my cum, skank."

"Please give me your cum. I want to swallow all your delicious cum!"

"You got it, slut." Pete shoved his dick all the way into her mouth, and grunted as he shot another load in her mouth. He held her there as she swallowed his cum. Then he reached over and grabbed the microphone for the intercom. With his cock softening in Emily's mouth he announced the arrival at Penn Station. 

"Time to go, whore," Pete said, shoving her off him. 

Emily looked up at him desperately. "Please, I need to cum!" 

"Sorry, honey, but you owe me. Everything before was what you're slutty body craved. Now you're going to give me something to really repay me. You don't get to cum. Get dressed. And don't even think of taking out that condom." He felt a little guilty denying this girl who had been so kind a final orgasm but he really didn't have time and this felt appropriate. 

Emily looked like she wanted to protest but Pete had already turned and started to get dressed again. When he turned back around she was tying her halter-top. He reached up under her skirt, pulled aside her thong and shoved a finger into her. He felt around, making sure that she hadn't pulled out the condom when he wasn't looking. She hadn't. He pulled out his finger, and wiped it across her face. She still had precum and saliva drying on her face. 

"Put your jacket on, whore. I'll walk you to the subway." He wanted to make sure that she didn't stop in a bathroom to clean up before that. Emily pulled on her jacket and allowed Pete to escort her from the train. Before they parted ways, she gave him her number.