 (This story is real except for the names. It took place on September 1985. This is my first story ever and I hope you'll like it.)

I dry docked my 28 footer in Perama west of Athens, packed my clothes and started my journey to Amsterdam to join a nice Dutch woman I met while sailing the Greek islands. 

It was going to be a long and boring train - ferry - train ride of about three days until I reach Maud in Amsterdam.

I hadn't have sex in the last two weeks and was quite horny from the sea breeze and the Mediterranean sunny atmosphere. 

Sailing the Aegean Sea mostly in the nude and without a partner to put the fire off leaves one with charging sexual energy. Being sexually charged always radiates to where it is being expected.

Sitting on the Greek train from Athens to Patras, I started to get horny and get a partial erection from the train movement that made my penis rub on my pants (too hot to wear underwear). Across the aisle there were sitting two young women in their early twenties who spoke German.

I started a conversation with them and was immediately attracted to Erika who had a strong glitter in her eyes. I sensed sexual desire from her but couldn't do anything about it, but to tell myself that I missed another chance to explore the female sexuality. From the looks she gave me I could imagine she felt the same. From our conversation I understood we were taking the same ferry to Brindisi in Italy, where we were suppose to take the train to Milan, Where we suppose to change trains. They to Germany and me to Holland.

When the train reached its destination, we found ourselves getting the tickets together to the ferry, going to the top deck to find a place to spread our sleeping bags to get some sleep during the night passage to Italy. 

To my disappointment the deck was lit up with strong deck projectors and was full with young backpackers going back home. Besides that, Monika, Erika's girlfriend was glued to her and it looked like it was impossible to get to talk to Erika alone and see if we can have something going on between us to spice up our common route. The three of us conversed till late.

I was telling them on my sailing trip in Greece, which was mostly in the nude, and they told me about nude beaches they had visited and enjoyed tremendously. You should know that most people regard nude bathing in Germany as very natural, so we all didn't have any inhibitions talking about it. It was getting chilly, so the three of us kissed goodnight and entered our sleeping bags and after a while fell asleep.

Next morning we woke up when the ship entered Brindisi harbor. After having a thorough customs check mostly for drugs, we went to buy our train tickets. We found out that we have a train ride together until I change in Bologna in the middle of the night. 

I thought to myself that there is no more chance to get to know Erika in the physical sense, so I tried to enjoy the company and make the most of it. We had early dinner together in a small Pizzeria and went to the train that was supposed to depart at 8 p.m.

The train was extremely crowded, as it was early September and there were a lot of young Europeans going back home at the end of their summer vacation. We managed to find empty sits in a cabin of six with two triple sits facing each other. Erika found herself sitting beside me, and Monika took a seat on the opposite bench. In the cabin there was an Italian family of father, fat mother and their teen-age son.

With the whistle blow the train started to gain speed and we were starting to move in our sits to the rhythm of the train. After about an hour of small talk in the cabin people went quiet with the monotony of the train movement, so I closed the sliding cabin door, took a blanket from my bag and turned the lights off. I positioned myself back near Erika, covered the two of us and made sure our bodies were touching each other. Without saying anything she put her head on my left shoulder making herself comfortable.

Slowly, very slowly, in order not to attract any attention from the rest of the passengers, I slid my hand from my thigh to Erika's thigh and met her reassuring hand that led me to her pants' zipper. I opened the zipper slowly and felt the warmth of her soft hairy triangle through her panties. Erika moved slightly under the blanket to give more room and gripped with both hands my exploring hand as if she was telling me to listen to her guiding hands.

I put all my senses into my exploring fingers and moved slowly to feel the meeting lines between her thighs and her Venus hill. There was already a wet spot in her panties. The train movement helped me gently massaging her hairy triangle while getting manual feedback from both her hands which where pressing my arm and releasing it whenever she wanted to change the rhythm of my hand movement.

I felt it was time to dare a bit more as the rest of the passengers didn't seem to notice what was happening under the blanket. I slid my hand under her panties to continue my fleshy train ride and let my fingers feel the wetness that was dripping from her now swollen outer labia. My fingers where feeling each labia separately causing her fingernails to dig into my arm flesh and her love triangle to contract under my touch. I slid my middle finger along her love canal slit till I reached her anus were I was greeted by a strong anal contraction that felt like a welcome hug, followed by relaxation and another nail digging into my exploring arm.

I closed my eyes and let myself imagining my eyes were at the tip of my fingers watching closely where I was treating my silent lover. I got all excited from the situation and was starting to get a real hard on that was pressing against my pants. 

Erika did not remain passive for long and started her own journey to my zipper, opening it and letting out almost unheard surprised gasp when she met my erect wand as there were no underwear to deal with. She gave me a little appreciating smile and started to massage my erect shaft.

After having a short break to enjoy her treatment I returned to her engorged clit, massaging it gently like having endless turns in a round about with the traffic and against the traffic and never going to exit. I started to feel her tension building, so I moved away from her clit dipping my finger into her love canal sliding deeper till I felt her goddess spot and came to a rest. Her G spot was waiting to be caressed.

She was reacting to my gentle massage by contracting and releasing her vaginal wall around my finger, synchronizing perfectly with my tiny little movements that were building her sexual energy another step higher towards an inevitable orgasm. All that while my horny shaft was being treated and cared for with respect and plenty of TLC as conditioned allowed.

I was coming closer to my climax too, but was far behind her now almost rhythmic uncontrolled spasms that were getting more and more intense as were her finger nails that were digging into my exploring hand. I started to slow down my movements a little so she wouldn't explode and felt her reassuring grip of my finger by her love muscles telling me I was doing the right thing.

A few minutes later she started to ride a "train" of tiny orgasms that I kept feeding with my finger. Her orgasmic trip was slowly getting more and more intense till I felt my finger was locked in place by her constant contractions and the look in her eyes told me she must be left to ride the wave by herself. I stopped moving my finger and stayed inside her respecting her silent wish.

When she was starting to relax the cabin door was opened aggressively and the lights went on by the conductor who was asking impatiently for "billetti" (tickets) to be checked. With our pants still opened we searched under the blanket in our pockets and held out the tickets, dazzled by the lights like the rest of the cabin passengers, who woke up from their sleep.

The conductor announced that we would arrive at Bologna Centrale in ten minutes where all passengers to Germany should step to the first eight wagons as the train will be separated and the wagon, which we were in, will continue to Milan.

We harried to zip our pants trying to look inocent, hardly having any time to look into each other eyes to exchange some looks that would say thank you, or that we liked the small affair we shared together. Erika took a small piece of paper and gave me her address in Germany, while I was giving her mine in Holland, were I was supposed to stay. 

I didn't reach my orgasm and my shaft was still demanding, but not getting any treatment again. My next release was a big one with Maud in Holland, but this is another story.

At the end of October I received a letter from Erika that started: "Sitting by the fire sipping from a glass of hot spicy wine I remember our train ride..." In the letter she invited me to visit her in Germany. I gave it a deep thought and was almost tempted to do that, but an inner voice told me some things are best for the time they happen and should be kept that way in order to maximize the experience. 

After sixteen years I think I was right, as the memories are still fresh like they happened today.

Friday 20 April 2001.