 Many people would think that the fitness industry is full of gorgeous people getting sweaty. That beautiful bodies abound and lust fills the air on a regular basis. After a couple of years as a fitness professional, I found neither of these things to be true. True, there were some times when a jaw dropping woman was wandering around a gym in tight spandex with hard nipples. More often than not, however, it turned out to be overweight or elderly women who simply wanted to lose some weight and feel better about themselves. Early on in my position I learned that it was not all about glitz and glamour, but more about helping people reach their health goals and feel better. 

After college graduation I quickly found myself in need of another part time job to supplement my income, so what better than personal training? Hourly rates are excellent and the only problem is that you tend to work when other people don't. Since I live in a large city finding a gym was not the problem. I quickly found a small gym that was looking for a trainer and applied. The owners were a middle aged couple, one a former professional boxer and the other a woman in her forties who was straightforward about business practices. I clicked with both of them immediately and they decided to hire me on a part time basis. 

My first few weeks at the gym were spent working out and making myself noticeable to the members in order to recruit clients eventually. Giving tips around the machines, being friendly and introducing myself to many people. I also taught a couple of group fitness classes and one seminar. Since I have worked out regularly for years, I have a good build that is big without being imposing, and I find that while people respect my physique, it is not intimidating so people feel comfortable approaching me. My goal has always been to look like a statue, with perfect proportions. I'm not sure if I have achieved my goal, but I'm very happy with the way that I present myself as an example. I have no problem getting laid, but was more focused on my work than anything else. 

Most of the members at this gym were thirty and fortysomething young professionals. The only problem I always had when working out was that there was very little eye candy walking around. One of the instructors was very good looking and there were a few members that I loved to see working up a sweat, but they were all married. Of course, I was never one to mix work and pleasure together anyway, it was just a way to keep my fantasies active. I had always thought there was no problem until one fateful afternoon. 

I had a "program orientation" booked that afternoon for a new member. It is an hour we spend taking a new member around and showing them how the equipment works. As soon as I greeted the young woman who had just joined the facility I had a hard time tearing my eyes away from her. She was about thirty, very thin and athletic looking (which I find incredibly attractive) with small, pert breasts contained within a blue tank top and wearing tight yoga pants. Her pants outlined the beautiful curve of her ass up to her abs, which actually showed. There was barely any body fat on her. Short blonde hair and piercing blue eyes completed the mix. She was so gorgeous I instantly became nervous and started to stutter as we introduced ourselves. I couldn't tear my eyes away from hers. 

"Hello there, my name is David and I'll be doing your orientation today" I said with a smile in my voice. I was really looking forward to the next hour I would be spending with this goddess. 

"Hi there, my name is Corrine." 

"Well Corrine, why don't we head into the office and have a chat. I always like to sit down with new members and discuss goals first and then get to the workout."

"Sound great!" She smiled and I felt a twitch in my lower half. It was really hard not to stare at her body. I could tell I wasn't the only one when several male members walked by and did a double take as well. I focused on keeping my eyes locked above her neck. Following me into the back office, she sat down beside my desk. As she looked around, my eyes wandered slowly down her long, graceful neck to her breasts and down her abs to the space between her legs. It was all I could do to not bury my face between her legs and inhale deeply just to taste her scent. This woman was incredibly sexy. 

We went into the office and made the standard small talk. I found out she was a real estate agent and a former dancer for many years. She had gotten away from the gym for a couple of years and wanted to get restarted but wasn't sure where to begin. She was very easy to talk to and the more we talked, I found myself even more attracted to her. As a trainer always looking for new clients, I began my sales pitch.. 

"Well Corrine, I always recommend to people getting restarted to have a couple of personal training sessions to help them figure out where they are starting from. Sessions include a full physical assessment and a program designed specifically for your body. Since you have experience our orientation today won't do you a lot of good, but investing in a few sessions will really help you get started on the right foot." Plus, I thought to myself, it will give me lots of time to put my hands all over your gorgeous body and see you mostly naked once a week. 

"Actually, that sounds like a great idea." She said, smiling. "I would like to have someone really take care of me over the first little while." I almost thought she was flirting for a second, but she had mentioned a husband during our talk together and was sporting a rather large diamond on her hand. Imagining having one on one time with this woman had me greatly excited and I booked our assessment date right away. At home that night I pictured her in my mind while masturbating feverishly. 

When she walked out of the change room for our assessment a few days later I was eagerly awaiting her. She was wearing a sweatshirt and tight gray pants, and every curve was again visible. She smiled at me in a coy way that I noticed the first time we met. Again, we headed into the office for her assessment. 

"So, how have you been lately?" I asked to break the ice and get to know her better.

"Actually, quite stressed out. I'm hoping you will put me though my paces today!" She said, laughing. "One of my houses may be falling through and it is a large deal that has kept me very busy lately. I'm looking for a bit of stress release." I thought I detected a flirtatious tone in her voice but had to remain professional. We chatted a bit more while I took some posture and balance notes. She was amazing – funny and outgoing. I thought to myself that if she weren't already married I would have definitely asked her out. 

"Well, let's begin with your measurements and body fat assessment. Have you ever had this done before?" I asked. "Because I want you to know that if you feel uncomfortable with anything that I do to just let me know."

She smiled. "So I need to take my clothes off now?" I had to hold my breath in and managed to nod slightly without giving away the fact my voice was about to break. She slowly peeled off her sweatshirt, revealing a tight blue sports bra that left little to the imagination. Her small dime sized nipples were clearly visible through the Lycra material. I turned around to find that she had stripped off her pants as well leaving her in the sports bra and a pair of tight black shorts. Taking a quick glance there were no visible panty lines. Her muscles were firm and hard as she stood in front of me. 

I almost dropped my tape measure. It was a good thing I was wearing baggy pants because my cock instantly started to harden with images of stripping her completely naked flashed through my mind. I started her measurements but my hands were shaking with desire. I noticed that every time she had to raise her arms she placed one or both of them on my arms and wrapped her hand around them. After a couple of times she began to lightly squeeze and stroke my upper arms with her small hands, which didn't help my arousal go down. By now I was thinking either she was as turned on as I was, or she had really poor balance! But I couldn't do anything of course - I had to remain professional. 

After her measurements I had to begin her skinfold measurements, which requires pinching areas around the body to find fat levels. I shut the door before starting this so that nobody could walk in. I wanted to take advantage of the time to touch her as much as possible. 

"Since some of the skinfolds I take are in areas covered by your bra, I may have to move it around for some of them, okay?" I asked normally...some clients had a problem with it or didn't feel comfortable. 

"You have me at your mercy." She said again in that wonderful flirtatious tone. 

My first measurement was on her chest, and it was the hardest one to get. To say her breasts were spectacular is a massive understatement. I prefer smaller breasts, and her B cups were ideal, with small nipples that were at this point rock hard. My penis started to get even harder and I had no idea what was going to happen next. I tried to pretend that there was nothing wrong and proceed with my testing while joking around with her, but it was almost impossible. I knew she wanted me, and I wanted her too. She was starting to breathe harder and kept gazing straight into my eyes as I avoided staring at her incredible body. When I got to her hip measurement I pulled her shorts down slightly and she gasped. She was definitely not wearing any panties. This incredible woman was standing in front of me basically naked and obviously turned on and I was doing nothing about it. I couldn't help but take advantage of the situation and touch her bare skin whenever possible. It was all I could do not to stroke her soft skin every time I laid my hands on her. It seemed that she was also touching me whenever possible.

And that is when a smell hit me. I was taking her thigh measurement when I noticed that deep musky odor that couldn't be anything but her pussy getting wet and aroused. When I took a glance at her dark shorts I could see a small damp spot in between her legs and stood up quickly, turning around to put my equipment away. Instantly the combination of the smell of her, and knowing that she was aroused made my cock grow. I wanted to strip her clothes off and slide myself into her damp pussy so badly. I hoped she couldn't tell how hard I was. I moved to open the door and she stopped me with a hand. 

"You can put your clothes back on. Let's go into the weight room and continue your strength assessment." I said, hoping against hope that she would leave them off. 

"Where are we going now?" She leaned towards me and suddenly wrapped her arms around me in a hug, pressing her body against mine. She could definitely feel how hard I was at this point. My mind started racing, my head telling me that I shouldn't be here, and my other head telling me it didn't want to leave. 

Then I felt her hand slide slowly into my pants. I tensed up and tried to pull away but met only the door at my back. Her small hand slid into my shorts and wrapped itself around my rock hard cock, which twitched rapidly at her touch. But I didn't want her to stop. I figured now would be a bad time to say anything so stayed silent as I felt her slowly stroke my cock back and forth with her hand. My cock twitched in her hand with each movement and I felt my breath getting quicker, as hers was. Suddenly she placed both hands at my waistband and pulled my pants completely down, letting my penis spring free from its prison. 

Right about then was when I decided that I didn't care about what happened, she had made the first move and I had to have her. I grabbed her shoulders and roughly brought her mouth to mine for a hard kiss, parting her lips with my tongue. She responded quickly by wrapping her arms around me and grinding her hard torso against my hard cock. I could feel her nipples pressing against my chest as our tongues slid back and forth inside each others' mouths. My lust began to fully rise up and I plunged my hands into her short hair, pulling her even close to me and pinning us against the door behind me. She began to make small, urgent noises in her throat as we began to fiercely paw at each other. I bent my knees to lower myself down so that my cock could slide in between her legs, and even through the shorts she still had on I could feel her slick wetness as my cock slid back and forth. 

She continued her aggressive stature as she raised my shirt up over my head and began to run her hands up and down my chest and arms. Our mouths parted and she leaned down and began to lick and suck on my chest, lightly biting me as well. I could feel the intense heat between us building up to a fevered pitch. Since she had removed mine, I grabbed the straps of her sports bra and yanked it roughly down. Her breasts sprung into view and I pushed her roughly back against the opposite wall. It was time to show her what she was getting into. A small smile danced across her face as we locked eyes. Not a word had been spoken for several minutes and I wasn't about to let this situation go to waste. It seemed she had an agenda, and I was more than happy to fulfill it. I would worry about ethics another time when I didn't have an incredibly horny half naked goddess in my arms. 

Bending down further, I sucked one of her nipples into my mouth and began again thrusting my cock between her legs slowly. She plunged her hands into my hair and began moaning quietly. It was a good thing the office was in the back of the club, otherwise anyone near the door would have heard the movement and her small noises. I felt her nipple get even harder in my mouth and she began to thrust her hips forward, meeting the thrusts of my cock in between her legs. If anything, she was getting even more turned on and so was I. I placed one of my hands in between her legs to feel her damp heat and began to gently rub the space in between her hard thighs. She began to moan louder when I touched her there, so I kissed her again, and she responded with passion, sucking hard on my tongue. The noises from her mouth were muffled by mine. She grabbed my cock quickly and began to jerk on it, keeping a soft grip but managing to make me moan as well. 

I was so turned on I began to feel my orgasm building just from a few strokes of this woman's touch, and I knew I wanted to make her feel as good as I was about to. Sliding my hands inside her tight shorts I found a sparely covered dripping wet pussy. Her juices soaked my fingers immediately as I slid them along the outer lips and gently probed inside. I knew she wanted to cum because as soon as I touched her she broke the kiss and clutched me hard to her, whispering into my ear. 

"Make me cum." Is all she said. I moved my hand around until I found her hard clit and began to rub it slowly at first, and then speeding up as I felt her respond by increasing her pace with her hand on my cock. I was quickly getting ready to explode. I felt her body begin to tense up, and she wrapped her free arm around me to hold herself up. Her moans began to come in a rhythmic pace and she moved against me back and forth as if she was fucking my fingers with her tight body. 

"Yes, yes, yes, mmm, yes, oh god, yes, make me cum, yes, oh" as her body clutched tighter to mine and I felt her clit get harder underneath my fingers. Her thighs began to buck against me. Suddenly her hands grabbed my neck in a hard clutching embrace and I felt her pussy begin to spasm against my hand. A flood of warmth flowed onto my hand and I knew she had just cum hard. Her hand did not stop moving on my cock although it did slow down as I felt her body relax and slump down, which allowed me to lean over and whisper quickly in her ear. 

"If you keep that up I'm going to cum all over you very soon." Which just made her quicken her pace. I had been holding it in as long as possible, but once I knew she had cum I let myself go and the pressure built up very quickly. My balls tightened and I felt my cock swell in her hand past the point of no return. My release came suddenly and violently and my cock exploded spurt after spurt of cum which soaked her hand and splashed onto her tight belly, shorts and thighs. She continued to milk my cock as more cum flowed out of it, dripping down onto the floor. The white of my juices mixed with the black on her shorts and stood out like while paint on a black wall. She released me and I stepped back to look over the scene that had just played out. She stood there in front of me panting, a light sheen of sweat on her shoulders and breasts, with her bra around her waist and her black shorts covered with my cum. She moved her fingers lightly down her belly and rubbed my cum into her skin, looking into my eyes and smiling with that beautiful coy smile she had seduced me with at the beginning. I quickly moved to her again and kissed her deeply to signify a wonderful finish to our encounter together. 

I didn't know what to say as we began to put our clothes back together. It was the first time that anything like that had ever happened to me and I loved it. Wanton, animal lust exploding all over each other and it felt incredible. She pulled her long pants back on and replaced her sweatshirt which covered up any evidence of our session together. She kissed me one last time.

"Can't wait for our next session." She moved to the door of the office and was gone. Thoughts began to race through my head. I wanted answers to the questions I had, but at this point I didn't care. I just wanted more. 

To be continued...