 I've spent the last two weeks traveling around Italy, soaking up the culture and learning to speak the language. Everything about Italy seems so sensual to me: the people, the food, the whole way of life. I hate to leave this country, but I've got to be in Zurich tomorrow morning in time to register for classes. That's the reason I'm in Europe, after all -- a semester at the University of Zurich, trying to get my LLM. I'm so glad that I came over early for a much-needed vacation before starting such an intensive program. Traveling alone was an adventure for me, but it was thrilling. Although, I am sort of craving some companionship. Especially now, faced with a 14-hour train ride from Rome to Zurich. At least I'm catching an evening train. I can get some sleep, hopefully.

I board the train and find the couchette I reserved. The compartment's empty, and I'm hoping it stays that way; not exactly thrilled with the idea of spending the whole night in here with three strangers. It's warm in here - - well, it is summertime, after all. Glad I chose to wear a tank top and miniskirt today. I take a seat near the window and watch the people hurrying by, imagining what kinds of exotic destinations they're headed towards. 

The sound of the door opening startles me out of my brief reverie. I glance around, and I see you. You walk in with your carry-on bag, wearing your scruffy-looking t-shirt and shorts, tanned from the summer sun, obviously haven't shaved in a while. You look like you've been backpacking across Europe, which I find out later you have been. And damn, you're cute. And traveling alone. As you settle in on the opposite side of the compartment, I start thinking about how much I've always romanticized train travel. I associate it with the feel of old movies and books, the classics, and I imagine two strangers meeting, boarding a train together, exchanging looks, communicating so much without speaking it out loud, and passion, lots of passion. I'm still thinking this way as the train glides out of the station, rolls along the tracks, gently moving from side to side, as our long journey begins.

We keep somewhat to ourselves at first, both engrossed (or seemingly so) in reading material. But I can't quite lose consciousness of the fact that you are sitting across from me. Every so often I steal a glance, look at you, take you in little by little. A look at your arms, strong, toned. Another look at your shoulders, your chest ... imagining what you would look like without that t-shirt. Your legs, your eyes, so sexy, and my eyes of course drift to your crotch, but as soon as they do I try to shake myself back to my senses, telling myself "what the fuck are you doing? You cannot think like that. You're going to be in this compartment with him all night, a stranger, you know nothing about him, cut it out." I go back to my reading, trying to focus solely on it, but I can tell, can sense, that you are stealing glances at me just as I was at you. And imagining what you're thinking over there starts to heat me up again.

I'm surprised to hear your voice suddenly, as if you could sense that I was thinking about you. You strike up a friendly conversation, just the typical things - - where are you from, where have you been, what're you doing in Europe, etc. I'm surprised at how comfortable it feels talking to you, as if I've known you for a long time, even though I know nothing about you at all. Then you mention that you're hungry, you're thinking about going to the diner car to grab something to eat, and you ask me if I will join you. Yes, definitely.

We find an empty booth and check out the limited menu. Not sure what we want, but we'll both definitely have a beer, we tell the waiter. We talk a lot over that beer, then over food and another beer. I'm having such a good time that when you suggest we hang out a little longer and have one more, I'm all for it. Am I flirting with this guy?, I think to myself; yes, I am. Damn, what am I doing? But it's all innocent, just two people talking, I tell myself. 

At last we get up and head back to our compartment. I'm feeling kind of buzzed by this point, it feels good, fun, and I'm not exactly my most graceful self maneuvering down the aisles of the cars of this fast-moving train. I'm leading the way, and suddenly I lose my footing, and just as I think I'm going to make a fool of myself and fall down, you grab me, hold me, steady me. The shock of feeling your hands gripping my body so tightly suddenly sends tingles all up and down my body. Damn, I think, get a fucking grip, he's just helping you to keep from falling, - but, just before you take your hands away, I swear I feel your thumb rub back and forth against my arm, a caressing stroke ... mmm. 

We make it back to our compartment, still empty of other passengers. It's dark out by now, but there's a full moon shining through the window. Man, can it get any more romantic than this?, I'm thinking. We go back to our original seats, but we keep up the conversation. You ask me about the book I had been reading earlier. I pick it up and start telling you about it: nothing intellectual, just a paperback "romance mystery" to help me pass the time on this long train ride, I tell you. You want to see it, but instead of asking me to pass it over, you move, and you come sit next to me. Very close; our arms are actually touching. I hand you the book, and you of course mock it, make all kinds of derisive comments about the cheesy picture on the cover, the title, the prose the author uses, lots of things about it to make fun of. Then you turn to the page I had dog-eared, my stopping place, and you read aloud: 

'Luke,' she moaned as his hands closed on her bare cheeks. Her slip had ridden up around her navel now so that there was no longer any barrier at all between her body and the hard, urgent mound beneath the cool abrasion of his jeans. Rocking her against him, he kissed her mouth, her neck, her ear, while her heart pounded and her breathing came short and fast and her body quaked and burned and throbbed. 'This is such a bad idea,' he said in a thick voice, pulling her closer yet and sliding a thigh between her legs and moving it in a way that felt so incredibly good that all she could do was gasp and shiver and wrap her arms around his neck and hang on for the ride.

We laugh, but still, the air around us seems to be growing thicker with electric currents. So I pick up reading aloud where you had left off:

'I don't care,' she replied, barely able to think, let alone speak. His thigh between her legs was a revelation, a pleasure-giving machine of awesome proportions, and she pressed back against it instinctively. The resulting undulating waves of desire made her moan with dazzled surprise. 'Hell, me neither.' His voice was hoarse and thick, scarcely louder than a growl.

I stop reading, but this time we're not laughing so much. Instead, we're leaning in to each other a little closer, smiling, looking each other up and down in turn, looking at our bare legs, which we have pressed up against each other. Then you reach out your hand, and lay it on my thigh. It feels so warm, so strong, and then you start caressing my leg with it. Squeezing gently, massaging, rubbing, feeling. I must have moaned out loud, although I didn't mean to, because now you turn to look directly into my eyes, and you deliberately slide your hand higher up my thigh. I issue my own invitation in response by parting my legs, allowing you more access. You caress more, rub more, and we stare at each other, then you lean in and kiss me. Soft, warm, open-mouthed kiss, slow, exploring, tongues gently intermingling. You gently bite my lower lip, tug on it, suck it into your mouth. Our kiss becomes more intense, pressing harder against each other, slanting our mouths against one another, passionate ... your warm, wet tongue slides into my mouth, and my tongue rubs against it just a little, teasingly, then I close my lips softly around your tongue and gently suck, swirling the tip of my tongue against yours, teasingly making you think about things to come.....

Your hand is all the way up my skirt now, and I feel the surprise when you realize that I'm wearing nothing underneath. You cuss under your breath, we open our eyes and look at each other, and then you slide a finger inside me, quickly, urgently. I moan, and after a brief amount of time you slide a second finger inside me. I'm moving towards you now, turning my body towards yours, leaning into your hand, moving against it, whimpering with desire. After a while, you insert a third finger, stretching me, and it feels so unbelievably incredible, I moan into your mouth and reach out my hand, into your lap, and find your hard cock. I rub my hand up and down, feeling your dick from outside of your shorts, and you start moaning softly too. I reach my other hand over and take hold of your shorts, unzip them, pull them down enough to free your cock, and I take you in my hand. Nice, thick, hard, but velvety soft at the same time. It takes me to another whole level of desire, feeling you like that, having you in my hand, controlling your own desire in a way. 

Suddenly you move off the seat, fingers still inside me, but you kneel down, slide over directly in front of me, part my thighs wider, push my skirt up around my hips, and bend your mouth down to my pussy. Un-fucking-believable. I just throw my head back against the seat, arms splayed, completely giving myself over to your lovely mouth. Your tongue is so soft, so warm, licking me, starting at my hole and then licking me slowly up to my clit, swirling your tongue around it, then sliding back down, and up, several times like that, taking your time, teasing me. Then you close your mouth over my clit and suck it gently into your mouth, rubbing your tongue against it: open, lick, suck, open, lick, suck, so fucking slowly, making me squirm in my seat, making me moan out loud, not caring now weather or not anyone else on board can hear us, you're driving me wild .... Then you slide your tongue back down my slit and your tongue enters me ... mmmm, fuck that feels good. You swirl it around, pushing it in slightly more and pulling it out slightly, again and again, then quickly move right back up to my clit, take it into your mouth and suck hard. I grab your arms, you've got them wrapped around my thighs, hands tight on my hips, trying to hold me still as I squirm and writhe and cry out, and I hold onto to your muscular arms tightly ... the more you drive me crazy, running your mouth up and down me, rubbing my clit with your tongue, then sucking on it, over and over and over, the harder I squeeze your arms. Finally I can't stand it anymore, I tell you to keep sucking, I'm about to cum, keep sucking, rub me with your tongue, and then I feel that wave, I'm riding it, and I start screaming as I cum - - - I yell out, letting you know I'm cumming, and you don't relent, you just suck harder, force your tongue harder against me, until I'm so over-sensitive that I just push you away, I'm so done. 

But I have to return the favor. So I tug on you, get you to sit back up on the seat, first get you to take your shorts/underwear all the way off, t-shirt too. You're completely naked. I lean towards you, kiss you, wanting to taste myself on your mouth. While we kiss you slide my skirt all the way off, pull my top over my head, no bra ... and your hands are on my breasts, caressing, kneading. We're both completely naked now in this dark compartment on the train, neither of us thinking or caring anymore whether or not anyone could walk in on us or watch us through the window on the door. I kiss you down your chest, lick your nipples, lick your stomach, slide onto my knees, spread your legs, and direct all my attention to your dick. 

I close one hand around it, open my mouth, place it against the tip of your cock, and taste that sweet/salty liquid that has pooled just on the top of it ... tastes so good. I close my lips loosely around the tip of your cock, licking you, moving my lips all around you, getting you nice and slippery wet from my saliva. I roll my mouth down your shaft, licking you, getting you completely lubricated, lick you on all sides, move back up to the top. Then I open my mouth all the way and take you in. You're thick, you fill up my mouth, stretch my jaws; I have to relax, take a breath or two, and open wider to fit you all in. Slowly, so slowly at first. Moving my mouth up and down a little at a time; each time I move my mouth down I take a little more of you inside, til finally I've got all of you in my mouth. I really start sucking you then. 

You're moaning, enjoying, watching me. I start moving my head up and down, bobbing, keeping my lips closed around you tightly, sucking hard, then I'll sometimes let all of you out of my mouth so I can lick all around you again, like a candy cane, then swirl my tongue just around the head again. I keep on doing this, driving you crazy. You're moaning more and more, which is when I slow it back down. I close my mouth over the side of your cock and slide it down, all the way down, til I reach your balls. I touch them with my tongue, lightly, swirl my tongue around one ball and then close my lips gently around it, slightly sucking it into my mouth. Then I move to the other one and do the same thing. I love it, it's getting me so incredibly much more aroused, controlling your pleasure, tasting all of you, doing whatever I want to you, massaging your inner thighs as I keep gently sucking your balls, then move back up your cock again. 

I lean in closer, pressing one tit up against your balls as I suck your dick into my mouth again. You're moaning loader now. I move around some, so that the tit pressing up against you moves around some, you feel it moving all around you, moving you, and I've got one hand on the base of your cock and one underneath a thigh, and I suck more, lick more, take you all in, in and out and in and out, you're clutching my hair in your hands, you're dying to fuck me, so you start making fucking motions, in and out my mouth, hands tight on my head, I'm moaning so much now, I feel like you're close, that's making me so fucking hot, I want to feel you gush, hear you yell out loud, have you lose all control while you cum hard in my mouth, and then you are cumming, thrusting deep into my mouth, squirting your cum down my throat, and I swallow, and swallow, and swallow ..... Mmmmm, that was so hot.

As we both catch our breath, and I pull myself back up onto the seat beside you, we notice for the first time the shadows against the window of the door, and realize that we were watched. No one comes in, no one says anything, they all start to move away, we don't know who they were, but we know they watched, we know they enjoyed it, although not nearly as much as we enjoyed it.