 Suddenly she heard Alan's voice from downstairs.

"Hey Jessi I'm home. Got some of the guys with me, where are you?" he yelled.

"Up here Baby. I'll be down in a minute," Jessica replied trying to regain her composure.

Jessica took one final look and headed down stairs.

"Wow, Jessica you look great!" said Alan.

"Thanks, just thought it was time I spoilt myself a little," replied Jessica.

"You remember Hal, Steve and Joe don't you," asked Alan introducing the guys.

"Yeah sure, good to see you all again, can I get you a drink boys?" asked Jessica.

'"Sure beers all-round," said Alan.

Jessica fetched the beers and handed them out. Over the next hour Jessica made sure the boys were well primed before the game started as she wanted them fairly drunk by the time Brad arrived in a little over an hours time.

The boys really got into it and it wasn't long before they had all loosened up and started showing some interest in Jessica. It was just playful flirting but Jessica was really enjoying the attention she was getting. Alan was smiling but deep down he was wondering what the hell Jessica was up to. This was not like her at all. Normally she was shy and reserved even when guys were obviously flirting with her she never ever responded. She would just smile and move on but tonight she was having a ball. She strutted around showing off her terrific body almost daring the guys to make some comment.

Jessica kept the drinks flowing and by the time the game started the guys were well on there way. 

At 8 o'clock Jessica went out the back door and waited. She didn't have to wait long as very soon a black BMW pulled up and got a guy. Even from this distance Jessica could tell it was him. He didn't so much walk as swagger easily across the road his 6 foot 3 frame, broad shoulders, tiny waist and wavy locks almost made Jessica melt there and then. As he approached Jessica could see that he wore a simple white T shirt that hugged his torso and denim jeans. 

"Hi Jessica, you look great!!" said Brad staring into her eyes.

"You too, wow I can't believe your actually here," replied Jessica.

"Wouldn't miss this for the world trust me," smiled Brad.

Jessica lead Brad by the hand to the back door and quickly stepped inside and listened. All she could here was the boys yelling at the TV. Once she was sure they were all there she led Brad up the stairs. As she did Brad couldn't resist running his hands up her inner thighs to her buttocks.

"Oh you naughty boy....If you keep doing that I will have to spank you," giggled Jessica.

Once in the bedroom Jessica appeared unsure what to do next but she needed had worried as Brad put her at ease immediately by grabbing her hands and telling her how sexy she looked.

"Oh Jessi, you so beautiful and so hot, god look at you, your stunning," said Brad.

"Thanks Brad, you don't look half bad yourself," offered Jessica.

Brad pulled Jessica firmly to him and kissed her full on the lips. This was what she needed. The kiss wasn't just a kiss it was like a firecracker exploding inside setting her off and unleashing all of her sexual energy. She reached up and held Brad's face in her hands. His smooth skin was cool to touch and he in turn wrapped his strong arms around her. God he felt so powerful. There kissing was now out of control their hands running wildly over each other. Jessica started pulling Brad's shirt from his jeans and up trying to get at his abs and pecs. Brad helped out by pulling his shirt over his head.

Jessica just stared at this bronzed adonis standing there in front of her. His washboard stomach was ripped and his pecs big and strong. God he looked delicious thought Jessica. Brad grabbed her head and held it close to his pecs. God his smell was intoxicating causing Jessica to go weak at the knees. Brad being the total gentleman supported her weight with his muscular arms. He swept her off her feet and laid her on the bed.

As she went to speak Brad placed two fingers on her lips...

'Don't talk gorgeous, just relax and enjoy," said Brad quietly.

God this was sooooo good thought Jessica. Brad placed Jessica's arms to the side and slowing undid the buttons on her top revealing her red bra and beautiful big breasts. Suddenly without any warning Brad straddled Jessica and in one swift motion removed her top. Brad slowly ran his fingers down Jessica's neck until he reached her bra. Jessica let out a moan as he gently ran his hands over her breasts for the first time. Jessica reached her back thrusting her tits up to meet his hands.

"Oh god Jessica, your tits are so big, so full, I so want to suck your hard nipples," uttered Brad as he continued to massage her tits.

"Please, oh god please yes, suck my big titties Brad, suck them hard, pleeeaaassee Brad," gasped Jessica.

Brad did exactly that he reached behind Jessica and undid her bra strap and removed Jessica's bra freeing Jessica's big tits for Brad to lick and suck.

"Oh yes Brad, suck my nipples, oh god that feels soooo good..."

"Oh baby your nipples are so hard," replied Brad as he took them gently between his teeth nibbling them until Jessica flinched in just the slightest bit of discomfort..

"Oh Brad, I have something I need to ask you,"

"Sure Jessi, what is it?"

"I need to feel your big cock, I haven't been able to get it off mine ever since I felt it this morning, please can I see it? Please, I'm dying here just thinking about it," whispered Jessica in Brad's ear.

'Sure baby, to be honest I can't wait to feel your hands around my cock," said Brad pushing himself back off Jessica so that he was standing in front of her.

Jessica pushed herself up onto her knees. She sat there like an excited schoolgirl only she was naked from the waist up her magnificent 38DD tits squeezed between her arms. His nipples erect pointing skyward.

Brad undid the button on his jeans and slowly lowered the zip. Even now Jessica could see the outline of Brad's cock. Fuck it was massive, surely that wasn't all cock thought Jessica, it didn't seem possible, was it????

Brad struggled to pull his jeans down bending forward to lower them to his ankles. When he stood up straight Jessica almost feinted... confronted by what could only be described as a gigantic cock. 

Poor Jessica, her eyes bulged, her mouth gaped, her breasts and pussy tingled.

"Oh my fucking god Brad, it's beautiful, its amazing. It's everything I thought it would be and more much much more, can I touch it?" begged Jessica.

"That's what its for baby, here let me help you," offered Brad taking Jessica's right hand and placing it on his cock.

Jessica couldn't believe that she finally had her hands of such a massive cock. She slowly started to stroke it noticing that her hands didn't even come close to closing around its thick throbbing shaft.

'Don't be afraid Jessi, give it a real good stroke, here let me help you,"

Brad placed his hand over Jessica's and started to rapidly pump his shaft from the base to its pulsating peach sized head.

Jessica was in heaven feeling the awesome power that can only come in a 14 inch cock. 

"That's it now you're getting the hang of it," said Brad smiling hands on his hips thrusting his hips in unison with Jessica's long strokes.

Brad gently pushed Jessica back down on the bed and pulled her skirt down and removed her shoes revealing her pretty red panties but they only remained on for the briefest of moments as Brad pulled them as well. Jessica just couldn't let go of this monster cock and hung on tight as Brad undressed her. But finally she had to let go as Brad laid her on her back.

"Do you remember what my text said?" he asked.

"Oh yes you said you were going to lick my pussy, are you really? Alan never licks my pussy, oh how I'd love my pussy to be eaten!!" gasped Jessica.

by now Brad had pulled Jessica to the edge of the bed. He knelt on the floor in front of her and gently raised her legs and parted her thighs. Jessica was by now trembling in anticipation. How many times had she imagined this...how many times had she driven her fingers into her sopping pussy getting herself off imaging a man's tongue there....

"OHHHH FUUCCKKKK Brad, uh uh ohhhhhh shiiiit," squealed Jessica as Brad's tongue caressed her throbbing clit for the first time.

Brad just keep going alternatively driving his tongue deeper into her pussy and then sucking her clit teasing it with rapid fire tongue movement. Jessica was now fiercely rubbing her tits tweaking her erect nipples. 

"Yes Yes YEEESSSSSS!!!" howled Jessica as she was overcome by a titanic orgasm which shook her entire body causing her to squeeze Brad's head between her thighs.

After this momentous climax Brad slowly licked her dripping pussy before finally extracting himself. As Brad looked up at Jessica he saw that tears were steaming down her face, tears of pure orgasmic joy.

As Jessica regained her composure Brad moved up onto the bed his enormous cock still hard as a rock. he lay down his cock reaching up between his pecs. Jessica lay beside him resting her head on his chest staring at his cock. Jessica couldn't resist any longer she leaned over and opening her mouth as wide as possible engulfed Brad's massive cock. Taking the entire head in her mouth. Slowly she started taking more and more of his shaft in her mouth which wasn't easy given its tremendous girth.

Brad grabbed Jessica and holding her head in a position so that her mouth never left his cock he sat up so that Jessica could give him a real good blow job. It also allowed Brad to massage Jessica's tits as she did so.

"Oh Jessica I need to feel that great big tits around my cock," said Brad.

Jessica got the message and lifted her head and cupping her tits wrapped them around Brad's cock. Jessica proceeded to wank Brad's cock with her tits noticing that due to its size its huge head poked through and reached her chin allowing her to lean forward and lick it.

"Oh yeah baby, that's so fucking good...wank me with your big juicy tits and suck my cock," urged Brad.

Jessica was having the time of her life and when Brad reached under and started playing with her pussy she came again. This time it was still intense but more controlled and she was able to continue to fuck Brad with her tits.

What happened next blew Jessica away.

As she was leaning forward sucking on Brad's cock her tits still wrapped firmly around its shaft Brad lent forward and kiss Jessica on the cheek and licked her lips which encompassed his cock. 

Oh my god, Brad could suck his own cock. Jessica came just at the thought of it. It turned her on so much she hatched a plan should he do this again.

Sure enough as she again sucked hic cock Brad lent forward only this time Jessica thrust it forward and without even a hesitation brad took it in his mouth.

"Oh fuck that is so fucking hot Brad!!" yelled Jessica.

Brad just kept on sucking his eyes looking directly into her eyes.

Finally here moved his mouth precum sticking to his full lips.

"Like that little party trick do we Jessica?' teased Brad.

"Like it, fuck that is the hottest thing I have ever seen!!" replied Jessica.

"Do you think we could do that together?" asked Jessica.

'Sure!" replied Brad thrusting his big cock up between them.

What transpired over the next 5 minutes was nothing short of amazing as together Jessica and Brad took his cock in mouths slurping and kissing lips on lips tongues together licking Brad's shaft together.

Finally Brad could take no more.

'Oh Jessica I'm going to cum honey, sorry I just can't take any more, feel my balls their busting," said Brad. 

Jessica did and agreed, they felt so full and heavy.

"Where baby, where do you want me to cum??" panted Brad.

"Shoot it baby, shoot it ALL over, on my big titties, my face, EVERYWHERE. I want your cum EVERYWHERE," shouted Jessica positioning herself ready to receive Brad's big hot load of cum.

"Here it comes baby, oh fuck here its cums......" shouted Brad as the first salvo of cum erupted from his 14 inch cock.

Soon further salvos of cum followed smashing into Jessica's tits and face. Jessica couldn't believe how much there was. 

"Shoot it on my tits baby, shoot it here," begged Jessica cupping her breasts and holding them in front of Brad's exploding cock.

"Oh yeah baby, hold those big titties right there," said Brad as he finally pumped the last of his juice over her tits.

Jessica looked down and couldn't believe how much cum there was. She was literally covered in the stuff. It ran down her cheeks dripping onto her tits and from her nipples it dripped onto her stomach.

Brad lent forward and kissed Jessica on the lips which were also covered in cum.

"Oh Brad that was amazing, fucking amazing, thankyou," said Jessica with a great big smile on her pretty face.

Just then they were interrupted by...

"Jessi, Jessi honey, where are you? Can we have some more beers please honey..." yelled Alan from downstairs.

Jessica jumped to her feet grabbed a towel and attempted to dry herself off. She threw on the top and skirt without any underwear. Brad threw on his shirt and jeans.

"Sorry honey I had hoped that we could get around to having that fuck tonight. Hey how about you come around to my place tomorrow. I'm house sitting a friend's place its got a great private pool and I promise you that you will get to fell this big cock in your pussy. What do you think?" asked Brad.

"Oh I'd love that, I;ll see you tomorrow," said Jessica still trying to wipe cum fro her tits.

Jessica showed Brad out and grabbed some beers for the boys.

The guys as drunk as they were couldn't help but notice Jessica's state. her hair was a mess, her nipples were protruding from her top and she looked like she'd split milk down her front. 

After Brad had snuck out the back door Jessica returned to Alan and the boys. She was in state of such sexual arouseness having felt Brad's hugeness in her very hands not to mention having received a massive hosing down from him all over her face and tits that her normal shyness around the guys was now just a distant memory. Jessica was in some serious need of a good hard fucking and while tomorrow promised her exactly that she needed cock NOW!! She needed to feel a man's hard cock pounding her dripping pussy. Brad had got her so worked up she was like a an oversexed nymph. She strutted around the guys her top undone to her navel clung to her cum soaked breasts her nipples hard and erect. 

Alan couldn't believe his eyes...what had gotten into Jessica??? He had never seen her like this. As they watched the game Jessica walked in front of them until she stood right in front of the TV facing it she paused and bent over to pick up an empty beer bottle. The guys almost fell off the couch. FUCK she's not wearing any panties they all thought together. 

They just stared in awe at her long shapely legs and hot ass and most of all her pussy. Jessica took for ages to pick up the bottle ensuring that the guys all received a good eye full of her ass and pussy. Finally when she thought they had had enough she stood up and turned around stroking the beer bottle as she looked at them.

"Ooops sorry boys, didn't mean to get in the way," giggled Jessica.

"Wow, like WOW!! You can get in the way anytime Jessi," blurted out Hal.

Alan just looked at him as if to say what the fuck did you just say.

Over the next 10 minutes Jessica continued to flirt with the guys teasing them remorselessly. When they stood up to get a drink Jessica would move to them and grab their cock through their pants much to their surprise and enjoyment.

At one point an ad came on the TV with a particularly attractive with big tits. Hal again couldn't help himself. 

"Look at the god dam hooters on that babe would ya," he yelled.

"Fuck yeah, look at how big those tits are, god have you ever seen better??" Mike added.

Jessica just watched on as the guys continued to comment about the girl. Finally she had had enough.

She stood in front of the them and ripped her shirt off exposing her heaving breasts.

"Well what about these tits boys?? How do they stack up??" Jessica challenged.

Alan almost had a heart attack but recovered as the boys got to their feet cheering loudly.