 It was 10.30pm as I sat alone at my desk contemplating, in the words of Douglas Adams 'Life, the Universe, and Everything'. My partner of 15 years, in bed, asleep. I wondered aloud to no-one in particular, "So what happened to our fire? The all-nighters...the sex, and I mean SEX...uninhibited, experimental, regular even? Would it really take much to reignite the flames? Hmmm...food for thought."

Quietly, I wandered down to our bedroom. Leaning against the door frame, I watched her sleeping, peacefully. A gap in the curtains allowing a sliver of light from the half moon to fall across the bed. Rachael was still beautiful. The slow rhythm of her breathing was soothing, almost erotic, in the faint light. Her silhouette under the dark sheets revealed a woman who, despite having gained a few pounds since the birth of our child, was still as sexy as hell. A natural red-head, with deep hazel eyes. Rachael, now 35, had a fiery and passionate temperament to match, a fire which sadly had subsided over time. Maybe it was time to throw some petrol onto the smouldering embers.

Rachael was a real romantic at heart, so it was easy to find a place to start. Daughter to the grandparents, book dinner somewhere quiet but nice, and of course, a movie...(chick flick no doubt!!). "Keep it simple...don't scare the poor girl with whips and chains, not just yet " I thought almost reluctantly. 

We finished work for the week and drove home. "Why don't you have a shower, babe, you look like it's been a rough day" I suggested innocently. "Great idea" was her only reply, already undressing. Ok, time to get my shit together.

In typical male fashion, I was changed and ready to go in about 2 minutes. Rummaging through her wardrobe, I found the dress I was looking for. A sexy black dress that looked great on her, a dress with a colourful history but that is another story. I laid the dress carefully on the bed just as Rachael turned off the shower. The door opened to the ensuite, and there she was...my own private goddess. 

As she dried her long, auburn hair, I was left to admire her nakedness. She was not overly tall, around 5'5" with a solid build. Not overweight, but what I call a real woman, with some physical strength and meat on her bones. Damn she looked good. Her pale nipples were erect from the shower, drawing my attention to her shapely, 34C breasts. The paleness of her skin, gave her breasts a velvety appearance which I also knew to be very sensitive to touch. The celtic tribal tattoo circling her abdomen, a stark contrast on her skin, was almost an invitation to gaze downwards to her neatly trimmed pubic hair, and being light red it almost gave the appearance of a shaved pussy. "Do you mind?" she taunted, "Absolutely not" was my reply as I stood up which only had the embarrassing effect of exposing the bulge that had grown in my pants.

Looking around the room, Rachael then realised that I was fairly smartly dressed, also noticing the dress lying suggestively across the bed. "Rick, what are you up to, other than giving yourself a hard on?" Still openly admiring the fact that she was standing naked in front of me, "Well, you have seemed kind off down for a while now, thought maybe we could take some time out, break the routine you know, recharge the batteries. How's dinner and a movie sound, for starters anyway" She just smiled, "perfect, but we can't have you going out in that condition now can we!"

And with that, she dropped the towel and pushed me against the wall, with surprising force. Rachael was a passionate woman but not really one to dominate or take control but I could feel something different, almost primal. 

The feel of her hot breath on my lips, tongue forcefully probing for mine, made certain that the bulge in my pants was not about to disappear. I felt her hand fumbling for my belt, seconds later I was as naked as she. Her hands instantly moved to my hard cock. With one hand she started slowly stroking my hardness, sliding softly along its shaft, stopping just below the tip. The other hand she was using to gently run her fingernails across my balls. It felt like electricity through me.

Not wasting a minute, Rachael sank to her knees, expertly taking my cock in mouth as she descended. Fuck it felt good. Oral sex had always been our favourite but this woman had a talent, and I was receiving the full benefits right now.

She explored every inch of my cock, running her tongue down the shaft, then gently sucking my balls into her mouth one at a time. I leaned back against the wall as I grabbed the back of her hair and guided my cock deep into her mouth. She loved that. I heard a little moan. Looking down, I could now see that she had moved her other hand down to gently stroke her pussy. Our eyes met and I could see a questioning look, as if she was uncertain if this self-pleasuring was ok. "Do whatever feels good babe, no inhibitions, no regrets, no holding back" was all I could say, that's all it took. All the fire and the passion felt like it came flooding back into her. 

She worked my cock furiously as she found her clitoris. I moved slightly to get a full view. As I watched, she parted her now wet pussy lips and slowly slid two fingers into her wetness. She gasped and her breathing intensified, as her other hand released my cock, moving rapidly to her clit. My cock was now deep in her throat, as she finger fucked her pussy. Sweet juices were glistening on her swollen lips as she slipped in another finger, moving them in a circular motion. "Fuck your pussy baby, enjoy the pleasure". Her reaction was fantastic. Slowly, she run a finger over her small, but hard clit, increasing the pace then slowing again. The intensity of her own pleasure was becoming mine as my cock was getting the same furious treatment as her pussy. I knew that I could not hold back much longer, not at this pace. Thankfully, she started really moaning, almost whimpering. Sensing her building orgasm, I whispered "Cum for me babe, cum all over your fingers while you suck my hard cock." 

She was enjoying the words, her eyes now closed, lost in the depths of pleasure and fantasy, I felt her body start to tremble. Slipping her fingers from her wetness, she rubbed her engorged clit. She grabbed my cock, stroking and sucking like a woman possessed. Her body tensed, moaning loudly, as she came in powerful waves. It seemed to last forever. Then just as she was regaining some composure, she shoved her fingers back into her sex and with a piston like motion, took herself over the edge to a second, more powerful orgasm. Fuck this was intense.

Slowly, she re-entered this world. Letting my cock slip from her mouth, she looked up at me and smiled, "Your turn" was all she said. With that, she turned her full attention to a cock ready to explode. I needed to cum so badly. She reached up and offered her fingers, allowing me to savour her sweet juices. In what seemed like only seconds, she had brought me to the edge, sucking, stroking, running her teeth along me. "Oh yeah" was all I could manage and I came, erupted would be a better description. To my surprise, instead of letting me withdraw, Rachael took me deep, sucking and swallowing every drop. Something she had not done before, only adding to the incredible pleasure.

She stood up and kissed me, mixing the taste of my cum and her pussy juices in our mouths, another new experience for the both of us.

"So," she said, "I believe dinner and a show were on offer. Shall we go?" she asked as she slipped into her dress...and only her dress.

To be continued...