 It had been about a week since I’d given Amy the ride home that I would never forget and that I hadn’t stopped thinking about it for even a second.  She’d continued babysitting for my children as always. Going about her business as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. 

As luck would have it, bad luck that is, each day that week my wife would get home before me and dismiss Amy before I had a chance to offer her another ride home or even be in the same room as her. 

So I was left with my memories and fantasies until the weekend came at last. My wife and I have an arrangement that we take at least one day out of every weekend to spend with the kids as we don’t spend a lot of time with them during the week. This weekend was supposed to be an all day trip to the zoo which presented me with the opportunity to have the whole house to myself for a day. My wife wasn’t very happy when I told her that I wouldn’t be able to make it but I explained to her that I had too much work to do and that it would be simply impossible to get it done unless I spent ALL weekend on it. As I sed, she wasn’t happy but she accepted it none the less.

As soon as they were out the door and I had watched the car back out the driveway and drive down the street, I was on the phone to Amy organising for her to come over as soon as possible. 

“I’m terribly sorry about the short notice Amy, and I hope it doesn’t inconvenience you in any way…”

“Oh no Mr Andrews it’s fine,” She assured me.

“Great! Again I am sorry Amy and you know I wouldn’t ask you if it wasn’t urgent.” I wasn’t lying really, it was urgent, if I didn’t get at her soon I was sure to explode.

“Really Mr Andrews it’s fine I’ll be over as quickly as I can.” With that she hung up the phone.

Within a few minutes I heard her knocking at the door. I opened it and ushered her inside. She stood in the hallway for a second looking around with a puzzled expression on her face at the silent and empty house before turning to me. I explained to her that the children had gone to the zoo with their mother. I took care not to mention the word “wife” in front of Amy. A look of understanding washed over her face followed by that mischievous smile I had dreamed about for over a week. She stepped quickly across the distance between us standing as close to me as two people can stand with out touching, her lips were just millimetres from mine and I could feel the vibrations of her voice as she spoke:

“So we’re all alone then?”

“Yes,” I breathed.

With that she threw herself on me wrapping her arms around me and kissing me passionately, pressing her body hard against mine before braking away from me again. She took me by the hand and led me upstairs. It took me a moment to realise where she was headed. She opened the door to the master bedroom and pulled me over to her as she knelt on the bed that I share with my wife and began to undo my belt and pants. She reached in briefly to check that I was hard before stripping off to reveal that she was wearing a delicate pink lacy bra that barely held her heaving cleavage and a matching high cut lacy g-string. After discarding her clothes she bent down and began to devour my cock. Eagerly sucking my length into her talented mouth and then swallowing it till her nose brushed my pubic hair and my balls slapped her chin. I grabbed fistfuls of her glorious red hair driving my cock further down her throat. I watched her huge tits swaying beneath her, bulging against the restricting lace. I pulled her off my cock having had a better idea. I told her to lie back on the bed as I stripped away the rest of my clothes. I climbed up the bed straddling her waist and ripped her bra through the centre releasing her breasts in all their glory. Quickly I shoved my cock between them and began to fuck her perfect titties. On each upstroke she sucked on the head as I squeezed her tits hard around my shaft. Finally I lost it blowing my load over her face and tits. It was a beautiful sight, this hot young thing covered in my cum and rubbing it into her breasts with both hands.

I turned around on top of her into a 69 position and pulled off her panties exposing her wet bald cunt and lowered my mouth to it, running my tongue lightly over her swollen pussy lips. She moaned as I found her clit and started sucking on it, circling it with my tongue, and even more so when I began to insert my fingers into her hot young pussy. She grabbed my cock that was hanging just above her face and began to suck my cum off it quickly getting me hard again. She bucked her hips trying to get more of my fingers into her steaming cunt. I felt her beginning to loose it and pulled my fingers out of her as well as my tongue from her clit. She whined in disappointment and desperation which was exactly how I wanted her.

I turned back around so that I was face to face with her pleading eyes.

“Please, please Mr Andrews” she moaned “please make me cum! Put your big cock in me, I need your cock, please Mr Andrews, fuck me, FUCK ME!”

I pulled her legs up so that her knees were at her ears. She screamed with pleasure as I slammed my cock into her to the hilt. I began pounding her tight cunt for all I was worth I’d been waiting for this for what felt like ages. She held back her legs as I molested her luscious tits, squeezing and pulling them, twisting her nipples till she cried out in pain. I continued slamming into her fucking pussy as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her.

“Oh god, OH GOD! YES Mr Andrews yes, that’s it, fuck me Mr Andrews fuck me, unh, UNH! SHIT! YES! FUCK me Mr Andrews fuck my hot little cunt, OH yeah, come on Mr Andrews that’s it OH GOD harder, harder, HARDER!!! Fuck me FUCK ME fuck… fuck… FUCK! AHHHH!” She screamed as I ploughed into her again and again. “Oh shit yeah,” she moaned as she came down from another orgasm, “stick it in my arse Mr Andrews! I want you to fuck me in my arse!”

I was shocked. Did I hear correctly? Did she just tell me to fuck her arse? She turned over and raised her hips as I knelt behind her, my cock poised at her puckered little hole. Without hesitation I drove my entire length into her arse. She screamed as I entered her but I could tell this wasn’t her first time. I had always thought Amy was a hore, even from when I first laid eyes on her at the interview, but until now I hadn’t realised just how right I was. She screamed and moaned like the hore she was as I fucked her arsehole, begging for more and pushing her arse back wanting more of my cock.

“You’re a dirty little hore aren’t you Amy?” I asked her as I drew back my hand and let it fall hard, slapping her tight arse.

“Oh yes Mr Andrews,” she moaned. “Spank me hard Mr Andrews, Spank me like the hore I am.”

We continued like this for a while longer until I was finally pushed over the edge, sending rivers of cum into her arse. 

We were still lying on top of each other, completely spent when I heard the front door open and shut followed by the voices of my wife and children enter the house. Completely panicked I pulled Amy off the bed; she could barely stand, and directed her towards the balcony where she would be able to climb down. 

“Wait!” she cried, “My clothes!” I grabbed them, pushed them into her hands and her out the door closing it behind her. 

From what I could hear downstairs the kids wanted juice so I figured I had a little time left. I cleaned up the best I could before turning on the shower and getting in. Just in time I might add as at that moment my wife came through the door looking flushed.

“My God, what a day,” she groaned.

“Was it crowded dear?” I asked her without hearing the answer I was just relieved not to have been caught.