 You walk down the street hand in hand. His middle finger traces circles on your palm, and you shiver despite the heat. In the bag on his arm he carries a carefully folded blanket and some bottles of water. He looks at you and smiles, and you smile back, happy just to be together. You have been waiting for your free day together for nearly a week, and you have been restless all morning.

He leads you across the field, to a stand of pine trees high on the bank of a canal. The wind whispering through the pines is somehow both calming and erotic. You step together into the shade, and it feels like another world, away from the road, with cooler air and deep shadows. The ground is covered with a carpet of pine needles so deep and soft it is like walking on a mattress.

He kisses you, soft and sweet, then pulls back and just gazes at your face. You feel yourself blush as he runs his fingers through your hair. You know exactly what he is feeling, without a word, and you kiss him, holding him close. After a long moment, he steps away and you turn to spread the blanket out over the ground. When you turn back, he has lightly woven strands of tiny white and violet flowers together. He runs them through your hair like a crown, then says "There. Now they are truly beautiful. You are just what they needed".

"You are just what I need, boo".

He kisses you again, and you feel his hands slide down you back and cup your ass. The kiss becomes more intense, and you marvel at the way your bodies respond to each other. His hands wander under your shirt, and he begins to unclasp your bra. You feel your nerves return, and you break the kiss to look around.

"Don't worry Angel...schools in remember? No kids to come play".

He opens your bra, and deftly slips it and your shirt off. He runs his soft hands over your breasts, and rubs his thumbs over your nipples. As you gasp he adds "Of course you can never tell about the fishermen...". You glare at him and he laughs until you playfully swat at him. He reaches behind you and gets a handful of your hair, pulling just hard enough for your to moan and bend your neck back. He leans in and kisses your exposed throat, then down to your nipples. He kisses each one in turn, and you feel them harden between his soft lips. Each flick of his tongue sends a jolt through your body, and your need throbs between your thighs. The firmness of his hand in your hair only adds to the heat. His mouth covers your nipple, licking and sucking until you lose track of where and when you are.

He finally releases you, then slips and arm around your waist as you sway, almost dizzy with pleasure and want. You reach down and run your hands over the front of his pants, pleased at how aroused he is for you. You slip his shirt off, and toss it aside. You embrace him, and smile as she shivers as your nipples rub across his chest. He reaches down, and opens your shorts, then kneels, pulling them down your legs. He leans in and brushes your panties with your lips, bringing a shaky sigh to your lips. He slips a single finger under each edge, and teases the sides of your pussy, until you summon the will to step back and shake you head at him. With a shake of his head he reaches out, and slips your panties down, leaving you naked in the dappled sunlight. You are vaguely surprised that you feel no fear of discovery, or shame at your nudity; just a mix of desire and safety.

He moves to you, kissing along your waistline, and over your thighs. One hand runs over your bare ass as he leans in and kisses your sex. You watch him through half closed eyes as he softly runs his lips back and forth over your sensitive lips. You cup his face in your hand and guide him to stand again, kissing him as his face comes to yours. His lips taste faintly of you. You reach down, opening his pants, and sliding the off. He looks almost shy, as you run your hand down his body, take his cock in our hand. You stroke him lightly as your lips meet again. You feel his hands running over your body, how hard he is for you, then he is guiding you down to the blanket. The pine needles beneath it mold themselves to your curves.

He hovers over you, kissing your throat, your neck. His lips travel across your breasts, kissing, tasting, little love bites. Soon his mouth hovers between your thighs, and there is no teasing now; his need to taste you, to please you is too strong. You cry out as his tongue flicks over your clit. His lips close around you, and his tongue flickers back and forth, causing heat to flow into your pussy. You gently push him to his side, flowing with him so that his mouth never leaves you. You guide him into your mouth, tasting his clean hot flesh. You match his actions, flicking tour tongue over the head of his cock, smiling as his moan is muffled my his own actions. You take him deeper, enjoying the feel of him filling your mouth, your own moans barely audible around him. Your moans become cries as his tongue enters you. You come apart...both panting. The sight of him licking you from his lips makes you want him so badly you ache. You reach for him, and he kneels between your legs. He begins to tease, rubbing his cock over your pussy, not quite entering you. You moan in frustration and pleasure. He slides his length over your clit, and you arch your hips to meet him.

"What do you want Angel?"

"You", you whisper.

He starts to run his cock slower over your clit, agonizingly slowly. "You can do better than that..."

"I want you...inside me", you answer.

He laughs, and continues to tease you.

"I want...you to fuck me" you gasp.

His eyes lock on yours. "Louder Angel."

"Please fuck me..." your voice becomes a cry as he thrusts inside you, filling you. Your orgasm is instant and intense, every muscle locking on him, leaving your breathless. He slowly slips in and out of your body, keeping himself raised up on his arms so he can watch your face. The intensity in his eyes as they lock on yours is as rapturous as the feel of him swelling inside you with each thrust. You lock your legs around his waist and raise your hips to meet him. His hands slide under your shoulders, and he starts to move faster, thrust harder. You hear birds in the trees take flight from the sound of your bodies meeting, and your mingled cries. You hear him call your name again and again as he explodes inside you, your bodies cumming together.

You lay together, him still inside you, as he softly kisses your shoulders and neck. He looks up, meeting your eyes.

"You deserve better than me."

"Shush you."

"No. I love you. I want to give you everything...and I can't. You are so beautiful...and I am just...me. I never want to leave your side, never want to make you shed a tear. I want to fulfill your ever fantasy, make you laugh every day...hold you every night. I want...I need to be worthy of you...of your love."

"What makes you think you are not...?"

He looks at you helplessly. You answer comes in the form of a kiss, your tongue slipping into his mouth. You answer him with your passion, digging your nails into his back. You feel him harden inside you, and you feel powerful and alive. You roll, guiding him onto his back, and rise above him, rocking your hips. You arch your back as you make love to him, opening your body for his hands as they caress your breasts, glide over your belly.

With a sudden movement, he slips his hands under your thighs, and sits up, meeting you face to face. He is suddenly deeper inside you as he has ever been and your cry of pleasure echos through the trees. You lock your legs behind his back and his hands grip your ass as you move together. You kiss savagely, and dig your nails into back. You are amazed later to find you drew blood.

He takes your face in his hands and locks his eyes on yours. It takes all your willpower not to close your eyes from the intensity of emotion and energy moving between the two of you. You see him fighting the same struggle, and sudden your control is gone, crying his name as every muscle seems to fire at once. In a haze you are aware of his voice joining yours, and that even cumming you move as one.

He slowly lowers you back to the blanket, and falls beside you. The breeze from the water cools your sweat slicked bodies, as you bask in power of your lovemaking. You reach out and take his hands, and your fingers intertwine together.