 (this story does go across different categories, but I thought I would put it under the category for which it ends, instead of where it begins, please let me know what you think, by voting or sending me feed back)

*

By the time I got to my room, Cynthia was already there, and I wasn't sure why, but she stepped in with me, and she was about to let me know why. 

With a quick shove, she had me backed up against the door, and she was in front of me quickly with her knee between my legs with her mouth next to my ear. 

"Tim, I know that you were lying about my session this morning, and I hate liars, so I am here to show you how liars pay me back." 

I don't know why, but the feeling of her breath on my skin, and the smell of her perfume in my nostrils made me just want to devour her, so I shivered slightly, and I wasn't sure if she noticed, but I stood as still as I could, because all of a sudden, I started to get light headed. 

She ran her hand up and down my hardening cock, and pulled me over to the bed, and with one quick shove, I was down, and not really sure what was happening. , As I hit the bed, I started to feel sleep overtake me, and as 

Much as I tried to fight it, the last thing I remember was feeling her curl up next to me to say goodnight. 

I must have been out for a long time, because the next thing I heard was someone knocking/ banging at the door and having to yell. 

Bang Bang! 

"Security" 

"Tim are you in there, it's Yvette, and Diamond." 

I was so out of it that security had to key the room, and that is when I saw a side of both Yvette and Diamond which I had never seen before. 

"Oh Tim, are you ok? Says Yvette" 

Diamond rushed to my left, and Yvette rushed to my right, and security attempts to call in what the issue is, but he isn't sure, so he just waits. 

"What happened? Asked Diamond"

"I am not sure, I was up here hanging out with one of the ladies who was at the table from last night, and we were getting closer, and as we hit the bed, I just got very sleepy." 

As security looks around the room, and compares it to my story, the feeling is that I may have been drugged, but there were no glasses used from my room. 

As he tells his theory, I have to make sure this doesn't get around, and that I get up and get ready, so I check with everyone to make sure they will keep it quiet, and realize that my head is pounding, but I know I can make it down for our second day of workshops, maybe a shower will help. 

Yvette tells Diamond to go ahead and get to her workshops, that she would stay with me, which shocked me awake, but as Yvette held my hand and was telling Diamond she would take care of me, I could tell I was in good hands. 

Looking around where my money clip usually would be, I noticed my money was gone, and so were some of my massage oils. 

Yvette noticed what I was looking for, and questioned why I was looking for it, and I just handed her one of my cards. 

"Now Yvette, you have to understand this massage business has to stay private, because I don't want it to become public knowledge." 

"Tim you can trust me, but it looks as if your money has been stolen from you, and I am sorry about that." 

"Don't worry Yvette I will get the money back, and if not, I won't worry about it." 

I went off to shower, and to try to get my head to stop banging, and the soothing water was certainly helping, but being that I knew I had to get ready for the workshops, I try to hurry myself up, but just as I thought I was almost done, I felt two hands on my shoulders beginning to rub the knots out, and trying to get me to relax more. 

Those small yet soft hands were working magic on me, and what could I say, I relaxed under her touch, and even though she wasn't in the shower with me, all the bad memories from the night before began to melt away, and I just let my neck roll back and forth as she slowly moved her thumbs over the individual muscles, and the grooves in my neck as well. 

Before I fell too far into this massage, I turned off the water and made sure that Yvette knew what kind of affect she was having on me, so I asked that she hand me a towel. 

Before she knew it, I was out of the shower, and drying off, so that we could get ready to go, but she had other plans I guess. 

"Tim, I wanted to make sure you are doing ok, and that you have no ill affects from last night, so why don't you lie down." 

"I can tell everyone that you don't feel well, and get you excused from the day's activities." 

"Are you sure? I respond" 

Yvette assures me that everything will be fine, and at the same time, she gave me a peck on the cheek, but she has a serious desire for my cock, but she is glad that I can't see that lust in her eyes. 

As I wrap the towel around myself, and leave the bathroom to dress so that I can lie down, Yvette is out right behind me, and I begin to realize that even though we have worked together for along time, that I treasure Yvette, and that she can be such a nice friend as well. 

With a hint of playfulness Yvette comes and gives me a pinch on the ass as I was bent over looking in my suitcase for a pair of shorts to wear. 

As I jumped up and turned quickly, my towel slipped, and that is when Yvette took her opportunity, she pushed me gently to the couch, and climbed on my lap and kisses him softly. 

Moaning softly as my penis got harder between her legs, I slowly began to run my hands up and down her slim body, but as I reached her hips and her luscious waist, I smiles inwardly, knowing that I may soon be taking her from behind. 

We kiss slowly as if searching for something, and Yvette held my shoulders for support, as she rocked up and down my shaft, doing a dry hump, as she is still completely dressed. 

Breathless and with desire, we both had a decision to make, and I began to nibble down her neck right to the top of where her bra and shirt were showing, and there was very little said, she was just seeming to enjoy the attention, as her hips continued to move slowly as she slid further back, encouraging me to taste her nipples. 

The good thing about Yvette was that she was small enough for me to pick up and carry, so that is just what I did, so as I picked her up, her flip flops fell to the floor, and we kissed more, and then she laid on the bed waiting to see what would happen next. 

Before I made a move, she sat up, and began stroking me, and licking the head of my cock, and making sure that I was ready for her. 

While she was playing with my hardness, I was removing her shirt and bra, and making sure her motor stayed running, because I could tell from the warmth of her skin, and the hardness of her nipples, that she was ready to go. 

I kept giving her encouragement, stroking her head, and trying to make sure that she would take my love stick as deep and as much as she wanted. 

"Yvette, you know you want that cock, so please don't stop." 

"You know you are making me feel good." 

I stopped her performance on my cock, and then pushed her back on to the bed and pulled her pants off, and noticed that she wasn't wearing any panties, and that pushed more blood into my cock, and I was even more ready to bury myself to the hilt. 

I ran my fingers from her clit to her puckered asshole, then I slid my fingers into her and she began moaning out loud. 

"Oh, Tim, that feels nice, give me another finger, please." 

I started with two fingers, and that was because I didn't want to hurt her, but upon her request I slid three fingers into her, and her legs flew wide open, and she pulled them into her chest and began bouncing on the bed as she also began fingering her clit. 

"Mmmm, ooooo, yeah that's it baby, I knew you could do it, I always have looked at your hands as the ticket for me." 

"Uh god, yes, Tim, harder, curl your fingers inside me, yeah, that's it!" 

Now I started to really pay attention to every detail of what was getting her off, because I could tell that she and I enjoyed some of the same things, and I began to nibble her thighs, and suck on her labia, and that was the one thing that drove her over the edge. 

"Yes, right there Tim, keep sucking, you are going to make me cum!" 

I kept my fingers curled inside her, and instead of letting her fingers finish the job of the orgasm, I let my tongue do the job,, and it sent me into overdrive, and with just a few flicks of the tongue, I felt her legs clamp over my shoulders, and her vaginal walls squeeze my fingers, and she squeals with delight. 

With that, I pulled my fingers from her pussy, and slid between her legs, and pinned her below me, with her arms above her head, and positioning my cock at her entrance, I let her see the lust in my eyes, and I felt her curl her legs into her chest, and I slowly with one inch at a time enter her. 

We moan together, as if we knew this was going to happen, and I loved the feel of her tight pussy, and it is like I could sense her face contorting into bliss, but she was sending me off into the land of ecstasy, as she began to grind her hips, and then using the bed for leverage, she bounced, and we found our rhythm. 

All you could hear was the sound of two people in the rhythm of good sex, and grinding together, one seemingly dominating the other, but that wasn't the case, we were going stroke for stroke, and hanging with each other. 

Finally, Yvette, breaks her hands free, and decides that she has to be taken from behind, and I knew that from this position, I didn't stand a chance, because holding on to those womanly hips, and even those breast, I didn't stand a chance. 

As we got into position, and we began grinding together, and I felt her glove trying to milk me, I decided to hold on to her breast, and pull her off the bed, so as she held on to the bed, we went at it harder and harder, and this was threatening to cause me to explode from the toes, but I was holding on for every bit I was worth, I wasn't going to let her push me over the edge, I wanted to cum on my terms. 

"Come on Tim, cum for me, god your cock feels so good, I know you want to come, I can feel your cock swelling inside me." 

She was starting to swirl her hips now, and I couldn't stand it now, so I laid her on the bed, and began giving it to her harder, and she gave it to me good to, and finally I felt my cum boiling up, and I let loose with a fury. 

"Oh yeah Yvette, you know you have wanted me for a long time, so I am going to cum for you, just for you, and I am going to make you swallow all of my seed." 

With that, I pull out of her, and make her begin sucking my cock, and I explode with a load which I haven't seen in years, so much that she loses some of it, but she takes it from her lips and rubs it on her clit, and has a second quick orgasm, as she finishes me off. 

With Yvette and I having missed the morning sessions, we decide to shower up and try to join everyone for lunch, and what can I say, considering how she treated me, on that day, I never ever forgot what Ms. Yvette did for me.