 (I have enjoyed writing the Dallas story, this is all fiction, but look out for the traveling worker going to Baltimore and Louisville)

*

After meeting with Wendy on Thursday night, I wasn't sure my brain could transition into getting ready for another massage whether it was that night or early the next morning, and that was because she and I connected like lovers would, but after realizing that Shannon was waiting to hear from me, I decided to give her a call. 

It was about 10:00 pm by the time Wendy left, so I gave Shannon's hotel room a shot: 

"As she answers the phone, my voice caught in my throat, because it almost sounded like my ex-girlfriend. 

"Shannon, its Tim, how are you?" 

"Oh, I am OK, just a little tired; it was a long day of exhibiting today." 

"So what's up, did you get done with your other meeting?" she asks

"Yes I did, that's why I am calling, and I wanted to find out when you wanted to set up your massage." 

She takes the time into consideration, and says that we can meet after an early breakfast, like 7:00 am. 

We disconnect, I shower and clean up the room, and begin to think more about who this woman is. As I lay down, and my mind wanders into my past, I remember the days of how Shannon and I met, and how much passion we shared, and I also remembered how we left things, with a fractured relationship, and broken hearts. 

So it left me very unsure as to whether I wanted to see her again, and before I realized it, I had fallen asleep. 

The next thing I know there was a knock at the door, and I wake up thinking it can't be 7:00 am already.

I check my clock, and its 3:00 am, and I am wondering who in the world could be knocking at the door this early, in the middle of the night, and grabbing my cane just in case, I get to the door and as I do: 

"Who is it?" 

"It's Shannon, Tim" 

"I know what time it is, but I kept waking up, and I needed to see you."

Hearing this I open the door, and allow her entry into my bedroom, and boy was I in for a surprise. 

It was not my ex-girlfriend, but it was a Shannon which I knew from my past. 

"Tim, thank you for letting me in, do you remember me?"

"Shannon, you have to give me more details than your first name." 

"Well, if you remember from freshman year you and your roommate Patrick would always do the dunking of females when they came to your room if they did any mouthing off." 

"Oh, Shannon, yeah, and you kept coming back, and mouthing off, as if you wanted to be dunked, as if you loved getting put in those cold showers, and having to walk back to your room with wet hair and wet clothes." 

"That still doesn't explain why you are in my room at 3:00 am." 

Well, by 3:15 am, she certainly would take the time to show me, and she had us in the bedroom, and naked, and she had her own suitcase of toys which she enjoyed to bring herself to orgasm. 

This consisted of three specific things which she wanted me to use, anal beads, handcuffs, and a dildo. I would find out how she would want to use them during the sunrise. 

Remembering the descriptions I got back when we were in college, I would get descriptions from Sean later in the day, and Shannon had not changed that much, she was still a tiny bombshell, 5'2, 125, and smooth skin, and long auburn hair. She is a mix of Irish and African American, so she has some of the nicest brown skin you will ever see, and her eyes are a greenish brown, and she has a smile which can melt hearts. Her feet are small and cute, and her legs are thin yet powerful. One of her best features is her breast, and on that small frame, a 36 c look large, but the bottom line is they are nice and firm, because she was a cheerleader, and I would always see her in the gym when I would go. 

Instead of starting anything in the middle of the night, she decided that she just wanted to cuddle up close to me, which I wasn't exactly sure why, but I was determined to find out, it seems that there were some untold feelings from college which she wanted to explore, but I didn't want to interrupt the mood which was building, because I never had an opportunity to see what she was like in college, I just had a chance to see her in a wet t-shirt, and grab on to her long locks of wet hair. 

As we cuddled close, I learned that she smelled like apple cinnamon, and I truly loved that smell,, but it made me want to nibble her, and I did just that, starting at her neck, and she purred like a kitten. 

Since we were already naked this could work to my advantage, and she was very tired, and I continued light nibbles around her ear lobes, and she would push back into me, as if she wanted more, as I curled my arm around her to caress her breast and nipples. 

This was going to be a different kind of night, I could sense that from the moment I opened the door, I wanted to take it slow with her, and see if what was really there, is true, while at the same time ensuring the pleasure she wants is fulfilled. 

I slowly roll her to her back, as she is still sleeping, and begin to nibble down her body from her neck to her nipples, slowly nibbling her breast, and sucking her nipples. 

When I do this She squirms and begins to move and wake up, so that is when I decide to lock her hands above her head with the handcuffs. I kiss from her forehead down her face and to her lips, and just whisper: 

"This will give you everything that you want, and I hope that you can tell me all of your desires before it is all said and done."

She just smiles, and says nothing, so I continue my journey, as I kiss down her belly and to her hips and as she begins to really squirm, I take my place between her legs, and start to finger her slowly, and sliding more fingers deeper inside her. 

She continues to get wetter and wetter, and I then dive into her clit, making sure to pay extra attention to how she taste, and enjoying every lick. 

With this, her moans get louder, and her hips begin to grind as if she is riding a cock, but she doesn't move her hands, and she wants more. 

So with my other hand, I start to slide the anal beads toward her ass, but first I begin to lubricate it with the wetness from all of her juices from her pussy, and making sure that she is good and open for the beads to slide in easily. 

Her ass sways from side to side, as she begins to realize what I am about to do: 

"Oh Tim, the beads will do it for me, please give them to me slowly." 

As I hear this, I want to go even slower than she wants me to, and I have to make sure to tease her as well, because I want to have her on the edge for a lot longer than she can stand. 

I slide my finger into her ass, giving her a feeling of what it will be like to be penetrated, and making sure that she has a view of the beads, she begins to grind back and forth, as I play with her clit, pushing my fingers into her pussy, and also sliding a finger into her as to spread her open. 

Her moans are getting me hot, and it is making me want to see how far I can take this, but most of all it is getting my cock hard, and I want to burry it into her, but I am on a journey to bring her off in a way I never have another woman, so I take my time, to calm myself down, and make sure that she stays right on the edge, as I fondle the beads, and tease not only her vision by showing her the beads, but her sense of feel by letting her ass feel the beads right there on her. 

Slowly I take the smallest bead and slide it up into her ass and she squeals with delight, and when she gets comfortable, I go for another bead, and from the looks of the string, there are 10 beads, and I have no idea how she is going to fit them all, but, I am willing to try if she is. 

With every bead that goes in, I give her a celebratory lick on her clit, and she shutters with a mini orgasm. 

I crawl up next to her and whisper to her how proud of her I am, that she is being so good, as we kiss with passion, and she tries to move her hands, and I tweak her nipples, as if to get her back in line. 

She asks me what I am going to do with the dildo, and my eyes twinkle with delight, as I slide down her legs and start to kiss down toward her feet, and as I go back up to her pussy, I take the dildo, and slowly push it toward her opening, and as I push the head in, I slide the second to last bead into her ass, and as the dildo goes in deeper, she shivers, and groans, and her legs go higher into the air. 

She rocks back and forth, bringing her knees into her chest, and beginning to enjoy the ride. 

"Oh yes Tim, you are doing it right, now slide the last bead in, and keep it there." 

Hearing this, I go ahead and slide the last bead in, and seemingly the largest bead into her ass, and we begin to take her for the ride of her life. 

I push my finger into her ass to make sure the beads are all the way into her ass, and she begins to grind harder against the dildo. 

I then hold the dildo and pulling it in and out, we build up a rhythm, making sure to keep a steady pace, and making sure she has everything she wants. 

I hold her thighs, and I see her straining to hold on to the orgasm, and see the ripples of her muscles as she is trying to push through the desires she has. 

I then take her pleasure one step further, and nibble her thighs, and right down to her clit, and lick at it, and I feel her squirt around the dildo. I begin to pump the dildo in and out of her twisting it inside her, and as I pull it out, she squirts again. 

I hold her clit in my mouth, and her thighs clamp down on my head, and she pulls her body around my head, and begins that short journey to a big orgasm. 

"Tim, you know what I want, you are going to give me a big orgasm, the hell with the small ones, please make me come!" 

We had been at it for over an hour and a half now, and we were both perspiring now, and it was close to 5:00 am now, but it did not matter now, she was a freight train going downhill toward a mountain, loaded with dynamite. 

This explosion was going to be huge, and I was right in the middle of it, and I was proud to be the man who was giving it to her. 

Slowly I popped out one bead, and she shivered with delight, and she squirted again, and I licked harder on her clit. 

So I would keep licking her clit, and as she would moan harder or grind harder, I would pop out another bead, and she would squirt, and my chin was holding the dildo in place, so we had a plan for getting her over the edge, and as I found the right spot and right rhythm on her clit, she started to grind so hard that the dildo felt like it was going to knock out teeth, but we had her ready to explode, and I still had five beads to go, so I pulled out two beads, and she squirted and shivered harder, and her orgasm came this time. 

It lasted for probably a minute, as she clamped down, her toes curled, and I pulled out all of the beads, I continued licking her clit, and pushed the dildo all the way into her. 

With the continuation of her orgasm, she took her handcuffed hands and placed them over my head, to hold me in place, and I didn't mind, because I knew she needed to feel stable. 

I let go of her clit, and we let go of each other, as her toes uncurled, and I pulled up next to her and kissed her softly on the cheek, as I unlocked her hands. 

She dosed off, with the dildo still inside her, and I curled up next to her, but I was still left to wonder if this was to be the beginning of something special. In my mind, I knew this was the end of the Dallas trip, I was just hopeful that Shannon and I would be able to build from this early morning of passion.

The end of the traveling Worker in Dallas.