 The train to Madurai reached its destination in the late afternoon. There had been a delay of 3 hours. Those 3 hours had been a lazy duration with in and out of sleep. Krishna stretched his arms and yawned as he got alighted on the platform. Aeishwarya followed him out of the train rubbing her face and eyes. They walked quietly to a tea stall and ordered tea, both were still sleepy to talk. They sat on a bench.

"This is too sweet." Aeishwarya complained but had it anyways. Krishna was still not completely awake. He was clutching the Styrofoam cup to his cheek, his eyes closed. Winter was colder down here then it had been at home.

"Wake up baby." Aeishwarya called to him.

Krishna mumbled something that she couldn't hear.

"Babe..." 

"Hmmm" his eyes were still shut.

She took the cup from his hand and got up and hugged him. She ruffled his hair and kissed his forehead. He let go of his body and pressed his face into her.

"Wake up." She said again.

He opened his eyes but still leaned on her, "You look beautiful." He said as he shifted his gaze t her face.

She kissed his hair, "Come on now. We need to find a washroom"

Krishna sat there and finished his tea and admired his girlfriend while Aeishwarya asked the tea vendor directions for the waiting rooms.

"You are way too beautiful." He told her as they walked along the platform.

"And?"

"And...you need to brush your teeth. For that matter so do I" he said putting his arm around her.

She laughed and kissed him on his cheek. He made a disgusted face in mock which laughed more to.

They freshened up in the waiting rooms. By the time Aeishwarya came out Krishna had inquired around and bought two bus tickets to Kumily.

She had her hair in a messy braid. She was wearing her plain glasses. She had bought those after she and Krishna had seen a porn scene in one afternoon. Krishna seemed to have liked the pornstar's look.

"You look hot." Krishna knew that she had brought the glasses along, but wearing them now and that too with a braid was unexpected. He had a fetish with her hair and she knew that this would agonize him.

She hugged him a little too tighter, "I know." She whispered in his ears. She knew he was hard now.

Krishna blushed red and found his voice was stuck in the throat. He closed his eyes and breathed slowly.

"What happened? Are you uncomfortable?" she asked innocently.

"Absolutely nothing."

"Aww my poor baby." she laughed and removed the glasses, "Better be ready. You see, its going to be a hard trip."

The bus was going to leave after an hour. They had some lunch and coffee at a restaurant.

The bus came soon after. They had seats in the back section. The journey was going to take five odd hours. The bus was quite empty, only 7 or 8 other travelers and the a/c was on despite the cold weather. Aeishwarya had snuggled under a blanket and fallen asleep on his shoulder by the time they had reached the outskirts of the city. Krishna would occasionally kiss her head and play with her fingers but then he too fell asleep within some time.

Krishna felt something wet on his ear. And then a hand rubbing his semi hard cock through his denims. He woke up with a sharp intake of breath.

"Don't move." Aeishwarya whispered in his ear and probed his ear with her tongue. She gripped his cock and squeezed it hard.

Krishna realized that night had fallen early and that the blanket now covered both of them. The lamps above their seats were off and the rest of the bus was dark. The guy who had been sitting two seats behind was not there now and there was nobody else behind them. The bus was still pretty much empty.

"What time is it?" he asked her between breaths.

"Time to make you my slut." she said and bit on his neck and sucked.

She continued necking him and rubbing his cock for another 15-20 minutes. Then she told him to put his hand around her. The arm rest between them was already pulled back.

"Don't just sit there you slut. Serve my boobs"

Krishna put his one arm around her and then both his hands under her t-shirt. He pulled her bra under the breasts and started caressing them.

Aeishwarya purred and unzipped his denims. She gripped his cock and started jerking slowly. They played with each other while she dirty talked in his ear.

After some time she bit his ear, "Is this the best you can do? Haven't you been taught earlier? Is it the first time you are touching a real pair of breasts?" She gripped his balls and gave them a hard squeeze.

Krishna whimpered silently as pain shot through them. He always had sensitive balls and Aeishwarya knew that.

He became more aggressive with her breasts and started mauling them. He pinched and twirled and twisted and pulled them. Arcs of pleasure shot through Aeishwarya's body. Her grip on his balls loosened as she was enjoying the attention that her boobs were getting. He started using his nails and she stifled a squeal. They had been very quiet all this time and nobody in the bus had noticed them.

"That's it. Keep on doing that and I might reward you with something."

As Krishna played with her breasts he kissed her and sucked her tongue. He felt her groan in his mouth. Her hand had let go of his cock and now she was completely lost in the sensations that shot out of her breasts and her pussy.

He sucked on her ear and whispered, "I wish I could lick your nasty little asshole." He put his tongue in her ear.

Aeishwarya lost it and orgasmed. She clamped a hand on her mouth and shuddered as her juices gushed out of her pussy. Wave upon wave wrecked her slowing to aftershocks of the orgasm. Her mouth was open and her eyes had a glassy look. Her magnificent breasts heaved up and down.

Krishna kissed her mouth again and sucked her saliva. Suddenly Aeishwarya pulled back.

"Did I tell you to make me cum you fucking slut?"

Her hand grabbed his cock and started pumping. She would stop when he was about to cum. Her hand was slick from the precum. Her own pussy was been leaking juices. For the next few minutes she tormented him.

"Please..." Krishna whispered. His cock was writhing in agony.

"Please what?"

"Please let me cum."

"And why would I do that?"

"Please babe..."

"Why?" She scraped her nails lightly against the cockhead and the cock jerked wildly for a moment.

"I will do anything you say! Just let me cum now!"

Aeishwarya ducked under the blanket and took his cock in her mouth. She sucked his cock with a vengeance. Her tongue knew where to dance on his cock. Krishna pushed her head down and could feel the back of her mouth. She did a strong suction on his cock that drove him over the edge.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" he grunted and impaled her mouth further as he came.

When he had stopped cumming she showed him her mouthful of his cum swirling inside. Krishna watched in transfix as she swallowed it.

She then pulled him in a kiss. He could taste his own cum.

Aeishwarya whispered in his ears, "Told you it was going to be a hard trip."

*****

The bus dropped them at the Kumily bus stop by 11 in the night. They decided to lodge into a hotel in the village and continue to the park in the morning.

The hotel was a cheap one, but the only one in the village. Their room was small with a double bed. They put their bags into a corner and Aeishwarya pulled Krishna into a slow kiss.

"Why don't you get fresh while I'll get some food?" he asked her when their lips parted.

"Take the keys."

He kissed her head and locked the room behind him. He returned with some biryani and curd and four bottles of water.

Aeishwarya was sitting on the bed wearing a t-shirt and track pants. Her skin was blushed from the shower and she smelt of lavender.

He got freshened up while she served the food into paper plates they had carried with them. By the time dinner was done it was past midnight. They snuggled up in the bed under a blanket and fell asleep.

Later in the night Krishna woke up to pee. When he returned to the bed, Aeishwarya also had woken up.

"Hey beautiful." Krishna smiled.

"Hey handsome." She gave back a smile.

"You are looking so sexy and adorable." He kissed her forehead.

She giggled. She knew he would find her sexy right now. Ruffled hair and puckered lips. He always told that she looked sexy when she slept. She was sleeping beside him, her head on his arm and her arm on his chest. He kissed her lips lightly.

"You can't keep away from kissing me, can you?"

"You are such a damn fine kisser." He kissed her again.

"Am I?" she kissed him.

The kiss started as a light kiss and then became passionate. He ran his tongue along her teeth and she opened her mouth the let him enter. Their tongues twirled around each other and Krishna sucked her tongue into his mouth. He loved the taste of her mouth. She climbed on him pressing herself into his chest. He felt her hard nipples against his chest. His hands found their way inside her t-shirt and he felt her back. Aeishwarya broke their kiss.

"What are you waiting for?" she asked and again kissed him and pulled him up and sat in his lap feeling his erection poke her.

Krishna touched her breasts lightly. He ran his fingers along the underside of her breasts. She pressed her breasts into him. He flicked his fingers lightly over her nipples. She moaned into his mouth and he kneaded her breasts. He stroked around her nipples in circles. She kept pushing herself into him.

He pinched her nipples making her bite his lower lip. She sucked on it as Krishna tweaked her nipples. She broke the kiss and pushed him back. She pulled his t-shirt of and starting kissing his chest. She ran her hands all over his back and kissed his neck and ears. She took the lobe of his ear into her mouth and sucked it. Krishna moaned loudly as she bit his ear. He pulled at the hem of her t-shirt and pulled it over her head.

He looked at her for a moment. She was looking so attractive. He loved her and her body. Her ruffled hair fell on her breasts, the erect nipples pushing through the strands of hair. Her eyes were full of lust and love. He put his hand behind her neck and pulled her into a kiss. He pushed her on the bed and kissed her neck. He lightly bit her color bone and kissed it. He licked her breasts in circles around the nipples. She arched her back. Krishna took one nipple in his mouth and rolled it with his tongue while his other hand pinched the other nipple. She whimpered as he interchanged the nipples. Then pinching them he went down and kissed her stomach and licked her navel. He could smell the musky intoxicating smell of her arousal. He lowered himself more and kissed just above her pubic bone. Aeishwarya writhed under him and clenched his hair.

He went further lower and smelled her fragrance once more. He saw her pajamas wet with arousal. He came to her face and started kissing her again. His hands trailed around the waist band of pajamas. He again started kissing and licking her breasts. She ground her body against him and pulled him into her. She pushed his hand down and rubbed it between her thighs.

"Oh yes!" she moaned as he started fondling her pussy lips. Making circles on her hood with her thumb he fingered her with alternating paces, swelling and ebbing like a wave.

"Fuck...my pussy...good..." she said between breaths.

Krishna removed his finger and inserted the middle and the ring fingers inside her. With his thumb on her clitoris he clamped his index and little finger under her pussy. Clasping her like that he started fingering her wildly.

Shrills of pleasure started escaping her as small explosions erupted in her crotch. Her hips started bucking in pace with his hand and she pushed herself down on his hand. He pushed her legs back and over her. His tongue shot for her asshole. The juices from her pussy had seeped down the crack and covered it. The cum gave it an exquisite taste.

"Fuck you Krishna!" She screamed as she shuddered and a shattering orgasm rocked across her pussy and then through her body.

He lapped up all her cum and then cleaned her across her asshole, taint and pussy.

"You look beautiful." He looked at her from between her legs. Her pussy was glistening, her breasts heaving and her face was flushed with grin.

"You are fucking insane! Now my turn." She kneeled between his legs and licked his cock head. She tickled his balls with her tongue.

Krishna pushed his cock in her mouth. She played with it using her tongue. She let her saliva drool over it and let it fall to the floor. Making slurping noises she pushed his cock deeper. Seeing her full lips slithering on his wet cock made him even harder. He clutched her head and fucked her mouth like a piston. He felt the strain in his balls increasing.

"That's right. Keep sucking." He grabbed her braid and pushed his cock deeper in. She sucked him till he was about to cum and then let go of his cock. 

Pushing him onto the bed she climbed onto him for a 69. Krishna lapped at her soaping pussy, sucking the nectar as it covered his mouth and chin. Aeirshwarya ground her pussy into his face as she sucked his cock. Her slurping sounds were driving him insane. She deep throated him, massaging his cock with her tonsils.

Whimpers and moans were emitted as they orally pleasured each other.

He could feel her saliva drop on him as she came up for air. He pushed two fingers into her pussy as he continued licking it. She moaned and arced her back, pushing into him more. Returning her attention to his cock she slurped it again, her tongue playing havoc on it.

Krishna removed his slick fingers from her pussy and pushed it into her asshole slowly. Aeishwarya tensed up and started sucking with a new vigor. Following her Krishna sucked and fingered her to match her pace.

"Lets cum together!" Aeishwarya gasped before taking the cock back in her mouth.

Another half minute into it and Krishna cummed first. He shot ropes after rope of cum that hit the roof of her mouth. Feeling his hot cum splattering in her mouth she too came and clamped her mouth on his cock as well her pussy on his mouth. She felt his moan vibrate through her pussy and she too came. Grunts and moans filled the room. Krishna couldn't take suck on all her cum and it covered his face as she rocked. Aeishwarya swallowed his juices.

They lay there on the bed like a heap after their orgasms subsided. Krishna's face was still between her legs.

"I am so exhausted that I can't even get up." Aeishwarya said. The room smelled of sex and it only made her hornier.

He slid from under her and lay beside her, "You taste exotic. Up here," he kissed her lips, "And down there."

"Then why don't you taste me again?" she kissed him, "Up here," and pushed his hand down to her pussy "And down there."