 I know it's been a while but I'm still writing. Lots of half formed stories, but unfortunately, real work with real pay must take precedence.

This short series is close to completion so I will start to release it. There are three chapters, I'll publish one a week.

Please enjoy, and write feedback. I like the feedback.

*** *** ***

Cecilia stopped to consult her map again. As she dropped her daypack at the base of a ponderosa pine and crouched to retrieve the map and compass, the faint scent of vanilla that this type of tree was known for wafted to her nose. She popped a piece of homemade jerky into her mouth, closing her eyes and enjoying the bite of the cracked black pepper on her tongue. Standing, she threw back her head to drink from her canteen. The last of her water dribbled out of the water bottle as she drank. She needed to find that little lake soon. 

After carefully putting her water bottle and snacks back in the pack, she used her compass to take a bearing to the distinctive craggy rocks at the top of Mitre Peak. Then she sat with a pencil to mark the map, an errant lock of her shoulder length blonde hair blew into her mouth as she drew a line. She went to fix her ponytail and the rubber band snapped. Cursing while she dug in her bag for a spare, she found her last one.

After redoing her high ponytail she took a compass bearing to another peak in order to triangulate her position. The ceiling lines missed the lake by less than a half mile; she was getting close. The lake must lie just on the other side of the ridge to the west. 

She was hiking off trail as she and her father had done many times in her 23 years of life. It was always fun to adventure where most never went. But no trails also meant you needed to find your own way. She did not think she was lost but sun was only a couple hours from setting. If she found some water she could make her way back to the trailhead where her car was parked. It was five miles back and she could make it easily with the light the full moon and her flashlight. 

She would have been fine, and made the round trip before sunset with plenty of time to spare, but some moron with the department of forestry had decided to lock the handle on the well pump. Finding her planned water source locked up she had looked at her map and seen a spring and this little lake not too far out of the way along her return path. Or it had seemed not far out of way. She had not included the additional difficulty of cross-country hiking in her mental calculations.

Since climbing through that barbed wire fence a way back the land had given over to rolling grassy meadows with a few stands of pines here and there. It made for long views and easier walking but also meant she should see the lake already. She pressed on, sure the lake was close and would come into view over the next hill.

To entertain herself, she challenged her mind to imagine the worst thing that could possibly happen. First she reflected on tripping and breaking her leg. Would she die of exposure or dehydration as she lay helpless? Given her current parched state she decided dehydration would most likely win out. But that way seemed too slow and boring, so she kept thinking, trying to come up with something more interesting.

Next she imagined a mountain lion stalking her and when she least expected it, it would pounce and break her neck in its strong jaws. After the big cat finished feasting on her flesh the vultures could strip her bones. Hopefully, mountain lions did not play with their pray the way house cats did. She shuddered at the thought of being tossed and batted about. She cast her mind again, for something less disturbing.

Lastly, she pictured a crazed mountain man trapping her and keeping alive as his sex slave. She entertained herself by playing out endless permutations of her sex slave musings as she walk along. Each version the crazed mountain man looked more like a rugged Christian Bale or Chris Evans. She wondered if she should have one of them play a rescuing hero. The rescuing hero, whom despite his high morals, was overcome at the nude site of her and demanded an immediate, and highly physical, reward before untying her from the bed.

His rough hands spread her thighs so he could lick her center. She struggled against the bonds as he made her wet and ready with his tongue. Without worrying about how he had become naked, he pressed his large cock at her opening. It caused a pleasurable pain as he forced his way inside-.

"Oh!" she was shocked from her fantasy world by stumbling across a well worn trail. 

Looking left and right, she gambled that it must go to the lake. She followed it to the right. If it did not go to the lake it seemed to head in the correct general direction and would make for easier walking.

Just over the next low rise in the trail she caught sight of sparkling blue water in the bottom of a bowl shaped hollow. It was like a painting. Bright blue water surrounded by lush green meadows, and a small copse of pines at one end.

"I need to come back and camp here," she said aloud.

Spirits renewed by the sight of water, she ambled along the trail thinking she would likely find the spring among the trees. 

Stopping where the trail passed near the tiny lake to admire the view she heard a loud whisper from her left, "My god, you're gorgeous." 

Cecilia look over to see a tall handsome man she could have sworn was not there a moment ago. By his hushed tone she was not sure she had been meant to hear what he had said.

He was a good looking man, probably a couple years shy of 30, and rugged much like the crazed mountain man in her mind, or her sexually demanding rescuer. He had a dark brooding quality, but with kind eyes. He was definitely flirt worthy. 

And apparently interested in her. 

She watched his eyes travel down her legs, and back to her butt, where it lingered for several seconds before returning to her face, taking in all 5 foot 4 of her slim body. She had no idea how to respond to his frank greeting or unguarded leering. He had not really greeted her directly yet. She smiled in a welcoming way.

More loudly, the man went on, "I was just coming to look for you. I was getting worried you got lost or something."

Looking for her? Confused and somewhat affronted at the suggestion she could not find her own way, she vaguely protested, "I'm not lost."

"You're very late. I started to think you were not coming."

Feeling a little mischievous and wanting to flirt she played along. "If you knew me, you'd know I'm never late for anything. Besides, I think the party starts when I get there anyway." She winked.

He nodded as if understanding and accepting her statement, then all the sudden he became distracted and sounded unsure as he said, "I've never done anything like this before. Should we establish a safe word or something before we get started?"

Her eyebrows knit together in confusion. "Safe word? Why would we need..." Then her eyes shot large. Obviously, he was meeting someone, a female someone, and they needed a safe word? This was too funny. She decided to tease him a little more and lead him on. Maybe she could get a future date out of this. She chewed her lip and said, "Peanut butter."

"Peanut butter?" His brow krinkled in a way that she found adorable. 

"That's the 'safe word'." 

"Oh, okay." His eyes took her in head to toe again. "Wow, I really wasn't expecting you to be this beautiful."

Cecilia was never comfortable receiving flattery. She bit her lip in consternation.

"My real name is Martin," he said as though he was unsure she would welcome this information.

"Cecil," she answered almost automatically.

"Cecil?"

"Well, Cecilia is the name on my driver's license, but my friends call me Cecil."

"I like Cecilia better, it's very pretty. Is it your real name?"

"Yeah?" 

She she wondered why it would not be, but then she remembered he was waiting for some mystery girl. What kind of girl would he not know what she looked like or her name, and she might use a fake name, and they would need a safe word? The picture coming into focus in her mind was... intriguing. He had some kind of arranged hook up and she had stumbled into it. He was hot and seemed nice enough, maybe she could hijack this date or whatever it was and steal him for herself. She would play along and see where it went, this was going to be fun. 

"A lovely name for a lovely girl. If you don't mind, I'd like to call you Cecilia."

"Okay." Again she was uncomfortable with the flattery. "Can I call you Marty?"

"I would prefer you didn't."

"Alright." She tapped her chin. "How about Martian."

"Absolutely not."

She detected she hit a sore spot with that, some childhood torment most likely, but despite his frown, his eyes were still kind. She decided to lighten his mood.

With mirth she said, "Alright, then I'll call you Tin-man." 

"Tin-man?"

"You know Mar-tin, Tin-man. Get it?"

"Oh, I got it the first time, just not sure why I need a nickname."

"I like to nickname people. It's a thing I do. It breaks down personal barriers." 

She was happy to see his smile returned. In reference to the Tin man of Oz, she thought to herself, 'Maybe later I can oil you up and watch you chop firewood.' She suspected he looked great without a shirt. She imagined his skin glowing with moisture and muscles rippling as he swung an axe heavily down onto cord wood.

He jolted her from her fantasy by saying, "I like the outfit. You really do look like a lost hiker."

Feeling even more playful she cheekily responded, "That's why I've been voted 'Miss Verisimilitude' three years running."

He laughed. She was pleased he understood her joke. Many people found her humor too obtuse. As she smiled about to make another quip, a loose trest of hair blew into her mouth causing her to spit it out, looking like she was having an attack and spoiling her moment.

With a natural smile and ignoring her sputtering fit, he went on, "Come along, let me show you the cabin."

Recovering, but self-conscious about looking like a spaz a moment earlier, she said, "There's a cabin?" 

"Of course," his forehead creased in confusion, "The cabin I gave you directions to. It's this way, back through the trees."

Out of curiosity she followed.

In a clearing in the middle of the pines a small stone cabin stood. The stone had been white once but was now varnished dark with age and decorated with flourishes or bright orange and green lichen. The steeply pitched roof was out of place, as it looked new, made from standing seam steel sheets painted jade green. A foot wide stream wound around from behind the structure, crossing in front under a concrete bridge. Except for the new roof, the scene had a very magical feel helped by the low angled sun shining small rays through the trees. One might expect a fairy creature to live here. She loved it.

"That's cute. It looks old." She said.

"My great-great-great-grandfather built it in the 1800's."

"Really?"

"Yeah, he had 8000 acres up here. Ran cattle."

"That's cool. You inherited it?"

"What's left. Only about 400 acres now."

"Only," she snorted sarcastically.

"It's gonna get cold with the sun setting, let's get inside, I'll make you dinner."

"No thanks, I'm just going to get some water from the spring and be on my way if that's cool with you. I need to keep moving if I'm going to make it back before total dark."

"Aw. We're getting started then?"

"What? I just need some water, then I'll get out of your hair so you can do whatever it is you're up here to do, Tin-man." She smirked, thinking about him being out here to get naughty with some lucky girl. Very lucky girl, she amended looking at his handsome face. "I need to go, so I do not get in the way. Maybe I'll check on you another time when you are free. You can show me the cabin then."

Martin closed his eyes, she watched a switch flip in him as he got into character. He opened his eyes and brashly said, "You know you're trespassing, right."

"Huh?" she was startled.

"I don't just let people go when I catch them."

"You don't?" She was embarrassed to hear a nervous warble in her voice.

"You'll have to find some way to pay me for passage." He was becoming a little maniacal sounding.

"What the fuck is going on?" she asked, getting worried.

"I'll let you work off your debt."

"Uhm?"

Next thing she knew was across his strong arms being carried to the stone cabin. 

'Shit, shit, shit.' she thought. 'This is going sideways in a hurry.'

She pounded a fist on his rock hard chest and kicked her legs. He shifted her over his shoulder belly down in a fireman carry position with his hand firmly holding her ass. She continued the pound at his nicely muscled back, pretty sure she was hurting her hands more than she was hurting him.

Feeling helpless she yelled, "Wait! Wait! You caught the wrong girl." 

In what seemed an instant he had her in the cabin. He sat her on her feet and turned her facing away from him. She was about to protest again when he kissed the bare top of her shoulder near the nape of her neck. The surprisingly gentle touch sent a shockwave through her, stealing her breath and robbing her of her voice.

Next, she was relieved of her pack. Martin kissed the back of her neck as his fingers gently danced down her sides, then detoured to squeeze her ass. He was nibbling her ears now. She leaned back into him and he hugged her around the waist.

Cecilia spun in his arms and moved to kiss him. In an instant she became angry when he dodged back avoiding her kiss. He spun her facing away again and both hands squeezed her ass.

Pissed at being rebuffed, she called out, "You need to stop this right now. I really am a hiker and not the woman-"

She cut off her own words with a squeal as his thumbs hooked in her shorts and drew them down to her knees. It took her split second to realize he'd captured her panties as well. She was taking in the horror that she was nude below her waist when he forced her forward, bent over the side of the bed. 

'What kind of blind date am I hijacking? I was hoping to seduce him, but this is ridiculous.' she thought to herself. 

Cecilia was momentarily distracted by the pleasant scent of the fabric softener wafting up from the blanket her face was shoved in. She vaguely wondered what type of man used fabric softener, then she heard his pants coming off.

'Oh God, he was really going to do it,' she realized.

She told herself she needed to protest more loudly.

"Uhm, I might not mind if we knew each other a little better first, but-"

And he was inside her, thick and stretching her intimately. She noted she was wet enough for him to be making splashing sounds. 'When did that happen?' she asked herself. 

Martin breathed, "Oh God, you're tight." He began stroke in and out. "You feel wonderful."

'Oh yeah, I need to protest.' She reminded herself.

She spoke best that she could, "Oh, ah, wait, don't, ah, God." 

She hung her head in shame. It should not feel so good. She continued to shout curses and pleas for him to stop. It occurred to her that if she was encouraging him it would sound much the same.

An evil little voice in her head taunted her, 'You have a safe word. You could have stopped him if you really wanted to. You still could.'

Cecilia vocalized her response to the demon in her brain, "Oh, stop, mmm, shit," the demon laughed so she shout at it, "Just, shut, up." 

He grabbed her ponytail and pulled her head off the bed arching her back. Her body followed his tug and she pushed back into his thrusts. 

After the longest 8 minutes of her life, he pounded her even harder. It felt like he was going to cum finally. Shit, she might cum too.

"That's right take it, I'm going to fill you," he said savagely.

"Wait! What! No!" she shouted. 

Then he stuffed himself deep inside her and she felt it surge into her. He stabbed deeply several times she imagined each thrust represented a new tidal wave of potent sperm into her body. Her panic at the prospect of her fertile womb being filled with cum robbed her of the climatic release that she had been on the precipice of.

She was far enough into her monthly cycle it should not matter but she resolved to go get a morning after pill anyway. She thought she would have to see to getting some birth control if he was going to insist on being this irresponsible.

He released her and she fell limp, the rubberband having snapped her hair came loose in a tangled mess. The Tin Man gingerly finished stripping her and loaded her into the bed. He brushed her hair out of her face and almost kissed her, but he stopped himself. 

"Sorry," he muttered. If she did not miss her guess, he was disappointed not to kiss her. She was more than a little disappointed as well. He fastened his pants closed and moved away from her.

Thoroughly fucked and cozy under a heavy down blanket she watched Martin stoke a fire in the pot belly stove while she lie in a malaise. He went about heating food from an ice chest and frying a couple of steaks in an iron pan. She considered taking the opportunity to run away, but it did not seem worth the effort. He had already had his way with her. 

Too bad she did not have another rubber band for her hair. The fine stands never liked to behave and now, unrestrained, her hair would look like a tangled fishing line. Trying to make some sense of her hair she talked to herself. 

"Damn, that actually happened," she grumbled not knowing she had spoken aloud until he responded. 

"Yep and you were fastasic, now we eat."

She reflected that it had been pretty good. She had almost cum. Maybe next time he would get her there. It would be the first time a man got her over the top with only penetration. Yes, she would coax him into getting her to cum next time.

She bantered, "Guys usually buy me dinner before trying to get in my pants." 

"Sorry, you were just too irresistible, I couldn't wait."

He brought her a plate with pan fried steak and asparagus with honey rolls. He sliced the food into small bites and carefully fed her. Every bite was delicious.

Between fork loads she complained, "I know how to feed myself."

"No, you agreed to be my prisoner for the night. Eat up, you're going to need your strength."

She attempted to calculate what would be more humiliating, confessing that she really was a trespasser now or waiting until later. She knew which option sounded more fun. Then she registered what he said.

"Wait, all night?"

"I have you for the whole night. I'm not wasting my chance to have the prettiest girl in the world in my bed and at my command."

Time to put whimsy aside and confess.

"You know, in all seriousness, I really am just a trespassing hiker who came here looking for water. I don't know what happened the girl who is supposed to be here."

"Uh huh, and your transgression is going to cost you your mouth next."

"My mouth?"

He set the leftover food aside and began shedding his clothes. Shocked by his blatant disregard for typical propriety around strangers (silly, she knew, considering recent events) she said nothing. Besides she was a little curious.

His chest was as good as she expected, the abs even better, but it was his shoulders that excited her for some reason. He had the best shoulders she had ever seen. His body was sculpted by hard physical work not a gym, he was leanly muscular rather than bulky. God, she loved it.

When his pants came off she enjoyed the shape of his ass. When he turned to her he was already hard. And impressive in size she hastened to notice.

Realizing she had sat and gawked, losing another opportunity to run she rambled incoherently, "I, wait, mouth? You want." 

She knew what he wanted. But it would not be a passive thing. She could no longer pretend she did not have a choice. If she worked him the way she wanted to, it would be all her.
