 During the four years I was going to Cornell University, I worked every summer as a camp counselor at a very expensive camp in the Adirondacks in New York state. It was an enjoyable job, since it was working in the beautiful outdoors, the job was reasonably well-paid, with room and board included, and most of the kids, ages 15-18, were pleasant enough to handle. A lot of them came from wealthy families living in places like "The Hamptons", so many of them tended to be a little snobbish, but otherwise they were okay. 

I have already recounted here in the story "Cherry Picking at Summer Camp" one of my enjoyably erotic experiences at this camp with two of the 18-year-olds who were there, but here is another one of my experiences there when I was 24 and this time with a fellow counselor, who was 21.

Jessica, or "Jessy" as she liked to be called, also came from a wealthy family and was a sophomore at Sarah Lawrence. She had chestnut-brown hair that hung down below her shoulders. She was small and slight, weighing only about 105 pounds, and she had a lovely face with an engaging and mischievous smile.

But her most noticeable point, or I should say "points", was her chest. Because of her small size and weight, her breasts naturally were small as well. But they also appeared to have hard poky nipples. Most of the time she did not wear a bra under the thin gray T-shirts that she usually wore, but because of her "points" she attracted attention from the other male counselors. Naturally, she acted like she was unaware of their attention.

Some of the counselors dated each other during their off-time, but it was pretty apparent that Jessy was not interested in dating anyone since she said she had a serious boyfriend at a college near Sarah Lawrence. But the boyfriend apparently was traveling around Europe during the summer without her. 

Camp was nearly over for the summer, but the counselors were expected to spend three days there after all the campers left. The first day was for a large joint cleanup. The second day was free to do anything you wanted, and the third day was for final paychecks, a farewell speech, and recruitment for next summer—since most of the counselors returned every year.

I was sitting alone at a table in the commissary, having dinner and reading a book that first night of the three when Jessy, carrying her dinner platter, sat opposite me. She was also carrying a People magazine. "Can I sit here?" she asked.

"Of course." I put the book down as she sat.

"What are you doing tomorrow?" she asked.

"Not much of anything. Reading a book I guess. 

"How would you like to play Treasure Hunt with me?"

"That sounds like fun. How does it work?"

"It's sort of like that story 'The Greatest Game.' You give me a half hour head start, then you try to track me down. I leave clues along the way. But we're surrounded by a big forest here, so there are a lot of places to hide. You would have two hours to find me."

"What happens then—if I do find you?"

"You get the treasure."

"Which is what?"

"You'll find out if you get it."

"And what if I can't find you?"

"Then you lose. And you...." She thought about it. "You have to pay me five dollars."

I laughed. "It sounds like fun. I'm up for it. I don't have anything else to do. Who else is playing?"

"Just you and me."

Now it was really beginning to sound like fun. I wondered what the treasure would be.

"What time do we start?"

"Nine o'clock. I'll meet you at the rec center right after breakfast."

"I'll be there."

"Good. And it will probably be around noon by the time we finish the game, so why don't you bring some sandwiches in a knapsack, and I'll bring the drink."

"Sounds good." 

There was a very nice pizza and sandwich shop a short distance from the camp, so the next morning I picked up a pair of Italian subs and some potato chips and put them in my knapsack.

Jessy showed up at the rec center right on the dot of nine. She was wearing a plaid shirt, a pair of short denim cutoffs and white running shoes. She also had a black knapsack on her back, so I assumed she had picked up the drink, whatever it was. And she was carrying a rolled up magazine.

"Good to see you have the knapsack," she said. "Most of the clues I leave, you can discard after you find them. But if it looks like something that I might want back, just put it in your knapsack."

"Okay."

"Give me a half hour head start." 

"Okay." 

She turned and headed down the trail at the edge of the camp. I knew that the trail ended at Long Lake, where we often went for swimming instruction. God, she's cute, I thought to myself. Pretty face, lovely smile, and a beautiful figure. But I assumed that all I could do was look. Little did I know.

I waited a half hour, reading my book. Then, promptly a 9:30, I headed down the trail after her.

I found the first clue at about a 100 yards. It was a page from the People magazine, speared on a tree branch.

The next ten clues were the same thing: pages from the magazine. But after that, the clues started to get more interesting. I found her plaid shirt draped over a branch. I assumed this was the kind of thing she wanted me to bring along, so I stuffed it in my knapsack. A little further on, I found her denim shorts laid across the top of a small bush. Now it really was getting interesting. I put them in my knapsack.

Long Lake, which would be at the end of the trail, was a lovely forest lake surrounded by expensive summer residences. Assuming that some of the people would still be there even though it was early September, I was a little surprised to find the next clue: a pair of white bikini panties, also hanging from a branch. I took them off the branch, sniffed them (naturally), and put them in the knapsack. I began to wonder what the devil she was left wearing?

The trail finally ended at a dirt road, across which was a log cabin summerhouse on the edge of Long Lake. I crossed the road and saw that the house appeared to be closed up for the season. On the front steps was one of Jessy's white running shoes. I assumed the other one would be on the back steps, and when I walked around the house, I found that I was right. I put them both in the knapsack.

I looked around, assuming that other than the knapsack she must have run out of clues by this time. In the back of the house was a dock leading out into the water. About a hundred feet out from the dock was a small float, apparently for swimmers. Lying face down on the float beside her black knapsack but resting her face on her elbows was Jessy. And she was completely naked. Beside her were two bottles of what appeared to be wine. 

"You found me!" she cried. 

"Yes!" I started to walk out on the dock, and then I saw them: two pieces of a green velour bathing suit, which looked like they had not been worn. 

"What time is it?!" she cried.

I looked at my watch. "Ten-Thirty!" 

"Then you won!"

"What did I win?"

"Come on out here and find out! The water's fine!"

"I don't have a bathing suit!"

"Neither do I! You can wear mine if you want! It's right there!"

Yeah, that sounded like a great idea. Me in a girl's bathing suit. I took the two pieces of her bathing suit off the posts and stuffed them into the knapsack. Then I took off my clothes and laid them on the dock. 

"Do you have the sandwiches?!" she called.

"Yes!"

"Then bring them with you! You can swim out with the knapsack on your back! I have champagne! Two bottles!"

I didn't know who else she was inviting, but it sounded like a wonderful party. I put the knapsack on my back, walked out to the end of the dock, climbed down a wooden ladder to the water, turned and swam out to the float.

"This is really a surprise," I said, climbing up on the float and looking down at her pretty naked body. "It's not what I expected."

"What did you expect?"

"I don't know, but not this."

Then she turned over to look up at me. "Are you disappointed?" 

Wow—what a beauty. Her quarter-size nipples were hard and pointy, like pencil erasers, and between her thighs, she had a chestnut brown tuft of trimmed maidenhair. She also had a cute little butt that looked like it had never been plundered. She was quite the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. "Are you kidding?" I replied. "I think I've died and gone to heaven. Can I assume that you are the treasure?"

"That was the idea."

"I like the idea. But would you like to explain?"

"All right." She stood up. She was about three inches shorter than me, and even though I was trying not to, I was beginning to get an erection. 

"Can you open the champagne?" she asked, handing me a bottle. 

I looked at the label. Korbel. I unfastened the wire and twisted off the cap. She picked up two plastic glasses that had been beside the bottle and held them out. I filled both of them.

"To treasure," she said, raising her glass.

"To treasure," I replied. And we both drank our champagne.

"I have a boyfriend in a college near where I go."

"I know that."

"Oh...Anyway, he's in Europe for the summer."

"I know that too."

She laughed. "You seem to know a lot about me."

"I inquired."

"I'm flattered. At any rate, his family paid for the trip, but they don't particularly like me—my family's not rich enough I guess—so neither Donald nor his family offered to include me."

"The swine."

"Yes. Anyway, I'll be seeing him when I go back to college, and I assume he's probably had some fun with European girls during the summer, while I've spent the summer herding a bunch of little rich kids."

"True."

"So I thought it was my turn to have a little fun before I left. Can I have some more champagne?"

I refill both of our glasses, and she drank hers. "So I tried to think of who I would like to have sex with—and you were the number one choice."

"Why?"

"I don't know," she said with a smile. "There's just something about you that I like."

I laughed. "So you're using me as a sex object, in other words?"

"I guess so. Do you mind?"

"Absolutely not. What do you want me to do?"

She looked down at my penis. "Well, I can see that you're already getting interested in the idea, so would you like to start off with a blowjob?"

"I would love to start off with a blowjob." I looked around. "But what about the people who live around the lake?" 

"I can't do everybody!" she said with mock indignation.

"You know what I mean."

She turned to look as well. "I don't think any of them are here. It looks deserted. I imagine most of them have left for the summer. But if any of them are still here—and have binoculars—they're welcome to watch."

What a little exhibitionist, I thought. "Okay by me." 

"Good." She put her glass down on the float and got down on her knees. "This is a very nice-looking penis," she said, curling her hand around it.

"As long as we're delivering compliments, let me say that I've enjoyed looking at your nipples all this summer."

She laughed and looked down. "I know. They're very outstanding, aren't they?"

"Yes." 

She kissed the end of my now fully-erect cock, then slowly swirled her tongue around the head and licked the shaft from bottom to top. I thought I was going to die—which was okay because I felt I was l already in heaven.

"I'm not going to be able to talk with my mouth full," she said, "So I'll tell you now: It's okay with me if you come in my mouth. I like it."

"Wonderful."

Holding my cock by the base, she put the rest of it in her mouth and began sucking. Now the only problem with being a young man is that you don't have much staying power when a beautiful girl is sucking your cock for the first time. After about five minutes, I couldn't take it any longer and came in copious gushes. At first she gagged a little, but then she swallowed all of it and turned up to look at me with a smile on her face—and cum dripping from chin. "Yum, yum," she said.

"This is the greatest treasure I ever had in my life," I replied.

"Good. Let's have some more champagne while your energies build up again. I brought plenty. After lunch, I plan to spend the afternoon out here if you're willing." She turned, sat down on the float, reached for the bottle of champagne, refilled the glasses, and handed me mine. 

"To blowjobs," she said raising her glass.

"To blowjobs." I raised mine, and we both drank.

"Would you like to repay the favor by going down on me?" She asked a little while later.

"I would love to go down on you."

"Good. Then you're one ahead of Donald. He thinks it's 'unmanly.'"

"He doesn't know what he's missing." I put my drink aside as she laid down, flexed her knees, and spread her thighs. Now I had tasted some fine desserts in my life, but this looked like the most tempting dessert I had ever seen. I laid down on the float so that my head was between her thighs, then I scooted up, kissed her little bush and pushed inside it with my tongue. She may have been sexually active with her boyfriend, but she also was extremely tight. Also, her pussy tasted deliciously fresh, probably from swimming across the lake.

I suddenly remembered an oral sex technique that I had once read about in a men's magazine. It suggested that you locate the clitoris, and then spell your name on it with your tongue.

It must have been a good idea because in a very short time she was moaning: "God...oh God..."

And then she had an orgasm—which also tasted good. I decided to spell out the word "Delicious" with my tongue—and still moaning, she had another orgasm, 

Finally she sat up. "That is the first time I have ever had an orgasm from someone doing that."

I sat up as well. "Really?"

"Yes, really. You're a great lover." She smiled. "And now, how would you like to eat a sandwich—to rebuild your energies?"

"That sounds like a good idea."

We ate our sandwiches and had another glass of champagne.

"Are you ready for act three?" she asked.

"Absolutely."

"Would you mind being on the bottom? I'm afraid of getting splinters if I'm on the bottom."

"I don't mind at all." I stretched out.

She looked around. "Would you mind turning the other way—so that I'm facing the houses?"

I didn't have to ask the reason for that. If anyone was still there, she wanted them to be able to see. I turned around.

"And in return I'll prep you," she said as she knelt over me and encircled my cock again with her hand.

"Okay by me."

She went down on me again and began sucking in earnest. Since the third act was coming up, I restrained myself from coming again in her mouth, but the upside was that I got a much longer blowjob. 

And I wondered if there actually was someone in one or more of the houses? And if they had a telephoto camera? If so, I would certainly chastise them...and ask how much they would charge for a set of the prints.

"I think you're ready," she said finally.

She was right. My cock was upstanding.

She straddled my body.

"If you want to move up here a little closer, I would like to lubricate you," I suggested.

"Good idea." She moved forward so that her little bush was above my lips. I leaned my head up so that I could spell "Lubricate" on her clit. And I also caressed those pretty little hard nubbins on her breasts.

"I can't stand anymore of this," she said with a laugh. "I want you inside of me."

"All right."

She took my cock in her right hand and gently impaled herself on it until our pubic hairs were mingling. Then she slowly went up and down and forward and back on it. "Let's make it last," she said, "I like to do it slowly."

"So do I."

"And that's what we. Slow and sweet. It lasted for nearly a half hour before I finally came deep inside of her. 

"Ahhhhh!" she cried, as she apparently had another orgasm

We stayed there for another three hours. I fucked her three more times, with her giving me a blowjob every time. One time, when she was on top, I stuck my finger in her butt, and she seemed to like that. I wondered if she was still a virgin there.

Finally, we got up and packed everything in our knapsacks.

"Where do you go to school?" she asked.

"Cornell."

"Do you have a steady girlfriend?"

"No."

"Do you want one?"

"If it's you, the answer is yes. But what about Donald?"

"He canceled his ticket when he got on that plane, and I'll let him know that when he returns. Cornell's not that far from Sarah Lawrence, and I have a car. I could come over and visit you on the weekends."

"That would be wonderful."

"I could fuck your brains out," she said with a smile.

"That might take a long time. I've very smart."

"That's okay. I'm from Sarah Lawrence."

"Which means you're smart too?"

"No, it means I'm a really good fuck."

End