 They walked slowly, hand in hand, on the foot trail that wound like a snake up the plateau's side. The 2 hours trip took 3 hours as they stopped in the way admiring the scenery. Krishna had pulled her behind a tree and they kept kissing till they lost track of time. They walked for 

"Just an hour more. There is camping site my friends and I had discovered few years ago."

"Where?"

"In the valley"

Isha made a face, "I don't want to walk"

"Just an hour. Then we'll break camp" he made a puppy face.

"Fine" she sighed helplessly.

He handed her an energy bar as they started descending the valley. The foot trail was lost and so were they. They came to a small farm with a hut in the middle of it. The farm was overgrown with wild plants and the hut seemed empty.

Aeishwarya felt a tingle between her thighs as she imagined the possibilities.

"Lets fuck in there." She said boldly.

"Are you crazy?" he laughed.

"Yes. And horny."

"What has happened to you? We have been fucking like bunnies.

Krishna shook his head and ruffled her hair.

"Don't do that" she said in mock anger smoothing her hair and tying it and went towards the hut.

"That is somebody's home baby!" he caught her hand.

She around to him and kissed him hard on the lips. Looking into his eyes with pure lust she said, "And you are going to fuck me in there!"

"Don't be mad."

Aeishwarya reached her hand over to touch his face and force him to look at her. She closed the gap between them as she moved in for a kiss. Teasing his bottom lip with teeth she kissed him roughly on the lips. Aeishwarya looked at him as the wind blew wisps of hair in her face. Brushing them back, she kissed him again and explored his mouth with her tongue. His lips were so soft and sweet.

She could feel his body react to her touch. Krishna pulled her in closer, picking her up and taking her to the hut. Wrapping her arms around his neck she nuzzled and kissed his ear. Once inside the hut they started kissing and groping. The hut was devoid of any household amenities. Who ever lived here were not returning. They threw their bags on the floor and started kissing again.

"You make me so horny." She said, finding the bottom of his shirt and pulling it over his head. She played with the waistband of his underwear, pulling at it and indicating she wished they were off.

Aeishwarya kissed him again, feeling the heat flood to her face. She wanted him deep inside her. In her mouth. In her pussy. In her ass. Running her fingers north on him, she found a nipple and ran her palm over it. It hardened to her touch, and taking turns she fingered the other one, squeezing it a bit. It wasn't enough for her. Aeishwarya pulled his shirt over the top of his head. She would warm him up.

Looking around, no one was in the area. She bent her head and took the nipple in her mouth. Flicking it with her tongue she kissed her way up his chest to his shoulder. Krishna ran his hands up her back, lifting up her shirt. She assisted in ripping it off and then her jeans too, only being warmed by his skin. Turning her body into his she pushed him back onto the floor. Lying side by side they kissed. The passion was mounting and Aeishwarya slipped her hand down Krishna's pants. Grasping his cock, she ran her hands up and down feeling it stiffen in her hands. Slow yet firm she continued to run her hands up and down; an occasional caress over the tip. She absolutely loved his cock.

He slid his hands up and down her hips, slowly making his way to her mound. He ran his hands on the outside of her panties, feeling the wetness of her. She was ready for him and they were just getting started. His finger pushed away her panties and made room to wiggle in. Finding her pussy he slowly slid in a finger and watched as her eyes closed. He took turns fingering her then running his finger up and down the slit, rubbing her clit. He was so gentle but Krishna could tell he was driving her crazy. He could hear her breathing quicken with every stroke. Krishna bent to take a nipple in his mouth and sucked. 

A moan escaped Aeishwarya's lips. She bent her hips up to meet his caress. She would have gladly fucked his fingers, but she wanted his throbbing cock inside her.

"I just want you to fuck me. I don't want to wait, and I don't want you to be gentle." Aeishwarya let out a moan as Krishna grabbed the back of her hair and exposed her neck, kissing her and nibbling her ear lobe.

He ignored her and got up. Still clutching her hair he pulled out his cock and slapped on her face cheek. A glob of precum smeared on her.

"You wanted to fuck, right? But it will be how I want." He pushed his cock in her mouth. She took it in without waiting. The taste of his salty pre cum filled her mouth. Krishna tightened his grip on her hair and started face fucking her. She closed her lips around his cock and sucked without abandon. Soon her mouth was filled with saliva and precum. She pushed Krishna back a little and poured all the mixed drool on his cock. Her hand slipped into her panties and she started fingering her pussy vigorously. He brushed his cock on her lips covering them with the mixed drool.

"How do my lips look?" Aeishwarya asked, her lips glistening, hunger in her eyes.

"Like they belong around my cock!" he pushed his cock back in.

She gagged as he pushed deeper. Using her tongue she managed to keep on licking in small swishes.

He thought Aeishwarya looked beautiful-her full lips smeared in juices around his cock, her thick black hair sweaty and disheveled and bunched in his hand, her big firm breasts juggling as she fingered herself, her pussy juices flowing down her legs, and lust for him in his eyes.

"Will you marry me?" he asked her, thrusting deeper than ever. 

As she heard this she tipped over. Her pussy erupted and she pursed her lips around his cock hard and Krishna came into her mouth, her cock thrashing and spasming inside her mouth. She tried to swallow it all but chocked and some cum dribbled out of her lips. She kept him inside her mouth till his cock became still.

She suddenly got up and kissed him, passing his cum into his mouth and then back and fro till it vanished, "Fuck yes!"