 The next morning I woke up ready for my wife to have her way with me, as she typically does when we have the morning to ourselves. But that day she woke up with some pretty intense back pain. I thought that might be the end of our fun for the weekend. She assured me that it wasn't and that it would just take time to loosen up. I decided to go for a run. I returned about an hour later to find her relaxing in the hot tub naked...again.

"I'll join you in there after a shower." I told her.

"No rush, I'm just trying to loosen up my back for you." She said with a grin.

I ran to the bathroom for a quick shower, eager to join her in the tub. I walked out of the bathroom to find her already out of the tub. She was still naked and leaning over the edge of the bed. She had placed a couple of pillows on the edge of the bed to prop herself up. Her legs were spread wide and her magnificent glistening brown butt was staring me straight in the face. 

"I thought that...maybe you could...rub my back?" She said a bit sheepishly looking over her shoulder. 

She gave her ass a bit of a wiggle to try to invite me over to her. I was happy to oblige and strolled over to her. I noticed a bottle of baby oil lying beside her, which I picked up and squirted a generous amount of oil on her back. I began to massage the oil into her back, paying particular attention to the area I knew to be in pain. She immediately started to push back slightly against my growing erection that just so happened to be pushing in between her ass cheeks. I took a moment away from her back, knelt down and messaged her luscious ass. Making sure that a good amount of oil was spread over and in between her cheeks.

I stood back up, enjoying the sight of my sexy wife half standing, half lying face down on the bed. Her beautiful brown butt was staring at me, almost asking to be played with. I returned to the task at hand, continuing my massage of her back. I moved in closer, reaching over to her shoulders. This caused my now completely hard cock to press firmly against the top of her ass crack. The motion of my rubbing caused my cock to slide up and down her slippery cheeks, quickly had my cock rock hard and dripping precum.

I couldn't resist any longer, I knelt down so her sweet ass was directly in front of my face. I spread her cheeks; her pussy was dripping wet and the pungent aroma as intoxicating. For a moment I enjoyed the sight of the thick pussy juice leaking from her engorged hole. I stuck my tongue out and gave her a long lick from her clit, into the folds of her soaking pussy, up to her tight puckered asshole and then all the way up her crack. I could taste my sweet precum which my hard-on had left in her crack. I gave her a few of those full licks, all the way from her clit to the top of her backside and then back again. Then I started to suck her click and flick it with my tongue, knowing this is her favorite. As expected she began to rock her hips back and forth, giving me the sign that she wanted a bit more from me.

She climbed up on the bed and made herself a thrown of pillows to support her aching back. She lay face down, offering me up her ass once again to pleasure her. I happily obliged squirting a generous amount of lube onto her asshole and pussy. I began by slowing messaging the lube into her tight asshole with my thumb and leaving the rest of my hand for her to grind her clit against. She began to slowly rock her hips trying to get more pressure on her clit from my hand. I indulged her, pressing slightly harder against her now engorged clit. 

As I continued to massage her clit I moved my thumb at the sung entrance to her backdoor. I lightly pressed against her asshole and let her own movements slowly work my thick digit inside of her. Her movements seemed to become involuntary and more forceful as she continued to rock her weight back into my hand. She was trying to get more pressure on her clit and at the same time my thumb worked its way deeper in to her anus. Her pussy juice continued to flow and was now dripping down on to her engorged clit. The natural lubrication allowed my fingers to easily roll her button around even more, adding to her pleasure. 

Knowing my wife well and this being one of our favorite positions, I knew that she was on the verge of a mind blowing orgasm. I also knew that she was craving a finger inside her pussy to put her over the edge. I like to deny her that final pleasure for a bit, as I know her orgasm will be intensified. 

"Please, a finger, I need it." She begged right on cue.

"Ok, I guess you have one finger." I teased her

I obliged by moving my middle finger to the opening of her dripping wet pussy hole. I began to message the opening of her cunt, moving the juices all around. I was trying to hold back the feeling of her filled up pussy that she craved until the right moment. However, she wasn't having any more of my teasing. Once she felt my finger at her opening, she thrust back hard against me hand forcing my middle finger into her throbbing pussy. Her movement pressed my thumb deeper into her asshole, almost immediately both her tight holes her stuffed full of my fingers. 

I began to slowly work both my thumb and middle finger in and out of her ass and pussy. All the while I tried to keep pressure on her clit with my ring finger. I made sure to press my finger and thumb together, messaging the thing wall between her pussy and ass. I often finger my wife in this position, but rarely do I get to finger both her pussy and ass at the same time. She most assuredly was enjoying the added sensations of being doubly filled, she buried her face into a pillow to muffle her screams. Her pussy was gushing so much, I could see the slippery liquid dripping down on the sheets of the bed creating a big wet spot. 

"Yes...that's good...keep doing that." Was about all I could make out from her mostly unintelligible mumbling. 

She was thrusting back against my hand, it was all I could do just to hang on and keep my fingers buried in her sloppy holes. I felt a gush of liquid from her stretched pussy and then her muscles clamped down on my fingers. Her asshole began to spasm around my thumb and her orgasm ripped through her body. I did my best to message her g-spot and clit to prolong her orgasm, which seemed to go on for a good 5 minutes.

She collapsed onto her pillow thrown leaving her dripping pussy and ass open for me viewing. What a sexy sight I had before me. I looked down at my cock, which had turned purple and was leaking pre-cum all over the bed too. I didn't waste any time and positioned my throbbing cock at the entrance of her well lubed cunt. I started to slide into her and she responded be arching her back a bit, giving me better access to her accepting hole. 

Even though her pussy was about as wet as I've ever felt it before, after she cums my wife is always super tight. It took a few strokes to open her up and get my cock coated in her juices. Soon I was buried up to the hilt and she was pressing her ass against me, rocking her hips to get my cock to hit the right spot insider her pussy walls. My balls started to smack against her clit, which always drives her wild. I was so turned on that I had to stop the in-out motion for a minute to let the urge to cum subside a bit before I continued fucking her tight cunt. 

I decided to take that time to work her asshole a bit more with my thumb. I spread her ass cheeks wide and marveled at the view. My cock was buried 2/3 of the way inside her glistening cunt, her asshole was gaping a bit from my earlier intrusion with my thumb. I pushed my thumb against her rear entrance and to my surprise it slid right inside. 

"Oh my, so full!" She said with a gasp.

To my surprise she didn't try to pull away, but instead thrust her body back against me trying to get more of my thumb and cock inside her stretched holes. I worked my thumb in and out of her a bit of her hungry ass, before resuming fucking her pussy. I pressed down with my thumb against the thin wall of her anus, this time I could feel my cock straining the walls of her pussy. She began to rock her body back and forth trying to get me to fuck both her holes. I relented and started slowly at first, wanting to prolong the amazing feeling of double penetrating my wife. After a minute or two I was working both my cock and thumb, and rubbing my cock through her anus. 

The sensation was too much for me to handle, my cock erupted semen into her pulsating vagina. Even though I had cum the night before I overfilled her pussy and it was seeping out from around my cock. I slowly pulled my softening spent cock out of her well used pussy and spread her ass open a bit to get a better view of both her well used holes. Her asshole was still dilated a bit and cum was oozing out of her gaping pussy. I couldn't help but smile, it was only 11am, the whole day was ahead of us.