 Barry drifted from sleep to semi-consciousness and back, his thoughts imagining a woman taking his hard cock deep into her mouth. Barry slid his hand down his side to stroke himself. His fingers felt a head between his legs, waking him with a shock. He looked down, catching the eyes of his girlfriend, a smile across her face as her head bobbed up and down on his throbbing cock. 

"Oh Gggdddd, Susan, I thought I was dreaming," Barry said, grabbing her hair with his fingers. Susan moaned, then hummed as she continued sucking his thick rod. They were visiting her parents and Susan must have slipped into his room earlier that morning. Barry moaned softly, trying to keep his voice down. He watched as her head rose and fell, his cock disappearing into her sexy mouth. Susan could tell he was about to cum. She was trying to decide whether to let him cum in her mouth or whether to slide onto him and take him into her wet pussy. She didn't have to decide... Barry grabbed her shoulders, pulling her up to him. Susan let her breasts slide across his chest, knowing how much he loved that. They kissed passionately, Susan rocking her hips against his hard cock. She slid up a little further then let herself slide back down a little. Barry's thick cock sank into her, his head spreading her lips wide as he entered her tunnel. 

"Oooohhhh gggddddd, Barry," Susan groaned as his cock plunged deep into her. "Ooohhh gggdddd, fuck me hard, Barry, Plleeeaaaassse!!!" Barry pressed his lips to hers hard, trying to muffle her moans, his hips thrust faster and faster. He felt her muscles gripping his cock as it slid in and out of her tight pussy. Susan bounced up and down on his shaft, feeling the thick tool filling her, stretching her wide. Barry groped at her tits, pulling at her hard nipples as his cock plunged deeper and deeper into his girlfriend. Waves of electricity shot through her body as his cock pounded her wet cunt. 

"Ooohhh fffuuuucckkkkk, Barry," Susan moaned, pulling his head to her full tits, feeling his mouth sucking on her hard, sensitive nipples. Susan could feel his cock growing thicker inside her tight cunt, stretching her. Her body began to shudder with anticipation, her orgasm building deep within her trembling body. Barry grabbed Susan, pulling her body down to him as he pounded her hard, his hips slamming against her firm ass. Again and again he thrust, driving his cock deep into her tight cunt, feeling it gripping him, trying to hold him inside her. Susan buried her face into his chest to muffle the sounds of her ecstasy. Barry slammed into her, feeling the friction of her grip. 

He held her tight, feeling her tits crushed against his chest as his cock throbbed and jerked in her, filling her with his hot juice. Susan bit Barry's chest as she felt his cum slamming against her walls, sending her over the edge. Her orgasm ripped through her body, her pussy contracting, grabbing at the wonderful cock that had just given her so much pleasure. Both Susan and Barry continued rocking, milking the moment for as long as they could. Susan squeezed her muscles tight, holding Barry's cock deep inside her, a technique she had long practiced and mastered. Barry held his lover tight to his sweating body, feeling her grip on his sensitive cock. 

They lay there for a while, basking in the afterglow of their love, his hands caressing her body. After several minutes, Susan lifted her head, looking at Barry. 

"Why don't you just stay here until its time to go? You can have this everyday," she said, smiling, kissing his chest and face. "We can fuck every night on the beach and every morning wherever you want." 

Barry smiled, shaking his head, "I have to go. You know that. I promise to be there when I'm supposed to." They lay there for another half hour, cuddling in each other's arms. Barry didn't want to leave, but he had been planning this trip for a long time. Susan fell asleep in his arms, her warm body held tight to Barry's. Barry eased out of bed, showered, and packed for his trip. Susan watched him from the bed, leaning against the headboard. 

"Don't you want these for the next few weeks, Barry?" she cooed, squeezing her tits with her hands. 'And what about this? It's going to miss big daddy," she laughed, sliding her hand down her belly to her wet lips. She slipped a finger inside her pussy, sliding it in and out, moaning softly. 

"You don't fight fairly," Barry laughed, "I'll have to remember that." He leaned and kissed her tenderly, one hand lightly caressing her breast. Susan moaned, loving his touch. "I need to get going, Susan. You'll take me to the interstate?" 

"Of course, baby," Susan replied. Half an hour later, they kissed again, this time with more urgency. Barry slipped out of the car and waved good-bye. He had three weeks to get across the country, from Jacksonville to San Francisco. That should be enough time, he thought to himself, his cock already hard, missing his girlfriend's tight pussy.