 A few days had passed since my first night with Lee. He did talk to his brother, and no luck, No way was I getting my threesome. 

I decided I would hold out on hubby, no more women in the room till I got my way!! If I could last that long. I did enjoy having pussy too.

But once again what hubby didn't know wouldn't hurt him. I had my best friend to rely on. All I had to do was pick up the phone, and I had her to help with my cravings. 

By this time Lee and I had our own code words for when he would come over to the house. Usually had something pertaining to moving furniture or helping clean out the attic. I'm sure by this time my mother in law thought I had the cleanest house in the tri-state area. 

I woke up on a Monday morning horny as hell, and wanting a dick so bad it hurt. Hubby was not in the mood, and said he wanted to go to his parents house for the day. I tried to hide my excitement. My mind was in overdrive. Would Lee be out there? Or is he out with his friends? Does he want me again? So on and so forth. 

I had a hard time concentrating on the road. Hubby would ask me what was wrong every 3 seconds. He was starting to annoy the shit outta me. I would just tell him nothing, and turn the radio up. 

Finally we arrived and there in the drive way, with no shirt, leaned over the old Ford truck was Lee. My heart skipped a beat. Oh my God he looked good. He was sweaty from the hot and humid day. He had a little smear of grease on his check, and I had to control myself to keep from reaching up and wiping it off. 

Lee looked up from the innards of the truck, and just waved. Hubby, the kids, and I went into the house. I couldn't sit still, I wanted to go out there and talk to him. I'm sure no one would have thought anything of it, but by now, of course, I was paranoid. 

My mother in law, Helen, was in her sewing room, making one of her umpteen million quilts. We were never cold. She looked up from her work, and said she needed me to run some errands for her since the truck was broke down, and her daughter had the car. 

I just sighed. It takes forever to get anywhere. They live in the West Virginia hills, and the nearest town is 30 miles away. I told her I would, and she left to get her list. 

On the way out the door I asked everyone if they needed something from town. Lee looked up and said "yeah I need to go to the parts store. Can you remember what I need?"

He rattled off a bunch of stuff, like fly wheels, and clutch assemblies. The blank look on my face said it all. "Never mind, give me a minute to clean up and get a shirt." With that Lee was back in the house. I sat in my car and waited, smoking a cigarette. 

FINALLY he came out and got in the car. We drove for about 15 minutes not saying a word just singing along to the Doobie Brothers CD. When we did talk it was about small stuff. 

We got to town, picked up the stuff from WalMart, then headed to the parts store. I decided to sit and wait on Lee while he got what ever in hell it is he needed. As I sat there a plan was forming in my head. 

We are not too far from my house, and no one will miss us for at least another hour or so. And even then they wouldn't think of anything of it if we took a little while longer. I could come up with some pretty good excuses. After all I am 19, and it wasn't too long ago I would bull shit my parents. 

Lee scared me as he opened the door. I must have jumped pretty good, because he asked who shot me. I Just smiled at him. 

"I was thinking" I said. 

"'bout what?" Lee replied. 

"Just about the other night is all." He turned his head to look out the window, and I knew he was smiling.

I made the turn to go towards my house, and I heard Lee protest. "Why are we going there?" 

"Because I'm hot and horny and have been waiting for this ALL day" 

"I have a better idea. Just keep going towards Mom's"

We drove for a while then Lee told me to turn off onto a dirt road. It was muddy and rutty, and I gave him a look. He told me it would be OK and to keep going. We came to a dead end about a mile out. We got out of the car and looked over the hill side. There was my in law's house at the bottom of the valley. It look nice from up there. You could see the neat rows of the vegetable garden, and the little flower beds on the lawn. There were my children having the time of their lives on the swing set, and hubby in the lawn chair looking over them. 

I felt Lee take my hand, and we walked back to the car. He opened the trunk, and took out a box. In the box was a quilt, and a cooler of beer. The kind I drink too. 

He spread out the quilt and we sat down with our beers. I think I got one drink of mine when I looked over at Lee, and he got a wicked look in his eyes. 

We started to make out right there with in hearing distance of his whole family. I didn't care it felt so good. He reached under my tee shirt and unhooked my bra like a pro. He lifted my shirt to my neck and began pinching and rubbing my nipples. Oh God that was good. When he took one in his mouth I thought I was going to have an orgasm right then and there. 

He slipped his other hand up the leg of my cut offs. He lifted his mouth from my tit long enough to comment about how wet I was. 

I could see the bulge in the front of his jeans, and I reached to caress it. That's all it took. In a flash we had our clothes off and in a 69. I sucked on his cock and licked his balls in a frenzy. He in turn was giving me a good tongue lashing on my clit. He told me to stop or I was going to get a mouth full of jizz. I stopped giving him his blowjob, but he continued the assault on my achingly wet pussy. He put his tongue in my hole and thumbed my clotty rhythmically. I felt my orgasm start, I was clawing at his back trying my hardest not to scream, less everyone in the hollow hear me. 

After I came all over his face, he got up and kneeled between my legs. I thought he was going to fuck me now, but he had other ideas. He start to play with my clit again. Then put 2 fingers in my snatch. He knew how to use his hands, that's for damn sure. 


"I just love to play with your pussy. I love the way you keep it shaved. I just love everything about it. I could make you cum for hours." 

All The response I could give him was my hips lunging towards his hand trying to get more of his fingers deeper inside of me. 

Once again I came. This time like I have never had before. I saw stars in my head. He kissed me to keep my scream from escaping my lips. 

He then put his hard thick cock in me. He didn't take his time, he fucked me with long hard strokes. He just kept getting harder and faster, and I felt another orgasm coming on. I clawed at his back, his legs, his shoulders, anything to keep him going. I felt the muscles in his legs tighten up, and his face was getting red. I started to squeeze my pussy around his shaft. I was so close, and I could tell he was too. I grabbed his hips helping him pump me, then I felt it, I exploded and bit his shoulder. He just yelled "ooooooohhhh fuuuuuuccckkk" and I felt his cock twitch inside of me. He pulled out and shot his cum all over my stomach and tits. I used my hand to milk all I could out of him. 

He collapsed next to me. I just laid there on my back, afraid to move. If this was a dream I didn't want it to end. I felt his seed drying on me in the sun light. 

After 5 more minutes we got up, he looked in the back seat of my car and found a box of diaper wipes. We used them to clean ourselves up as best as we could. We got dressed, folded the quilt, and gathered up the forgotten beer. As we got in the car I saw Lee lift up his shirt sleeve. There was a big red welt on top of his shoulder where I bit him. 

"Damn woman, remind me next time to just let you scream and get us discovered."

I started the car, smiled my best smile, and headed to the house. 

At the bottom of the road, Lee leaned over in the seat, and rubbed my thigh. He kept getting higher and higher, till his hand was up the leg of my shorts and stroking my clit. I don't know how I kept the car on the road. When we reached the beginning of my in law's drive way I was in the throws of another orgasm. Lee was using one hand to steer the car, as he stroked my clitty with the other. I creamed my pants, and I felt it start to trickle down the crack of my ass. God how was I going to explain this?

Luckily as we pulled up everyone was in the backyard, I went in the front door undetected. I put on another pair of shorts and tee shirt, and tossed the others in the washer. 

I went outside, where the family was gathered, and roasted weenies on the bon fire... but there was another kind of weenie on my mind, and I couldn't wait to have it again.