 Sorry that part 4 has been so late! I haven't been in the mood to write recently and been brainstorming other serials! Some of which include real encounters I have had with people. This will be the final main chapter in this story however an epilogue will follow this. Please feel free to comment and give feedback on what you thought of this series!

*****

Geon looked up at the ceiling of Amyla's private quarters, feeling the most relaxed he had been his whole life, the silk sheets of the princess' bed lightly draped over his body. He felt Amyla stir beside him, her arm loosely draped over his chest while her thigh pressed onto his lower body. Like always, they were both naked. The past week had been unlike no other for either of them, She would normally wake him up with his large horse like cock in her mouth, sucking it like a trained whore; loud and spit flowing out of her plump lips as she made love to it, before mounting him and riding him like a crazed bull, screaming his name as her large E sized tits bounced up and down furiously.

She would cum quickly, rolling her eyes back and letting her tongue hang loose off her plump lips. After she was satisfied, she would dismount her master and proceed to clean the remnants of her orgasm off of him while staring lovingly into his eyes, she would service the human until he exploded like a volcano over her slutty body, usually coating her face, curvy toned body and her long silky blonde hair. Once the euphoria of the sex had worn off, the princess would cast her spell to clean the cum from her body and sheets before kissing Geon passionately before getting changed.

It was clear to Geon that this routine was broken, as he woke up before his loving companion and felt his flaccid 6-inch cock compressed against the princess' thick toned thigh. He spent this time contemplating to himself, how lucky he was to live here with a sex addict who had a body which rivalled a goddess. He felt her stir once more before she slowly opened her eyes with a light yawn, she smiled and tightened her grip around him as she lazily became more awake. 

"Good morning Geon...I am sorry that you did not receive my daily gift." She muttered still tired from her slumber. 

Geon grinned and wrapped his arm around her, resting his hand on her smooth shoulder. "It's ok, I could do with a break for a few hours." She giggled and caressed his chest while looking at him with her deep emerald eyes.

"Well, you deserve a break, you've been giving me so much attention this past week, last night was the 30th time in 7 days!" she bit her lip as she felt his cock throb from under her thigh, she wanted him again...it seemed like she would never stop desiring him for as long as she lived at this point. 

"Don't worry though, I have an idea which we can do today. My soon to be divorced husband will come and visit around noon...Its about time I showed him what he's missing out on don't you daddy?" She winked and felt her heart flutter as her dirty mind weaved thoughts of what she was going to do later.

"So, while we wait...How about you tell me about the outside world? I've been so interested in it for oh so long...tell me, do all men have cocks your size?"

Geon laughed heartily as she asked him, quickly telling her "No, not everyone." 

"That's a shame...Imagine the possibilities..." she licked her lips as she observed him, watching for a reaction. 

"What possibilities?" Geon asked quizzically as he looked down at her. 

"Oh? Getting jealous, are we?" she sank her nails into his chest lightly, causing minor discomfort on his upper body. 

"You can just tell me you want me all to yourself, ill do anything you ask me to." She alluringly weaved her words together as she gave him a lustful look, eyes glinting with elven magic.

Geon stayed quiet, feeling himself get hard at the princess, it took a special kind of woman to make any man hard just by talking. After a few moments of silence, she sat up and let the sheet drop, revealing her now familiar body to her lover.

She knelt down in front of him pressing her legs back onto the back of her thighs resting her hands on the bed between her legs, she tapped the bed and motioned him to join her. 

"Come. I want to do something." 

Curiously Geon joined her, sitting crossed legged inches from her, even from her elevated positioning she just managed to reach the same height as the human. Reaching out her hands she rested them on both sides of his temple. Muttering quietly to herself she pulled her head toward his and leaned forward, lightly and painlessly bumping their heads together. Geon could hear what she was saying, but could not understand the foreign speech which escaped her lips. Amyla concentrated, eyes closed and thinking of every word carefully.

After a few sentences, Geon noticed a faint green mist emit from Amyla's lips it was approaching him slowly, emitting a strong smell of the princess' favourite perfume. The mist then disappeared; Geon gave a surprised grunt as the odd occurrence was over. Amyla opened her eyes and smiled at him, looking clearly groggy from the apparent magical spell she conjured. 

"That should work..." she grinned lightly as she rested back into her original position, looking at Geon.

"Hopefully that spell won't wear off." Geon looked confused, unable to question what happened, he parted his lips about to talk but was cut off by her finger pressing onto his lips.

"Don't ask, just be here when the sun is at its highest. I must bathe, that spell takes a lot out of a young woman such as myself." The princess shuffled to the edge of her side of the bed, letting her feet touch the cold stone floor of the room. She stepped toward her table, retrieving the silk night gown which she wore the night she offered herself to Geon, she remained silent whilst slipping it over her body and tying it up to keep herself from revealing her tits and pussy to the castle staff.

She turned toward him before reaching behind her neck and pulling her long blonde hair out from the beck of her gown letting it loose down to her ass. She smiled and approached him leaning down low enough for him to look down her busty cleavage.

"Noon. Be here mister." She kissed him lovingly as she started toward the door, getting one last look of her human before leaving him to think about the morning's events. As she walked, swaying her hips sexily as she went down the hall, staff bowed and greeted her in the proper manner, she took barely any notice of them, only thinking to herself

'I would have been brain dead if I cast a spell strong enough to make him immortal...so the next best thing has to do...'

During this week of passion between Geon and Amyla, Revan was having an entirely opposite week. Knowing full well that his wife was making primal, lust filled love to a scummy human, he spent most nights that week in the city's tavern. Drowning his anger and hate towards them both in ale and wine. He knew that the people around him spoke about him, how humiliating it was for him to lose out on the most beautiful woman the elven race had ever laid eyes upon, and to a human no less. 

Not only did he let loose his anger on the drink, but the women of the night also felt the roughness of the prince once he threw down the payment. But however, much he tried, he never felt the same pleasure as he did with his wife. Often, he left without letting the woman feel finished with the interaction, taking the money which, he gave them back without saying a word. 

This morning, he sat in a bedroom, not knowing who's it was nor caring who it belonged to. It was rickety and small, so it must have belonged to a serving girl, due to the nature of the room and a pair of feminine underwear hanging out of the clothing drawer, most likely left there due to the room owner rushing for work. He knew what was going to happen, he was approached last night by one of Amyla's personal security with the message to be summoned to her room at noon today.

'Divorce.' He thought. His ring seared his skin as the enchantment worked its magic on him. 

'I'll make her pay; she knows the laws.' Shaking his head, he looked at himself in the mirror, he looked a lot messier, hair unkept and looking like he had missed days of sleep. He grumbled to himself as he left the room, not caring if he left it in a state of mess. 

Revan approached the private quarters of Amyla, early as he wanted to get the situation of divorce over with so he can order the matrimony law broken and get her expelled from the city. He knocked on the door and waited for a reply.

"Enter. Husband." A womanly voice called from inside, Revan could hear the venom in the word husband as he opened the door. In front of him, coated in heavy sunlight from the window like a painting of a goddess, Amyla stood there.

He examined her up and down taking in the sight which was overwhelming him. The princess stood there, wearing a white silk tunic, so thin there was no reason to wear it as anyone could clearly see her naked body if they had the pleasure to lay eyes upon her. Wrapped around her waist was a thick leather belt laced with silver patterns and an equally bright silver and beautiful buckle. It held her attire together, causing it to tightly encase her thick toned body causing her large bust to press up against her chest. The tunic itself came up short, so sort that it barely covered half of her ass, only covered her naked pussy but any movement from her would cause the skirt section to flare up and reveal all. 

She wore nothing else on her legs, letting them be shown in all their magnificence. On her feet where a pair of white high heels, similar to the pair which she wore during the ceremony weeks ago. Where this all started. She had a considerable amount of makeup on her, eyes shadowed to make her bright green eyes pop from across the room making them look like they were glowing, her lips where rose red and glossed to perfection, hair long and combed to look shiny and silky. Truly she was the most attractive (or bimbo-like) anyone had ever seen her. She looked at him quickly, focusing on the raging erection he had. She grinned and looked satisfied with the effect she was having on him. 

"Like what you see husband?" she asked as she gave a slow twirl in place making sure the skirt of her tunic flowed up to show how naked she was underneath the clear silk. Revan stayed silent speechless over what his wife wore for him and him alone. He forgot about all the hate he had for her in that second, smiling at her as she walked toward him, throwing her hips left and right as she moved one leg in front of the other. As she got only inches away from him, he smelt the perfume she would always wear, his cock pushed on his trousers, begging to be released. Amyla curled a cute smile up at him as she batted her eyelashes at him.

"Well...how about you take it out?" She wiggled left to right as she looked down between his legs. Revan's eyes widened without hesitation he unclasped his belt and let his lower clothing drop to the floor. Amyla looked down and let out a small moan, licking her glossy plump lips to show she was turned on. 

"Amyla..." he muttered as all his focus was on his wife, his cock throbbed hard, desperate to feel her soft body once more.

Amyla shushed him quietly "Let me enjoy this." She moaned as she reached down and grasped the fully erect 4-inch cock.

Searing pain erupted from Revan's shaft as soon as he felt her hand touch his manhood. A shout of pain erupted from him as he looked down to see her ring glowing a deep mixture of red and orange. He darted his vision up to her as she gritted her teeth, her eyes widened and a devilish smile came across her face. 

"What?" she asked cutely "You think I was talking about enjoying you?" she turned her head around and looked at the bed, the ends of her hair brushing lightly on her ass cheeks. Geon sat there naked sitting on the edge of the bed, watching the scene, he looked turned on, but slightly uncomfortable at the same time. As Amyla turned back Revan had cowered with immense pain as his cock had been branded by the magic of the ring. He suddenly felt that he could not move. His body seemed like it was stuck in place. The searing pain stopped as Amyla released her grasp on him, the ring now turning back to its original colour. 

"What is it Husband?" the princess asked.

"Can't move? It's a spell, a simple one which step mother taught me to spice up the bedroom...of course you don't know about it...neither does the man you hate so much over there." 

She felt herself get aroused at the thought of what was going to happen.

"Here, take a seat Husband." She grasped his arm and pushed him toward a chair which was conveniently positioned to get a view of the whole bed, without any blind spots. Revan gasped as he saw his body move with the assistance of Amyla but could not move even once she sat him on the chair, cock hanging between his legs.

"Surprised? The spell makes it impossible for a victim to move, but the caster can move and...toy with whatever she wants!" she giggled and bounced up and down making her body jiggle. 

"Consider this payback for the years of hell you put me through. My ring has burned all day every day for years. It can burn more than the sun and I could feel nothing. It only stops when I am with this human you hate oh so much." 

She stood in front of him, hands resting on her hips, leaning down she whispered in his ear.

"Watch me be what you always wanted me to be..." she pivoted in place and turned her attention to Geon.

Amyla knelt down from across the room, placing her hands on the floor, she locked her glowing green eyes on Geon as she walked on all fours toward him, she had a look on her which Geon had never seen before. He noticed as her ass swayed back and fourth that her thighs dripped with liquid; it was clear how horny she was. Finally, she stopped between his legs, looking up at him submissively.

"Can I play with it master?" she asked pouting her lips and batting her eyes at him.

Geon's cock throbbed as the blood rushed toward it, he nodded slightly, quickly forgetting that Revan was stuck in his chair watching her wife cheat on him. She smiled and moved her gaze from him to his third leg. With her eyes half closed she began to lick his throbbing head, giving him long drawn down lashes with her wet tongue, she moaned every time she felt a warm bead of precum drop onto her tongue. Soon she parted her lips further apart and placed her lips on the tip of his cock, the looked up at him and winked before pushing her head down into his cock, Geon dug his fingers into the soft bedding and curled his toes.

Amyla sucked and sucked, loud and hard. Her tongue did not stop its previous actions, licking his shaft as it invaded her mouth every time, she bobbed her head up and down. 7 inches down she began to gag, her blowjob increased speed as she forced herself to go deeper and deeper. She looked at Revan, wondering if he was enjoying or dreading what he was seeing. Clearly it was both, as a look of anger and regret was on his face, however unable to look away from his wife and how she sucked...his cock hard once more, though still in pain from the ring. 

Amyla took the hands of her master and forced him to take control, which he did so willingly, he laced his fingers through her perfect hair and started to push and pull her head up and down his cock, her gloss and lipstick smearing on his thick veiny shaft as he fucked her throat. Her gagging intensified as his cock pushed down her throat, causing a bulge to form on her neck. Her hands explored herself, one hand exploring her quivering pussy as she rubbed her clit roughly, her other hand groping her bubble butt. She spanked herself as she squealed and moaned with excitement while choking on her master's cock. Her fingers parted her ass cheeks before she started to push her ring finger into her asshole. Her eyes widened as she felt her lips press on Geon's pelvis.

She was deepthroating his whole cock. Geon moaned hard and held her there for a few moments until her eyes teared up, she blinked and pushed her finger deeper into her behind. Her pussy quivered frantically as she came, causing her long-pointed ears to twitch; a reaction which she had to show an intense orgasm. Geon released his grasp from her head as she instantly pushed up from his cock spit coating his shaft and globs dripping down the sides of her lips. She panted hard as she looked up at the obelisk between her owners' legs, again she looked over to Revan to see his reactions. 

As she planted her lips between his balls and started to suckle the large sack, she moved the hand which attended to her pussy to his shaft, gliding it up and down easily due to the copious amounts of saliva and pre-cum which coated his cock. Loud sucking noises filled the room as she moaned like a whore. Her other hand instinctively moved to the leather belt which held her silk tunic together unbuckling it easily. Her eyes fixed on her husband she gave him a look of content as his cock leaked white liquid, he had cum over his wife worshipping the race he hated so much. 

Tending back to her master, she let the belt clang on the floor ad she let go of his cock and started to grope her E cup tits through the tunic "Can masters slut titty fuck him please?" Pinching her nipped she looked up at him lovingly, losing all sense of pride which a princess would have.

"Fuck yes..." Geon moaned as he held the base of his cock up, throbbing and pulsing. She grinned as she sat up on her knees and held her tunic from the middle, pulling her clothing to pull her soft natural tits out, the tunic dropped down to her waist as it rested on her wide hips.

"Daddy loves titty fucks..." she moaned as she wrapped the thick cock around her bust and began to fuck it. Amyla's tits slid up and down Geon with ease, the spit and precum working as lube to give him as much pleasure as possible. She smiled and panted as she saw how much Geon enjoyed her body. Her heart fluttered as she felt the slut inside her take over.

"I have master's baby inside me...ex-husband wished he would have me!" she gigged and moaned while she spoke to Geon.

"Cum for your slut master. I want to drink you!" while she pressed her tits together and kept fucking his cock with her breasts, she moved to suck the tip of his cock again making her moans vibrate her mouth. Geon throbbed and curled his toes more, moaning loudly for anyone to hear. Once she felt his cock pulse violently, she quickly let go of her grasp, and rested her hands on her thighs and looked up at him.

"Cum on me master!" she moaned, opening her mouth and sticking her tongue out for him.

Geon blasted a thick load over his slut, thick creamy ropes shot out of his cock and glazed Amyla. She panted hard as she felt the warmth overcome her face as shots coated her hair face and tits, she never broke eye contact with Geon even when a rope shot into her eye causing it to close, her mouth filled up with cum causing her mouth bulge with cum. Geon panted hard as his cock began to lose its length, becoming more flaccid. Amyla sat there quivering after yet another orgasm mouth filled with jizz. She closed her mouth and looked at Geon. She held the cum in her mouth and ensured that Revan (Who had reached another humiliating orgasm) was watching. She began to swirl the cum around her mouth, making her cheeks bulge.

Using the cum like mouth wash she gargled it making it bubble and spread inside her. Amyla loved the taste of thick cum, and the whole added bonus of cucking her husband made it taste even better. With one large gulp she opened her mouth once more and showed Geon that she had swallowed his cum. Instantly Geon's cock began to grow once more. Amyla noticed and raised an eyebrow.
