 "Oh my! She is gorgeous isn't she?" I ask to an empty hotel room as I look up from my book to see Jenna step out of the shower. Her hair slicked back from the last moments of her shower as she reaches for the towel on the wall. The water trickling down her body makes her glow. Coming out of the warm shower her nipples harden to points from the cold in the room and droplets of water form then drip to the floor below her. 

As I stand she looks over at me and smiles that smile that attracted me to her so long ago in the coffee shop. She leans over and wraps the towel around her hair and stands back up straight looking at me. She pushes her hip to the side and places her hand on that hip and asks matter of fact "And what pray-tell are you staring at?" Almost modeling her beautiful body to me still wet from the shower. I tell her, "You my dear, The angel in this room that brightens even the darkest of places!" While I say this I cross the distance between us and as I pass a dry towel I grab it and she holds her hand out for the towel. 

Instead of handing her the towel I instead walk around behind her and begin drying her back from her neck down to the crest of her butt. Then I kneel down and first run the towel around and up the full length of her left leg, then again starting at her foot I do the same with her right leg. She sighs and asks, "What am I going to do with you?" To which the only reply I could muster was, "Continue to love me, unquestioningly." And I embrace her in a lovers embrace as we kiss passionately. 

Our lips entwined and my hands caress her head and her upper back as we kiss like its the first time and the last time it will ever happen. Begrudgingly I break the kiss, I hand her the towel and remind her that we need to head out shortly for our hike so we don't get caught in the afternoon storms. She knows I would rather spend this whole trip making love to her here in this room for the entire day and everyday we are here and she sees the struggle in my eye as I pull on my black board shorts fitting comfortably and stopping just below my knees and a loose fitting dark gray T-shirt before tying my worn hiking shoes. 

As I finish dressing I look over in time to see her slip on her bikini bottoms that are pink with a blue trim around the edging, Stepping first into one leg then lifting the other leg to place through the hole her body looks like a ballerina and I am drawn to her womanhood and to the neatly trimmed area above it. She wiggles into the bottoms and looks at me with perky breasts pointing directly at me then she tosses the ties of her bottoms a couple times and teases me with an 'I dare you!' kind of look. 

I have other plans for our day and it starts with getting her out of the room and I stand there as she reaches for and puts on the matching top that struggles to contain the bosom that I so freshly enjoyed the sight of. Following this she slips on a pair of beige shorts that seem glued to her and don't extend any length of her legs but instead covers her modesty. She pulls her red tank top on and slips her feet in the new hiking shoes she got before our trip. Ready, she looks at me and questions, "planning on looking at these hills all day or should we go find this waterfall?" She says this as she places both hands on her large pert breasts and squeezes them together then releases them.

Breaking my trance once more, I open the door and stand to the side, allowing her to exit before myself as I feel the humidity that quickly replaces the crisp air in the room. Outside the morning sun has already crested over the distant hill and causes me to squint as I follow behind Jenna. With the sun seems to amplify the heat and I am already grateful for the loose clothing that we are wearing and the large bottles of water we carry with us wherever we go. 

She is easy to follow and eyes from both men and women tend to track to her in a room. We walk to our rented Jeep Wrangler and begin to drive down the narrow Caribbean streets in search of the beginning of our hike. It's 15 miles before we come to the dirt track with the small green sign on the right side of the road letting us know the Bonka Trail's direction. 

As I ease the Jeep down the trail it starts to immediately get bumpy and the forest seems to draw in to create a single-track road in. It seems that we drive another mile in before it opens back up to a small platt of five parking spaces and a short boarded fence preventing cars going through to the trail.

When we exit the Jeep we hear the sounds of the Jungle calling. Birds, wind and the trees all seem to create a symphony distinct to nature. I reach out for Jenna and she scampers away from me and down the trail. "I'm not gonna make it that easy on you today Big Boy." She says with a smirk. Just the touch of her sends electricity through my body and soul and lifts me and kills me at the same instant. The locals we spoke with said the trail here is long and often forgotten by tourists like ourselves. The waterfall, they tell us, is one of the most beautiful spots on the island. No one we spoke to seemed to want to elaborate beyond that; it was very beautiful.

Walking below the canopy the heat is diminished by the shade that the trees provide but the humidity still draws sweat from our bodies. Early on in the hike I take my gray shirt off and tuck a part of it in the waistband of my shorts and let the remainder hang loose beside me. Jenna pulls her tank top off as well and throws it at me and laughs.

"Better be careful or you won't have any clothes to come home with" I say as I throw it straight up and it sticks in a tree. She looks at me with daggers then comes back to me before trying first to reach up for her shirt then to jump. The jumping draws out a nipple from her suit and I say nothing but enjoy the sight. I watch her try a few more times before pulling her into me and pressing our flesh together. I tell her to hold on and place my hands on her hips and lift her straight up over my head and she grabs her shirt excitedly exclaiming on the way down "YES!"

As I lower her I take advantage by slowly run my hands up the length of her sides then I spin her around to face the trail ahead and move my right arm across her belly scraping the button of her shorts and with my left hand I move it along the left side of her breast as she leans her head back into me and rests on my shoulder with eyes closed. "We can't have you naked out here on the trail just yet honey" I tell her as I first teasingly pinch then place her nipple back in the confines of her top.

She opens her eyes and thrusts her butt into my already engorged cock from the sight of her undress then uses that momentum to once again run ahead of me as I take chase of her through this dense forested jungle. Soon we begin to hear a large sound that only seems to grow in magnitude as we continue down the trail. Shortly after hearing this rush we reach the end of the trail that has brought us to an expansive opening with a large lagoon as the draining spot for the quite majestic waterfall.

Being left speechless we find a small patch of grass and I sit with my legs open as Jenna sits inside of those legs and leans back into my chest as we breathe quietly and just exist together in this small moment. The area is bigger than the rest of the forest would have you believe is possible and that we are alone in this space makes it that much more magical. As I take in the scene in front of me I feel Jennas complete relaxation. 

The lagoon is almost a perfect circle and there is a smaller stream that trails off deeper into the forest away from us. Where the water is falling it seems to fall heavily straight down in many spots and in others it steps down from ledge to ledge and gently falls the last 30 feet to the edge of the lagoon on top of smoothed over rocks from the constant pressure of the water.

Jenna stands up and without leaving my legs she unbuttons and pulls down her shorts intentionally not bending her knees as she does and pushes them all the way down and looks at me through her long legs, smiles and stands up. Leaving me with her shorts and tank top she runs into the pale blue water and dives deeply to emerge near the center of the water. 

I stand and leave my shirt behind with my shoes and slowly walk to her and as we meet we kiss. This kiss is the culmination of the foreplay on the trail and the passion we felt as well as the peace of this location. Our hands roam the known places of our partner and our tongues explored each others mouths. With small nibbles on each others lips and eyes closed I can already feel the control that is being lost to the power of our surroundings. 

My fingers trace the knot around her neck of the swimsuit and slowly pull the string until the knot becomes just two strings. Then I slide my hand down her back to where the last remaining knot for her top lies. I slowly pull the string out toward the back like I am pull the string on a wind up toy, only I am the one that is wound up and ready to please her. I feel the knot tighten then fall slack as the knot gives way to my pressure. Now the only thing keeping her top in place is the pressure of our bodies pressed together.

I grasp the two strings that now drape on our right side and slowly pull the fabric from between us. It attempts a last effort to hold on as I finish yanking it from us and as I toss it off into the air behind me Jenna finally takes notice and breaks from me, slaps me in the chest and playfully chides me while I continue to hold her hips. I look at her beautiful breast once more and instinctually lick my lips like the predator that I am becoming through my lust for this magnificent creature in my grasp. 

I raise my gaze slowly reaching the soft shoulders and the nape of her neck leading up to her lips that long for more kisses and her nose that she feels looks funny but she wouldn't be as gorgeous without it and from there I land on her doe like eyes and when I meet her gaze she speaks in a lustful tone "I was waiting for you to notice I have eyes." At that she pushes away from me and swims away toward the waterfall and pays no mind to being without her top. 

I slowly follow behind her and watch as she climbs the rocks under the fall pushing her butt in my direction as the suit shows every line I could want to see. She stands and I watch in amazement as she leans back under the water as her blond hair drops down from the weight of the water pulling on it. She arches her back exposing herself to more of the falling water and I watch as water splashes down on her chest and streams down her body. Like this morning I see drips form on her nipples as more water traces the contour of her breast and follows it down her abdomen to her bottoms.

The interruption of her bathing suit is only that it prevents me from seeing her fully as the water intrudes her there and fails to stop until it reaches the rocks below and inevitably the lagoon I now stand in. I make my way to her and climb out standing behind her. I reach out and untie both side strings of her bottoms until they fall to the rocks and wash into the lagoon of their own accord. 

I step closer to her and reach around and trace my rough hand along her right side across her abdomen where I rest it just below her belly button. With my left hand I form a soft grip around her neck and turn her head to the right to meet mine and claim her now as my prize. 

No words need to be spoken in this place as we again kiss and forget that the world exists separate from us and this shower from nature. We bask in the aura of each other and with her delicate hands she reaches between us and unties my shorts. Gravity though is blocked from action against my shorts and she needs to aid that force by reaching in and grasping my shaft to withdraw it from the shorts before they will fall to the ground below. 

Slowly I move my right hand lower between her legs and begin to slowly rub her clitoris in small circles adding pressure with each rotation and dictating my pace on her reaction. She likewise is manipulating me as she slowly strokes my cock with her soft hands wrapped behind her body. Knowing that we are both craving the release that this day has brought I turn her around and from the look that we briefly share she leaps fully onto me like a cat trying to escape a dog. 

My manhood lies between her legs and she takes this opportunity to push and slide along the length pleasuring herself from the size and hardness against her excited parts. She lifts her body up allowing my cock to once again point up then slowly lowers herself while we share a lovers look. Not looking away from each other I can feel when we first connect and the head of my shaft parts her lips. 

Her face contorts and she cries out "Ohhhh" and trails off as she lowers further down. When she has taken my entire length I lift her up then allow gravity to aid in our love. We continue this motion until her legs lose their grip around my back. Without separating I am able to move us further back. We reach for the back wall of the rocks and I pin her against a smooth plate. I lift her right leg and begin slowly at first thrusting in and out then faster and faster until we are both heavily panting and I feel myself losing the control I knew I would need to possess.

Once more we change our stance to be under the water as this time she directs me to lie down and straddles me. This allows her to take control of our love and she drives down with gentle force and I see in her eyes an animalistic craving for our union to be one. The water pouring over us let us know that we were indeed one in this moment as the torrent of water trailing down her luscious body easily transitioned over me and while looking at each other deeply we both climaxed at the same instant. She tossed her head back and screamed as I thrust three more times as I came deep inside the woman I have come to love in our short courtship. 

She returned to life and sat giggling while looking at me and remarked, "That was different!" 

To which my only reply was, "I Love You Jenna."

She looked at me and her smile disappeared and she said "I love you as well." Then laid her head down on my chest and we let the water wash over us as we remained one.

We finally stirred as we heard the clap of lightning signaling an impending storm. We slowly entered into the lagoon for the last time taking my shorts with us. On our way to the shore we found Jennas bottoms but couldn't locate her top before reaching the other side. She tied her bottoms on and grabbed her shorts and tank top but failed to put either on before dashing off towards the Jeep. 

I in turn dressed in just my shorts grabbed both our shoes before taking chase behind her. Even from behind I could see that her breasts heaved as she jaunted forward and we seemed to reach the Jeep much quicker than expected. We climbed in and drove back to the hotel to resume our stay. All the while she never put her top back on.