 The Holiday

Chapter 1

I am a massage therapist and energy worker. I have been trained to work with my hands to help heal people. That's what I love to do! I am always looking for new things to learn and new courses to take to help me help others more efficiently and effectively. I am also a travel junkie. Give me a ticket and send me somewhere and I'll go, gladly! So, when I found a training course in Birmingham, England, UK, I HAD to go. 

I have had a long standing love of all things British and this was too good to pass up! Through some dumb luck, I had won an online contest giving me a week in a self-catering cottage in England, anywhere I wanted to go through this company, and the school I wanted to train at had a weekend course coming up in January. Hell yeah, you had best believe that I was going!!

I knew I'd be on my own for a week near Birmingham in a 1 bedroom cottage in January. I knew I had class on Saturday and Sunday but I was going to be there from Wednesday through the following Tuesday. I guess I'd have to do some sightseeing and get in some exercise. I paid my course fee, booked my flight and made my plans!

As I settled in on the plane on my day of departure, I got to chatting with my seatmate and, as we had 7 hours of flight time, we shared stories about our lives and families. He told me about his life as a high level computer whiz with a very large global company and I told him about my life as an MT and my sweet animals at home. We hit it off right away and managed to laugh our way through the first hour of the flight with stories and jokes. He is British, about 6'3", reddish brown that is not too short and yet just long enough to run my hands through, and glasses, sexy ones. 

As I told him about the courses I'd be taking he told me that he lives not far from where I'd be staying and gave me pointers of things to do in the area. The flight attendants delivered our airplane food and we chatted more over mediocre food and overpriced drinks. Once dinner was over, the plane lights were dimmed and most people dropped off to sleep or watched the in flight entertainment. My seatmate and I continued talking but now we had crossed into personal details. He told me about his most recent ex-girlfriend and how she didn't like oral sex. I gasped and ask what is wrong with her!! 

"If she doesn't like oral sex, then she hasn't been giving or receiving it correctly!!" I said, appalled!

He grinned and agreed with me saying that she wouldn't receive and did not like to give. It had been several months since he had been with anyone and he was holding out for someone who could meet him need for need and want for want.

It had been almost a year for me, and I told him so. I told him about my ex who, thought sweet and loving, had not been able to let go of his pre-conceived notions that there were three positions; missionary, cowgirl and reverse cowgirl. I told him about the few toys I brought with me on my trip to get me through the week. He arched an eyebrow and asked for details. I could tell that he was turned on by just hearing about my toys and I was turned on just listening to him talk about how he just wanted to be able to truly let go with a woman and let what happens, happen.

We were leaning close almost whispering to each other at this point and our faces are inches apart so as not to be overheard. At this point, I was dripping wet and horny as hell. I excused myself and went the lavatory, locking the door. I looked in the mirror and saw a flush faced woman who looked a little warm and very much in need. I briefly thought about getting myself off then and there, just thinking about my seatmate, but decided that joining the mile-high club in masturbation was NOT my goal for this trip. I splashed some water on my face, took a few deep breaths and went back to my seat. I smiled at my seatmate and decided to try to sleep a bit before we land so as not to embarrass myself by jumping him on the airplane. He knew my struggle. He was fighting the same struggle.

"I hope you do not find this odd or too forward," he began," but I wish we had more time. I feel like I could talk to you more. However, I really just want to see what you look like when you cum with your toys or when I make you cum."

He looked at me straight in the eyes, unblinking. My mouth went dry, dropping open. 

I caught myself and, licking my lips, closed it again, his eyes watching my tongue with undisguised lust.

"You're awfully forward to a woman you just met." I said with a friendly smile, trying to recover some amount of control.

"Well, I have known you for almost 5 hours now." He said, eyes twinkling.

"WOW, when you put it THAT way...!" We laughed, relaxing slightly, both of us releasing the tension. 

"I just know that I want you and not just because I find you sexy as hell, but, because I find your whole person enjoyable to be around. Also, I feel like I've only scratched the surface and I want more." He said, taking my hand in his lightly rubbing his thumb over my knuckles, sending little sensations straight to my pussy. 

"I'll tell you what," I said, trying to preserve whatever cool I had left, "if you can find me on Facebook, friend me and we'll see." I had only given him my first and last name, which was very little help when looking for me on FB. One really needed my whole name. 

"OK, deal." He said with a grin. 

We spent the rest of the flight chatting about many things, staying as far away from sex as we could, which wasn't THAT far. We flirted and laughed and talked and just really enjoyed each other. We exchanged more dating horror stories and breakup dramas. We even caught a few minutes of sleep, resting together. 

When we landed at Heathrow, I was jet lagged as hell, and staggered off the plane. I got through customs with a few funny looks as the x-ray showed my toys in more detail than I think the agents were comfortable with, though one guy gave me a wink and a smile. I winked and smiled right back, thinking "If you only knew." My seatmate and I exchanged smiles and good byes, hugging tightly, in the baggage terminal and went opposite directions with a few longing glances over our shoulders. I managed to find the car rental desk and got a very exaggerated reminder to drive "ON THE LEFT!" and a map to the area where my rental cottage was situated. 

The cottage is in some town near Stratford-upon-Avon. I looked it up online and the setting looked amazing! The cottage itself looked charming but modern, perfect for me! I was so excited to get out and play tourist some while remembering why I was here; to take the courses to further my career. 

I finally got to my home away from home about 3 pm in the afternoon. The sun would be setting soon enough. I managed NOT to drive off the road or into the wrong lane, so I was happy and considered my driving on the left a success! I had also found a grocery of sorts and picked up a few things for the night; a bottle of wine, some bread, cheese and meat. I parked in the drive and carried my stuff inside. It was charming!! I called home to let my family know I was safe and sound and then I pulled out my laptop and fired it up, thank god for free WIFI! I was startled when I saw a Facebook request from my seatmate. 

"That was fast!" I thought. I smiled and accepted his friend request, wondering how he had done it. Oh yeah, computer whiz, I should have known. 

Almost instantly, I got a message from him asking if I'd settled into my cottage. I let him know that I had. His next post stopped me in my tracks. "Would you like some company while you're visiting my country?" 

I paused and considered this VERY carefully. I had just met this man, do I want to take the chance?? What do I really know about him? I decided that it was worth the chance and gave him my international number, telling him to call me the following day if he was free. He promised to call and I wondered if I had done the right thing. 

I bundled up and stepped out to watch the sunset in the distance with a glass of rich red wine in my mittened hand. As the sun set, I began to get cold and moved back inside to the warmth and coziness of the cottage. I began to get excited about my possible tour buddy. As I sat on the sofa, I wondered how it would be. Would he call? Would we actually meet up? Was he really that charming and sexy or did it just seem like that because we were next to each other on the plane? Was he crazy? Would I let myself just go with the experience? Would I allow this man to fuck me if it came up? Did I want the option to be there?? Will he be any good if it does happen? 

As my thoughts wandered back to his smile and his smooth voice and deep laugh and his expressive hands and his... well... everything, my hand wandered as well. The curtains were drawn, the fire roaring away in the wood stove, the TV on low in the background for some noise. 

As I imagined his lips on my neck, my hand slid to my breast, slowly massaging the nipple into a point through my clothes. As his head moved, in my mind, to nibble on my ear, my other hand slid down over my stomach, feeling the muscles jump at the imagined sensation of his lips on my skin. My head fell back and my mouth fell open gasping a little as I wondered how his touch would feel on my body. 

I'm not sure when it happened but my right hand was now in my pants, sliding over my wet pussy lips (when did I get THAT wet??) My left hand was inside my bra, tugging lightly at my right nipple and then my left, sending shooting sensations right to my swollen clit. Someone was moaning loudly and I realized that it was me! My right hand then took up a rhythm on my clit, first moving it up and down and then flicking it, up and down, flick. Finally, my fingers separated, took my clit between them and moved rapidly. I knew I was close to cumming but I wanted to prolong it some. I stilled my hand, with amazing will power, and slid one finger inside, feeling my muscles clench around it. This is the only time I kind of understand what a cock must feel when I clench around it. I slid another finger inside and moaned again. I stretched my opening a little and felt the wetness as I began to climb in tension again. Finally, I could not wait anymore. I moved my dripping fingers to again surround my throbbing clit and massaged fast, faster, and faster still, my body bowing in effort to find that peak. My arm muscles were beginning to spasm from the intensity but I couldn't stop. I'm almost there, almost, almost... AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! 

I cried out loudly as I fell off the edge of the world, saw stars and came HARD. I kept my hand moving through the peak and only stopping once it became too much sensation to handle. I lay there, half on and half off the sofa, gasping for air. Thank god it was a stand alone cottage! If I had shared a wall with anyone, they would have had no mystery as to what had just happened. 

I pulled myself together and went to the bathroom to clean up. I decided to shower to wash off the travel grime and recent exertions. After getting out of the shower and wrapping up in a flannel bathrobe, I climbed into bed and fell into a deep sleep with a smile on my face, hoping that the next day might bring a new adventure.

Chapter 2

I woke the next morning, a little disoriented, but well rested. The sun was up and it looked to be a beautiful day! I had two whole days before my course was to begin, so I decided to head into Stratford-upon-Avon that afternoon to do the touristy thing. I spent the morning checking and returning emails, updating my Facebook page and just generally relaxing. I headed out just after noon, managing to not drive on the right and headed into town. I found parking quickly, glad to be out of the car. I decided to take a walking tour - after all, one leaves almost every 2 hours, every single day. As a lover of theatre, I tried to absorb everything in this beautiful, historic town.

The tour guide was just launching into a tale about one of Shakespeare's plays when my phone rang. I quickly stepped away to answer.

"Hello?"

"What are you wearing?" I hear huskily said in my ear.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" I said with a laugh.

"Yes, I would, as you bloody well know!"

He asked me where I was and I explained about the tour and what my day had been like so far. 

"Where are you right at this moment," he asked huskily into the phone.

I looked up, found the closest café and gave him the name. 

"I'll meet you there." He said and hung up without another word.

I stood on the street feeling the warmth flood my body and my nipples tighten. He was on his way. I welcomed the cool air on my face as my blood was now coursing through my veins, hot and ready for what I hoped was coming. I noticed the tour guide had moved further down the street, surrounded by his mix of tourists, still prattling away at facts that I would have found interesting, if my mind hadn't moved on to my now throbbing girly bits. Amazing, one phone call from him and I was dripping just thinking about what we could be like in bed together.

I slipped into the café and ordered a cup of cocoa and a croissant and sat by the window, looking out into the street, waiting, not really seeing anything. I picked at my pastry and wondered if I was doing the right thing. After all, hitting it off on the plane and talking about sex didn't really mean anything. After about 30 minutes, my phone rang again.

"Leave the café and walk down the street to the left. Keep walking until I tell you to stop."

"Yes, sir." I answered with a smile, my breath hitching a bit.

I finished my last swallow of cocoa and glanced down at the pile of crumbs that used to be a croissant and left the café, turning left out the door. I walked about a block and heard, "Keep going." Then, he hung up.

As I approached a tiny alley between two close buildings, a hand shot out and draged me into the darkened space. His mouth was on mine, rough with need and pent up desire. His tongue swept my mouth and tangled with mine. His hands grasped my ass through my coat and pulled me close. Finally, we stepped back, both gasping for air, chests heaving, and we just stared at each other. No words. Just stared. Then we both laughed. 

"Hi!" I said, trying not to feel awkward.

"Hi." He said, looking down at me.

"How are you?" I asked.

"Horny." He said, making me laugh again.

"Wow, get right to the point, why don't ya!" I teased.

We straightened ourselves up and walked back out onto the street as if nothing had happened in that alley. We strolled back up the street from the direction that I had come, making small talk, talking about the weather, my little cottage and the classes I was there to take. He told me that he had put in to work for a couple of vacation days to "recover from jet lag."

"So does this mean that I have you to myself?" I ask shyly, hopefully.

"Yes."

"So are we really gonna do this?" I asked a little nervously.

"I hope so." He responded with a smile.

We stopped by his car, parked in an overnight spot, and grabbed his overnight bag. We hit the grocery for food and drink to take back to the cottage, all the while chatting about food preferences, drink preferences and even some naughty food uses, before getting our cart to the counter for check out. We split the bill and carried our bounty to my little rental car. I decided to let him drive, as he was more familiar with driving on the other side of the road, well, other side for ME at least. He hopped in and we were off. He was talking about something but all I could do was watch his mouth move and imagine where that mouth might be soon. I began to squirm in my seat, my hands clenching into fists in my lap so as not to grab at him while he was driving. He was a diligent driver, watching the road and navigating traffic with ease and confidence, and all I wanted to do was slide my hand over the outline of his bulge. 

I wanted to so badly on the flight over but I was trying to behave. Now, all bets were off. I wanted to feel his cock, damnit. So I did. 

I slowly slid my hand over his thigh and into the valley between his legs. I raked my nails up his inner thigh through his trousers and his breath hitched, causing him to choke on whatever it was that he was saying. My pinky brushed over his cock with a feather like stroke, felt it straining against the zipper. My mouth began to water. My pussy was already wet, and had been since I heard his voice on the phone earlier. 

"How much farther to this shack?" he managed to say between clenched teeth.

"About another 10 minutes, I think." 

"Oh, good lord."

I laughed, low and husky, and it came out sounding like a moan. He never took his eyes off the road. My hand turned slightly to cup his balls, my thumb slowly stroking. I left my hand there, ever so slowly stroking his cock with my fingers, while I gave him the final directions to the cottage. We turned in and he parked, turning off the engine. The silence in the car was only broken by his ragged breathing.

"Shall we go inside?" I said, removing my hand and hopping out of the car.

I look back and saw that his hands were gripping the steering wheel with a death grip, his eyes closed.

"You will pay for THAT, lady." He says with a wicked grin as he finally relaxed his grip.

"Oh yeah? First you have to make it inside!"

I grabbed groceries and headed into the house, leaving him to grab the remaining two bags and his overnight bag. I dropped the bags on the counter and began putting things away. He walked in with a look on his face that made me stifle the laugh that was bubbling up in my throat. He closed the door, flipped the lock and walked into the kitchen. He gently put the bags down and turned to me, a dark, broody look on his face.

"Right. Game on." He said, and I knew he meant it.

I carefully and slowly put down the bottle of wine and carrots that I was holding and backed away, coming up hard against the edge of the other counter. I was trapped between the counter and an advancing man, with a single minded expression on his face. 

"Oh dear!" I thought. Had I made a hasty decision?

He stopped directly in front of me and just stood there, hands balled into fists at his sides, staring at me. I began to grow warm, nervous and almost embarrassed under this stare. He didn't move. 

"Why doesn't he move???" I thought to myself.

My breath began to come more rapidly, my heart raced under my breast as I stood there, locked into place by that stare. My nipples drew into tight little buds that were visible beneath my thin sweater. I bit my lower lip as I fought the urge to just grab him. 

This had turned into a staring game of epic, horny proportions. The tension was palpable. We were both breathing faster, harder. Then the scent of my own arousal reached my nose and that was it. I couldn't wait anymore. I launched myself at him, wrapping my arms around his neck and pulling his head down to mine. I sucked his lower lip into my mouth and lightly scraped it with my teeth. My body bowed into his, wanting to feel him from head to toe. I kicked off my heels and lost 3 inches from my height, breaking our kiss. He grabbed my hips and hoisted me onto the kitchen counter. My legs opened and wrapped around him, pulling him tight against me. His big, capable hands slid under the edge of my sweater, lifting it up and over my head, leaving me sitting on the counter in my bra and jeans. 

I liked to be girly in my choice of underclothes and this day I had on a bra that has black lace over a deep pink, not usually my color, but it matched the pink of my aroused nipples. He attacked my neck. How did he know that it gets me hotter faster than almost anything else? He nibbled and sucked and licked at my neck as my head dropped back, allowing him access. My hands clutched his broad shoulders, holding on for dear life. He moved one hand to my shoulder and began slowly sliding the strap of my bra down my arm, following with tiny kisses that zinged energy straight to my clit, making it throb painfully. I whimpered and moaned, unable to stay silent. His kisses followed the edge of my bra cup into the valley between my breasts. He moved and took my nipple in his teeth through the fabric of my bra and flicked his tongue over the tip. I arched my back into him, silently begging for more. He slid the other bra strap down the other arm, following, again, with little kisses. I was melting into his hands. How did he know exactly how to please me? As he nibbled and licked his way to my cleavage, his hands reached around and deftly released my bra hooks, spilling my 42H breasts into his face. He buried his face between them and just sighed, the breath giving rise to gooseflesh on my torso. He turned his head and just laid his face on my breasts. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and held him there, just content for the moment. I gently massaged his neck and kissed his head. He turned his face to mine and we kissed, languidly, deeply. He dropped to his knees and ran his hands down my stomach to the top of my jeans. He slipped the button free and I felt the zipper slide down. He slid the cloth from under my ass and down off my dangling feet. 
