 Amy wasn't really Dan's "trophy wife," but he liked to joke that she was, because she was ten years younger than him -- twenty-two to his thirty-two -- and his second wife. Of course, Dan was hardly in any position to get himself a trophy wife even if he'd wanted one, working two cubicles from mine in an office downtown and struggling to both keep up the house he and Amy were living in now, and pay child support for the two kids from his first marriage. Fortunately his ex-wife was a nice woman

-- they'd just married too young, is all -- and didn't need alimony, so never asked for any.

It took a few months, because we were concerned at first about Dan rebounding with a much younger woman, but my wife and I grew very fond of Amy. We thought her perky personality was just what Dan needed. She and Ellie went shopping together, and even went off together for a couple of spa weekends. Amy liked to pretend to flirt with me when we were all together, warning Ellie that she had a thing for "older men" (Ellie and I are both thirty-one, pretty much the same age as Dan).

Fastforward to July 4th weekend. The 4th came out on a Thursday, so essentially it was a four-day weekend. The evening of the 3rd, Dan took off because he was taking his kids to Disneyland for the weekend. And it was hotter than hell.

You know how sometimes when it's really hot no matter how much you keep the air conditioner going, and the thermostat says it's cool, it still feels clammy and uncomfortable? That's how it felt to me

Wednesday night. Well, technically 1am Thursday morning. Ellie was out like a light, but I couldn't sleep. I heard noises outside.

I figured it was a raccoon going after our garbage, so I pulled a pair of boxers and walked outside to chase him off.

It wasn't a raccoon. It was Amy, right now swimming the length of our pool underwater. Once I realized it was her, I turned around and started back toward the house.

Then I heard a shriek. I turned around. Amy was standing next to the pool, wearing a plain black one-piece swimsuit, her hand on her chest. "Jamie, damn, you scared the living shit out of me."

"Sorry," I said.

"Nothing to be sorry about. It's your house. You said we could come over here to swim any time we wanted, so I hope it's okay --"

"It's fine, really.'

"Even this late at night? I didn't mean to wake you up."

"No, I was already up."

I was still about thirty feet away from her.

"You can come closer," she said, "I'm decent, you know. I didn't come over here to skinny-dip."

"I can see that," I said. "But I'd better not."

She squinted a bit, then laughed. "Oh, you're wearing boxers, not shorts. It's okay, I can handle the excitement. And I'd rather not be shouting across the yard at this time of night."

I walked over to the pool area and sat on one of the deck chairs, careful that everything stayed in place under my boxers.

She pulled another chair next to mine, and sat on it. "I was, excuse my French, hot as fuck inside my house," she said. "We never got a chance to fix the air conditioning. I mean, well, it was fix the air

conditioning or Dan takes the kids to Disneyland, and I'm the one who convinced him to spend the money on the Mouse instead, so I'm okay with it, but... hot as fuck, you know? I could deal with it during the evening, but I didn't think I'd ever get to sleep without cooling off first. So what's your story?"

I couldn't tell her I was too uncomfortable to sleep even though our a/c had the temperature down to 68, so I told her it was just some bout of insomnia.

"You could always jump into the pool for a while," she said.

"I don't think so," I said, gesturing at my boxers.

"You'd rather skinny-dip??" she said in a shocked voice.

"No, no, I didn't mean..."

She started to giggle. "Jamie, you're way to easy to tease."

"I guess," I said sheepishly.

She got up from her chair. "I better get going," she said. "It's late, and I have an early morning."

THE SECOND NIGHT

The next morning, I didn't say anything to Ellie about having seen Amy at the pool. I don't know why. It's not as I'd done anything wrong, other than perhaps letting Amy see me in my underwear in a

dimly-lit night. Maybe it's because I'd had some un-neighborly thoughts about Amy, and there was enough light for me to watch her swimsuit-covered as as she walked back to her house.

To late, I remembered that Ellie and Amy were hitting the mall for the 4th of July sales, and I hoped Amy wouldn't mention it to her.

But there were no embarrassing questions when Ellie got home around 5, Chinese take-out in tow. After dinner, as she was showing me her purchases, she to me she had one item she was saving for a special occasion, hinting only that it was read and left little to the imagination. When I tried to question her further, she said, "You should have seen the bathing suit Amy bought."

"Oh?"

"Actually, I doubt you'll ever see it. I doubt anybody will see it, other than Dan, and even that only in the privacy of their own bedroom."

"That bad? Or should I say 'good'?" I asked.

"Hey," she warned me (smiling, fortunately), "don't look THAT intrigued."

"You brought it up," I reminded her. "So now I'm curious."

"Well, it's certainly not something she's going to wear at the town pool. Or down at the shore. Or on any beach in the United States, for that matter."

"And when are you going to get one just like it?" I asked her.

"In your dreams."

"Yes, actually. So what does it look like?"

"Well, it's white. The top is a bandeau. Do you know what a bandeau is?"

"I'm a guy, sorry."

"Strapless, just a strip of material going around her chest, barely covering... well, her nipples. The bottom covers barely what's necessary so she wouldn't get arrested, and most of her behind shows

in the back."

"I'm surprised the local mall even carries something like that," I said.

"I know, right?"

An hour later we were in bed, making vigorous love. If Ellie suspected some of my enthusiasm came from imagining Amy in her new swimsuit, she didn't say anything.

#

Just after 1am, I heard the sound of a splash outside. I walked over to the window, looked out. The sky was clearer tonight, and the moon was almost full, so I could see somebody in the pool. I pulled on my

boxers -- and a pair of shorts this time -- and went outside to say hello.

I'd just reached the pool area as Amy was climbing out of the water, running her hands through her long hair to squeeze out some of the water. Oh, I thought, so that's what a bandeau is.

"Hey," Amy said when she noticed me.

Ellie hadn't mentioned that when it got wet, this new bathing suit became translucent. You couldn't see completely through it, but I could clearly see the color of Amy's nipples.

And, when I got closer, the fact that she shaved most but not all of her pubic hair.

"Hi," I said, a bit shakily.

"Do you like my new suit?"

"I'd have to be gay and dead not to like it," I said, without thinking. "I mean..."

"It's okay," she said with a soft giggle. "There's nothing wrong with paying me a compliment. And thank you. I just hope Dan reacts the same way, but he'll probably..." She trailed off.

"What?"

"Nothing, nevermind. I don't want to burden you with my problems." She sat down on one of the chairs, still in place from the night before. "Say," she said, shaking off the serious mood, "why the shorts tonight?"

"Well," I said, "last night I didn't think anybody was here. Tonight, well, I figured I should dress for company."

She gave me a pout, clearly very fake, but still kind of cute. "But now you have me feeling very under-dressed. Maybe I should put on my robe."

"Not on my account," I told her.

"Well then," She said, nodding toward my shorts.

"You're kidding," I said.

"Take it off, Jamie Rose Lee."

I pushed my shorts down my legs, keeping my knees bent so she wouldn't be able to see the erection under my boxers. I couldn't not think about the fact that her breasts were almost visible through her wet

top, and her nipples were poking right through, and it was all close enough for me to touch.

She clasped her hands behind her neck, as if simply to relax, but she had to be aware that this made her breasts push out against the strip of cloth covering them, the thin strip of cloth, coming perilously

close to escaping altogether. Since her nipples were so plainly visible, I could see that they weren't more than an inch away from the top of the fabric. It was difficult for me to concentrate on what she

was saying, because I kept wondering what would happen if she stretched her arms out again.

"Jamie?"

"Uh... what?"

"I was asking you, what did you think of the new dress Ellie bought today?"

"I liked it."

That giggle again. "I thought you would. I think it's a bit shorter than she was comfortable with, but I told her she should loosen up a bit; not be afraid to show off the goods a bit, do you agree?"

"I think so too," I said -- meaning it, but also distracted by Amy's nipples, which I could swear had crept another half inch closer to freedom.

"You sound tired," she said. "Maybe we should call it a night."

"No, I'm fine," I said. "I'm just-- I mean, I--"

"I'm going to take another dip before I leave, though."

"Okay."

"Join me."

"I can't."

"Oh, come on. Your boxers are a lot more decent than what I'm wearing."

"You're right," I said.

She smiled, ran over to the edge of the pool, and dove in. I dove in after her.

I couldn't remember the last time I'd been in the pool in the middle of the night, and the cool water felt great after sitting around in the humid air.

We swam to the other hand of the pool, then she took a deep breath and dove down to the bottom. I followed her. Even in the dim light, as our feet touched the floor of the pool, I could see that when completely soaked through, her bathing suit was completely see-through. Wow.

She pointed upward, signaling me to return to the surface. I kicked off from the floor of the pool and as I swam past her, she grabbed the waistband of my boxers. I managed to squirm free, and made it to the

surface with my dignity intact. She reappeared next to me a moment later, laughing hysterically at having almost pantsed me.

Underpantsed me. Whatever.

I wondered whether it was now my turn, and how she'd react if I took a grab at either her thin, transparent top, or her hardly-there bottoms. I mean what's good for the goose, right?

She must have known what I was thinking, and she suddenly turned serious. "Time for me to go," she said, and she climbed out of the pool, the back of her bathing suit pulling up as she moved to expose

just about her entire bare ass. Even though I was alone now, I waited a few minutes until my erection subsided before I got out of of the pool.

THE THIRD NIGHT

Friday night, I didn't even try to sleep. Would Amy come by again? The night was certainly hot and steamy enough for a swim; but would she feel uncomfortable after things got out of hand the night before?

Well, they hadn't gotten out of hand, not really. But they could have. And on some level, I knew, we'd both wanted them to.

At a quarter to one I got dressed -- just in case Ellie woke up and wondered where I was going -- and went outside. When I got to the pool area, I stripped down to my boxers, sat on the same chair I'd used the past two nights, and waited.

And at about a minute to 1, I saw Amy crossing over from their back yard to ours. She was wearing her robe, and I hoped she had the same white swimsuit underneath.

If she noticed me there, she didn't show it. She stood by the side of the pool, dropped her robe, and dove in.

I couldn't believe it. I was half-right: she was wearing the bottoms of her new bikini. But just the bottoms.

She swam the length of the pool and then back again, then climbed out. Her bikini bottoms almost transparent, water dripping from her bare breasts, she walked over to me. I didn't even try to hide my erection.

"You don't mind, do you?" she asked. "After last night, I figured if seeing me like this bothered you, you wouldn't be showing up here tonight."

"No," I said. "Not at all."

She cupped her breasts. "Do you like them?"

"Are you kidding? Who wouldn't?"

She sat next to me, and the smile left her face. "Dan thinks they're too small. He claims he can't stand his ex-wife, but he can't stop telling me how her tits were so much bigger than mine. He wants me to

get a boob job, I'm sure of it."

"Don't you dare!" I said without thinking.

Her smile returned. "Then I won't," she said. "Jamie..." she started slowly.

"Yes?"

"You know how I flirt with you sometimes, saying I like older men?"

"Sure."

"I'm kidding about the older man part, you know. That doesn't matter to me one way or the other. But I've always liked you."

"I've always liked you too," I said.

"I don't mean just as a neighbor, you know."

"I know. And, well, me too."

"Jamie..." She nodded down at her breasts. "Go ahead if you'd like."

I hesitated for a moment, then brought both of my hands to her breasts. "Mmmm," she said softly.

"We shouldn't be doing this," I said softly, never taking my hands from her breasts.

"I know. And I shouldn't be doing this either," she said, softly brushing her hand across my cock.

"Ggggg," I said; or something like that.

"Maybe we should jump in the pool before things get out of hand," she said, closing her hand softly around my cock.

"You're probably right," I said, lightly pinching a nipple.

"Maybe... maybe we'd better cool off before we do something we shouldn't," she said, pulling away from me and running over to the pool.

She jumped in, and after a moment I jumped in after her. She dove underwater and I went down as well, marveling at the sight of her bare breasts swaying in the cool water, her nipples hardening as I watched.

I pointed up, as she had the night before, as as she passed by me -- very closely, since I'm sure she suspected what I had in mind -- I grabbed at her bikini bottoms and they easily came off in my hands.

I followed her to the surface, and she said "That was very naughty."

I smiled and said "I know."

She swam over to the pool and pulled herself up, sitting naked on the ledge, her legs apart to let me see her bare pussy. Waiting for her to tell me to stop, which she never did, I swam over to her, rested my

hands on her knees, and brought my mouth to her pussy lips. I circled her pussy with my tongue, stopping only to kiss her clit.

She grabbed the back of my head and pulled it closer to her, and I thrust my tongue into her pussy, fucking her orally. I could see her squeezing her breasts hard; and after about five minutes, she brought

one hand to her mouth to stifle the sound of her orgasm. She pushed my head away from her pussy, took a moment to compose herself, then dropped back into the pool. "There's something I always wanted to try," she said, slipping my boxers down my legs.

As soon as I stepped out of them, she took a deep breath, dove under the water, and took my cock deep into my mouth. I was as hard as I needed to be, and the feel of her warm mouth after the cool water felt

exquisite. And an underwater blow job... I never thought I'd experience that.

I felt certain I'd cum in less than a minute -- maybe half a minute -- but after about ten seconds she pulled away and quickly surfaced, coughing and spitting out water. "Okay," she said, "that's sexy as

hell in theory, but I don't know how anybody does it without drowning."

She took my hand and pulled me over to the shallow end, where a railing was installed next to three steps. She turned her back to me, grabbed the railing, and said "Fuck me, Jamie."

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Do I sound unsure? Fuck me now, damn it."

I put my hands on her waist to brace myself and without any hesitation, slid my cock slowly into her pussy.

"Fuck!" she said. "Not like that. Harder. Faster. My pussy's hot as hell."

I rammed my cock into her as hard as I could, and I heard her gasp.

"Oh, you're so hard, so hard," she said.

"Your pussy feels so good," I said. "So wet. So hot."

"Oh fuck, fuck, Jamie, fuck me hard, just like that."

I really don't know what the fuck we were saying after a point: just random porno words, fuck and hard and wet, as she begged me to go faster. Finally she said "Cum in me, fill my pussy with your hot cum,"

and I have to be honest I hadn't even thought about whether it was safe to cum in her -- but seconds after she said it, I began spurting cum inside her, continuing to pump my cock into her as I came, feeling my cum, mixed with her own pussy juices, spraying out of her pussy, dripping down her legs, dripping onto my balls. And then she came, screaming, her scream echoing in the quiet night.

I kept fucking her until her orgasm came down, knowing that Ellie might have heard her screaming, but knowing there was nothing I could do about it at that point anyway.

Of course it hardly mattered, because when we looked up, we saw Ellie standing by the side of the pool watching us, dressed in a short, diaphanous teddy that would have made me hard all over again if I

weren't so thoroughly spent. And surprised. And, well, scared.

"Having fun?" she asked us.