 We are on a secluded beach in a small cove. I have a massage table setup in the shallow, warm water, small waves lapping at the shore. Warm tropical breezes rustles the fronds on the palm trees, steel drum music coming from water proof speakers mounted under the table. Looking at your hard, hot body (in your little bikini) has me thinking of several very inappropriate massage techniques I hope to use this morning. We step into the shallow, warm water, I turn away so you may remove your top and get on the table. You lay on the table, on your back, covered by a light sheet, enjoying the warm sun.

I take your left arm from under the sheet and begin to apply my oil to your left arm, from shoulder to your hand. I then take your arm, working from the fingers, progressing upwards to the shoulder. I step to the other side of the table and repeat the procedure on your right arm.

After I finish your arms, I step to the head of the table and take your head in my hands. I apply the oil to the right side of your neck and firmly knead from the base of your head to your shoulder. After I finish, I repeat on the left side of your neck.

I place a towel over your full breasts (still covered by the sheet), and ask your permission to work the sheet from under the towel. I fold the sheet down to your waist, and apply oil to your chest, above and below your tits. This is followed by kneading your chest, above and below the towel (even though you secretly hope that I would cup your tits and play with your nipples, I am the consummate professional, not contacting your breasts).

I then move down the table and uncover your left leg. I apply oil from hip to toe, then knead from tow to hip, working the inside of your thigh. You hope that I would reach up a bit higher on your thigh, but I don't (and that begins to frustrate you). I move to the other side of the table and repeat (causing you to become more aroused and frustrated).

I lift the sheet up and you roll towards me, on to your belly. I drape the sheet to expose your back and upper glutes. Oil is applied to your back, working neck to hip, followed by very firm kneading from hip to neck. I knead working upward then outward, asking if the pressure was ok and you replied that it was. When I finished your back, I asked if I could untie the strings on your bottoms, so that I would have better access to your glutes, you murmured ok. I exposed your lower back and glues, covering the lower half of your ass with the sheet. I proceeded to oil and knead your firm, hot, little ass. I noticed you gave a few low moans as I worked your glutes. I had been trying to maintain control during the massage, but hearing your moans I'm beginning to get very hard.

I get a little more oil and work under the sheet and begin to rub the inner thighs, slowly working higher...

As I work my way up your inner thighs, toward your cleft, I feel you squirm lightly and hear you draw in your breath in anticipation. I feel you spread your legs ever so lightly and I reach the velvetly smoothness of your mound, enjoying the smooth softness of your skin. I gently kneed the inner thighs to the top of your crotch, and especially pay attention to the outer area of your mound. I feel you wriggle at my touch, longing for me to caress your inner lips, which are beginning to drip from my touch. You try to remain calm on the table, but you feel the desire building in your pussy. 

As I move my hands down your legs, I felt you grind your crotch into the table. My cock is straining in my shorts, outlined in the lycra material. I know that you are mine for the taking, but I continue to tease you, working around your honey hole without touching the areas you want to be touched. I can feel you grind into the table harder, trying to stimulate your clit, soft moans escaping from your lips. 

Working back up toward your moist pussy, I slip my right hand, palm up, under your mound. You begin to grind yourself into my hand, rubbing with greater urgency. I slide my hand back a few inches and place my thumb alongside your now dripping slit. You continue to rub against my palm and as you grind, I place my thumb against your opening. I feel you push back, ramming my thumb deep within you. You moan softly and continue to buck back and forth, fucking yourself harder with my thumb rubbing deeply within you. After a few minutes, I pull my hand back and rub your inner lips, feeling the satin smoothness of your skin. You moan urgently and I roll you onto your back, spreading your legs and begin to lick your wet slit. I feel you shudder as my tongue flicks across your erect clit (peeking out from under it's hood). I lick and suck downwards, till I reach your opening. I thrust my tongue deeply within you, riding the waves of pleasure you feel, causing you to thrust your hips harder and harder. Seeing that you are about to cum, I begin to suck on your clit, while I thrust 2, then 3 fingers deeply into your throbbing pussy. You are bucking harder and moaning louder, working towards your first orgasm. I feel you clamp tightly against my probing fingers, while you are pressing my head harder against your sweet mound. I feel the release begin, causing you to shudder with intense pleasure, as you continue to grind against my face. After what seems hours, you subside on the table, laying on your back, catching your breath.

After a few minutes, I feel you tracing the outline of my hard cock, through the lycra material of my shorts. I feel you pulling the shorts downward, freeing my dick from it's prison. Grasping me in your hand, you pull me toward the head of the table and your waiting mouth. I feel your hot breath against me as I await the touch of your tongue against my skin. I feel you flick the tip of my dick with your tongue, paying attention to my slit, dripping with pre-cum. You lick up and down my stiff shaft, teasing me as you come to the head, licking down the other side. Finally, after what seems to be an eternity, I feel you take me into your velvety warm mouth, sliding downwards toward the base of my shaft. After taking several Inches, you bob your head upwards, lips sliding along my cock, your cheeks hollowing inwards from the gentle suction. I begin to thrust my hips, matching your movements, silently urging you to take me deeper. I feel you taking me deeper into your throat, and after a few minutes, I reluctantly pull away not wanting to cum to soon. 

I slip out of my shorts, and at your urging, laid on the table. You climbed on top of me and straddling my face, proceeded to continue to suck my straining cock. You lower your pussy to my waiting lips for some well deserved attention, and begin to grind against me while sucking me faster and faster. You are very sensitive and begin to cum again almost immediately. Your grinding and shuddering prove to be too much and I begin to squirt my load into your waiting mouth, as you clamp my head within your thighs as you also cum. After we both finished, I can feel you gently licking me, urging me to rise to the occasion, anxious for what will follow.

After a few minutes of skillfully using your tongue on my softened member, my dick is growing stiff again. As it hardens and lengthens, you keep your mouth against the base of my cock, allowing my dick to expand deeper and deeper into your throat. I struggle to remain still, relishing the unique sensation generated by your unusual technique. 

I feel you begin to raise your head upward, allowing my cock to slide upwards and out of your throat. You continue pulling away, till only the tip of my hard on remains in your warm mouth. I feel your tongue swirling around it, teasing the sensitive underside and playfully flicking against the opening.

While you have been sucking me in this wonderful fashion, I have been gently licking your pussy, avoiding your clit, sucking and nibbling on your our engorged labia. I can feel you struggle against your desire to grind against my gently teasing mouth and tongue. As I feel my cock escape from the prison of your mouth, you grind your clit against my mouth, sending waves of pleasure to spread throughout your firm, tan body. I lick and nibble on your love nub, causing you to moan in pleasure. You raise your dripping pussy from my face, and I feel you slowly turn and face me, straddling my waist, my dick standing erect, as you position yourself.

I feel you rub my against my cock with your pussy, sliding up and down my stiff shaft. I can feel my tip brush against your opening as you slide up and down, teasing my shaft, teasing me. After a couple of minutes, you reach down, grab me, and guide me into your hot, moist, velvetly love tunnel. You take my entire length in one slow, downward thrust, and you pause, griping me with your internal muscles. I reach up and begin to fondle your full, firm tits, circling your erect nipples. A quite moan escapes from your mouth and you begin to ride me, slowly at first, with long full strokes. After a few strokes, you begin to vary the pace and depth up your of thrusting. At the top of the stroke, I feel only my head in your pussy, in danger of falling out, but you reverse your motion, burying me deep within you. You pause at the bottom of each thrust, grinding against me, crotch to crotch. I watch as you reach down and finger your clit, shuddering with the jolts of excitement pulsing from your erect little button. After 5 to 6 minutes, you slowly, reluctantly pull yourself off me, freeing my prick from your velvet prison. 

I roll off of the table and grab you, still on your knees, and pull you to the edge of the table. I grab my cock and guide it into you from behind, thrusting as deep as I can, while you push against me, meeting my thrust, moaning as my dick penetrates and fills your waiting pussy. As I continue to ram myself into you, I grab your hips and pull you against me, controlling the pace and depth of our love making. I reach up, cupping and fondling your breasts, hearing you squeal in delight. As I can feel you begin to increase the pace, I can hear the building urgency in your moans, as you build to another orgasm.

I pull out of your pussy, as you whimper from the sudden emptiness, and begin to eat you again. I run my tongue around and in your pussy, tasting your juices, teasing your clit. After licking you for several minutes, I roll you onto your back, spread your legs, and drive my throbbing cock deeply into your pussy. You match me thrust for thrust, moaning louder, wrapping your legs around me to pull your cunt against me, grinding your clit against me. I watch as you begin to finger your clit, faster and faster, matching your thrusts. I can see the building orgasm on your face, sensing your urgency and desire to cum. After several minutes of hard, vigorous fucking, you begin to cum. I can feel your pussy constrict around my dick, increasing the amazing sensations of our love making, bringing me to ram as deeply as I can into your cunt, as my dick begins to spasm repeatedly, filling you with my hot cum. You reach up and pull me against you, holding me tightly as you shudder over and over, the waves of pleasure spreading through your body, finally releasing me after your orgasm subsides. I feel my cock softening in your pussy and I reluctantly pull out of your cunt, dripping with a mixture of our love juices. 

I cuddle up to you for a few moments as you regain your composure and strength. I suggest that we go snorkeling in the cove. You agree, so I get our masks and fins and we go for a little skinny dipping. I'm sure we will be up for a bit of weightless, underwater lovemaking (story to cum. ;) ).