 For five of the next seven days, I rode "Sweet Thing" as hard and as fast as I could, across several state lines while still avoiding the law. I talked to Lynn several times and told her what she should bring to the secluded, small, wonderful bed and breakfast that I had discovered two years ago. It was supposed to be closed for the season, but the two gay guys who ran it were friends. They listened to my tale and wanted to help. I assured them, I would make it worth their while and would get them some great publicity for spring. Twice I texted Sue. She did not reply. It was becoming difficult for me to keep my mind from facing that I had butted into her life, messed it up and hurt her. I could not face what I felt and how much I had wanted her.

Terri knew what this long weekend was all about but Lynn was laying it on thick about it being a lovers' get-a-way for the two of them. They arrived early on Terri's first peak fertility day. All day Lynn and she snuggled and talked about the future. After a light dinner, they retired, stone sober, very touchy feely. Soon they were nude in the very dimly lit room, cuddling under the covers; Lynn knew the script.

"Terri, I have never asked you this and it is okay if you say, no. I understand how you feel about having your body penetrated by anything except my tongue and fingers. I have had a fantasy for a long time of making love with you, being assertive and bringing great pleasure to you as a man does to his woman. I would like for us to be together like always are but I would like to wear something and push into your hot, fertile body."

"I want this to be a special weekend for you, as it is for me. If it hurts will you stop?"

"Yes, Lover, I'll stop. I could never hurt you except to make you cum one more time than you want."

"Remember that time we both had too much to drink and you took an hour to push your hand inside me?"

"I am sorry about that. I really got turned on and carried away."

"I need to confess something to you. I have let you feel bad about that but, truthfully, I never came harder in my life. I don't want to go that far tonight but I want to feel you on top of me, taking me, opening me, doing what you want to me to feel complete and satisfied. I'll imagine you cuming and making me pregnant."

For most of an hour, I watched them. Lynn's talented tongue and fingers brought Terri off twice and then tortured her, getting her close and backing away. She put a little pillow under Terri's hips and then buckled on a strap-on a harness with a very natural feeling cock. Terri found it as Lynn climbed back into bed. She stroked it, asked for it to be in her mouth and Lynn urged her on, reaching back to rub Terri's wet, swollen pussy's red lips. I could not hear her whispered words but I knew what was being said. My cock was rock hard and needing to cum. I imagined Lynn's words, "I am going to put one of the big round cushions under your knees so you can tilt her to me. Then I'm going to straddle you, enter you, make love to you, cum in you and leave your pregnant with our baby."

My costume was just to keep Terri from feeling my male skin; it was just a cloth covered half round of cardboard. Lynn set the stage for act one, "Close your eyes, lover, and feel me getting you ready for me to push into you and cum in your belly."

Terri sighed, closed her eyes and helped Lynn by holding her legs up while Lynn positioned the "round cushion" and then stretched Terri's legs over it and straddled her belly. I could see the drops from Lynn's pussy string down from the harness and smear as their bodies touched. For several minutes they kissed and Terri's body began to churn up against Lynn's. Lynn reached back and rubbed her, slipped two fingers into her, spread her, "Are you ready for me?"

A hoarse, turned on, wanting to cum voice rasped out, "Yes. Fuck me." 

Lynn was careful to let only the thumb and forefinger of her right hand touch Terri. When I pushed, Lynn rolled her hips, held her cock away and guided the tip of my cock, through her fist, to push into the willing pussy. Terri's groan was sincere pleasure. Her own hips pushed and Lynn allowed more of me to slip inside her girlfriend.

"Give me all of it."

Lynn let go of my cock and leaned forward to kiss her. I watched Lynn's beautiful naked, spread ass and her little pucker. I could see the muscles begin to tighten and ready themselves for their first thrust. I matched it. Terri had half of me when she moaned into Lynn's mouth, lifted her hips and opened her thighs wider to accept the rest. We had not practiced but I matched the next few thrust perfectly. Lynn's imagination was in over drive so her thrusts were not regular. I heard her struggle to say, "God, Terri, you are so tight, I cannot take much of this, you are going to make me cum."

Lynn's thrusts were harder now and Terri opened as wide as she could and my cock nestled tightly against her each time I tried to match Lynn's thrusts. Terri's fingers were flying on her own clit. The back of her hand rubbed against the empty leather harness. I was struggling with all I had to match their climax to maximize Terri's cervix accepting my sperm. Terri's body began to tremble and Lynn arched her back. Their mouths were glued together but I heard their mutual, "Now." My balls gave up everything and my cock was still throbbing, rock hard when, Lynn lifted Terri's legs and I rolled away. She explained to her hopefully pregnant lover,

"I'm going to tilt your hips so they are higher than your chest, so my cum stays puddled at the mouth of your womb. You can take your time and sip it. It is good for a long time. I want it all to get deep inside you and bathe your egg."

Terri heard her but Terri was played out and almost asleep. She let Lynn maneuver her like a ragdoll, slide into the bed beside her and pull the comforter over them. It wasn't in the script, but I turned off the dim light when I went out.

Before breakfast the next morning, the two ladies had peed, washed and returned to bed to snuggle just a little. Lynn lay on her back with her head at the foot of the bed, toward the door, spread her legs and said, "You didn't finish me last night."

I was going to stroke my half-hard cock to get it ready, but watching Terri's naked ass spread as she crawled up from the foot of the bed to nestle her face between Lynn's thighs was more than I needed for stimulation. Lynn's fingers invaded her lover's pussy, "You are still swimming in my cum from last night." As she pulled her wet fingers free, Lynn reached out and guided my cock smoothly in. Before I hit bottom, I heard Lynn's lips slurp the tasty wetness from Terri's clit.

This time there was no great staging. Terri tensed but then relaxed grinding her pussy into Lynn and thrusting it back against me. Mornings are usually great for male control. Today was an exception. Lynn fingering my balls did not help. Both of their timed moans did not help. When my scrotum tightened, Lynn squeezed as if to wring out the last of my cum from me. My cock throbbed and pulsed longer than it usually did. I knew I was empty but the pleasure from the tight milking sheath was too much to leave. I would probably have stood there until my cock got hard again and I could cum more but Lynn pushed my thighs away. That was my cue to leave, get ready quickly, be sitting at the breakfast table when they arrived and I complaine about them being late.

Lynn had choreographed the late afternoon activity. It seems they liked to play in the shower. I bribed our hosts to let us use their large steam shower with six heads. My job was to sit in a strait back chair and be invisible and cum on queue. An extra shower curtain was my blanket when the lights were turned down low and two nude already turned on women slipped into the steam.

"I have the strap-on again. Walk forward and let me guide you down onto my cock." I leaned to one side so Lynn could stand behind me, kiss, touch and love her girlfriend. "Thrust into me, Terri. I don't know how to move like this."

Lynn's fingers were very active. She was much rougher than I would normally be with a lover. She pulled at Terri's nipples, rubbed her clit and pulled at that too. Terri found the perfect angle to drive her g-spot into the head of my cock and then push having me slide deep enough to press at Lynn's fingers and touch the mouth of Terri's drowning cervix. I watched, detached as long as I could. Lynn had felt me tense about ready to cum. Now, it was she who tensed and she grabbed Terri roughly, cried, "I cuming" and filled her lover up again. When Terri stood to hug Lynn, I snuck away so they could touch and share love without me. I was happy how things were going for them but my invisibility was making me think about Sue more and more.

The last round we had planned was the next morning. It was almost like the morning before. Terri's position said she knew and that she was ready. Lynn was leaning against the headboard this time with her legs splayed wide and Terri's face was working between her outstretched legs. Lynn watched my nude body approach her woman, spread her and enter her from behind. I motioned for Lynn to keep Terri's head down and her hips high so my spend would go deep and be where it should be, if Terri was not already pregnant. Lynn had a plan of her own.

"Terri, use you wonderful muscles and suck me off." For a lesbian, Terri had remarkable control. I had never felt such contractions, ripples and sucking inside a woman. I stood taller and very still to enjoy her every move. Again Lynn instructed her, "Lift your ass higher so my cum will flow deep and stay in you." This new angle raked my cock roughly along the bottom of Terri's clit and across her g-spot.

Terri began to cum but Lynn told her, "I'm not there yet, slow down, keep going."

Those magical muscles sucked and tugged at me. Some part of her insides found a way to lick at the ridge of my helmet and I had to struggle to stand. I was still, she was not moving much but my cock was being stroked. It was very sensitive and my balls loved it and refused to cum. Lynn began to thrust into Terri's face, pushing Terri's cunt into longer slides of pulling my cock out and pushing it in. Lynn knew from watching my squinted eyes and contorted face when the first rope launched from my lurching cock. I reached out to touch some female flesh but I knew it was not Sue, so I remembered my place and why I was there.

When I pulled out of Terri, her cunt was gaping and only a little cum dripped from her opening. I could barely stand and the sensitivity of pulling out bent me over to look at my own, red, pulsing, super-sensitive cock. I managed to stumble out and leave. Terri's ass was still up in the air. I knew that inside, she was working her muscles to suck Lynn's sperm deeper into her body.

We had one more evening together. The plan was for all of us to dine together. Terri was tired and went to sleep early. Lynn came down and saw that I was drinking rather heavily.

"That's not like you, Big Boy. What's wrong?"

"Just me, being me. I messed things up for Sue. I wanted to help but I didn't"

"Why do you say you messed things up?"

"She doesn't even wave to me, answer my calls or text messages. By now I'm sure she is lonely and wishing everything was like it was before she ever met me. I'm sure she blames me for everything."

Lynn knew when to stay quiet.

"I've thought through what happened a hundred times. I didn't think I had horrible motives. I told myself, I was helping and that truth was what she needed to be happy. Now I think I wanted her, could see her being the one and I set out to get her without thinking about her and what she really wanted."

"Tony, I don't think your mind is working and I don't think you are giving Sue enough credit. You don't really think she wanted to be with a cheating husband who didn't care for her, had another family on the side, didn't come home but controlled every facet of her life and wouldn't even let her have friends. Do you?"

"I didn't, but now, I'm not sure. I only know how much, I want her for myself. Maybe I should have told her that and then stayed out of her life. I now think I got involved to benefit myself and not her."

The evening meal was excellent, as usual. Lynn and I talked about more fun stuff. I told her when I would need her and Terri again - this time in San Francisco. As we called it an evening, I gave her a white box with a white bow. The top just lifted off. Inside were two pregnancy tests, a note that said "Wait two weeks," a pink baby rattle and a blue baby rattle. I got my hug and saw tears of hope in her eyes. I thought I would be flying high after what Lynn, Terri and I had done. Instead, I felt empty. Even trying to hear "Uncle Tony" in my mind did not help.

When I got home the next day, I waved to Sue. She did not wave back. The same thing happened the next day. I decided not to try to horn into her world again. The next week a "For Sale" sign went up on her house.

Nothing had ever grounded me or pushed me into a true depression before. This did. I gave up on my current mystery because my characters didn't seem real any more. Porn did not interest me. I started to go really wild with my imagination into the genre of science fiction for the teenage male mind. I tested my first short stories on the internet. They were too dark even for those twisted, hormone driven creatures.

For a day, I could soak up the beauty and enthusiasm from Lynn and Terri. Terri was pregnant. It was too early for this, but I thought, she absolutely glowed. I gave Lynn an outline of my family tree, my boringly healthy medical history and an "I Owe You" to "a baby to be named later" for $20,000 to start a college savings account in a Franklin Mutual Fund. I also told her to have all the medical bills sent to me. Hell, I could use all of that for write offs.

I could not tell anyone what was going through my mind. It was too un-American, too libertine and too deviant for western consumption. My father had been career military. I had spent many years in Oriental countries. When I enlisted, I spent two more in Thailand. Before I was twelve, I knew "marriage" was a contract in most of the world. Sometimes "love" came later from mutual respect. I thought more and more every day that I belonged in a society where a woman would be with me because I would provide, would be nice and respect our agreement. I could accept the fantasy and the lie that she cared, if we could share time together, have satisfying sex and be together day after day. Love had failed me many times. I was ready for another approach in the years I had left. I wanted a son and a family, more than I wanted everything else. I never voiced that, because it sounded so pitiful and needy. I was stronger than anyone I knew, yet I had this need and twisted way of thinking burning inside me. On top of that, I loved Sue and she hated me for what I had done to her life.

Two thirds drunk, I typed as fast as I knew how to escape into "Coulan -- the universe's consummate hunter." It grew and grew from a short story into a novel and my editor sent it to another publisher. Everything exploded. It was picked up by a cartoon network and worked into a Saturday program. That quickly moved to a late weeknight cartoon and I was asked to write more. In five months, my stupidity had made more money than all my mysteries combined and it showed no hint of stopping. The more I wrote, the more I made Coulan like me, dark, sulking and desirous of a young girl that he knew and who kept his secret.

All I had to do was, drink half a box of cheap wine, wear lose clothing and start typing. The part of me that never grew up, raced from my finger tips and sold without much editing. The sadder, I got, the more popular the "late night kids'" program became. Polls of viewers discovered that men, 30-50 watched the show more than teenagers did. Women watched to see if Coulan ever lost control and took what he wanted from the human females of the earth. He was massive, unbeatable and always on the edge of losing control. That is why he was spending so many years exiled on the earth, until he matured. The more I wrote, the more I knew, I had never matured and did not deserve love unless I earned it or paid for it. My love was a gift but I did not deserve the same gift in return.

In one day of sanity, I went with Lynn to see a now eight month pregnant, Terri. During lunch at their house, Terri showed me a tiny foot push against her skin from inside her. She asked that I gently push at it. The human inside her learned quickly to resist the pressure of my hand. My eyes were full of tears when she asked me to stop playing because she was getting kicked painfully under her ribs.

For two days, I wrote and re-wrote what had happened when I felt the tiny foot inside Terri. Lynn had sensed something was wrong. She came to me and gave me what she had and what had always been my desire. She gave me her body. I tasted it, touched it, reveled in it, pleased her and fucked her until she went home the next morning satisfied and knowing that I was still on the edge, like my cartoon, Coulon. I also knew, I was losing my grip on reality, so I wrote and wrote and wrote to please the endless demand. When I fell asleep on my keyboard, there were a few hours of relief. I could not let my mind and heart be free or the tears would come.

Lynn was my friend. Somehow, she found where Sue had moved to. She had gone back to the small town where she was born. Now she was affluent but alone and unhappy. Lynn's presence on her doorstep did not make Sue any happier but she was gracious and invited her in for coffee.

Finally the eight hundred pound gorilla was addressed, "Sue, why did you quit talking to Tony and move away?"

"Did he send you to ask me that?"

"No, he has no idea that I am here."

"He played with me, used me, broke-up my marriage and all that left me alone."

"He cares for you very much. He thought, he was helping by getting you some freedom, some excitement, some new experiences and letting you see how you were being used and even abused."

"Why are you here?"

"I thought we were at least casual friends and could talk. He is a wonderful man and has helped Terri and me beyond words but he has not recovered from your rejection. Like you, he now also believes, he should have left you alone to live with your cheating husband, controlled and afraid in your house. He is having trouble living with the hurt he feels he caused you by wanting to give you control of your life, your happiness and your freedom. I should not have come. I see now that he is right and you did not mind being degraded and you do not value what Tony wanted to give you."

Sue sat quietly. Lynn felt very out of place.

"I need to leave. I was wrong in coming. Your world and his are just too far apart. When they touched, I guess, everyone had to get hurt."

"Is Tony alright?"

"No. You have been with him. I'm sure you felt the life, the excitement and love that goes with him. He wanted you, he wanted to help you. When you were hurt instead, that drained much of the life out of him. He is busy, successful and more deeply sad than anyone should have to endure. Don't worry, I should be able to get dozens of people to put fun and happiness back into him. I'll tell him how beautiful you house is, tell him about your furniture, your car, your computer, your family that lives with you, your friends, your activities and all the freedom you have. That will please him and make him know that he did not ruin your life by having your cheating husband tell you the truth."

Lynn gathered her stuff and began to leave when Sue said, "He could call me."

Lynn's face flushed with anger. She was barely in control. "You turned your back on him, did not answer his many calls; didn't wave when he waved and left without saying goodbye to a man who loves you and wants only the best for you. Don't you think you have to purse him equally? Can't you be human and call him?" She knew it was best that she got out of Sue's house before she exploded.
