 Author's Note: This is the second and longest part of a four-part story. Although there is some sexual activity in this story, if you are looking for a quickie "stroke and cum" story you might want to select something else to read. For those who enjoy plot and character development and a long build-up to a rousing conclusion, please feel free to follow along this special tale.

*

A week later, Emily asked if she could invite a couple of her best friends over to go swimming for the afternoon. Mitchell had never met any of her friends and thought that it would be an interesting encounter.

"Of course, your friends are welcome to come over," Mitchell said. "I don't spend all my spare time keeping this damned pool clean just to sit around and look at how clear and sparkling it is. I'd much rather see it being used."

"Oh, great! Thank you!" Emily said with an excited little squeal and gave him a little hug. "You'll just love my friends. They're the best!"

Her friends arrived just before noon on what turned out to be a gorgeous early summer Saturday. It was a perfect pool day without a single cloud in the sky and the temperature hovering in the low 80s with very little humidity.

"Mitch, this is my friend Lizzie and this is Katie!" she said excitedly.

"Hello, girls! Hope you a have great time!" Mitchell replied.

Lizzie was a skinny little sprightly blonde girl about five-two or five-three with big, blue eyes and an infectiously happy smile. Katie was taller, though not quite as tall as Emily, with beautiful long dark hair and a pair of sultry dark eyes. She seemed a little more reserved than Lizzie, but in a quiet and elegant way. From what he could see beneath the girls' short little cover-ups, the faint outlines of their skimpy bikinis were visible and both were sporting beautiful suntans that must have been helped along by a tanning salon given that it was still early in the summer.

"Hi, Mitch!" Lizzie said, obviously the more outgoing of the two friends.

"Hello," Katie said giving him a long thorough look.

Mitchell waved them into the house and went about his business. Once he had the pool open and cleaned on Saturday mornings, he liked to sit down and go through the household's finances. Although he could hear what the girls were saying while he sat at the dining room table, it sounded like the girls were just having fun and it wasn't long before he heard the sounds of them jumping into the pool. He smiled at the thought and then concentrated on what needed to be done.

An hour or so later, when things had quieted down outside, Mitchell was ready to take advantage of the gorgeous early summer day and went upstairs to put on his swim trunks. Out of curiosity, he glanced out the window of his bedroom that looked out onto the pool area and caught a glimpse of the girls stretched out on a set of lounges they had arranged together, careful to have their feet pointed toward the sun.

Lizzie had on something very skimpy in yellow and orange, Katie was wearing a tiny little hot pink suit while Emily was in a skimpy little black suit with pink strings. They were all lying on their backs, their bodies greased with sunscreen and glistening in the brilliant sunlight. They all looked so sexy with nearly every outline of their youthful curves apparent through the damp thin fabric of their swimsuits. 

As Mitchell stripped down and stepped into his own trunks, he became quite aware of the effect of seeing this trio of backyard bathing beauties when he had to stuff what had become a nearly full-fledged hard-on into his trunks. "Jesus!" he said to himself. "Just call me a dirty old man!" he laughed. At least this proves I'm not dead yet, he thought. 

While stepping out onto the deck, he decided to give them a little privacy and set himself up on the far side of the pool. He liked to stretch out and sun himself for a while before diving in the pool, so he arranged his lounge chair and reclined with his eyes closed, delighting in the wonderful warmth of the sun. It didn't take long before he heard Emily's voice calling over to him.

"Hey! Mitch! What're you doing way over there?" she called out. "Being anti-social or something?"

He picked his head up and looked over toward the girls. "Didn't want to disturb you, girls."

"That's okay. You won't disturb us," Lizzie chipped in.

"Nah, you guys are probably talking about clothes and boys and that infernal young people's music."

"We could talk about something else if you'd prefer," Emily shouted over. "You know, like social security, and the rising cost of denture cream, and Lawrence Welk music."

"Hey, wait a minute!" Mitchell shot back defensively. "I may be older than you, but I'm not some old stuffed shirt."

"Then why not come over here and join us?" Emily asked.

"You sure about that?" he asked. "No jokes about hearing aids and heart medication and walkers?"

"Not a word," she answered.

"We promise," Lizzie said. "Cross our hearts!" With that the little blonde drew an X across her chest, her finger flirting with the dinky triangle of yellow and orange fabric that made up the top of her suit.

What was it about her gesture, innocent in and of itself, that sent a twinge of arousal through Mitchell's body? Was it that he could see, even from the far side of the pool, every one of their lush curves, and from the way that their suits clung to their bodies so enticingly that he could distinguish the pert erection of their nipples and the cleft of their pussies through the thin material? Or was it just that with his recently threadbare love life he was just that easy to excite? I guess this does look pretty stupid, he thought. What's it going to hurt to join the girls?

Mitchell got up from the lounge and picked up his towel and walked over to where the girls were laying out. He scooted another lounge over close to Emily, but not too close. Before he settled down, he thought he'd play the part of a good host.

"Anybody want something to drink?" he asked.

"I'm fine," Lizzie said.

"Oh, you guys!" Emily said. "Mitch makes the best pina coladas! They are absolutely to die for!"

"Now you're talking!" Lizzie said with a cute little laugh.

Mitchell graciously excused himself and went inside to mix up a tall pitcher of drinks. While he was inside gathering together all the ingredients, he couldn't see the girls but could clearly hear them talking outside, their voices carrying through the open kitchen window.

"So what do you guys think?" Emily asked.

"I think he's kind of cute in a sweet polite older guy way," said Lizzie.

"I think he's kind of sexy too," Katie remarked. "I like 'em tall and fair like that. And with a sexy muscular chest. Yum!"

"And did you see the way he looked at you?" Lizzie added. Mitchell couldn't tell to whom she had directed her remark, but he could easily guess. He hadn't thought that he was looking at any one of them in any special way, much less singling out Emily.

"What do you mean?" asked Emily.

"Oh, come on, Emmie!" Lizzie replied. "You saw it too, didn't you Kat? He looks at you with those big dreamy eyes, like you're an ice cream cone and he wants to lick you all over."

"Get out! He's my boss-my employer! He wouldn't think-"

"He's a man, honey!" Katie responded. "You're a hot young chick. You've got to know what he's thinking."

"Not Mitchell. He's too ... too ... too, I don't know what."

"Too much like your dad?" Lizzie teased with a real edge to her voice. "I know you've always had a thing for older guys and you have to admit that he would be a great conquest, with all that built-up sexual tension from being single for so long. Mmm, I'd fuck him and love every minute of it."

"So would I," Katie chimed in. "In a New York minute."

"You guys!" Emily said. "That's gross!"

"Say what you will ..." Lizzie said.

"It's time to roll over, girls," Katie remarked, changing the topic, and the girls fell silent.

Mitchell had finished mixing the pina coladas and carried the pitcher and glasses out on a tray. He paused when stepping down from the deck. The girls had indeed rolled over and now the strings of their tops were untied and lay at their sides, exposing their entire bare backs. The back of Lizzie's suit bottom had practically disappeared in the crack of her ass, and Katie's was a thong to begin with. The sight of the three sexy young women was working on Mitchell's brain and body, making his semi-hard-on throb even more.

"Ahem. Who's thirsty?" he asked, clearing his throat as he carried the tray over toward them and set it on a little table between Lizzie and Emily. 

Mitchell arranged the glasses with straws and poured a round, and then passed them to the girls. As he handed the glass to Katie, she had to reach over Lizzie, and her suit top fell away from her body and Mitchell was treated to a fine glimpse of her large full breasts and dark taut nipples. Although this sent a definite twinge to his cock, the girls didn't seem to notice and sipped the chill blended mix of light rum, coconut milk and fresh pineapples.

"Mmm, this is goo-ood!" Katie remarked.

"You better get ready to mix another pitcher cause we're gonna drink this one down right away!" added Lizzie.

Mitchell chuckled, took his glass and returned to his lounge beside Emily. They all lay in silence for a few moments, sipping and sunning. Finally one of the girls made a comment about a mutual friend and the girls began to talk amongst themselves. Mitchell lie back on his lounge and let the sun's warmth flow through him while he listened to their chatter. Just like listening to my teen-aged daughter and her friends talk, he thought, the notion of which caught him short for a moment. Although every topic was somehow related, they could go from talking about a friend, to a favorite TV show, to a new CD, to a kicky new outfit at the mall, to what they were going to do that night, all in about a minute or two. Mitchell shook his head with amazement at how all three seemed to be talking at once and yet they all understood what was being said and were instantly responding.

"We're not boring you or anything are we?" Emily asked several minutes later, looking over at him. "We can always talk about retirement plans or something."

"I'm good," Mitchell remarked, taking another sip of his pina colada. "Don't worry about me."

"Okay," she replied with a touch of skepticism, and then joined back into the conversational fray with her friends.

It took about twenty minutes before Mitchell felt his body heat up and begin to sweat. He rolled over to get some sun on his back before he would be ready to jump into the pool for a swim. As he lay there, his head turned toward Emily; he watched as she rose up onto her elbows and said something to Katie. The generous firm curves of her breasts lifted up to the point where Mitchell could see the very edge of her pink nipples. That glimpse of firmly rounded, creamy smooth skin sent another twinge deep to his loins. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Maybe I have gone too long without a woman, he thought. Just an innocent flash of skin was making his mind churn and his libido throb. The heat of the sun and his emotions was getting too much.

Rising up suddenly from his lounge, Mitchell took a few quick steps to the pool and dove in. He savored the cooling sensation of the water. Even though it was pretty warm, it felt absolutely refreshing. He remained under water for nearly the entire length of the pool, coming to the surface only as he neared the far side. With a turn and a hard kick he swam briskly back. After another pair of brisk laps, Mitchell paused, folded his arms on the edge of the pool, and caught his breath. The fresh water and the exercise had taken the bite out of his arousal.

Then Katie had to roll over and sit up on her lounge. As she rearranged her top, Mitchell was treated to another view of her big beautiful tits in all their awesome glory. She knotted the string and shifted the skimpy hot pink triangles of cloth so that her large dark nipples were covered, about all that the suit was capable of concealing. Then she rose up and walked slowly toward the pool, coming to stand in front of Mitchell and looking down at him.

"How's the water?" she asked.

"Outstanding," he replied looking up at her. His eyes ran up her darkly tanned legs and over the skimpy patch of pink fabric that barely covered her pussy. In fact he could see the folds of her sex outlined perfectly. When he glanced further up, he could see the cups of her top straining to contain the full mounds of her breasts. Now even the relative cool water of the pool couldn't dampen his arousal and Mitchell was glad to be submerged so that she couldn't see the hard-on now raging again in his swim trunks.

Mitchell watched as she strolled over to the steps and began to descend the steps slowly. He sighed at the sight of her descending lusciously into the water. Then he looked back to see that Emily and Lizzie were also up and making ready for a swim. While they slowly made their way into the water, Mitchell took the opportunity to get in a few more laps, carefully dodging the girls as they jumped in and romped in the water, trying to splash and dunk each other. He caught his breath and relaxed against the side of the pool taking in the scene. Sort of like watching a pillow fight in a cheesy T&A movie, he thought. But I like it-I really like it! 

He liked it, but just a little too much. Refreshed from his swim, Mitchell dove back toward the steps and climbed out to grab his towel. As he stood drying off, he realized that the girls, Katie in particular, were checking him out. He didn't pay them any mind until he realized that his baggy trunks were sticking to his hips and thighs and the long thick semi-hard cock dangling between his legs was perfectly revealed. Without trying to make a big deal, he slowly turned away from them and walked toward the patio door and went inside. He was sure that he could hear them giggling over that one.

Mitchell decided to remain inside while the girls played in the pool. After locating the book he was currently reading, he was about to go sit on the front porch when Lizzie carried in the empty pitcher. She had obviously toweled off her hair and had wrapped her towel around her waist. It rode quite low on her hips.

"Can you mix up another one of these?" she asked in a sweet and sexy voice, holding the pitcher up.

"Sure," he answered. He thought Lizzie might rejoin her friends right away, but she lingered in the kitchen obviously waiting for him. The cooler air inside the house combined with her wet suit top to erect her nipples to sharp points beneath the orange-yellow fabric.

Mitchell bit his lower lips before taking the pitcher to the liquor cabinet and began assembling and pouring the ingredients. "Pay attention, now. Master Mixer at work!"

Lizzie giggled and watched closely. "Wow! You really know what you're doing," she said, sidling over beside him. Mitchell became very aware of her nearness with the warmth of her sexy little body radiating outward. "So you like having Emily around?"

"Oh, absolutely. She's been great with the kids. They just love her to pieces. She's taken such a big load off me. It was the best thing that I've done since ... since Angela passed."

"That was your wife?"

Mitchell nodded as he added the rum to the blender.

"She died, right?"

Mitchell nodded again.

"That's sad. Must have been hard to find someone to take her place."

"For almost a year I tried to do everything myself, but I just couldn't keep up," he admitted, adding the fresh pineapple chunks to the mix.

"So Emily just sort of stepped into her place?"

"What do you mean?"

"Nothing. Just that I've seen the way you look at her. Sure, you've been checking Katie and me out, and we are like really cool with that and all, but I've seen the way you look at Emily. She's a hot young chick and you're a single guy. Something's bound to happen."

"I really doubt that," Mitchell chuckled. He pressed the button to start the blender and turned to face Lizzie fully. "Emily is sweet and sexy and way too young for me. Besides she already has a boyfriend."

"You mean Brian? I guess so. They've been going out since like forever. But he's been going away to college and hardly ever around. I think Emily gets a little bored waiting around for him."

"What are you getting at?"

"Emily is like my best friend-my best, best friend. Just be careful if you decide to play around with her. I don't want her to get hurt cause then I would have to come after you, and that would not be a pretty sight."

"Then consider me forewarned," Mitchell said with a grin. 

He was impressed with the protective stance Lizzie took with him. The pina colada mix was finished blending and Mitchell poured it into the pitcher. When Lizzie went to pick up the tray and carry it back outside, Mitchell rested his hand on hers to hold her back for a moment. 

"Look, Lizzie," he said earnestly. "I really like Emily. She is a great girl. It's been a terrific pleasure having her around helping with my kids. But that's all there is to it. I'll admit that she is a pretty sexy girl too and there are times when I look at her and get ideas-I am a guy after all. But there are so many reasons for me not to get involved with her that I don't even give it a second thought."

"Uh-huh. Sure," Lizzie said with a sly little grin. "Tell me that one in a year and maybe I'll believe ya."

Mitchell lifted his hand and Lizzie padded over to the patio door, her tight little buns wiggling deliciously underneath her towel. Had he really been looking at Emily with more on his mind than being a benevolent employer? And if her friends had picked up on it, then she might too and he would have to exercise a little more self-control around her and her friends. 

He decided to go upstairs to rinse off under the shower and heard the sound of the girls giggling about something. When he glanced out the window to see what was going on, he was presented with an instantly arousing view of Katie stripping off the top of her suit and reclining on the lounge on her back, her glorious large breasts fully revealed in the late afternoon sun. Was it a mix of the heat and the strong drink that was loosening their inhibitions? Lizzie joined her in pulling off her top and reclined on her lounge with her pert little breasts pointing upward delightfully. Emily was standing beside her lounge fiddling with her suit. It sounded like she wasn't sure about going topless.

"But what if one of the kids sees me?" she asked.

"Oh, come on, Emmie!" Lizzie laughed. "Don't be going prude on us all of a sudden! Remember that spring trip to Cancun?"

"That was different," Emily replied. "That was a vacation and I just so happen to work here."

"Chicken!" Katie called out, moving slightly to settle back onto the padding of her lounge, a move that sent a wonderful jiggle to her breasts.

"Ohhh," Emily grumbled, and then pulled at the string behind her back and pulled her skimpy little top off and joined her friends.

The sight of the three beautiful young women sun tanning topless was almost too much for Mitchell, yet he couldn't take his eyes away. They were all so different yet all so gorgeous lying there wearing just their dinky little bikini bottoms that hardly hid anything from view. Lizzie was short and skinny with small but pert tits and a golden honey-hued tan. Katie was taller and curvy with big beautiful boobs and a dark all-over tan. But it was Emily that his admiring gaze lingered over. She was tall and slender in an athletic way with a perfectly rounded pair of breasts and a rosy tan. There was a beauty to her proportions, from her long shapely legs to the flair of her hips, her trim waist to her full luscious breasts that made Mitchell hum with appreciation.
