 Alex recovered the items that he needed and set them out in the appropriate places in the bedroom. He then walked back into the wardrobe and pulled out the clothes that he wanted his wife to wear, he laid them on the chair she had been using. His eyes where naturally drawn to the thick, black, rubber phallus that was still slick with his wife's juices; he elected to leave it attached to the mirror door and went back into the bedroom to complete his set up. It was not too long before he heard his wife say, "I'm ready, can I come in?"

"Just wait," he replied, picking up a blindfold that he had purchased a while back but never used, "I'll come to you." He walked to the wardrobe door and saw his wife sitting patiently on the chair. 

"Ummm," she said, "You've picked out some very sexy gear here Mr." Alex walked behind her and quickly put on the blindfold. "Hey, you're taking away the great view!"

He laughed, saying "Huh, of me or your soaking wet friend here?"

"Err, well err," Casi started to respond, blushing wildly.

"No matter," he said, "patience, my time will come." Then slipping his arm under hers he pulled Casi to her feet and guided her into the bedroom.

"OK, sit here," he said, not unpleasantly, but firmly, guiding her to the seat. "I must say that your do look fantastic in that attire, I must get you to wear it more often." He appraised the shower-fresh woman sitting in front of him. At his request, she wore a light summer blouse, buttoned down the front, about her waist and fitting rather tightly, an above the knee, more perhaps mid-thigh, length skirt. Her long legs were encased in dark nylons and terminated in black five-inch heels. Her hair looked more red than burnished gold in the summer light that was streaming through the large bedroom window. 

"Thank you." She replied somewhat meekly.

"Now then," Alex commanded, "Place your left arm behind the chair back." He grasped her firmly by her hand and with the soft silken rope that he had taken from the drawer top at the same time as the blind-fold; he tied it tightly about her wrist. "Now give me your right hand and no arguments!" Casi turned her head towards him as if she was going to say something. But at his words, returned her head to face forwards. "Good," Alex said as he tied her right hand to her left, securely binding them both and denying any free movement, though for extra measure, he then tied her bound hands to the back of the chair. He then walked back around to face her and knelt at her feet. Grasping her left ankle, he tied it to the chair leg, then taking her right, did likewise. "There, I have you just where I want you, don't I?"

"What are you going to do to me?" Casi asked with a small tremble in her voice. "Please don't hurt me." Alex stood and admired the poise of the woman before him as she sat with straight back, her well-formed breasts thrusting out before her, her chest heaving in trepidation, as immediately she got into the spirit of the game that her husband obviously wanted to play. 

"My dear Casi that is the least of my intentions, but quite frankly, none of your concern. If I want to hurt you, then that is exactly what I shall do!"

"What are you going to do to me then?" Casi repeated the question looking up to where she thought his face was. 

"All in good time, all in good time." He said.

Alex had set up his video camera, it had been running from the time that they both entered the room. Now to make sure that he got the best shots possible, he placed the tripod strategically in front of the woman at just above knee height. He could see that Casi was clamping her thighs together, but was sure that the camera at some point would get a great shot of Casi's hidden delights. He found that the somewhat aptly titled "up-skirt" shot, was something that would on occasion, get his motor running. Provided they were of the right subject, wearing the right apparel and taken without the knowledge of the 'target', otherwise it was just so false. It was a childish notion really and promptly took him back to when he was at school and he would often try to look up one or two of the female teacher's skirts, as they sat there at the head of the class. But then what young schoolboy hasn't tried that? Up-skirt shots of his wife's delights, again without her knowledge or consent on the other hand, were a guaranteed turn on.

Happy with the spread of the camera's view, he again moved around to the back of the bound woman. Placing his hands upon her shoulders, he leaned in and smelled her hair and perfume, brushing his lips lightly upon her right ear. He took her earlobe and earring into his mouth and allowed his tongue to play with it. Looking down across her breasts, he could quite clearly see her nipples begin to react to his ministrations, and within seconds, two acorn sized erections topped the 37 C mounds, rasping against Casi's bra as she breathed, causing her nipples to harden even more. She murmured, "Stop... this is wrong, stop...please stop, I do not want this!"

Casi struggled against her bonds, but could not move at all. It was not Alex's intention, having got Casi in a place he had wanted to for many months, to stop now. He said nothing, but instead ran his hands down across her chest and onto the two offending erectile buds of her breasts; rubbing his palms across the peaks in large pressured circles. Casi whimpered, "No please stop, I don't want you to do this."

Alex smiled as Casi really got into the game and looked again at her twin peaks and said, "I think your body would beg to differ... well these beautiful things anyway?"

"NO! I think you should stop now!"

"Sorry... no can do"

With that Alex slipped his invasive hands from her breasts to her blouse buttons and slowly, for the camera, started to undo them, revealing a red underlined bustier, with black lace filigree in the shape of black roses across the expanse of the breast cups. A red panel of lace ran from between the breasts downwards to who knew where? But he was going to make it his task to show the camera. Beneath this item of apparel, Casi's chest heaved in her torment? "You won't get away with this!" She again protested but as his hands delicately undid the last few buttons on her blouse, it was obvious that Alex wasn't listening.

With all of the buttons undone, Alex gently peeled back each side to reveal Casi's torso in all of its glory. Her heaving bosom topped with those erected nipples rose and fell erratically as he looked down upon it. "Ummmm, what lovely breasts you have my dear," he said in a sickly, syrupy voice, paraphrasing Red Riding hood's wolf. Leaning forward he placed his lips upon her exposed shoulder, kissing the hot flesh beneath. "They look good enough to eat." He bit into the side of her neck, raising goose-bumps over the top half of her body. As he did so he witnessed Casi clamping her thighs tightly together, and then releasing them, before clamping them together again as he bit down a little harder. Pulling away, he smiled to himself, secure in the knowledge that what he was doing was having the desired effect.

He returned to her shoulder with gossamer kisses and dragged the red and black edged bustier strap over and down her arm, pulling the cup on her left side forward exposing more of her succulent breast. Alex blew into Casi's ear and thought he heard a slight moan escape her lips, but almost at once she clamped them shut, as if denying to herself that she could have uttered such a noise when in a predicament like this.

He stood placing his hand on her other shoulder and repeated the move with her right bustier strap. With them both pulled down to the crook of her arm, the cups finally released their burden and Casi's breasts tumbled out. "Ohhh," she said. In the solace of the blind fold. Not seeing what was being done to her, but feeling every move, was possibly more intense than she was prepared for. "No, no! What have you done? Please stop, don't do this, my husband... I, I... want to get dressed."

Alex smiled again at how his wife had adopted the part of the bound and humiliated woman. And as for him, he was now committed to her sexual abuse. He had been planning this for some time and waiting for the right time to unveil the planned attack upon Casi. He also smiled because with the exposure of her breasts, Casi had opened her thighs and he knew that the camera would be capturing that most coveted of voyeuristic shots, up her skirt. As she struggled against her bonds, her legs widened further making the swelling of his cock almost unbearable as it waggled with every movement occasionally even touching the tied woman. He greatly anticipated watching the video of him molesting his wife. 

Casi had felt her husband's solid erection touching her on the arm or the back as he did various things to her, and smiled at the pleasure they were both receiving. She said suddenly as if just realising he was naked, "Please not that, please I beg of you. I don't want you...your..thing, your cock, I don't want it anywhere near me." Alex giggled, obviously Casi was hamming it up a little, but actually it was adding to his enjoyment of the situation, something he found both intriguing and a little surprising. He had never really thought about tying up his wife before, or being tied himself, but it was now obvious to him, this was something he should investigate further.

He moved the camera to the side of Casi making sure it captured all of her. Her breasts in silhouette stood proud and pert. Belying her words, they were still topped with what must be painful erections. He placed a leg either side of the chair and lent in to finally touch her exposed nipples, taking one each between forefinger and thumb he pinched the hard flesh. Casi whimpered but said nothing; she bit on her bottom lip in her anguish/lust. He caressed her toppings for a little while before standing up straight and guiding his pulsing member towards her unsuspecting lips. 

Inch by inch he lent forwards, savouring what that first contact would do to this woman. Would she protest further, would she open and take him, would she orgasm, would she bite him? With less than an inch to go, Casi opened her mouth to say something, but only got the "What are...," out before he pushed the bulbous red shining plumb of his swollen cock into her mouth. Immediately aware of what she was feeling on her lips, Casi clamped her mouth closed but Alex already had his large cock head in her mouth. "MMMmmmooow," Casi mumbled as best she could with a mouthful of cock, but before she could do anything Alex pulled it out, leaving a trail of pre-come on her lips. As he pulled further back, it dribbled onto her chin. He smiled again as her tongue instinctively flicked across her lips and scooped up the droplets of his semen.

He was very aware that this was turning him on very much, he decided to make sure that Casi was in a similar state too, whether she wanted to be or not. With that he knelt at her feet and ran his hands across her silk covered ankles, gently and very slowly running his hands up her calves to her knees, where he turned his hands inwards and ran them up the inside of her thighs. Casi sighed, but then protested again, and drew her thighs together in what appeared to Alex to be a half-hearted attempt to prevent him running his hands further up and intruding any more than he had already done. But his strong hands made light-work of her attempts. He found what he was seeking amongst the tight confines of the area between her legs; her stocking tops and above, the hot flesh of her naked thighs. "Ooooohh," Casi moaned in what was more in keeping with her current sexual state than her verbal protestations made out.

Being this close to her most sacred of places was driving him to new heights of sexual tension. He could smell her musk, her pheromonal lure. It had had him trapped for two years now, and there was no denying it. He wanted to taste her juices and see the effects his tongue would have on her body; but in this position, he could not. So, moving the camera he undid the ropes at her ankles, and then moved behind her releasing her right hand. "Are you letting me go?" There seemed to be an element of disappointment in her voice, or was it relief? Alex walked to the bed and wrapping the rope around the head board, pulled on the rope forcing Casi to take a few steps forwards until her knees hit the bottom of the bed. 

"I'm afraid not my little plaything. Not until I'm done that is!"

"NO!" she cried with renewed vigour.

With a sharp tug Casi fell over the bottom of the bed and landed face down on the soft quilt. Quickly Alex fully removed her blouse before securing her hands again so that they were both outstretched above her head. Her exquisite posterior was across the bottom valance of the bed and raised rather vulnerably. Before Casi could recover Alex produced his spreader bar from beneath the bed, securing first one ankle then the other to it. Casi was immobile once again, only this time she was fully aware of how much more vulnerable she was.

Alex carefully re-positioned the camera, off to one side but focused on that lovely pear-shaped bum before him. He looked down at himself as his eight-inch cock bobbed in its approval of the woman prone before it. Alex stood between the widely spread legs and leaned forwards, running his hands across the firm buttocks before him. His hands continued up her body until they reached the top of the bustier where he started to unclip the hook and eye fastenings down her back. He took his time savouring the moment of undress. There was a further sigh from Casi into the pillow, but he took little notice. With a final "snick" the last fastening was released and her bustier fell away from her. Alex had strategically placed some pillows under her hips at the bottom of the bed to both support her in this position, but also to raise her up so that her breasts would dangle beneath her, the nipples just touching the quilt each time she breathed. 

He stepped out from between her long, black silk covered legs to check that she was fully exposed as he intended and his cock bounced in positive response. He also noted that another couple of dew drops of his come had fallen onto her lovely bum soaking into her taut skirt.

He slipped his hand beneath her and again fondled her dangling breasts. The nipples were still hard manifestations of themselves as he grasped a breast and rubbed the nipple around on the cool silk sheet. This time the moan that escaped from Casi was not ambiguous, nor was any attempt made to conceal it. Alex ran his lips and tongue down across her back, terminating just above the waistband of her skirt. He popped the button and slowly drew down the zip. He could wait no-longer and walked back around to stand between her legs as he grasped the hem of the skirt and pulled it up towards her waist.

Revealed to him now was the intricate lace stocking tops of her black stockings, a suspender belt that was matching in style with the bustier with deep red panels and in-filled lace. The suspender straps were red with black trim. Two of which ran tight across the cheeks of Casi's bum. Alex's eyes roamed over the erotic sight before him. He knew that he could do whatever he wanted with this woman and there was not a thing she could do to prevent it. He knelt down between her forced open thighs and breathed in the heady perfume of her pussy. The lips were red and swollen, evidence of the previous assault on them, but he hoped also in appreciation of the current assault, they looked succulently wet and were completely devoid of any hair. He flicked out his tongue and found the erect bud of her clitoris instantly as it had clearly forced its way out between the pussy lips that usually kept it hidden. It wanted to be played with, licked or sucked, or quite-frankly anything that he had in mind as long as it received some attention!

As his tongue rolled over the little erection Casi's legs started to quiver. Her face was buried in the pillow to hide, no-doubt, her cries of passion, but it made no difference. Her body was giving Alex all of the signs that he needed. He slipped his probing tongue further along the vaginal cleft towards her hot lubricated hole. The shaking was uncontrolled in Casi's thighs as her orgasm approached. A wicked smile crossed Alex's lips as he pulled his tongue away to prolong the woman's torment longer. 

He stood and approached the toys he had ready, checking once again that the camera was capturing all, he first picked up the little finger vibrator and pressed the button on the base, selecting the quiet pulse vibration. He sat on the end of the bed and ran his hands over Casi's soft creamy buttocks and on down the long length of one of her legs, thrilling at the feel of the silky material beneath his fingertips; funny how this material would have no effect on him unless it held within, the firm thighs of a young woman, his woman.

Casi's moaning had increased dramatically; her false protests had completely stopped as she had given herself over to the torment that this man was inflicting on her. He ran his hand back up the leg and then leaning across her bum, ran the little pulsing vibrator into her cleft, making sure that the tip was millimetres from her clit but not touching it. He turned it within her lips coating it with her now copious juices. "Ohh, Oh no, oh please," Casi begged. 

Alex removed the vibrator and pointed it at her anal sphincter which was pouting as Casi's insides were contracting in her attempts to hold the orgasm off, or bring it on, Alex wasn't sure. The pointed end of the finger vibe hit its intended target and immediately Casi protested. "NO, NO, don't do that! STOP, please stop, I have never..." she had no time to finish the sentence as Alex pushed the well lubricated toy easily passed her sphincter muscle and into her anus until only a few millimetres remained. "YOU BASTARD!" Casi spat at him, "Ooohhh you Bastard," she said again, but with less conviction as Alex had leaned across to the dressing table and produced the eight-inch black vibrator, switching that on too, he brought the large head of it into contact with the slippery outer lips of Casi's pussy.

"Wha...what's that, don't you dare!" she cried at him, but knew that whatever she said, it was all in vain as inch by slow inch Alex had already started to slip the head of the vibrator easily between her well lubricated cunt lips and into her waiting vagina. It was all she needed to bring her off. "Ooooooh GOD, oh you bastard, push it in, push it in, I want all of it in my cunt. Fuck me with it, FUCK me please!"