 This story is the sequel to: http://www.literotica.com/s/crazy-adventures-of-shannon-hannigan

*

I kicked the post in frustration, and hopped a bit to shake off the pain. My parents had decided 6 months ago that they couldn't handle me, and sent me to live out here in the middle of nowhere with my aunt and uncle. It's not like I try to be a troublemaker... it's just that trouble seems to follow me wherever I go!

I entered the supercenter -- AKA huge store that sells cheap crap -- and immediately noticed a girl walking in front of me with wildly curly red hair. Her hair traveled halfway down her back, and left her shapely butt visible. She was wearing tight blue jeans, and they made me wonder what she looked like without them. This took my mind off my problems for a moment, and I had to consciously ignore the sudden itch in my balls.

My cell rang, and I made a mental note to change the stupid ringer. It sounded like someone was ringing one of those little bells; like I was some servant at its beck and call. It was annoying as hell, but I kept forgetting to change it. The redhead turned to look at me, and I bet she found it annoying too.

"You won't believe what happened now," I said after pushing the button to accept the call. "My aunt and uncle kicked me out too! I have no idea what I'm going to do!" I informed my best friend. He wasn't really able to do anything to help me, but he listened and commiserated.

The girl took my hand and dragged me after her. I followed since I didn't have anything better to do, and because I was curious. As we walked, my friend -- Chris -- did his best to comfort me.

"I'm sorry dude. I wish I could help. In a couple of months, I'll be 18, and then we can get a place together, but until then... My parents still won't let me invite you to stay here." It was our often talked about goal for the future.

"I know and I can't wait!" I replied. By this time, the girl had dragged me to the changing rooms. She looked around for the attendant, and spotted her stocking a nearby shelf. She wasn't paying any attention to us, so the girl dragged me into one of the fitting stalls.

"What are you going to do? Maybe your parents will take you back for a while," Chris suggested.

"I don't know... it's possible, but I don't count on it," I muttered as I watched the redhead unfasten my pants. I knew I should probably stop her, but I didn't want to interrupt Chris' helpful suggestions. Plus, I'll admit it, I was curious.

"What did you do that your aunt and uncle kicked you out?" Chris wondered.

"Um..." I was having a hard time concentrating now that the girl had me in her mouth and was sucking on me like a vacuum. "I um I... I'm gonna have to call you back, something weird is happening!" I announced and then hung up my phone.

I knew that Chris would figure that I might be talking to my aunt or uncle, and so wouldn't call right back to interrupt me. He was cool like that. Meanwhile, I stared at the girl in fascination. Why was she doing this?

I moaned softly. She was very good at this and it had been so long since I'd had a girlfriend or sex of any kind. Did she hope to take my mind off my problems for a few minutes? Was this out of pity?

I wasn't entirely sure I liked getting a blowjob out of pity from a stranger, but it felt so good! I don't think I had the ability to stop her even if I wanted to. I ran my hand through her curly hair; it was incredibly soft.

I groaned a bit louder than I should have, and there was a soft knock at the door. "Are you okay in there?" The attendant asked.

"I'm... great," I managed to say believably.

"Okay, just holler if you need anything," she instructed.

"Uh-huh," I agreed. I felt the need to moan again, and quickly stashed my phone in my pocket so I could cover my mouth with my hand. It never occurred to me to stop running my other hand through her hair.

My knees went a bit weak, and I leaned against the wall for support. I kept my mouth firmly covered, but still made soft noises of pleasure. My hand in her hair encouraged her to keep up the good work.

I started panting, and knew I was going to shoot my load soon. Should I warn her? My first girlfriend had drummed it into me that a guy never came in a girl's mouth without permission, otherwise she wouldn't put him in her mouth again.

I tapped her head, and whispered, "I'm gonna cum!"

She hummed a laugh, and that set me off. I grunted loudly again, and thoroughly enjoyed the feeling of her sucking on me as I filled her mouth. I'd swear I came for like 10 minutes straight, but that was impossible.

Damn! It felt incredible!

As I panted in the aftermath of a good orgasm, I watched her smile, stand and turn to open the door. I didn't know what to say to her; I was too confused. Wasn't she going to say anything to me?

"Are you all right in there sir?" The attendant asked again.

The redhead opened the door and stepped out. "Yes, he's just fine."

The attendant gasped. "This is the men's side!"

"I know," the girl smirked, and walked away. I hurried to put myself back in my pants before the attendant remembered to check on me.

"Wait!" I called as I rushed after her. "Why did you do that?"

She shrugged as she kept walking, and I followed her. I tried to figure out what to say or do. She power walked to the pet department, picked up some cat food, and soon thereafter stood in the checkout lane.

I still followed her, but she pretty much ignored me. I had nothing I needed to buy, and the only reason I had come to the store was because it was open 24 hours, and I hoped to be able to waste time here overnight as I tried to think of something to do. This made me realize that I had completely forgotten about my problems for the time being!

I followed her into the parking lot, and started to feel like a stalker. She obviously didn't care about me either way, but I was baffled by her. I didn't want to just let her walk out of my life so soon.

She suddenly stopped, and turned to face me. "Look, I had fun, but it's time for you to move on."

"I..." I hesitated. My problems were not hers. I shouldn't burden her with them.

She sighed as if she had just lost a fight. "You don't have anywhere to go, do you?"

This made me remember that she had been next to me as I informed my friend about getting kicked out. "No," I admitted.

"How old are you?" She asked me.

"18," I answered. This was the reason both my parents and my aunt and uncle felt no qualms about kicking me out. I was an adult now.

"Fine. Get in," she ordered, pointing to the passenger-side door of an old car.

I wondered if it even still ran, and pictured myself fixing it up. I got in as she settled herself behind the wheel. She turned the key in the ignition, and the car roared to life. It sounded like it wanted to die for about a minute, and then purred loudly. I was amazed that it actually sounded like it ran well, aside from a possible clog in the fuel line that made it hard to start up.

I stared out the window quietly as she drove out of town. My aunt and uncle lived on the edge of the town and so I hadn't ever really seen anything beyond that point. Honestly I wasn't interested in exploring even more of this middle of nowhere place... until now. If she lived out here, there must be at least one place worth seeing.

We were on a small road with almost no other traffic, and there were trees lining the road so thickly that I had no idea if there were houses nearby. There had to be, right? Our planet is too crowded to have this much empty space... right?

My phone rang, and I checked it. It was Chris again. "Hey man," I answered.

"Everything all right now?" He asked.

"I'm not sure," I replied honestly. I frowned as I realized that the girl was pulling over. She parked on the side of the road, and turned off the car.

"What was the weird thing that happened?" Chris asked.

"This girl, um," I wondered how to explain that a pretty redheaded girl had dragged me into a fitting room and sucked me off when she leaned over an unzipped me once more. "She, um..." Started blowing me again and I had no idea how to respond!

For one, she had acted like she wasn't interested in doing it again, and for two it had only been like a half an hour since the last time. I wasn't sure I'd be able to get sucked off again so soon! I really tried to figure out something to say.

"She what?" Chris wanted to know.

"She, um, I... I'm gonna have to call you back!" I blurted out when it became obvious that I was capable of enjoying another blowjob this soon after the last one.

This time I didn't have to be quiet, and I moaned and groaned happily. I was in heaven! "Oh yeah!" I encouraged her.

At least 15 or 20 minutes passed, and I couldn't believe that she was still sucking on me as strongly as she started. Didn't most girls get a sore jaw by now? I felt a bit bad that I couldn't seem to go off, but mostly I was curious to see how long this could last.

I heard the siren of a cop car chirp once as a car parked behind us, and nearly had a heart attack! I told you trouble always follows me! The flashing lights made my heart pound, and I was shocked to discover that I was filling her mouth. What the? Why now?

I finished pumping just in time for the cop to arrive at her window, and the moment she turned to talk to him, I fumbled to put myself back in my pants. I accidently got caught in the zipper, and stifled a small scream of pain. I fixed that as the cop asked, "What's going on here?"

He stopped looking at what I was doing, and took a good look at the girl. "Oh." He gave a deep sigh. "Ms. Hannigan, please try to wait until you get home to do that."

"If I could wait, Officer Carlson, I totally would," she replied.

"Yeah yeah, I know. I'm going to let you off this time because there's no evidence of any public around at the moment to be disturbed... That's assuming that this boy is willing; what am I saying, of course he's willing," the cop muttered as he walked back to his car.

"Thanks Steve!" She called after him.

"No problem, Shannon." The cop shrugged and waved goodbye.

Shannon huh? I hadn't even thought to ask her name, but now that I knew it, I thought she looked at least three times prettier than she had before. I'm sure I was giving her a strange look.

I couldn't believe her luck! I don't think a cop had ever let me off with a warning. Not that I stole cars or anything. Mostly I was just too damn mouthy for my own good. I had gotten myself hauled into jail plenty of times over the past three years for getting into fights and then mouthing off to the officer that arrived in response.

She laughed at my look. "Let's just say that I have a unique condition, and Officer Carlson knows it."

"Okay... Shannon... Hi, I'm Matt."

"Hi Matt," Shannon smiled at me. "Could you do me a favor? Would you please call your friend back now? I have at least another 20 minutes of driving before I reach my house, and I would prefer it if you chat or something rather than sit there in silence."

"Sure," I answered awkwardly. I still had no idea what to say to Chris, especially with her sitting right next to me, but I was relieved to have something to do other than try to make awkward conversation with her. I pulled out my phone and hit the speed dial for Chris.

"Are you able to talk now?" Chris demanded.

"Yeah, um, guess what?"

"What?" Chris wondered.

"I was just not arrested by a cop," I announced.

"That's a first! What happened?"

"I sorta met this girl earlier..." I hesitated to talk about her. After all, she was sitting right there.

"The weird one?" Chris prompted.

"Yeah, and she offered to let me stay with her," I decided not to go into too many details until I could talk to him privately. He'd get the nitty gritty when she wasn't listening in.

Even so, she mumbled softly enough that my friend couldn't hear, "You forgot to mention that I blew your brains out first."

I ignored that.

"Then what happened?" Chris was obviously curious as to how I had survived an encounter with a cop.

"Then, on the way to her house -- which you can probably hear her car in the background -- a cop... got behind us and turned his lights on. I thought for sure that I was going to spend a few hours in jail -- again -- but he gave us a warning, and let us go." I explained.

"Well... was she speeding or something? Were you doing anything wrong?" Chris asked.

"No," I replied honestly. I guess we really hadn't been doing anything wrong, we just happened to be in public while we did it.

"Then why did the cop pull you over?"

"Uh..."

Shannon laughed softly. "It's ok, you can tell him."

I blushed. "Chris, dude, I promise I'll give you all the details later, but for now... please just drop it."

Shannon laughed harder. "What are you; some virgin too shy to talk about it?"

Chris heard that. "No! Seriously? You were... wait, you got pulled over for having sex, and the cop just let you go?!"

"Not exactly. I promise I'll tell you later, okay?" I insisted.

Chris laughed. "Yeah, okay. So, you've got a place to stay, and it's with a weird and kinky girl. Lucky!"

"I guess you could say that," I agreed. It certainly was the first bit of luck I'd had in a long time. This time, Chris told me he had to go and would call me later.

"We're here!" Shannon announced as she stopped by a mailbox to check her mail. Finding a small stack, she shut the box, and turned onto her driveway. She absently tossed her mail on the seat between us.

The driveway had to be at least a mile long! I looked at the scenery in fascination as the trees soon gave way to open meadows, a pond, and a few fenced in pastures. I even saw two cows and a good dozen chickens grazing.

"Who has cows?" I wondered aloud. I'd never heard of anyone but a farmer owning a cow.

She laughed. "I do."

"Oh..." I hoped she didn't think I was rude.

"Yep, two cows and 12 chickens are more than plenty for little ol' me. I may have a pretty monotonous diet, but at least I always have something to eat," she informed me.

I honestly couldn't picture how a couple of pets could give her plenty to eat. I knew cows could be milked, and chickens laid eggs, but that was nowhere near plenty to eat! The girl had to buy other food -- such as cereal -- to go with the milk, right?

We got out of the car, and I stared at her house. It was huge! Not huge like a mansion, but huge in the fact that it looked like it could comfortably shelter at least half a dozen people.

Oh god! I hope her parents like me, and I sincerely hope they don't find out that their daughter had already had my dick in her mouth twice in the past hour since we met. I was certain this news would prompt them to throw me out before she even had a chance to ask them permission for me to stay.

I must have looked like I expected a firing squad to shoot me at any moment. Shannon laughed, and ruffled my hair. I stopped gaping at her house, and gave her a nervous look.

"Don't worry... I live alone."

"You do?" I couldn't understand why anyone would want to live alone in such a big house out in the middle of nowhere.

"Yeah... um... it wasn't entirely by choice," Shannon gave me one of those smiles that made it clear she didn't really want to talk about it.

Okay that I could understand. "Oh."

She showed me around her house, and gave me a room to use. I was confused because she sounded like we were simply going to be roommates, but previously, she had given me the impression that we were going to be a bit more than that. I nodded, and sat on my new bed to think for a bit.

She wandered off to do whatever it was that she had to do, and I was glad for some time alone. I needed to think, and as hard as it was to get her out of my thoughts, I needed to think about my other problems. Unless she planned to let me live here forever, I was going to have to figure out something to do.

I saw Shannon outside, and decided to open my window. This gave me an excuse to look at her for a minute without staring like a pervert. Her hair looked glorious in the fading sunlight.

This reminded me that it would be time to eat soon, and I hadn't eaten since breakfast. I felt horrible! Not only was she giving me a place to stay, but presumably she was going to feed me too. I really am pathetic.

I flopped onto my back, and tried harder to come up with a plan. Maybe I could get a job of some sort and pay rent. That way... well, at least I'd be doing something, and maybe I wouldn't be such a screw up any more.

My phone rang and I checked the caller ID. I groaned reluctantly. It was my mom. I answered, but didn't have a chance to say anything.

"I can't believe you Matt! Why can't you ever behave?"

Yep, she'd heard the news. I wondered exactly what my aunt had told her. Again, I didn't get a chance to speak.

"Why must you always fight? Your cousin went out of his way to be nice to you, and you call him names and condescend him!" My mom accused. I noticed Shannon slowly walking back into the house.

"Ha! When did he try to be nice to me? And you know what? So what if we argued a lot? That's what families do! Why then am I only one who has to play nice and gets in trouble when I don't?" I demanded.

My mom scoffed. "You act like you've done nothing wrong! Just stop fighting with everyone!"

"I will when they stop pissing me off!" I shouted. I heard Shannon setting stuff on the kitchen counter.

"It's that attitude that always gets you in trouble! You need to learn from your mistakes, calm down, and stop blaming others! Learn to keep your damn mouth shut for once!"

"Whatever mom, fuck you!" I yelled. God, she's such a bitch! Shannon entered the room, probably to tell me to stop being so loud.

"If you're going to be that way, fine!" My mom practically screamed the last word, and then hung up. God! I really am such a screw up! Not even my mom wants to talk to me! I groaned and placed an arm over my face.

Meanwhile, Shannon had unfastened my pants again, and was trying to work me up. Now really wasn't a good time, but I appreciated that she was trying to cheer me up. "Not now, please."

Shannon sighed, but didn't stop. Incredibly, she soon had me hard, and was working me down her throat as deeply as possible. I moved my arm to watch her. How in the hell could she work me up at a time like this?!

Considering that this was the third time that she had done this to me in a little over an hour and that I was pissed off, I was amazed that I was able to shoot my load so quickly. It really couldn't have taken more than five minutes! What in the world was up with her?!

"Okay, well, I'm going to go make dinner. Let me know if you need anything."

I stared after Shannon as she left the room. Three times! Three times she has sucked me off now, and she always acted like nothing happened afterwards! I was so confused by her; did she want a relationship or not?

I called my best friend, and explained the entire situation to him. I could tell that he was insanely jealous once I finished describing my day. Okay, maybe I bragged about the good parts just a bit, but that was no reason to sound almost mad at me!

"Hang on dude, I got another call," I informed him, grateful that for once I didn't have to listen to that annoying ring tone. I really have to change that!

"Matt!" My cousin -- the snotty asshole that I'd argued with earlier that led to my getting kicked out -- uttered my name urgently. "I just overheard a conversation between Officer Carlson and my mom. She was worried that you might have hooked up with the wrong kind of people, and he tried to reassure her that he had seen you with Shannon Hannigan. She is bad news man! She --"
