 There really was nobody out at eleven o'clock in this town. Everything was closed. The thought of being a woman, alone in a car in a strange town did not even occur to her; she just took the right at the exit to the airport, and followed the lights on the water tower at the end of this long road. He had said "Next to the water tower." That shouldn't be too difficult she thought, a giant flashing red water tower in the dead of the night.

She pulled into the lot of the three-story brick building.

However, she did not see him, or the truck. Was this the right place? She thought. After just a moment of waiting, she saw the bluish Blazer drive by, and pull into the lot, having seen a few people wandering out of the building; she decided to wait a few minutes before following him, to the back of the lot. No need to make others suspicious or nervous while they're leaving work. 

After driving aimlessly, and very slowly down this same road, killing time, waiting for these anonymous people to get the fuck out of the parking lot, she returned. She took the left into the lot, turned her parking lights on, and drove 5 mph to the very back of the parking area, behind trees and in a spot almost completely devoid of light. His truck was there, she pulled into a space, five or six away from his, and already she felt sick to her stomach. Not a guilty or worried sick: It was him, the effect he had on her, the effect he had always had on her. It was a good sick.

He stood, back against the driver's side door, leaning, smoking a cigarette. Dark jeans, black VANS, orange hat; same rectangular, wire-rimmed glasses. He looked very unassuming, to the untrained eye. This man was silent violence, hostility, impatience, and within all that was a man, she could never say no to, stay away from, or leave.  She thought he looked the same, and completely different, if that could be possible. So much the person that had been gone for so long, and still completely unrecognizable to her in many ways.

She got out, stomach tied in knots, hands shaking, legs weak. She walked over to him, laid her backpack on the ground; he stood there, silently, against the truck.

She turned and walked right up to him, face to face, an inch or so apart; He stared at her, he was only four or five inches taller than she. Broad shoulders, shaved head, perfectly straight white teeth. Yet, when she looked up at him, under his glasses, were these, hazel, golden, strange, no name for the color, eyes of his. She always looked at a person's eyes, to see if they were sincere, or deceitful, kind or evil, but his, only lead her to more questions, she never could see through to him, not all the way.

She looked up at him, her round wide blue eyes scanning his for any sign of what he was thinking; she was starting to say something, to ask him a question, when his hand was at her side and he pulled in close to him, it was not far. It was only one one-hundredth of a second, which they stood so close and did not move, or speak. In that second, she lost all of her sensibility, reason, rationalism; she leaned in, pressed her full lips, against his, carefully, softly. She felt his tongue, tasted him, the little bit of strength that had remained in her legs, in her willpower, was slowly draining. She felt his breath as they kissed; she inhaled him, tasting his tongue, tasting his lips. She could feel his chest rise and fall, as she was pressing him further into the side of the truck.

They could have chatted for a while; it had been several months since their last rendezvous; but he just walked around to the passenger side, opening her door for her courteously, and then closing it after a good look at her ass as she was climbing in. He walked around, to the driver's side door, scanning the parking lot cautiously before flicking his cigarette into the darkness and climbing in, closing the door behind him.

He turned the radio on, some standard rock station, "hits from the 80's, 90's and now!" The radio yelled.

He looked so tall to her, in the driver's seat. He looked out the window next to him, while she sat beside him, legs up feet planted on the windshield. Nobody was in the mood for talking. She took his hand, and placed it just above her left knee, it was the one closest to him. He very lightly squeezed her leg, still looking out the driver's side window. She placed her hand onto of his, sliding it up her thigh, slowly. Her legs were already trembling from just his hand.

She abruptly removed his hand, turned and climbed into the backseat of the roomy truck, and patted the empty seat next to her with her hand, signaling for him to join her. He smirked and followed suit. 

As soon as he was seated next to her, she climbed into his lap. Causing her silky , just above the knee length, black skirt to be all the way up, exposing the tops of her very soft, very smooth thighs, another inch or so and her panties just might have been showing to: he thought. His hands, one rested atop each thigh, hers were running up his shirt, feeling his chest, shoulders beneath his shirt, his hardened nipples, and she felt something, pressing against her very upper thigh and just a bit on her ass, it would move and grow harder when she made the slightest movement, in his lap. She lightly pressed her hips into him, into his lap, pressing her groin, her pubic bone into his growing erection; and because it was impossible for her not to, she was being pulled again into his beautiful eyes; and catching her breath; with a sly smile she said "Hi there."

"Hello." He smiled back

She leaned forward suddenly, grinding her hips into his crotch and practically shoving her tongue through his lips, she kissed him. It was hard, and it was deep and she felt his cock jump to attention as she showed him how she had been thinking of him the last several months while apart. Explosive arousal was nothing new for her or them for that matter. They had this connection, and the sexual side of it, the unending attraction, the intuition, the complete lack of inhibition, the dreams, the timeless afterthoughts and the physical addiction to it, was nothing short of numinous.

His hands were up the back of her black tank top, trimmed in black lace. He was running them over her back, to her waist, feeling her, his tongue still exploring the inside of her mouth. Her smell was intoxicating to him, her presence overwhelmed him, kind of lost in her while she continued to press her body into him, her pussy into the hardening lump growing in his pants, making its way into his pocket from the inside out. 

She squeezed his already hard nipple as she passed over it, frantically feeling every inch of the front of him. They were a little restricted space wise, crammed into one another in the back seat of his Blazer, but they made the most of every inch. She wanted to see him, hard, she had thought so many nights about holding his fully hardened, swollen cock in her hand. She unbuttoned, and then unzipped his jeans, pulling down the waistband of his underwear. His dick sprung out readily, he smiled. She took it in her hand, moving slowly up and down his shaft, pressing her fingers hard against the ridge of the head. He squirmed a little feeling her hands, her fingers, wrapped around the head of his dick, was phenomenal compared to his , in the shower, when thoughts of her spilled into his mind. She continued to squeeze his cock with her hand as she ran her tongue the length of his neck, gently biting his ear, his neck, tasting his skin, so different than what she was use to. When his breath quickened in response to her touch, her hand; her pussy ached once or twice, tightening at the thought of his cock buried deep inside of her. She wanted badly to shove it inside her pussy right then, it was so hard, her hand did not go all the way around the thick shaft as she continues to play with his cock, feeling it throb in her palm. She wanted to shove it in and slide down onto him, his hardened cock, as hard as she could, feel him deep, the head throb against the very top of her insides, the very end of her pussy. Looking at him, his face she took off his glasses, his hat, his whole face was perfect, she wanted him to tell her he was glad to see her, he was wanting her, she wanted him to ask for it, to tell her he wanted to feel her lips, wrapped around him, to put him in her mouth. He was silent, but very responsive. He wanted it; he wanted her to move down his body, to take it into her mouth. The feeling was indescribable it was crazy.

She moved to his side, assisting him in pulling his jeans and underwear to the floor of the truck, not really all the way off. She took his shirt and pushed it up his chest. She took in the vision of him there, fully naked in the view and right there. She pulled down her tank top just exposing her small round tits, and hard pink nipples. Running her hands over her tits once or twice, while she looked at him finagling his pants off. She was on her knees, no shoes, in the seat next to him, she leaned forward, ass in the air, and bent down, kissing his stomach. She ran her tongue close to the base of his by now, very rigid hard on, and up the back of the shaft, stopping where his head met his cock, to lick and taste him, running her tongue around and around the head. It was already taking on a bluish tint, swollen, it made her pussy throb when she looked at it, and she wanted it inside of her. 

He moved her long wavy brown hair away from her face, on the side nearest him. He wanted to see her with his cock in her mouth, he wanted to memorize it. While he watched, he licks and plays with the head of his dick, her tongue leaving his head shiny, and throbbing. His jaw clenched and he looked over at her ass, in the air like that, he pulled her skirt up her thigh, slowly. He pulled it up around her waist; her round ass and tiny black g-string were exposed. 

She softly sucked the throbbing head of his cock into her mouth, stopping just short of the shaft. She rested there, tasting him, feeling his dick twitch and jump with her every breath. 

His hand squeezing and feeling her ass, found its way between her legs, he could feel the warmth before he was there. He teasingly ran his finger firmly down the length of her pussy, well right next to it, rubbing around her swollen lips, making her pussy twitch and contract in response to him, his hand, his fingers being so near. She took his hard on into her mouth in response to him, he gasped for breath quietly. He began running his fingers around her clitoris, full of blood, around it and around it, pressing hard against her bone, engorging her with arousal. She gripped his cock firmly in her hand, stroking him, harder and harder. She went up and down his dick with her mouth, sucking on the head, feeling it push on the back of her throat. He rubbed her clit, hard and pressed into her center. She rocked her hips back and forth across his fingers, her pussy ran with juices, he could feel them in his hand as he grabbed her entire pussy, pressing his palm into her, she grinded her crotch into the palm of his hand, she was moving up and down his cock at a pretty good pace by now. Sucking on it, tasting it, feeling it inside her mouth, she went deeper, and deeper, trying to swallow him. The head of his dick, almost too big for her throat.

He was breathing heavily, and every few seconds a moan escaped him, he watched her, head moving up and down, taking his cock in, out, and back in. The hot moisture of her mouth around him made him dizzy, her lips squeezing him, and then sliding all around him, she would look at him, and her pussy would tingle, watching him, this is what he liked the most to see her, like this. She loved his cock in her mouth, she wanted it, thought about it, dreamed of tasting it, licking it, holding it inside her mouth while it explodes. She stopped for just a moment, to give him a second to recover his senses, or what he had left of them anyway. Still stroking him, he grabbed her forearm, warning her not to move, he was close to cumming, and hadn't much with holding power left. How could he, thinking of her, wanting her, and then her mouth around him, he wanted to cum, but played the game with himself, torturing himself, making him wait for it. 

He slipped the tips of two fingers just inside her pussy; she gasped and she clenched his fingers involuntarily, not moving, her thighs trembling. He was moving his fingers just the tiniest bit, in and out of the very opening to her pussy. She moaned, and took his cock into her mouth, taking him all the way in, deeply, swallowing around his head. His body jerked forward a little, a little sound escaped him as he felt her throat close around his cock. He slid his fingers deep inside her warm pussy, feeling it wrap around them, her legs were shaking. She was running her mouth tightly up and down his throbbing huge hard on, faster and faster while she fucked his hand, his fingers moving in and out of her wet cunt while she was trying to get him off with her mouth.

His breathing grew shallow and rapid, and her hand rested on his stomach, feeling his muscles tense up, feeling them jump. He would pull his fingers from her dripping pussy every few seconds and rub her clit back and forth, in circles, until like a tiny tornado in the deepest part of abdomen she felt it, swirling down into her pussy from above, pulling from all her stomach muscles, her nipples ached in unison, as he fucked her with his fingers, rubbing her clit. She swallowed him again as she let go of her tension and began cumming around all of his fingers, pulsating, squeezing her thighs to feel him in her, her mouth watered, she told him she was cumming, oh please not to stop, she was cumming.

He couldn't bare to hold it in any longer, hearing her say that, his cock in her mouth, his fingers buried in her cunt up to his knuckles; he was drowning in blissful confusion, overwhelmed, he put his hand on the lower part of the back of her neck, and he pushed her into him, she pulled his cock deep into her throat as she took in all that was spilling out of him. It jutted out in spurts, hot, down her throat. She felt his cock jerk, and swell with every forceful release of fluid; she continued to slide up and down him, swallowing every drop while she was trying to breath and maintain composure while he was making her cum with his hand. 

She continued to suck him practically dry, until he was twitching and his body was jerking, the aftershocks were a nightmare, he pulled her off, taking his fingers from her wet pussy; She kissed his neck, his chest, they were both covered in a sheen of sweat, catching their breath, he kissed her moist skin, tasted the salt on her neck from her sweat, he was breathing next to her ear. "You know what's going to happen next time I come out on break, don't you?" he asked her teasingly; She smiled, she still wanted badly to fuck him, to feel him, the heat of his hard cock inside the walls of her pussy, swollen around him. She could do this repeatedly, please him, taste him; she wanted him, addicted to him. 

After they dressed, and he smoked a cigarette, he went into work and she waited quietly in the truck, pondering in great visual detail what would happen when he came out on his next break.

She thought she might prepare herself...