 Suzy and I kept in touch by email for the next month or so and finally I got another delivery to Albuquerque. I let Suzy know when I was going to be there and we made a date to meet at the same bar across from the truck stop. I violated several speed limits for a couple of days so I could get to Albuquerque ahead of schedule to have time enough for a nice evening with Suzy. 

I offered to get a motel room for us so we could be more comfortable but she said, "No, I really like your truck. And, I have something special planned," she teased.

So, I got to town in the late afternoon with time enough to wash the truck and straighten up the inside. I washed some clothes and the bedding at the driver's laundry in the truck stop and then took a nice long shower. I re-made the bunk with the fresh linens and even pre-loaded a porno in the DVD player. Then it was time to meet Suzy across the street. 

I was a little early and Suzy was a little late. I took a booth in the back facing the door and had a nice tall draught in front of me. I tried to keep an eye on the door for Suzy but got distracted for a moment by the nearby pool game. Then a hush came over the crowd. All the din of conversation and movement had just stopped. The pool game paused and the players looked toward the door. I looked around to see what was happening and saw Suzy. She was standing in the doorway and everyone was staring at her. Most of the men had their mouths agape. It was like John Wayne walking through the swinging doors of the saloon and the piano player stops playing and all the bad guys are scared stiff. 

She was wearing a flaming red satin dress with the hem to her knees and a slit up the side to her waist. The dress was cinched at the waist by a wide black patent leather belt and the top was cut low. Way low! So low that her gorgeous breasts were bulging out of the top her lacy black push-up bra that was also visible. She had seamed black nylons on her shapely legs and red high heeled 'come-fuck-me' stilettos. The top of a stocking and her black garter belt was visible through the slit in her skirt. Her red hair was done up high with ringlet curls dripping down, framing the sides of her face. Her make-up was overdone but not trashy; sort of theatrical. Her glossy red lips were plump, wet and matched her shoe color. She stood there a moment looking around for me. I stood up and waved to her. She finally saw me and with the sexiest smile on her face, she slowly walked across the stunned barroom like she was on a fashion show runway. I didn't know whether to shit or go blind. I couldn't believe how sexy she looked and, more importantly, I couldn't believe she was there to be with me. I was standing there with my legs going weak as she came up to me. Suzy wrapped her arms around my neck, pressed all of her beautiful body against mine and kissed me full on the lips. I thought it would be just a quick Hello peck but she held it. We kissed long and deep. Her tongue pushed through my lips and entered my mouth. Our tongues danced for what seemed like ages. A knee pushed between mine and her thigh pressed against my instant erection. Her red painted fingernails scratched tracks around on my back. Finally, she broke the kiss, looked me in eye and said, "Hi there Trucker, did you order a Lot Lizard?" 

"Yeah ... sure ... I guess I did." Needless to say, I was stunned. The last time I met Suzy here, she was in just jeans and a t-shirt. Nothing fancy like this. Now she struts in looking so hot the whole place had their tongues on the floor as they stared at her. We finally sat down in the booth with her on the inside and me beside her. As I slid in, she stayed right up against me so our thighs were pressed tightly together. Her hand rested on the inside of my thigh under the table. Still somewhat speechless, I stammered, "Y-y-y-you want something t-t-to drink?" She said she would like a frozen Margarita. The waitress was already heading our way, no doubt to get a closer look at Suzy. I ordered her Margarita and another beer for me. The waitress lingered for a long moment looking Suzy over and then turned and walked away. I looked back at Suzy and my eyes dropped to her cleavage. He round melons looked like they were about to jump up out of her bra. I noticed the bra had a little red satin bow right in the middle of her cleavage. Nice touch! All I could say was, "Wow, you look great ... Sooo, what's going on with fancy get up?"

"Don't you like it?" she asked with a pout on her lips. 

"No! ..... I mean ... Yes! I love it. You're beautiful. It's just I'm surprised that you got all dolled up just to meet me here." 

"Well," she explained, "after our last episode across at the truck stop when that rent-a-cop accused me of being a lot lizard, I just couldn't get the thought out of my head. The more I thought about it, the more intrigued I got. I've thought about it so much now it's become a fantasy I want to fulfill. I want to be your lot lizard for the night." 

If I was stunned before, I was dumbfounded now. I had never even had the desire to have sex with a lot lizard, but then again, I had never seen one as sexy as Suzy was now. 

A different waitress delivered our drinks. I think this one wanted a closer look at Suzy also. I took a big gulp of my beer to help settle me down then told Suzy, "You're a bit overdressed for the part, but you can be my lot lizard anytime you want."

She said, "So, how do the lizards do this?" 

"Well I don't really know, I've never screwed one before but, I know they usually have several Johns each day and probably don't sit around the bar like this wasting time." 

With that, she gulped down her Margarita and started bumping me out of the booth. "Then let's get to your truck and get down to business, the night is wasting away and I got more truckers waiting for my services." 

I dropped some bills on the table leaving half my beer sitting there and we walked through the barroom arm in arm. I walked a little awkwardly at first trying to hide the bulge in my pants but then thought, "Fuck it .... let 'em see it." Then I added a little bit of strut in my step. 

Suzy had a little trouble walking in her stiletto heels across the street and on the rough asphalt of the truck stop. I don't think she's worn them before. She must have been planning this little fantasy for a while to go to the trouble of putting this outfit together and buying new shoes. As we started to walk between the other parked trucks, we heard a few whistles from some of the drivers. I looked around and several of the drivers who were sitting in their trucks were starring at us like the bar patrons had before. Then one of them blasted his big truck air horn. Then another. Then several more picked up on it. I tried to walk faster toward my truck in the back row but Suzy held me back. She just walked with her head up at a nice slow pace. She was really enjoying all the attention. I was worried the rent-a-cop would show up and I would have deal with him again. But we just continued across the lot as the truckers whistled and honked at Suzy. 

Fortunately, we finally got to my truck without running into the security guard. I opened the door and tried to figure out how to get Suzy up in the truck in her outfit and high heels. I guess she had thought about that also as she kicked off her shoes, then put one stocking covered foot on the first step and told me to boost her up. The only place to boost her up was her ass which she had invitingly stuck out for me. I put both hands on her ass cheeks and lifted. The feel of the satin over her butt was sensational. I had a full double handful of ass as she went up the steps. When she got to the top step I looked up and got a great view of her bare thighs above the stocking tops and her panties above them. Standing there on the top step, she paused for just a moment, looked down at me and spread her legs as wide as the step would allow. She obviously knew where I was looking and just stood there letting me enjoy the view. Then with a great big smile on her face in a sultry voice she asked, "Hon, would you be a dear and get my shoes for me"? 

Suzy climbed on through the passenger door and I bent over to pick up her stilettos. As I stood up, I turned and glanced up at the truck parked next to mine. A big burley driver was sitting there staring at Suzy. Then he looked at me and his expression was that of a starving man watching someone else about to eat a big T-bone steak. I instinctively said, "How ya' doin'?" 

"Not near as good as you! Looks like you're going to have a good time tonight," he replied. 

"I hope so," was all I could think of saying as I shut the door, walked to the other side of the truck and climbed in. I got into the driver's seat but Suzy was not in the passenger seat where she had just climbed in. I looked over my shoulder and there she was. Already in the far corner on the bunk with her head and shoulders propped up on my pillows. 

"Trucker, don't just sit up there, I got a job to do and not much time to do it." 

I quickly locked the doors and almost tore the front curtains down trying to get them closed across the windshield. But before I got them completely closed, I noticed the security guard drive by in his golf cart in front of my truck. He seemed to be looking for someone. Hmmm ... I wonder who? I got the curtains secured and went to the sleeper. "Uhhh? Do you want to watch another porno?" 

"Nope, we're going to make our own porno right here so just play us some music," she purred. 

I put my favorite Willie Nelson CD in the dashboard player and stood facing her. I was standing in the space between the backs of the seats and bunk in the sleeper. I just wanted to stare at her, taking it all in. The red satin dress, black nylon stockings, garter belt, lace bra and the most gorgeous face to have ever graced the inside of my truck. 

I decided to take charge of the situation. She wants to be treated like a whore so here goes. I handed the shoes to her and told her to put them back on. Then I told her to spread her legs apart some. She spread her legs until I could see up her skirt to the dark stocking tops. 

"Pull your dress up," I ordered. 

She pulled her hem up until her bare thighs were showing above her stockings. The elastic satin straps of her black garter belt were now visible. There were little red ribbon bows on the stocking clips. 

"Higher," I commanded. 

Suzy lifted her ass just a bit and pulled her dress above her butt and up to her waist. In the process she let her legs close back up. 

"Spread you legs back open!" I demanded. 

Suzy spread her legs out wide and now I could see her panty covered pussy. Her panties were black silk and see through. Ohhhh Myyy!! There was another matching little red bow at the top. Damn! She bought a whole set of matching lingerie for this little show of hers. I could just make out her shaved swollen pussy lips through the tight thin fabric. 

Back to the act, "You must make pretty good money out here whoring to buy such expensive lingerie like that."

"I do alright most nights," she replied. 

Then I told her to rub her pussy for me. She put a hand down to her pussy and started lightly running two fingers up and down her panties. 

"Rub it harder," She pressed harder and the silk slid up into her pussy crack. Just then, a darker area formed on the black silk. She was already getting wet! Her eyes were starting to close and she leaned her head back into the pillows. "Do you feel how wet you're getting?" 

"Yes," she panted. 

"Push deeper. Get those panties wetter." 

She was rubbing fast and hard now. The panty crotch was almost all the way inside her pussy lips. Her nectar was glistening on her fingers now. "Put your fingers in your mouth and taste it." She brought her hand up and slid two fingers into her mouth and sucked them. "Do you like your taste?" I asked. 

"Yes," breathy, barely audible. 

"Play with yourself some more," I ordered. Suzy put her hand back down and again fingered her pussy through her panties. 

"No," I said, "put your hand inside your panties now and finger fuck yourself." 

She slipped her hand under the little bow on the elastic waist band and as her fingers reached her pussy, the fabric slid out of her labia lips. The panties were really soaked now. I could smell her fragrance. A musky aroma mixed with her perfume. Her sexual scent was filling the small interior of the truck. It was making my head spin. I hope it lingers after she's gone. 

Unable to resist anymore, I started to rub my cock through my jeans while I watched Suzy finger her pussy. She was obviously enjoying herself and was rubbing faster. "Give me a taste of that," I said. 

She brought her dripping fingers up and I bent down to suck them into my mouth. I sucked and licked her fingers like a candy cane, savoring every drop. She put her hand back into her panties and her fingers were working on her clit now. Her hips were gyrating and matching the rhythm of her hand. Her other hand had roamed to her breast and she was squeezing it. 

"Put your hand inside your bra and play with your nipple." 

She did and I could see her pinching her nipple under the bra. I could now see that she was already close to cumming. I continued to encourage her to finger fuck herself and squeeze her tits. She pulled down the front of her dress and slipped her bra straps off her shoulders. Then she pulled down the bra cups and her gorgeous breasts bounced out. The brown nipples were erect as she continued to rub and pinch them. I was rubbing myself through my jeans and really enjoying the sight of this lovely lady masturbating for me. The pace of her fingers working on her clit quickened and she arched her back and her climax neared. Every muscle seemed to tense as spasms coursed through her body and she moaned loudly. I'm sure the guy in the next truck could hear her. I didn't care. Maybe it will give him something to think about when he jacks off tonight. 

As her orgasm subsided I smiled at her and said, "Well, that's a little strange."

"What's so strange?" she asked. 

"You just had an orgasm. I thought prostitutes never have an orgasm with a John," I said with a sly grin. 

"Damn you! You just messed up my fantasy!" I thought I had just fucked up and now she's pissed. Then her smile came back. "Come here!" she ordered. 

She sat up on the edge of the bunk, grabbed me by the belt and pulled me to her. I was still standing and she unbuckled my belt, lowered my zipper and pulled my pants down to my knees. The underwear came next and my hard cock sprang out in front of her face. No teasing, no licking, no hesitation, she just took my cock into her mouth all way to her throat. One hand cupped my balls and her other hand stroked my shaft. She may not be an experienced whore in real life but she sure was experienced at sucking cock. She worked on me like a pro. She pulled it out of her mouth and spit on it for more lubrication. She jacked me a few strokes then back into her mouth. Suzy knew just the right moments to gently squeeze my balls. She would pull her mouth back off my cock and let one string of saliva stretch back from her lips. Then she would suck it back in as she went down on me again. Damn, that's such a turn on. She must have known when I was getting close to cumming because she would bring me right to the brink and back off. She squeezed my shaft hard without stroking while sucking and licking my balls letting the near orgasm recede. Then she continued to stroke and suck me some more. Again, almost to the point of no return and then she stopped again. Ohhh Yeahhh! She definitely knew what she was doing. And then, every man's dream come true. 

She looked up at me and said, "I want you to cum in my mouth. You want to do that for me don't you?" 

"Hell Yeah!" Her mouth came back down on my throbbing cock and with only a few more fast strokes, I was on the brink again. I told her I was about to cum and instead of stopping this time, she went faster. Sucking hard and stroking me faster. Her other hand squeezed my balls until they hurt so good. My hot cum gushed into her mouth and she didn't miss a stroke. She continued pumping me into her mouth with globs of cum leaking out around my shaft and dripping down her chin. Once Suzy was sure she had milked me completely dry, she release my cock from her mouth and with her fingers, gathered all extra drops from her chin. Looking me in the eye, she stuck her wet fingers into her mouth sucking loudly until she had finished every last drop. She returned to my deflating cock and licked up final drop of semen that was still clinging to the head. 

As she flicked the tip of her tongue on the tip she said, "Trucker, we need to get on to the fucking now. Times a wasting and my time is expensive." 

Knowing that I needed some recovery time I said, "No, I want to eat some pussy first. You will just have to make some overtime tonight." 

I reached down, took her hands and helped her stand up in front of me. I unbuckled her sexy black belt and then reached behind and lowered the zipper on the back of her dress. The satin fell with a soft rustle onto the floor of the truck. Again, I reached around her and unhooked her bra. It fell to join the satin dress on the floor. The panties were next. I knelt down in front her with my face at the level of her pussy. I hooked my fingers under the elastic waist band and slowly slid them off. She had put them on over her garters for easy removal. What a pro! As they reached her ankles, she placed a hand on my shoulder for balance and lifted one foot, then the other, for me to ease them over her stilettos. I brought the panties up to my face and noisily inhaled, savoring the stimulating scent her pussy. Then they too joined the pile of satin, silk, nylon and lace on the floor of my truck, I couldn't help but appreciate the contrast of the scene. Expensive, feminine, dainty lingerie piled on the rubber mat floor of big, work every day, semi-truck. 

I stood and my clothes quickly joined hers on the floor and my eyes slowly took in the whole lovely view. The red stilettos, the full-fashion seamed stockings and black lace garter belt with the little red bows. My lingerie fetish was getting its fill tonight. Suzy was still standing as I knelt back down and pressed my face up to her shaven pussy, still wet with her glistening honey. I buried my face further in and inhaled the perfume. She spread her legs wider to give me more access. My tongue shot forward into her slit and gathered some nectar to my mouth. The taste was intoxicating. I felt her knees shake a little then she sat back on the bunk. Still kneeling on the floor, I grabbed both of her knees and spread her thighs apart. Her labia was plumped and opening like a flower. Her little button of a clit was starting to peek out from under its protective hood. Again, I nuzzled my face into her pussy. I explored her vagina as far in as I could with my tongue. Then up to her clit. Softly around it, just teasing, flicking, and lightly licking it. I inserted two fingers into her pussy and stroked in and out. Getting progressively faster. I curled them up to caress her G Spot. That brought out a moan from her. With my other hand, I reached up and squeezed a breast. I found a nipple and gently pinched it. Another loud moan. I pinched harder. Suzy put her stockinged legs over my shoulders and lifted her hips off the bunk to press her pussy hard to my mouth. I increased my finger fucking still pressing upward to stimulate her G Spot. My tongue worked more on her clit. It was fully erect and exposed between the open lips of her labia. With my tongue flattened out, I pressed hard on her clit and licked up down. Her louder moans told me I was doing good things to her. I noisily sucked on her clit still finger fucking her pussy. Grabbing behind my head, she pulled my face into her and I felt her body tighten up. She arched her back higher as her climax built up like an earthquake and tremors reverberated through her body. Her juices started squirting out of her pussy, onto my chin, down my fingers and over my hand. Her vagina was throbbing with its own rhythm. Her thighs had my head in a vice and the sides of her pussy were squeezing my fingers until I thought they might break. She arched her back and let the spasms wash over her. She was moaning incessantly now and I was sure the entire truck stop could hear her. 
