 I've been driving trucks for about ten years and had lots of interesting, sometimes exciting, experiences, but about the most pleasurable happened driving up Interstate 80, heading north in the California Bay Area. Yes, I know most of you think of 80 as an East-West highway, but in that part of California it goes North-South. That's in the East Bay, through Oakland, Berkeley and on up through Vallejo. It was on the highway going through Pinole, a car was going past me and it honked its horn. I thought, "what's the matter now?" and looked down at it. The interior light of the car came on and the woman sitting in the passenger's seat looked up at me, pulled up her skirt, pulled down her panties and gave me a big smile as she waved. I waved back and honked, loud, of course, as I eyed that patch of hair between her legs. She was wearing a garter belt and stockings and she was a pretty red head, that's all I noticed without taking my eyes off the road.

They continued on past me and got off at the next off ramp. I looked at my watch, I was a little ahead of schedule so I got off too. I saw the car disappearing into a shopping mall on the right, followed them in and pulled in alongside them as they parked in the back of the parking lot. After a few moments a man got out, came around to the right side where I'd parked and looked up at me.

"So what's the game?" I asked him.

"She's yours for a hundred dollars." He said.

I took out my wallet. I had plenty of cash, but I didn't feel paying a hundred and anyway I hadn't really had a look at her yet.

"Ask her to get out and let me see what I'm paying for."

He turned, knocked on the window and when she rolled it down said something to her. She got out and stood by the car and looked up at me. It was dark, so I couldn't see her too well, but she looked pretty good, unlike the hookers at truck stops. But I thought I'd have some fun with these two who looked like amateurs.

"I can't see her too well there, have her stand in front of the truck and I'll put the lights on."

He talked to the woman and they stood there arguing and she started to get back in the car.

Finally he looked up at me. "She says she won't do it."

"Okay, forget it then." I said starting to rev the engine.

He grabbed her arm and whispered into her ear. She stood there a moment looking up at me, then walked round in front of the truck. I turned the parking lights on and saw a really pretty red-head. I told him to tell her to pull up her skirt so I could see her legs. He relayed the message and she pulled her skirt up a little bit. Nice, real nice. I told her higher so I could see all the way up her legs. Impatiently she jerked her skirt until I could see her panties. Yes, I wanted some of that.

"Okay, she looks really nice." I told him. "You see, I'm used to these truck stop hookers, whores who look good in a shadows but are pretty haggard in the light. Okay, so all I can afford is forty dollars, that's the going rate for hookers where I come from."

She heard that and I distinctly heard her say to him. "Tell him to go fuck himself." As she started to get back in the car.

It looked as if I'd overplayed my hand so I called out. "Okay, okay make it fifty."

He stopped her, and talked to her earnestly. I heard him tell her it was better than nothing and would probably only take fifteen minutes or so. "I'll be the judge of that," I thought to myself. Finally she agreed and walked over to the truck looking rather dejected. 

She started to step up to the cab so I opened the door to help her and as soon as she was inside I led her to the passenger's seat. The man, who I thought was her husband, wanted to come up too, and after a few minutes of thought decided that would be okay, after all I was getting his wife at a bargain price. I sat down in the passenger's seat and pulled her on to my lap.

I kissed her, a nice brotherly kiss, I had time, no use rushing things. I held her breast in my hand and asked her. "Does you boy friend, or is it your husband, make you do this?"

"What, you think Michael makes me do it? No way! If I didn't want to do it I wouldn't. I'm just getting started, so I'm not really sure how it will go."

I was rolling her nipple around with my fingers now, and I kissed her again, this time with some tongue, and she responded readily, and I had my hand on her knee. I was getting hard.

"So why are you doing it then, why are you making yourself a prostitute?"

"Why? I like to fuck, that's why. As a matter of fact Mike was the one who suggested it. We were swinging a lot, meeting couples, and I was meeting guys by myself as well. So one day Mike asked me, jokingly, instead of giving it away why I didn't sell it. At first I was appalled at the idea. I was a nice girl, nice girls didn't become whores. They might fuck a lot, but they didn't sell their pussies. So I gave it some more thought, (My hand was sliding up her thigh) and said to myself, 'why not?'"

My hand had reached her panties, and working my fingers under the edge of the leg I felt pubic hair as we continued kissing. This girl loved to kiss, hooker or not. Our tongues were meeting and snaking around each other while the saliva started to drip from our mouths -- what we didn't swallow. My fingers had found the moist opening hidden in her pubic hair, and again, not your usual hooker, her pussy wasn't shaved. I gently rubbed her little, soft clitoris and gently massaged it with my finger and felt it growing and hardening. She squirmed and sighed gently.

"Do you like that?" I whispered in her ear.

Her answer was - "mmmmmmmmmmm."

More kissing and groping, but I didn't have that much time, so after getting a couple of fingers inside her I pulled my hand out, gave my fingers a sniff -- a bit stinky, but lovely.

"Honey, why don't you undo your blouse so I can see those little titties of yours? I can see them pretty good through that see through blouse your wearing, but I want to see them and touch them." I said to her softly.

She slowly undid her blouse to show her nice little breasts. I leaned over and kissed them, one at a time, and taking one nipple in my mouth started sucking on it. More deep sighing and groaning. She loved it, and as I sucked on her tit I put my hand back under her skirt, while I fingered her cunt, but I wanted more.

I backed off her tit, "Sweetie why don't you take your panties off and stand up?"

She stood and slipped her black panties off as she pulled up her skirt, and stood there, her skirt raise, while I gazed at that vee-shaped patch of hair with a pink slit down the middle, while on each side the straight line of a garter holding up black stockings. That was what I had seen looking out the window of the truck. I kissed her soft belly just above the garter belt, then tried to go down to kiss those sweet pink lips. That was awkward.

I pulled away, realizing the risk I was taking. "Did you fuck anyone else today?"

"No." She answered testily.

"You sure? I don't want to catch some fucking disease."

"I told you NO. I don't do it that often, only a couple of times a week."

I looked up at her, she looked so sweet, so innocent, it was hard to believe she was a prostitute. With her red hair, delicate skin, standing above me with her blouse hanging open to reveal her small breasts. And now her skirt pulled up to show her beautiful legs and lower body. She could have been a high school or college girl.

"Okay, but could you just suck on my cock to get things started, with all this talk he's slacked off?"

"I thought we were here for you to fuck me. You're getting it cheap enough and now you want a blow job as well. I'm not one of your truck stop hookers, you know. So let's fuck."

At that outburst her husband, Mike came to life. He'd been enjoying the scene up 'til then, while he kept quiet.

"Okay, you know our rule, honey, your his for whatever he wants as long as he's paying for it."

"Okay, let's see it then." As she went down on her knees in front of me.

I unzipped and pulled out my cock, limp as a dishrag. She took it in her hand then looked up at me.

"You'd better not cum in my mouth or I'll bite it off. I don't swallow cum or at least not yours."

I felt her mouth on my cock as her head went down. I shut my eyes and put my right hand on top of her head, Oh that was nice, she really knew what she was doing. I felt sorry for giving her such a hard time, AND for not paying her the full price she had asked. That felt so good, her tongue found the sensitive ridge around the knob of my cock. I grabbed her head with both hands and started to fuck her mouth. That felt so good, she was pressing my cock against the roof of her mouth with her tongue, making a perfect channel for a cock.

She started to choke and pulled her head out of my hands. There were tears in her eyes as she said, "Your cock's too big, that monster's choking me. Just let me do the work, okay?"

"I'm sorry but what you were doing felt so good......" 

She went back to work on my cock and it's swollen head. Then up and down the shaft, finding my balls and back to the head I mustn't cum now and spoil the whole thing. After a few more minutes of her exquisite sucking I told her to stop. It was time for the final act.

She stood up. "Okay, are you ready to fuck?"

"You bet. Get up on the bed." I told her.

"Where's your condom, your rubber?" She answered me.

"Oh fuck, I forgot about that, I don't have one."

"No condom, no fuck. That's how I stay disease free. But look, we have some, give him one Michael, and we'll add it to the bill." She laughed.

I took it from him and handed it to her. "You put it on."

Taking my still hard cock in her hand she rolled it on like an expert, which she was.

"Now can you get up on the bed in the back?" I asked her as we moved back there, my big white sheathed cock wagging as I walked.

She took off her skirt, folded it carefully and placed it gently on the passenger seat. My heart stopped, she looked so fine standing there. She still had her blouse on, but her beautifully rounded bottom, stockings with garter belt were a lovely sight. She turned around and jumped right up on the bed. It was a mess but she kicked the bedclothes down to the bottom. I took off my pants and shorts and when I got up she was waiting lying on her back, knees up and legs apart. 

"My God you're beautiful." I blurted out as gazed down at her.

I looked down between her thighs at the red slit in her pubic hair and opening it with my thumbs lowered my head to kiss it. My nose filled with her musky odor as my tongue flicked out to touch the inside and I felt her jerk. I started to lick from the back by her ass to the front to her little nub of a clitoris. She jerked again and moaned. With my nose buried in that mass of hair I started to lick fast and deep, while stretching her labia open wider.

"Oh yes! That's good. Stretch me! Lick me! Harder....harder."

I was licking as hard as I could, holding her vaginal lips open until I was sure it was hurting her. She was panting and moving her hips up and down, her mound hitting my mouth as she moved. 

"Oh fuck yes, that's it. Stretch my cunt wider, hurt me, lick me. Oh shit.........OH shit I'm cuming. STRETCH it. Uh Uh Uh ............oooooooooooh." she was bucking with her hips and I pulled away so that she wouldn't hit my mouth (Knock my teeth out?) and looked down at my thumbs holding her vagina open. It looked huge! That little pink hole now looked big enough to get your hand in so I pulled my hands away immediately.

She slowed her movement. "Why did you take your hands away?"

"I was afraid I'd damage you."

"You can't do that. I enjoy being stretched and you were doing a good job. Are you ready to fuck yet?"

I looked down at her hole, still hanging open. "Are YOU ready? I don't think you can do much fucking with that thing gaping open like that."

"Why don't you try, I think I might surprise you, ask Mike."

I wasn't going to ask Mike anything, so I took my cock in my hand -- it was semi-hard -- and slid it into her orifice. It went in easy, of course, but as it slid into her I felt her muscles close around it. Nice! I started to fuck her and as I did I felt her vaginal muscles tightening around my now-hard meat. That was more like it!

"Is that tight enough for you? Is it?"

"Oh yeah! Perfect. How do you do that?"

"Good, just shut up and fuck." And she started to grunt and moan with pleasure.

"Uh..uh..uh..............." She went with each stroke. "Oh that's nice.....Uh..uh..uh.........."

This went on for what seemed like fifteen minutes, it was a treat fucking her.

But soon, "Are you ready to cum yet?" She whispered in my ear. 

I stopped for a moment, "You fuckin' whores always rush a guy so you can get it over and on to the next one." I chuckled. "Just give me a few more minutes."

"I only asked because I want to cum again, but I just enjoy fucking too."

I whispered in her ear, "Didn't they tell you at hooker school that whores ain't supposed to orgasm?"

I resumed my deep strokes while enjoying the tightening of her inner muscles. But I could feel the pressure building up in my balls and I knew I'd have to let go soon. So after a few minutes more I told her I was nearly there. She responded by kissing hard and deep while she wrapped her legs around my back as if to pull me into her cunt, to swallow me with her vagina.

Her back arched and flexed, "Oh fuck yes! Fuck me harder, harder! Ah...ah..right there!YES!Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah."

The excitement, the energy she was giving off forced me over the top and I started to ejaculate, pumping one ...two...three times and trailing off. "Ah........Ah yes, beautiful" I sighed. It felt almost painful it was so good.

We lay there locked together for a few minutes. I was the first to speak. "That was splendiferous. You'll go a long way in the business if you treat a man like this every time."

"I do what I enjoy doing and most guys like that."

"I just feel sorry for Mike, sitting there, cock out and having to masturbate." I said with a smile.

"Don't. He knows he'll get his. And anyway, he's the Prince of sloppy seconds and he'll do some licking as well, he likes that,"

"He likes to lick you after another man has fucked you?"

"That's his favorite part. Watch this." She pulled the condom hanging my limp prick and dangled it over the side of the bed. "Here Mike."

Mike got up and came over, he took the full rubber delicately in his fingers. Tipped his head back and holding it by the end, to my disgust, emptied the still warm sperm into his mouth and swallowed it.

I looked at my watch, it was getting late, I had to be back on the road. I sat up then dropped down on to the floor.

"Get up sweetheart, I have a schedule to meet. No time to lay in bed."

She got up slowly, begrudgingly. "Damn, I was just getting cozy and thought about having Mike up here for his turn. Ah well, got to get moving I guess."

She had her panties and skirt back on before I had my pants and shoes on. I hated to see that body covered up again. Mike stood up, put his dick away and started down the ladder. She started out, stopped and looked at me.

"Where the fuck is my money?"

I took out my wallet and pulled out three twenties instead of the fifty I'd bargained for. "Here's sixty, you were worth every penny. What's your name, next time I'm this way I'll give you a call and maybe we can get together again."

"I'm Jayne, here's my card, and if there is a next time it will cost you a hundred, at least." And she was gone down the ladder.