 The Trucksmore Family, what a piece of work they were. You know the type of family, the one that even dysfunctional families want to stay away from. They would give the Munster from TV the cold chills. 

How did I get hooked up with a bunch like that, you ask. Well, take a fifty seven Plymouth, a drive in movie, add Betty Trucksmore to the back seat, stir in a blowjob that would have taken the chrome off a bumper hitch and there you have it. I was a hooked fish and fresh meat for the family. I was all of eighteen and full of come, piss, and vinegar, and not necessarily in that order. 

Betty met me at one of the local teen hangouts and had latched onto me in a heartbeat. At six one and two hundred and five pounds, I kind of stuck out like a sore thumb anyway. With a twenty-eight inch waist and a forty-two inch chest, Betty was all over me and what Betty wanted, Betty got. 

Now don't get me wrong, Betty had the bait to catch any man, I don't care what his age. She was five seven and built like a brick outhouse. Long black hair down to her waist, a pixie, heart shaped face with large brown eyes, and tits that stretched the imagination. Add a cute, tight ass and legs down to there and you have Betty in all her glory.

I was standing around, bullshitting with a couple of my buddies when she walked up behind me and covered my eyes with her hands. "Guess who?" She asked in a deep sultry voice and moved forward until her breasts were planted against my back. 

"I don't have a clue." I said and then added, "But you're about to get a one legged salute if you don't quit rubbing those against my back." I was a smartass back then, I still am now, but I'm subtler about it.

There was nothing subtle about Betty, her hands came away from my eyes, dropped down under my arms, and ended up on my chest. One of them then slowly slipped down across my stomach and ended up caressing my semi hard on through my tight jeans. 

My two buddies where wide eyed and had their mouths hanging open as she asked, "You mean this leg?" And she gave my growing hard on a gentle squeeze.

I grinned and replied, "Yeah, that's the one."

She released me and moved over to stand next to me, one arm still around my waist. She grinned at my buddies and told them, "Why don't you little boys get lost so me and my new friend here, can get better acquainted?" 

Looking at me, she said, "Hi, my names Betty. Why don't we get out of here and go somewhere a lot more private, so you can fuck my brains out." My buddies still hadn't moved but she ignored them. 

"Sounds good to me." I said as I slipped my arm around her and we headed for the door. 

*****

That's how we ended up on the back row at the drive-in and in the back seat of my old Plymouth. It hadn't taken her long to get out of her dress and to get me out of my jeans. She was on her knees in the floor a moment after that, my eight-inch dick half way down her throat. What she didn't know about a blowjob hadn't been written. She would bring me right to the edge, then stop until I calmed down, and then do it again. 

This went on for most of the first movie and during intermission; she lay back on the seat and had me eat her pussy to three screaming climaxes. When the movie started again, she had me sit on the edge of the seat while she climbed up and sat down in my lap and on my manhood. As she slowly lowered herself onto it, she let out a long moan and when it was all the way inside her, she groaned and slowly rocked her hips back and forth. 

When I would get near to cumming, she would sit still and kiss me. Then she would go back to rocking. This went on for almost that entire movie. A few minutes before it was over, she suddenly lifted her hip until just the head of my dick was inside her, and then she dropped herself back down, impaling herself on me. 

She yelled loudly and lifted her hips to do this again. About the fifth time she did this, I came like a fire hose with the nozzle off it. I didn't know I could shoot that much. She was yelling and rocking so hard that the car was moving.

As the house lights came on and people started, starting their cars, she got off me, reached in her purse, and got out a soft cloth. She cleaned me up first and then spread her legs wide and cleaned herself. Then she slipped her dress on over her head and smiled at me. 

"You can take me home now." She said in a soft voice. "I want you to meet my family."

My head was still swimming from the orgasm I had just had and it took me a moment longer to get my body to move. By the time I had my jeans back on, she was in the front seat. I climbed over with her and started the car. We headed for her house. If I had known then what I know now, I would have dumped her in her yard and ran like hell.

*****

I parked in her driveway and followed her up to the door. It was a little after midnight and I figured her parents would be asleep in bed like most everyone else's. Boy was I in for a surprise. 

She stopped with her hand on the door and said, "My parents are a little weird but don't let it bother you, they're harmless and mean well."

I followed her inside thinking, what the hell? Everyone I knew had weird parents; they were supposed to be that way. It was a law of nature or something.

We entered a dimly lit entry hall and followed it to the living room. The living room was a little brighter but not much. A couple of small lamps were on and there were a lot of lit candles around. When my brain registered what was going on in that room, I froze. There were a dozen people scattered around the room engaged in all kind of different sex acts. 

"Damn, I figured their little party would be over by now." Betty whispered.

"Betty, baby, why don't you come on in and join us." I heard a woman say from across the room. She had a man fucking her from behind, as a woman lay flat on her back under her, eating her pussy. She moaned softly and thrust her ass back against the man. "The party got started late but it's going strong now." She said and moaned again.

"That's all right mom, my friend and I are just going to my room to study." Betty said.

"Study my ass." I heard a young sounding male voice say. "You're going to fuck his brains out, that is if you haven't already."

Betty's mom said, "Hush, Brian, leave your sister alone. What or who she does is her own business."

Brian replied, "Oh mom, you take all the fun out of it." 

I finally picked him out as the one with the older blonde sitting on his lap bouncing up and down. She was moaning loudly and pulling on her long hard nipples. 

She bounced a little harder and said, "Shut up you little fucker, I'm trying to come here and you're not making it any easier."

"Ok, Aunt Sue, you don't have to pitch a bitch." He told her and then sucked on one of her nipples. She sighed deeply and then moaned loudly.

Betty took my hand and led me across the living room and down a short hall to her room. Once inside, with the door shut, she said, "I told you they were weird." 

She took her dress off over her head and tossed it on a chair. She looked at me and asked, "Do you want to take a shower with me? Our little love making session got me all sweaty." Before I could answer, she was unbuttoning my shirt. 

"I'll let you wash me and then I'll wash you, how does that sound?" She had my shirt open and ran her hands over my muscular chest. "Damn, that's nice." She whispered. "I'm glad both my sisters are gone this weekend or I'd have a fight on my hands over you."

I finally found my voice and asked, "You have sisters as well as a brother?" 

"Yeah, I've got an older sister, Kaye; she's at a beauty pageant this weekend. She'll probably blow all the judges again and win this one too. My younger sister, Barbara, is at a sleep over with her boyfriend and her best girlfriend. It's his birthday and she figured he'd like a threesome."

She paused to lick my nipples and then went on. "She wanted me to go with her but he's too young for my tastes. Anyway he's got a small dick and doesn't know a thing about eating pussy. Now, Barbara's girlfriend, she's a different story. That girl would rather eat pussy that anything else and she's damn good at it." 

She paused again, her hands going to my belt buckle. "I'll have to introduce you sometimes, you're not bad at eating pussy yourself, and it might be fun to have you both eat me at the same time." 

She had my jeans off by now and ran her hands over my semi hard dick. "Especially if I could suck on this monster at the same time. Talk about having your cake and being eaten to, I'd come my brains out." 

Still holding onto my dick, she crossed the room with me right behind and opened a side door that led to the bathroom. There was a woman sitting on the commode as we came in. 

The woman said, "Hey, Betty how's it going?" Her eyes locked onto my dick in Betty's hand and she grinned, "Damn girl, where did you find that one?" 

"Hi Aunt Carol, this is my new boyfriend." Betty looked up at me and asked, "By the way, what is you're name?"

"Ray." I told her.

"Yeah this is Ray." She told her Aunt.

"Glad to meet you Ray, maybe later when Betty tires of you, you can meat me with that bad ass looking bone of yours." Carol said and grinned again. 

"Aunt Carol, I'm going to keep this one for a while so behave. He fucks like there's no tomorrow and can eat pussy to boot." Betty said and chuckled. "He filled my pussy so full; I thought I would explode when he came, it's still running down my thighs."

Carol licked her lips and asked, "Can I get in a few licks and a little taste before you wash it all down the drain?"

"Well, I don't know?" Betty said.

"Awe, come on, I got stuck with Sue's ex-husband tonight and you know how fast he is. Wham bam and not even a thank you, Mam." Carol said and licked her lips.

Betty looked up at me and smiled, "Do you mind if my Aunt eats my pussy for a little bit. She's good at it and she loves doing it, especially if it's already cream filled. I'll suck on your dick while she does, that'll make me come like mad."

I shook my head and said, "Uh, I don't mind."

Betty led me back into her room and lay down on the bed, spreading her legs wide. Her Aunt followed us and then lay down on the bed between Betty's long legs. Her Aunt was tall and willowy, with small pointed tits and narrow hips. 

She took a short lick along Betty's inner thigh and smacked her lips, "Damn girl, you're wet down to your knees. I'm not sure who I taste the most here, him or you. You must have been coming your brains out. I've definitely got to try that horse cock now, if it did this to you."

Betty grinned and then laughed, "Well, he did lick me to three orgasms during intermission at the drive-in, so I was already pretty well sopping wet by the time I climbed on that pole and slid down it. After that it was all over but the shouting and I did plenty of that." 

Carol's head had been busy while Betty was talking as she finished the last sentence she groaned loudly. "Damn Aunt Carol, if that tongue of yours gets any longer, no one around here will need a dick to satisfy them."

Betty pulled me over to kneel on the bed near her head. "Come here baby, I need a pacifier so I won't scream to loud." She said and swallowed my dick to the hilt. I was back to being fully hard from watching Carol eat Betty's pussy and wondered if Betty had ever been a sword shallower at some point in her life. 

She sucked on me and then she was trying to suck and yell at the same time. I nearly came from the combination. She finally had to let go of me so she could breathe. Shortly after that, Carol came up from between Betty's legs and her eyes zeroed in on my manhood. She licked her lips and then her tongue came out of her mouth and hung down four inches below her chin. I had never even imagined a tongue that long. 

She glanced down at Betty, who had her eyes closed and was breathing hard and heavy. With a grin, Carol's eyes came back to my dick and she moved forward to swallow me in one easy motion, just like Betty had done. Maybe sword swallowing ran in the family. 

Carol could eat pussy as I had already seen and she could suck a dick just as well, that tongue of hers felt like a warm snake as it wiggled and twisted around my hard shaft. 

I felt my orgasm rising and then Betty said, "Aunt Carol, let him go, he's mine, private stock for right now, ok."

Carol slowly pulled her head back and eased my dick out of her mouth. She licked her lips and then leaned down to kiss her niece. The kiss went on for a few minutes, until Betty whimpered and pushed her away. Carol grinned down at Betty and said, "Ok baby, I can wait." With that she got off the bed, smiled at me, and left by the door to the hall.

Betty lay on the bed breathing hard once again. After a couple of minutes she sighed and sat up. "You'll have to excuse my Aunt, she's a greedier bitch than most of the women in this family, and that's saying a lot." 

She got off the bed and I had to grab her, as her legs were a little wobbly. As she got herself steadied she said, "Ok, let's see if we can get that shower before anyone else shows up."

We made it into the shower stall and I had lathered up a good portion of Betty's luscious body. I was thoroughly enjoying this when the shower door open and a man stuck his head in. "Hello baby, your mother told me you had a new boyfriend and I thought I'd pop in and say hello."

"Hello Daddy, this is Ray; Ray this is my Dad." Betty said. 

I shook her father's hand, feeling very, very strange since I had the other hand on his daughter's right breast. "Glad to meet you sir." I said.

"You look like a nicer guy than the last couple she's dragged home." He said. Looking back at his daughter he said, "At least this one speaks English and has some manners." He leaned in farther and kissed his daughter on the lips and then said, "Ok, I need to get back to the party; I had forgotten that it was your Aunt Bonnie's monthly gangbang night. She wore out five guys last month and I had to spend the rest of the night listening to her bitch." 

He glanced over at me and asked, "If I come up short tonight, do you think that you could help out. I sure don't want to listen to her bitching again tonight."

"Daddy!" Betty said, "Ray's here to do me tonight and I'm planning on keeping him quite busy, so you'll just have to take care of Aunt Bonnie as best you can."

Her daddy chuckled and replied, "Ok sweetheart, you have fun and it's nice to meet you Ray. I'll see you two at breakfast maybe." With that he was gone and so was my erection.

Betty reached down and ran her hands over my soft shaft. "Damn this goofball family of mine to hell. All I wanted to do is to fuck and suck this big dick for the rest of the night and what do they do, they freak you out to the point you lose your hard on." She said and used both hands to caress and stroke my manhood. 

It stiffed and swelled a little and she smiled. "That's more like it, now you can go back to washing me. I'll wake up that bad boy when I wash you; if not then, then I know a few tricks that I ain't showed you yet, to get you going strong again."

By the time I had finished washing Betty's pussy, ass, and long legs, I was hard as a rock again. I figured that Betty would wash me with her hands like I had her and she did on parts of me. Other parts of me she washed with her beautiful, soft yet firm breasts, and then drew twin lines in the soap with her large hard nipples. My dick was literally twitching by the time she finished with me.

After rinsing the soap off, we were out of the shower and drying each other off with large soft towels. Betty was on her knees in front of me; she would dry my dick and then swallow it, getting it wet again. Then she would repeat the process. In a few minutes my legs were trembling.

Suddenly the door flew open and a tall extremely well built redhead stood there with nothing on except her hands on her hips. Her red bush shined like a beacon from between her legs. "Your father tells me you're keeping your boyfriend to yourself tonight. I've already been through five guys and three women and I'm not satisfied yet. Carol offered to help but the last time she did, I was sore from that damn tongue of hers for a week. Anyway, I'm not really in the mood for just oral, I want some hard hot meat in my little pussy. It's starving." 

Betty had been sucking on me and slowly slipped me out of her mouth. "Holy shit!" Her Aunt Bonnie said as she did. "That damn salami would fill up my little pussy twice and then some."

After taking a deep breath and let it out slowly, Betty said, "Aunt Bonnie, lets not get into it again tonight. I just met Ray and I ain't even had time to try all the things I want to with him. Maybe a little later after I get all that I want, he might be persuaded to help you out but not right now, ok."

Bonnie looked at her for a long moment and then she took her hands off her hips and sighed, "Ok baby, I not so old that I don't remember young love and lust. I'll go see if Carol is still available and check back with you later." She looked at my dick in Betty's hands and sighed again, "Damn baby, you've got a winner there so go enjoy it." And she was gone.

Betty turned back to my dick and licked the clear drop of precum off the tip. She looked up at me and smiled, "She likes you." She said and swallowed me to the max. She bobbed her head half a dozen times, sucking me from the tip to the base of my dick. 

When I groaned loudly, she took me out of her mouth and stood up. "Come on Darlin', I have a much better place for this thing and I'd better get it there before someone else shows up."

She led me back into the bedroom and laid me down on the bed. She climbed on the bed the opposite way around and straddled my head. 

"Here baby, you nibble on this and get it all wet again while I suck on my pacifier." She said as she lowered her sex to my waiting mouth. 

Her pussy was nice and clean from the shower and soon her sweet juices were flooding it again. I was having a feast and enjoying the slow gentle blowjob she was giving me, when the bedroom door opened and her brother stuck his head in. 

"Hey sis, Kaye just called and told mom she won this pageant with ease. From what I hear, two of the judges were women and you know how good Kaye is at eating pussy." 

He quit talking for a moment and watched his sister suck my dick. "Damn sis, you're getting much better at that. I can remember when you couldn't hardly swallow my little wienie." He waved a thin, hard, seven-inch dick in our direction and then closed the door with a loud chuckle.

Betty swallowed me whole twice in quick succession and then got off me. She was on her hands and knees and then she lowered her upper body, raising her ass high in the air. 

She looked back at me over her shoulder and smiled. "What are you waiting for?" She asked and wiggled her beautiful ass from side to side.

I was behind her in a flash. As my dick touched her hot wet opening, she shifted her knees to the sides, opening herself wider. I pushed into her and enjoyed the feel of her tight pussy as it swallowed me. I took my time and worked my way in slowly and in stages. By the time my hips touched her firm ass, she was breathing hard and moaning loudly. 

I held still, enjoying the feelings her rippling inner muscles were causing along the full length of my shaft. With her in this position, I could feel the head of my dick press against her cervices at the very bottom of her little pussy. I pushed forward a little more and she moaned even louder, and ground her ass against me. 

"Oh yes!" she said loudly after a second or two as she came hard.

I held still again until she relaxed a little and then I placed a hand on each of her hips and started to fuck her with long deep strokes, pulling her tightly back against me at the bottom of each stroke. She would yell and wiggle her ass each time I pulled on her hips, the head of my dick pressing on her tender cervices.
