 First let me thank you all for the votes and emails. And as I've said before, this is not meant to be the next great novel, so if that's what you're looking for, I'm sorry to disappoint. I'm sorry it has taken so long to post this, but my semi retired boss got bored, and all of a sudden there is money to be made. With that in mind, if you haven't read all of the previous chapters, I suggest you do so before proceeding.

If I haven't already scared you off, I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I do writing it. All mistakes are mine. All people, places and institutions are made up, this story in no way reflects reality and any similarities to it are coincidental. Enjoy.

*****

Chapter 10

Marcus came awake as Abby climbed back under the covers, rolling to put her back against him, and pulled his arm over to tuck his hand between her breasts. "I started some coffee." She told him, inching her hips back tighter against him.

"You sure you're not Irish?" He asked, a little sleepily.

"Sorry, I was told we were French."

"Damn frogs," he muttered, "too drunk to even find Ireland back in the revolution against the Brits."

Abby laughed. "I think that was winter storms. And the Irish were the ones too drunk to light the beacon fires." He chuckled.

"I have to admit," he said as he nuzzled her ear, "the reputation of the French women seems to be well-earned."

She giggled and pulled his hand deeper into her cleavage. "Why Marcus, is that your shillelagh poking me in the back?"

"Well, it's certainly not a French horn." He growled.

Katey was cutting shortening into the dry ingredients of her pie crusts. She was doing one crust at a time, cut it in, add ice water to form a ball that got wrapped and put in the fridge. She'd spent the evening before baking down and pureeing two small pumpkins and about five pounds of sweet potatoes. She'd put the two twelve pound turkeys in a brine and hard steamed three dozen eggs. She was having a ball. Thanksgiving was her favorite holiday.

Cindy was nervous, she hadn't seen her mother since she was sentenced. Actually, she hadn't even known where she was, but Brigid had found out she was being held fairly close by in Framingham, at the Massachusetts Committing Institution. At first, Cindy had declined the offer to take her to visit, only agreeing when Brigid said she would go in with her.

She almost didn't recognize her mother when they finally brought her into the room. She'd been skin and bones before, wasted away by the booze. Now she was actually looking healthy, her hair cut in a short bob. When she stopped at the table and looked at her and a tear escaped, Cindy lost it and rushed into her arms. One of the female guards headed over to separate them, but she didn't hurry.

Brigid had to wipe away a tear of her own, as they settled at the table across from each other.

"This is Brigid, Mama." Cindy introduced them. "She's been looking after me. They gave me my own apartment, and I'm playing the piano again."

"I thought you were staying with your Aunt Brenda?"

"I hated it there." Cindy told her, then tried to hide a grin. "Brigid knocked her out." She snickered.

Cindy's mom looked Brigid over and finally nodded. "Cathy," she told her, extending a hand to shake, "you've no idea how often I wanted to do that."

"I'm going to go to college too." Cindy went on, nervous, desperate that her mom agree that she was okay staying where she was. "I just have to figure out what for."

"That's great baby," her mom told her, "I'm learning to be a chef in here." She didn't tell her that it was the best way to get a few extra treats. "You look good, are you happy?" They talked for about twenty minutes, catching each other up on the last two years, connecting again. Cindy telling her about the hall.

"Oh, we're going to fly down to a big car show in Florida tonight." Cindy told her excited. "We'll stay in a big house on the beach, everybody is going." Her mom smiled, but slid a speculative look over at Brigid.

"That sounds like fun." She agreed, "I've missed you, happy Thanksgiving baby." She went on as the buzzer went off, warning that the visit was almost over. "I hope this means your going to start coming?" and Cindy looked at Brigid who nodded.

"Could you give me and Brigid just a moment?" she asked her, reaching across the table and squeezing her hand. "I just want to thank her."

"You go ahead, I'll be right out." Brigid told her, nodding towards the door they had entered through. Cindy looked reluctant but agreed, getting another quick hug when she stood, before she headed to the door.

"So what's the deal?" Cathy asked Brigid as soon as Cindy was out of the room. "You better not be messing with my girl. If you think you can whore her out.."

"Whoa," Brigid told her. "No one is whoring Cindy out. She helped us out a while back, and when I took her home, that bitch she was living with slapped her and took the new phone we bought her. The place was a pigsty, so I took her back with me." She studied the woman for a second, then decided to tell her more. "She has her own apartment, with a locking door. And nobodies going to try to fuck with her any more, including you."

"She's going to go to college, and have a life." Brigid told her. "Like she said, she's playing the piano again, and she's good. When she's ready, if she wants it, I'll even pay for some therapy." Brigid paused as the woman looked down guiltily. "She's going to be okay." She told her. "I promise."

"Thank you." Cathy told her, her voice softer now.

"I'm going to put a hundred bucks in your commissary from Cindy." Brigid told her as the guards started moving people out. "You keep at the chef training or whatever else they have that you're interested in, and I'll bring her back next month and add to it. Come out of here ready to stand on your feet, because I'm not going to let you drag her down." They locked eyes for a moment, then she looked down again and nodded, just before the guard got to their table and sent Brigid out.

Becky leaned against the door jamb to Marcus' bedroom, her jeans open and one hand buried between her legs watching Abby's slim back and heart-shaped ass as she rode Marcus' cock.

She had hoped to take another shot at deepthroating while Abby was there, but this was good too. Marcus was moved out of the hall now, so it was a little harder to fill the impulses she had, she couldn't just go down the hall at two in the morning and climb in his bed naked. She watched as Marcus pulled Abby down on his chest, then started thrusting up into her, his cock more visible, making her lick her lips. Soon he was really going at it, the whole bed trembling as he hammered away at her, his balls bouncing around so much it almost made Becky laugh. When the white foam started building around his cock, seeping from Abby, she added another finger to herself and pushed her jeans down more, needing more room. She came as they did, her own little whine lost in Abby's stuttering wail.

Abby spotted her after she rolled off Marcus, "Did you at least stop in the kitchen and bring us coffee?" she asked with a grin, wiping at the sweat on her chest. Becky nodded and headed towards Marcus' kitchen redoing her jeans. She could smell the coffee, and found three cups.

"Sugar or cream?" she called back towards the room, and heard both call for black. So she doctored hers, then carefully walked back, having filled them a little too full. Abby popped up and took the two plain cups from her, and Becky sat on the corner of the bed as they got sat up and situated, Marcus pulling the cover up to protect his pride from any accidental coffee mishaps.

"Are you a member of the mile high club?" Becky asked Abby, almost causing Marcus to have a mishap. Abby took a sip, then grinned at her.

"I guess that depends on the criteria for joining." She told Becky, "I gave my husband a couple of blowjobs in first class, but we never actually got naked and fucked."

Becky grinned and shook her head. "The man was an idiot." She told Abby, and Marcus chuckled in agreement. "Well, it seems everyone that went on the last trip managed to join in spectacular fashion." She went on, going to tell Abby everything she'd heard about it. But Marcus interrupted.

"Oh no, if your going to go telling her how my daughter joined this club, I don't want to hear it." He told them, trying to hand his coffee to Abby so he could climb from the bed.

"Oh, Okay." Becky gave up, "I'll tell Abby about it later. The point is, that I need to join too, I can't be the only one of my friends that's not a member." And here, she pointed at Marcus. "Sometime during the flight tonight, you and I are going to fuck in the bathroom. So save me some, or go get that prescription filled or something, but be ready." And Abby started laughing at the trapped look on Marcus' face.

"That went well," Brigid told Cindy once they were back in her little Miata and headed home, "she seems to be doing pretty good."

"What did she want?" Cindy asked, afraid her mom might have said something that would screw things up for her. Brigid saw it, and decided to just tell her.

"She wanted to make sure I wasn't hurting you." She told her, "Which is perfectly fine. I guess I'd have a hard time believing someone in the same circumstances. I told her, that I wasn't going to let anyone hurt you any more, including her." She finished, looking over at Cindy to see how she took that. Relaxing when Cindy tried to hide a smile and failed.

"Thank you." Cindy told her, reaching over and laying a hand on Brigid's arm.

***

Mason came awake sneezing, and found his wrists shackled to the bed. Cybil was sitting on him naked, with the exception of some war paint and a feathered headdress that was obviously from a toy department. Then he realized they weren't alone, as Shelby and Ardella both crawled on the bed from opposite sides. Both looking fierce in their pastel feathers.

Cybil brought his attention back to her, flicking his nose again with the purple feather in her hand. "We've decided this Thanksgiving, it's the white man that should get screwed." She told him and giggled.

Keeping her eyes locked to his, she scooted up until her knees were on either side of his head, then threw her head back as he surrendered and started using his tongue. He guessed right, that it was Ardella that quickly had him in her mouth, so it had to be Shelby playing with his balls.

Jess was in the gym, she was kicking the shit out of the standard heavy bag, imagining it was David. She knew this last voice mail she'd found that morning had risen to the level where she had to tell Ben about it, and it pissed her off, made her feel like a kid going to daddy with a problem. But his question about how close a fire on route 2 had come to her new home was over the line, especially when he speculated on how long it would take fire trucks to reach them.

Glancing at the clock on the wall, she gave the bag one final kick, then headed back to her room to shower and call Ben.

Pat was having an eight till noon Thanksgiving blowout sale. Unlike Abby, he handled all the sales, his three employees being a receptionist slash book-keeper, a mechanic and a painter. The latter two working part-time when he needed them, just to earn extra money. Today it was him and Teri, his beautiful but gay receptionist. He didn't mind her orientation, other than the fact it meant he had no chance, but they still kidded around a lot.

Lately, Teri had been trying to get him to bring her with him out to the hall, saying it was selfish of him to deprive her of all that potential fun. His response so far, was to just grin at her and walk off, Teri cursing him roundly. He knew she would probably fit right in out there, but it was too much fun baiting her.

Today, she took every opportunity to try and wheedle an invitation to Florida out of him. Going so far as to tell him in detail how small her new bikini was. Groaning in frustration whenever someone came in looking and she had to back off. Actually, he was a little torn about the idea of seeing her tight body in the tiny bikini she described, it was hard enough working around her as it was.

For being three years older than he was, she was holding up really well. Kind of like a nasty Meg Ryan, right down to the obviously long nipples that were almost always present. She was the reason they had all the leather in the shop, having convinced him to stock and sell it in a manner similar to what she'd been doing to him all morning. When she offered to wear the bikini around the shop for a week after they got back, Pat knew he had to call Mason, Teri actually screamed and hugged him when he told her to take a few minutes and run home to pack a bag, "And don't forget that bikini!" he yelled as she went out the door.

Saul stood outside Benny's banging on the door for a good ten minutes before a still half asleep Benny finally pulled it open and then shuffled off for the kitchen, muttering something about coffee. Saul walked in and looked around, sighing as he remembered how Cybil had once kept the little house for the two of them. It definitely missed her. Gathering the half-dozen empty beer bottles off the coffee table, he headed towards the kitchen himself, dropping the bottles in the can with all their cousins.

"I figured you'd be ready by now," he needled his friend. He'd known he wouldn't be, but also that he should get there early if they were going to get ready and out to the hall in time. "Did you at least pack a bag?"

Benny just grunted at him, dumping a heaping scoop of coffee into the filter, enough to make Saul blanch.

Shelby was perfectly happy to go last, she'd come to realize she liked to watch. But by the time Ardella, then Cybil both rode Mason's cock, Cybil getting him to cum for her as she writhed like some harem girl from the Arabian nights. Shelby was more than ready to help him get hard again for herself. So as Cybil leaned down and kissed him, his softening cock slipping from her, then rolled off into Ardella's arms, Shelby moved in and took him into her mouth.

Mason squirmed for a few seconds, his cock sensitive, then sighed as the nerves settled and he started growing again, enjoying Shelby's enthusiasm like always. Cybil leaned across him and grabbed Shelby's outstretched leg, pulling her over on top of Mason and winking at him. Shelby got the message and did the rest, scooting back until he could reach her, never losing him from her mouth.

She loved Mason's cock. She'd come to realize that she loved Mason as a friend, he was probably the best guy she'd ever known, but she loved his cock. She grinned around it now, thinking every cock crazed girl should be so lucky. When he was good and hard again, not to mention driving her to distraction with his talented tongue, she started trying. She definitely had to hum a bit when Mason's fat head filled her soft palate, but she just did it and took slow breaths, trying to relax.

Mason groaned when she did the little twist and took his head into her throat, his tongue going still as his hands fisted and pulled at the cuffs. The next inch was harder, it felt twice as thick as Marcus had and she started worrying he might be too big. She thought about backing off, taking another breath before trying again, but then thought the hell with it and started doing one twitch after another, stopping when her nose was where she wanted it, her eyes tearing up.

"Well fuck me." She heard Cybil say from right next to her ear. And she had to pull off or strangle as she started to laugh. She turned her head, wiping a thick string of saliva from her lip and grinned at Cybil, seeing Ardella's head right above hers, but she wasn't sure she could talk right then, so she went back to work. "You go girl, suck that cock." Cybil cheered her on, as she took him down again, a little easier each time, humming and even finding she could kind of throat chuckle after a while. Moaning a little herself as Mason went back at her with a will.

There were sixteen of them at the table counting Danny and the meal was fantastic. Brigid and Abby had both pitched in, but Katey was the maestro, from the perfectly moist turkey with its crispy skin to the green bean casserole, the deviled eggs and potato salad, to the soft buttery rolls. When the pies were brought out, Mason and most everyone else hurt themselves. It was a sluggish group that sat around after, talking and waiting for the time to head to the airport. Marcus loaded the auto feeder for Danny, who was staying home with the sheep. If they took him to the show, he'd have to spend some long days on a leash, something Marcus didn't want him subjected to.

Ben had added an extra pair of men to the roster for the weekend, to keep an eye on the hall itself and to patrol the property in response to David's voice mail. All four men had been told to help themselves to the food left in the reach in, since it would be suspect by the time they got back anyway. Meanwhile, Ben was doing a background check on David to see if there was anything in his past that would indicate he was a real threat. Jess had watched Abby laughing and having a good time, and decided that she would wait until after they got back, before deciding whether to involve her.

Teri had sat next to Shelby at dinner, getting introduced to those she hadn't already met, enjoying all the eye candy. She was hoping for a tour, having heard about the spa and the pool area. But settled for following Shelby to her room so the girl could get her bag and bring it down to be loaded with the rest.

"This place is huge." She told Shelby as they went down the hall. She and Shelby had always been close, Teri watching her turn from a tomboy that was always tearing up dirt bikes and pushing them into the shop for repairs, to the sweet young woman she'd become. Teri had lived in a commune when she was in her late teens, after fleeing a very strict upbringing. And it had been an awakening, sexually as well as spiritually, and she felt like the hall had much of the same vibe. Even Pat seemed to have caught the spirit, and she couldn't help wondering if her young friend was still a virgin.

"It seems like it would be fun," she went on as she followed Shelby into her room., "I know I'd be having fun here anyways." And she wagged her eyebrows at Shelby.

"No doubt." Shelby told her, blushing but smiling. It was the smile that told Teri what she had wondered, there was a confidence there that was new.

"So young Mason must be quite the stud?" she ventured, "From all the smiles and blushes you girls couldn't seem to control whenever he looked your way." And she laughed when Shelby proved her point by blushing bright red. "Relax," she went on, reaching out to grip Shelby's arm, "I'm happy for you. Hell, I envy you." And she told her about her brief try at communal living. "It was the best time of my life." She finished wistfully.

"Why did you leave then?" Shelby wondered.

"I didn't," she answered, "the farm was sold out from under us and it just fell apart. All that free love stuff is fine, as long as you have a roof over your head and a meal now and then. Not to mention a working shower." She laughed, pinching her nose while waving a hand around and Shelby giggled. "Believe me, I'd consider sleeping with men again if that was what it took to have another chance to be free and live that way."

"I don't think I could give up cock." Shelby confessed on an impulse, then blushed and turned away, sorry she had.

"Do you love him?" Teri asked gently.

"Yeah, I guess I do," Shelby told her, "but as a friend. Mason's the best. But his cock, I'm totally in love with that, if that makes any sense?" she shrugged.

Teri gave her a quick hug to reassure her, "I think I understand, and I'm just a little jealous." She admitted with a sigh. "Those kind of feelings have been few and far between for a while now, never get old kid."
