 "How does she keep her job?" Rachel asked, staring at the brunette receptionist as she picked up a bunch of files for the forth time in the past hour.

"She keeps her job", Greg replied, "Because she gives good head"

"What?"

"She's a good cocksucker. That's why we keep her around". Rachel continued to stare at the brunette as Greg walked off. Was it true? Did Lauren only have a job because she was an excellent cocksucker and the men in the office knew it? Now that Rachel thought about it, it seemed so obvious. Lauren was always being invited on business trips to take notes when Rachel, who was a better employee and had been working for the company longer, was lumped with tedious paperwork that kept her at the office well into the night.

Rachel's curiosity kept one eye following Lauren all the time over the next few days, trying to see if what Greg had told her really was true. It was easy to spy on Lauren. She had never been the most perceptive person. However, despite her somewhat unintelligent nature, Rachel found it impossible to prove she really was sucking guys off all over the office. There was no streak of cum on her cheek, no smudged lipstick, not even slightly messy hair. The only hint as to what was really happening at the various 'meetings' was the unexplained grins on the men's faces afterwards. Now that Rachel was looking, she could see that a man would be quite lucky to get a blowjob from a girl like Lauren. She had the face of an angel, with bright blue eyes and a cute button nose. Her lips looked so soft, always colored pink. Her silky, chocolate brown hair hung naturally around her shoulders in waves. However, even with this, her perfect skin and her curved figure, Lauren's greatest physical assets were her breasts. A full d-cup, they were perfectly round and firm, her 23 year old body not showing an inch of sag. Rachel always saw men passing Lauren's desk staring shamelessly down the front of her blouse.

It finally happened one Friday night. Working late, Rachel noticed a light on in one of the offices. When she went to turn it off, she heard voices. She nearly fell over herself when she peered in the door. Lauren was kneeling in front of one of the executives, named James. His pants were around his ankles and his cock was standing tall, Lauren's beautiful hand wrapped around it, spiraling up and down all 8 inches. He groaned as she leaned in and kissed the head tenderly. She smiled up at him sarcastically as said, "I haven't even really done anything yet". And with that she took the first 3 inches into her mouth and sucked deeply. She then began to move her lips expertly along the shaft, only ever working the first 3 or 4 inches while her hands delicately fondled his testicles. She was every bit as good as Greg had said. The penis was almost an extension of her lips and her fluid movements were artistic, like a dance. A beautiful dance of expert oral sex. Rachel was mesmerized by the way Lauren worked a cock that she would have had difficulty fitting in her mouth. The blowjob had only been going 30 seconds and already James' breathing was heavy. Even though his cock was now completely in Lauren's mouth, he could see her smiling around it as she realized he was close to cumming. 

She drove hard, her tongue twisting in seemingly impossible ways, her lips sliding up and down like a jackhammer. No one was that good! How did she do it? This is what was running through James' head as he came. Hard. It was the most explosive orgasm he had ever had and Lauren knew it. It always was with every guy she had ever blown. From where Rachel stood it was impossible to tell who was more satisfied – the man who had just gotten the greatest blowjob of his life from an unbelievably stunning young woman, or the goddess-like woman, who looked to be in total ecstasy as a cock slipped from her lips and she swallowed what was obviously a huge load of creamy cum. James then leaned in to kiss her, only to receive a sharp slap to the face. "I sucked your filthy dick! Isn't that enough?!?" Rachel was nearly knocked flat by Lauren as she stormed out of the room and down the hall, buttoning up her blouse.

To be continued…