 Hi everyone, here's my latest story, hope you enjoy it.

As always, it's fiction; please don't go asking your accountant (or any other person who provides professional services to you) for sex (unless you are already in a sexual relationship with them!) There are laws about that kind of thing! And, believe it or not, not all accountants are like Shell and Nicole!

And if you are an accountant, please check your rules of professional conduct before you engage in new business development strategies. There we go - don't say I didn't warn you!< />

*****

Hi, my name's Nicole, and I'm a trainee accountant. Not the most exciting start you've ever read to a story, I'm sure. I'd love to tell you that it's a job that's more exciting that it sounds, but I'd be lying. My mother and father are both accountants, and they persuaded me to follow them into the profession, hoping that one day I will take over their small accountancy practice. First though, they insisted that I do my training with one of the country's larger firms, to get some experience.

I won't name the firm, and the reasons will become obvious soon. But it's one of the well known ones. You've probably heard of it. I could tell you about the long hours spent looking through company accounts, balance sheets, cash flow, but that's probably not why you're reading this story. If that is why you're reading this story, if that's the kind of thing that turns you on, I'm sorry about that it's not that kind of story. Each to their own, I suppose.

I'll get to the good part in a minute, I promise, but first you probably want to hear a little bit more about me. Well, what is there to say? I'm 22, just out of university. Never super academic, but always been good with numbers, so got good grades. Can be pretty shy and quiet really, though in a room full of accountants I'm probably one of the more extravert. Not really saying much, though.

What else? Brunette, 5' 6". Never been particularly confident about my looks, but people tell me I'm attractive. Tend not to wear much make up, not to make much effort with my appearance, especially at work, though maybe on occasion if I'm having a big night out. Single, at the moment. Looking. Split up with my last boyfriend a few months ago when I caught him in bed with my best friend. She's welcome to him.

You probably want to hear sexy stuff; that's why you're here, aren't you? Well, I'm not a virgin. Lost my virginity at 18 on a one night stand. Hated myself for it in the morning. Swore never to sleep with a boy I'd only just met ever again. And I haven't. You've got to have been dating me a good few months before you get me in bed now. Not interested anymore? Typical. Men!

Anyway, I can't say that I'm particularly adventurous in bed, though ever since a friend bought me a vibrator for my eighteenth birthday I've never been without one. She bought it as a joke; it's kind of a running thing between us now that I pretend it's still somewhere in a drawer, unopened. I'm sure she doesn't believe me. I'm getting wet just writing this now, thinking about her. By "her", I mean my vibrator. I don't have a lesbian thing for my friend.

My vibrator gets plenty of use, especially now I'm single. She sits there on my bedside cabinet, tempting me as soon as I walk into the room. She and I have had some great times together. Much more trustworthy than a boy.

I guess writing this is a sexual thing for me too. I've never been all that much into porn, but I love reading erotic stories, and so after my experience a few days ago - I'm coming to it, I promise! - I thought I'd have a go at writing my own. A couple of paragraphs ago my hand slipped into my knickers, and my clit's starting to feel nice. It's so exciting, not just remembering what happened, but telling people my intimate secrets, knowing they'll never know who I am, and I'll never know who they are.

But I guess we're sharing something, aren't we? I wonder how many guys (and girls?) there are out there now touching themselves, like I'm touching myself? It's kind of weird thinking about it, thinking about you fantasising about me, but kind of a thrill, too.

***

Anyway, about a week ago Rochelle came over to speak to me. Rochelle, or Shell as people call her, is one of the few women in the department. In her late 20s, she's clearly very bright, but also much more confident and outgoing that many of the people in the department. She's got a great record of winning new clients, and encouraging current clients to give us more work too.

"I have a meeting with Brian in a couple of days," she said. "Grant would like you to come to the meeting with me, thinks it would be good experience."

I should explain who Brian and Grant are. Grant is one of the senior managers at my firm. Brian is one of our biggest clients. He is very important to the firm because of the amount of work he gives us, and he knows this very well. He is very demanding, insisting work is done within very tight deadlines, even if it means people working through the night.

Grant introduced Brian to the firm a number of years ago when Brian only had a small business. As the work he gave the firm was pretty basic it was given to Shell, who at the time was quite junior. Brian was very impressed with the speed and quality of her work, and as his business grew, he put more work our way.

"He's just about to buy a chain of fast food places," Shell continued, "and he's looking for a firm to do all of their accounts. He's thinking of instructing us. It will be another big contract for us."

"That should be good news for you," I said, smiling.

"Yes," she smiled back. "I'm sure I'll get a promotion if I can win this work."

I was pleased for her; I like Shell. She always seems to work very hard and her clients always seem to be very happy with her work. There were rumours around the office that the clients liked more than her work, that it was as much down to her looks, but I didn't believe that. It seemed unfair to suggest that she had been successful just because she was attractive.

Anyway, the day of the meeting came around and Shell came over to my desk again, I thought to give me a briefing before we went in. She looked a bit nervous, but that was only to be expected, I thought.

"I'm really sorry, Nicole," she said, seeming sincere. "But I don't think it's a good idea for you to come into today's meeting. Maybe next time."

"Why?" I asked, surprised.

"It's just... it's just that it's a really important meeting - I think it's best I do it on my own," she said, shaking her head.

I tried to argue with her: I was really looking forward to my first "important meeting", but she wouldn't have any of it.

In frustration I went to speak to Grant. He seemed very surprised by Shell's last minute change of heart, and told me that he would speak to her and try to sort it out.

About an hour later, Shell came over to me. She didn't look happy, but she said, "well, you'd better come with me then, hadn't you?"

By the way, I've changed everyone's name, obviously. But apart from that, this is exactly what happened. I'm still gently rubbing myself, if you're wondering - I can feel myself getting a bit wet now, knowing what I'm about to type with my other hand...

So we go into reception and meet Brian. I'd spoken to him on the phone before, but never met him. I was surprised how good looking he was. He was about forty years old, and I don't usually go for older guys, but he was definitely hot. I could see why Shell liked working with him. Maybe that's why she didn't want me to come - wanted to keep him to herself.

We shook hands with him, and he seemed particularly pleased to meet me.

"Nicole, that's a lovely name," he said, and seemed to mean it.

We went into a meeting room and all took a seat. Shell looked increasingly nervous. Still, she opened the folder she had brought into the room containing all the plans and quotes she had prepared. She turned to Brian and handed him a copy of the paperwork.

Brian looked at the papers with a surprised expression.

"What are these?" he asked, confused.

"This is our pitch for your work," Shell said, nervously, not looking at him.

"It's not like one of your usual pitches," he said.

"Well... no," she said, giving him a look I couldn't quite make out.

"Listen, Shell," he said, adopting an exaggeratedly patient tone.

"I know you can do the work, I know you won't overcharge me, we've been working together for the last seven years!"

"I know," Shell said, quietly.

"But I should tell you," he said, his voice staying level, "that there is another firm interested in working for me."

Shell looked surprised.

"They'll do all the work you're doing at the moment, same price, and do this new work for free! How about that?" he asked.

"Well... well... so..." Shell stammered.

"So I have a dilemma," Brian said, smiling. "Do I go for the cheaper option? Or do I go for quality?"

At this point he blatantly looked at Shell's cleavage, and I noticed that she had unbuttoned the top few buttons on her blouse, showing plenty of her generous chest.

"Not now, Brian," she said, glancing over at me. "Not with Nicole here."

"Now that's strange," Brian said, smiling. "Because Nicole being here is part of the attraction for me."

I could feel myself going red. He wasn't really suggesting what I thought he was suggesting, surely?

"You know what to do... if you want my work," Brian said, smiling even broader.

***

OK guys (and girls), it's me again. Well, that was me too, but I'm pausing in the story for a second if that's OK. I wrote the last bit at home last night, but I'm desperate to get more written, and it's quiet at work today. It's an open plan office, but I sit with my back to the wall, so no one can see my screen: I'm just going to keep an eye out as I type for anyone coming over.

I'm so jealous of you getting to touch yourself as you read; I think I'm going to have to nip to the ladies for a quick rub in a bit. Anyway, back to the story...

***

Shell gave him a long look, then stood up. She turned to look at me, clearly not wanting me there, but knowing she couldn't ask me to leave. She approached Brian and reached for the front of her blouse. She was facing away from me, but I could see she was starting to unbutton it.

With the last button undone she shrugged off the blouse, and without hesitating reached behind her back to unfasten her bra. I saw Brian raise a hand to stop her.

"Go stand round there, so Nicole can see too," he said.

Shell didn't move for a few seconds, and I thought she was going to refuse, but eventually she walked round to the other side of him, leaving me with a clear view of Brian, who was clearly very much enjoying himself.

Shell was clearly unhappy with the arrangements, but she reached behind her back again to release her bra. As she let the bra fall from her chest I couldn't help but get a bit excited. I'm not a lesbian, but seeing an attractive woman undress, anticipating what might happen next, I was getting a bit turned on.

Shell didn't attempt to cover her chest, but instead started to unfasten her trousers. I looked at Brian, who was staring at Shell's chest, and followed his eyes to her bare breasts. I don't normally see many boobs in my everyday life, except for my own, of course, so I haven't got much to compare with, but she had a fantastic pair: large without being huge, firm, and - here's the main thing I noticed - the same size.

Whenever I talk to my friends about boobs - not very often, don't get too excited - that's the one thing we all hate about our boobs. I know it's silly - it's not like there's a big difference in size, but my left boob is slightly bigger than my right one, and I feel so self conscious about it when I take my top off in front of a boyfriend.

Anyway, whilst I was marvelling at Shell's perfect rack, she had kicked off her shoes and dropped her trousers. She was now standing there in just a pair of knickers. At least they matched the bra. Things like that are important when you're stripping for a client, I suppose.

I expected her to drop her knickers and finish the strip, but she just stood there, looking at Brian, seemingly waiting for him to make the next move. Eventually Brian motioned for her to step closer, then when she did so he reached out and gave her boobs a squeeze.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Shell was just doing exactly as he instructed, letting him touch her up, all to win some work for the firm. The strange thing was that she didn't seem particularly surprised or offended when he touched her. It was like she was expecting it, used to it even.

Brian turned to me, but as he did so he slipped him hand down the front of Shell's knickers. I stared at her crotch, barely able to believe what I was seeing, amazing she wasn't resisting.

"Have you won any work for the firm yet?" Brian asked me.

I barely heard him, but managed to shake my head.

A slight smile came over Brian's face.

"Did you not know this was how Shell kept my work?" he asked, seeming genuinely surprised.

Again, I just shook my head, watching as Brian rubbed his hand against Shell's vag.

"Tell her, Shell," Brian said.

I managed to bring my eyes up to Shell's face, which was now rather red, though from embarrassment or excitement I couldn't tell. She avoided meeting my gaze.

"Brian likes to have some 'added value' from our service," she said, trying to keep her voice steady.

"It's about giving the client what he wants," Brian said, sounding matter of fact.

He ran his hand round to the side of Shell's leg, taking hold of her knickers, and starting to lower them slightly.

"The customer is always right," Brian continued, slowly revealing Shell's crotch.

"Did you have it waxed specially for me?" he asked, seeming pleased as he saw her crotch was bare.

I just stared right at her mound; I've never had the nerve to shave myself, even though boys have asked me to. I couldn't believe how sexy it looked completely hairless, and I decided that I really should get myself waxed or shaved soon.

Shell giggled a bit, seemingly pleased that Brian appreciated her effort. I suddenly realised that she must have expected this was going to happen. That was why she didn't want me here. But she had given in to Grant's insistence that I come, and was still prepared to give Brian his extras. She must either be desperate for his work, or must secretly enjoy this part of her job.

Brian didn't take Shell's knickers off completely; he left them lowered just enough to show everything. That was even sexier than him having her completely naked. I couldn't believe how cute her vagina was; I totally had vagina jealousy. If fact, I had body jealousy: I wished my body was half as cute as Shell's. No wonder she used it to help her career. I wondered how many other clients got similar benefits when they instructed the firm.

***

Me again. I know, I know, I'm sorry. I've never played with myself in the ladies before, but by the time I got to the point about Shell's knickers coming down, I was desperate for a touch and that was the only place I could have some privacy. I put the lid down and sat on it, pulling up my skirt and dropping my knickers. I was already wet and it felt great to finally get my hand down there.

After a few minutes I heard another woman come in and go into the cubicle next to me. I could hear her peeing as I furiously rubbed my clit, turned on even more by the fact that she was so close yet had no idea what I was doing on the other side of the wall. I didn't quite manage an orgasm; the more I tried the more I worried people would wonder where I'd gone, so I ended up back at my desk even more frustrated than before.

I'm writing this next bit back at home in the evening, sitting in front of my PC naked. My flatmate has a tendency to walk in on me without knocking, and she has walked in on me masturbating a couple of times; we have a kind of unspoken agreement: we never say anything about it, she just leaves and comes back later. Still, it is really embarrassing when it happens, but I guess that adds to the thrill a bit, the risk that she will walk in. Anyway, as I was saying...

***

Brian had Shell bend over the table, arms stretched out in front of her - such an erotic position. I looked up at her face, and saw that she was looking at me, but as soon as our gaze met she looked away. Shell knew what was going to happen next, and didn't look particularly worried by it. I wondered if her boyfriend knew that her working life involved a bit more than spreadsheets and tax returns.

Now Brian stood behind Shell, gently massaging her ample breasts. It was such a turn on, sitting here at work, in a meeting room, watching a client touching up my naked colleague. I was starting to think that perhaps a career in accountancy was not quite as boring as it had always sounded.

I could see that Brian was watching me, a smile on his face. I wondered if he could tell how much I was enjoying the show, I wondered if he realised how wet I was between my legs. My eyes went back to his hands playing with Shell's boobs, and I wished they were mine; I wished it was me standing there, giving total client satisfaction.

Next Brian stood back and admired Shell's bare behind. Then he gave her left butt cheek a hard smack, and the sound filled the room. It seemed so loud I wondered if anyone outside in reception could hear. I bet they would wonder what on earth was going on. Shell let out a slight sound of surprise, but didn't protest. I realised she was totally submitted to Brian; he was completely in control - and I was guessing that she loved it.

Another hard smack, this time to her right cheek, and Shell seemed better prepared for this one, staying quiet; I looked at her face and noticed she was biting her lip. I had a boyfriend who had a spanking fetish once; I never let him spank me, but now I was wishing I had. I've never been a particularly submissive kind of girl, but watching Shell be dominated I was beginning to think maybe I could become one.

He continued to spank Shell, his hand alternating between cheeks, her boobs jiggling with each impact, the sound of his hand hitting her butt the only sound to fill the room. I could see Shell was struggling to keep silent, but clearly this was part of their game. Smack, smack, SMACK, smack.

Eventually a particularly well aimed SMACK elicited an involuntary "ouch!" It was quiet, almost entirely stifled, but not quite enough. Brian stopped spanking her.

"Well done Shell, £20,000 a year extra for this new work," Brian smiled. "You drive a hard bargain."

It took me a second to realise what had happened - then I worked it out. Twenty spanks, twenty thousand pounds. This was how they negotiated how much Brian would pay. Wow. Shell must have a really sore bottom by now, but the smile on her face said that it was worth it. Brian stood back for a few seconds, admiring his handiwork.

Now Brian finally unzipped his trousers and pulled out his erect cock. I've always been a bit of a cock connoisseur; size does matter. I'd once been dating a guy for three months, finally let him take me to bed, pants down, tiny cock. I know it's mean, because he was really excited, but I just got dressed again quickly as I could, said goodbye, and left. He's got a new girlfriend now, one of my friends, actually; she insists he satisfies her in bed, but I'm sure she's just saying that.

Anyway, back to Brian's cock. Let's just say, it looked like it could fill a girl up nicely. If a boyfriend pulled his pants down to reveal that, I certainly wouldn't be running out of the house. I'd be begging him to get it inside me. What a lucky bitch Shell was. I didn't know how many other clients she offered herself to, but I imagined Brian must be her favourite.
