 It has been six years since my husband's death. I do not normally begin on such a morbid note, but I simply wanted to keep you from judging too harshly. My name is Aine. My mother named me after the Celtic goddess of brilliance, splendor and joy. In the Celtic mythology, Aine was a gorgeous fairy who mated with several humans to create a new race of men. I am petite – 5' and I weigh 101. I was fortunate enough to be born with red hair, which places me in a category which occupies less than 1% of the human race. I have round hips, a 24" waist, and ample breasts. My skin is alabaster, punctuated with thousands of rosy freckles. There are many myths surrounding redheads.

I married my soul mate, but he was taken before his time, much to my grief. He was perfection – especially in the arts of love. I was a virgin when we met, but he soon unlocked a passion I never knew existed. I have heard other women complain; their bodies jaded as their memories of sexual delights fade into the realm of routine and old age. I have listened to their laments concerning their over-arduous husbands and boyfriends. I never said a word, for I knew I was different. For me, sex was the greatest of adventures. 

It was over a year ago when my conversation with a dear friend turned to sex. My girl, Sophie, was very unhappy with her husband's advances. "It seems to me our marriage is perfection, save for the physical part. He leaves me alone most of the time, but he is a man. He wants sex. He wants love. I could care less anymore..." I had heard such complaints before, but I listened intently to this woman, for she was as trusted as a sister. I had known her since grade school. I also knew her husband very well. Jokingly, my friend said, "If I could just find a woman I trusted who could pleasure him then our marriage would be sublime. Not a prostitute – someone I knew..." 

Looking back, I sincerely know my dear friend had no such person in mind. She was airing her dissatisfaction. However, there was a long and quiet moment which followed her statement. She looked at me with surmising eyes. She searched for an answer. I watched her face as she put first one thought together, then another. She built up her courage. After all, she knew I would never condemn her. We loved one another too much for such hateful inconveniences. 

"Aine, would you even entertain the thought of pleasing my husband – whom you know I adore. I trust you, Aine. I mean, Andrew is gone, I know, but think about it. Trustworthy sex – you would be doing me an enormous favor! You're the only person I trust! I would be forever grateful – and no harsh feelings ever – if you would do this for me. Aine, please consider doing this for me. I will favor you in any way you desire..."

It took me three weeks to digest such an offer. I ran through the mental tryouts, exploring every avenue of trust, pleasure, difficulty... Sophie was earnest in her plea, and I made up my mind that my long overdue fantasies, combined with my longing for Andrew's touch, could possibly culminate into an occasional tryst with no ill effects. I had never been unfaithful before, and this wasn't adultery. I made up my mind to think of Andrew each and every time. Mixing the old with the new sounded very adventurous, indeed. 

The first time I allowed myself to be "loved" for a little while was when I fulfilled Sophie's wishes. Obviously, Sophie had a conversation with her husband about her idea, and yet his face showed shock and incredulity when he found me on the doorstep. Perhaps, that first time, he still couldn't believe it was true. I was in my turquoise shirtdress – the kind June Cleaver used to wear on television. This dress made my eyes a matching hue. Red hair styled in a Veronica Lake wave, blue dress, blue eyes, kitten pumps, and mascara. I was classic. 

Sophie's husband was Darren. He was a stolid man, having worked in the construction business for years. Married life with Sophie pleased Darren, and his belly showed it's appreciation for Sophie's meals by growing into a lovely bump over his belt. His hair was thinning at the top, and his hands were rough from years of manual work. It was that evening that I learned to look not at the body (for Andrew was an Adonis!) but instead I looked into the eyes, where I found fire and spark. Darren's eyes were ablaze with fear, excitement, anticipation and indecision. I was smitten. 

Sophie, Darren and I ate dinner together, as we had 50 times before. Sophie made lamb and a medley of fresh vegetables. There was wine and tea. We sated ourselves silly, enjoying friendship and laughter. After dinner, Darren excused himself to bathe. Sophie looked at me and winked. I winked back. "All yours," she said with a giggle. She was enjoying this.

Twenty minutes later, Darren was in his room, wearing a towel around his waist. Having nothing to go by, I slipped into his room and quietly shut the door. When the latch clicked, he turned half way and froze. I walked around the bed, standing in front of him. He opened his mouth, but I quickly pressed my finger to my lips. "Shh" I whispered. I patiently untied the bow at my waist, allowing it to unravel. I reached around and unzipped the back of my dress. With a fluid motion, I rolled my left shoulder and felt my dress slither to the bedroom floor. For several moments, I stood posed for him, wearing only my black strapless lace bra, my black lace boy-cut panties and my kitten pumps. His eyes explored every square inch of my body. He stared at me panties, my hips, my flat belly, my cleavage, my wrists, my legs. Darren tilted his head to the right, and so I turned to the side, where he could see me in profile. He took a long look at my round backside, which was toned and filled in the void where my ample hips took shape. I saw the left corner of his mouth draw up into a private smile. 

I was really awaiting some cue from Darren, but after a few minutes it was obvious he was dumbfounded. I walked to him, and placed myself between his legs as he sat in the edge of his bed. With caution, I knelt down, never once breaking eye contact. It was like Darren was under a spell of some kind, and his eyes followed mine. On my knees, I took his big, weathered hands into mine and drew them behind my back. I mimed for his hands to unfasten my bra, and for a second I didn't think he was capable. Suddenly, with nimble accuracy, his hands sprang to life and gently unclasped my brassiere. The black lace fell away to reveal my alabaster breasts. Without looking I felt my nipples harden to the size of gumdrops. Darren tore his eyes away from mine and feasted on the visual contrast between my white skin and pink areolas. He looked at me, almost begging, and I took his hand into mine. Moving his arm, I cupped his hot palm over my right breast. At this touch, a surge of adrenaline permeated my body. My nipples ached. My panties were soaked as my body recounted the ways of desire. I bit my bottom lip and closed my eyes. Darren's other hand copied the first, and without need of any cue, he practiced a tender touch as he rubbed, circled and massaged my breasts. His thumb and forefingers sought my nipples, and finding them, he rolled their textures between his fingers, making me blind with longing. All nervous tension and worry over our encounter dissolved as my body became focused on one thing: sex.

As Darren continued to rub my breasts, I remembered my own hands and realized they had traveled up his muscled legs and beneath his towel. Curving my hands to fit the shape of his thighs, I allowed them to follow his form until they met in the middle. Without seeing him, I felt his hardened cock as my fingers brushed past. Without thinking, my right hand encircled it, and I squeezed him for good measure. His shaft throbbed and swelled yet again. My fingers did not touch, for his girth was too vast. I opened my eyes and stared at the terry towel. My left hand pulled gently at the fold, aiming to release his covering. I succeeded, and I was greeted with a vision of glorious proportions. The head was incredible. My mouth watered. I licked my lips. Darren moaned. I looked up at his face, seeking his eyes. They were glassy and distant, under a spell. With a hoarse whisper I asked, "What do you wish?"

Darren slid his hands down to my waist and lifted me up from the floor. He stood and turned, with me in his hands, and set me on the bed. Darren knelt down and caressed my thighs. He nudged my legs apart. I looked down between my legs to see his swollen dick glistening as it waited for a turn. After that vision, the top of Darren's head came into view as he pushed his face into my heated pussy and ate as though starving. His tongue was so hot, and it circled my clit over and over, speeding up and slowing down, stopping, plunging into my folds, then flicking my taut pink button with a feverish pitch. I was so wet, I felt myself soaking the sheet beneath me. Finally, I could sit up no longer. I fell backward onto the bed, and Darren hooked his arms around my thighs. His tongue entered my pussy and worked my body into overdrive. I wiggled with intense pleasure. I was moaning uncontrollably. Out his tongue came, and he used two fingers to spread my lips apart. With a touch as light as air, his tongue grazed gently over my swollen clit, electrifying every nerve possible. I began panting heavily, with quick, jaunty breaths. I prayed he wouldn't stop. Darren knew – he knew I was cumming. He tortured me with a lick so light, so soft, circling and caressing my clit until I felt my womb draw itself into a familiar knot. Circle, circle, circle... his hot breath baptizing my pussy. Coiling into knot upon knot, the spring broke lose as I came with a force so incredible, it was almost painful. I bucked, lifting my hips off the mattress. I shuddered over and over, my spasms coming in wave after wave. Darren held tight, plunging his tongue in and out of my hole. He drank every drop as I came in his mouth. Over and over I spasmed, shuddered, came – hot wetness dousing his chin. My entire body was tingling. My feet were numb. Unable to take anymore, I pushed his arms away. Even after his touch was removed, I continued to have orgasm after orgasm. 

I never forgot why I was there, so I raised my head and winked at Darren. He grinned and immediately placed himself on top of me. I looked down, between our bodies, and saw his giant member bobbing in recognition. I threw my head back, closed my eyes and opened my legs. Darren's left arm slid under my waist, and he lifted me up off the mattress a few inches. I felt the head of his cock kiss my pussy. It was wet and slippery, and it rubbed up and down for a few seconds, seeking its goal. I motioned my hips down and met his cock with the wet center of my quivering pussy. He slowly pushed forward, and my velvety pink pussy lips welcomed him with a very wet kiss indeed. I felt every inch of that magnificent staff as it slowly moved inside me. At first, it took a few seconds of pressure, for Darren was well endowed and I was tight. I feared he wouldn't make it, but I coaxed him with whispers of encouragement. "Ohhh, harder, yes...push...that's it. Don't be afraid...Make me feel you...All of you..." 

The more I talked, the harder he became, so I continued. "Darren, I want your cock inside this hot pussy this instant. I want to feel you cum inside me like you've never done before. Give me that huge dick, Darren. I love your dick, Darren. Make it cum, make me cum all over you..." With a jolt and one last push, Darren's cock was all the way in. He was enormous. His erection filled my pussy and the ribbed texture of that incredible head made me come all over him before he even got started. He laughed a quiet laugh as I felt my own pussy contracting around his steely rod, milking it as I came. Then, with a precise motion, Darren began moving inside me; in and out, in and out... Drawing the head to the entrance of my pussy, but never fully exiting. Thrust in, slide out. The pleasure was insane. I raised my hips, placing my feet on the edge of the bed. Darren's knees were on the edge of the bed, supporting him. As I arched my back, the head of his dick repeatedly rubbed my G-spot while his pubic hair tickled my clit. The sensation was more than I could stand and after four strokes – four – I came for the sixth or seventh time. Darren grunted, and I knew my latest orgasm had pushed him to his limit. His thrusts increased with speed, his breathing was heavy. I whispered, "Cum inside me...cum for me! I wanna feel that huge cock fill me up!" His cock was like wrought iron and it stretched me as it moved. Darren moaned, gasped and then his entire body went rigid as he came hard. My pussy felt jets of hot cum, torrent after torrent, filling me up. It was incredible. His cock throbbed and pulsed, emptying itself of all those months of pent up frustrations and longing. It was, quite frankly, delicious. 

We lay there for a long time, together, without saying a word. With his member still inside me, we lay next to one another. I felt the slow, lazy dribble of our fluids as they flowed from me to the bed sheets. I felt him grow softer and smaller with each passing minute. I was in a daze, still euphoric after such an encounter. I was satisfied. I felt good. I felt useful. I felt like I did each night after making love with Andrew. I felt dreamy. I must have dozed for a short time because Darren's light snoring awoke me. Carefully, I rolled away from him, covering him with a comforter. I found a towel in the master bathroom and cleaned myself. I could barely touch myself – I was raw from stimulation. Once clean, I dressed and left the bedroom. I found Sophie in the living room, watching a movie and reading a murder mystery. She looked up at me smiling. "Have fun?" she chirped.

I felt like teen on a first date and blushed. Sophie howled with laughter. "Aine! How can I thank you! And Darren will be in the best mood tomorrow!! I may even talk him into buying me a new stove! How can I ever repay you dear?!" 

I giggled myself and blurted out, "Take me with you on your trip to Greece next year, please! I'll pay my own way!"

"No need, dear. I'd be happy to take you! Perhaps Darren wouldn't mind, either..." At this Sophie winked. 

And thus began my adventure as the Trusty Tryst!