 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not. 

*

I hate conducting audits. It isn't something I ever wanted as part of my job responsibilities and I'm not really sure how I ended up getting stuck with it. Spending a week in a conference room going over other people's work and making sure they followed the proper procedures and protocols is definitely far from fun. If I hadn't been assigned a co-auditor, I probably would have ended up quitting. Actually, I might still have had to quit if my co-auditor hadn't been like-minded when it came to audits. When I say like-minded, I don't just mean about how loathsome performing an audit is; I also mean that she was of the same mind about breaking up the monotony of an audit with sex. It didn't take long after the first time we were stuck in a conference room together before we'd locked the door and were fucking each other.

Jenn definitely wasn't hard on the eyes and we did enjoy each other's company even when we weren't fucking. She had a nice figure and her tits were a bit above average in size but, most importantly, she was as horny as I was. It wasn't even like we were gazing at each other across the table as we were working; we'd work hard for a while, get a lot done and earn ourselves a respite, which made the work go faster and the job easier to tolerate. Our routine didn't vary much but there were definitely some audits that were more memorable than others. One in particular that stands out was the first time she surprised me with a garter belt under her skirt.

"Ready to take a break," Jenn said, smiling at me and knowing I was always ready.

"Sure," I replied, smiling back, so she got up and closed the conference room door, quietly turning the bolt. We always requested a conference room with a lock on the door, ostensibly to retain the integrity of the audit when we stepped out. What I'm sure a lot of people didn't realize was that we used the lock a lot more when we were still in the room. Jenn came around to my side of the conference table and sat on my lap, immediately starting to kiss me as one of my hands began caressing one of her breasts through her blouse. I could feel her hard nipple so I was soon unbuttoning her blouse and slipping a hand inside. Her nipples felt as though they were ready to burst through her bra, just as my cock was feeling ready to burst from my khakis.

We always tried to dress for easy access on audit days and Jenn didn't disappoint as I located the front clasp of her bra. I popped it open, exposing her succulent titties, caressing them as we continued to make out passionately. She moaned softly as I ran my palm over her hard nipples and I knew her pussy would be overflowing with juices which I also knew I'd be lapping up momentarily. I could have fondled her tits while making out with her all day long, but I knew this wasn't the time or place for indulging myself. I brought my hand down from her tit to her thigh and, as I ran it up under her skirt, I encountered the top of her stocking. I had assumed she was wearing thigh-highs given our easy-access dress code but I felt something else before I reached her pussy. I moved my hand over and discovered the garter attached to the top of her stocking and ran my hand up, over her panties, to find the garter was coming down from a garter belt. This I had to see.

I pulled my mouth from hers and she smiled a sultry smile at me then helped as I boosted her onto the table. She leaned back as I started to slide the hem of her skirt up her legs, revealing more of her black stockings. As the garters came into view, I did not believe my cock could become any harder. I pushed the hem of her skirt up around her waist and admired the lacy garter belt and matching panties as well as the elastic garters connected to the tops of her stockings. After a moment, I started to slide her panties down and she raised her ass up off the table to assist me. Her trim, brown bush was revealed, looking as scrumptious as it always did, so I slipped her panties the rest of the way off and set them aside. Spreading her legs apart, I lowered my head toward her pussy and ran my tongue up her slit, causing her to suck in her breath.

Her pussy was practically overflowing and I wondered if any of that was anticipation of my reaction to her stockings and garters or possibly just from wearing them. Either way, I started slurping up her nectar as she leaned back farther while subtly rocking her hips. She finally just lay back completely while holding onto my head as I ate her pussy. Glancing up, I could see that her arms were squeezing her tits together so that they were peeking out of her open blouse. I focused on getting her to an orgasm so I could release my cock and slip it into her to get some relief, myself. I slipped finger into her hot, slick pussy while concentrating on licking and sucking her clit as she let a soft whimper escape. I knew it wouldn't take long for her to cum and that it wouldn't just be due to my ability when it came to eating pussy. The longer I ate her, the more pronounced the movements of her hips were becoming. I could also feel her pussy becoming even hotter and wetter than it already had been.

When she was starting to tense up, I knew that she was right on the verge of cumming. I continued what I was doing since it appeared to be doing the trick and it was just moments later when all of the tension suddenly left her body. With a gasp, she started to tremble, still holding my head in place, as if I might suddenly decide I needed to be somewhere else. I continued eating her pussy as she rode out a long and intense orgasm, raising my head only once I was certain that she'd finished cumming. I sat there for a moment longer, still admiring the garter belt and stockings as well as her trim bush as she caught her breath. Finally, I stood and started to open my pants.

With her pussy right on the edge of the table, I was able to easily guide my throbbing tool into her, causing her to moan softly again. I hooked her legs over my arms so I could pull her toward me as I thrust into her, rather than having her slide away across the tabletop. Her hot, slippery pussy felt outstanding as I started to slowly fuck her, savoring the pleasure while watching her titties bouncing with my thrusts. When she brought her hands up to caress her tits, my view was impacted but I wouldn't say that it was negatively since watching her caressing her hard nipples was equally arousing. Of course my attention would also drop down to observe my cock sliding in and out of her pussy while appreciating that her pussy was framed by the garters and garter belt. I was in my happy place without a doubt which I wouldn't have considered a possibility at one time in the same room that I was conducting an audit. Thanks to Jenn, the performance of an audit had not only become tolerable but something I actually looked forward to occasionally.

Jenn appeared to be in her happy place, as well, based on the expression on her face. Mostly she was smiling but occasionally a look of sheer pleasure would overtake her visage. Of course I was pleased to be responsible for providing that pleasure that she was experiencing and knew from our discussions that she enjoyed our audit trysts as much as I did. My pace was gradually increasing the longer I fucked her and her pussy continued to feel spectacular. I would have been content to continue fucking her like this until I came, but she had something else in mind. When she reached out her arms, I wasn't sure if she wanted me to lean in to kiss me or what so I just leaned down to see. She wrapped her arms around my neck and brought her lips close to my ear.

"Lift me to the chair," she whispered, "so I can ride your cock."

I released her legs and wrapped my arms around her, then lifted her off the table and backed up until I felt the chair behind me. With my cock still embedded in her, I sat with her on my lap and she smiled before kissing me again. As we went back to making out, she got her position adjusted so that she could start moving up and down on my cock. My hands went up under her skirt to caress her bare ass with the garters stretched across it. She started out slowly but, as she got a good rhythm going, increased her pace. My hands stayed on her ass, caressing the soft, smooth flesh until she really got moving and I knew that her tits were probably bouncing significantly. As I relished the feel of her hot pussy sliding up and down my shaft, I brought my hands around to stimulate her hard nipples.

Her pussy continued to feel even hotter and wetter the longer she rode me and I'd determined after the first few times we'd been together that, after her first orgasm, each subsequent one required less time and effort. I had no doubt that she'd be cumming again before I did, which was fine with me because it allowed me to relax even more knowing that she was satisfied. It also was not unusual, if she'd cum a few times before I did, for her to then lavish attention on me and make sure I had a momentous orgasm. I was more focused on playing with her tits and exploring her mouth with my tongue than with pushing my cock up into her so she really was setting a pace that worked the best for her. I was, of course, savoring the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my tool and could feel the beginnings of my orgasm stirring up.

When she finally dropped down hard on my lap and remained there, I could feel her body trembling as she came. I continued to fondle her tits, but she'd pulled her mouth from mine and pressed it against my neck to stifle the moan that wanted to slip out. Her orgasms were typically long and intense when we were together, which made me feel pretty good that I could do that for her. When she finally finished cumming, she sat there for a moment as she caught her breath, then climbed off of my lap and immediately dropped to her knees before me. I leaned back and watched as she took my cock in her hand, pumping it briefly before wrapping her lips around it. I had to stifle a moan myself as she engulfed my tool in her hot mouth and started moving it up and down while continuing to pump the base.

I definitely enjoyed having my cock in Jenn's mouth as much as I enjoyed having it sliding in and out of her pussy. She lacked nothing when it came to sucking cock and there were times that, when she'd been sufficiently satisfied, she would put her talents to work drawing out the pleasure I was feeling longer than I would have expected that I could last. There were many occasions that I wondered whether she was getting as much enjoyment out of sucking my cock as I was getting out of having my cock sucked. The pleasure was definitely compounded by watching as her mouth slid up and down my tool or as she pumped it in her delicate hand while licking and sucking my balls. Time was always of the essence during these sex breaks when we were doing an audit so, even when it felt like she was drawing out the pleasure forever, in reality we never allowed too much time to pass.

As my cock swelled even more and I suppressed the desire to moan out loud, Jenn kept up her cocksucking and I was soon shooting my load into her mouth. She never paused or hesitated; she just kept sucking my cock even as she was swallowing down my load. When she finally let my spent cock fall from her mouth, she was typically pulling herself back together pretty quickly after that. I took only a brief moment to recover before I was getting myself tucked away and making sure I was presentable once again, too. We'd give each other a once-over before unlocking the door, then it was right back to work.

The day that she wore the stockings and garter belt was atypical in that, once I knew what was under her dress, I couldn't stop thinking about it and I kept wanting to see it again, which led to more sex than usual. Typically we'd take just a couple of sex breaks during the audit, once in the morning and once in the afternoon. It was probably not much more than an hour after she'd swallowed my load that morning when I just couldn't resist anymore and feigned dropping something so that I could crawl under the table and push her skirt up to her waist. We didn't even close the door this time as I pulled her panties aside and licked her dripping pussy. She tried to remain looking as though she was still working in case anybody passed by the doorway but, below the table, she was gyrating her hips toward my face. I was licking and sucking her clit while fingering her slippery pussy, wanting to give her an intense orgasm but wanting to give it to her quickly.

She reached down with one hand and held my head against her pussy as I felt her body trembling so I kept eating her until she went limp. As soon as she'd recovered enough, she rolled her chair backwards, got up and went to close the door. I crawled out from under the table and, when she came back from closing the door, we started making out passionately. She went right to work extracting my throbbing cock and, after briefly pumping it in her fist, turned and bent over, leaning on the table. I squatted behind her and raised her skirt up around her waist then ran my hands over her ass before sliding her panties down. She stepped out of them as I caressed her ass and briefly licked her pussy again, then I stood behind her and guided my cock into her hot, slippery pussy.

As I slowly fucked her, knowing I'd have to pick up the pace pretty soon, she slipped a hand back between her thighs to stroke her clit. I thought about reaching up to caress her tits, which were no doubt swinging as I started fucking her harder, I but kept my hands on her hips instead and just watched her ass jiggle slightly each time my hips tapped against it. Since she'd just cum moments before and her pussy has already been dripping before that, I knew it wouldn't take much to get cumming again, especially with her fingers caressing her clit. As I fucked her harder and faster, making her ass jiggle even more, my own orgasm was building as a result of her hot pussy, which was only getting hotter.

I was right on the verge of blowing my load inside her when I felt her body start shaking. Her orgasm sent a fresh flow of lubrication into her pussy and almost caused me to moan out loud. I was spewing before she even finished cumming herself. I continued thrusting into her until I was completely spent then slipped my cock out and turned to sit on the edge of the table beside her as I caught my breath. She straightened up and kissed me briefly before reaching for her panties and quickly stepping into them. On the occasions when I blasted a load inside her, she typically zipped off to the ladies room to clean up so that it wasn't dripping out of her for the rest of the day. I got myself tucked away so that she could open the door and dash off and was back to work when she returned.

By the time we were back to work after a lunch break later that day, I knew that there was something I was going to have to ask from Jenn or I'd certainly regret it. We were making good progress on the audit despite the extra break so I was confident we could take a little additional risk with our break that afternoon.

"I have a favor to ask," I told Jenn when I couldn't wait any longer.

"Anything," she said with a smile, "I really mean that."

"Would you completely strip off your skirt and blouse so I can see you in just your lingerie?" I asked.

"If you hadn't asked," she replied, "I would have anyway so I could show it off."

She got up and went to lock the door then started to unbutton her blouse. I noticed as she opened it that her bra matched the garter belt and panties, which hadn't occurred to me before. No wonder she wanted to show off the full set. She slipped out of her blouse, hung it over the back of a chair, then reached back to unzip her skirt. Her tits jiggled as she shimmied her skirt over her hips before letting it drop down her legs. I ogled her cleavage as she leaned forward to pick up her skirt then she hung it with her blouse. She looked outstanding as she modeled for me in her bra, panties, garter belt and stockings and my cock was fully rigid. The question was just how to fuck her and still enjoy her outfit.

"How about if we clear a spot on the table and I ride you?" she asked, as though reading my mind.

We cleaned a few things up as I continued to ogle her hot body in the sexy lingerie then I climbed up onto the table, leaving my shoes on the floor and quickly slipping out of my khakis and underwear. She climbed up and straddled me, starting in a squat over my cock as she pulled her panties aside and guided my cock to her pussy. I watched as she lowered herself onto me and my cock was engulfed below her trim, brown bush. Once again she was incredibly hot and slippery and, as she started to slowly move up and down, the pleasure was exceptional. She immediately started rubbing her clit with the fingers that weren't holding her panties aside but I was just watching, still taking in her body in her lingerie. As she got a rhythm going and was riding me harder, I was focused on her bouncing tits, still encased in her bra.

I was pushing my cock up into her each time she came down on it and I could hear her soft moans each time. Her eyes were closed but she had a big smile on her face so I didn't think that there was anything else I needed to do. Mostly I was just enjoying the feel of her pussy moving up and down my tool and the sight of her bouncing titties. As she rode me harder and faster, I could tell that she was quickly approaching another orgasm but I was just feeling the stirrings of my own. Perhaps her tits were hypnotizing me, but it wasn't difficult to decide what to do once she'd cum in order to get myself off. When she dropped down on me and just sat there, I could see her trembling as she came. As usual, her orgasm appeared to be long and intense. When she finally opened her eyes again, she had to blink several times before her head cleared.

"Want to trade places?" I asked once I was sure she was back to herself. She smiled and nodded then climbed off of my cock. I got up and we briefly kissed and groped each other before she was on her back and I was straddling her ribs. She unfastened her bra and, as I was laying my cock between her tits, she was bringing them together on either side of it. I started to slowly fuck her tits as I gazed down at her large areolas and hard nipples. The soft, smooth flesh of her cleavage against my cock quickly had my orgasm building again. This was not an activity that we often indulged in and, when we did, it was more often with me sitting and Jenn kneeling before me while sliding her tits up and down my tool. This way, though, when I could tear my gaze from her tits, I could still glance behind me to see the stockings and garter belt, as if I needed to get any more fired up.

As I got closer and closer to cumming, I knew I had the option of cumming on her chest, which would be an incredible sight but would require her to clean up. Instead, when I was right on the verge of blowing my load, I extracted my cock from between her tits and guided to toward her mouth. She released her tits and reached for the base of my shaft with one hand as the other cupped my balls. She closed her lips around my shaft and I savored the pleasure of being engulfed in her hot mouth. I slowly fucked her face as my cock swelled even more while my orgasm continued to build. She pumped the base of my cock and caressed my balls, drawing my orgasm out even faster. When I started to spew into her mouth, biting back a groan, she swallowed my load and continued to suck my cock until I was completely spent. I moved off of her and sat on the edge of the table as she sat up, her tits bouncing.
