 My name is Aine, and if you haven't met me before now, allow me to introduce myself. A very young widow, I am a petite redhead with a few curves. It was not long ago when a friend asked me to do her a "favor". I did that favor, and I have been doing "favors" ever since! This journal entry recounts a follow-up trip with my dear friends Sophie and Darren. They took me to Greece!

Long story short, Sophie and Darren made good on their promise to take me with them on vacation this spring. I had never been to Greece before, so I was thrilled by the anticipation. I did secretly wonder if Sophie would ask me to grant her any more favors while we were globetrotting...I almost hoped she would after my encounter with her husband! What are trips for, if not to make memories?!

By day four Darren arranged for us to rent a yacht so we could tour the islands at our leisure. Our triad up to this point was friendly and joyful -- savoring much sightseeing and shopping. Nights were filled with fine dining, some dancing and lots of laughter. I did note this morning, however, that Darren mentioned how close our living quarters would be aboard the yacht.

"Isn't she beautiful?" Darren said as he helped Sophie and I carry our luggage onto the yacht. "I've already been downstairs -- wait'll you see the bedroom. Think there'll be room enough for all of us?" At this he caught my eye and winked.

I was completely smitten with the sea. Azure blue coastal waters, magnificent scenery and a sense of history made the first day on the yacht perfect. I suffered no seasickness, which pleased me greatly. My dreams of traveling the world now had a starting point. It was our first evening aboard the yacht -- which was day four of our trip -- that proved most interesting. After a delicious dinner of fresh seafood and a few bottles of wine, we were all giggling and flirting. Sophie kept leaning on me and wrapping her arms around me.

"Darren, love," Sophie said in her girlish tipsy slur, "This girl is my fave, you hear me? Aine -- I love you. You are the best friend a girl could have..." I always hugged her back, enjoying the feel of her soft cashmere cardigan in the cool night air. She smelled like Chanel and wine and friendship. 

Darren interrupted our hug, cutting in so he could put his arms around me! "I think you mean woman, Soph. Best friend a woman could have, right Aine?" I felt myself blush. Too much wine always made me blush. 

Darren and Sophie and I talked and laughed on deck for two hours. The stars were brilliant and the salty breeze was cooler than I expected. I sat with my knees tucked in my arms. Sophie fell asleep on one of the benches. She was nestled in a pile of pillows and she looked angelic as she slept. After a few moments of quiet, Darren reached over and caressed my cheek. He whispered softly to me.

"Aine love, take my hand..." I accepted his extended hand. I love men's hands -- it is a weakness of mine. Darren's were large and rough, yet warm and strong. He lifted me into a standing position and I held on as he led me down into the main bedroom. I knew what he wanted and I was more than ready to make it happen. In fact, I was wet the second he took my hand. 

The main bedroom was a cozy, intimate collage of teakwood and brass and clean white linens. I felt like I was in a James Bond movie. Darren turned to face me and held his finger to his lips. "Shhhhhhh." He grinned. He was also a bit tipsy!

I watched as Darren removed his pants, then his socks, then his underwear. This was comical since he had to, at one point, stand on one leg like a stork to remove his pants. The boat's gentle motion caused him to wobble more than once as he undressed. I giggled a lot. With his white polo shirt still on, I looked down and saw his erection bobbing in excitement. My mouth watered. I sat on the edge of the bed. Darren removed his shirt and gestured to me. "Next." he said.

Still sitting, I shimmied my bottom until my sundress was no longer held captive beneath my derriere. Looking Darren in the eye, I slowly removed my dress, pulling it over my head with one fluid motion. I reached back and unfastened my strapless bra, tossing it on the shiny wooden floor. All that was left was my pink thong. Looking up at him with my best big innocent eyes, I said,

"You'll have to figure out how to get these off....I can't seem to manage it." Darren didn't hesitate. He knelt down before me and pushed his hands beneath me, cupping my ass. He lifted me and I was standing with his face pressed against my crotch. Darren took my thong in his teeth and began pulling them down, one side at a time, until the pink cotton thongs were wrapped around my thighs. With his hands on my hips, he pushed me onto the bed and then kissed my stomach until I fell back onto the mattress. There I was, lying on the bed, knees bent and a thong holding my thighs captive. 

Darren ducked between my knees and came up between my thighs, with my thong acting like a sling at his back. His hands still on my hips, he got down to business. With the first thrust of his tongue I gasped out loud. I hadn't had sex since I met Hugh at his office six weeks before, so my pussy was extremely sensitive. Darren's tongue pushed into my wet pussy, probing every nook. He then ran his tongue up my slit, finishing the trip with a magnificent lick over my throbbing clit. I was breathing heavily and I started to shake. I knew I would cum before we even got to his turn. 

Darren licked me like a lollipop, his hands squeezing my thighs and my ass. With each pass over my swollen clit, I was closer and closer to a screaming orgasm. The tension in my abdomen was ridiculous! I wanted his cock in my mouth. I wanted his cock in my hand. Hell, I wanted his cock IN ME! Lick, push, squeeze. Lick, lick, lick....I was getting ready to cum. By now my eyes were closed and I could only see fireworks. I was delirious with pleasure. I couldn't remember my own name. Darren knew I was ready to explode so he slowed his pace. A slow lick, then a gentle swirl around the base of my clit. This was agonizing. I broke.

Darren! Please!! Please put your cock in! PLEASE!" I sounded like I had run a marathon.

"Please or what?" Darren mumbled...his tongue on my clit. 

"Please or I'll cum on your face! Is that what you want? Oh GOD! Too... late!"

Lick.

"Darr - - "

Lick. 

He performed another slow swirl around the base of my clit while humming a low vibrating moan, deliberately pushing my senses into cum overdrive. My eyes closed, his tongue in my pussy, and the sensation of someone's hot mouth sucking my left nipple...was I hallucinating? It was too late.

"Oh God! I'm...I'm....Ahhhhhhh!! OH Darr YESohoh!" 

"Cumming?" Darren finished. My hips bucked while my legs shook from pure pleasure. My orgasm shot through my body, radiating from my wet pussy lips to the top of my head and the bottoms of my feet. I shouted. I came all over Darren's face and he licked my cum as I writhed in his arms. I finally had to push his head away using both hands! When I opened my eyes, I saw Sophie. I was shocked. She was naked on the end of the bed and she was fingering herself. It was obvious she had just had an orgasm of her very own.

"Sophie?" I said with wonder.

After my triumphant orgasm at the mercy of Darren's mouth, he and Sophie fucked like wild animals as I watched in admiration. I had no idea Sophie got her groove back -- but I was thrilled to see their naked bodies writhing and pushing -- there is nothing in the world like watching live sex right in front of you. 

After Darren's escapade with my pussy, it didn't take he nor Soph long before they came in unison -- Darren grunting and Sophie letting out a high pitched scream as Darren's cock filled her gorgeous pink pussy. It was a huge turn on. Watching his erection pound her into submission was something I hoped to see again and again.

An hour later I came out of my room, my silk robe wrapped around my body. Darren was passed out on the bed. Sophie was sitting on the edge of the bed, wearing a thin and sexy gown.

Sophie sat on the edge of the bed, her silk gown a pearly gray against the burgundy comforter. She was lithe and elegant, her furrowed brow the only misdemeanor on her face. Soph was 13 years my senior, but she never looked her age. She took my hand into both of hers. 

"Aine, I am sorry....I got carried away with the moment..." She was soft in tone. I placed my left hand on top of our other three.

"No -- No apologies. It was thrilling. Don't ever be sorry for living in the moment! I do not accept your apology. I am more sorry that I was caught off guard -- you gave me butterflies you know. I've never had a woman suck my tits before!" I grinned. She looked surprised. She squeezed my hand and continued. 

"I saw the two of you there -- thinking I would peek in like a kid spying on their parents through the keyhole -- and the scene took my breath. When I saw his face buried in-between your legs, and the look on your face -- I almost came in my panties! It was like something took over my body -- I could not stop myself. You and he -- like one -- sweating and breathing and I had to be a part of it. Aine -- I knelt down beside you both and your tits were right there -- amazing. I couldn't stop staring at them...." She paused long enough to swallow.

"Have you," I asked carefully; "Have you ever been with a woman before?" I was dying of curiosity . I needed to know. Was it me? Was it a fantasy? She looked me right in the eye and after minutes of deciding whether or not to speak, she spoke.

"I was a sophmore -- God that was YEARS ago! How stupid. I had this... encounter, shall we say?" She shifted in her seat, giggled in the back of her throat and stared out the window. I looked over to see the sunrise tossing orange glitter upon the water. It was gorgeous. I felt her sigh. She spoke in a dreamy slur.

"This girl -- she was beautiful. I had always thought so, but she had no problems keeping a boyfriend. I had never thought of her THAT way -- you know -- sexually. A woman can look at another woman and appreciate her beauty. Anyway -- long story short -- she and I ended up in a situation after school one day. We were both in the locker room -- just us -- and I had to shower before leaving school. I had a date that night, and I knew I wouldn't have time to clean up when I got home. I had just finished practicing for a track meet. I stripped, jumped in the shower stall and turned on the water. I remember pushing my face into the shower stream -- which I still love to do..."

I nodded in agreement. I love that feeling, the water washing over my face, washing away the day's dirt. I watched her talk.

"I was there, with my eyes closed, empty thoughts, and I felt two hands very gently run down the length of my hair -- as if they were preparing to braid it or brush it. Of course, I was nude and in the shower and my hair was wet. I turned around slowly and opened my eyes. It was HER. She was staring at me, trembling. I had no idea what was going on -- I was speechless!"

Sophie continued; "She was naked -- totally naked and my eyes wandered down to her breasts. God, they were gorgeous. Her areolas were a dark mauve and the size of silver dollars. Her nipples were hard -- water dripping off of them. I couldn't hear anything for the water and then -- just like that -- she kissed me on the mouth. She wrapped her arms around my neck, pulled herself close and kissed me like I had never been kissed before." 

She stopped talking, but I could see was continuing the movie in her thoughts. I realized how horny I was -- imagining these two pretty girls together in the shower, nude, breasts rubbing against one another as they French kissed. I was smitten with the idea and wished now that Sophie had continued her participation earlier tonight. She simply stared out of the window, reliving the moment. 

My eyes wandered down the sleeve of her silk gown until I saw her nipples, erect and pointing the way through their veil. Sophie turned slowly from the window, as if in a daze, and with her mouth slightly parted I could stand it no more. I moved forward and placed my lips onto hers, my tongue taking advantage of her shock. Her lips were thin and soft and my tongue found its way into her magenta moans. Three strokes and my tongue slid to a halt, resting lightly on her molars, waiting for a response. 

Two heartbeats and then she agreed. Her tongue slid slowly against mine, reciprocating my touch. My abdomen tightened as adrenaline flooded my veins. She pushed deeper inside my mouth, penetrating my thoughts. What was this uncontrollable feeling? How addictive was this heat of trying something new, something forbidden, and something so intense? 

And then, just like that, I came. Without warning, my pelvis tingled and I came so hard I bent forward, pushing into her shoulder. My spasms were so strong they caused me to involuntarily break our kiss. I was sobbing in ragged breaths. I marveled at my ability to cum so hard without ever being touched! 

Trying to gather myself I moaned an apology. I looked up and couldn't tear my eyes away from Sophie. Her face was masked in what could only be described as lust. She watched me -- it was obvious she knew I'd just had the most incredible orgasm. I was still panting as I grabbed her hand and whispered, "Show me."

Without hesitation she took my arm and pulled me up. I followed her to the shower where we wordlessly stripped. Bare and shaking, Soph stepped into the shower first and turned the knobs. Soon the stall was steaming and I watched as she pushed her face into the shower stream. 

As if on cue, I stepped in behind her and ran my hands down the length of her hair. Slowly, she turned and her eyes wandered to my nipples. Water dripped off of them. I folded my arms around her neck and placed my mouth on hers. I kissed her like she'd never been kissed, and she returned the favor. 

I let her take the lead. What was I doing? I had never been with a woman before. I let my instincts dictate. Sophie pushed her tongue deep inside my mouth. I heard nothing except the sound of water and my heart beating in my ears. Taking my right hand into hers, she cupped it around her left breast. I let the left hand follow and soon I was kneading her magnificent tits, enjoying how firm they were.

I knew now why men adore our tits. I wanted to stare at them, play with them for hours. I wanted to lick them, suckle them and caress them some more. My thumbs found her nipples and I toyed with them, swirling them in a circular motion. I flicked the water from their peaks, then pinched them between thumb and finger. 

I bent over, water running down my back, and savored the first nipple I had ever tasted. As it entered my mouth, I touched the tip with my tongue. She moaned. Her hands playing with my hair while my hands cupped and squeezed her amazing tits. I drank them in as if I were thirsting to death -- I couldn't get enough. Licking, sucking, grazing my teeth over her tiny pink erections. I thought of how much I loved having my own tits fondled and I used my experience to bring her pleasure.

Sophie's hand lifted my chin. I saw her mouth come towards me, kissing me hard. I was against the shower stall wall, her hands on my chest. Once again taking my hand in hers, she moved our hands down to her pussy. It was time to get creative. For a second I watched her cup my tits and begin licking my nipples. I was hypnotized by her tongue lapping the water off my little pink erections. I was so horny. I was in agony. 

I remembered my hand and concentrated on the task of fingering Sophie's wet pussy. My goal was to make her cum hard. Palm flat against her mound, I rubbed downward, caressing her lips. They were slick and soft -- and completely hairless. My middle finger found its way into her cleft and went deeper with each consecutive pass. I could feel her clit growing and each push allowed my middle finger to delve deeper inside her female sanctuary. God how good her pussy felt in my hand!

Sophie was moaning and grinding her pelvis with the rhythm of my hand. Both of us soaking wet, she abandoned my tits and knelt before me. With both hands she spread my pussy lips apart, exposing my erect clit. Moving her head to the side, she watched as a stream of water from the shower head danced over my quivering clit! I was overwhelmed by the sensation and my breath caught in my throat.

"Not yet!" Sophie demanded. She quickly stood up and faced me. My back against the shower wall, she pressed her body up against mine. Hot, wet and slick, our tits rubbed one another and Sophie put her hands on my ass. I put my hands on her ass and what happened next blew my mind. Sophie spread her legs, opening her pussy, and began grinding her clit into mine. 

Our wet mounds pressed together to form a slippery friction. First, Sophie rotated her hips in a circular motion, causing our clits to kiss one another in a game of chase. I spread my legs shoulder width apart to accommodate my throbbing pussy. Our juices mingled like honey and I felt every grinding pass as we rubbed our lips, hips and clits together in harmony. 

The sensation was more than I could take. I felt myself building to a crescendo of pleasure when Sophie changed the game. Now she rubbed our pussies together in an up and down motion! Our pussy lips enveloped one another and with each pass, our clits were on fire! Grind, slip, a sexy suction sensation and a jolt of electricity. Faster, faster until my clit felt like it would explode!

Grabbing her ass, I moaned her name, then I threw back my head and shouted, "OhhhSophie!! YES! YES! I'm CUMMING!"

Sophie was breathing heavily as she panted in my ear, "I love fucking your hot pussy -- I love making you cum all over my pussy...Let's cum together best friends cum...YES...YESSSSS CUM FOR ME!!!! GOD YES AINEPUSSYCUM!!!"

Our dripping wet snatches locked in a frenzy of friction, Sophie came harder than I ever knew possible! She screamed and so did I! I felt her clit -- hard like a tiny pebble -- shudder against mine and I followed suit. The pleasure of our orgasms almost blew us apart! 

We held on to one another like shipwrecked survivors as our bodies throbbed, shook and bucked. My fingers dug into her shoulders while Sophie left white fingertips on my ass. The water was cool now -- which felt amazing against the sweat and heat of our skin. After a few minutes, our breathing slowed. 

Sophie wrapped me in a wet hug and laughed! "Oh my god Aine! Oh god...and to think Darren missed THIS!!"

I laughed like a school girl. "Well," I said, "We'll just have to show him again later!"