 All the characters depicted in this story are 18 years old or older.

*

Luisa Estevan had been flying with Amanda for almost seven years. When their rotation had them on the same flight they were known as the 'Dynamic Duo' which was really more of a reference to their chest size than to the girls themselves. Many a first officer had gone to great pains to shift his schedule to wind up on a lay-over with the 'Dynamic Duo'. When those two were flying together the friendly skies could get a whole lot friendlier. Their adventures both in the air and on the ground had become legendary.

So when Amanda told Luisa about the 'try-outs' and what she and Jenna were up to, Luisa was only too happy to lend a hand, so to speak.

Poor David probably had one of the worst night's sleep of his life after Jenna left him. He was plagued with dreams about humungous line backers bearing down on him while his legs were stuck in glue and he couldn't escape. Then he had disjointed dreams of Jenna riding his cock or beating him off in the shower and he'd wake up with an aching hard-on that seemed to take forever to go away.

It was probably about five in the morning when he finally drifted into a deep slumber. The next thing he knew it was seven and he was waking up and not really sure where he was.

Shit! He wasn't late but he'd have to hurry to get himself organized and over to the field house. Still he couldn't help but take a little extra time in the shower. With all his exertions of the previous night his whole body felt like it had been beaten with a hard rubber pillow.

He showered with alternate streams of scalding hot and icy cold water and eventually he began to feel half human again. He was totally pre-occupied with his plans for the try-outs when he wandered out of the bathroom with a big hotel towel snugged up around his waist.

But he stopped in his tracks at his first step into the bedroom.

His bed was mostly made up and stretching across it was a woman who was tucking in the upper corners of the sheets.

David looked around the room in confusion and noticed a basket with dusters and bottles of cleaning materials on the chair by his desk as well as a pile of clean bath linens. She must be the housekeeper.

He looked back and was going to say something when he noticed that this maid was doing something unusual. Unusual in the sense that she wasn't actually doing anything. She wasn't making the bed. She was just leaning on it with her eyes closed as if she was deep in thought. She had a mane of satiny black hair that was hanging down and partly obscuring of her face so David wasn't totally sure of where she was focused. 

He was trying to figure out what she was doing while he looked at her more closely. And as he did that it struck him how attractive this woman was. She wasn't old but she wasn't young either and even bent over the bed she seemed to be quite tall.

She was wearing a grey, mid length nylon skirt that was stretched tautly around a wonderfully rounded ass. Above her very slender waist, she was wearing some kind of black spandex top that was clinging to two spectacular breasts. The top had a circled neckline that displayed a lot of those generous orbs as they swayed beneath her bent over frame. David was mesmerized by those two rounded globes swaying like bells. He wondered why they were rippling and heaving so deliciously.

Then he noticed that the maid was propping herself up with one hand while the other one was shoved deep up under her skirt. The way her arm and the rest of her torso including her lemon drop ass were moving, there was only one thing that she could be doing. She had to be diddling herself.

The naive young man from Minnesota was stunned at this realization. His cock responded before he did, quickly stiffening up at his loins into a major boner. David felt it and was immediately afraid this woman would see him standing there with his big stiffie. He stifled a gasp and quickly shifted the wrap on his waist to hide his hard-on, bumping into the door frame as he did so.

The maid must have heard him because her eyes flew open as she turned her head and spotted David standing there.

"Madre de Dios!" she yelped in a little shriek, jerking upright with arms flying as she backed away from him. She stared at him wide eyed for a second and then scrambled behind her to her basket by the desk. She came up with a little clipboard and looked at it anxiously.

"Senor Winslow? David Winslow? I am the housekeeping. I am...ahhh... this block of rooms would be to make up early. I'm so sorry. I knock. I call you, no?..." the dark haired woman asked anxiously.

"Unn No! I was in the shower. I didn't hear you come in. I was supposed to be out of here I guess. I just got a little held up. Ahhh....I'm almost done... Luisa..." David stammered, catching the woman's name on the little brass emblem on her chest.

He was pretty flustered and having trouble responding to the maid because she was so incredibly good looking. Although she was considerably older than he was, she had a tight little body and the most amazing pair of tits under her form fitting top. Those two conical jugs were wobbling in the most distracting way and David was having a hard time looking her in the eye.

Luisa noticed his distress and allowed a little smile to turn the corners of her mouth.

David felt he should say something more and without really meaning to he asked.."Are you alright? I guess you didn't hear me earlier because you seemed to be...I mean...I didn't see anything but I thought you might be...I don't mean that you weren't busy...at work...I mean...It doesn't matter I guess...I hope you don't think I'm prying...I just thought...Ahhh..." he groaned, wishing he'd never started this line of conversation at all.

But Luisa looked at him with eyes that had started to blaze. She pulled her shoulders back and stood in front of the gaping young man defiantly. She had decided to play this out as if she were Daisy Fuentes, the sex-pot siren on 'Amas de Casa Insensibles'. It was a steamy Spanish soap opera that Luisa was pretty sure David had never seen back in Bimidji. Daisy was always seducing somebody's husband or boyfriend and ruining their lives.

"Ahhh...No. You saw what you saw. It should not have been. I am sorry for that Sr. Winslow. It's just a crazy thing. Last night my husband, Ramon, he says to me he wants to have sex. Aiee...Men can be so.... Anyway I tell him no. I have an appointment today with the gynecologist. That is right yes? Gynecologist? Anyway I can't have sex and go to the gynecologist. I don't want the doctor to see me like that. But Ramon he says it doesn't matter and we will have sex. And I tell him no, and we have big fight. I tell him it takes three months maybe more to get an appointment with the gynecologist but he is such a pig he doesn't care. He just keeps arguing about the sex. But I am not going to give him any and so we just go to bed."

"Then, very early, when I am still asleep, he gets on me and he puts it in and he is fucking me just like he wanted. And then I wake up..."

David is enthralled with this story and the way that Luisa is telling it. She has her arms folded across her stomach, but her hands are moving constantly at her sides as if she's just barely able to keep from caressing herself. And of course her big jugs are bulging out of the neckline of her shirt as Luisa compresses them between her arms. And as she speaks she is slowly edging closer and closer to David.

"And then I wake up and I realize what he is doing, that he is in me with his big cock and that he is fucking me even after I told him no. So I get very angry. I tell him to stop and try and push him off. But Ramon is very much bigger than me. He just holds my arms and laughs at me and he keeps doing it until he finishes inside me. And then he pulls it out and lets me go and he gets up so that he can start getting ready for work."

Luisa was now standing very close to David and the smell of her perfume was overwhelming him as she went on with her story.

"But now he is done and I have only just woke up and when he pulls it out I am all full of his hot juice and this makes me very horny. So now I want it, so I tell him to come back to me, to finish what he has started and that bastard, he just laughs at me and he tells me I shouldn't be such a bitch."

Luisa wasn't the only one who was having an arousing morning. David's cock was ready to burst and even with the careful arrangement of the towel around his groin it was still making a pretty impressive bulge through the material.

"And so I come here to work. But just one hour ago Ramon is fucking me and leaving me like that. I can still feel his heat and when I'm making your bed I can smell the smell of a man and inside me there is this need. And I am thinking of his being inside me, and I am needing that, and then...and then I hear your voice, and then I see you..." she murmurs, looking down with a smile at his rigid tool jutting through his towel.

"And now I see you and I see that you are such a man too..." Luisa purrs, slowly reaching into David's crotch. And then her hand is closing on his balls through the towel and squeezing them.

"And I am thinking that maybe you won't laugh at me Mr. David just because you have such a big cock..." she purrs, shifting her hand from his balls to his hard-on. 

"You won't be such a bastard will you mister?...Not like my hibrido husband Ramon!... I want you to fuck me so much!"...she said, moving her clenched fist on him in short, hard hand strokes.

David was beginning to wonder if he was still asleep and dreaming. This woman was gorgeous and she clearly wanted him to fuck her. But things like this just didn't happen to him. And this on top of Jenna last night was making him wonder if Texas wasn't some sort of parallel universe to Minnesota.

But the nagging pain that was radiating from his overworked testicles was real enough. He had already been royally fucked in the last twelve hours and he knew he should be focusing on the try-outs and not more sex. But this woman in front of him was just incredibly hot. He already knew what he was going to do even before he did it.

And Luisa knew it too. She was remembering a recent episode of "Amas de Casa" where Daisy seduced young father Rivera in the vestry of the church on the eve of the Feast of the Immaculate Conception. She remembered Daisy's lines perfectly as she pushed David back against the wall.

"Forgive me father...I mean David, for I have been so sinful. I am a bad woman. I have had so many men between my thighs. Men I have known a long time and men I have just met. Men who are standing with their woman and I will whisper in their ear and soon they will leave their woman and come to me. And I will meet them in an alleyway or in a small room..." Luisa murmured in David's ear just as Daisy whispered to Father Rivera. And just as Daisy's hand had found its way under Father Rivera's cassock, Luisa's was sliding under David's towel.

"And they will lay between my legs David or they will press me up against a wall. And I will take them in my hand to feel their strength. Oh yes father...David...like I can feel your strength..." Luisa purred as she slowly closed her little hand on his erection and gave it a torrid squeeze. She raised one leg up his side and tilted her loins into his. 

""Oh my God!.." David gasped as Luisa pulled his cock down and guided it up under her skirt. When she steered his knob into her greasy slit he realized that she wasn't wearing any panties. He thought he would explode when her meaty labia unfurled around his buzzing cock crown. 

"So many men David! So many big hard cocks inside me! And they don't think about their wives when they come to me like this. They will only think about Luisa's pussy. Their hands are rough but they tremble as they touch me..." she purred, as David placed his shaking hands on Luisa's curvaceous hips.

Luisa moved her lips very close to David's ear as she continued..." and when they enter me they are always so rough, so ...eager...so ...Yesss!... Like that!..." Luisa hissed as David bent his knees and rammed himself all the way up inside her in one feverish lunge. She was tall enough that he had to strain upwards on his toes to fully penetrate her. It was just what Father Rivera had done to that slut Daisy Fuentes when she teased him in the church with the long litany of men she had fucked. 

Luisa smiled at the way David gasped and trembled in front of her as she clenched herself tightly on his impaling spear.

"Nahhh!...Luisa!...Ohhh!..." he groaned, excited beyond belief by this Latin beauty's lewd seduction. Her juicy cunt had parted effortlessly ahead of his cock, sheathing him in an incredibly hot and clinging tunnel. And he was incredibly turned on by the way she was talking to him like she was telling him a story about someone else even though she was the one who was screwing him there in his hotel room.

Helplessly he started driving himself up into her seething pussy, working his hips in and out like a rabbit in heat. And Luisa was loving it. She grabbed David's shoulders and leaned back slightly, opening herself fully to the young man's frantic penetration.

"They fuck me like a whore, like a slut father...David...not like they fuck their wives, their girlfriends...Like ...you're... fucking... me... now!...Yesss!...Like that!..."." Luisa taunted, moving one hand down to David's hip and jerking him hard, again and again, into the saddle of her loins.

David whimpered as his balls drew up agonizingly tight and his come churned for release.

Luisa felt it and she raised her bent knee even higher and pressed forward with her hips to skewer herself completely on David's shaft.

"They fill me and stretch me with their cocks!....And never will they fuck their wives again without thinking about their fuck with Luisa!...They will close their eyes and they will think about coming inside me!...So much come inside me Father...David...so much come running out of me... dripping down my thighs!..."

David gasped as Luisa writhed above his loins, her molten tunnel twisting and squeezing his angry cock. She had him pressed so tightly against the wall that he wasn't able to swing his hips up and down as he wanted. He could only strain upwards on quivering thighs into the depths of her womb.

She moved her lips to his ear once again. "And they always come so fast... the first time!..." she purred, as she reached under her swiveling ass and cupped his balls in her hand.

David couldn't stop himself when she did that. He locked his hands on her ass through her nylon skirt and pulled her hard against him. He sucked in a gasping breath of air as his testicles convulsed and a fire bolt of come rocketed into Luisa's pussy.

"Phwahhh!...Nahhhh...Ahhhh!...'" he cried as a devastating orgasm wracked him. The very first jet of come was volcanic, a fireball of sperm that burned through his cock. The spasms that followed after that were so excruciating that he had to lean back against the wall behind him for support. His balls immediately began to pain him.

"Yesss!...That's it!..." the dusky temptress purred, her eyes hooded with her own excitement at the feel of David's big cock squirting inside her. That first big jet of sperm had burst against her cervix, setting off a mini orgasm of her own in response.

"Yess!..." she intoned again, bearing down on him to milk his pulsing tool.

"Oh Godd!...Ahh!...Ohhh!..." David whimpered. A queasy nausea gripped him with every spasm of his balls. The gushes of come that followed the first one were much smaller and weaker than the first. But Luisa managed to keep a steady stream oozing out of him by squeezing and releasing his cock inside her in time with his wrenching spasms.

"Ahhh!...Wait!...I can't do this!...Nooo!..." David groaned, just like father Rivera had done as he helplessly emptied himself into Daisy's irresistible loins.

Luisa smiled at David's distress. Amanda had told her that her daughter was going to work him over the night before. Luisa imagined that the hunky young man that was fucking her would have been more than a little wasted when Jenna was done with him.

But Luisa had promised Amanda that she'd have this young quarterback crying like a girl before she let him go. And she was just getting started.

She waited a few moments longer until David's erection stopped pulsing inside her. She could tell he was finished for the moment. She gave his balls a quick, sharp twist to be sure. Although this made him gasp and wince, it didn't elicit any further outpouring from him. 

She let go of David's balls and swung her raised leg back, gracefully dismounting him. She looked down at his groin and smiled to see that he was still rock hard. That was perfect. That would make everything that much easier.

"Mister David!...You are so much more...muy fuerte...than my bastard husband! You will still fuck with Luisa for just a little more now, le pida usted por favor..."

As she started edging back towards the bed, the voluptuous beauty grabbed the bottom of her shirt and ripped it over her head. Then she grabbed the waist of her nylon skirt and ripped that off (CVC - Convenient Velcro Closures). She was left standing in front of the wide eyed young man in a red satin thong and a matching, miniscule satin bra. David had been wrong. She was wearing panties. But her thong was so tiny it was little more than a gossamer ribbon. It wasn't surprising that in his earlier excitement he had bulled right past it and into her pussy.

Luisa's eyes sparkled as she studied the condition David's rigid cock was in. It looked like you could hammer nails with it. His whole length was chafed and raw, the head an angry crimson color. But still that indomitable erection jutted out from his groin, visibly throbbing with arousal. She didn't know if it was the after effects of the Viagra or just his youthful enthusiasm and frankly, she didn't care. 

Her pussy gave a juicy little twitch of anticipation as she eyed his rampant meat. She turned her eyes back to David's as she cupped her melon sized breasts in her hands and lifted them up to him like an offering.

"Por favor Mr. David. You cannot leave me like this. I am burning up to have your big cock inside me again. Do not be a bastard to me now..." she pleaded, dropping onto the bed and scrabbling backwards like a crab. She kept her knees spread wide and her hands lifting her jugs in invitation as she pushed herself back to the center of the mattress.

David's jaw literally dropped at this lurid display. He haltingly moved towards Luisa, his extended dick preceding him like the prow of an ocean liner. But even though he was still stiff as a board, he didn't know if he could do it again or not. And aside from that he knew he was getting late for the try-outs. But the buxom older woman sprawled on the bed in front of him was an incredibly distracting temptation. She was making it impossible for him to think clearly.

"Luisa...I have to get going...Really...And I wouldn't want to get you in any trouble..." David murmured. But even as he was saying he shouldn't, he was getting on the bed on his knees and crawling toward the dusky beauty.

Luisa reached out and grabbed him by his tool. With her other hand she pulled her thong aside and pulled him to her beckoning center. A huge jolt of excitement lanced through David's loins at the sight of her parted slit gleaming with their juices.

"No Mr. David...Is all very good!...You will see..." Luisa enthused, squirming toward him and raising herself onto the end of his jutting tool.

"No trouble mister...Just do it to me...Ahhh!...Si!...Ustes es Ton Grande!...Yesss!..." Luisa squealed as David hunched forward and jammed about a third of his length into her seething interior. 
