 THIS IS PART FIVE OF AN ONGOING STORY

So on the day before my 23rd birthday, my friend Kat had driven up to Fresno from Pasadena, and offered me her virginity as a birthday present. At first I had felt bad about taking it from her, but she made such a convincing argument – including the fact that it was her birthday present to herself (her birthday falls three days before mine) – that I eventually agreed. After she left at about 3:00 PM, I had showered, sat down in front of the TV, turned it on – and promptly fallen asleep.

I was awakened at midnight by a knocking on my door. I woke up, checked the time on my clock, and saw that it was now – if just barely – Sunday, November 21st, my 23rd birthday. Who the heck would be at my door at this time of night?

I turned off the TV, and walked over to the door and opened it – and there was Erin, dressed in her ankle-length trenchcoat. That seemed weird, because it had been warm that day, but having been asleep for the last nine hours, I had no idea how cool it might have gotten. "Hi!" I said. I certainly hadn't expected it to be her!

"Hello," she said in a sultry voice. She dropped the trenchcoat to the floor – and she was wearing nothing beneath except for a pair of stilleto heels and a red ribbon around her neck.

"Happy birthday."

Now this I couldn't believe. Erin was standing in my doorway, butt naked, except for spike heels that made her taller and made her appear to be even sexier than she already was, and a ribbon tied around her neck – she almost looked like a gift wrapped present, except with just the ribbon and no wrapping paper.

Apparently amused that I was just standing there in shock, she said, "So, are you going to invite me in, or am I just going to stand here in your hallway naked?"

"Um, c-come in!" I stammered. This was just too much to believe.

"So," said Erin, the familiar evil grin spreading across her face. "Do you like your birthday present?"

"Well, it looks pretty damn good," I said. "However, I haven't tried it out recently, so I don't know how well it performs."

"Hmmm," she replied, with a look of complete innocence on her face. "Well, let's just say there have been some… modifications… made since you last gave it a ride."

HOT DAMN! She HAD been doing Tara's exercises!

"Well, perhaps I should test those modifications out," I said. "They may impress me."

"Okay," said Erin. "But I think you need to warm it up first."

I looked at her with a confused look, completely blank.

"Oh, come on," she replied. "I've sucked your dick a lot, but I think that you've gotten your tongue near my pussy all of once, and that was only for a few seconds."

OH SHIT. I had NEVER actually performed oral sex on a woman before, so I didn't really know what to do. However, there was no way I could just tell Erin that.

"Ummm…" I said. "Give me a minute… I'll be right back."

I ran into my bedroom and shut the door behind me. SHIT. Crossing to my computer, I did a Google search on the "Tongue Tornado" – the epic oral sex from the first American Pie movie. Amazingly, there was actually a website that described how to do it.


Thank God for a photographic memory. I looked at the steps a few times, committed them to memory, then shut down Internet Explorer and ran back out into the main room. Erin was still out there, but now she had sat down on the couch, crossing her legs in such a way that I could just barely see her pussy and get a glimpse of her luscious ass.

"Okay," I said. "Let me give this a shot."

Oh shit. I didn't mean to say that part out loud. Fortunately, she didn't seem to notice. She just laid back on the couch – the couch that Kat and I had fucked on ten hours earlier! – and spread her legs.

Tentatively, I moved in, not quite sure if this was going to work or not. On top of my nervousness of doing this, I had heard horror stories from my friends about how pussies sometimes smelled – like rotten fish, or just like absolute shit, or just so bad that they almost vomited. However, Erin's did not smell like any of those things. It smelled a bit musky – almost like Old Spice – with a bare hint of a sweet, honey-like scent to it. All in all, it was rather enjoyable, actually.

Moving in closer, I closed my eyes, trying to read the list of instructions in my head. I extended my tongue as far as it would go and stuck it into her pussy. Going step by step down the list of instructions, I worked my tongue until it was tired. It seemed that I wasn't getting any results, but it seems that this thing is actually a cumulative effort – nothing seems to happen, and then an incredible amount of accrued stimulation is just released, because Erin suddenly went into one of the most violent orgasms I've ever seen.

"Oh FUCK!" she screamed loudly, as she climaxed. Without warning, she ground her pussy into my nose and squeezed her legs together. I suddenly couldn't see, I could barely breathe, and I couldn't hear. Fortunately, this only lasted for a few seconds, until she finished climaxing. Her body released its grip on me, and I pulled my head out. My face was absolutely drenched in her juices, and the front of my hair was dripping down over my forehead. I stood up and gave her a, was that really necessary? look.

She opened her eyes and looked up at me. Seeing my look and my wet face, a sheepish grin spread across her face. "Did I do that?" she asked. "If so, I'm sorry… although that was the most incredible orgasm I've ever had."

I couldn't help it any more. I just started laughing and shook my head. At that moment, there was a knock on my door.

I crossed to the door and opened it just a bare crack, just enough to see out. Bill, one of my residents, was standing outside, with a very concerned look on his face. "Uh, Jason, are you all right? I heard a really high-pitched scream come from your room…"

"Yeah, I'm fine. Nothing happened."

"Are you sure? I mean, it sounded bad."

Exasperated, I stepped out in the hallway, my face still wet. "Bill, let me explain something, okay? As of twenty minutes ago, it is my birthday. My girlfriend is here."

Wait a second, did I just call Erin my girlfriend? That was something I hadn't called her – or even thought of her as – up until this point. Up till now, we had just considered each other our "fuck buddies."

Nonetheless, as I was caught up in this train of thought, Bill realized the state of my face, and the full impact of my statement sunk in. A knowing smile spread across his face. "Ah, I see," he said. "Well, happy birthday… don't have TOO much fun."

With that, he took off down the hall. I stepped back into the room, to see Erin with a somewhat amused, somewhat pensive look on her face. "Did you just call me your girlfriend?" she asked.

"Well, yeah," I said. "It just came out, and it seemed natural to say. I'm sorry… did it offend you?"

"No, not at all," she said. "In fact, I've been meaning to talk to you about that – I mean, we've been fuck buddies for the last month – well, kind of since Labor Day weekend – but, it really seems like there's something more between us. Yeah, we have great sex, but at the same time, we have such a great friendship – it really seems like there could be something more."

"Yeah," I agreed. "I'm just not sure if I'm ready for the commitment of a relationship."

"Well," she said, "I've found that there's no litmus test for whether or not you're ready like meeting the other person's family. Thanksgiving's this Thursday – how about I come home with you to Pasadena on Wednesday, we go to your family's Thanksgiving dinner on Thursday afternoon, drive to Glendale, and spend Thanksgiving night and Friday with my family?"

Well, that could work. If we were comfortable with each other's families, then I think we'd definitely be ready…

"However," she said, "we're really off the topic here. I came here to deliver your birthday present – would you like to accept it?"

"Why yes, of course I would," I replied with a laugh.

Erin stood up, a smile on her face. She crossed to me and kissed me, deep, and hard. Then she stopped, licked her lips, and smiled. "So that's what I taste like," she said. "I always wondered." She returned to kissing me, all the while manipulating my jeans until they fell down around my ankles.

"My, my," she said. "A man after my own heart – going commando."

Hmmm. Wonder how I forgot about that – no boxers when I got out of the shower? But I came up with a retort quickly. "Maybe I got a little tired of sex with you destroying my boxers," I replied with a laugh.

Laughing, Erin shook her head, and then turned her attention to my cock. It was still at about half-mast from when I ate her out, but it was starting to go soft. However, as soon as she touched it, it shot up to full again. Holding my cock like a leash, she gently guided me into the bedroom. Lying me down on the bed, she straddled me, but didn't quite come down on top of me.

"So," she said, "I heard from Tara all about the prostate ‘exam' and the other things that happened, and how much you enjoyed it all."

WHAT THE FUCK?!?!

Seeing the shocked expression on my face, she went on quickly. "Oh, don't worry," she said, "I'm not mad. There was no commitment of any sort between us at the time, and since Tara was able to help me with something that will definitely improve our sex lives, it's definitely for the better."

Laughing, I just shook my head. Erin smiled, and sat gently on my chest. Rubbing her slit against my chest, she slowly slid her way downwards, until my cock rested in the crack of her ass. Then, lifting herself up, she slowly moved backwards and down until her pussy entirely enveloped my cock.

She was still just as tight as before, but there was something different this time – and then, I realized what it was, as she turned loose the ripple that Tara had showed me. "Oh my God," I gasped.

"Hmmm," she said with a giggle. "Jason likee!"

"Hell yes," I replied.

Erin responded by doing a series of ripples up and down my cock that had my gasping so much I thought I was going to start hyperventilating. Then, she slowly started pumping up and down, lifting just the slightest bit up off of my cock and then coming back down, but with the ripples going at the same time, it felt like she was going the entire length of my cock.

Then, the evil grin got wider on her face. She leaned forward, her breasts dangling in my face – but I knew that wasn't her purpose. She had something else in mind, and that was confirmed as she gently reached under my ass and slowly drew one of her fingernails around my asshole. Then, just as slowly, she slid the middle finger of her left hand up my ass and started very gently massaging my prostate.

Between the ripples and the prostate massage, the pressure in my cock was building to an unbelievable point – even more so than with Tara. Just when I thought that for sure my cock was going to explode with the cum building up inside of it, she pressed just a little harder on my prostate and used her pussy to apply just a little more pressure to my cock.

I felt like a cum grenade had exploded in my nutsack and was spraying liquid shrapnel out through my cock. The orgasm was so intense that my back arched, pushing my body up into the air. Unprepared, Erin was knocked off of my cock, but she quickly grabbed it, aiming the spray of cum into her mouth. She caught most of it on her tongue, with a stray strand landing on her cheek.

As my orgasm subsided, I laid back on the couch, completely drained. She quickly swallowed, then smiled at me. "Well, that was fun, but…"

Aw, fuck. For the first time since we had been having sex, I had failed to make Erin orgasm during a sex session. "Aw, damn, I'm sorry," I said. "I just… I just don't think I have any more after that…"

"Hmmm," she said, the evil grin back. "Well, then, I'm glad Tara taught me this trick…"

Reaching under me, she gently slid her middle finger up my ass again, and pressed on my prostate. Almost immediately, my cock jumped to attention.

"What the – how the – that's impossible!" I stammered!

"Well, apparently not. Not only that, but since you JUST cummed, you should be able to last a while."

Well here was an opportunity like no other. "Alright," I replied, "but there's something else I want to try."

"What's that?" asked Erin.

"All will be revealed in the due time," I replied mysteriously. "For the moment, just get on your hands and knees."

Erin complied. I knelt behind her and quickly and forcefully rammed my cock into her pussy. I took her with hard, fast, deep strokes that rapidly brought her to orgasm. However, unlike the first time we had done doggystyle, I knew to grab her shoulders and support her as she cummed. As she finished cumming, I didn't slow down – but then, I suddenly pulled my cock out. At this point, it was quite wet and well lubed up.

Very gently, I lined up my cockhead with her tiny pink asshole. Applying just the slightest bit of pressure, I forced just the head inside, and she gasped.

"Are you okay?" I asked, a little concerned.

"Yeah…" she gasped. "It feels… it feels great…"

Well, in that case…

I began massaging her clit to prevent her orgasm from dying completely and to make her loosen up a little. Little by little, I was able to slide my cock inside her asshole, until I was completely inside of her. The tightness of the hole was incredible. She gasped again as I began to withdraw my cock, but I could tell by the sound of the gasp that it was from pleasure, again.

I pulled my cock almost all the way out, leaving just the head inside her asshole. Then, slowly, but not quite as slowly as the last time, I pushed it all the way back in. As I pulled out this time, I could feel her relaxing and loosening up a bit. With the next push, I was able to go faster, and with that, I was able to begin establishing a rhythm.

Without ever letting up off of her clit, I continued to fuck her in the ass, going a little faster with each time. As I was approaching my climax, she moaned, "Oh God, I'm cumming again."

As she cummed, her asshole without warning tightened just as I was pushing in. That was more than enough to cause me to cum, and I shot my load right in the depths of her ass. As she continued to cum, so did I, until my dick was pumped dry. I slowly slid out of her, and as I did so, she turned over, smiled at me, and reached up to kiss me.

I kissed her deeply and slowly. When we separated, I looked at the couch and noticed a small white puddle forming under Erin's ass. "Hmmm," I said, "that might stain."

Erin looked down and laughed. "But was it worth it?"

"Oh hell yes," I replied. "It was more than worth it."

Erin stayed that night – a total violation of the co-habitation rules of my hall, and me an R.A. Like I gave a fuck.

Well, I guess you could say I did – several times that evening. Erin and I fucked twice more before we fell asleep, and then every time one of us woke up during the night, we would wake the other up and fuck, for a total of three more times.

The alarm went off at 8:30, but failed to wake me up until 9:05.

"AW SHIT FUCK!" I yelled, hitting the alarm.

"What is it? What's wrong?" asked Erin sleepily, as she woke up.

"Church. Church in twenty-five minutes," I replied. "And we were up most of the night having sex!"

I'm the pianist at my church, and Erin's the lead vocalist, so it would simply not do for us to miss church. Really, we were supposed to be there five minutes ago, but there was nothing we could do about that. Then I realized something.

"Shit, Erin, all you have is your trenchcoat!"

"Not to worry," she replied. "I brought a change of clothes – just in case something like this happened. But first we both need to shower."

With no time for us to shower separately, we hopped in together. As we were standing there getting clean, I realized that Erin looked unbelievably hot with water dripping down over her. My cock obviously realized this as well, because it quickly came to life.

Erin looked down and laughed. "You are a horny bastard, aren't you?" she said. "You've cummed how many times in the last nine hours, and yet you're still coming to life?"

"What can I say?" I replied. "I know a beautiful woman when she's naked in my shower…"

"Maybe we should do something about that…"

That was all she had to say. I grabbed her, pushed her up against the wall, crouched down, and forcefully brought my cock up into her pussy. "Oh," she gasped, as I began thrusting as hard as I could. With her throwing in a pussy ripple every so often and me thrusting with all my might, it was a bare two minutes until we were both cumming. As we orgasmed together, I kissed her as hard as I could.

When I pulled out of her, cum dripped out of her pussy, congealing on the floor of the shower. We finished cleaning up as quickly as we could, and as I got out and shaved, she dried off, threw on her trenchcoat and ran downstairs to her car to grab her change of clothes.

We were both dressed and out the door by 9:25. I sped all the way to the church (fortunately, it's close), and we got there at 9:29. As we both ran in the door, we got several looks along the way. I took a moment to look at us both, and I realized that despite our best efforts to get tidied up, we both looked rather unkempt – quite frankly, like we had been having sex all night, including once within the last half hour.

As I slid down the piano bench and blasted into Bach's Second Prelude in C Minor, I looked over at Erin, and she mouthed something to me – three simple words that gave me goosebumps all over…

I love you…