 All the characters depicted in this story are 18 years old or older.

*

David Winslow was trying to act cool despite his excitement. He had made the short list of athletes who had been invited to try out for the University of Texas football team. A lot of players had been scouted but their ranks had been thinned drastically. Only thirty or so freshman scholarship candidates were invited to Austin to display their skills in front of the entire coaching staff. After a full three days of try-outs, only a third of them would be offered scholarships and a spot on the team's roster next fall.

The boys were being put up in style at the Grand Hyatt just minutes from the school and the athletic complex. It was the Wednesday night 'Welcome' party and there were a couple of hundred people in the ballroom of the Hyatt schmoozing before the trials began the next day. A lot of the young men had come with their parents but David only had his mom and he knew she didn't think they could afford for her to come all the way out to Texas for a long weekend. Each of the potential scholarship athletes was being introduced around by either a member of the coaching staff or one of the Alumni Boosters.

All these young man were being considered by more than one of the top universities. When the U of T decided who they would select, they wanted to be sure that that student/player didn't opt to take an offer from another school. So the boys were being dined and entertained royally.

David was a quarterback and he had taken his Bemidji Bengals to the state championships. Although they hadn't won, the Bengals had finished with a 9 and 1 record, the first perfect regular season that the Minnesota team had had in fifteen years.

There were a number of colleges that would be happy to get him but he really wanted to go to U of T. And so he was smiling and shaking hands and trying to make interesting small talk but really he was thinking more about the next three days of try-outs.

Jenna Banes and her mother Amanda had both spent a lot of time in front of the mirror in their room at the Hyatt, getting ready for the reception. This was the big event and they were both excited about the evening and the rest of the week.

Jenna had been going out with Brent Travis for almost two years now and she and her mother had a plan.

Brent had been the quarterback that took the Abilene Eagles to the State Championship and won it two years in a row. This was his week to nail down his scholarship with the U of T. Both Jenna and Amanda looked at the U of T football program as a stepping stone to the NFL. That was where the big money was and that's what they wanted. Brent had the talent and Jenna had the ambition. She and her mother wanted out of the Abilene trailer park they called home and they were determined to help Brent make the team in any way they could.

Amanda's ex-husband was a U of T graduate. The vivacious mother had met a lot of his buddies over the years and although she didn't talk to her ex, she still knew people at the school. It wasn't hard for her wrangle an invitation to the reception for herself and Jenna. The scholarship committee wasn't stupid. An encouraging phone call from one of the attractive cowgirls he had met while trying out in Austin had been the deciding factor for many a candidate for the team. And Amanda and Jenna were two Texas beauties. 

Amanda had gotten knocked up just out of high school and was only thirty nine. People often remarked that she and Jenna looked more like sisters than mother and daughter.

They were two good looking blondes from the heart of America. Amanda's hair was cut just above her shoulders with an easy wave that framed her face. Jenna's hair was longer and straighter. They were both in great shape. Amanda was slightly taller and a little more voluptuous than her daughter. For the reception she had shimmied into a little black dress that hugged her dramatic curves like a second skin. The knitted sheath had a swooping neckline that offered a tempting glimpse of her breasts. Her pearl necklace rested comfortably on top of those two luscious globes. She had donned a pair of high heels and smoky nylons for the occasion. She knew she'd have no shortage of company at the reception with all the good old boys in attendance.

Jenna had gone more for the down home look. She had started with a tight fitting denim skirt and white cowgirl boots. Her well toned legs looked like they went on forever below her abbreviated little skirt. On top of that she was wearing a satin shirt, open enough to expose the swells of her arrogantly up-turned breasts. To finish off her outfit she had a little straw cowboy hat that was tied off around her neck and resting between her shoulder blades. She was looking forward to putting it on later. 

After many last minute adjustments to make-up and accessories the two blonde bombshells made their way to the Hyatt ball room. They suffered through the dinner and the opening speeches at Harry Allen's table who was one of the Alumni Boosters and Amanda's friend. Harry's wife had left him about six months earlier and he was all over Amanda who he had sitting next to him.

On another night she might have been more interested in his advances, but not this night.

Once the formalities were over and everyone got up and started to circulate, Amanda was pre-occupied, keeping an eye on her daughter.

Jenna talked to a few people, being sociable but not getting herself installed with any particular group for too long. After a couple of conversations she caught her mother's eye and nodded her head towards a deserted table nearby. She and her mother made their way towards it. When they got together Jenna said..."That's him, over there, talking to what's his name...the guy from the Admissions Office. Oh God. What's his name... Dell...Dell...sounds like sailor...ahoy...avoy.. Mac Avoy. That's it. Dell Mac Avoy."

"It certainly is Dell Mac Avoy. And that's our Mr. Winslow that he's talking to is it? You're sure?" Amanda asked her daughter.

"That's him" Jenna replied.

"Harry said he saw him play in St. Paul last fall and that he was amazing. He's the competition alright."

"Well then. I think it's time we said hello to our old friend Mr. Mac Avoy don't you dear. Perhaps he'll introduce us to Mr. Winslow." Amanda said to her daughter.

And without saying any more the smiling blonde strode towards the two men she had in her sights with her daughter walking purposefully beside her. With a broad smile she walked right up to Mac Avoy, took his hand and pressed her pneumatic tits into his shoulder. She was quite aware that David had seen them coming over and hadn't taken his eyes off her and Jenna as they approached. 

"Hello Dell! How are you? It's been quite awhile hasn't it? How's Janine?"

Dell Mac Avoy was taken aback by Amanda Banes unexpected appearance. Oh he had met her once or twice but they had barely ever exchanged more than a couple of 'hi's', 'how are you's'. She usually had some slavering oil man draped all over her and didn't have much time for the college's lesser lights.

"Hi Amanda... So nice to see you. Janine is fine. She couldn't come this evening. She had to work. So how are you? And this is your daughter, right? I'm so sorry Miss. I don't think I know you're name."

"Dell this is Jenna. I'm sure you met her at last year's homecoming dinner. You probably just don't remember. And who is this handsome young man you're talking to?" Amanda asked, turning her eyes appraisingly on David.

"Uhhh. Sure. Sorry. Amanda, Jenna... This is David Winslow. David is from Bemidji...Is that right David...Bemidji, Minnesota. David, this is Amanda Banes and her daughter Jenna. David is here for the try-outs of course. He's got quite an impressive quarterback rating. The guys in 'Athletics' were telling me they're expecting to see some exciting things from David."

"Uhhh. Hello. Mrs. Banes. How do you do." David said shyly, extending his hand to Amanda. As she took his hand in hers, the statuesque blonde stepped past it and pressed her mouth warmly against David's cheek. He could smell the perfume from her hair as she remained standing very near to him for what seemed like quite a long time. When she did step back slightly her eyes were locked on his as she said..."How nice to meet you David. We don't get to meet many boys from Minnesota all the way out here in the wild, wild west do we Jenna?"

David was almost hypnotized by Amanda's dancing blue eyes. Her direct look was really flustering him and he couldn't think of anything to say to her casual remark. When he tried to look away from her gaze he found his eyes drifting down to her inviting cleavage. The swells of her globular breasts were rising and falling enticingly under the bodice of her little dress. David could feel himself blushing as he finally managed to look helplessly towards Jenna.

Jenna could see the impact her mother's smoldering sexuality was having on the young man. She had seen it before and had usually felt jealous that the boys she knew and the men too could be so easily distracted. But tonight she was pleased to see that David was not immune to her mother's considerable charms. This was all going to work out perfectly with their plans.

"Hello David. It's very nice to meet you. Don't let my mother spin your wheels. She's just a shameless harlot as any male over the age of fourteen in the tri-county area can tell you." Jenna offered, stepping between her mother and David and extending her hand to him as well.

David took Jenna's hand gratefully like it was some kind of life line. He was a little shocked to hear the younger woman refer to her mother as a harlot but he thought it was probably just some quirky western thing. Amanda stepped back a little but David could see a mischievous smile curling the corner of her mouth as she continued to watch his eyes.

"Jenna. Mrs. Banes. It's very nice to meet you both" David managed to stammer. Jenna let her hand linger a little extra long in his, caressing his palm with her thumb in a way that attracted David's full attention. If Jenna and Amanda were any example, mothers and daughters in Texas were very different from mothers and daughters in Minnesota.

"Do you work for the University?" he finally managed to ask.

"God no" Jenna replied. 

"I'm in the second year nursing program at Texas Lutheran and Amanda is a flight attendant with South West. Harry Allen asked us to join him this evening. He's one of the Boosters. He's had a crush on my mom for a while and every once in a while she throws him a bone."

Dell Mac Avoy was trying to edge his way back into the conversation but Jenna, Amanda and David were so totaling ignoring him that he soon just shrugged his shoulders and wandered off to join another knot of people chatting nearby.

"So you must be big time 'Longhorns' fans..." David said as he polished off the soda he was drinking. What a lame thing to say he thought. Everybody out here were 'Longhorns' fans. He wasn't used to being chatted up by attractive women, certainly not women as drop dead gorgeous as Jenna and her mother. He had been going out with the same girl for two years back home and she wasn't in the same league as these two blondes.

Jenna could see how nervous they were making him and she smiled to herself.

"Can I get you something David? What are you drinking?" she asked.

"Oh just Coke. But you don't have to. I'll get some in a minute." David offered.

But Jenna happened to spy a waiter with a tray full of drinks circulating nearby. She winked at David, handed her mother her own drink and walked the few steps over to the waiter. She took a coke from the tray just before the waiter turned to offer drinks to another knot of people.

With her back still turned to David, Jenna reached into the breast pocket of her shirt, took a tiny sachet from it and discreetly dumped the fine powder into David's Coke. She quickly stirred the drink with her finger and put the empty packet back in her pocket. It was nothing lethal, just a couple of pills of Viagra that she had ground up earlier. The quickest way to a man's heart is through his dick was what her mother always said.

Jenna turned and returned to David with the laced Coke. She handed it to him, took her own drink from Amanda, raised her glass and said... "Remember David, if you haven't fallen off a horse...then you haven't been riding long enough." 

And with that cryptic quote the three of them took a healthy sip of their drinks. Jenna looked quickly at Amanda and gave her a little conspiratorial nod. Amanda smiled back at her daughter.

The two blondes made a point of trying to make the young man feel a little more comfortable. They talked about Texas and football and school and were getting on pretty well when one of the coaches came over and said there was someone he wanted David to meet. David reluctantly apologized to Jenna and Amanda and said he'd better go.

Jenna pulled him aside for just a moment.

"David, a few of the guys and some of the girls I know are going over to 'Steam City' after this is over. They've got a good country band. It's not far and it should be fun. Why don't you come?"

"Ahhh, thanks Jenna. But the coaches gave us some of the practice squad film when we got here. I should really study it before tomorrow. I'd love to come but I better do some work."

"Sure David. But if you change your mind, you know where to find us. Good luck tomorrow." Jenna said, as David allowed the coach to snag his elbow and lead him away.

Jenna went back to join her mother.

"You did give it to him didn't you? Is he going out with you? " Amanda asked.

"Oh I gave it to him alright. But he isn't coming out. Something he has to look at on tape. But it doesn't matter. I would say that in another couple of hours Mr. Winslow will be ready to fuck a snake in a wood pile."

"Well that should make it fairly easy for you then shouldn't it?"

"Oh I'd think so! You know what they say, 'it'd don't take a genius to spot a goat in a flock of sheep'..." Jenna said with a big smile. The two women laughed out loud at this arcane cliché.

David was thankful when the reception was over and he could get back to his room. Those two Banes women had been something else though. He'd been debating about ditching the practice tapes and going to look for Jenna at the bar. But in the end he decided he'd be better off to look at the tapes. He didn't think that a hot blonde like Jenna Banes was wondering where he was. And he had told his girlfriend Gwen that she could call him late in his room if she wanted to.

So he settled down to look at the practice squad film. He had watched hundreds of hours of football film so this was nothing new to him. But he found himself having trouble concentrating. He would have been embarrassed to admit it but he was spending more time thinking about Mrs. Banes' enticing boobs than he was about three wide or nickel defences. He was finding it hot and he was getting agitated, not the mental place he wanted to be before the big try-outs the next morning.

Just as he was about ready to take a cold shower and call it a night, there was a knock on the door.

'Oh no' he thought. There had been some talk that there was another quarterback from somewhere in Kansas who had missed his flight, would be arriving late and might need a place to sleep. David didn't feel like re-organizing all his stuff at this hour.

But when he opened the door he was amazed to see Jenna Banes standing there. She was wearing her cowboy hat and was leaning against the door frame with a bottle and two shot glasses in one hand and a DVD in the other.

"Hi David. Want some company? I bring refreshments..." she said holding up the bottle and glasses..."some highlight film..." ... holding up the DVD..."and well...me!" ...she said with a giggle, straightening up beside the door, putting one hand on her hip then unsteadily holding that pose.

David was barely able to contain his excitement at seeing the lanky blonde standing there in front of him, asking if she could come in. Christ but she was sexy in her little skirt, her boots, her long legs and her sparkling eyes. He got the distinct impression that she had already had a drink or two.

"Jenna! I didn't expect to see you. I thought you went out with your friends. What brings you back here."

"Oh darlin'! They were so boring. The girls couldn't wait to tell each other about the size of their boyfriends' dicks and the guys just wanted to get into my pants. They are so predictable. Not like you baby. You've got plans. You've got a goal. So I thought you might want to see some game film of the competition." she said, thrusting the DVD into David's hands.

"Put it in. I'll pour us a glass of Jaeger" she said, giving him a friendly hip check as she walked past David towards the desk in his room.

David looked after the lanky blonde in confusion. God her perfume smelled fabulous. He didn't know what else to say so he went over to the DVD player by the TV, took out the disc in the machine and replaced it with the one Jenna had brought. He got it started up and looked around.

Jenna was sitting on the little couch with two full shots on the coffee table in front of her. She patted the seat next to her invitingly. David sat down and she passed him one of the glasses. He tried not to look down the front of her shirt despite the fact that there were a lot more buttons undone than there had been earlier.

"Cheers..." Jenna toasted..." Garage Key!"

"Just this one, then I really do have more work to do..." David said, though not sounding very convincing even to himself. Jenna's eyes just danced merrily into his as she snapped back her shot of liquor. David did the same, barely able to stifle a coughing fit that almost claimed him. "Great!.." he hissed as the fiery alcohol exploded through his system. 

He looked over at the TV and was surprised to see a high light reel of the Abilene Eagles.

"Hey! This is the team that Brent Travis plays for. He's here this week trying out too. Where did you get this?"

"Oh I know a couple of guys on the team.." Jenna said, sliding a little closer to David on the couch. She casually let one hand drift onto his shoulder and let her fingers start playing with the hair at the back of his neck. David was acutely aware of what she was doing.

"They let me have this tape and we added some material to it from post game parties and stuff like that."

David was interested in watching the football, particularly the play of Brent Travis. He was good. Really good. But in a very little while the football segued into a back yard Bar-B-Q, with lots of jocks goofing around in front of a bevy of West Texas cowgirls. Inevitably some big guy was throwing a squealing girl into the pool while a whole bunch of other dough heads cheered him on.

David watched this for a couple of minutes more. He was feeling very flushed sitting there with Jenna so close. In fact his cock was starting to stiffen up uncomfortably in his jeans. He was afraid he was going to get his face slapped if he wasn't careful so he said..." Thanks for bringing this over Jenna. That Travis is a heck of a quarterback. I appreciate the heads up. But I really should get back to work..." he stammered, shifting on the little couch like he was going to get up and show Jenna out.

But Jenna moved her hand from his neck, put it on his thigh and gave his leg a warm squeeze.

"Just a couple of more minutes baby. There's another clip coming up I think you'll want to see."

As Jenna's warm hand pressed his thigh, David's cock gave a definite lurch. Fortunately he was able to twist his hips enough to adjust the lengthy bulge so that it wasn't so visible under his jeans.

David looked into Jenna's dancing eyes for a moment then looked back at the TV.
