 I am a 70 year old retired professor in a small college town. Because teaching was my life for so long I tutor a few high school and college students. The money was not as important as the interaction with the students and parents. My wife had died almost 10 years ago and our children lived far away. The teaching helped keep me from feeling alone.

For sex I would travel every few months out of state and hire a high priced hooker. The cost was always about five thousand for a weekend but was worth every penny to me. Despite my age I still had a very strong sexual drive and desire. Every week I would masturbate from two to four times. I am also just about nine inches long which the hookers were surprised to see. While I kept my student teacher relationship professional I did have thoughts from time to time about one of the young girls and their mothers. It was something that I knew would never happen but it was a very nice thing to dream about.

One of my students was a very lovely girl named Amy. She was a basketball player that had a very well developed body. Long dark hair, big bright eyes and a smile that would light up a room. Her body was filled with lots of womanly curves. 

One afternoon I was watching a porno movie and playing with myself on the couch when to doorbell rang. I quickly turned off the video and pulled up my sweat pants. When I answered the door it was Amy. She had just come from school where she had passed a midterm exam with a perfect score. She told me of her grade and grabbed me in a very firm hug. The embrace was so solid that my rock hard cock presses deep against her belly. She leaned back and acted as if she did not feel it pressing against her but I could tell she was surprised. 

That is great Amy, I said in the hopes that my cock would shrink back before she had a chance to look down at my bulge. She walked into the house and sat on the couch and started telling me something about her next basketball game or something. I was trying to think about something that would make my cock get soft but all I could do was think how sexy Amy was sitting on my couch in her shorts and T-shirt. Her eyes looked down at my cock and she smiled and said, I think you spilled something on your pants. I looked down and could see a dark stain of precum from the tip of my cock. Amy pulled a towel from her bag and started rubbing the stain. Her hand moved up and down along the shaft of my cock. With her bright smile she looked up at me and said, I see your are excited to see me. Quickly I stepped back and said I was sorry and covered my cock with my hands. Amy smiled and said she would like to give me a hand job. At first I protested the idea and asked her to leave. Amy said that she like me and that she had given two of her boyfriend’s hand jobs before and wanted to give me some sexual release. She said she understood that I must be real frustrated being around so many young girls and not having a wife. 

I don’t know what got into me but I agreed to let her get me off. She walked over and pulled down my pants exposing my hard cock standing at attention. My you sure are big she said with a smile. Her eyes opened wide as she looked with admiration at my cock. Slowly and softly she grabbed my cock at the base and started pumping. My balls became very tight and I felt myself wanting to cum. 

Use that lube on the table I told her. Amy grabbed the lube and dripped it down the length of my cock. Is that better she asked with a soft sexy voice. All I could respond with was a moan as her hand resumed working my cock. Sit on the couch and relax she said. Leaning back with my legs spread apart Amy took her place between them and started pumping with steady strokes. Rub my balls Amy, please I said. She cupped my balls in her free hand and massaged them while keeping her pace on my cock. Oh Amy that feels so good, I said with a moan. You going to cum for me soon, I want to see your big cock shoot a load she said. Pump me a little faster Amy I said. She complied and I could feel my balls get tight and my cock swell as it became ready to fire my cum. AH AH AH GOING TO CUM AMY, I shouted out. SQUEEZ MY BALLS AMY! My cock started to shoot several giant globs of cum into the air. Amy squeezed my balls hard and wiggled my cock wildly. My belly and legs became tight as I exploded with pleasure. WOW she said with her eyes open wide as her hand wiggled my cock around as it shot cum across the room. OH WOW that was great she said with excitement. I felt spent and relaxed on the couch. Cum was everywhere. The floor, my legs and Amy’s hands. 

You must feel much better after exploding like that, she said with a grin. Yes Amy I do but we can’t do this again. It is ok with me and I don’t mind helping you and you could help me as well, she said. 

Rising to her feet, Amy removed her shirt and bra in one upward move. Her large firm breast bounced free. Her bikini tan lines showed that she was not a modest girl in her choice of swimwear. My eyes fixed on her large pink nipples that pointed outward and up. Amy I don’t think we should… Before I could finish she hooked her thumbs into the top of her shorts and removed them along with her panties. TA DA! Amy said raising her hands above her head like a magic show assistant. Now I could see her very untrimmed pubic hairs and could smell her sex. Since I got you off I need you to do the same for me, Amy said while slowly parting her long tan legs. In shock I sat on the couch and tried to fight my feeling of desire. 

Amy straddled me on the couch a pressed her lovely breast to my face. Without thinking I grabbed them softly and started to lick one nipple and then the other. Her wet pussy rubbed against my soft cock and made me wish that I had not cum. Amy softly moaned and rubbed her pussy against my cock as I licked and sucked her wonder young tits. After a few minutes I looked up at Amy and asked if she would let me lick her pussy. Oh yes she purred and slowly moved off of me and onto the floor. Spread your legs wide baby, I said lowering my face to her. She had to most perfect looking pussy I had seen in years. Lots of hair and dripping wet. Play with your tits for me while I lick you baby. Amy started softly rubbing and cupping her tits as I kissed her pussy. Slowly licking the length and gently parting the lips with my fingers. I could feel my cock begin to harden again as I licked up and down the length of her pussy before stopping at her clit. Softly I sucked her clit in and out of my mouth. Ooohhh, she moaned as her fingers stopped at her nipples and pinched firm. I switched between licking around her clit and then sucking it into my mouth then repeating the motion faster and faster. Oh, Oh, Oh yes she moaned slowly. YES like that she said, as I sucked her clit with quick hard and soft sucking. Her long tan legs wrapped around my upper body as her feet met at my lower back. Upward her pelvis moved as I sucked her clit in and out fast and hard. YYYYYEEEEAAAA, she started to cry out, as her body became tight. I could feel her cum flow and licked in her a few time to grab a taste. After a few seconds her legs dropped flat on the floor and she laid prone with me between her wide open legs. 

To my surprise I had become hard again and without thinking I slowly pressed the tip of my cock in her pussy. Looking at me with shock Amy said, Oh my god you’re hard again. My cock thrust in and out several times. Oh Amy you feel so good, I said softly as I slowly thrust deeper and deeper until my balls pressed against her lips. Amy moaned encouragement as I slowly thrust my entire length in and out. Faster baby fuck me faster, she begged. You want it fast and deep little girl, I said. Oh yes please fuck me baby fuck me fast and deep, she moaned. 

My hands grabbed her legs and pressed them back and wide apart. This arched her pussy upward and would allow me to fully drive every bit of my cock in her. I pulled my cock back and gave her a few small-teasing thrusts. Are you ready to get fucked hard baby I asked? Before she could say yes I started thrusting as fast as deep as I could. AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH, she cried out in pleasure. The smacking sound of my balls against her soaking wet pussy filled the room. The impact of my body against hers makes her big firm tits shake. Amy was starting to cum and so was I. My cock felt like it would explode soon so I pulled it out before my load fired. 

Rollover baby and get that sweet ass in the air, I said. Amy moved into position with her ass arched upward like a cat in heat. My hands rubbed her firm round ass softly as I moved my cock to her pussy. Slowly I moved my cock all the way in her pussy. Then my thrust began to quicken as my hands moved to her hips. Oh god your dick feels so good, Amy said as I started fucking her faster and faster. My feeling of shooting my load had dropped away and I felt free to fuck as fast and deep without worry of shooting my load. Get ready baby to get fucked hard, I said as I started giving her all I could.

Amy reached her arms out and grabbed the floor rug. OOOHHH OOHH OOHH she moaned before starting into a full orgasm. Cum baby cum for me hard, I ordered. Her pussy was starting to full with her warm cream. AAAAAAHHHHHH she cried out as I continued my pounding work on her hole. 

Looking down at my cock as it moved in and out of her I could see her cum covering me. It was a real ego rush to be a 70 year old guy that just made a sexy 17 year old girl cum. 

Slowly I let me cock pop out of her pussy. Amy leaned forward and dropped on the floor. So are you ready to ride my cock, I asked. Oh my god you are going to wear me out, she said. Get on your back and let me get off without using your pussy, I said. 

Amy rolled over and I could tell she knew what I was thinking. I sat on the upper part of her belly and placed my cock between her big tits. Her hands grabbed her tits and pressed them against my cock. Oh yes baby you know what I want don’t you. She began moving her tits up and down jacking my cock off. Oh yes baby, I moaned. The sight of her was made even better when she moved her head forward and started trying to lick and suck the tip of my cock. You want to suck on my cock baby, I said. Well here you go baby I said as I moved my cock toward her mouth. Her hands dropped her tits and grabbed my cock and resumed pumping as the head entered her mouth. Within a few seconds I could feel my balls start to become tight as I was about to shoot my load. Oh Amy I am cumming, I warned as my cock started to shake and shoot. I had expected Amy to pull my cock from her mouth but she instead sucked it deeper. OOOHHH I groaned as my load fired down her throat. She sucked my cock hard as if trying to get every drop out. Then with a pop she removed my cock from her mouth and slapped it on her face before sucking it back in her mouth. 

In my 70 years, I had only seen something that hot in dirty movies and never in real life. While I knew it was wrong for me to take advantage of a young girl, I felt that at age 70 I should take advantage of every opportunity. Besides, Amy would be going to college soon and she would find someone her own age.

In the days leading up to her departure to school she would come over and have wonderful sex. We were like rabbits and I had an increased libido that I did not think was possible without drugs. It was sad to see her go off to school but Amy did have a younger sister that would be starting high school soon and needed a tutor.