 Nancy stared dreamily at the young man sitting at her kitchen table. He really was a lovely specimen. He looked so cute as he concentrated on the math problems, and she took the opportunity to admire his body. She loved the fact that he was comfortable enough as her neighbour not to worry about what he wore. He'd come over in a pair of loose-fitting running shorts and a singlet that left his well-shaped arms bare for her viewing pleasure. Add his tousled blonde hair, blue eyes and rigid jaw line to the look and he was perfection indeed.

"I think I've got it," Brad said, interrupting her musings and dragging her eyes back from the beautiful curve of his bicep.

"Let me have a look," Nancy replied.

Brad slid the book across the table so that his tutor could check his work. Nancy could feel his eyes on her as she reviewed the math. She kept herself in shape doing yoga and running and had caught him surveying her ass in her yoga pants a few times when they'd crossed paths in the street. It was flattering and after all, what was the point of wearing them if men didn't look? She may have been as old as his mother, but she was pleased that she could still turn his head.

Nancy had heard some of the school-boy whispers about town about her. Men her own age and even some of the school-aged boys had been known to discuss what she might be like in bed; comments about her fiery red-hair and whether that meant she would be wild or not. If nothing else it meant that there were plenty of requests for her to tutor young students around town. It supplemented her teaching income nicely when she could fit it in to her schedule.

Nancy knew that Brad preferred to sit so that she had her back to the window. She was aware that it created a nice silhouette, showing the shape of her bra-clad breasts through her light button down shirt. She had noted that the last time they'd sat that way he'd become aroused as a result, but she was tutoring him and decided that she shouldn't distract him like that.

She knew he needed to pay attention. If he couldn't lift his math grade he might not get the football scholarship he was counting on for college. Hopefully removing the distraction would allow him to concentrate enough to do so.

"Almost perfect," Nancy told him. She moved closer, sliding the book between them so that she could point out where he had gone wrong. She was conscious of the proximity of their bodies, and imagined she could almost feel the warmth radiating from him.

Brad glanced across as she spoke. His eyes flicked down. She was suddenly conscious of her button down shirt's v-neck and as she leaned forward over the table, felt it fall away from her chest. It gave him a glimpse down her top. She knew was only wearing a plain white bra, but apparently just getting to see down her top was enough to distract him.

"Do you see what you should have done here?" she asked, blushing a little as she tried to redirect his attention.

"I do. Damn, I really thought that I had that one. Let me have a go at another. I reckon that I can get it this time."

Nancy glanced at the kitchen clock. Time was up, but given he was actually asking for more she decided she didn't mind. She outlined the next problem, and sat back. As she watched him again, her mind drifted places it shouldn't have. Her nipples tightened in response and she blushed again. She was glad that Brad was absorbed enough in the problem not to glance her way.

She admonished herself silently. She should be professional. She was a teacher for goodness sake. He wasn't the first hot student she'd had. She argued with herself as she told herself he was the first one she'd had in her kitchen. He was an adult. He wasn't her student; he went to a different school. This was just a favour for her neighbour, Jan and besides, she was just looking. It was his fault too! The last time she'd helped him he'd stood up at the end of the session with a rather noticeable boner in his pants. He'd tried to cover himself, but it was right at eye-level. She hadn't meant to look; but it couldn't be unseen.

It wasn't like she hadn't noticed him looking either. She'd just been trying to ignore it. She'd been on 'hot-teacher' lists before and she knew the sorts of things teen aged boys like to fantasise about doing to their teachers. It came with the territory. She should be able to handle it.

"How's that?" Brad asked. She was pleased that he was almost confident in asking. Normally he asked with trepidation like he had no idea if he was going to be right or wrong.

She took her time going over it and finally announced happily that he'd nailed it. He broke out in a massive grin.

'God he's sexy when he smiles,' she thought.

"Awesome!" Brad said. "So, wow, I actually got it. Like I understand and know what I did even. I didn't fluke it!"

Nancy grinned at his enthusiasm.

"So like when can I see you next? Um you know for math help?"

Nancy smiled. "I can help you Sunday afternoon if you'd like?"

"Sure that would be awesome."

Nancy laughed at his frequent use of the word awesome. There didn't seem to be much in Brad's life that wasn't awesome (well, maybe his math grade).

"See you Sunday Mrs. Wirth."

"See you then Brad." She watched him go. 'Now that is a grade A butt,' she thought as she admired him walking away down the path. With a sigh, she cleaned up the kitchen and started to prepare her dinner, lamenting the fact that she was, again, cooking for one. She refused to dwell on the husband that had abandoned her, choosing instead to think about how she might help Brad. He really seemed to be turning a corner.

~~~~~~~

Brad knocked on the door, keen to see what Mrs. Wirth would be wearing. It was a stinking hot day and he hoped it meant she wasn't wearing too much. When the door was pulled wide, he was pleased to see her in a light summery skirt and blouse. It was so light it was almost see-through and he could make out the outline of her bra beneath.

"Hi Mrs. Wirth," he grinned, trying hard not to get caught looking where he shouldn't.

"Hello Brad, come on in. I'm afraid the air-conditioning isn't working so it might be a little uncomfortable. If it is we can always go to your place so that you can concentrate."

"Nah that's fine, my sister has a couple of friends over. It's chaos over there."

"Well, ok then. I'm sure an hour together won't kill us."

"I've suffered worse, that's for sure," Brad laughed.

"Would you like some water?"

"Sure, that would be great. Thanks." Brad looked at the two seats where they normally sat. He wondered which one he should take. As Mrs. Wirth filled a jug and fetched glasses, he decided to take the one that would put her between him and the window again.

He saw her hesitate as she turned to sit. Apparently he'd sat where she'd intended. They quickly set about going through the math. Half an hour in Brad found his attention wandering. He was starting to spend more time looking at Mrs. Wirth and less time at the books. Productivity was way down.

"Is it too hot Brad? You seem distracted."

Brad blushed.

'Shit I've been busted.' Brad thought. In the last 10 minutes, the sun had moved enough that he was being presented with a lovely silhouette. It was very distracting. He couldn't help himself and kept peeking as if to inscribe the image on his retinae. "No, its ok, it's hot, but well, I'll focus."

He watched as Nancy stood up to fetch more water. The back of her blouse was stuck to her skin with perspiration and she shook it to get some airflow. He saw her fiddle with her top and his imagination flared before she turned and came back to the table. He tried not to look, not wanting to get busted again, but her chest was like a magnet for his eyes. He couldn't help himself. Try as he might he couldn't completely focus on the math. His mind kept spinning off into a fantasy where she, the lonely divorcee wanted him, the hunk next door to fill a gap in her life.

~~~~~~~

Nancy was having a moral dilemma of her own as she watched Brad watching her.

'Why is it a moral problem?' she thought. 'Because you want him,' her conscience told her. It was like a slap in the face; admitting she wanted this young stud. She wanted to do a lot more than tutor him. She knew he kept looking. She wondered if his interest would extend beyond stolen glances.

She tackled the problem from a different angle. 'What if I use what I have to help him?'

She thought she had a solution. She fiddled with the button on her blouse, doing up the one that she'd released earlier. As expected, the motion of her hand drew his eye. He stared. She watched his face. He was clearly disappointed.

"How's that problem going Brad?"

"I'm stuck," he admitted.

"I think you just aren't concentrating enough. I think I can help you though."

She slid the book closer to her and ran through the concepts again. She was entirely too aware of the fact that he was peeking down her blouse whenever he could. If she hadn't done up that last button he'd probably be seeing everything.

"Ok, I think I get it," he said when she'd finished explaining.

"Good, well here's your incentive. There are five questions here. For every one that you get right, I'm going to undo one of these buttons."

"What? No! I mean, what the hell? What do you mean Mrs. Wirth?"

Brad, I know you've been looking at my tits all day. I know that's what's distracting you. So I'm prepared to try and help you focus. If you can find that focus I know you'll get this work. So that's the challenge. One problem correct, one button undone." 

Brad didn't know what to say. Nancy could see the confusion on his face.

"It's ok Brad. You can say yes."

"Um, yes?" he said tentatively, blushing as he did so.

"Ok, here you go. We've got 20 minutes left. The more you get right, the quicker you finish them, the longer you get to enjoy the reward you earn.

She watched as Brad grabbed his book and started to read the questions, clearly struggling to find his focus. Maybe she'd over-loaded his brain.

"Focus, Brad," she said quietly, seeing the emotions on his face. Brad took a deep breath and looked at his book again.

"Done," he declared 10 minutes later. Nancy took the book from him and surveyed his results. He had three correct. Nancy took a breath herself as she slowly released three buttons, one at a time.

"Three? Only three?" Brad lamented when it was clear that she wasn't going to undo any more.

"Yep, Three," Nancy told him. She pushed the book between them and leaned in to explain where he'd gone wrong. She gave him a moment to drag his eyes away from her exposure and then showed him. She was surprised just how much it turned her on to know he was looking.

By the time that she'd explained what he'd got wrong time was up. Brad wasn't game enough to ask for more problems.

"See you next time Brad. We'll see if we can't work on that focus," Nancy said as she showed him out the door.

"Um yeah, thanks Mrs. Wirth!" Brad said, dropping his eyes to her blouse. She hadn't done up the buttons.

Nancy went straight to the bedroom, scarcely believing that she'd been so brazen. She thought it might have been the heat affecting her. She was horny as hell. Quickly rummaging in her nightstand, she pulled out her vibrator, not bothering to undress other than to tear off her panties. She lay on the bed and pressed the toy to her pussy. Several minutes later, imagining Brad looming over her, his gorgeous arms tense as he held himself and thrust his cock into her, an intense orgasm coursed through her quivering body. It was only after she came that she felt a bit guilty about it. Rather than dwell on it, she dismissed it and buried the guilt.

~~~~~~~

Brad threw his book into the corner of his room. He tuned out the sound of his sister and her friends as his hand drifted to his crotch. His cock rapidly hardened as he remembered the clear view he'd had of his older neighbour's bra-clad breasts. How he wished she hadn't been wearing that bra. He wondered how big she was. They were at least a C. He imagined reaching in and cupping one with his hand. He discarded his shorts and boxers and grabbed hold of his erection, pumping it as he imagined Mrs. Wirth in her underwear. He wondered how many buttons there were. Could he have had her top off completely?

He grabbed some hand lotion that he'd stolen from his sister and squirted it onto his cock. He slid his closed fist down his erect shaft and moaned at the sensation. He imagined he thrust his cock into Mrs. Wirth's pussy as he worked his hand up and down his cock.

As his orgasm approached he bucked his hips as he thrust at his fist. He savoured the moment and thought back to the view down his neigbour's top. He pictured himself knelt over the top of her, cock aimed at her chest. His orgasm threatened and he quickly grabbed some tissues from the box beside his bed and held them to the head of his cock as he came hard. He captured the cum in the tissues before flopping back on the bed. His mind spun.

~~~~~~~

"Come in Brad," Nancy said happily after answering his knock on the door.

"Thanks."

"I've been looking forward to helping you again," Nancy said. She'd been wondering what to do after their last session, whether to keep going down the path she'd started, or whether to just put it down to the heat and a bit of craziness. She hadn't really known what she would do until she saw him walking up the drive.

"So have I," Brad grinned, hoping the way she phrased it meant what he thought it did.

They set themselves up at the table.

Nancy felt his eyes flirting with the buttons of her blouse and blushed as she realised he must be counting them.

"So what do you think Brad. Did we help you find focus last time?"

"Um yeah, we really did, but I think ... well I think I could do even better with practice." he said

"Let's test that theory shall we?" Nancy grinned. "Same offer as last time. For every question you get right, I release a button." She handed him five questions.

She watched him attack the problems with a grin. They were the same five questions. When he finished, he handed the book back to Nancy to check. She smiled at him and passed the book back, her fingers manipulating the first button. When she had the third one undone, she hesitated. Brad looked worried.

"I'm impressed Brad, you obviously paid attention," she said, releasing a further two buttons. Brad grinned. She could see him struggling not to be too obvious in looking at her breasts.

"It's ok, Brad, you're allowed to look," Nancy said. "That's the whole point isn't it?"

He took a longer look. She was wearing a bright pink bra. She'd spent time in the mirror and knew that her blouse would be parted enough that he could see about half of each cup.

"Now, here's the hard part. You have to learn while I sit like this." She started to explain the concepts behind the next lot of problems, taking her time, knowing that he was likely to struggle when she gave him a set of problems after explaining. He got them all wrong.

Brad swore. Nancy was concerned. He should have done better than that.

"I think I know what's wrong, Brad. I think it's too much to ask you to learn while I sit like this. I think we need to separate reward from effort." Nancy did up the buttons. "Now, pay attention and we'll go through it again."

Again after explaining she handed him the problems. She went to make a cup of tea while he went through them.

"Done, Mrs. Wirth," he announced 10 minutes later.

She sat back down at the table and reviewed his work. She pushed the book back. Four out of five.

"Not bad Brad, not bad at all." She started to undo buttons, counting as she went.

"Five for the first lot. Six ... Seven ..." the blouse was completely undone. "Oh my, no more buttons but two questions right. Let's see, I think if I just take the blouse off that's good enough for two questions, don't you?"

Brad just nodded as Mrs. Wirth took her blouse off and hung it over the back of one of the other chairs. She felt his eyes boring into her, transfixed. She sat as casually as she could, as if she did this sort of thing all the time.

"I guess this could make teaching the next bit a bit tricky though so I'll have to put it back on again."

"Damn," Brad muttered.

"Don't worry. I'm sure you'll work really really hard to see how many more you can get right Brad. He grinned in response.

They started the cycle again. Nancy went through the theory and concepts, reviewing the next section with him. When she'd finished, she gave him another five problems. She looked at the clock. Time would be up before he was done.

When he handed them back she said, "I tell you what Brad, I think my bra is worth five questions, don't you? If they're all right, I'll take it off."

Brad adjusted his pants, nodding. Nancy went through the problem set. He got four correct.

"Shit!" Brad said when she told him.

"Well, it gives you something to work towards. Go over this stuff for next time Brad."

As he packed up his stuff she took her blouse off again. Brad's eyes widened. Clearly he'd thought it was all over.

"You did get four right, that's worth something," she grinned at him. She stood before him in her bra and skirt, clearly pondering what reward she would give him. Her gaze kept dropping to his crotch, enjoying the sight of his hard bulge. Coming to a decision, she quickly flipped up her skirt to flash her black panties at him, loving the shock on his face when she did. Brad picked up the last of his stuff, mumbling thanks, glancing back just before the door closed, amazed that she'd said goodbye to him without her blouse on.

Nancy and Brad both retreated to their bedrooms to achieve similar ends.

~~~~~~~

"Nancy, hi!" Jan called out across the car park of the local shops.

"Hi Jan, how are you?" Nancy asked.

"Great thanks. Hey I have to thank you for helping Brad out. I don't know how you've done it, but for the first time ever he really appears to have an interest in getting his math right. If he keeps up like this he should even make the grades that will get him the scholarship."

"Its no trouble Jan. It's been fun helping him."

The two friends chatted for a while before heading their separate ways. Nancy laughed as she wondered what Jan would say if she knew why Brad was so inspired.

~~~~~~~

"So Brad, do you think you can do it this time?" Nancy asked. She was sitting at the table with him in a pair of yoga pants and her bra.

"I sure as hell hope so."

Nancy laughed, taking his book from him. As she finished, she looked back with concern in her eyes. She saw his face fall and broke out laughing.

"I'm sorry Brad I shouldn't tease you. You got them all right!" His face lit up in shock at the news. His eyes went straight to her chest.

"I guess I can forgive you," he said.

Nancy stood up and moved in front of him, hands reaching behind her back. She released the clasp of her bra and then caught it before the cups fell away. She teased him for a few moments before finally lowering them away, loving the look of lust that followed.

She watched Brad stare, taking in the sight of her large, round, heavy looking breasts. Her skin was milky-white and the nipples a very pale pink. She watched him study them, noting the adjustment he made to his pants. Her nipples hardened in response.

"Wow," he eventually said.

"Glad you like them."

"They're awesome."

Nancy laughed.

"Think you can manage some more math?"

"I dunno, I might have trouble focusing on anything ever again." Nancy picked up her bra and hung it over the back of a chair. She took her blouse from the chair and put it back on. She saw Brad swallow hard as he watched.

"Just knowing you're sitting like that ... is still distracting," he laughed.
