 I'm a 37 year old office worker by day, and a maths tutor by night. I prefer my evening job: it supplements my income and I find it rewarding helping students learn in the run up to their A Levels. I teach 18 year olds, who tend to want to learn quickly. 

I work most evenings, particularly at this time of year, with A Levels just a couple of months away. Last week I got a new enquiry from a mum who lives two streets away. Her son urgently needed help, could I start next week? Although I'm busy, I need the cash, so I agreed. She told me her son was a shy boy who needed some guidance and confidence. 

Today is our first session. I turned up at the house and knocked on the door. A flustered looking woman opened it and greeted me with a grateful smile. "SAM!" she yelled up the stairs, ushering me in from the cold. "YOUR TUTOR IS HERE!"

Something happened when he walked down those stairs; something that had never happened before. My stomach flipped over. Unlike the usual gawky, spotty teenagers I'd been accustomed to, Sam was a towering, handsome young man with a shy smile and glittering eyes. His skin was perfect. He smelt amazing. I faltered for a moment before coming to my senses and putting my hand out. 

"Nice to meet you, Sam," I said, shaking his hand. "Where would you like our sessions to be?" His mum looked around the cluttered hallway. "I think your room is best, Sam," she interjected. "I hope that's okay?" she asked me. "Absolutely," I replied, ignoring the butterflies in my stomach. 

I followed him up two flights of stairs to the top of the house, inwardly cursing myself for watching his ass as he climbed. He was a perfect specimen of a man. I had to get a hold of myself. He was 18 for crying out loud. 

His room was tidier than expected but had the unmistakable smell of a teenage boy. He quickly moved to the bed and pushed something under his pillow, his face flushed. Too late, I'd seen the magazine and the page it was opened on: a huge pair of tits. I looked away to spare him his blushes, and walked to the desk at the window. "Here?" I asked. He nodded, his face still pink. 

The desk was small, and the two chairs were crammed next to each other, leaving no space between them. I had come straight from the office so was in a tight black pencil dress, making it tricky to manoeuvre myself in without it riding up my thighs. He stood still for a moment, watching, then quickly squeezed in next to me.

Sessions tend to go quickly, but our hour together seemed to last forever. We were so close I could feel the warmth of his skin next to mine and smell his aftershave. It was almost impossible to teach, but somehow I managed it. 

After 45 minutes, I bent down to reach my handbag, so I could check the time. As I did, I felt him shift in his seat, and suddenly became aware of his eyes on my tits. My dress was low cut and I am blessed with a large bust. I lingered down there a little longer than necessary, feeling myself tingle under his unflinching gaze. 

When I sat up, he quickly put his textbook on his lap. Too late. I'd seen it, bulging through his uniform. He didn't get up when I did, he couldn't move. 

As I left, I knew that he'd be wanking over me within minutes. I got home and undressed. My knickers were dripping wet. I got in the shower, and touched my throbbing clit before pushing my fingers into my hot, wet pussy. I allowed myself to moan his name as I came, the hot water running over my feverish body, but promised myself I'd never do it again. 

The sessions that followed were excruciating. I didn't cum over him again, but my body was desperate to. Week in, week out, I'd turn up and try to teach him, and each week I wanted him more. Each week he'd try to hide his hardon from me, and each week I wore more revealing clothes, desperate for his desire, but unable to act on it.

Then suddenly, on week five, the hardons stopped. He seemed to have found a way to combat his lust. I wanted to ask him how. Mine was growing stronger, while his had seemed to diminish. 

Then, on week six, I discovered why.

That day I turned up earlier than usual. His mum offered me a cup of tea but I said I'd go up and get started. I thought I heard a noise when I got half way up. I stopped and listened. 

I could hear the fast slippery sound of someone wanking - it must be Sam; I crept up the last stairs and looked through the gap in the door.. there he was, his uniform half off, knees spread, shorts round his ankles, and what must have been his mum's face cream by the side of the bed. 

His young dick was so hard, the tip swollen and shiny purple as he relentlessly wanked it. He was moaning under his breath as he wanked himself harder and harder. Fuck! He was saying my name! My pussy ached.

"Please Miss Maria, please let me do my cum for you, I'll do anything, please," he begged. "I need to, your knickers smell so good I can't help it, please". He'd raised his other hand to his face, presumably pretending to sniff my dirty kickers. What a naughty young man..he obviously needed teaching a real lesson.

I gently pushed the door open. He carried on wanking furiously for several seconds before he noticed, his cock straining to cum. As he looked up, I put my finger to my lips and smiled, 'shhh, filthy boy'. He flushed red, desperately trying to get dressed, pulling his shorts up as far as his tight, bulging balls, but his big young dick was like metal, and his shorts just wouldn't go up.

"Stop," I laughed. "Naughty boy. Sit down. Don't bother trying to hide it, I've been looking at it for ages. Sit on the bed. Good boy, now spread your legs so I can get a good look at your cock. Just do it, or I'll call your mum up here and tell her exactly what you've been doing with her face cream. There. That wasn't so hard, was it? You're such a big boy. I'm going to enjoy ruining you."

I stood with my massive tits a breath away from his face, and unbuttoned my top, slowly and deliberately. "I'm struggling with this last button," I whispered. "Do it for me, it's the least you can do." He gulped, and obeyed, wide eyed. I pushed my chest out as he tried the button, which flew open releasing my 36GG breasts, one of my nipples brushing his cheek. I let it rest there. 

"Right, you filthy boy. Suck my nipples and wank that big dick of yours. you're obviously desperate to cum and I want to watch."

He sucked so hungrily on my nipple, like he was feeding on me, drinking my milk as he wanked his dick so hard I thought his foreskin would tear. I put my hand up my skirt and flicked my aching clit through my knickers. They were already soaked through. I looked down to see his cock hole gaping open, his cock throbbing uncontrollably; I told him what a little slapper he was being as I started to squirt into my knickers.

"Cum for me. Right now."

He came and came and came, I watched streams of thick white spunk shooting out of his big wide cock hole, and felt it hitting my thigh, hot and sticky as it ran down my leg as he let out a loud, grateful moan. I put my hand over his mouth. "Shut up, your mum will hear you!"

To be continued...