 Today I’m a director, but in college I was an aspiring actor. Perhaps not the best, but certainly not the worst, either. In my senior year, I got my big chance - a lead role in a romantic comedy.  It was a great role and chance to showcase my talents for the local LA talent agents and producers. Best of all, I was cast opposite Leslie, a petite sophomore pixie who looked like the spiting image of Audrey Hepburn. (She’s gone on to have pretty good success on a couple of WB shows, so I’ll change her name for everyone’s sake [though I wish I could tell the whole world]). 

So, “Leslie” and I had pretty good chemistry and shared a passion for the play. We worked hard on the show, getting together before and after rehearsals to go over our lines. But I didn’t think too much of it, I knew she had a boyfriend - a frat boy named Brad. This was just work. Nothing more, nothing less. Still, I have to confess I was a little excited when she invited me over to rehearse lines on a Saturday night. 

When I got to her dorm, I was pleasantly surprised to find that she had a private studio. I was even more encouraged by the fact that she was wearing a tiny pair of pink, silk pajama shorts and matching top. For the first time I began to notice how great she smelled, how strikingly green her eyes were – how perfectly smooth her skin was. 

Before I could get settled in, she propped open the window, lit a cigarette and pulled a bottle of wine out of her mini fridge.

“Working tools,” she claimed.

Despite being two years her senior, I suddenly realized that not only was she out of my league, (like I said, she’s model gorgeous) but she was much cooler than I’d ever be. I played along, downing a few glasses of merlot and running lines for the better part of an hour. That is, until I spilled part of my third glass on my shirt. 

I told her it was no big deal; I’d throw the shirt out when I got home. But she insisted on giving me one of her boyfriend’s oxfords. I wasn’t too comfortable with the idea, knowing that frat guys can be pretty possessive about their girlfriends – I thought it was dicey enough being alone with her in her room on a Saturday night. But that made me thing, “What was she doing home alone?” I asked why she wasn’t with him.

“He’s an asshole, Fuck him. And you can burn his shirt for all I care,” was her explanation. It was good enough for me.

That was it. Nothing more came of it that night. But I was encouraged to find that she and “frat boy” were done. Or so I thought. The next day I saw them walking across campus, hand in hand, and I knew I was stupid to even get my hopes up. I buried my nose in the text, worked night and day to get agents to the show and delivered a performance that garner solid reviews and, eventually, landed me my first agent.

The final night of the run, Leslie and I met behind the curtain and went through our performance rituals. A few vocal warm ups, and a quick hug before the curtain went up. But that night the hug lasted a second or two longer than usual. Initially, I didn’t think anything of it. Her heart was clearly beating fast as she held me tight. I looked down to see that she was alright and she was staring up at me with her big green eyes, tears welling in the corners. I assumed she was just going to miss doing the show with me. Actors and actresses get that way about closing performances. But as I opened my mouth to say something comforting to her, she put her hands on my face, drew me in and kissed me deeply – her tongue expertly darting in and out of my mouth. Now it was my heart that was pounding. But before I could say or do anything, the lights came up and she pushed me on stage. Let’s just say that in that night’s performance, the comedy was a little forced, but the romance came easy. 

When the curtain finally closed, I rushed to my dressing room, not sure what I should do. Again, she was one step ahead of me. She came in very casually, sat down and began taking off her make-up. Before I could say anything, she apologized.

“I shouldn’t have done that. That wasn’t very fair. I just broke up with Brad and you were there and the excitement of closing and… I just got carried away. I’m sorry,” she shrugged.

Needless to say, I was crushed. Over the six weeks of rehearsal I had come to love our meetings, her scent, her laugh, her pixie-like grin – I had fallen for her hard. But I sucked it up and played it off as best I could. Trying to be big about the whole thing, I invited her to a party my roommates and I were throwing later that night. In yet another crushing blow, she said she’d try, but couldn’t guarantee anything. Here I was getting played by a 19 year old. I couldn’t have felt much worse on what should have been a great night.

Back at our apartment, with a few drinks in me, everything was alright. That is, until the door rang at a few minutes before 2am. Leslie had shown up after all. She barged in, grabbed my hand, proclaiming that she couldn’t stay long, but that she needed to talk in private. My roommates, Jessica and Jamie, looked a little perturbed, but were also a little impressed that this hot girl was dragging me into my bedroom. 

As I stepped inside, she closed the door behind me and locked the door. She had my attention.

“Look, what I did tonight was really, really shitty. First, for kissing you like that and then for telling you that it was nothing.”

She slid off her shoe and unzipped her leather jacket.

“I do like you. I just thought it was too fast for me to be getting into anything after Brad. But that’s a fucked up thing for me to do to you.”

I quickly saw that she wasn’t wearing a shirt. Her chest was nearly flat, but her huge, puffy nipples darted out from behind her coat when she reached down to pull of her other shoe.

“You’ve been so good to me. Listening to all that shit about me and Brad.”

She removed the second shoe and let the jacket fall to the ground. There she was, her taught, nubile frame fully exposed, save for the short, schoolgirl miniskirt that barely covered her panties.

Okay, this girl had blown my mind several times over by this point, but what she said next took the cake.

“So what do you say I make it up to you by sucking your dick?”

She knelt down on the ground before me.

“Better yet, why don’t you fuck my mouth? You’d probably like that more, wouldn’t you?”

She clasped her hands behind her back, closed her eyes and opened her mouth wide. When I didn’t immediate respond (I was still in shock), she took charge.

“That’s cool. I don’t mind doing the work.”

With that, she leaned forward onto the bed and began unbuttoning my jeans. With that pixie grin stretched from ear to ear she asked,

“So, what ya thinking about?”

“Just… how beautiful you are,” I managed to stammer out. 

She was on to me, 

“Corny, but sweet. No, I imagine you’re wondering if I’ll let you cum in my mouth… Don’t worry, I will.”

She reached into my jeans and pulled out my swollen cock.

“In fact, you can cum in my mouth, on my face, in my pussy or my ass… whatever you want. I’m gonna be your own personal slut. You’ve earned it.”

And with that she bent forward, lowering her lips to the tip of my throbbing dick. She swirled her tongue in circles around the ridge of the head, saliva dripping down on my cock all the while. When she pulled up, a string of pre-cum and saliva arched from her mouth to my dick. I thought I was going to explode right there.

“That is, if you’ll have me,” she teased. 

I nodded my consent and she lowered back down, this time taking the length of my shaft in her mouth. As she bobbed up and down on my cock, she reached out for my hand. I took it and locked my fingers in hers, the way my last girlfriend and I had when we used to make love. But Leslie quickly took my hand and led it to the back of her head. She clearly wanted me in the driver’s seat.

To get a bit more leverage, I pushed to my feet and Leslie dutifully kept my dick in her mouth the whole time. I began to take deep strokes in and out of her mouth and she purred along, like she couldn’t get enough. But when I saw little tears forming in the corners of her eyes, I quickly pulled out.

“Don’t stop now,” she pleaded. “Cum for me, please.”

I didn’t need any more encouragement. I jammed my dick down her throat and started fucking her mouth like there was no tomorrow, my balls slapping her chin, her fingernails digging into my thighs. With one last thrust I let out a healthy groan and filled her mouth with what felt like the biggest orgasm of my life.

For a moment or two I was in a complete fog. I looked down and those eyes were still staring up at me, her lips locked around my cock. I pulled myself out and she let my cum spill out her mouth, down her neck and all over those tiny little tits. Her lips glistening with my cum, she spread that wide grin again and sheepishly exclaimed,

“Oops, I must be full.” This girl was too much for me. 

I quickly looked for a towel or sock or something for her to clean up with, but she stopped me quick.

“No point in cleaning up when we’re just getting started. Now, I expect you’re gonna wanna fuck me, but it’ll take a few moments for you to get hard again.”

Maintaining eye contact the whole time, she reached down, swiped a little cum off her nipple (which was bursting out like bullet at this point) and proceeded to lick it off her fingers.

“Mmmm. If I taste half as good as you do, you’re in for a treat.”

She stood up. Peeled off her panties from underneath her skirt and led me back to the bed. By this point I was starting to get a bit of confidence. I fell on top of her and quickly grabbed her wrists, holding them high above her head as I kissed my way down her neck. My quickly recuperating cock slid across the inside of her thigh and she moaned as I bit into the side of her neck.

“So, you do like being in charge, eh?”

Sure, who doesn’t I thought. She reached over and pulled the belt out of my jeans and demanded,

“Then tie me up and do whatever you want with me.”

She stuck her hands through the spokes in my headboard and waited. What the hell, I thought, and cinched the strap around her wrists. There she was, this girl I had been obsessing over for the past six weeks – nearly naked, covered in my cum and begging for more. I could tell she was pleased as I took a moment to scan her body with my eyes. I slid off my shoes and removed the jeans crumpled around my ankles.

Again, I started from the top and licked my way down, pausing at her nipples which I rolled over with my tongue and nibbled on until they puffed up like ripe plums. She arched her back and pushed her little tities into my mouth and gasped and my teeth dug into her flesh.

“Oh, fuck,” she cried. “Suck my cunt now. Suck it!”

I sidled down by her side and ran my fingers over her hips, undid the clasp on her skirt and let the fabric fall away – exposing a beautifully groomed little package. She was mostly shaved; her lips weren’t pronounced at all – just a smooth slit in her mound, topped off by a whisp of silky-smooth, sandy blonde hair. I ran my middle finger up and down the length of her slit and then used both hands to split her open – like a juicy orange being sectioned. Again, she gasped and rolled her hips in a circular motion. 

Inside, she was pink and sticky. I wasted no time throwing her leg over my shoulder and burying my tongue deep inside her eager cunt. She instantly began shaking and a creamy white fluid began oozing out of her.

“Stick your finger in my ass,” she commanded.

I gladly complied, whispering,

“You are a dirty little whore, aren’t you?”

She quickly raised her head and opened her eyes for the first time since I had strapped her to the bed. Clearly, I had crossed a line and the fun was over.

“Let me set you straight. I am not “a” dirty little whore. I’m “your” dirty little whore. Now hurry up and fuck my dirty little cunt with dirty cock,” she winked.

I rolled off her and scrambled for a condom in the nightstand.

“Don’t worry about that,” she said. “I’m protected and besides, you’re gonna want to feel just how tight my pussy is.”

“Thanks, but no thanks.” The offer was inviting, but I quickly found what I was looking for.

“Okay,” she pouted, “but at least let me put it on.”

I gladly untied her and swapped positions. There is nothing I love more than to watch a tiny girl ease her way onto my cock and then bounce up and down on me.

“But you gotta let me tie you up.”

Again, not a problem if she wants to do all the work. So with my cock jutting into the air, she strapped me down and then made her way down to my dick. She licked at it and sucked it down, making huge, slurping sounds that got me going even more. Meanwhile, she expertly peeled the package open and slid the sheath over my shaft. She stroked it a few times and then positioned herself on top of me. Hand over hand she continued to work me until I felt a tight pressure and then I was in. Except something was off. It was too good – too tight, too hot, too wet. I open my eyes and there she was, smiling and holding the condom in her mouth. She spit it out.

“You can’t decide if you’re so pissed you wanna stop or if you wanna fuck the shit out of my tight little, juicy twat. Am I wrong?”

She wasn’t wrong. I was enraged, but her pussy was pure velvety goodness.

“In fact,” she continued, “the danger makes it even better doesn’t it?”

I couldn’t say anything, and I didn’t have to. She continued to grind on my cock slowly.

“Are you angry? Are you mad? Did I do a bad thing?,” she purred. 

She climbed off me, sat her juicy lips down on my face before untying me. I wanted to show more restraint, but I couldn’t help lapping up those sweet juices. As she climbed off me, she turned around on all fours, offered up her ass and suggested,

“Maybe you should teach me a lesson. You’re right, If I’m gonna act like a dirty bitch, you should treat me like one,” and again she waved her ass in the air. 

Without any further prompting, I squared up behind her, dug my fingers under the ridge of her hips and plowed my cock into her sweet hole. I was angry and I took it out on her pussy, slapping her clit hard with my balls on each stroke.

“So, you want me to fuck you like a little bitch, do you?” I tried to act as mean as I could, but truth be told – I was never gonna be cast as the heavy.

“No, I think I need to be punished more,” she whimpered. 

She reached back between her legs, pulled my cock out and positioned it against her asshole.

“Do what ya gotta do or I’ll never learn my lesson.”

Leslie may have been crazy, but in this moment I was under her spell. None of my other girlfriends had let me fuck them in the ass, much less begged for it – I wasn’t about to pass up this opportunity. I leaned forward, spit onto my cock and pushed forward slowly. Leslie put her head down, closed her eyes and dug her nails into the bedding.

“Don’t worry, I’ll take it slowly,” I assured her.

“No!” she shot back. “Use me like the little bitch I am. “Your” bitch. Fuck me like you own me.”

I wouldn’t have expected it, but her submissiveness really turned me on and sure enough, I plowed into her ass as she let out a huge squeal. I could hear my roommate’s drunken giggles outside the door, but I didn’t care. I was on the home stretch now and I was going to have one hell of a story to tell them tomorrow. I pounded away at Leslie’s ass for a few minutes, until she begged to get on top. I thought this meant my first anal experience was over, but she quickly straddled me and positioned my dick against her now well-lubricated ass. She slid down on me and then put what little weight she had on me, pinning my wrists down and pumping her hips on me. She looked me in the eyes and started repeating,

“Cum in me. Cum in my ass.”

Again, my roommates giggled.

Leslie leaned down and whispered in my ear, “They’re just jealous ‘cause you’re not fucking them. Cum in me. Cum in my ass.”

With Leslie looking deep in my eyes, I let loose the biggest torrent of cum inside her. And every 10 to 15 seconds another wave shot through me and she took them all with a smile on her face. When I finally finished, she eased off me and let the cum drip out of her onto my still throbbing dick. In one final mind-blowing act, she moved down to lick the pool of cum off of me. I couldn’t believe it, she really was my little whore. The sight was too much for me and a grabbed a fistful of her hair and guided her mouth around my dick where I let loose a final spurt. She swallowed it down and looked up at me with a grin,

“Now you’re getting the hang of it. This was a good place to start.”

To “start?” I thought.