 As a first semester senior, 22-year-old Maggie needed a few extra bucks to support her weekend entertainment. She'd seen a flier advertising the university's need for tutors in all subjects, so she'd sent her application to the advising office and had been accepted as a tutor. She typically tutored sophomores and juniors in upper-level political science classes, helping them study for tests and editing their mediocre papers. It was dull work, and at $6.50 an hour, the pay wasn't much. But it kept her partying on the weekends so she didn't complain.

Especially after she met Aaron.

One day, a few weeks after the fall term had begun, Maggie had been in the advising office posting her new hours on the tutor billboard. As she turned to leave, the door opened before she could grab the handle. One look at the person on the other side made her stop dead, her breath caught in her throat. He was taller than her, and that was saying something, because at 5'11, Maggie was one of the taller girls on campus. Lean and muscular, the sleeves of his university Lacrosse sweatshirt rolled perfectly around chiseled biceps, he was a vision of dynamic perfection. His tussled dirty blonde hair was cut short, barely touching his ears, and sticking up all over his head as if he'd just rolled out of bed. But most striking were his eyes: a brilliant and electric blue, surrounded by long, delicate eyelashes which contrasted wonderfully with his otherwise-masculine appearance.

He'd bumped into her before he'd realized she was there. She hadn't even noticed taking a step back, but she had been very aware of his arm shooting out and wrapping around her shoulders to prevent her from falling. Once he was sure she was steady, he burst out in a string of apologies. "Oh man, I am so sorry!" he said swiftly, looking her up and down as if to survey for damage. "Are you okay?"

"It... it's fine," Maggie responded automatically, realizing she had been staring and lowering her eyes quickly. "It's no big deal."

"Okay," he said uncertainly, withdrawing his arm and offering a small crooked smile that made Maggie catch her breath again. Stepping to the side, the young man looked up at the board where Maggie had just been standing. "Is this where all the tutors post their hours?" he asked, his eyes skimming the neat row of papers. "They told us at Freshman orientation that we could come here to find out about free tutoring."

Collecting herself, Maggie nodded. "Yeah, all of the ones signed up through the advising office, anyways," she said in what she hoped was a casual voice. "They post their phone numbers and emails so you can get a hold of them. What subject do you need help in?"

"Physics," he replied, stepping closer to the board. "I thought I was good at math, but apparently not the way this guy teaches it." He looked over at her. "Are you a tutor?"

"Political science and English," she answered, trying to keep the disappointment out of her voice. "I'm pretty useless when it comes to math. But Vanessa is a physics major," she said, pointing to a flier which showed the hours, phone number, and picture of a pretty Hispanic girl. "She's famous for getting people through impossible tests. Try giving her a call."

"Thanks, I will!" he responded, pulling a pen from his pocket and scribbling Vanessa's number on his hand. Looking at her, he said, "I'm Aaron, by the way."

"Maggie," she replied, giving a small smile that she hoped was charismatic. "If you're ever in need of a political science tutor, let me know!"

"Sure thing," he said, giving another crooked grin. "See you around."

Maggie left the office with butterflies in her stomach and something like jealousy on her mind. Lucky Vanessa, she thought, surprised by how sullen she suddenly was. For tutors to fraternize with the people they were tutoring wasn't really against any rules, but it was definitely looked down upon and always ended up being a topic of hot gossip. Maggie needed this job and wasn't about to risk it, especially on some Freshman kid. But Aaron was definitely one of the sexiest guys she'd seen in a long time. Possibly ever.

As the months passed, Maggie saw Aaron on a weekly basis as he arrived at the library for his tutoring sessions. Seeing him always made her stomach flutter, but she was quick to look away before she could make eye contact with those blue eyes. When they did come so close that she was unable to pretend she didn't see him, she always gave a wide smile and asked how he was. The conversations were short, but they always left her feeling lighthearted. She found it hard to concentrate on politics and bad grammar knowing he was nearby, completing complicated equations with Vanessa. Even no-strings attached sex had lost its appeal; once in constant need of sexual release, Maggie was now having a hard time getting off with her usual casual partners. Alone in her studio apartment at night, she would think of him as she climbed into bed, her fingers slowly finding their way beneath her lacy panties. Her imagination would run wild with images of his chiseled arms on either side of her face, his muscled chest above her, his body pressed against her, moving inside of her...

The fall term ended and Maggie's final semester began. Though she was taking fewer credit hours now, her workload remained the same, if not more. Her life became classes, weekly essays, and none of the partying that her tutoring was meant to fund. However, when the homework was finished for the day and she was finally rolling into bed in the early hours of the morning, she always found time to think of Aaron.

Following a late tutoring session one night, Maggie was cleaning up her papers in the slowly-emptying library when she heard someone call her name. When she looked up, there stood Aaron. "Hey, do you have a minute?" he asked, his hands in the front pocket of his sweatshirt.

"Sure," she replied, sitting up straighter and wishing she had put on make-up that morning. "What's up?"

"I was wondering if you could help me with one of my classes. PoliSci 274: Foreign Policy in Asia," he added. "I'm not a great writer, and the class is really paper-intensive. Maybe you could... edit my papers or something? Have you taken the class?"

"Yeah, I have," she said, her heart pounding in her chest. "I mean, it was two years ago and I'm not big on the Asian politics thing. But I can definitely look over your papers and help you study the major concepts."

"Awesome!" he said enthusiastically. "Are you free tomorrow night? I have a paper due on Monday that's worth like 40% of my grade. But, ya know, if you have plans for Friday..."

"Tomorrow's fine," Maggie interrupted quickly. Blushing slightly, she shook her head. "I don't have any big plans. How about 6:30?"

"Would it be possible to make it 8?" he asked apologetically. "I have a physics lab that runs 'til 7:30 on Fridays."

"Ugh, late class," she said, making what she hoped was a properly-indignant face. "8 is fine. Do you want to meet in the lobby?"

"What about one of those private study rooms on the third floor?" he asked. "I'm sort of ADD when it comes to this class. No distractions, ya know?"

"I get it," she replied, her heart speeding up at the thought of them in a private study room together for hours on end. "That's how I get with math."

"Okay, then," he said with another of his crooked smiles. "I'll see you tomorrow at 8!"

Now it was Friday and Maggie couldn't concentrate. It was 7:55 and she had been at the library for three hours already, her political science textbook open and abandoned in front of her for the past two. She was in a tiny private study room at the end of a long row of books in the constitutional law section, which even on its best days saw only three or four students looking for reference material. She had come early to study for an important midterm, which she must pass if she wanted to graduate at the end of the semester. But how could she, when she would be seeing Aaron at any minute, alone for the first time?

He's a Freshman, she told herself, determinedly pulling the book towards her and trying to read. He's over three years younger than you! You're graduating in two months! Just keep on the straight and narrow and everything will be fine... 

A moment later, there was a click as the door to the study room opened. Maggie jumped as she was pulled from her reverie, then turned as Aaron came through the door. "Oh sorry, didn't mean to scare you," he said, smiling. "Working hard?"

"Hardly," she said, snapping her book shut and scooting her chair to the side as he sat down next to her. The room was sparse and small, about six-by-four feet, with two chairs, a desk built into the wall, and a small fluorescent lamp attached to the underside of the perpetually-locked cupboards above the desk. "I've been trying to read this book all day, but... well, it's pretty much the most boring thing ever."

"I hear that," Aaron agreed, pulling his sweatshirt over his head and momentarily displaying the muscled plates of his stomach. He unzipped his backpack and pulled out a stapled packet which he laid on the desk. "So this is my paper on the Japanese economy after World War II. I think I explained it pretty well, but, ya know, tell me if I missed anything significant."

"Sure," Maggie replied, trying to ignore the butterfly feeling in her chest as she pulled out a purple pen and began to read. Every so often she would make a spelling or grammar correction, or ask him to explain a point. After a while, when the paper was more purple than white, she came to the conclusion that this was one of the worst papers she had ever graded. 

Aaron seemed to read her mind. "I know, I'm not the greatest writer," he said, shrugging his shoulders and looking slightly ashamed. "Which is why I study physics."

"If you don't like writing, then why'd you take a political science class?" Maggie asked, flipping through the pages and unable to contain her astonishment at the dreadfulness of his essay. "It's not required for a physics major, is it? You could've taken a phys-ed class, or art history, or... I dunno, something that wouldn't threaten your GPA!"

He didn't answer for a moment. "That's not why I'm taking the class," he said quietly.

Maggie froze, almost certain she had heard incorrectly. But when she slowly turned her head and looked at him, she knew she had not mistaken his tone. He was staring back at her, his cobalt-blue eyes piercing and serious. He seemed closer to her now than he had only a few seconds before.

"You weren't tutoring art history," Aaron said, and suddenly he was kissing her like she had always wanted him to. He was gentle, his lips caressing hers, his tongue lightly probing the inside of her mouth. The fingers of one hand found their way to her hair, lightly tugging and scratching at her scalp, while the other hand slid slowly up her thigh and to her hip. Maggie was caught off guard for only a moment before she gave in and kissed him back, bringing her hands to his neck and collarbone and relishing in the feel of his warm skin. As she ran her fingers through his hair, she felt her heart race and her panties dampen.

Releasing her hair, Aaron placed both hands on her waist and pulled her powerfully onto his lap, slipping his hands beneath her blouse and around to the skin of her lower back and hip. Maggie breathed heavily against his mouth at the feel of the large bulge beneath his jeans pressing against her inner thigh. She shivered as his hand ran up her stomach and came to rest on one small breast. Slipping his fingers beneath the fabric, he teased the nipple with two fingers as she squirmed and moaned. Breaking the kiss, he used both hands to pull her blouse over her head and toss it aside unceremoniously. Maggie reached behind her and undid the clasp of her lacy bra. She let it drop and immediately reached down to pull the striped polo over his head, reveling in the sight of his chest, as toned and muscled as she had imagined.

"God, I've wanted you for months," Maggie whispered when he brought his lips to her shoulder and kissed up her throat. She ran her hands across his hardened shoulders and arms. "I couldn't focus at all today."

"I couldn't sleep last night, thinking about being in here alone with you," he murmured against her skin, his fingers still teasing her nipple. He ran his lips across her skin and down to her breast, taking the other nipple in his mouth. Maggie arched her back and moaned, gripping his shoulders as she squirmed against him. Her panties grew wetter at the sudden thought that someone walking by the door would be able to hear and most definitely see them through the small window.

Releasing her nipple from his mouth, Aaron pivoted Maggie's body so that her back was against his chest and her legs rested on either side of his. She turned her head to kiss him and his left hand found her breast again, teasing the nipple. With his other hand, he unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. Her breath quickened when his fingers slipped under the thin black material, trailing along the smooth skin until he reached her sensitive area. She gasped and closed her eyes, throwing her head back over his shoulder as he lightly caressed her, coating his finger in her desire. His finger circled the little nub, and when she bit her lip and gripped the side of his leg, he moved downward and slipped two fingers inside of her. 

Maggie cried out, arching her back as he slid his fingers in and out in slow, rhythmic motions. He wrapped his other arm around her stomach, pulling her closer even as her body arched away. He buried his face in the crook of her neck, inhaling the subtle perfume on her skin. Pressing his thumb against her nub, he added another finger and dove deeper into her. 

Maggie uttered short, breathy cries as she felt her pleasure mounting. With one hand she gripped his thigh and the other she threw behind his neck and held tight. She was nearly there; her juices were streaming down her leg and soaking the leg of his jeans. She squeezed her eyes shut and gritted her teeth, grinding her pelvis against his hand in an attempt to apply even more pressure to her clit. Then he added a fourth finger, and her body exploded in a fierce orgasm. She arched her back and gripped the back of his neck so tightly that it was almost painful, but she didn't utter a sound. Her mouth was open in a silent cry and her eyes still shut tightly, and her body continued to shake uncontrollably as she came away from her orgasm. 

Aaron stroked her stomach and breasts, kissing her neck as she leaned against him, exhausted. After a few moments, she leaned forward and stood shakily, her hands flat on the desk. She looked over her shoulder at him, her face still slightly slack from the intensity of her orgasm. Slowly she pivoted, sinking to her knees in front of him. "What are you doing?" he asked, looking at her wide-eyed.

"Returning the favor," Maggie replied quietly, sliding her hand up his calves, over his knees, and up the inside of his thighs. She undid the button of his jeans and pulled down his zipper while rubbing the growing bulge beneath the fabric. Aaron lifted his hips, allowing her to pull his jeans and boxers down around his ankles. He sighed when his member swung free, long and thick and very erect. Maggie reached forward and brushed the shaft with her fingers; Aaron shivered, hands limp across his thighs. Maggie leaned forward and wrapped her lips around his shaft, her tongue flitting around the head. He groaned, leaning his head back as she slowly began to slide her lips down the thick member. Sucking and licking, she buried him all the way to the base in her mouth, then lifted her head until he was almost out and moved downward again. He lifted his hands and rested them gently in her hair, his eyes now following his member disappearing into her mouth. He felt the pressure building as she increased speed and entwined his fingers in her hair, careful not to press too hard. She was gasping now, both hands gripping his thighs as her head bobbed up and down. At the last moment, she scratched her teeth lightly into the sensitive flesh and his hips bucked. He pulled her up quickly and exploded, his seed covering her breasts as he rocked forward in ecstasy.

Aaron remained motionless for a moment, then looked down to find her gazing up at him with hunger in her eyes. He held out his hand and she grasped it, rising to her feet as he did the same. Placing his hands on her hips, he moved her to the desk and gently pushed her into a sitting position on the edge. "Lie back," he murmured.

Her body shuddered as she lay back against the cool wood. He pulled down her jeans and the lacy black panties, which were now completely soaked through. Her legs and backside hung over the edge of the desk, and when he knelt in front of her, he placed her feet against the backs of the two chairs so that she was completely open to him. "I want to taste you," he whispered huskily.

He moved forward and flipped the little nub with his tongue, reveling in the way her body jumped at his touch. He continued his ministrations, circling his tongue around her lips and lapping greedily at the juices that were flowing freely again. When he felt her body building to another orgasm, he probed his tongue inside her and pulled her hips closer to his mouth. Her arms were flailing, her body shaking. Without pulling away, he reached forward and gripped her wrists in both hands, pinning them to her sides. His member was quickly growing again at the sight of the thrashing woman. She struggled as her body shook more and more violently, digging her nails into the palms of her hands. One more broad stroke of his tongue and she was crying out another orgasm.

Aaron stood, grabbing the still-coming Maggie and sitting her at the edge of the desk. Without pausing to allow her to recover, he positioned himself in front of her and drove himself deep inside her throbbing pussy. Caught off guard, she gasped, throwing her arms around his back and gripping his shoulders with her fingers. He stopped for a moment, breathing heavily as he enjoyed the feel of her tightness gripping him along the entire length of his shaft. He started to move, in and out, slowly and rhythmically, her muscles gripping him as he moved. She buried her face in his neck, releasing little mewls of pleasure as he filled her to the brim.

It was paradise for Maggie, this beautiful man using his shaft to give her the greatest pleasure she had ever felt. He moved expertly inside her, grinding his pelvis against her and simultaneously stimulating her clit. She moaned in utter ecstasy, feeling her eyes brim with tears at the sheer bliss of it all. Reaching down, he pinched the tiny nub and squeezed gently as he moved in and out. She cried out his name over and over, the sound of it lifting her closer and closer.

It seemed that at the same time, they both wanted more. Aaron began moving faster, pumping his hips as his need became greater. The tingling sensation that had been building over time intensified in Maggie's loins, and she rocked forward, meeting his thrusts with her own. Faster and faster they moved together, their cries growing louder and more pained as they came closer to orgasm. Maggie couldn't breathe. She pressed her body as close as she could to Aaron's, muffling her screams in his shoulder. His vision was getting blurry; he grabbed her backside and pulled her closer, thrusting deeper as he groaned. 

And then it happened, an explosion of pleasure for both. Maggie came first, her head thrown back and an animalistic scream tearing from her throat. Her nails dug into his back, leaving behind four bloody furrows on each of his shoulder blades. Aaron thrusted twice more and then withdrew quickly, emptying himself across her legs with a guttural cry. He pushed his fingers into her quivering pussy to prolong her orgasm; even as she tried to pull away from the stimulation, her body continued to shake as her cries slowly diminished.
