 This is part two of an ongoing story. It would help if you read the first story first in order to understand the plot. 




Monday morning James was walking to his car to head to work when Mr. Samuel rushed out his house and caught up with James. James heard footsteps as he opened the door of his SUV and turned to see who the footsteps belonged to. 

Mr. Samuel said, "James. I wanted to thank you for the gifts. That was very kind of you. Also, I wanted to thank you for agreeing to tutor Melanie. She has been in a great mood the last couple of days and said she is so excited to learn more about real estate from you."

James tried to hold back his smile. If Mr. Samuel ever found out the truth he would want him dead. "Well, it was all her idea. You really have a great daughter."

Mr. Samuel added, "I never knew she was interested in real estate. This is the first time she has really shown any real interest in much of anything. She has always gotten good grades, but never really showed passion in any particular subject. Thanks again. Have a great day, neighbor."

James smiled and nodded as he stepped inside his vehicle. At least he knew Melanie enjoyed her visit. He thought to himself, I wonder when she will come over for another "lesson". He also wondered how long all of this would last. He masturbated several times in the last few days just thinking about the event that took place a couple days ago.

After work, James was mowing his lawn. He glanced at the house across the street and saw Melanie peeking out her window, mostly hiding behind the thin curtains. He could see her glowing face. He looked back down at the lawn and turned around to mow another strip. While pushing the mower back toward the front of the house, he glanced up at her second story window again. This time Melanie waved at him. He smiled and waved back before looking away.

Later in the evening, James was sitting on a lawn chair just outside of his garage, enjoying the cool breeze. The light to Melanie's room turned on. He looked up at the window. Her curtains were pulled closed, but were thin enough that he could see shadows in the room. He saw her move closer to the window and watched intently to see what she was doing. He saw her raise her hands and appear to remove clothing. The shadow of her body turned sideways. The shape of her breasts shown as a shadow. He watched as she appeared to throw her hair to the side. He wondered if she knew he was watching or even outside. Was she intentionally teasing him or was this just coincidence?

Feeling like a peeping tom, he leaned his head back and closed his eyes. The cool breeze was a nice change from the warm day. He could feel his hair on his arm standing on end. The sound of crickets chirped in the background. He began to doze off. 

James practically jumped out of his chair when he felt a hand on his left arm. His eyes shot open to find Melanie standing before him. His heart was beating frantically. "You scared the crap out of me, Melanie."

She started to laugh. "I am sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. I didn't know you were asleep."

Melanie was wearing a pink pair of pajama pants and a loose t-shirt. She didn't appear to be wearing a bra underneath her shirt. He took a few moments to regain his composure as she looked down at him.

"My dad says it is okay if I have another tutor lesson with you. I was wondering if you were free tomorrow in the early afternoon, after I get home from school."

How could he tell her no? He was already in too deep to risk telling her now anyways. He thought about telling her he was busy, but truth be told, he was looking forward to seeing her again. "My schedule is free after three tomorrow as of right now. I may get a showing as they can pop up anytime. If my car is in the driveway, then you can come over, okay?"

"Yay!" she said, giving him a quick hug and then jogging back to her house. 

No appointments were scheduled for the afternoon so James headed home around three. He would normally stay in the office until five, but he had a "tutor appointment" today. He pulled into the drive and headed into the house to grab something to eat. He was just beginning to eat a strawberry yogurt when he heard a knock at the door. He carried the yogurt across the living room and opened the door. Melanie was standing before him in a pair of tight jeans and a loose t-shirt like she was wearing the previous night.

"Hello James. You said I could come over if your vehicle was in the driveway. I just finished my homework and saw your SUV was in the driveway. I am ready to learn more from you."

"I was just getting a bite to eat, but come on in."

"I love yogurt. That looks delicious."

"Would you like one also?", he asked.

"Oh, yes please."

James grabbed another yogurt from the fridge and handed handed her a spoon from the drawer. She took the yogurt and spoon from him and sat down at the kitchen table. She watched him with a smile on her face as he finished eating the yogurt.

"Tell me a little about Real Estate so I have something to tell my parents in case they ask for details." she said as she opened the yogurt.

James spent a few minutes telling her how the industry works and what his day to day routine is like. He felt he was rambling and was relieved when she interrupted him. "Can I lick this off you?" she asked holding the yogurt up.

"Well, it would be cold, but you can if you would like to."

She took another spoonful of yogurt and said, "Kiss me first." Putting the spoonful of yogurt in her mouth, she leaned forward and kissed him. He could taste the strawberry yogurt on her lips. They slowly began to kiss for the next couple of minutes before she took him by the hand and lead him into the living room. She unbuckled his pants and pulled his slacks and boxer shorts to his ankles. He kicked them off his feet and looked up at her. She was staring at his growing phallus. 

"Will you tell me how to suck on it?" she said, motioning down to his crotch.

"Sure."

"Tell me what you like and what feels good."

"First, hold it by the base, then put your lips around the mushroom looking part of my dick. That is one of the most sensitive parts. The other is the line on the bottom of my dick that is facing you. Run your tongue up and down that part or suck on it. You will be sure to make any man happy that way."

"Girls in my school talk about guys wanting them to swallow it. Do you like that?"

"Well, you don't necessarily swallow it. I think what you mean is deep throating. That is where you take as much of a man's penis in your mouth as you can handle and suck on it."

"Girls say that the boys at school want to push their heads and shove it down their throats." she added.

"Boys. They have no manners and only care about themselves. Try as much as you want. I can assure you I won't shove anything down your throat."

Melanie was mesmerized by the sight of his penis. She has seen a penis on videos and seen her little brother's penis, but this was totally different. This was a man's penis just inches from her. She knelt down between his spread legs and set the yogurt down on the carpet beside her. Wrapping her hand around the base of his penis, she hesitated a second before putting it in her mouth. The penis was hot in her hand and it surprised her. She wondered what it would feel like inside her vagina. She slowly moved her head forward and wondered what a penis tasted like. 

Her lips wrapped around the head of his penis. She paused a moment, adjusting to the hot member in her mouth and tasting it. She rolled her tongue around the head and looked up at James. He smiled and moaned softly. It made her feel good. She felt like she was possibly doing it right. She slowly pushed the penis further into her mouth, only getting a few inches before it hit her gag reflex. She pulled back and tried to keep from gagging. 

"Now you know where your limit is for now. Some girls learn to get past the gagging feeling, other's don't."

Melanie's eyes were watering. She took a few seconds to recompose herself before starting to suck again. She started softly, not knowing how much pressure to use. He told her to treat it like a Popsicle and so she did, that is when he started to lift his hips a little and start moaning. She was getting the hang of it. After becoming comfortable, she grabbed the yogurt and dipped his hard penis into the yogurt. He pulled back in shock. It took a few seconds to adjust to the cold. When, she placed her warm lips around him and started sucking the yogurt off, he released a long moan. The contrast of hot and cold was great. She repeated this several times. Eventually she did not remove her mouth and continued to suck his hard penis. She was marveled by the fact it throbbed in her mouth and hand.

James warned her when he was getting close to having an orgasm. He told her she could also stroke the base of his penis while she was sucking. She tried it and found it to be fun and exciting at the same time. The sounds of him moaning and groaning turned her on and pleased her. Two of her friends said this was gross, others said they loved it. She had to find out for herself. She wondered what it would taste like when he came. She was eager to find out.

She moved her head faster and found a rhythm with his thrusting hips as she stroked him and sucked on the tip of his penis so she wouldn't choke. Her mouth was beginning to get sore from sucking. She dipped his penis in the yogurt one more time then did her best to help him out. As she was sucking, she felt his hips lock in the air. She bobbed her head until she felt a stream of hot fluid shoot into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat. It tasted sweet, yet salty and had a weird smell to it.

She stopped and he exclaimed, "Don't stop yet." so she continued stroking him and licking the underneath of his throbbing penis. She was surprised when his penis shot again and the fluid landed on her forehead. She couldn't help but laugh. She looked at the top of his head and fluids continued to pour out. She thought it reminded her of the volcano they built in chemistry class last year. Now she understood why many of her classmates were laughing and blushing.

Melanie took a few spoonfuls of yogurt and wiped the fluids off her forehead while James cleaned himself. She felt a familiar feeling between her legs. It was the same feeling she had the last time she visited him. Feeling she lost some control while being instructed by him, she decided to become more forceful. When James returned to the living room she demanded he lick her. James was more than happy to oblige.

He took her to the bedroom and laid her down on the end of the bed so that her back and hips were on the bed, but her legs hung over the edge and rested on the floor. He removed her jeans to reveal soaking wet panties. It doesn't take much to turn this girl on, he thought to himself. He pulled the panties from her legs and saw her smooth, bald mound once more. Her lips were slightly spread, revealing the inner pink of her vagina. James spread her legs and traced the outer lips of her vagina with his tongue. Melanie urged him on with a few soft moans. 

James slid his tongue up her slit, stopping just short of her clitoris. Melanie groaned in displeasure, anticipating the feeling of his tongue on her sweet spot. She knew it was her sweet spot because that is where it felt the best when she used her mini vibrator. James took his time licking and sucking on her lips and inner labia, making sure she was primed up and ready to go.

After a few minutes, he could taste her sweat nectar dripping down on his tongue. He knew it was time to delve in deeper. He reached up over her his and put her legs over his shoulders. He pulled her mound back to reveal her swelling clit. Ever so slowly, he ran his tongue up her inner lips and over her clit. Her hips jolted the instant his tongue slithered over her sweet spot. She let out a couple whimpers. He sucked her clitoris inside his mouth and softly rolled his tongue around it's tip. Melanie's began to thrash as sensations shot through her body like she was being electrocuted.

James lapped up her gushing juices and buried his tongue deep inside her vagina. Her hips meeting his face, grinding against his chin. The darting tongue teased her insides. She gasped as the foreign object invaded her internal body. It felt much different than a finger, much more pleasing. A growing desire to scream built up inside her vocal cords. Her voice filled the four walls of the room. She reached down and pushed his face hard against her body.

Sensing she was about to explode, James replaced his tongue inside her walls with his finger. His mouth surrounded her clitoris once more. He sucked hard on her clit, sending her over the edge. The world went black as she rode the wave of pleasure overtaking her being. Her clitoris became very sensitive all the sudden. She pulled his head away from her lower body. James climbed up the bed and curled next to her, holding her sweaty skin close to him. She lay still with a smile on her face and eyes closed.

"I am not sure how much more of this I can take." Melanie softly whispered.

"What do you mean?" James inquired.

"I felt like my heart was bursting out of my chest. That orgasm was so much more intense than any I have ever had before. I think I found what I was looking for."

"Does this mean this is your last lesson?" he asked with a slight tone of disappointment.

"Are you crazy?" she said with an escalating voice that became high pitched at the end. "I meant that I don't think I can take anymore today. You are not getting out of this that easy. I have a graduation party this weekend. I want you to attend."

"Are you sure? I think it would be awkward being around all your young friends and family members I have never met before." he said with an even tone.

"You don't have to stay long. I would just appreciate it if you made an appearance. If you do, I may give you a gift in return later in the evening."

Melanie leaned in and gave him a deep kiss. She could taste her juices on his lip and smell her strong aroma on his skin. His lips were wet and inviting. The sound of her phone began ringing inside her jeans pocket which laid on the floor. She quickly climbed off the bed and reached into her pants pocket. She opened and read the text, "Dinner is ready."

"I need to quickly freshen up and get home. Mom is calling me for dinner. See you Saturday."

James lay on the bed with a smirk on his face. "Another tutor lesson complete."