 Edited by Windy Swimming

"Damn it, what's wrong with this TV?" She muttered as it wouldn't turn on, the third time this week. She tried the usual trick of rolling the batteries, and then finally gave in and got some fresh ones from the bedroom drawer, but they made no difference at all.

She checked the plug too, and put in a new fuse. Growing up with a handy dad and an older brother had its benefits sometimes. Still nothing from the TV, and it was a good night for TV too. Sod it, she thought and resigned herself to the laptop for the evening before a long soak in the bath with a trashy book. 

The next morning she looked up a few TV repair companies, all wanted to get her to send them the TV, like that was going to happen. Then she remembered the guy from the next village. He was pretty good with electronics, but she couldn't for the life of her remember his name. Her friend would know, she knows everyone. So she dropped her a text to ask for his number.

"He's retired now, his son took over last year, here's his number," came the reply almost instantly ... "Thanks, I'll give him a call." 

She rang the number but it went to voicemail. So rather than leave it and try someone else, she left a message, "Hi, I got your details from a friend of mine, I hope you can help. My TV won't switch on. Please call me back on this number when you get this message." She hoped that would be OK and not sound too needy or hopeless. 

Later that afternoon he called back, he sounded a little nervous but had a nice voice and reassured her that he had some experience with TVs like hers. He could pop over in about an hour if that was OK. "Yeah, that will give me enough time to get home, so I'll see you later." 

Work was piling up though, so it was later than she planned when she left the office. By the time she made it home he was already on her doorstep with his bike leaning against the side of the house. It was pretty obvious he looked after himself. "Bloody hell!" She said to herself as she got out of her car.

"Hi, come on in," she showed him to the living room with the black, lifeless screen which sat in the corner of the room. "It just won't switch on. I've checked the batteries and the fuse, nothing," she said, quite pleased she could demonstrate some level of troubleshooting. "Do you want something to drink?"

He turned and smiled, he was incredibly good looking, fit in every respect. She was suddenly aware of how horny she was, not having had sex for a while and hoped it didn't show.

"Just some water would be great, thanks," he said, still sounding a little nervous, maybe he doesn't really talk to many women ... he must, do, look at him ... her inner monologue taking over a little.

In no time at all he had the back off the TV and was looking over it with the expression of someone who knows what they are looking for. He pulled out a small soldering iron and a bag with something electrical looking, then replaced an identical one from inside the TV. Then he put the cover back on, and tested it. The TV came on instantly and he'd barely touched his water. 

"Oh one other thing," she said, "the aerial lead keeps coming loose and I could really do with the cables sorting out too." 

"No problem, let me do that now," he said. 

His voice was so sexy, she couldn't resist having a little flirt with him. As the TV was on a shelf, he had to lie down to get under it to check and tidy the cables. So she decided to stand closer, her skirt short enough to give a decent view of her underwear should he look up. He glanced up to see her standing right beside him, and couldn't help but notice her legs, smooth, firm and long as his eyes drifted up and saw her underwear, just as she wanted him to.

He looked away, and tried to concentrate on the work he was doing, but she moved to stand over him "I just need to reach this thing over here," she said, not at all convincingly. He looked up and could see her underwear really clearly now, really small g-string, almost see through and just slightly wet, or was he imagining that?

She moved her legs apart a little more, and as she did so, caught him looking up her skirt, a faint smile across his face, she looked right at him "Do you like what you see?" She asked, her voice slightly husky.

"Errrm, yes, I mean sorry ... oh ...," he blushed and stuttered. 

But she just smiled, "Good, I'm glad you do."

Now she was getting visibly wet. As she looked down, the thin cotton was practically invisible. His jeans were unable to hide his growing erection and he was feeling so horny now. She lifted her skirt and slid her hand between her thighs rubbing gently across her lips. While feeling how wet she was, she gasped a little and closed her eyes.

He couldn't believe what was happening here - this woman standing over him masturbating. Never in his wildest dreams did he think this kind of thing would ever happen to him. He moved his hand down to his crotch, only to adjust himself. His erection was pressing against his jeans and was getting rather uncomfortable. 

But she flicked his hand away with her left foot "Uh uhh, no touching allowed!" She said, her voice now thick with lust.

She continued to slide her fingers across her soaking panties, dipping her nails inside just a little, flicking her clitoris which sent a wave of pleasure right through her.

He was so hard now, restrained in his jeans and begging to be able to release his throbbing penis. But each time he tried, she moved his hand away. Then she slowly knelt down, legs astride him, her hands on his chest, she moved herself so that her clit was now rubbing the bulge in his jeans, her eyes closed but her mouth slightly open, breathing harder and harder.

She reached her hand down, rubbed her nails up the inside of his thigh across his swollen crotch, teasing it by rubbing her nails along the zipper up and down. He was begging her now to stop the torment and release him from his jeans. 

She slid her pussy across him first, pushing down so he could feel him parting her lips, even through his jeans. She slowly, one tooth at a time, unzipped his jeans. She had just got over half way when his cock sprang out, still covered by his boxer shorts, barely. She ran her fingers along his inner thigh and he thought he was going to cum just from that.

She pulled his jeans away, and with them went his boxer shorts. So he was exposed in front of her, lying there on the floor, her right hand still on his chest, not letting him move. Her nails played with him, gently scratching his skin, working her way up and cupping his balls. Her hand slowly glided along his shaft, right to the top with her fingers curling around the top of his penis, then gripping him she started to wank him, a little roughly he thought, but it was incredible. She leaned back a little, took her hand off his chest, using it to rub her clit, and delved into her wet pussy with two fingers as she stroked his cock. She arched her back with pleasure as her fingers went deeper and faster. 

She was so wet - her middle finger moved down and brushed past her ass. God! That felt good, she rubbed her finger across and with her wetness, she eased her finger inside "Hmmmmmmmmmm," she exhaled, mouth open and breathing hard. She slid in another finger, his cock still in her other hand. She moved her fingers back to her swollen, soaking wet pussy and made her ass even more slippery. She moved up his body, guiding his cock towards her. She slid his head along her slit, back and forth, making it nice and wet. Then she moved a little more towards him and gradually pushed down onto him, feeling him sliding slowly into her ass. She nearly cried out, pain and pleasure combined as she took all of him inside her. She took his hand and brought his fingers towards her, getting them wet, covering them in her juices. He took the hint and slid two fingers into her pussy. He could feel himself as he fucked her with his hand and his cock, her hands were on his thighs, her head back as she rode him. 

She could feel him thrusting harder, getting close to orgasm as she pushed his fingers deeper inside her, she could feel her own orgasm racing towards her. The intense pleasure was overwhelming and she couldn't contain herself anymore. She bent forward and pushed hard down onto his hand sending shockwaves over her whole body. She gripped his shoulders, pulling them both closer together. She let go completely. Her body shook as wave after wave of her orgasm pulsed through her.

He pushed his hips up, his cock buried in her ass as he came "fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck" he cried out as he emptied himself inside her. 

She collapsed, breathless on top of him, unable to move for some time. 

That bastard TV repair guy hadn't been able to keep his mouth shut. He'd been bragging about their meeting the other week, boasting that he had seduced her, rather than what had actually happened. So much for thinking he was a little shy and nervous. 

She was furious. How the hell could he do that to her? Because he's a bloke. And they can't keep their stupid mouths shut - just have to brag to all their mates about anything and everything. 

She stayed at home the next couple of nights, mulling over what he had said and that she was clearly being labelled - something she wasn't at all happy with. She really didn't want to face anyone in the bar. Then she had a wicked idea "let's see if he'll boast about this".

"Hi, it's me again, yeah my TV in my bedroom is broken and I just wondered if you were free to ..."

She had shopped online and had received in the post that morning something very special for him, something that would ensure tonight was an experience he would never forget. 

By the time he arrived she had got everything ready. She was wearing her best outfit, a silk robe, almost open at the front, underneath silk, crotchless panties, peep hole bra, stockings and high heels - enough to make any red blooded male stop in their tracks, and it didn't disappoint.

He was utterly spellbound. She led him upstairs and motioned to the TV - "It's about as fucked as I was last time we met," she said, her voice hardly disguising her contempt. "The thing is, since you are up here, you have to obey some rules," she said, her confidence building all the time. 

He was more than happy to comply. "Anything, anything at all," he said, a lustful smile spreading across his face.

"Ok, you have to remove all of your clothes before you start to fix it," she demanded, and he diligently complied, his clothes forming a pile on the floor in seconds. His penis becoming stiffer as he stood in front of her, completely naked.

"Right, the only flat surface to work on the TV is the floor, so you'll need to put it down there, and probably get on all fours."

He did exactly as instructed, getting down onto the floor, his backside in the air - she moved across the room in front of him. From nowhere she produced hand and leg cuffs "These are to make sure you don't leave until you have finished," she explained. 

His smile even wider "Wow, that's pretty kinky" he said, clueless as to his fate.

She shackled him to the bed and heavy chest of drawers, he wasn't going anywhere. With him just where she wanted him, she stood facing him. She dropped the robe to the floor, her body delicately wrapped in the sexy underwear, stockings on beautiful legs, a feast for his eyes ... She parted her legs so the crotch of her panties opened a little, showing her silky smooth pussy within.

Her hands moved across her body, brushing over her breasts, down to her thighs and back, rhythmically moving, captivating him. Every now and then a finger would find its way inside the slit in her panties, and emerge wet and glistening. 

This dance continued. She dipped down, spreading her legs wide, letting him take her in with his eyes. She teased him with each movement of her body - really getting into it, feeling how hot and wet she was. 

She moved so she was behind him and bent over his body. She ran her hands across his buttocks, around his thighs and down to his penis, gently touching it before moving away again and repeating. He got harder and harder, trying to move to touch her. He was really enjoying this - what a great story for his mates, another conquest to tell everyone about.

Her hand pulled a bottle of lube from a drawer and she let some run down his back, making him think it was massage oil. She rubbed it in a little to start with, across his lower back, then onto his ass cheeks. He was in heaven ... a little more lube. But this time, she let it run down the gap between his cheeks, till he felt it. And now her finger on his hole. He tingled and arched his back a little, it was an oddly pleasurable sensation. She moved her lubed finger up and down. Gently she slid just the tip of it inside him. He gasped and tried to pull away, but she just moved with him, keeping contact. She let out a moan to let him know she was enjoying this. He relaxed a little moved with her, Almost in a whisper he purred "God that feels so good, give me more!"

Out of sight, she opened the drawer and took out the centre piece of the evening, the strap-on she had ordered. With one hand she managed to get it into position, making sure it was tight and wasn't going to come off until she was finished. Then with a squeeze of lube, she slid it into him.

He screamed out, even though she did it fairly slowly, she impaled him on the seven inch cock she was wearing, there were tears in his eyes. She grabbed his cock with one hand and pulled him closer with the other, fucking him in his ass and wanking him at the same time. Her end of the dildo was pressing hard against her clit, so the harder she fucked him the more pleasure she got, and she could feel herself cumming with each thrust. He was shuddering with waves of intense pleasure coming from him, a most unexpected feeling. Her hand was pumping his cock so hard he couldn't contain himself any longer. He erupted, cum squirted across the room and his orgasm knocked the wind out of him. 

She left him still cuffed to the furniture while she got dressed. "You'll need to clean that up as well as fix the TV now." she said as she left the room to make a drink.

The next night in the pub, he was surprisingly quiet about what he had been up to.