 Before I entered the world of New England college academia, as described in other stories I have written here, I worked for a couple of years as a high school English teacher in a small town in Minnesota.

The town, with a population of 2,500, was boring, and the school was boring. In an effort to liven things up a bit, I decided to start a Little Theatre company for both students and adults, and the school was gracious enough to allow me to use their stage free of charge.

One of the first plays we did was Wait Until Dark, which was about a young and beautiful blind girl who is terrorized by three burglars who break into her apartment. After tryouts, the girl I selected for the lead was Katie Knudsen. She and her sister Kendall were fraternal twins, and they did everything together, so Kendall volunteered to be the stage manager for the production. 

Like many of the families in Minnesota, the Knudsens were of Scandinavian descent. The father was a forest ranger, and the mother was a housewife, who had apparently decided to be very productive in a short period of time. She had produced the oldest sister, Kathy, in one year, the twins, Katie and Kendall, in the next year, and finally, the last one, Kristin, in the third year. Now, Kathy was 19 and in her first year at the University of Minnesota, Katie and Kendall were about to turn 18 and in their last year of high school, and Kristin was 17 and a junior in high school.

And like many Scandinavian ladies, these girls were absolutely beautiful. All of them were blonde and blue-eyed, with beautiful figures. The whole family became part of the theatre company, with the mother offering to be in charge of costumes, and the father helping with set construction.

The month was May, and the oldest daughter, Kathy, had just returned from college. Kathy was about five-foot-eight with shoulder-length blonde hair, beautiful blue eyes and the figure of a gymnast—which is what she had been at college. I was single at the time, and I guess the family felt sorry for me living alone, so they invited me to a Sunday dinner at their house.

"Mr. Baxter, do you like camping?" Kathy asked me as we were sitting around the table.

"Oh, I don't know. I've never done it. Why?"

"Well, I was planning to go camping this weekend with my college boyfriend Mark in Chinoqueg State Park, but he can't get away because he has to work, and Daddy doesn't want me to go alone," she said sarcastically. "Would you want to come?"

"Kathy...." Her mother began.

I thought about it for a moment. It sounded like it actually might be fun, and I had no plans for that weekend. "Sure," I said. 

"Great! I have all the camping equipment and two sleeping bags. All you will have to bring is whatever you want to eat—or to drink." 

"Okay."

"I was going to go in Mark's car, but he's not here, so can we use your car?"

"Of course."

"Could you pick me up Saturday morning around eight?"

"Okay."

"Are you sure you want to do this, Donald?" Kathy's mother asked. "Spending a weekend with a teenager like Kathy can be a trial."

I smiled at her. "I'm sure it will be fun." I didn't know then just how much fun it was going to be.



II—Kathy

I picked Kathy up at eight that Saturday and within an hour we were pulling into the reserved campsite at the state park. 

We pitched the tent together and spread the sleeping bags out inside.

We spent most of the day hiking through the park and then ate a hearty campfire dinner of burgers, salad and some white wine that I had brought. I didn't know what the legal drinking age was in this state, but I told Kathy she could have some as long as she didn't tell anyone else about it.

She actually had quite a bit more than some since it was a large bottle. So by the time she was ready for bed, she was feeling pretty good and in a chipper mood.

"I'll go in the tent and change first, then you can change," she suggested.

"Why don't you just hand me the bag with my pajamas in it, and I'll change out here while you're changing," I suggested. "It's dark enough."

"Okay."

By the time I had changed into my pajamas, I could feel the night getting quite a bit colder. This was after all early May, so the nights were still cold.

And that's why I was a little surprised when I got in the tent and saw Kathy sitting up in her sleeping bag clad only in a pair of thin white silk pajamas. I laughed.

"What are you laughing about?" she asked.

"Your pajamas. At least I'm wearing warm flannels. Your pajamas look more suited to a romantic night with your boyfriend." The two points at the front of her pajamas also made it apparent she was not wearing anything underneath them—at least on top.

"That's what it was supposed to be," she said. "Besides, this is all I had."

"Let's hope the sleeping bags are warm enough then." I crawled into my bag, zipped it up, and turned out the battery-operated camping lamp Kathy had brought.

But even with flannels, I could feel after a half hour that the tent was getting quite chilly.

"I'm starting to get cold," Kathy said.

"It's going to be a cold night."

"We could zip the sleeping bags together into a double bag. I think that would be warmer."

"Do you want to?"

"Yes."

So we both crawled out of our sleeping bags, spread them out, and zipped them together. Looking at the nice view of her silk-clad bottom when she turned away from me, I could see that she was apparently not wearing anything under them either, since there was no panty line.

She crawled into the double sleeping bag first, and I followed, zipping the bag up after me. 

"I think this will make us warmer," she said.

"I'm feeling warmer already." I assumed she would not know how I meant that.

"Can I cuddle with you to get warm?" she asked.

"Of course."

She scooted over, put her arm around my chest and lifted her right leg over mine. Now she was really making me warm, and I hoped she would not notice that I had the beginning of an erection.

"This is better," she said, snuggling up.

"You said it." I put my arm about her and pulled her close.

"It will take me awhile to get warm. I can always tell when I'm cold."

"How's that?"

"Give me your hand and I'll show you."

I gave her my left hand. Apparently, she had unfastened the top few buttons of her pajama top, since that's where she slipped my hand inside and placed it on her breast. Her breast was small, but it felt quite nice, and her nipple felt like a cold and stiff pencil eraser. Naturally, I was surprised at her boldness and wondered just how far this invitation was going to go.

"See what I mean?" she asked.

"Yes, your nipples are really cold." I felt the other one as well. "Would you like me to warm them up?"

"How would you do that?"

"I think the standard method would be to take them in my mouth."

She thought about it for a moment. "...All right."

I began then to think this was going to go a lot further. I withdrew my hand from her breast, reached over and turned on the camp lantern. "I like to see what I'm doing," I said as I sat up, but what I really meant was: I'd love to see what you look like naked.

When I turned back, I saw that she had unfastened the rest of the buttons and pushed her pajama top to either side. I didn't need any more invitation than that. I bent over and took her cold nipple in my mouth. I spent a long time sucking on and warming it up. Finally, I did the same thing for her other nipple, and she seemed to enjoy it thoroughly. When I was finally finished, I closed her pajama top and sat up.

"Is there anything of yours that needs warming up?" she asked with a sly smile on her face.

"My appendage is a little cold," I offered.

"I'll warm it up for you if you want."

That was all the invitation I needed. I straddled her body, took out my already-erect member, and scooted up until the head of it was resting on her chin. With a smile, she put her hand around it and put it in her mouth. She spent as much time sucking on it and swirling her tongue around it as I had with her nipples. I thought I had died and gone to heaven.

"You can come in my mouth if you want," she said as she took it out. "I'll swallow it."

As tempting as that offer was, I knew if she put it in her mouth just one more time, I would come on the spot. "Any chance of my getting something even better?" I asked.

"What did you have in mind?"

"I would love to have sex with you."

"Well, I'm on the pill, so if you want to do it, I wouldn't mind. In fact, I would like it."

Again, that was all the invitation I needed. I scooted down, took her pajama bottoms by the waistband, pulled them down and took them completely off her. And there it was: one of the most beautiful sights I had ever seen: a little blonde curly muff. I knew I had to warm this up as well, so I bent down and began licking her. She sighed. Then I spread her thighs and stuck my tongue in. It did not surprise me to find that she was already wet. She tasted pretty good too.

"Oh God......," she moaned.

As much as I was enjoying this, I was ready for the final act. I kneeled up between her thighs and pushed my pajama bottoms down. My cock was huge and ready. 

"You're bigger than Mark," she said looking at it.

"Thank you. What would you like me to do with it?"

She smiled. "You can put it in me if you want."

"Is there a better way to word that—using the 'f' word?"

She smiled again. "You can fuck me if you want." She spread her thighs a little further apart. "I would love you to fuck me," she said. 

And that's what I did. I pushed my turgid cock into her tight little pussy and fucked her slowly, trying to make it last as long as I could. It was a good thing there weren't campers near us, since they surely would have heard her moans and her cries of "Fuck me...fuck me...fuck me."

Finally, as she wrapped her naked legs around my back, I came deep inside her. I stayed inside her for a long time.

"I'm getting really cold," she said finally with a laugh.

"Me too." I reluctantly pulled out of her, took the towel from the corner of the tent, wiped myself off and then wiped her off.

"That was nice," she said after she had put her pajamas back on and slid back under the sleeping bag.

"I would agree." We slept naked the rest of the night, and in the morning I fucked her one more time, and I fucked her again just before we struck the tent. 

III

Katie and Kendall

We had just completed a two-hour rehearsal of Wait Until Dark in the high school auditorium, and the play seemed to be coming along very nicely. It was a one-set play in a small New York City studio apartment where the living room, kitchen and bedroom were all in the same room. Young Katie Knudsen was wonderful in the role of the young blind girl. She appeared to be a very talented actress, and I knew I had chosen well. Although she and her sister Kendall were twins, they were fraternal not exact twins, so while they looked alike, they did not look exactly alike, and Kendall for some reason seemed to be the more mature of the two. But both of them were beautiful Scandinavian blondes with perfect little figures. Between the two, Katie was slightly prettier, but I would not have turned either one of them down. As it turned out, I did not have to.

At the end of the rehearsal, I was in the process of securing the stage. The one custodian who had been there and wanted to leave early had asked me to turn off all the lights and make sure the front door was locked when I left. But I noticed that Katie and her sister were still hanging around after everyone else had left. Katie was still wearing the garb of her role: a yellow and brown pheasant-type skirt and a white satin blouse. Kendall was dressed in the standard high school garb of jeans and a school sweatshirt.

"Mr. Baxter, could I talk to you a minute?" Katie asked.

"Of course. Let's sit at the table."

She and her sister sat down. "Kendall has to stay here too because she's driving," Katie said.

"Okay."

"What I want to talk to you about is not the play but my sister Kathy."

"Oh." I wasn't sure I liked the sound of that.

"When Kendall and I were growing up, we were always jealous of Kathy because she was the oldest, and we always felt that she got the first choice of anything. We always wanted what she had." She looked over at Kendall, who appeared to encourage her to continue. "Anyway, Kathy told us about the camping trip she took with you. She said it was the best sex she ever had." She looked at Kendall again. "And we were wondering if you would do the same thing for us."

Once again I was stunned. "You're kidding," I said.

"We're not kidding. We want what Kathy had. What you did to her."

"You want to go on a camping trip?"

"That won't be necessary. There's a bed right here." She nodded over to it. "And there's no one here but us."

"You want me to do it here—and now?"

"Why not? Kendall and I have been talking about it, and we thought this would be the best place of all. No one would know."

"How old are you?"

"We both turned eighteen last week."

"That's right, I forgot. I remember now that you told me. Maybe this was the reason you told me. But what about protection? I certainly don't carry condoms around with me."

Katie laughed. "That won't be necessary. We have a very liberal-minded mother. She always insisted that her daughters be on the pill by their senior year of high school—whether they were having sex or not."

"So you're good to go in other words."

She smiled. "We're good to go."

I thought about it. I was a teacher in the high school, and even Katie and Kendall were of legal age—barely—they were my students. So I decided to do the right thing. I decided I would not have sex with either one of them. But I would be happy to fuck the both of them.

"Okay, I'll do it on one condition."

"What is that?"

"I want the both of you completely naked. I'll do you first, Kendall, while Katie watches. Then I'll do Katie, while you watch." I thought it would be nice to save the best, the prettiest, for last—sort of the dessert, so to speak. Katie was almost the spitting image of the young actress Kirstin Dunst.

The girls looked at each other, then nodded in agreement. So I just sat back in the chair and enjoyed the view as they both stripped off their clothes and underwear, with only a little embarrassment, and put them on the table. Kendall seemed to be quite satisfied to stand there completely naked with her hands at her sides, but Katie, who seemed to be more shy, covered her breasts with her right forearm and her little blonde muff with her left hand. Both of them looked absolutely enchanting, and I knew this was going to be an erotic treat. I stood up, took Kendall by the hand and led her over to the bed. 

"Lie down and spread your legs," I said. She did so.

Since I was running a risk doing this in the high school, I figured I might as well go for broke. So I stripped completely as well. Then I straddled Kendall and scooted up to her face. "Suck it," I said, "Just like your sister did."

She did so, and very soon, I was as hard as I was going to get. I scooted back down, bent and performed the same service on her.

"Mmmmmm," she murmured.

That was enough for me. I pushed my turgid dick into her tight little pussy and drove it back and forth until I was sure she had come.

"Aggghhh," she cried.

But I did not come in her. I wanted to save all of that for little Katie. I pulled out of Kendall and dismounted.

"Now it's your turn," I said to Katie, who was sitting in a chair beside the bed. She was no longer covering her privates, but she was breathing rather deeply. I think she had been turned on by our erotic performance. I took her hand as Kendall got out of the bed, and motioned for her to take Kendall's place. She did so—and spread her legs.

Her little blonde muff looked good enough to eat, and that's what I did—until I was sure she was aroused. She began to moan. 

"Put your ankles on my shoulders," I said. She did so thus offering me the perfect striking position for my big dick. She appeared to be a little tighter than Kendall, so I thought penetrating her would take a little more effort. 

And I was right. 

"Ahhhhh!" she cried loudly as I drove it into her. I plowed it back and forth into her, but it seemed to be causing her some pain and discomfort.

"Ow!" she cried.

I withdrew my cock and found to my surprise that my penis was covered with blood—as were the nether lips of her pussy.

"My God, you're a virgin!" I exclaimed.

"Was," Kendall corrected.

"I didn't think you would do it if I told you," Katie apologized.

"Did I hurt you much?"

"It doesn't hurt much now. I'm glad you did it."

"And I'm honored that you let me be the first."

I naturally thought that would be the end of it, but it was not. I lived in a nice little home in the woods without any nearby neighbors about six miles from town. Since Kendall was allowed to drive the car, she and Katie visited me about once a week for the rest of the summer. During the two hours that they usually spent there, we enjoyed a delicious and naked ménage a trios, and all of us learned a great deal about the joys of sex.

But finally, at the end of the summer, Kathy had gone back to school, and Katie and Kendall had both received scholarships to the University of Idaho, in Pocatello, and had gone there. I figured the three sisters would be a lovely erotic memory for the rest of my life. 

But I had forgotten about the fourth sister.

IV

Kristin

Near the end of the next school year in May, I was surprised to get a visit at my home one Sunday afternoon by young Kristin Knudsen. She had ridden the entire way out on her bicycle and was dressed in a yellow jersey, extremely short denim cutoffs and white tennis sneakers. Kristin looked a lot like her sister Katie, only a year younger. She also looked a lot like the actress Kirstin Dunst in other words: blonde, blue-eyed and a beautiful figure.

"My goodness, what are you doing here?" I asked as I answered the door.

"I didn't have anything to do, so I thought I would take a bike ride out," she said with a smile. "I wanted to see your house. Katie and Kendall told me so much about it."

"Well, come in then. Can I make you a cup of tea?"

"I would rather have a glass of wine," she said frankly.

That surprised me—and made me wonder what she was up to. "How old are you?"

"I just turned eighteen."

But somehow that did not surprise me. "Well, you're not driving, so I guess you can have a glass of wine. Sit down at the table in the dining room. I was just about to have a tuna fish sandwich for lunch. I'll make you one."

"All right."

So we had lunch together, a couple of glasses of wine together, and a nice conversation. She also told me about her plans for after high school. She had received a scholarship to Bennington College in New England. "So this may be the last time I see you for awhile," she said.

"Shame."

"Yes."

After about an hour, she rose, presumably to leave. "Can I use your bathroom before I go?" she asked.

"Of course. It's down that hall."

While she was gone I still wondered if she was up to something. I soon learned she was. After about ten minutes, she emerged from the bathroom and walked up the hall to the dining room. She was completely naked and covering her little muff with her right hand. But her small breasts were completely exposed and absolutely beautiful. If anything, she looked even more beautiful than her three sisters.

"I think I lost my clothes," she said with a smile, "Have you seen them?"

"No, but you look better without them."

"I guess you know what I'm here for."

"I guess I do. You look really beautiful naked. Are you a virgin?"
