 It had been a long boring day at the convention. I was glad I could finally sneak out. The only good thing about tending a business convention was the opportunity to get laid in the evening, I thought as I took the elevator down to the bar. "Well, if not laid, then pleasantly drunk and there was always Mother Thumb and her four daughters to make the evening pass with some degree of pleasure." Ah, but I didn't intend to resort to my hand tonight if I could find a willing gal, and ducking out of the boring lecture early gave me the advantage to pick up someone nice before the crowd of horny conventioneers descended and ruined it for everyone.

I walked into the bar and gave it the once-over. There were a few girls about and only a couple of other guys. They were older, middle-aged guys, probably discussing the damn business lectures we had been hearing all day. That meant there was a good chance for me. I knew what I wanted and it was definitely not a night of chitchat about work. 

I ordered a Scotch and sat at the bar. Two gals sat at the far end, giggly and chatting like a couple of high school girls. Not bad looking and barely of legal age, but I hoped for someone more poised and composed. A couple of other ladies sat at a table near the door. And I do mean ladies... ladies of the evening that is, aging ladies of the evening at that. They were obviously hookers and getting on in years. I marked them down as a last resort, a bit old for my tastes, but what the hell. I didn't like paying for sex, but it still beats the old hand job. 

I turned my attention to the only other woman in the place, a brunette at a table in the corner. I had seen her upstairs before lunch. If I remembered correctly, she was tall and stacked with curves to make a man cream in his jeans. I glanced under the table. Her long legs stuck out from a short red skirt - not too short or slutty - but revealing. Her calves curved down into slim ankles and small feet sleeved in high black heels. The points just kept racking on this babe and she was definitely the one I had seen earlier. That might give me some kind of an edge, I thought. She sipped a drink and scanned the room. 

I felt a strong attraction to her... in other words, a stiffness in my pants. She had a quality about her that seemed mysterious and aloof and my cock throbbed in a desire to get to know her. 

Okay, I had my target, but before I could make a move, one of the other men walked up to her and said something. She laughed and turned partially to the wall. 

"Ouch, he struck out big time," I thought. Probably dished out some dumb line like, "What's a gorgeous doll like you doing in a dump like this?" No, I knew right away, that a line wouldn't work on her; she wanted honesty.

I told the barkeep to send her a fresh drink and waited for him to point me out to her. When he did, she smiled and nodded her head ever so slightly. It was my invitation. Now to make my move. The hunt was on. I walked over and thought of what to say. By the time I got there, I had my plan of attack down. Honesty it would be.

"Hi, I'm Mark. You look lonely. If you invite me to sit down, we might be on our way to a little adventure. If you're not looking for adventure, then let's have a drink and chat a bit; pass the time." Simple. Straight forward. Right to the point. Would she take the bait?

"Adventure? You don't know what an adventure is; you may be asking for more than you bargained for." She pursed her lips and looked me up and down before continuing, "Sure have a seat and thanks for the rum and coke. I'm Kim and I like your style." Kim smiled, showing even pearly white teeth. She extended a slender well-manicured hand. 

I took her hand and gently kissed it. The European approach always seemed to buy me points with the women. I took a chair next to her rather than across. Shyness or false courtesy would get me nowhere. I had my reply ready and said, "Oh, but I do know all about adventuring. I have traveled all over the world, scaled the highest mountains, swum the deepest oceans, tamed the wildest beast," I bragged and grinned at her. 

She laughed. "Oh really? The highest mountain? The deepest ocean? The wildest beast? What beast would that be, my fearless adventurer?"

My turn to laugh a bit. I relaxed somewhat. Things were going smoothly. Kim looked me in the eye with her big blue ones and she smiled a lot. I was certain she loved the fake macho man image I painted for her and decided to take things a bit farther. "Don't you know? The wildest beast is the most mysterious creature of all. A creature of loveliness and sensuality. A creature of deep passions, of thunderous moods and sweet caresses. The wildest beast is a woman. A woman who wants to be tamed, but in the process tames the hunter," I whispered. Would she think this too brazen? I held my breath.

"Is that so? You mean a woman who wants to fuck your brains out?" Kim whispered back to me, a gleam in her eyes. She leaned forward and I smelled her perfume. It made my senses reel with desire. She smelled as good as she looked. And she looked stunning. "Or do you mean something more adventurous? Like maybe two women fucking each other, or fucking you?"

That last line threw me for a moment. Talk about getting to the point. Under the table, she slipped her hand over my thigh and stroked up and down, not close to my manhood, but definitely indicating the possibility.

"Ah... That would be a wild thing for sure and would certainly tame the hunter." I really was caught off guard and this was the best reply I could manage.

"So what is the wildest beast you ever tamed? A knockout model? Two of them? Three? How about the male beast? Have you ever tamed another man? Tell me what adventures have you had in your world travels?" Kim slid her hand over onto my erection. She smiled as she felt the length of it and then withdrew, taking up her drink. She sipped it and gazed at me with those fabulous blue eyes. "You did say that we might have an adventure tonight. Pray tell, what will that be?"

"I was hoping to go upstairs with you to my room." I was a bit taken aback with her blunt comments. What was this all about? It seemed my word game had gone too far, had become her forte. "I meant, your room, of course. You'd probably prefer your room. I'd take you up to your room."

"And what would we do there... Fuck? Is that your adventure? Maybe I'd suck you? Is that what you had in mind?"

"The thought had crossed my mind. It seems that you're willing to be with me tonight." This time I slid my hand under the table and felt her leg just above the knee. I didn't push my luck. I just let it rest on her lower thigh. I felt like I was closing in on the kill. The hunt was mine. Or was it...?

"So tell me, what about the male beast? Tamed any of them lately?"

"I... I... Men? Well, no I don't hunt men..."

"Oh, don't be alarmed. I've tamed a few women myself. A great change of pace on the hunt as I'm sure you'll agree. I'm just trying to find out what kind of exotic game you hunt my tongued-tied adventurer?" She smiled, waiting for an answer.

"Yes. I have... I have tamed a few men in my time. Sure. Most guys have experimented... but not since college days. I prefer the female of the beast. Much more adventure in chasing them, if you know what I mean." I tried to get the conversation back onto familiar ground.

Kim laughed. "Oh I do know what you mean. Now relax. I'm just teasing you. A bit of witty repartee." She leaned closer. Her gaze was so intense, her perfume almost narcotic in its affect upon me. Her long brunette hair framed her face like some masterpiece of Rembrandt. She whispered, "Oh... I'm quite willing to be your adventure tonight. I'll let you catch me and I'll tame your raging beast for sure." Her lips were full, red and sensuous. She licked the tip of her tongue across them and spoke very quietly, "But will you want me?"

"Of course. You're gorgeous. You easily qualify as that knockout model you mentioned earlier. I can't see any man turning you down."

"Really? You'd be surprised." Kim abruptly stood up. "Let's go." She headed for the door. She had moved so fast, my hand fell onto the chair. I hastily paid for the drinks and followed her out to the elevator.

We caught the elevator and found ourselves alone. As soon as the door closed, I turned toward Kim. She turned to me and our lips met. We kissed deeply and long, her tongue found spots in my mouth I didn't know I had. My cock pushed hard against her thigh as she rubbed up and down against me. Her breath was hot against my face, her perfume drove me wild with desire. We continued this one long French kiss all the way to her floor. I vaguely noticed we got off on the 10th floor. She quickly led me to her room and opened the door.

I grabbed her again and pulled her to me, kissing deeply. She had me so hot and hard. I momentarily panicked when she pushed me away. I stepped back, breathing hot and heavy, my pants pushed out in front.

What was wrong? Why was she slowing down the pace? I wanted her right there, the heck with the bed. 

"Honey, have a seat on the couch. She eased me down onto the small couch across from the TV. "I'm going to give you a little show and then if you like what you see, I'll give you the time of your life. I'll tame you all night long."

"Err... I'm already having a nice show." I pointedly glanced down. Her blouse hung open and the twin curves of her luscious breasts gleamed in the light.

"You ain't seen nothing yet, honey." Kim backed away, flipped on her stereo. Soft mellow music filled the room. She lit a couple of candles and some incense, switched off the lights and moved in front of me.

"Candles? Incense? CD player? Hmmmm, it seems that Kim had plans all along for company."

"But of course. Didn't you? Now, I'm going to dance for you. You stay put on the couch. No touching, no fooling around. You just watch. If you like what you see, we'll play. If not..."

"Honey, I already love what I see, but I love a strip show too. So go for it. You're making me hot."

"I certainly hope you love this one," Kim whispered as she swayed to the music. "I hope so," she repeated. The candlelight glistened in her hair as it swished back and forth across her face. She danced to the music and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. It fell away behind her. Her breasts were large firm melons hidden by a lacy bra. She twirled around and when she faced me again, her bra was loose. She let it slide down over her tits. Just to the tops of the nipples. I was about to burst my pants open. Slowly, she eased one side down, revealing the luscious brown nipple. It was taut and erect and I wanted to swallow it. The other side of her bra dropped onto her foot. She kicked the garment toward me. 

I clutched it and pulled it to my face, sniffing in her deep woman smell. Perfume, and faint bath oil and that indescribable sexual odor of lust. My eyes stared at her delicious mounds as she bobbed them up and down for me in her dance. God, my cock was going to explode. I started to unzip, to get some room for it at least.

"Not yet," Kim ordered.

I sighed, but did as I was told. I was able to rearrange myself so that my erection pointed down alongside my leg. At least, I wasn't going to break it off against my zipper.

Kim swayed her hips, thrust her tits at me, stroked her long legs with her hands. She turned around and presented her ass to me. This made me really hot, even though it was still covered by her skirt. I felt love juice ooze from my erection. This was really some show, but I wanted Kim to end it, to get onto the fucking I so desperately needed.

With her back to me, Kim slid down her skirt, slowly revealing the black lacy panties she wore. It seemed like it took forever before the full curves of her gorgeous ass cheeks were revealed. I could see the smooth white skin through the sheer material. Her panties bunched slightly in her crack, showing off her butt even more sharply. These knickers were a definite tease. I bit my hand in frustration at seeing all this beauty and being forced to sit still while Kim took her time in this arousing dance of hers. She finally let the skirt drop to the floor and flicked it to me off the toe of her high-heel.

Again, I caught her clothing and rubbed the skirt all over my face. Her aroma was stronger on the skirt and I felt like I was going to explode. I threw it from me and started to get up. I had to have her. I just had to.

"Not yet," she ordered. "We're almost done. If you like what you see, you'll get the time of your life. Just control yourself for a couple more minutes." It sounded as though she begged me to be patient. There was something in her voice.

Reluctantly, I sat back down. There was nothing I was going to do to jeopardize this night. I wanted Kim so bad, it literally hurt. Again, I rearranged myself inside my pants and waited out the eternity of the couple of minutes. I idly wondered why she kept saying, "If you like..." Hell, I loved what I was seeing.

Kim slid her hands down along her slim figure. With nothing on but a pair of lacy briefs it was easy to see the perfection of her body. She was nearly perfect in the curves department, not to mention breasts, ass, legs and the rest of her. Slowly, with her back to me still, she slid the panties down over her cheeks. God, were they gorgeous when she finally exposed them to me.

At last she was naked in front of me. As she turned around, she kept her hands covering her mound.

"Oh, honey. Don't tease me anymore. Let me see it. I want you."

Kim took a deep breath and let her hands drop. Where her pussy should have been, a huge cock jumped out. 

I sat up and stared. A part of my mind was confused, but a part of me admired the organ. It was impressive rod, longer than mine it seemed and completely void of hair as were the two balls snug against the base in their sac. Kim had shaved her pubic hair to form the top half of a heart with her cock sticking out like an arrow of love. 

I forced my eyes away and looked at her tits, at her legs, at her figure, her hairless very girly figure, and then back at her cock. Her cock? That didn't make sense, but there it was.

Then I looked at her face. There was a look of fear, of total desperation, but also hope in her eyes, a longing that touched my heart. This was why she put on such a provocative show. This was her way of begging me to stay with her. How strange it must be to find someone when you're not what you seem? My head started to spin as I glimpsed the heartache of her life in that moment.

I took a deep breath, realizing I hadn't been breathing. Not more than a minute had passed since Kim's revealing, but it seemed like eternity. Even the music had stopped and the room filled with silence.

It was all up to me and I knew it. Kim had given it her best shot and to tell the truth, I was still very much excited by her. Maybe even more excited now, I admitted to myself. My cock throbbed in answer to that excitement. Hell, I was as hot as a firecracker and about to rip my pants open with my hard-on.

Kim was very much a woman. I couldn't bring myself to think of someone with a body like hers being a man. She was a woman... but with a cock. Ok, face it and do what is right, I thought. I didn't know exactly what to do, but I knew I still wanted her. She had promised me an adventure and this was one for sure. She stared at me with that mix of fear and desire and I thought she didn't even breathe as she waited my reaction.

It was up to me. I stood up, undid my pants and shoved them down along with my underwear. Now my erection faced hers. I grinned. What else could I do? 

A huge smile spread across her face and tears welled in her eyes as she came to me and planted another of her tongue swallowing kisses on me. The adventure had truly begun.

She quickly stripped me of my shirt and we were both naked together. She moved us to the bed, all the time kissing me deeply. I was happy to let her take the lead. I wasn't exactly sure of how to proceed. She eased down onto the bed and leaned over me, her breasts above my face. Hmmmm, she did have gorgeous tits that had not yet felt my hands on them. With that thought I knew what to do. I started squeezing and mauling her breasts, rubbing over the nipples. I sucked one into my mouth and savored the taste and feel of it. This part was quite familiar to me and perhaps that is why Kim had led me to them. 

She eased down on her side next to me and gently fondled my erection. I groaned at the touch of her warm hands. Oh she knew exactly where to touch and just how much pressure to use. She stroked me so slowly and gently. It felt like heaven to my swollen organ. 

I divided my attention between her hungry mouth and her hard nipples, but soon I let one hand trail down over her smooth stomach. I found what I sought and gave her a caress for everyone she gave me. I realized that again, I knew what to do. How many times had I fondled myself in this very same way. I relaxed more and concentrated on giving Kim as good a hand job as she was giving me.

Both of us were superheated. I knew this foreplay couldn't last much longer. Kim knew it too and again took the lead by lowering her head down onto my throbbing knob. She kissed it gently and proceeded to suck it slowly into her mouth. I moaned and lay back on the pillow. She sucked as good as any woman I had ever had. Her mouth aroused me higher and higher. She squirmed around a little and we found ourselves in the classic 69 position. If she was going to suck me, then I darn sure was going to return the favor. 

Her organ was hard, deep-veined and tangy to the taste. I hadn't been lying earlier when I told her I had been with a couple of guys. I had. This wasn't the first cock I had tamed, but it sure was the best. Kim was no hairy man, but had the body of a gorgeous woman. I licked up and down the shaft, tongued her balls, took them gently into my mouth and then worked my way back up the shaft to the aching head of her cock. It oozed lots of love juice. I could tell I was dripping as well by the swallowing noises Kim made as she continued to suck on me. It soon became impossible to concentrate as she brought me closer and closer to orgasm.

I whispered my urgency that I was about to explode in case she wanted to switch to her hand. She only brought her hand over to the base of my cock and added more sensations to it with her pumping action. I couldn't even think of servicing her at the moment; my orgasm was way too close. I propped the pillow under my head so I could get a good look. 

I saw this beautiful face sucking my erection deep into her throat. Her cheeks caved in as she sucked and then puffed back out as she eased up and slid down the shaft. Her hand kept up a slow jack on the lower part of my organ. She held it tight to delay cumming as long as possible, but I knew that wasn't going to be much longer. Sperm swirled and boiled in my balls and they sucked up even higher against my shaft as the inevitable explosion ripped through my body.

I arched off the bed with the intensity of my cum. Kim stayed with me, sucking even harder as I blasted load after load of cum juice deep into her throat. I screamed as the orgasm peaked and stayed there. Finally, it eased up and I felt myself drained and my cock going limp in her mouth. She sucked me and pumped me with her hand until every last drop was out and every tingle of feeling had ebbed away. I moaned and cried tears of joy at the sheer intensity of my climax and the familiar afterglow descending upon me.

Kim lifted her head and crawled up my body to face. She started kissing me. I felt her tongue seeking access to my mouth and I eagerly opened for her. She pushed the last of my cum load into my mouth and we shared the tangy treat until it was all gone. Then she returned to my cock. She mouthed the head of my organ, making me jump with the sensitivity following the blast. Gradually her sucks became kisses and tiny licks of my limp organ. Already, I could feel my balls pull up with excitement. I was reloading fast, I realized and would be ready for another round very quickly.
