 The club was packed with people, all dancing, fucking, having a good time. Full on debauchery. Just how she liked it. She had already had her way with some of the weaker men and women. She used her powerful sexual energy to lure them in, trap them, make them do her body's bidding. She was bored now, and lay back on a couch, fully nude, just lounging. 

She then spotted a tall, well built man from across the room. He had a very dominant air about him. For the first time that night, she was mildly excited about a conquest. She locked her eyes on her prey. 

He had a much softer face than she anticipated; clearly he wasn't a cruel man, which was just as well, because cruelty wasn't her thing. She got up and walked over, her big, luscious ass swaying as she did so. She turned more than a few heads when she strode.

'Why don't you come over and fuck me?' she said outright.

Without batting an eyelid he replied 'make me, you're just another woman in here'.

She was taken aback, she had never been rejected in that manner before. She thought about just ditching him, but then she saw his massive cock and took a closer look at his chest. He would be well worth it. 

There was a pole in the middle of the dance floor. She climbed on it and started doing a slow, hypnotic routine, making sure she highlighted her ass, thighs and boobs. She exposed her pussy on numerous occasions. She locked eyes with the stranger, licked two of her fingers and stuck them deep into her pussy as she moved. She knew it was working, as she could see his cock begin to stir. She got off the pole and onto the floor where he came walking toward her. 

She grabbed his cock with her hand and squeezed. He felt intense waves of pleasure shoot through him, but wasn't about to let her control the situation. He slapped her hand away. She felt intensely aroused by the slap and the sparks in his eyes. He grabbed her and pushed her against the wall.

'You're playing with fire', he whispered, 'you bad, bad girl'.

Her pussy was soaking wet, his whispering sent chills through her. 

She pushed him backward, swung him around him and rammed him up against the wall.

'You're going to give me this cock now, whether you like it or not', she said.

Within seconds, he had her up against the wall. He slammed his cock into her and she cried out. She hadn't expected it to be so big or to fill her up so much. 

To him, her pussy felt heavenly. It was tight, dripping wet and hot, with each thrust it swallowed his cock hungrily.

She started to scratch and bite his neck, and move her body, trying to dictate the rhythm. He slapped her ass strongly to dissuade her, but it didn't help. They grappled against the wall, biting each other, gripping each other, beating each other with their hands. Her ass was red, his back had her hand prints on it. The power play was going incredibly fast. She was growling and snarling in pleasure, and her dominated her body completely with his cock. 

She began to rock her hips back and forth, so that as he thrust forward, her pussy came to meet his cock and engulf it. This motion was nearly his undoing, but somehow he kept from cumming. 

He clawed at her skin, ripping it open as small rivulets of blood began to run down her shoulder. As if he was hungry for her very essence, he ran his tongue cross each scratch mark as he relentlessly pounded her with his large cock.

She screamed out in pleasure and bit him on the neck, creating a large bruise as her nails dug into his flesh. He flipped her over and slapped her across the back and ass and pushed her head down onto the floor. She obediently placed her ass high up in the air. 

She was trembling in anticipation. He slid his cock deep in her and growled as he did so. With every motion he took, he slammed her head down. He pulled out when he was bored. 

She raised her head, he long hair flicking back all the sweat that had accumulated on her glistening body. She pushed him down to floor. He caught her hand and dragged her down with him. She tried to climb on top, but he threw his full weight on her body and gripped her hair and pulled it right back, til her throat and neck were exposed to him. He began to trace his tongue along the underside of her chin while his other hand gripped her neck squarely. She hated that, it made her feel trapped, but she was intensely turned on by the power play. 

They writhed together, grappling and struggling for a few minutes to gain domination over each other. She won eventually, she impaled herself on his cock, she used her thighs to squeeze his hips so that he could not move and pinned his hands down. She impaled herself upon his cock and rode herself to two orgasms.

He broke free of her hold and brought her to the floor. He looked up at the ceiling. There were harnesses hanging down from it. He called two of the club staff to help him. He had her suspended in the air, hands tied behind her back, hanging upside down while he shoved a 12 inch dildo up her ass. He then lowered her to cock level and stuffed his cock in mouth. Her domination was complete as she dangled there, hanging, giant dildo in her ass, cock deep in her throat.

He began to rock her gently back and forth so that her mouth automatically took his cock. He felt himself getting close. He pulled back, and slapped her face several times with it, making her cheek bright red. He moved the head over her lips, the sensation making him release his hot, sticky cum all over her face and tits. She passed out while he did this and hung, cum glazed and satisfied.