 I first met Linda over a year ago at the annual meeting for our local credit union. At that time we both were elected to the board of directors. As "junior" members we found ourselves in a whole new world of economic and legal issues. Running a business like a credit union is no simple task. 

Linda was tall, striking and about my age. Her dazzling green eyes immediately caught my attention. She looked terrific in her navy business suit and silk blouse and I suspect she would look great in anything or nothing. Even though her skirt modestly touched her knee, when she sat I caught a glimpse of nicely toned legs. I wondered if she works out and if so, where? I needed to refocus as my thoughts went to sweaty bodies and maybe sharing a shower and towel. 

About two weeks prior to the next meeting, I received a large packet in the mail. I remember the stack of paper was nearly an inch high. As I was staring at it, the phone rang and my "hello," was countered with Linda saying, "Did you receive something interesting in the mail?" 

"As a matter of fact, I just received a rather large packet in the mail. There is enough paper here to kill a forest. Have you had a chance to look through it?" 

"I just started. What have we volunteered for?" 

"I was thinking the same thing." 

"Want to meet and go through it? 

"Absolutely." 

We chose a convenient restaurant and during dinner tried to wade through the mound of paper. Although dinner was fine, reviewing the paperwork at the same time proved to be a bad idea. I proposed we alternate meeting in our homes where we could cook dinner and go through the material. Linda was agreeable so I suggested my place first. 

That began our meetings on a monthly basis that have been going on for more than a year. Over time, we became more comfortable with each other and she started sharing more personal information. Linda had been married twice, no children, the first ended in divorce and the second husband died five years ago. She never talked much about them except to say the last one was older and died from cancer. Like her, I was divorced with no children. 

Articulate, smart, and not afraid to speak her mind, Linda worked as an executive assistant for the president and CEO of a small manufacturing company. One of the things she frequently pointed out as we reviewed our board meeting material was the editing errors. She would find typos, syntax errors, and poorly written sentences. She would say, "I do so much editing at work that it's second nature." 

I felt a bit intimidated and would double check my emails. But, sure enough, now and then she would point out an error. No malice, put down or anything else negative, just something she did. I will confess that secretly just once, I'd like to find an error in one of her emails. It's never happened but I still hope. 

After Linda and I completed the review of the board material, we would often discuss the events of the day. We progressed from talking over coffee to sharing a bottle of wine. We solved the problems of the world and visited every subject ... except sex. She was more than willing to share her opinions and views. For the most part, we were in agreement. I knew she didn't have a boyfriend and I wasn't sure if I wanted to go down that path just yet. 

Recently, Linda and I were reviewing an audit report performed annually by a company the board has used for several years. We came across a page that caused her to exclaim, "Doesn't anybody look this over before they send it out?" I must admit even I questioned what I was reading. I know from personal experience that funny things can happen with various word processors and sections of a sentence can just disappear. It appeared that's what happened with this document. "Always an editor," she laughed and I agreed. 

Later that evening, after pouring the last drops of wine, I decided to take a big leap and asked Linda if she ever edited documents privately for other people. She replied "no" and asked what I had in mind. I told her I had written a story to submit to a website that featured erotic material but wanted it to be reviewed by someone with editing skills. "It's just a story I've written for the fun of it but I know my writing skills could be more polished. "Would you lend your editing skills to my work?" I asked with caution. "I would feel better if someone else looked it over. If you'd be willing to at least look at it, I will send it to you in an email tonight. "After you read it and if you are comfortable with doing so, I would welcome your help. If not, that's ok." Linda paused, dropped her beautiful eyes and became quiet. I suddenly felt I'd crossed a line. 

As Linda sipped her wine, I could see there was a lot going through her mind. I began to wish I hadn't acted so impulsively. If she declines, I'll blame the wine. Much to my relief and after what seemed to be torturous amount of silence, her eyes met mine. No smile. "I'm not sure about the erotic material but I'll take a look for grammar and punctuation errors and let you know." 

That evening when I returned home, I did a quick read of my story and then sent it on to Linda. I included a note thanking her for her time looking at it, and hoped she would agree to provide her editing skills. 

Two very long days passed with no emails or phone calls from Linda. I really felt I pushed too far and she would be angry, upset, and put off. Late in the evening of the third day, she called with quite an erotic narrative of her own. 

"I almost decided not to edit the story but since it was from you I reconsidered. I gave your story a quick look when I first received it but only got as far as the first sex scene. It was pretty explicit and beyond my literary and personal experience. The steamiest thing I've ever read was a romance novel. I almost stopped then and there. But, since it was from you, I decided to read the entire story. It was a challenge because the content needed to be reviewed but the language affected me. I concluded the story was ok and there weren't too many changes to be made. Since I knew what to expect language wise, I read it a second time to get a flow of the story. I just let it be and thought I would make my editing suggestions with you the next evening. Much to my surprise, that night I had the most restless sleep. It's been a long time since I've slept with a man and your story unleashed a lot of repressed desires and thoughts. Tell me, do people really have sex like that?" 

"That and more." I could hear her catch her breath from my response. I was pleased and definitely surprised by her reaction and those of my own. My heart rate jumped and she had my full attention. In my excitement I asked, "Did the story turn you on?" 

For a moment all I could hear was the sound of her quickened breathing. Then a reluctant yet committed, "Yes." 

"Did your read the story again tonight?" 

"I just read it again before I called. I know this is crazy and so unlike me but uh, I am uh..." 

"Turned on?" 

Linda's answer came much quicker this time, "Very. There is a lot of sex I evidently have missed and I have this uh, unfamiliar desire to uh ...um... hear those words for myself." 

Aroused and encouraged I felt this was going in an unforeseen yet delightful direction. "I like hearing this from you. Your voice is warm and wanting. I would love to take you in my arms, feel your heart beating next to mine, and knowing this is something we both want and won't resist." 

"Oh, yes, I want that, too. After we kiss, I want you touch me like in your story. I want to feel your hands move down my body, gently holding my breasts before moving down to pull my hips closer to yours and feel you hard and ready." 

My dick was in full erection mode now. 

"Run your hands and fingers over your breasts and tell me if your nipples are hard." 

"Yes, they are." 

"Reach down and touch your pussy." 

I heard her gasp and then sigh. "Run your fingers between your lips. Enjoy the wetness."

Another gasp. "How does your clit feel when you rub it?" 

"Wonderful." 

"Wouldn't it be nice to feel my tongue all over your tits and clit?" 

"I've never had that." 

"You've never had oral? How about tomorrow night we change that?" 

"Oh my God, yes. That would be wonderful. My place at 7." 

"In the meantime, would you enjoy some phone sex?" 

"I've never done that but it sounds like we've already begun. Keep going."

"Are you comfortable masturbating." 

"I've done it a few times but I felt like it wasn't something good girls do." 

"We need to change that thought. Nice girls not only do it, but enjoy it. I want you to run your hand all over your pussy. Picture in your mind that it's my hand exploring you. Take your other hand and fondle your breasts. Enjoy their softness and how sensitive your nipples are. Now take the hand on your pussy and slide your fingers down your slit and push one deep into your cunt. Doesn't...that...feel...wonderful?" 

"Oh, yes," came a soft and breathy reply. 

"How I wish it were my fingers there right now, my cock is hard just thinking about it. Now, I want you to slide your finger out of your vagina and gently touch and stroke your clit." 

She began a quiet moan and her breathing became louder and gasping. Then, suddenly, her noises became more urgent and loud. 

"Oh, yes, that's it Linda!" I repeated as I could hear her get closer to climaxing. 

"Oooohhhhh, yesssssssssssssss.!!" The words came deep from her throat and the sounds that followed were that of exhaustion and satisfaction. 

After she recovered, I reminded her that tomorrow night there would be that and a whole lot more. 

"I'm not sure if I will be able to sleep tonight." 

"Good. If you get horny, you know what to do." 

"Were you touching yourself during our conversation?" 

"Yes, I was. I was stroking my cock and wishing it was your hand." 

"I like that image," she said with a sigh, "I know I will be more than ready for you tomorrow."

"I'm looking forward to undressing you." 

"Oh, me, too!!"

"See you tomorrow." 

As I drove over to Linda's house, my thoughts were about the conversation and unexpected phone sex last night. I wondered if her suppressed feelings would erupt like a volcano and unleash a whole different woman. Based upon how she responded on the phone, I was looking forward to finding out. I arrived at the appointed time, and per her instructions, the door was unlocked. I walked in. I had been to her home many times but, this time, the setting was dark and inviting. The smell of the scented candles scattered around the room, filled the air and supplied the only light. It was a warm, romantic, and sensual atmosphere. 

Candles were in a row atop the mantle outlining Linda as she stood in front of the glow from the fireplace. She was wearing a lovely short black dress complete with sheer black stockings and high heels. She looked amazing and I told her so. 

I walked over, took Linda in my arms and kissed her inviting lips. She responded by opening her mouth and our tongues were soon engaged in their own dance. We held each other tight and I reached down pulling her pelvis into mine; my hard dick pushing into her. 

As we continued to kiss, I reached down and slid my hand up her leg under her dress. Linda sighed and kissed me harder; shoving her tongue deep into my mouth. I caressed her breasts and she was practically panting. She was braless and her breast completely filled my hand; her erect nipples were pushing hard into my hand. She responded in kind and reached down to cup my balls and slide her fingers up and down my throbbing hard-on. I quickly unzipped her dress allowing it to fall to her feet. She stood before me bathed in the warmth of the fire and absolute loveliness. I kissed each nipple then knelt down to help her step out of her heels. Her wet and eager pussy was covered by sheer pantyhose that I slowly peeled down her legs. 

I wanted to plant my mouth all over her pussy and lick her clit but she pulled me up. She gave me a quick kiss and said, "My turn." 

Linda didn't take any time removing my shirt and running her hands through the hair on my chest. She enjoyed kissing, licking, and sucking my nipples. While she was doing that, she slid her hand down the front of my slacks and held my hard cock in her hand. I was so turned on I thought I was going to cum in my pants. 

She knelt down and easily unbuttoned my slacks. With a quick pull on the zipper, she soon had my pants down around my ankles. My hard cock was barely hidden by the bikini briefs. Linda ran her fingers over the outline of my dick before helping me step out of my shoes, socks, and slacks. 

"What do we have here?" Linda said with a big grin. "I think it wants out to play." She gently removed the offending clothing that held my eager dick in bondage. When she freed my cock, it was hard and pointed straight at her face a few inches away. She gasped and exclaimed "Oh my!" 

"All for you, my dear." 

I pulled her up and we exchanged a passionate kiss. Our hands were soon occupied with body parts. I cupped her breasts and she held my cock. 

When we separated, Linda said she wanted me to do her a favor. She handed me a sheet of paper that contained part of the story I had sent her. "I loved the couch scene and I want to do that." She sat me down on the couch, sat in my lap before stretching out with her head on the arm rest, her legs bent, knees apart and fully presenting her cunt for my viewing. "First read out loud what I highlighted." 

I liked that part of the story, too, so who am I to refuse such a wonderful request?

As I read the story, I held Linda's breast in one hand and rolled her hard nipple between my fingers. She put her hand down on her pussy and brushed it with her fingers. Her eyes were closed and her fingers made a slow circular motion over her lovely pussy lips. I did my best to read and watch her hand at play at the same time. She was sighing deeply by the time I finished reading and her fingers now rubbed her clit. 

"I find it very erotic watching you touch yourself." 

I added my hand with hers and inserted my finger into her wet cunt. Linda let out a gasp, moved her legs wider and pulled my hand until my finger was in as deep as we could get it. She just held it there and tightened her vaginal muscles around my finger. Finally, she relaxed and I began a slow and long finger fuck. Her sighing soon became panting; and, when I slid my finger up and touched her clit she let out a loud gasp. After rubbing her clit for a few moments, she tensed and then her body shook with a long orgasm. 

"That was so wonderful! It was mind blowing. Hearing you read a passage from your story really turns me on. However, reading it is one thing but feeling it is a whole lot better." 

"I thought you really enjoyed your orgasm last night when we were on the phone?" 

"I did, very much. However, I really enjoyed the way your fingers brought me off" 

"Are you ok with doing yourself? 

"I am now. In fact, I woke up horny thinking about our phone sex and couldn't wait until tonight so I pleasured myself again this morning while I thought of you. I've never done phone sex and I really enjoyed it." 

"It was exciting watching you play with your pussy as I read the story. As I recall, I came here tonight to share another part of the writing with you. I'd love to take you to the next page. Ready?" 

"I've been thinking about it for the past two days. I don't have any experience with oral sex - giving or receiving. After reading your story, I want to experience what I've been missing." 

I gave her a wolfish grin, kissed her on the mouth and slowly worked my way down to each nipple. I changed her position so she could sit on the edge of the couch and I knelt between her legs. I rubbed my hands up and down her legs giving firm and special attention to her inner thighs. I gazed with delight at her pussy glistening with the wetness from her orgasm. "Your pussy looks so inviting and there is a clit protruding between irresistible lips just begging to be kissed." 

She closed her eyes and just sighed. "At first I found the language in your story shocking but now I think it's erotic and I want to experience it." 

I licked and kissed up her thighs toward her eager love hole. I kissed all around her pussy lips and then I moved down and licked all around her cunt. Linda responded with a series of sighs and shifting of her pelvis to meet my mouth. She let out a loud gasp when I put my tongue into her cunt. I licked and sucked on her cunt with great delight while she cooed and pulled my head harder into her pussy. When I ran my tongue up her slit and touched her clit, she practically moved off the couch. I looked at her and she had a surprised look on her face. 

"Sorry but that is so intense." 

With one smooth motion, I had Linda back into position and this time I held her legs in my arms and slowly moved my tongue from her cunt to her clit. She gasped and squirmed but I held her in place. After a few moments of circling and touching her clit, she relaxed and pulled me in tighter. Her breathing quickened and she shook as an orgasm rolled through her body. 

It took a bit for her to recover and then she looked at me with a smile, "That was the most incredible thing I've ever experienced." 

"I love oral sex. In the old days we called it muff diving. Not sure what they call it now." 

"After I do you, would you go muff diving again?" 


"My pleasure." 


"And mine." 

I stood in front of her and she held my semi-erect cock in her hand. She looked up, smiled and then kissed it all over. It was my turn to sigh and enjoy her sensual touch. She kissed it on the head and then she took part of it in her mouth. While still holding it in her hand, she looked up at me, "I like it. It's interesting that it is hard and soft at the same time. Would you teach me how to use my mouth on your dick?" 

I smiled, took her finger in my mouth and showed her how to take me in her mouth without having her teeth involved. With a little trial and error of hand and mouth placement, she soon had the touch well in hand so to speak. For a beginner, she was doing very nicely. I loved the way her warm and wet mouth felt around my cock. Watching it slide in and out was an added pleasure. I finally had to stop her before she took me to the point of no return. Cumming in her mouth will happen another time. 

Linda understood and with a smile kissed the top of my dick. "I really enjoy the way your cock feels in my mouth and hand. I can see why you have so much oral sex in your story." 

Linda moved back on the couch so I could position myself on top between her legs. I placed her hand around my dick and she guided it to her eager and wet cunt. She sucked in her breath as I started to insert my cock. As she relaxed, I gently and slowly stroked until my dick was all the way in. I held it there in place and gave her a multitude of kisses. "I have another small favor to ask, she whispered. I want to watch you cum so would you do it between my breasts?" 

"I would love that. I would love to feel your hand bringing me off all over your tits. But first..." 

I did my thrusting slow and easy and she was very responsive. It didn't take long before her body clenched and she held me tight as she experienced a strong orgasm. I let her recover and began again. My thrusting became harder and faster and she was matching me with her own pelvic movements. After another orgasm, I could feel mine was getting close. I held as long as I could. When I pulled out, Linda grabbed my cock, wet with her cum and started pumping it. Her hand wrapped around my dick and jacking me off felt wonderful. After a few moments, my cum was shooting between her tits. As my orgasm subsided, she surprised me by pulling me up to take my cock into her mouth and milking it dry with her hand. 
