 This is part one of a series where Simon finds being away from home brings some real pleasure.

I had stayed at the Yarbrook Bed and Breakfast twice before whilst on courses in the nearby town. The company I worked for couldn't afford the expensive hotels that cost almost three times the rate we were paying at the Yarbrook. Besides, there was something very charming about the small, family-run guesthouse. It was literally someone's house converted into a mini hotel. The breakfast was great and after a long, hard day without seeing daylight it was a pleasure to return to.

Being away from home is never the best when you have a young family. The Yarbrook is a haven from a technically demanding subject and it does give me the chance to read books without screaming children in the background. I do miss my wife but an occasional short break is always welcome.

My course started very early each day so I had to get my breakfast quickly before leaving to battle the rush hour traffic and get to the training centre on time. The room I'd got on this trip was on the ground floor of the guesthouse beside the kitchen. On previous trips I had been upstairs and had only ever met the elderly owners and their son. These were good friendly people who worked hard at making their guests feel welcome.

On my first morning of this trip I slipped out of my room, nice and early, into the kitchen to almost walk into the owner's wife who was preparing breakfast. I gave a friendly 'good morning' and moved my eyes to the other woman who was helping her. In a brief instant my eyes took in this younger woman who was stood with her back to me arranging some bacon on a grill. Her jeans were tight enough to show that she had a nicely proportioned rear and shapely legs. Her black hair was scraped back into a scrunchy. This was a true moment of appreciation that caused me to take a silent breath.

'Miss Gorgeous Arse' (as I labelled her) looked up as I passed her and gave me a smile that would launch a rocket.

"Good morning, what would you like for breakfast?" She asked in a bright and breezy manner.

I pulled myself together, smiled back, directly into her beautiful face and gave her my order. As I moved past her I also managed to catch the pleasing profile of her breasts. They were pretty impressive. This beauty had a compact and well proportioned body. In short, she was a real pleasure to look at!

"No problem. Go and take a seat in the lounge and I'll be in with your coffee in a minute."

I took my seat and started to think about who this woman could be. I reckoned her age to be early thirties. Could she be the owners' daughter? She looked educated and I came to the conclusion that she was and therefore must help her parents out in the family business.

This dark haired, stylish beauty brought me my coffee with a smile and a wink. I got the same again when she delivered my breakfast and I kept my eyes glued to her whilst she moved around the breakfast room dealing with other guests. She was relaxed and had a pleasant way with everyone.

As I rushed my breakfast I imagined that she had an interesting day job and a boyfriend who was probably a rock climber or martial arts instructor. One thing I was sure of, there and then, was that if she were my girlfriend I'd be fucking her into next week. Anything else would just be a complete waste of precious time.

I finished my breakfast and left, smiling a goodbye as I went for the front door. 'Breakfast Beauty' (as I'd re-labelled her) looked right into my eyes and replied,

"Have a good day - see you tonight."

---

I returned to the Yarbrook at gone 7 o'clock that evening after a gruelling first day of my week long course. I'd already eaten and was looking forward to a night in my room watching TV and reading.

I had not expected to see 'Breakfast Beauty' hanging around in the kitchen area as I trudged through to my room.

"Hi Simon. How's your day gone? You're back late." Her honey slick words were matched by a radiant grin. She knew my name. How cool was that?

I felt myself blush as I took in her outfit. Unlike that morning she was now wearing some kind of nurses uniform. Her legs were bathed in nylon as black as her hair. Her breasts seemed bigger in this dress and as I took in their delicious shape I saw a name badge pinned to her blouse that read 'Jessica'.

"Great thanks Jessica - A lot better for walking back through this door." I replied.

"How has your day gone? Do you work elsewhere apart from here then?" I asked.

"I'm a carer," she said smiling back "I help Mum & Dad out. My day job helps to pay my tuition whilst I study for my Social Work qualification at college. I've only just got back myself."

"Wow! So you've had a long, hard one today then?" I deliberately delivered this double entendre to test her reaction. I'd had a crap day and fancied being reckless. I held my expression trying to look as if I'd asked a perfectly innocent question.

Jessica blushed and burst into laughter waving her hands at me in a dismissive gesture. She was stunning.

"What do you do? Or should I just assume that you're a comedian then?" She giggled.

Keeping a perfectly straight face, as if I'd done nothing wrong, I explained that I worked with computers hence taking the courses that led to me staying at the Yarbrook.

"Oh I'm sorry - I just thought your question was a little suggestive. Not bad humour for a computer geek!" She giggled again.

"You cheeky little student!" I retorted letting a broad smile creep across my face.

There was an empty moment between us and I started towards the door of my room. Jessica spoke first.

"At eight o'clock my brother and I are meeting some friends down at the Sword and Chalice. Tonight is the pub quiz. Do you fancy a night away from your books? This is my only night away from studying. It's good to get out."

Her eyes twinkled. There was no way I was going to refuse so at 7:30, after a quick shower and change of clothes, I met her at the front door of the Yarbrook.

"Where's your brother?" I asked.

Jessica explained he'd had a change of plans and so it would be just us walking to the pub. I happily accepted this fact as I then took in her outfit. She was wearing some heeled shoes, black tights, a black, Lycra mini-skirt and a zipped-up, black leather jacket. Her face was lightly made up and her hair was hanging free in a sexy, short, bob cut. With her slightly pale complexion and bright green eyes she looked like a film star. Her mini-skirt complemented her legs and stretched nicely over her arse. I could have sworn she was wearing either a thong or no knickers at all.

As we walked to the pub I found myself hanging back slightly, breathing in the smell of her perfume and watching her arse swaying (that amazing firm, round arse - gift wrapped in Lycra). We talked about studying and what we had done with our lives so far. Neither of us asked the other about wives or boyfriends instead we just enjoyed each other's company. My eyes were feasting on her and I was definitely getting aroused.

We found a table at the Sword and Chalice and I got us some drinks. Jessica's friends hadn't arrived so we chatted some more. Before we knew it the pub quiz had started. We hadn't got a question sheet and were too busy talking to notice that Jessica's friends still hadn't turned up. We had another drink and I suggested Jessica texted her friends to see where they were. I started to have an exciting suspicion that this was a setup.

"I can't get my mobile to work at the moment. Technology and me aren't compatible. Last week I lost a document on my computer that I'd been working on for ages. I've got to redo it for an assignment that's due in next week."

Without even blinking I offered to help out and have a look at fixing her computer problems. Her face immediately lit up.

"You can do that?" She asked.

"Yep. It's my job," I replied, smiling, "what made you think I was a comedian?" I asked this after remembering our earlier conversation.

"I thought it was funny that you asked if I'd had a long, hard one today," she smiled "come on let's go back. I'll show you my computer."

As we walked out of the pub I decided to re-visit my previous question.

"You didn't tell me why you thought I was a comedian." I persisted.

In an instant she stopped and motioned me into a shop doorway just off the main street. She moved her face close up to mine. I could almost taste her lipstick.

"I thought what you said was hilarious because I haven't had a long hard one in a long, looooonnnng time. I've forgotten what one is and as I still live with my parents it's not looking too promising for me on the cock front."

This was all so sudden and blatant but I wasn't going to play hard to get. This was a setup and for the first time, in a very long time, I was the victim. I didn't think of Jessica as a slut but a smart, attractive woman who also recognised an opportunity and rather than waste any time, wanted to get on with it. She was obviously attracted to me and knew I was attracted to her. It was I who made the next move.

"Now who's the comedian?" I quipped. "You're the one who's telling jokes because I think you're about to get plenty of cock."

Without waiting for a response I kissed her slowly, parting her lips with the tip of my tongue.

I swear my rock hard cock touched her within nanoseconds of our lips making contact. After what seemed like half a minute, she pushed me away and we carried on walking. Her hand slipped into mine and her heels clicked on the pavement a little faster. I had felt her tits through the leather jacket and I was hungry for more. I wanted this woman. I fully intended to fuck her brains out.

I slipped my hand out of hers and let it wonder onto her arse as we walked. God she felt good. I was disappointed that she'd kept her jacket zipped up so far.

As we neared the Yarbrook I suggested we go to my room and look at her computer the next night. It was only just past nine o'clock so her parents would still be around. Even though we were both mature, consenting, adults I still felt awkward at the thought of screwing the arse off my hosts' beautiful daughter in their part of the building. Before we got to the front door I pulled Jessica behind the garden hedge. She didn't resist and I kissed her hard on the mouth.

We were both breathing heavily now like teenagers before their first time. I could smell her perfume, taste her lipstick and now I really needed to feel up that sexy body. Her left hand was already rubbing my cock through my jeans so I grabbed two amazing handfuls of her arse and started to squeeze that firm Lycra-clad bottom. I started to get frantic feeling her mouth pushing against mine.

I moved my right hand up to the zip of her jacket and pulled it down, opening it up completely. I stepped back and took in the dark silhouette of her ample, inviting, rack.

Jessica was wearing an all-in-one, Lycra, halter neck dress. I ran both my hands over her delicious, big, soft breasts. She moaned and with a hand behind my head, she pulled my mouth back on to hers.

We were both getting well worked up as I felt her nipples through the fabric of her top. It was obvious by now that this hot little fuck-toy wasn't wearing a bra. In one deft move I slid my hands onto the edges of her halter neck top and pushed the fabric into the valley between her now, magnificently exposed tits. I started a slow rubbing motion, kneading her beautiful, soft breasts and savouring them in my hands. I pinched and worked her nipples with my thumbs. Jessica moaned like a porn star - her tongue vibrating sensuously in my mouth. This was just getting better by the second.

The cold night air made her shudder as it hit her tits. I spread my hands over them as she continued to work my cock. I was throbbing hard as she managed to skilfully find and rub my cock-end through my jeans. In response I started to get rough pulling, twisting and squeezing her beautiful, big tits. The elastic in her top was forcing them into the palms of my hands. Jessica's moans were starting to rise in pitch.

Being outside in the dark made this all the more daring and erotic. Without letting my mouth leave hers I let go of her tits leaving them nicely hanging out in the cold night air. I moved my hands down over her body and onto her arse. I squeezed her butt cheeks again. She pushed her arse back on to my hands and raised herself up and down on her heels.

I found the hem of her skirt with my fingers. I pulled the tight Lycra up over the globes of her arse, totally exposing her to my lustful wants. With her skirt rucked up over her waist and her tits hanging out, I let my hands wander back over her smooth, firm arse cheeks. I traced the contours of her arse taking in its firm nakedness. I felt the tops of her stockings and almost came on the spot imagining her, bent over a chair, just wearing her stockings and heels.

"You bad girl - No knickers on. I bet you've lost them eh?" I hissed into her ear before kissing my way down her neck and then back up to her talented mouth.

"I wanted to be ready for your cock. Take me."

Her moaning increased as I tightened my grip on her left butt cheek with my right hand, opening her arse crack. I slid my left index finger aggressively into her open arse crack taking in her damp butt hole. She jumped but I pressed on, sliding my hand along the length of her arse crack and down and into her pussy. She was both hot and very wet as I slid my middle finger between her pussy lips and only just up into her cunt. I circled my finger and brought my right hand round to her exposed front. Her tits were pushing hard in to my chest as she broke away from the kiss and clasped her arms tightly around my neck, her mouth hard up against my right ear. I ran my fingers through her bush and with my index finger teased her swollen clit.

I used my fingers to frenziedly diddle her clit moving them from side to side and in small, fast circular motions. With both my hands working on her cunt she pushed harder into me and started biting my earlobe. Her tits were bulging out from between us. Her breaths were getting shorter, harder and punctuated with moans.

"Don't stop.. Yes that's it..." she whispered her body rubbing up and down against mine, her exposed nipples catching the coarse fabric of my jacket.

Jessica climaxed - I took this as a cue to fuck her. I span her round and pushed her away down the side of the building. It was darker here but I could make out the white glow of her naked arse. Seizing the moment I cupped her arse and ran my hands up and down the curve of her back.

I undid my belt and jeans letting them drop but leaving my boxers still on. My cock was sticking straight out of the front of my boxers and I jabbed it hard in between her legs so it was rubbing her cunt lips. I could feel the red hot excitement all over my cock. I was seriously ready. I pulled her arse back forcing her to balance on her heels and brace her hands against the wall. The slight bend forward made her hanging tits rub against the cold brickwork of the house. I kissed the back of her neck as my cock eased up into her cunt. Jessica wasn't too tight and I slid all the way in quite easily. I was conkers deep and held her there, up against the wall. I reached round and felt the weight of her cold swaying tits in my palms. I loved the way those gorgeous tits filled my eager hands.

"I need to warm these babies back up. You don't mind if I feel your tits whilst I fuck you do you?"

"Just you try and stop... mmmm, nice cock... hmmmmm so deep... Oh yeah that's it rub my tits harder. Pull them. Yes!"

With her firm arse now pushed back into my stomach I pushed her harder into the wall lifting her off her heals. I couldn't get any deeper and I flexed my cock inside her making her moan. Jessica's body didn't seem heavy and I kept her raised off the ground so her toes were barely touching the floor. We were almost upright.

"Fucking yes… fill me with your cock. Screw me into the wall" She hissed.

My hands were digging hard into her tits and getting crushed against the wall so I pulled them out and grabbed on to her hips. Her face was turned to the side, her mouth open in ecstasy as I mashed her tits harder in to the brick wall.

Jessica gripped my cock with her cunt muscles. I could feel I was going to shoot my load. I started to push harder into her making her bounce up and down as my cock stayed firmly wedged in her cunt. I moved my hands up to the bulging sides of her tits.

"Don't come inside me - not here… no…"

I was getting close to the point of no return. No amount of dick control was going to stop me unloading.

"Oh God here it comes…" I gasped.

I pulled my cock out of her as the first jet of jism let fly. Using my left hand to aim, I sprayed my load all over her arse - my hand squeezing out every last drop. I could just make out the glistening beads of my cum on her beautiful arse globes.

Whilst recovering I rubbed my twitching cock in her arse crack as Jessica stood facing the wall, breathing hard. I could just make out that her eyes were closed and her tits were heaving against the wall. She straightened up and pulled her skirt down over he waist (soaking up my delivery of cum). As she turned round to face me Jessica squeezed her breasts back into the Lycra top.

"Now ask me if I've had a long hard one today!" she whispered.

I kissed her and we went inside the house.

To be continued....