 My head was throbbing and I reached to my nightstand for water. After taking a drink, I rubbed my eyes to get my contacts to adjust so I could see. The clock read 11am. It took me a moment to realize I was alone and my heart sunk.

 I climbed out of bed, grabbed a pair of shorts out of my dresser to throw on, and walked out into the living room. The only trace from the night before were my clothes still on the floor in the entry way. I was disappointed, but had never thought through what the morning after might be like. I grabbed my clothes off the floor and took them to the bedroom.

 As I reached into my shorts and fished out my phone, I noticed a piece of paper on my nightstand under my waterbottle. I threw the clothes in my closet and grabbed it. 

 "I didn't want this morning to be awkward, so I thought a note would be better. You have no idea how much I needed last night. Maybe we can repeat it sometime ;)

XO

Kelly

Call me anytime 555-0123"

 A little dumbstruck, I unlocked my phone and saw I had a couple of new messages from Julie:

"I hope you enjoyed last night! :D"

"I'm heading to the union for lunch at noon if you want to join."

 I texted her back that I would meet her there and jumped into the shower. Replaying the night in my head, I remembered Kelly's line while making out in the alley. It was still confusing. If Julie had just been a spy in the bathroom, then how did she know about my close apartment? I put on a shirt and shorts, grabbed my phone and keys and headed out the door.

 I was still trying to contemplate the details when I walked into the union. Julie was sitting in our normal booth in front of the sandwich shop. I ordered and sat down across from her.

 "Soooo...." She started.

"What the hell did you tell her?" I just blurted out. I hadn't intended for it to come out so hostile, and she looked shocked.

 "uh, well..." she stammered. I cut her off.

"Sorry, I'm not mad, Kelly just said that you had told her my apartment was close, so I was confused" I said.

"I didn't give you the whole truth about the bathroom, but I figured that would be better." Julie explained. 

 She went into the details and I was a bit shocked. The girls had been talking and freshening up in front of the mirror while Julie spied from the stall. Kelly had told them it had been almost a year since she had gotten any and Julie saw an opportunity. As the girls started to file out, she grabbed Kelly and told her that I was interested and lived close. She talked me up and told her "If you want a good pounding, then he is your guy tonight."

 I figured she would be a good wingman, but I didn't think she would be closing the deal for me. I wasn't sure if I should be excited that she set me up or offended that she didn't think I could do it on my own. I was lost in thought trying to decide which way to react when Julie fingers snapping in front of my face brought me back to reality.

 "Hello? Are you gonna give me the details, or just leave me hanging?" She questioned.

 "Nope, I don't kiss and tell" I joked, smiling.

 She pouted, looking at me with those puppy dog eyes. That look could make you want to do anything for her, so I began recapping the events. 

 "I knew she would be good for you!" She exclaimed after I finished.

 Yeah, it was good, but I don't get the note. When do I need to call her? I mean usually it's the 2 day rule, but I've never gotten a girls number after nailing her"

 "Oh you are so dense! She doesn't want to date you, she wants you to be a booty call, a rebound guy, a boy toy..." she trailed off.

 I had already figured as much, but I wanted to be sure I had understood that note correctly. Starting to get a little turned on thinking about it, I wondered if that night would be too soon to test it out. 

 "So what about your night?" I asked. "Did you and Travis have a good night?"

 "I went home alone," she sighed. "I just wasn't that into him."

 "Oh, I'm sorry. How about next time I help set you up then?" 

 She smiled at me, nodded, and went back to eating her sandwich.

 *********************

So back to the story at hand. Julie and I finished college. I ended up with a degree in exercise physiology, finished my sports performance and strength coach licenses, and got a job at a high end local fitness center as a consultant and one on one personal trainer.

 Julie finished her degree in education and was a teacher at a public high school. She had just been given the girls varsity basketball assistant coaching job as well. 

 We were still great friends and even shared an apartment. I had talked the gym owner into letting her come in for free to workout and use our facilities The only the condition was that Julie brought the team to a paid group session once a week. 

 As I reached the treadmills, she stood waiting, arms crossed, looking a little annoyed. 

 "I'm sorry," I started. "I totally lost track of time during my workout."

 "Yeah, lost track of it in that blondes ass..." She shot back, her icy eyes burning into me.

 "Shhhhh, not so loud, dammmit!" I hissed at her "I'm sorry, and yes, her ass is mesmerizing. You would have forgotten the time too." I said, and winked at her.

 Julie punched my shoulder. "Let's go." She demanded, "We've gotta make up the 10 minutes you spent drooling all over the floor". She hit the start button on her treadmill. And I knew I was in trouble.

 Julie had done a lot of things for me in the 5 years we had known each other, the biggest of which was helping me lose over 100lbs. She was the reason I had fallen in love with the fitness business and decided to make it a career. However, with as much as I trained and as strong as I had become, Julie could still run circles around me. I still think the best part of her day is watching me die trying to keep up with her.

 After we had jogged a 5 minutes warm-up, this evil grin flashed across her face. "HIIT day," she beamed at me. My heart sunk. That meant 45 seconds of hell with 15 seconds of recovery for as long as I could continue, followed by a 5 minutes jog and then doing the whole set over again. 

 The pain that endured was incredible, but I did my best to look good doing it. Kristen was still in the free weights area as we finished our first round on the treadmill. I was watching her do a deadlift exercise with some dumbells as we jogged, sticking that beautiful ass out in the air for the whole gym to enjoy. Julie's words knifed through the stream of dirty thoughts that had entered my head:

 "You're doing it again..."

"Huh?" I responded.

"You're staring, and I can only imagine what's going through that dirty mind if yours"

"Shut it!" I hissed, throwing her a serious look.

"You want me to go ask if she'll fuck you in the locker room right now? Or can we finish this workout first?" Julie flashed her devilish grin at me.

 My face turned bright red as two people on the ellipticals in front of us turned to look back. I was trying to come up with a witty response when Julie reached over and punched the 10mph button on my treadmill and we were off again. I only survived 4 more rounds at that speed. I was trying to catch my breath while jogging the cool down as Kristen walked by on her way to the locker room. I smiled at her doing my best to mask the exhaustion, and she smiled back and winked at me. 

 I played it cool until she disappeared into the locker-room and then glanced at Julie with a big smile.

"Smooooth" she smiled at me. "You want me to go ask her now?

"Oh stop," I sneered at her. "I'm perfectly capable of asking a girl to fuck me on my own" I gave her a wink and we stopped.

 Julie hopped off the treadmill and headed for the locker room.

"Don't you dare, Julie" I yelled at her as she disappeared through the door.

 I headed over to the mini fridge behind the front desk and grabbed a towel and a protein shake. I wiped down both of our treadmills and headed into the locker room to shower and change. I was standing behind the desk, waiting for my next appointment as Julie was leaving. 

 "See ya tonight" she said, and blew me a kiss. I waved to her as she walked out and saw Kristen a few steps behind her. 

 "Have a nice day" I said.

"See you tomorrow, Clark" she responded.

I paused, and checked for my name tag. I wasn't wearing it. 

"Son of a bitch" I mumbled.

 *****************

The next day was a typical day. I had a few one on one clients in the morning and Julie's team came through in the afternoon. After finishing up the team's agility workout, I was standing talking with Julie at the front desk when I saw a familiar head of blonde curly hair walk in the doors. Julie noticed my loss of focus.

 "So when are you gonna make your move stud?"

"Huh?" I responded, trying to act like I didn't know what she was talking about.

"The only thing that makes you lose focus like that is a pretty girl, and the only one I can think of here is that Kristen girl from yesterday. So when are you gonna make your move?"

 I could feel my cheeks getting hot and red. This girl could read me like a book. 

"I can't here, trying to pick up girls at work is kind of frowned upon..."

"I didn't say ask her on a date, go offer to do some one on one training or something with her. She's interested, otherwise she wouldn't have asked about you yesterday."

 "She asked or you told?" I shot at her.

"She asked, then I told." She said with a devilish grin.

"Told her what?!" I hissed.

"Wouldn't you like to know," she said, slinging her gym bag over her shoulder. "See ya later." She turned and headed for the door. 

 I was lost in thought, trying to figure out what Julie could have possibly said when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned and was face to face with a set of gorgeous blue eyes, pink puffy lips, and a beautiful smile.

 "Hi, I'm Kristen and I'm hoping maybe you can help me" she said, extending her hand out to me.

I took it and tried to compose myself enough to speak.

"Hi Kristen, what can I do for you today?" I said, trying to sound as professional as possible.

 She launched into a story about how she is a distance runner and training for a half marathon. I did my best to pay attention to what she was saying, but I couldn't help but think what it would be like to get this girl home for a workout. 

"So basically, I'm stuck, I'm not getting any faster and I really want to break an hour and 45 minutes this time."

 I snapped back to reality and focused. 

"So what we need to do is work on speed agility, and strength," I said trying to piece together the words.

 "Exactly!" She exclaimed with a little excitement in her voice. "So, is that something you can help me with? And what is your fee for one on one training?

 "Absolutely! I generally charge $50 per half hour, but we can do the first session as a trial to make sure it's what you want." I said, trying not to sound too excited.

 "That's sounds great, but I'm sure you'll be able to give me what I want."

I thought she winked at me but passed it off as my mind making things up.

"Well let's get to work then," I said. "Go jump on the treadmill for 5 minutes and I'll get a strength and agility circuit set up."

 ***********

 The next week was pure hell for her, and heaven for me. I wrote up a week long plan to help her with her goals, and then fought to keep my composure while taking her through each workout. It seemed like the amount of clothing she had on shrunk with each workout. I started looking forward to the reveal each day when she would come out of the locker room after changing.

 Friday rolled around and I had a plan to invite Kristen out to the bar with Julie and some friends that evening. We were finishing her workout and I had lost track of time when our the gym manager Alan tapped me on the shoulder. 

 "Hey Clark, do you mind locking up for me tonight? I have a date with my wife in an hour." He said.

"Sure," I muttered, not taking my eyes off Kristen while she finished her last set of deadlift.

"Beautiful." he whispered and walked off. I wasn't sure if he was talking about me closing or Kristen's ass, either way, I was too distracted to notice we were the only ones left in the gym.

 She finished stretching as I was cleaning up the free weights area and came over to me.

"I know you close in 5 minutes, but do you mind if I take a shower? My water heater went out and I'm sick of taking cold ones at home." She asked.

"Go for it." I replied, Imagining the sight of her nude with water streaming down her body. "I have to clean the cardio equipment and close up so I'll be here another 30 minutes or so."

 She grabbed a towel, threw it around her neck and sauntered off to the locker room. I watched her perfect round shaped ass bounce back and forth with each step. How I would love to spread both of those and find her sweet center in between. I had to adjust myself as I started cleaning the treadmills.

 I finished cleaning and putting things away for the night. I turned off everything but the entryway light and packed my bag so I could walk right out with Kristen. It had been 40 minutes and I hadn't heard or seen anything from the girls locker room in a while. I decided to go check and make sure everything was alright. 

 I opened the door and called into the locker room "You doing OK Kristen?"

 No response came back. That's odd, i thought. Maybe I missed her walking out when I was checking the guys bathroom.

 "Anyone in here?" I called out again.

 Nothing. I cautiously entered and walked around the corner, calling out a third time. 

"Hey Kristen, I'm ready to lock up, are you still in here?" 

 The locker room was empty. I checked the bathroom and saw no legs in any of the stalls. I started to turn to go check the showers when I felt hands slide around my waist and warm breath on my ear.

 "It took you long enough to come check on me," She whispered in a sultry tone

I had jumped when I felt the hands but tried to play it cool now. I grabbed a hand and slid her around my body. Kristen's blonde hair, blue eyes and full red lips came into my view, I felt bare skin as my free hand found her back. 

 I stared into those deep blue eyes for a moment as I started to realize what was happening. She was topless, and as my hand slipped down to the small of her back, I didn't feel any underwear either. 

 As soon as it clicked in my brain that she was totally nude, she attacked. Her lips met mine, and her tongue snaked into my mouth. I was stunned for a second, not believing this was actually happening. Her hand sliding under the waistband of my shorts brought me back from my shock and I kissed her back, sliding my hands down and cupping her bare ass cheeks.

 Within seconds both my shorts and underwear were around my ankles and her hands were sliding up my stomach and chest, peeling my shirt off as she went. 

 She broke our kiss as she slid the shirt up over my head. I felt the warmth of her breasts against my chest as she leaned into another kiss. My shirt fell to the floor as her pelvis met mine. I could feel her heat as my awakening cock slid up between her legs. 

 Kristen moaned into my kiss as she ground her pelvis against my cock. I slid a hand up her side to cup one of her perky tits. The her soft tanned skin felt amazing in my palm. Her arms locked around my neck and she slid one leg up my side and locked it around me.

 I locked my free hand around her thigh, as I was pretty sure I knew where she was going. Her moaning increased as she found my now-hard cock with her slit. At that angle all she could do was rub her sopping pussy up and down my shaft. She left a trail of sweet juices on the underside of my cock with each passing, but wasn't tall enough to get over the head and impale herself.

 She broke our kiss again, tongue snaking back out of my mouth.

"Fuck me, dammit." She growled, giving me a desperate, impatient look. 

 I grabbed her leg that was still on the ground and pulled her up to let my cock pass underneath her. She moaned hoping I would fill her like she wanted. I held her up so she could feel my head against her soaking lips, but careful to not let her sink down onto it just yet. 

 She attacked my lips again, trying to choke me with her tongue. She let out an excited gasp as I let the tip slip past her outer lips before pulling her back up off of it. She groaned and dug her nails into my shoulders, trying to force me to drop her onto my cock.

 I was enjoying the tease, not used to having a girl in this situation. She pulled away again, gave me a fiery stare, and was about to say something when I let her hips drop.

 The look of absolute ecstasy on her face was priceless and my head drove past her outer lips and buried deep into her sopping pussy. She bottomed out on my cock and her pelvis met mine with a wet slap. 

 She seemed in shock and I could feel her pussy walls tighten and squeeze my cock. After a moment she slowly pulled herself back up by my shoulders, inching her way back up off of my cock. As my head started to pull out, she caught me off guard as she let herself drop again, slamming into me this time.

 I almost lost my balance and dropped her. I wasn't ready for the force of her pelvis. She held on and ground her clit against my base and moaned loudly. She looked at men eyes darkening with pleasure, a devilish grin crossed her face as she raised back up and slammed back down again. 

 Ready for her this time, I thrust my hips forward to catch her. The collision was an explosion of pleasure and she screamed while I grabbed her ass cheeks and ground her pelvis against mine again. She locked her lips to mine again, and we began to find a rhythm. As she pulled up, I pulled away, when she dropped, I drove my cock forward. 

 She was moaning into my mouth with each stroke and I felt her walls tighten more and more. My arms were burning, but her tight, wet pussy massaging my cock was enough to help me ignore it. I wasn't sure how much more I could handle when she finally broke the kiss.

 "Fuck me hard," she begged. "I'm so close!"

I obliged and pinned her against the wall near us. Now with some leverage and her unable to get away, I began sawing in and out of her. 

 My balls slapped against her ass with each thrust. She let go of my neck with one arm and dove her hand between us. She fingered her clit as I slammed my cock deep into her again and again. He pussy clamped down and I felt a flood of juices cover my shaft. 

 She let out a slew of curse words as an orgasm washed over her. Her pussy squeezed and milked my cock and I couldn't hold back anymore.

 "I'm gonna cum," I yelled, trying to figure out where she wanted me to let loose. In one quick motion she pulled herself up off of my cock. I let go of her legs and allowed her to find the floor. I felt the pressure rising up from my balls and I tried to hold back while she slid down my body. 

 She encircled a hand around my cock, pointed it at her, and was starting to open her mouth when I couldn't hold it back anymore. Obscenities left my mouth as my first shot sprayed her chin and lips. I expected her to lose it, but she surprised me.

 "Oh fuck yeah stud, spray that cum all over me." She said, looking directly into my eyes.

I stopped trying to fight it and let the torrent come. The second shot fired across her right cheek and up toward her hair. The third hit smacked in the middle of her face, covering her upper lip and nose. 

 Her tongue snaked out and traced around the head of my cock as the last bit of cum dribbled out. I shuddered as she cleaned her juices off of me. She licked her lips, tasting my cum, and looked up at me.

 "Looks like I'm gonna need another shower." She smiled, as.she drug her finger across her cheek, pulling more cum to her lips to swallow.
