 You remember when I said Julie is the closest thing I have to a sister? Well we aren't quite there yet. As compatible as we were in the bedroom, that's how incompatible we were emotionally. I am a straight shooter, I tell it how I see it, and am pretty blunt at times. Julie is the exact opposite. She is a typical girl, when she says she's fine that means something is wrong, and it's on you to figure it out. It took me a while to realize "I'm fine" = Big problem.

Our emotional relationship was doomed from the beginning. That said, we ended up dating for about 6 months, basically because we could rely on each other in bed. When we fought, it was usually because I couldn't figure out when or why she was mad. As a result, I ended up frustrated because she wouldn't come straight out and say it, so the fight would last until the next day, someone would apologize, and then we would fuck each others brains out. She kept trying to get me to be more sensitive and ask the right questions, I fought to get her to come out and say what was bothering her. It ended up in a vicious cycle and was pretty awful towards the end. Finally sick of the routine and trying to read the mind of a hormonal 20 year old, I made what may have been the greatest suggestion for our relationship: Instead of trying to mold the other into what we were looking for, why don't we just help each other find that person. 

Things completely turned around, and instead of trying to fill an emotional void with each other, we could go back to being fitness buddies. One of the last night's before the new school year began, we decided to have one last blow off night and try our new wingman friendship. One of the bars near campus did a once a month karaoke night with cheap drink specials and was walking distance from my apartment for the upcoming year. She decided that she was going to get ready at my place to "make things easier" (or to tease the shit out of me...)

She showed up around 6pm with a duffel bag and an arm full of hangers. It felt like she was moving in. Then the teasing I had anticipated began. She needed a guys opinion on what to wear for the evening (she didn't like my idea of naked...). The runway show commenced. First came the pencil cocktail dress, then the short jeans shorts and tight halter, then the miniskirt and crop tube top. It was an endless parade of eye popping, drool enticing, member stiffening outfits that I wanted to tear off of her. She finally settled on a lacy almost see through top and a miniskirt that barely covered her ass.

I was grabbing my wallet and phone to go when I heard her clear her throat. I looked up she was staring at me with the strange look on her face, then pointed her finger up and down and just shook her head. Apparently plaid shorts and t-shirt were not going to cut it tonight. I'll admit, I've never had an eye for fashion and most of my closet consisted of athletic shorts, sweats, t shirts and hoodies. The other problem was since losing all the weight, I never really replaced the nice clothes I did have. Julie dug through my closet and was able to find a button-down shirt that actually fit and would at least look somewhat classy.

My senses were assaulted when we walked through the door to the bar. Loud music pounded my ears and my nose was immediately filled with smoke. This is the reason I tend to avoid the normal college hangouts, but Julie was in charge tonight. We found a table near the back, and guys gawked at Julie as she made her way past. Our table was up on a platform close to the bar, making it a prime people watching location. The waitress brought me a beer and Julie some fruity concoction as we surveyed the scene. 

On the far side of the bar was the karaoke stage and in front was a small dance floor, where a group of girls was bouncing around and having a good time. Tables and booths were sprawled out in front of us and the bar off to our left was crowded with guys trying to get the attention of the 2 barkeeps. A group of girls walked towards us and looked like they were coming to join our table. I gave Julie a confused look, and then realized why she had chosen this table. That group of girls was headed toward the bathrooms which were situated right behind us. 

After several years hanging out together I now know that Julie is an expert people watcher, but in that moment, I was impressed with how much of a genius my gorgeous wingman was. Everyone that's drinking at a bar has to use the bathroom eventually, so we would get a great chance to scope out every person in the place.

After an hour of drinking and listening to people butcher songs, we had found a couple of prospects for me, but nothing so far for Julie (lets face it, she could have her pick of any guy she wanted). The most intriguing for me was a tall brunette. She was sitting near the stage with a group of friends and had caught my eye on a bathroom trip. She had legs that took up a lot of her frame, waist length dark hair, full pouty lips, and a very curvy frame. She was wearing a flowy black mini dress that gave full view of her toned legs, stiletto heels that accentuated her calves, and bright red lipstick that contrasted her long mane and green eyes nicely. As she went by on another bathroom run with a couple of friends, I nudged Julie and nodded toward her. 

She nudged me back and pointed toward the stage. I got the point, I needed to do something to get the girl to notice me. After arguing over songs, we finally settled on "Don't you want me" thinking I could point or do something to get her attention with her table so close to the stage. Now all I needed to do was get drunk enough to actually put the plan into action. In reality, I probably should have been a little more sober, but throwing caution to the wind, I went up and requested my song. As I went to sit back down and wait for my turn, I noticed a guy sitting down next to Julie, another one of her fruity drinks in his hand. I gave her a thumbs neutral sign, and she pointed up and waved me off while he wasn't looking. 

Just as I was wondering what to do next, I heard my name called over the speakers. My heart skipped a beat and my palms started to sweat. How the hell was I gonna pull this off. As I stepped onto the stage to talk with the DJ, I noticed it was a wireless mic and a plan started to go through my head. I asked if I could leave the stage with the mic, and he said just not to walk in front of the main speakers with it. As the song started, I left the stage, set my beer on the table that the brunette was at and got some oo's and claps as I began. 

I could be a totally different person knowing I likely would never see any of these people again, and so I just went with the lyrics of the song. I grabbed one of the waitresses and spun her while singing, sung to a table of 40 year old guys, and by the time I got to the chorus had made it around and back to the front of the stage, right next to the brunettes table. I sang "don't you want me" to each girl at the table and got some strange looks from them as I went around. Finally ending with the emphasis in front of the brunette, she smiled and started laughing. I found the waitress I had twirled earlier and shoved the mic in her face and taking the cue, she sang the female part for me. I noticed as she was singing that the brunette' eyes were locked on me and the entire bar had started clapping with the beat. 

My adrenaline really kicking in, I grabbed the mic back and jogged back to where Julie was sitting with her new friend. I sang to them (The guy looked annoyed that I was bothering them, but Julie just laughed at me) before dancing my way back to the front. As the song finished, I made my way back to the brunette, singing "Don't you want me baby" to her over and over until the music faded. She giant smile on her face was all I needed to know as I turned, hopped back up onto the stage faked a mic drop, handed it to the DJ and walked off. 

I walked over to where I had set my beer down, and I noticed an empty chair next to the brunette. I envisioned just sitting down next to her, but thought better of it. Our eyes met as I grabbed my beer off the table. I winked at her, turned and smiled at the other 3 girls at the table, and walked back toward the table where Julie was sitting. 

I sat down and introduced myself to the guy. He looked nervous and worried. I ignored him and since I was new to this whole picking up girls thing asked Julie what to do next. She poked me and nodded behind me. I turned to see the brunette walking toward the bathroom with the blonde from her table. Our eyes met and she winked at me. As soon as she went through the door, I turned to ask Julie what to do, but she was already gone. 

The guy that Julie was talking with, Travis, and I sat there awkwardly until she returned. The little spy had come back with a plan for me. The girls were talking and the brunette, Kelly, had just ended a serious relationship. The girls had brought her out for a karaoke night to get her out and to have some fun. They talked about me and how turned on she was while I was singing to her. Julie quoted her "I do want him, I haven't been touched in months..." My jaw about hit the table. Travis smiled, knowing I would soon be leaving him to his task of trying to take Julie home.

So, the plan was to buy a round of shots for her table, and take one with them and see where it went from there. As I approached Kelly's table with the waitress I had danced with and a round of buttery nipples, I could feel my pulse in my head. My palms were sweating and my hands shook. I introduced myself, explained that someone had told me it was their girls night out and I wanted to be a gentleman and make sure they had a great evening. I helped the waitress pass out the shots and grabbed my own. I toasted them, we drank, and I felt a hand grab me by the wrist and pull me down.

I landed with a plop in an empty chair and spun, ending up eye to eye with Kelly. I introduced myself, our faces less than a foot apart. I wanted to just grab her and kiss her right there, but thought that might be too forward. We chatted for a bit and she never relinquished control of my hand. Her friends had gone back to their conversations and I realized my hand was now on her thigh.

Her eyes green eyes burned into mine and I felt her slide my hand higher up, now under the fringe of her dress. I could feel the heat from where her legs met. She leaned in and I started to prepare for a kiss, but she slid past my face and put her lips near my ears. The words still burned into my memory "I need you to fuck me, let's go." She slid my hand between her legs and I felt the dampness of her lace panties. Her tongue snaked into my ear and my cock responded instantly. 

By far the hottest proposition I have ever received, I gave Julie a thumbs up sign behind Kelly's back as she stood to grab her clutch and say goodbye to her friends. The blonde smiled knowingly at me and winked. I stood, said goodbye to the girls and was quickly dragged out the bar door and into the cool evening air. 

She ran and drug me with around the side of the bar. I was trying to focus when she turned, slammed me against the wall and attacked. Our lips met, her tongue snaked into my mouth and sought mine, and her firm breasts pushed into my chest. She moaned and parted her legs as both my hands found purchase on her luscious ass under her dress, firmly squeezing her soft skin. She broke our kiss and slid to my ear again, her tongue circling my lobe before she whispered "Julie said your apartment is close, I need you in me now" 

That threw me off, my mind raced. Julie had let her in on my plan? Kelly's hand had slid between us as she traced her tongue around my ear. She squeezed my cock through my shorts and brought me back to the moment at hand. I grabbed her hand and led her away from the wall. We walked the 2 blocks to my apartment which felt like an eternity, teasing each other the whole way. 

We walked through the door to my building and she attacked me again. I fumbled in my pocket for my keys as her tongue drove into my mouth again. I cupped a firm globe with my free hand as I finally found my key and reached for my apartment door which was just a few feet away. I broke our kiss to focus on the door locks and felt her slide behind me. She reached around the front of my shorts and had them unbuckled and unzipped in seconds. Her hand was inside my boxers before I could get the second lock undone and my dick entered the cool night air by the time I had the door open.

She spun me and pushed me through the door, causing me to stumble back to the entryway wall. She sauntered towards me and kicked the door closed behind her. 

It was my turn to go on the sexual offensive. I pushed off the wall, scooped her legs and picked her up, pressing her back into the door. She ground her panty covered slit onto my exposed cock and our lips met. She sucked my tongue into her mouth with expertise and moaned as she grabbed the head of my dick now firmly caught between her legs. I released one leg to the ground and ran my hand up her hip to her side and back, taking her dress with it. Her tits spilled from beneath the dress and I continued to slide it up until I had it at her neck

We broke the kiss to get it over her head and she grabbed my shorts and boxers with her free hand and pulled them down. They fell to the floor with a thud and her dress floated down to meet them. She grabbed the front of my shirt and ripped it open. Buttons flew everywhere and the shirt fell off my arms and floated away behind us. I kicked the clothing away and pressed back into her, pinned her one leg up underneath my arm while the other still was planted firmly on the ground. 

I was totally naked, she only had her thong and heels left. She slowly stroked the head of my cock and rubbed the shaft against her now soaked lace thong. The fire in her eyes burned bright and she slid the lace to one side, revealing her wetness below. I wanted to drop and taste her, but she held my cock firmly and slowly pointed it toward the opening. I felt my head part her lips and the warm wetness suck the head of my cock in. A devilish smile crossed her face and she mouthed "Fuck me"

Then in one motion, she locked onto my lips and with her free hand, pulled my pelvis hard into hers. My cock slammed into her, burying to the hilt in the wetness of her pussy. Her pussy felt like it would melt my cock it was so hot. She moaned into our kiss and begged, "fuck me hard, pound my pussy." 

I obliged, withdrawing slowly before slamming back inside her. Her moans and cries for more incited an animal urge in me looking for release. She raked her nails down my back and rested her hands on my hips. With each thrust she pulled me in harder and deeper. She ground her clit against my pelvis each time I bottomed out. Her moaning grew louder as I pounded her slit.

I slid a hand down her leg I had pinned up and grabbed a handful of her soft ass. A finger grazed her tight pucker. She gasped and threw her head back against the door. Her eyes pleaded for the release she craved. I slid my finger back across her pucker and she gasped and froze again. I circled it with my finger while continuing to saw in and out of her pussy. She grabbed the back of my neck, pulling my face to hers and latched onto my lips. As I grazed her hole again she shuddered and moaned. I felt her pussy walls clench and squeeze my cock. She moaned "oh god" into my mouth and her body started to shake. She ground her clit against my pelvis as wave after wave washed over her. I muffled her screams of pleasure with my tongue and she started to relax. Her arms went limp and our lips parted as she leaned back into the door. I released her leg and she slowly lowered it to the floor, still impaled on my cock. 

She slowly opened her eyes and gave me a seductive grin. She pushed me back away from her and my cock popped free. No longer clothed except for the tiny thong, still askew, and sexy heels she was still wearing, I took in the sexy picture before me. Her long brunette hair partly covered her right breast, and her skin glistened from the sweat. Her toned body and long legs cast a beautiful silhouette. The fuck me heels and bright red lipstick gave her the look of a pin-up model. 

She sauntered towards me. It was like watching a model on the runway, except this model was topless, and was walking with a purpose towards me. Her eyes locked on mine as she reached me, she didn't even attempt to hide where she was headed. She grabbed my cock in her hand, immediately squatted, and inhaled the entire length. She never broke eye contact as my cock disappeared into her warm mouth. Her tongue circled my head and she cupped my balls with a free hand.

She gagged as she tried to take me deeper, not quite able to go all the way. She backed off and grabbed the base, sliding her hand up and down the shaft as her tongue swirled around the head and probed the hole. She took the head back in her mouth and began sucking and jerking in in rhythm. Her big green eyes still stared up at me, my hand entangled in her beautiful long hair, helping her keep the speed I wanted. I could feel my release building, my cock swelling and balls tightening. Her pace quickened, eyes begging for my cum. I straightened and let her know I was close. She tried to take the entire length again. I held her head steady as deep as she could go and let loose jet after jet of cum into her throat. She swallowed with expertise, trying to keep it all in her mouth. 

My legs shook and I tried to keep my balance as she released me with an audible pop. She licked her lips, getting rid of any trace of cum and then slid back up my body. Her hand found my cock and she led me by it from the entry way back into my apartment. She found the door to the bedroom and pushed me through it and back onto the bed. Falling on top of me, our lips met again and tongues intertwined. I felt my cock start to reawaken as she broke the kiss and climbed my torso until she was straddling my head.

The smell of her sweet sex coupled with the sight of her glistening lips was intoxicating. I wrapped my arms around her thighs and pulled her pussy closer, teasing around her outer lips with my tongue. She squirmed on top of me, trying to force my tongue where she wanted. I felt a hand slide through my hair as I continued to tease her. 

She had enough of the teasing and grabbed a handful of my hair, pulling my face up and she pressed her hips down. My lips met hers and I parted them with my tongue. My nose pressed into her clit as I snaked my tongue deep into her pussy. She let out a loud groan and started to grind on my face. One of my hands found her ass and squeezed, pulling her cheeks apart. She was riding my face grinding her clit on my nose while I licked deep inside her trying to drink in all her juices. I found her pucker with with a finger and she froze for a second. 

She released my hair and slowly leaned forward, pulling my tongue from her pussy and allowing me to breath again. As she tilted her pelvis, her clit slid down my face and pressed onto my waiting tongue. I could feel her cheeks spread wide and she grabbed my hand with the finger probing her back door. She held it straight and gently pushed back onto my finger.

I gave her clit a gentle luck and she shuddered again. I felt my fingertip slip into her hot ass and held it steady as she impaled herself on it. I felt my first knuckle, then second, then my entire finger swallowed by the hot flesh of her back door. Once she was situated, I raked my tongue back and forth over her clit. The noise she made was pure animal and she started to rock up and down.

Her hand returned to my hair and she shoved my face into her pelvis. I found her clit with my tongue and flicked up and down over it. 
