 It had been six months since his divorce had been finalized, and exactly one year since the best and worst night of his life. He had moved into a small two bedroom house, a few miles from his ex-wife's house. He had shared custody of the kids, which really worked well for him. He loved his kids to death, but having a week alone did help with dating. All things considered, everything was going okay since the divorce. 

The end of his marriage was pretty messy, so he was surprised the divorce went rather well. She had her rich boyfriend, so he assumed she just wanted a clean split. He was a good dad and she never seemed to question that, so he didn't have to fight for shared custody. When he left the house that day, he was feeling pretty good about things. 

He decided to take the day off from work, to kind of celebrate the anniversary of that fateful night. After calling in "sick" from work, he went back to sleep until almost noon. Then he decided he should probably get something to eat. There was a small ma and pop bar and grill about three blocks away, so he thought he'd kill two birds with one stone. He could eat lunch and get started on a good buzz at the same time. 

When he walked in, the place was just about full, but he was able to find one empty table. He sat down, and opened his menu. A very pleasant looking brunette caught his eye, or rather her legs did. He was able to really look her over, and he hadn't had a drink yet, so he knew everything was accurate. 

She had her hair tied up in a ponytail in the back. It was very dark, almost black, and very shiny as well. Her face was very pretty, but he wondered how much her makeup had to do with that. He guessed she was in her mid to late forties, but she wore her age very well. She had a jacket over her shirt and she was reading a book, so he had no clue on the size of her tits. That didn't really bother him anyway, because he was definitely a leg man. And, she definitely had nice legs. She was wearing a red skirt, with black pantyhose and red heels. He really liked what he could see. 

After studying her for a little bit, he remembered where he was and realized he'd need to order shortly. He looked over the menu, and picked out a nice burger just in time. The waitress came and took his order, and then he was free to admire the brunette a little more. When her food arrived, she ate slowly while continuing to read. He thought she even ate her lunch in a cute way. Everything about her was just cute. She looked kind of short, which was cute, and she had a cute face with a cute ponytail. 

When his food arrived, he tried to eat and stare, without getting caught. About halfway through his meal, he looked down to find a good fry, and when he looked back at her she was looking right at him. He quickly looked away, and found another fry. When he looked back at her, she was still staring right at him. Well crap, he'd been caught. He turned his complete focus towards his food, too nervous to look back at her again. 

As he was getting closer to finishing his plate, he ordered his first whisky. It was the start of his plan to get nice and inebriated, and then walk the three blocks home. A few minutes later the waitress brought his drink. He ordered another before she left, and then took a big long swig. He gulped it down, and then half looked at the brunette. She had her eyes back on her book. He felt it was safe enough to continue admiring her again. 

When the waitress arrived with his second drink, he ordered another one again. He brought the glass to his lips, and moved his eyes back to the cute brunette. Just when the whisky hit his lips she looked right at him again. He nearly spilled his whisky, failing to make it look like he didn't just get caught staring again. 

"You do know it's not polite to stare?" she asked. 

"I uh, didn't mean to, uh, I wasn't really," he stumbled through. He took a deep breath to calm himself, and try to regain just a little dignity. "I'm sorry, and yes I do know that it's not polite. I just can't seem to convince my eyes to look anywhere else." 

"Maybe try a little harder," she said. "It's a bit creepy when you stare at me like that." 

"How about I buy you a drink to make up for it, and then maybe I can join you over there?" he asked. "Then I can look you in the eyes while we talk, so it's less creepy." 

"That does sound less creepy, but I don't drink alcohol," she replied. "My soda gets free refills, and she just refilled it, but thanks for the offer." 

"How about you let me join you until you're ready to go, and I'll buy the lunch you just finished?" he asked, hoping he wasn't starting to sound desperate. 

"Okay, fine," she answered. "You're obviously not going to let me read my book in peace, and it's just as distracting when you stare at my legs in silence." 

He grabbed his drink, and moved over to her table. He picked the seat directly across from, rather than the one to her left, so she would feel more secure with at least the table between them. 

"I'm Drake, by the way," he said. 

"Wendy," she replied. 

"It's nice to meet you Wendy," he said. "So, what is it that you do Wendy?" 

She hesitated for a moment, as if she were trying to decide if she would really tell him or not. Her face told him that she wasn't sure if he could handle the truth. Eventually she must have decided to just come clean. 

"I'm a church secretary," she finally said. "And, what about you Drake?" 

"I'm just a pencil pusher at Jacoby's down the street," he answered. 

"Oh that Jacoby's huh?" she said sarcastically, having no idea what Jacoby's was. "Why aren't you pushing your pencil today?" 

"I'm celebrating the one year anniversary of the best and worst night of my life," he said, holding up his glass to show her. "Why aren't you at the church secretarying?" 

"The pastor is out of town today, so I decided to take an extended lunch," she answered. "What happened one year ago today?" 

"Oh I don't think that's a good story for a church secretary," he replied. That was when he noticed the ring on her finger. "Especially not a married church secretary." 

"I won't judge you, and I'm the pastor's secretary, so I've heard a lot of good stories over the years," she said. "I doubt you can really shock me with yours." 

"Well, basically my wife hired a gorgeous hooker to have sex with me, so she could record it and use the video as leverage in the divorce," he explained. "Her plan kinda backfired though, when I recorded her and her boyfriend having sex on the exact same couch I did it with the hooker on." 

"You were right about one thing," she said. "That's not a story for a church secretary." 

"What really bugs me about the whole thing is wondering why she felt she needed to do it," he said. "Her boyfriend, who's now her husband, is loaded. She didn't need to get the better end of the divorce, so she must have really hated me." 

"Well you did jump right in bed with a hooker," she pointed out. 

"Actually it took her three tries before I finally caved," he said. "And, I thought she was married as well, so I convinced myself that fact somehow justified it." 

"Oh, so you get off sleeping with someone else's wife do ya?" she asked. 

"Not particularly, but that's how I justified it with her," he replied. "I looked at it like we were on the same playing field, and we were both risking the same thing. Little did I know she wasn't married, and had been paid to hit on me. Finding out she was a paid hooker probably hurt more than seeing my wife with that other guy." 

"Surely you didn't have feelings for her after just three conversations?" she asked. 

"I wasn't in love with her, but I felt like we were headed down the right path," he answered. "Because I'm obviously quite a moron, as you can see." 

"Yeah, it's hard to call you a romantic when she's a hooker," she said with a laugh. She looked at her phone and must have noticed something on it. "I really should be getting back to work. Thanks for buying my lunch, and proving you aren't as creepy as I originally thought you were." 

"It was my pleasure Wendy," he said. "Thanks for letting me check out your legs for awhile. You enjoy your afternoon at work. I'm gonna get back to the task at hand." He held up his glass again, shook it a little, and then downed the remaining whisky. 

"Can I have your number Drake?" she asked. "It can get rather boring sitting in the office when the pastor is out of town. Maybe we can text or continue our conversation on the phone." 

"Absolutely, that sounds great to me," he replied. "What's your number and I'll send you a text right now." He pulled his phone out of his pocket, and hit the screen in the right places to send a text. 

"Here it is," she said, writing it down on a paper towel that was left on her table. 

"Perfect," he said. He typed the number in his phone, and typed up a text message real quick that read, 'Do you think there are midget smurfs? If so are they called smidgets?' 

She read the text message while standing and pulling her purse over her shoulder. 

"Now that's a great question," she said with a laugh. "I think we are going to get along famously." 

She turned and walked out, and he admired her legs the whole way out. As she reached the doors, she turned back and gave him a smile and a little wave. She didn't waste any time at all to start texting, and he was pretty sure she sent her first reply before she even made it to her car. He ordered another drink, and they continued texting back and forth. Of course it wasn't long before their texting conversation became more sexual in nature. 

He was so caught up in his conversation with her, he didn't even notice he finished his fourth drink. He paid the tab, and walked home with just a slight buzz. Once in his house he walked straight to his bed to continue his texting conversation. Shortly after he hit the bed, she sent a message asking him to call her. He was actually relieved to talk to her again, instead of typing. Especially since their conversation was getting more and more sexual, and he was very aroused. He was nice and relaxed when he hit the button to call her. 

"I want to hear you tell me exactly what you would do if you were in my office right now," she said, as soon as she answered the phone. 

"That's easy," he said. "I'd drop down between your legs, push your skirt up, and lick your thighs while pulling your ass to the edge of your seat." 

"Mmm that sounds like a fantastic start," she said. 

"Then I'd pull your panties to the side, and slide my tongue up your pussy," he said. "Then I'd push my tongue inside your pussy, and slowly slide my tongue up to your clit." He couldn't believe he was saying these words to her knowing she was in a church. 

"I'd run my fingers through your hair to the back of your head, and pull your mouth onto my pussy," she replied. 

"I'd lick your pussy faster and faster," he said. "The heavier your breathing gets, and the louder you moan, the faster I'll lick your pussy." 

"Oh my God I can practically feel your tongue on my pussy," she moaned out. "It feels so good." He could tell by her moaning she was rubbing her herself, so he unzipped his jeans, and joined in on the action. 

"Reaching around with both hands, and grabbing your ass while I lick your pussy," he said. "My tongue concentrating on licking your clit fast and firm." 

"I want you so bad," she said. "Can you come here right now, and really do this to me?" That comment really caught him off guard, and he had to ask himself if she sounded serious or not. "I want you here, so I can really feel your tongue on me."  

"Absolutely, I'll be there as fast as I can," he replied. He was incredibly aroused knowing she was serious. "Text me the address, I'm rushing out the door now." 

"I'll text it to you," she said. "Please hurry, I can't wait for you to get here." 

With that the line went dead, and he finished zipping up his jeans. He shoved his feet in his shoes and sprinted to his car. By the time he backed out of his driveway she had texted the address. He didn't need to look it up, because he knew exactly where the church was. He smiled a little knowing it was only about four blocks away. 

A couple of minutes later he parked next to the only other car in the parking lot. He rushed to the doors, and noticed her rushing to the doors as well. He realized why when he tried to open them, and found they were locked. She pushed open the first door, and reached her hand out. He took her hand and she rushed them back to the office. 

As soon as they were in the office she turned toward him, and started kissing him. Her hands moved straight to his jeans, unbuttoned and unzipped them. His hand got the hint, and moved to her jacket. He pulled her jacket off and then her shirt right after that. She pushed his jeans and underwear down at the same time. He kicked off his shoes, then pulled her skirt and panties down. He bent down and helped her step out of them, and then worked his jeans and underwear over his feet. 

Then he guided her to her chair, so he could do what he said he would do. She sat down in her chair and he dropped to his knees. He considered starting on her thighs, like he said he would have done, but couldn't resist tasting her pussy. His mouth immediately moved to her pussy and his hands went straight to her ass. He pulled her ass towards his face, pulling her pussy to his mouth. He basically French kissed her pussy. 

Like she said she would do, she ran her fingers through his hair and pulled his face to her pussy. She didn't even attempt to hold in her moans, so he knew they must be the only ones there. Her ass was mostly hanging off the edge of the chair, and the more he licked, the more she moved her hips. He licked her pussy so good she couldn't sit still at all. He slipped two fingers inside her pussy and finger fucked her pussy, while he licked her clit. Eventually, her thighs began to shake and her orgasm flowed over her body in waves. 

Once she calmed down a little she sat up and placed her high heel on the center of his chest. Using her foot she pushed him back and down onto the floor. Then she stood and straddled his waist, looking him in the eyes as she bent her knees. She lowered herself down over him, reached between her thighs to grab his erection, and guided him into her pussy. Damn she was fucking sexy. 

She started riding his cock Asian cowgirl and she looked sexy as fuck doing it. She sure as hell didn't act like she worked in a church. Her legs looked sexy as fuck lifting her body up and down on top of him. After only a few minutes she pulled him out and turned around, still straddling his waist, she dropped to her knees and lowered her pussy back down onto his cock. She gave him a sexy view of her ass as she rode his cock. He couldn't believe how much sexier the view was. Her perfectly rounded ass bouncing up and down gave him a perfect view of her pussy sliding up and down his big thick cock. 

He reached down and grabbed each of her ass cheeks. He couldn't resist any longer than he already had. The view was so sexy, and it had been a couple of months since he last got laid, he knew he couldn't hold it much longer. The way her hips moved and the motion of her ass bouncing were too much. 

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum," he grunted out. 

She hopped off of his cock quickly and wrapped her fingers around his shaft. She started to stroke his cock quickly, squeezing it nice and tight while she did it. About two seconds later he let out a loud grunt and they both watched his thick white load shoot out and fly straight up about a foot and a half. The long thick string landed across her hand and strung from his cock and her hand to his belly. A second, third, fourth and fifth string followed the first. By the end her hand was covered pretty good and he had a bit of a mess to clean up on himself. 

She stood up and grabbed a few napkins from a table behind her desk. She wiped her hand off and handed him a few to clean himself off with. He wiped up the mess, stood up, and started to get dressed. She picked up her clothes and started getting dressed as well. He could tell she felt awkward now and he wondered if it was because she was married or because they were in a church. 

"I should probably go," he said nervously. "I'll text you in the morning when things are slow at work." 

"No, please don't text me," she said. "Can you let me be the first to text, so I can make sure my husband isn't around?" 

"Of course," he said. He was relieved to hear she still wanted to text at least. "I'll talk to you later then." 

"Okay, yeah, we'll talk soon," she said. "Oh hey Drake, thank you for a wonderful afternoon. I'm not really sure what got into me today, but I'm not usually like this. That being said, I really enjoyed our afternoon together." 

"Yeah me too," he said. "You take care Wendy." 

He left the church and went home a little confused. He was still trying to figure out if she regretted having sex with him or not. He told himself there was no reason to get hung up on a married woman, when the world was full of single women. He still couldn't stop thinking about her though. He had never had sex in a church before, and he'd never had sex at work either. Granted it wasn't his work, but it was hers. That made it close enough to a first time for him. 

The next day he got a text around noon, shortly after he left work to grab lunch. He couldn't believe how happy he was to see her name pop up on his phone. They texted back and forth for his entire lunch hour, but they both had to get back to work. They spent the next couple of days texting during their lunch hour. When Sunday rolled around he was kind of Jonesin to see her. He decided to pop into church for the first time in years. 

He looked online to see when the service was and made sure he was up and dressed in time. When he got there he thought he must have read it incorrectly and he thought he'd missed it. Instead he was actually about 30 minutes early. A few people were already there, but most hadn't arrived yet. He figured he'd just go in and take a seat in the middle of the back row, so he would be sure to see her when she walked in. It turned out he didn't need to wait that long. 

He walked into the sanctuary and literally almost knocked her over. She was heading out the same door he was waking in. The look of sheer terror on her face told him all he needed to know. 

"Excuse me ma'am," he said, backing up to hold the door open for her. 

She looked flustered and confused, but also a bit relieved that he wasn't there to out their involvement with one another. 

"Thank you," she said as she walked by. The look she gave him said she meant it for more than just opening the door for her. 

He watched her walk away and was blown away by how gorgeous she looked in her pink Sunday dress. Her dress was actually very modest, but looked very nice on her. The bottom of her skirt stopped right at her knees, but he could still see enough of her legs to know they looked great. It wasn't a tight dress at all, but it fit her well enough that anyone could see she had a very nice ass. The only flaw he noticed with the dress was that it hid how nice her tits really were. 

Since he already found her he didn't feel like he needed to sit in the middle of the sanctuary any longer. He still picked a pew in the very back row, but opted for the corner closest to the exit. He didn't know who her husband was, so it seemed unlikely her husband could possibly know who he was. Still, just to be safe he decided to stick close to the exit. 

He took his seat and kicked himself for being so damn early. He decided it was the church's fault for having the wrong time on their website. After several minutes people began to filter in. The closer it got to 10:30am the faster it began to fill up. The next thing he knew the sanctuary was almost full. He was happy to see everyone seemed to be leery of the new stranger sitting in the back corner. The last thing he really wanted was to be greeted by some grandma when he was only there to see the church secretary he was fucking. 
