 It had been 6 or 8 months since Surena and I had last visited them in their small desert town. On that weekend we had swapped partners for the first time. We all enjoyed ourselves but, we hadn't heard from them in 4 or 5 months when the phone rings. It's Bob.

"Hi, guys...what's up?" Bob was passing through town and was wondering if he could catch a shower and get a little shuteye? Of course, we agreed and a few minutes later he was at the door. You never know who's going to walk in when it comes to Bob. He's been a race car driver, a cowboy, a "Hell's Angel", a trucker and God knows what else. I couldn't begin to count how many cars and motorcycles he's owned and sold since I've known him. One thing about Bob, there's never a dull moment even when he's pissing you off.

After he took a shower and Surena washed his clothes, we smoked a joint and caught up on things. As usual, I had to supply him with some sweats to relax in. All he had was his less than clean jeans, a shirt, and a jacket. He doesn't get out of them much when he's on the road. Soon, the conversation turned to sex as we recalled the last time the four of us were in the hot springs together. That was a night of lusty pleasures.

Bob asked if he could see us having sex. We tossed the idea around for a while and finally agreed. He called Jessica to see if she would mind. I thought that was considerate of him to consult her before doing something as bold as this. He told Jessica he only wanted to watch and didn't expect anything more to happen. Surena took the phone and talked to Jessica for a while. Jessica said we could do whatever we wanted. She trusted us and at least her husband would be in 'good hands'. 

I started things by opening Surena's robe, exposing her breasts. Bob's eyes were on us and Surena's breasts. I divided my attention between each mound as I squeezed and sucked the nipples, teasing Bob. Her nipples now dark and erect in the subdued light. I rolled one between my thumb and forefinger. Surena flinched and moaned, signaling that she was getting excited. I knew tonight would make her hot. She was an exhibitionist and liked men looking at her, wanting her. It made me hot watching her tease guys when we were out on the town, knowing that I would be in for some great sex that night.

Many nights when we went out to clubs, Surena would wear a dress or skirt with no panties. It gave me easy access to her and she could 'accidentally' flash other men. Sometimes she would dance with them and press against their leg during a slow dance. Some men would get hard right there on the dance floor. Embarrassing for them, a hoot for us. She loved to tease and I loved to see the men's reactions. It made us both hot. Sex on those nights was especially passionate because of the public foreplay.

Now, Bob watched as I entertained Surena's body. His loose sweats belied his calm exterior. What was once a bulge in his sweats had grown to almost escaping the waistband. His hand found and caressed his erection. 

I opened Surena's robe to expose her close-cropped mound. Bob's cock twitched. She spread her legs to show her slit, already wet and dewy. Her clit now rose from between swollen lips, begging for a kiss. Surena and I loved oral sex and spent hours trading oral delights. I slid my finger along her wet opening tantalizing her and our spectator. Bringing a finger to my mouth I tasted her sweet nectar. Bob had his cock out, stroking it. I knelt between Surena's thighs to give her what she wanted as she stared at Bob's cock.

Pushing her legs over the arms of the chair revealed her clean-shaven pussy. Bare except for a small heart shaped patch of hair on her mound that pointed to her clit. She said she loved the feeling of her naked lips sliding together. I liked it because it exposed her treasures to me whenever I caught a glimpse of her bending over. It made me aware of my own desires. When we traveled I would ask her not to wear panties, and to wear a dress or skirt. That way I could finger her or see her touch herself as we drove.

I played the scene for Bob as if he were the audience in a live sex show, making sure he could see what I was doing. My tongue teased her hot furrow. My hands squeezed and fondled her breasts as I lapped away at her wetness. Backing away, I spread her pink lips with my fingers to let Bob see her engorged clit. The wetness reflecting the flickering light from the television. A trickle of nectar ran down her ass to deposit itself on her robe. Her delighted moans signaled intense excitement. I knew she wanted to fuck right then. 

Rising from my knees I said, "It's time for bed." I took her hand helping her from the chair. A wet spot was visible on the front of my pants where my cock hung long and heavy. I motioned for Bob to follow us into the bedroom where he sat in silence a few feet from the bed. Surena dropped her robe and laid on the bed. She was compliant as if in trance, yielding to my every lead. I spread her legs wide and returned to oral sex. She shuddered with delight. 

"You like watching Bob?" I asked. He nodded, smiling as he continued to stroke his own fat cock. 

"I want her to suck your cock, while I eat her pussy," my voice rough from the pot and excitement. 

Bob only nodded, moving quickly to the edge of the bed where Surena could reach him. 

"I thought you only wanted to watch us," I joked, as he replied with his own wicked smile. 

My wife reached out to him and began to pull the skin back and forth over its large, glistening head. Bob had a thick cock, eight inches long, well proportioned, enough to delight any woman. Veins stood out and tracked the length of his erect shaft, curving and wrapping around like ropes on a mast. Surena's hand squeezed and a large clear drop emerged from the tip. The liquid stretched into a thin crystal string like spider's silk. Surrendering to the forces of gravity, it disappeared into the carpet below. 

Lying between her legs, I had a perfect view. Pulling him closer, she circled the head of his cock with her tongue and rubbed it over her full lips. As she pulled back to view his throbbing meat, another clear ribbon formed between her and his cock. She spread his lubricant over her lips before guiding him into her eager mouth. She began slow purposeful strokes as I maintained the same rhythm on her with my tongue. She struggled to envelop his girth. Saliva squeezed from the corners of her mouth as he began to pump his hips. 

Watching him fuck her mouth as I tongued her pussy made me light-headed with pleasure. I could feel the blood pulse in my ears. 

Surena was now soaked with our juices. The towel I had put under her ass, sodden with the wet effluent. I reveled in the scene before me. I wanted her to experience two men at once and now the reality was turning out more exciting than our fantasy.

Bob began to fuck her mouth faster as she moaned against his thrusting cock. She encircled him with her hands. Holding him tight in her grip. With a loud grunt, he pulled his cock from her grasp as it erupted in long spurts. Bob moaned through his overwhelming orgasm. His milky fluid shot over the pillow and onto Surena's hair and face. Bob's body held rigid as his bursting cock pumped away. He relaxed as the tension released its powerful hold. Bob collapsed back in the chair, his spent cock lay slack across his leg. Cum drained across his thigh in a pearly rivulet. 

I wanted him to fill her with his cum, but he pulled away too soon. 

"Damn, he croaked, that was even hotter than I imagined. Sorry for the mess. I didn't mean to cum like that." 

After a moment, Bob stood. "Thank you so much. It was wonderful but I'm drained in more ways than one. I'll see you in the morning." Our friend disappeared down the hall. Hearing the door close we looked at each other and shook our heads. We were in shock and a bit disappointed at his hasty withdrawal. I wanted to see them together. I know she was hot for him to give her his big cock.

"Oh well, that's Bob", I said. 

"Now, where were we...Oh, yeah." I cupped her ass cheeks in my hands and brought her once again to my waiting mouth. The night was still young and we had two more orgasms to attend to.