 "Damn, she's incredible," I thought. Well I intended to only think it, but it actually came out of my mouth. Hilarious how that works sometimes, especially in the worst moments. The she in this case was Kristen, and thank God she didn't hear me. I was sitting on the weight bench in between sets at the gym I work at, gawking at Kristen's perfect backside, when I felt a tap on the shoulder. 

"Admiring the view there?" Someone whispered in my ear.

Unfortunately someone had heard me. My heart pounded. I felt my face get hot. I'm lucky it was already flushed and sweaty I thought as I turned to see who had caught me.

A pair of icy blue eyes met mine as I turned and my heart slowed.

"Dammit Julie" I scowled.

"You're the one who said it out loud," Julie whispered back as she poked me hard in the shoulder. "I've been waiting on you for 10 minutes."

"Shit, sorry about that, I have one set left and then I'll be right there."

Julie is the closest thing I have to a sister and the one who got me into the fitness business. She was a 4 sport athlete in high school, ran cross country in college and very physically gifted. On the other hand, I quit sports after my sophomore year, opting for the partying side of high school and graduated weighing in around 275lbs (I'm only 5'10"). 

We met the first week of college when I ventured into the student fitness center. I was determined to lose some weight, but had no clue where the hell to start. She has told me since then that looked as lost as I felt, and when she approached me to ask if she could help, I couldn't even manage to get out a "Hi." In my defense, I was a little dumbstruck when this smoking hot, tiny, athletic blonde strolled right up to me and started talking. 

She took me through the same workout she was doing that day and I was in absolute heaven. Looking back on it, it's a little ego check that she could bench and squat more than me, but I gladly followed around this little bombshell for an hour, taking every chance I could get to sneak a peek at her perfect little ass and perky tits. 

Julie is a very petite girl, maybe 5'3" and 110lbs soaking wet, but she is very proportionate. She has amazing legs, that take up quite a bit of her frame, and capped with two perfect globes that just beg to be squeezed. Her stomach is smooth with a nice v taper, her tits a perfect B and she has chin length blonde hair, icy blue eyes, and when she smiles along with all of that, your head might explode. 

After our workout I offered to take her to lunch to pick her brain about fitness. She declined at first, but I finally got her to let me pay for her Subway at the student center. I felt great walking across campus talking with this gorgeous girl, doing my best to focus on the conversation, but watching her boobs and booty bounce as she walked was awfully distracting. Next thing I knew, we sat down, she finished her sandwich, handed me a piece of paper with her dorm room number and 7am tomorrow written on it, and strolled off. I think I sat in that booth for an hour afterward trying to figure out what the hell I had just gotten myself into.

I stumbled into her dorm lobby the next morning, groggy, still confused, and incredibly sore. Before I could even try to figure out where the stairs were, there Julie stood. She was wearing tiny running shorts that barely covered her perfect round ass, a tight tank top showing off her beautiful body, and sporting some bright pink running shoes. That's when it hit me, we were going for a run... 

We did a a mile loop, and I was pretty sure I was going to die. She stayed with me until we made it back, then took off for 2 more while I recovered. Watching her run was totally worth it though, her round butt and perky tits bouncing with each step, seeing her leg muscles ripple, I could watch that all day. After she finished, we stretched and she told me to meet her at the gym at the same time as yesterday. After our afternoon workout, I bought her Subway again and we talked for the rest of the afternoon. She told me if I was serious about losing the weight, that I had to stick to a routine and she would do her best to help me. 

Thus began a friendship and a routine, 5 days a week 7am runs, noon workouts, followed lunch dates at Subway. There were plenty of days where I went to turn off that 6:30 alarm, but the best motivation was the thought of that perfect round ass bouncing in front of me and I would drag myself out of bed any day for that. She introduced me to what became the highlight of my week, Sunday yoga. Julie in downward dog is a spectacle that would even give a gay man a hard-on.

The weight fell off, and after about 9 months, I was back under 200 lbs. Julie and I grew closer, and while I was sure she had no interest in me, I couldn't get enough of her. I lived for each workout and each moment I could spend with her, while she continued to date other guys. It got frustrating, but I focused on the workouts and our friendship instead, trying not to get upset with her. A few weeks later, that all changed.

Julie had been through a particularly messy breakup during the week with her latest hunk. The guy was a douche, but he was ripped and pretty good looking. Hell, if I swung that way I would have taken a crack at him too. He cheated on her, and she had a rough time coping with it, so we spent a Saturday afternoon working some of her frustrations out in the gym. After throwing some medballs around, we went to the Squat rack and she loaded up more than I've ever seen her squat.

She asked me to spot her (for those who have no idea, it's basically standing doggy positioning, so kind of erotic) and I just couldn't keep myself under control. Her ass was so perfect and immediately I was hard as steel. Each time she squatted, my cock rubbed up against her beautiful ass. None of that helped my cause and I had to excuse myself to the bathroom after she finished her set. When I came back, she was gone and I didn't hear from her the rest of the day. Figuring I had really crossed the line, I didn't bother texting or calling her. 

My phone went off Sunday afternoon with a text: "Where the fuck are you, did you forget about yoga?" I hadn't forgotten, I was just too embarrassed to go. I guess what had happened didn't bother her as much as I thought, so I threw a shirt and shorts on and ran over to her dorm. 

I knocked on her door and when it opened, my jaw hit the floor. Julie stood there, as beautiful as always, but in significantly less clothing. She wore a pair of lacy red and black boy shorts and a matching tankini that qualified more as lingerie than activewear. I was as dumbstruck as the day we met. Her hair was all done up, she had makeup on with bright red lipstick and there was a smoldering fire in her eyes when she looked up at me. My heart was pounding and I couldn't move knowing this wasn't going to be our typical yoga session. I finally stopped gaping at her, smiled, and started to say hi, when she pounced.

I wasn't ready and she damn near knocked me over and back into the hallway as she lunged for my lips, slamming into my chest. Our lips met, her tongue exploring and intertwining in a passionate wrestling match with mine. I slid my hands down her back, reaching the top of her boy shorts. I wanted to go for it and squeeze that luscious ass I had been following for months, but thought better of it. I needed to see where she wanted this to go. 

We kissed at an awkward angle, her trying to climb up my chest to get to my lips, my neck craned down to meet her. I slid my hands down her back and reached the crease where her legs met that perfect rear end, wrapped my hands around her legs and lifted her off the ground. Her arms wrapped around my neck and one hand went to the back of my head, pulling my face tight into hers. I felt her legs wrap tight around my waist, driving my pelvis into hers. Soft moans escaped her lips as I readjusted one of my hands to cup her perfectly shaped bottom while the other slid up her back. She started to grind her hips against me, moaning louder and kissing me deeper. 

In that moment, there was no more doubt about where this was going. I slid my hand under her boy shorts and squeezed, sliding my fingers toward her midline, touching her pucker and outer lips of her pussy. Realizing we were still standing in the doorway, I stepped forward and kicked the door shut. Taking this as her cue, Julie unwrapped her legs and let go of my neck, forcing my arms to slowly lower her to the ground. She yanked my shirt off over my head and pushed me backward into the door. She pressed into me, wrapping her arms around, her hands grabbed the waistband of my shorts from behind and started to slide them down. 

I felt her warm tongue on my abs as she kissed her way down toward my waist, her lace covered tits scraping their way past my waist and down over my hard cock as my shorts and underwear fell to the floor. She slid the rest of the way to her knees, looking up and never losing eye contact, her icy blue eyes transfixed on mine. My cock twitched with excitement as she ran her hands up the front of my thigh, fingernails trailing on my skin. I shivered as one hand reached my pelvis and she encircled it around the base. Her other hand slid slowly around to squeeze my ass and pull me toward her. Still without breaking eye contact, she parted her bright red lips and slowly took me into her mouth. 

The sensation was intense, and I damn near lost my load right there. She sucked hard as she took me in centimeter by centimeter. I felt her tongue press against the underside of my cock and then swirl up and around over my head and back under the other side as she took me deeper. The moist warmth of her mouth enveloped almost ¾ of my 7 inches before she stopped. Then she slowly slid it back out, leaving a trail of bright red lipstick down my shaft, never looking away. Her bright blue eyes burned into mine and the suction increased as she reached my head again, letting it slide out of her mouth with an audible pop. She licked her lips, finally breaking contact to look at my cock and size me up. It twitched in anticipation and she did not leave me waiting. 

Without warning, she pulled me forward and inhaled the whole length. I felt my head hit her throat and slide past as she swallowed. Her nose pressed into my pelvis and she held there, massaging my head with her throat and moaning. She held me there for a few seconds more before slowly sliding back off my cock. As soon as my head popped free, she devoured me again, taking the entire length and swallowing the head. Again and again she took me deep in her throat, finally pausing to look up at me, her throat filled with my cock, her eyes burning bright blue. I was shaking, my back slumped against the door, clutching the door handle for support when she let my cock slip out of her mouth and gave me a devious grin. She still held the base of my cock in her hand and began stroking up and down the length of my shaft massaging her saliva into my cock. 

Sensing I probably couldn't take much more she stopped, and slid back up my body, kissing and licking my skin as she went, until our lips met again. I hooked the top of her bra with a finger as she slid up to meet me and pulled it down. Both her supple tits fell free of the top, her nipples erect and hard. I grabbed her ass with both hands and lifted her from the floor again, this time lifting her so high she had to break our kiss and let me run my tongue down her neck and chest. I found a nipple and sucked it into my mouth, swirling my tongue over the tip. 

She went nuts, moaning and wrapping her legs around my waist again. She ground her pelvis against my stomach and I could feel the wet lace of her boy shorts rubbing on my skin. I let go of her ass with one hand to find her other breast. I cupped it and squeezed while pinching her nipple between my thumb and finger. I sucked hard on the tit I had in my mouth, then bit down on her nipple. Her body shook hard. She let out a loud moan and squeezed me tight with her legs. I released her tits and held her as she rode out the mini orgasm. 

I carried her to the bed and laid her on her back and she continued moaning and shaking. I kissed her deep, our tongues exploring each other again. I broke our kiss and ventured down her neck and chest taking time to stop at each nipple again. She squirmed as I continued down, sliding my hands down her sides to the top of her hips. I hooked the top edge of her shorts as I kissed across her tight stomach. She relaxed her legs and let them slide down as I reached her waist. I licked across her pelvis as her shorts slid away to reveal silky smooth skin and a cleanly shaved slit. 

When she lifted a leg to remove her panties, I got an up close view of her soaked pussy. Her lips glistened from her juices and they parted just enough for me to get a glimpse of her swollen clit and inner lips. The sight made my mouth water, but I resisted the urge to dive right in. I held her leg up, admiring the view while I kissed up her inner thigh. I ran my tongue across her pubic area , making sure to rake it just above her lips and clit. She moaned and I felt her hand on the back of my head. Her fingers caressed my neck and she tried to guide me to her slit. 

I kissed around her opening, dragging my tongue dangerously close to her lips and clit each time I passed. She started to slide her hips, trying to guess where I was going next and still trying to pull my tongue to her clit. After teasing her for what felt like an eternity, I finally gave in. I parted her legs wide and ran my tongue from the bottom of her pussy to the top, licking up her sweet juices, flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue. She cried out and pulled my face and tongue into her pelvis, her entire body spasming. I did it again, much slower and deliberate, barely grazing her clit this time. 

I kept switching between light and hard flicks with my tongue making her jump each time. At last, I stopped at the top, and dug my tongue into her clit, and drove her over the edge. She screamed in ecstasy and her entire body convulsed. She wrapped her legs tightly around my head and flooded my face and mouth with her juices as her orgasm continued to ripple through her body. I gently sucked on her clit until she went limp and her legs released me. Her breathing slowed, her legs occasionally twitching, moaning softly as I kissed my way back up across her stomach, stopping at each nipple on my way to her lips. 

Her legs instinctively spread as my pelvis met hers. I could feel her heat on the head of my cock as I poised it to enter her. Her eyes were still glazed over until my cock head met her pussy lips. She stared straight into my eyes and in one quick movement, spread her legs wide, grabbed my ass with both hands and drove my cock into her pussy. Her wetness enveloped me and I could feel her pussy walls squeeze down on me. Our hips met with a loud slap and she moaned, begging me to fuck her silly. 

I started with long slow strokes, pulling out until my head was barely in contact with her lips, then slamming back into her until our hips met again. I quickened the pace with each stroke and she pulled her legs up toward her shoulders giving me full access. Her breathing quickened and she begged for me to pound her pussy. I felt her squeeze my dick tighter with each thrust. The sounds of my balls slapping into her ass grew louder as I neared my release. I felt a hand slide down in between us and looked down to see her fingering her clit, her eyes looked at me desperately for release. 

She started to shake, wrapped her legs around me, and screamed in pleasure. Her pussy clamped my cock in place and tried to squeeze the cum out of it. I felt her juices flowing down my balls, and I buried my dick as deep as I could, trying to hold my release until she was finished. I told her I couldn't hold back anymore and she responded by unwrapping her legs and pushing me off and onto the floor. Stunned, I fell back and she jumped on top of me, grabbing cock and inhaling the entire length down her throat again. I lost all control and let loose a current of cum, causing her to gag and pull off. She repositioned, took me all the way back down and I shot load after load down her throat. 

I finished and laid there, exhausted and totally spent. She climbed off me and fell back on her bed, licking her lips and fingers clean. After a few minutes I finally mustered up the strength to sit up and crawl into the bed next to her. She was already asleep, purring gently. I wrapped my arms around her naked body, pulling her close to my chest, and was sure this was a dream I was bound to wake up from soon.