 It was late at night and I was heading home from a late night showing of the movie 9 1/2 weeks. I decided to take the subway home. As I walked down the stairs to the station, I realized that I had no change left for the fare home.

I looked around to see if anybody would notice me slipping under the turn style, with nobody around, I slipped under. As I started walking to the train, I felt a tap on my shoulder. When I turned around I saw a very tall and handsome uniformed officer with the most entrancing blue eyes looking at me with a devilish grin on his face. 

He watched me a moment before informing me that I had committed a serious crime for not paying for my fare and that he would have to arrest me. He took me to a little hallway in the station and told me to turn around with my hands on the wall. As I turned around I could sense his closeness to me and it was starting to make me feel sensations I have not felt for a long time. As I started to explain my situation, I felt his hands on me at first touching my sides ever so gently and moving slowly down to my short black mini skirt. 

I then started to feel his hands working their way up the inside of my skirt and I heard him whistle as he noticed that I was not wearing any panties underneath. I took a deep breadth of excitement at his touch and then felt his hands moving ever so slowly to my aching lips of my pussy. As I start to make little guttural sounds from my throat and trying to speak, he starts to inform me of my Miranda rights about the right to remain silent. All the while moving his right hand to the inside of my lips and teasing my now hot and wet pussy. His left hand is also moving to my swelling and hard breasts, pinching and tweaking my hard nipples. 

I let out a low squeal of pleasure and he reminds me that I am not remaining silent and he is going to have to show me that he means what he says. He then turns me around and handcuffs my hands high above my head to a pole against the wall and pulls down my skirt and pushes up my top. I can now feel the cool breeze from the trains passing by. I shiver with anticipation as he is now going to his knees and I am now feeling his warm breadth just inches from my now dripping pussy. I take several deep breadths with the thought of how wonderful it would feel to have him lick my pussy til I came.

He sees the expression on my face and tells me not to resist and starts to lick my clit slowly at first and working to the center of my woman-hood. When his tongue is working his way down he feels my body tighten so he slams his tongue deep inside me and I cum good and hard with him licking up my juices. When I think he is done, I notice him removing his duty belt and pants. When his pants drop his bulging hard cock pops out and he informs me I still owe more money for the fare. He releases me from my handcuffs and I drop to my knees taking his throbbing cock into my hands slowly putting it into my mouth. 

In my mind I am thinking that this is the biggest and thickest cock I have ever had the pleasure to come across and as these thoughts are going through my mind, I can feel my juices flowing quickly again. I am now sucking his pulsating cock up and down with my right hand following my mouth in motion and my left hand is fondling his freshly shaven balls.

I look up to see him watching me with a smile of satisfaction and enjoyment on his face, I start to suck him a little faster and then he pulls me and says now its time for the rest of my payment towards my fare. He picks me up and shoves my back onto the wall with my feet several feet from the ground and then he pushes my thighs into a sitting position he now slams his throbbing cock deep inside me and a burst of ecstasy flows through me at the feel of him. 

I open my mouth again to let out a sound and I find his tongue deep inside my mouth, I get a little more excited (which I thought would be impossible) at the tasting my own juices from earlier and he starts to pump deeper and deeper inside me, just as I was about to cum again, he stops and takes me over to a table and bends me over it, he spreads my legs and thrusts his hard cock back inside me while slapping my ass several times. 

I am getting more excited because he is taking me places that I have never been before and the feeling is more than I ever could ever expect. All the while I am fondling my hard nipples and sucking on one of his fingers from his right hand while his left hand is pulling my hair back to arch my neck for him to get a good bite. He is slamming his fully hard and swollen cock so deep inside me that I can feel every pulse in him. He stops again and tells me to stand up facing him. As I do he places my right foot onto a bench by the table. 

As he is about ready to thrust his ready to explode cock back inside me he tells me here comes the last installment for my fare and my body is shaking with anticipation. He is grinning with the most sensuous grin I have ever seen as he puts his cock back inside me. He is thrusting so hard now that I have to wrap my arms around his neck to hold on. I start to cum harder than I have ever in my life and he feels my pussy tighten around him trying to squeeze out his juices. and then he shoots his full wad all the way inside me, while he is biting my neck again and making me groan in pleasure. We stay entangled a moment for us to regain our strength.

When we are all done he informs me that I have now paid my fare in full and I am free to go. As I am getting ready to leave, I tell him that I will be back next week, same time and no fare money. He replies I hope so.