 The world is easier for hot girls. We can all pretend it's not, but it is. We can thank the women's movement for making it a little more equal between men and women, but between women and women – hot chicks have an edge. We human beings are shallow creatures and we love to look at beauty and we all respond to a request better if the request comes from a beautiful face. 

I've known this my whole life. I watched it every day all of my life until fate did me the best favor ever. Over night …actually not overnight. Over the course of several months of reconstructive surgery and expert medical care, I was turned into a fucking hottie. It was a car crash – in case you hadn't guess. This miserable son of a bitch plowed into me and put me into the hospital. Turns out he was the fucked up son of some VERY important person and this VERY important person did not want to get sued, his son to go to jail or for the media to find out his son nearly killed me. 

Acting on my behalf (I was 17 when it happened but turned 18 while I was still out of it), my parents settled out of court for an incredible sum of money (held in trust until I'm 25) and all my medical bills paid. Thanks to some world class surgeons, I am now better than the way God made me. I'd always had an okay body, but even at 17 I looked like puberty had passed me by. Well, while I unconscious my hormones finally figured out what they were supposed to do and now I have tits and ass to die for. Liposuction got rid of the extra fat that my mom had called baby-fat even though I was way past the baby stage. They tweaked here and tucked there and now I could be a nude model. My hair had been this awful flat brown color although it was thick and full. Now I dye my hair auburn. Not a glaring red, but a nice browny auburn that's close enough to my original brown that people will think it could be natural. Maybe.

Now I look in the mirror and I want to fuck myself silly. I'm not one of those needles and pins, skinny, pointy chicks and I don't have one of those bodies that's hard and bulky with muscles. Women are supposed have curves and I have curves in all the right places. Our bodies are made to be soft and sensual to the touch. Touching my skin is like "floating on a cloud of titties" someone once said to me. Once a man gives me a hug, he just wants to keep hugging this body and running his hands all over it.

Everything about my body is just about perfect. What people don't see, thank God, is the "bride of Frankenstein" stitches under my hair. Some of that surgery was brain surgery. Happily that was successful too. Funny thing about brain surgery, though. People aren't really supposed to go poking around inside the brain. It's really not intended to be manhandled. That's why even with the most successful brain surgery there is the possibility of some personality changes. Sometimes drastic changes; sometimes very minor ones. Don't believe me? Look it up – they've done tons of studies. 

In my case, it was a very minor personality change. Just a slight lowering of inhibitions. Not just sexual ones either, although certainly those' too. My other inhibitions loosened up too. You see, pre-accident, I was a very nice girl. I was the good girl. I was always polite, friendly, helpful, kind and I was never, ever mean to people even if they deserved it. I forgave people who were mean to me. If I ever felt angry, I comforted myself with the belief/hope that what goes around comes around and they would get their payback someday. 

Now? I don't wait for payback to come around all on it's own. Now, I bring the payback to them.

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~