 All this was going through my mind in a matter of seconds as she continued her dance. She got up off me and slowly moved away from me turning her back to me as she did. She looked as good from the back side as she did from the front. Her shoulders in proportion to her waist and that lovely curved ass of hers, she kept me rock hard.

"Do you like this view also Marc?" she asked softly and seductively. She slowly bent over to put her hands on the couch in front of her and said, "or is this view even better?"

I was melting inside for sure and said, "I like both views Ashlyn, but I can think of more than one thing I could do with you in that position!" I was thinking that I wanted to slip that G-string off her and slide up behind her, placing my hands on her hips and rubbing my hard cock against her naked ass!

She wiggled that enticing ass at me saying, "I guess you are not the first one who likes my ass, so I am not surprised." As she stood up again and turned to walk toward me my heart began beating faster. "Let me slip back on those long legs of yours Marc I want to feel those strong hands on my ass as I grind against you!" she said through a seductive smile!

"I don't have any problem with that Ashlyn," I said as she straddled my waist sitting down on my legs as she did. As she settled down on to my thighs, I reach around and caressed those lovely cheeks of hers, squeezing them gently. Her as was firm and felt good in my hands as I told her, "I think I could squeeze this lovely ass of yours all night long Ashlyn,"

She liked how my hands were working her butt too. "You have nice hands Marc, I like the way you are doing that it feels good," she whispered into my ear as she leaned forward against my chest. Her mouth was nearly against my right ear as she gently blew into it. Her warm breath sent shivers through my body again. My cock was straining against my jeans as she continued to blow into my ear, occasionally licking my ear which made me squeeze that ass a little bit harder.

The she slid her waist up farther so that she was now straddling my waist. Without stopping the breathing into my ear, she started to grind her pussy against my solid cock! She moved her pussy back and forth over my hard dick, my hands helping her motion as they never left her ass, 

The breathing turned to moaning on her part, as she finally said, "Damn sweetie, you have something very nice in those pants don't you!"

"I like to think I do Ashlyn," I replied, as I turned my lips toward her neck gently kissing it as she continued to slowly grind against my cock. "I just love your scent Ashlyn, it is a real turn on," I said as I continue to move my lips up and down the nape of her neck.

"I love that Marc, you lips feel so soft, you are turning me on and that is not supposed to happen," she chuckled as she leaned back away from me. She pushed herself back off me standing back up again, as the song that was playing began to end. "Well my dear that is the end of the dance, I do hope you enjoyed it," she said softly cupping her breasts and pushing them together.

"I do have something that will fit nicely in the cleavage Ashlyn," I said as I watched her

"I know you do Marc, I am not sure I have enough cleavage thought to hold it," she replied with in a coy voice. "I can imagine it would really feel good here though!" she added as she looked down at her breasts.

"I can imagine the same thing Ashlyn, and partially because of that I still am a little uncomfortable," I said with a broad smile, as I adjust my position on the couch. "It also doesn't help that now I have to wait til I get home to take care of this fantasy I have flying through my mind right now," I added with a wink.

"Well maybe you don't have to wait til you get home Marc, you know I have been told that I have had a kind of extreme effect on men at times," Ashlyn responded as she slip her wrap back around her waist. She then picked up her bra off the couch and said, "Can you help me with this?" as she held the two sides of the bra with the clasp toward me.

"I most definitely can." I said as I reached up and took the clasp and slip the ends together. As I finshed the clasp I slid my hands down along the sides of her. I couldn't believe how smooth her skin was and how soft. I wanted to just pull her towards me and slip my arms around her. Pressing my body against her was all I wanted to do at that moment!

"I bet I can tell what you are thinking at this exact moment Marc," Ashyln said surprisingly. "If I am right you have to get another dance right now and if I am wrong you get another dance but it is on me, what do you think?" she said with a wry smile.

What the hell I thought for me it is a win win bet as it might cost me $40 more bucks, but that would be the worst of it for me! "OK I will take that bet Ashlyn!" I said excitedly.

"If my guess is correct Marc, you were wanting to slid those soft hands of yours around my waist and pull me back towards you, didn't you?" she said in a very assured manner.

I know I didn't care if she was right or wrong, but how did she know, how could she have known that I was thinking that! There had to be something more going on with this connection between the two of us then I ever considered, this couldn't be sheer chance!?

"I don't believe it Ashlyn, how did you know?" I asked her with bewilderment on my face.

She replied with a wide smile and said "It is what I wanted you to do Marc and I just had a sense you were thinking the same thing."

My mouth just about dropped again! She wanted me to do it. I had never had a dancer say she wanted me to do anything with her or to her except pay her! Was Ashlyn trying to tell me something or was she just setting up future dances with me? I was so excited but also so skeptical because this woman was absolutely beautiful and could have anyone she wanted. No way she decided I was someone to find out more about.

"You wanted me to put my arms around you Ashlyn, really?" I said with a quizzical look on my face. "Why would you have wanted me to do that? I continued.

She looked at me with a wry smile and said, "I liked the feel of your hands on me Marc and I really liked the feel of that hard cock in your pants against me!"

"Well then I guess I better pay off my wager then Ashley, you ready to give me another dance?" I asked.