 Rodney and Janet had been married for over 15 years when he got laid off from his position as a middle manager at a bank. Though he still felt young in his mid-40's Rodney had a hard time convincing prospective employers that his skill set was up to date. Janet had worked in sales on and off over they years, so the couple decided that Janet would go find a sales position while Rodney enrolled in some night classes to brush up his skills. She was offered a position at an enterprise software company and she struggled at first. She was started to worry that she would lose her job when she finally made a breakthrough at a trade convention in New York City...

Janet was staffing the trade booth with some other women. Her boss, Tim had suggested that she wear a more revealing outfit than normal.

"You don't have to dress like a 'booth babe', but you know, it wouldn't hurt to wear something that, uh, shows off your figure," he had said eyeing Janet's ample bosom and narrow waist.

Janet had reluctantly agreed. She just wore a slightly tighter blouse and a snugger and shorter skirt than normal, but she did find that the visitors to the booth were much more receptive to her sales pitch. Oddly, the women were more open to her as well which she didn't fully understand, given that they all seemed straight. Janet was starting to feel much more hopeful as she collected more and more prospect information. But things really picked up when a previous prospect, Jim Neighbors, senior manager at a midwest auto parts dealer stopped by the booth.

"Why hello," said Jim gazing shamelessly at Janet's cleavage. "Janet, isn't it? You submitted a to us over at PartsCo last month didn't you?"

"Yes, Jim," said Janet giving him a smile. "It's nice of you to remember. I haven't heard from anyone on your team for a few weeks."

"Well, you know. We need to get three proposals and then I need to see reports from my operations and development folks outlining the pros and cons. All the standard, due diligence," Neighbors looked Janet's body up and down as he talked, totally unconcerned about how obvious he was being.

Janet glanced over at her co-worker, Carla who gave Janet a knowing smile and looked like she was struggling to keep from laughing.

"Ahh, yes of course," said Janet, blushing slightly at Jim's attention to her body. "We certainly shouldn't try to rush the process. But was there any more information that I can give you now? Maybe we can drill down into various modules?"

Carla couldn't help but snort in amusement at the lewd smile that Jim gave Janet when she said "drill down." Janet blushed an even deeper shade of red, regretting her accidental innuendo.

"Well, yes, we should drill down into your... product," he said with a twinkle in his eye. "Why don't you come have dinner with me tonight and you can give me... more information about what you have to offer."

Carla had to turn away, giggling at Jim's suggestive phrasing. Janet felt her face burning with embarrassment, but she squared her shoulders and smiled as brightly as she could. "That sounds great, Jim." She consulted her watch. "Well it's 5:30 now. We will be wrapping up soon. I have to help Carla pack up the booth. Shall we meet in the lobby at 7:00 and go grab a steak at Del Frisco's?"

"Outstanding idea," said Jim enthusiastically, looking at Janet's shapely legs.

They exchanged cards and Neighbors strutted off, his chest puffed up in pride.

"Oh. My. God," shrieked Carla with laughter. "That old guy could not take his eyes off your body, Janet." Carla was much younger than Janet, being in her twenties, but she had started around the same time, so they had become friends.

"Carla, he's not that old," sighed Janet. "He's probably only five or six years older than I am."

"Well you look a heck of a lot younger," said Carla, admiring Janet's figure. "You are like a MILF."

"Carla!" laughed Janet. "Watch your language, young lady."

"Are you going to tell your husband about this tete-a-tete with Neighbors?" asked Carla with a smirk.

"Well, no... It's just a business dinner after all..." said Janet, avoiding her gaze as she helped pack up the marketing brochures.

"Yeah, sure it is," snorted Carla. "That guy wants to drill down into you, not the product."

"Oh boy," said Janet looking over at Carla with a worried expression. "Did you get that impression, too?"

"Of course," said Carla with an impish smile. "The question is, 'how far will you go to close a sale?' I wouldn't go very far with that guy, maybe a handjob with my top off, but that's it."

Janet broke out laughing. Carla was always making inappropriate sexual jokes. "But if he was younger and better looking you would go farther?" she asked her young friend with a smile.

"Maybe," said Carla with shrug, tossing her hair flippantly. "That PartsCo deal is worth a lot of money. I've given out handjobs for a lot less: dinner, movie, and a guilt trip." Then Carla changed to a more serious tone and looked at Janet with concern, "But what will you do if he comes on to you? "

"I don't know," replied Janet, biting her lip. "I guess I will just figure out a way to politely decline. I'll tell him I'm a married woman."

"You don't sound too sure of yourself," said Carla squinting at her. "If you don't close a deal soon, you might lose this job. Maybe you should fool around with Neighbors a little. Your husband never needs to know about it. Jeez, you'd be helping him out, really."

"He wouldn't see it that way," chuckled Janet bitterly. "I mean, things have certainly cooled down between us, sexually, over the years... But he would still be jealous."

"That's why you don't tell him," said Carla, looking around to make sure no one was eavesdropping. "Seriously, if Neighbors goes after you, just let him cop a feel, maybe give him a tugjob. Who knows? It might be fun! When's the last time you saw a strange penis?" Carla gave Janet a mischievous grin as then finished closing up the stall.

"Carla, you are just terrible," laughed Janet. "So young and full of hormones..." Janet shook her head. "I'm going to go take a shower and change for dinner. I'll talk to you tomorrow."

As she prepared for dinner, Janet thought about her conversation with Carla. Carla seemed pretty loose, sexually. Maybe she actually would fool around with a client to close a deal. Janet was surprised to find that the idea of being with another man appealed to her somewhat. She loved Rodney deeply and she would never leave him. But their sex life had languished in recent years and she thought of him more of a life partner than a sexual partner lately. If she lost this job it might actually hurt him more than finding out she had fooled around with another man. She was confident that he would forgive her a minor indiscretion. She had always been faithful all these years. 

She admired the way she looked in the mirror. She still had a nice body after all these years, but she didn't show it off much. It felt good to get all that attention today. With that in mind, Janet put on another tight blouse and short skirt. She didn't wear a bra and left her three buttons of her blouse undone to show off her cleavage, idly hoping to entice Neighors. But then she shook her head as she headed out the door. "This is silly," she said to herself. "Neighbors hasn't even made a pass at me. And another thing, what if we did fool around and I still didn't get the deal? I'd feel like an idiot. It's foolish to even consider this stuff."

Janet met Neighbors in the lobby and he whistled in admiration when he saw her He held her at arms length and looked her up and down lasciviously. "Janet, you are a simply gorgeous lady. I hope you forgive me, but I am not going to be able to keep my eyes off of you tonight."

Janet laughed demurely, "That's very nice of you to say, Jim. But let's go eat, now, shall we? I'm starving."

"Certainly," he said, offering her his arm. "I like a woman with a healthy appetite."

They took a cab to Del Frisco's which is a fancy corporate steakhouse. During the ride over, they chatted about their spouses and took turns showing photos of their children. Janet relaxed as it was firmly established that they were both happily married. They arrived at the place and were seated immediately. Janet was glad that her boss had made standing reservations for the entire week of the convention because the place was packed.

After they were seated and had placed their orders, Janet leaned forward and said, "So let's get down to business, shall we?"

Neighbors gazed down at her cleavage and smiled broadly, "Oh yes, let's. Now look, most of these software suites are roughly comparable. Maybe yours is a bit more expensive, but the others require more customization so for me, the differentiating factor is customer service. I want a company that goes above and beyond the call of duty."

"Well, you know, we have the highest rated customer service in this space. I assume you saw the Gartner report?" said Janet smoothly, trying to ignore Jim's lewd attention to her boobs.

"Sure, sure," said Neighbors dismissively. "But what I want is that personal touch, the intangibles that don't come across in cold corporate report cards."

"Uh, Ok," gulped Janet. "Well, I will be your dedicated sales representative. You can contact me at any time and I will work closely with you to make sure you are happy." This is just the sort of thing that all sales reps say, but Janet felt weird saying it in this context.

"Yes, that's what I want to hear," said Neighbors reaching over to put his hand on Janet's thigh.

Janet's pulse quickened as Jim rubbed her thigh. A thrill ran through her body as a strange man touched her thigh for the first time in years. She was torn and couldn't decide whether to tell him to stop or not, so she just smiled weakly at Neighbors.

"Janet, can I ask you a question?" he said softly.

"Sure, Jim," she stammered, her breath coming faster as she tried to ignore the way he was sliding his hand along her stockinged thigh and up under the hem of her skirt.

"Why didn't you wear a bra tonight?" he asked simply.

Janet expelled a heavy breath and put her hand on top of Jim's, but she didn't pull his away. She steeled herself and coyly responded, "Why, is that a problem?"

Jim laughed and slipped his hand down between her legs to tickle her inner thighs. She gasped in response but said nothing. "Oh, no. I was just wondering if you were planning on unbuttoning a few more buttons and showing me... a little more."

Janet's heart was racing and she felt herself getting wet from Jim's advances. "Uh, it's pretty crowded in here..." she said nervously looking around the bustling restaurant.

"Yes, it is, isn't it," he said devilishly as he rubbed her thigh.

"You are very naughty," said Janet, struggling to catch her breath.

"I thought you wanted to make me happy..." he said with a playful pout.

"Oh boy," gulped Janet. She had to admit, that the idea of flashing her tits to a client in a crowded Manhattan steak house did turn her on. She surreptitiously unfastened a couple more buttons of her blouse but held it closed. The server stopped by and Janet nearly had a heart attack.

"Can I take these plates away, folks?" asked the attractive young woman. She gave no sign that she noticed how far Janet's blouse was undone. She just smiled and cleared the table. "I'll be right back with a dessert menu."

When the server departed, Janet gave a quick look around the restaurant and whispered, "Are you ready?"

"Whenever you are," responded Neighbors hungrily.

The place was too crowded to say for sure, but when Janet felt that probably no one was watching she opened her blouse quickly and let Jim see her nipples. They were stiff already but she pinched them for emphasis, smiling at Jim sweetly as she did so before quickly closing her blouse again.

"I say!" he exclaimed, "That's good stuff!" Sweat was beaded up on his forehead and his eyes were glassy with lust.

"Did you like that?" Janet asked innocently. She was amazed that she had the guts to do it, but now she felt that she had Neighbors in the palm of her hand.

"Feel for yourself," he said gruffly, grabbing her hand and putting it in his lap so that she could feel the lump in his trousers. Janet laughed in surprise and just then the server came back with the dessert menus.

The young woman delicately ignored the fact that Janet had her hand in Jim's lap and just started explaining the dessert specials. "We have a pomegranate creme brulee with an apricot preserve on the side. Also a special port."

As the server went on, Janet mischievously squeezed Jim's bulge causing it to grow stiffer and also causing all the blood to drain from his face. The server studiously completed reciting the specials and waited for their order.

"Are you going to have anything, darling?" Janet asked Jim sweetly, pretending to be his wife.

"Oh no, I'm fine," he croaked, barely able to breathe.

"Are you sure?" asked Janet, squeezing his thing insistently while the server stood by. Janet assumed from the way she blushed slightly that the young woman suspected what was going on under the table, but she did a good job of looking toward the ceiling as she waited for the order. Jim was clearly too stricken to respond, so Janet gently released him and put her hand primly back into her lap.

"We are fine, dear. Just the check, please," said Janet.

"Certainly, ma'am," said the server with relief and hurried away.

"Janet, that was... wow," stammered Jim wiping his brow with his napkin. "I thought I was going to have a stroke when you gripped me in front of the server like that."

"What was that in your pocket, anyway?" asked Janet fiendishly. "Are you carrying a billy club in your pants?"

Jim just broke out laughing as the server brought the check. Janet put her own card down and help up her hand when Jim started to complain. "Oh no, I insist."

Jim put his wallet back and nodded graciously, "Alright, thank you, Janet."

Janet's mind was reeling as they walked out to grab a cab back to the hotel. She couldn't believe that she had flashed her boobs and grabbed a strange man's crotch. The fact that Jim was a prospective client suddenly meant nothing. She felt an incredible rush as she discovered this sexually aggressive side of herself. She was also starting to suspect that she might be an exhibitionist which she had never really considered before. So she was lost in thought when Jim started talking.

"What's that?" she asked in confusion.

"Here's a cab, Janet," he said patiently.

As they were driving back downtown, Jim said, "Wow, that was some dinner. I won't forget that one any time soon."

"Why is that, Jim?" asked Janet, casually allowing her blouse to fall open again, exposing her large pale breasts.

"Uh," he said, at a loss for words as he stared at her hard pink nipples.

Janet casually unzipped Jim's fly and extracted his penis in the darkened back seat of the cab. It was a familiar action, which she had done with her husband countless times, though Jim's phallus was smaller and more crooked than Rodney's. But this cabbie was more observant than the ones back home. He looked in the rear view mirror suspiciously.

"Hey, what are you doing back there?" he demanded.

"Why we are just trying to have a business conversation," replied Janet indignantly. "Just drive please and mind your own business."

"If you make a mess back there, it is my business," muttered the cabby to himself.

Jim stared in amazement at Janet's audacity and gripped her boobs in his hands as she gently stroked his cock.

"Now where were we?" asked Janet. "Oh yes, as I was saying, we strive to give our customers the very best experience possible." She tugged on Jim's member for emphasis. "So if there is ever any way I can be of assistance, don't hesitate to call me."

"Oh yes," he said distractedly pinching her nipples with fervor.

Janet stroked him more and more firmly until she felt him on the verge of ejaculating, then she stopped suddenly and pulled away from him, closing her blouse modestly. The cab was just pulling up to the hotel, so she felt that she timed things pretty well. "Well, here we are!" she said brightly, hopping out of the car. Then she bent over and whispered to the driver, "Don't worry, I stopped before he could make a mess."

"Thank you, ma'am," said the driver grudgingly.

"Good night, JIm. I had a marvelous time," she called buttoning her blouse rapidly. 

"Janet, wait!" cried Jim, flinging cash at the driver and awkwardly struggling to zip up his fly and climb out of the car at the same time. "Don't you want to come up and have a night cap?"

"No thank you," she called politely over her shoulder.

"But, but, what about customer service?" he said, trailing after her, trying to keep his voice down as passers by looked at him oddly.

"Why, customer service is for customers, Jim," replied Janet, stopping in her tracks and putting her hands on her hips. "Surely you know that."

"Yes, I see," he said distractedly, nursing his crotch to hide his raging hardon.

"Good night, then," she said cheerfully, giving him a hug and peck on the cheek.

"Yes, good night, Janet," he said, gazing with longing at her nice round rump as she sashayed away.

The next day Janet met with time and Carla in one of the hotel suite reserved by her company for staging, to plan the day's activities.

"Carla, I need you to write up a revised proposal for PartsCo. Change the support plan to a three year term at the platinum level," said Janet sternly, pouring herself a cup of coffee.

Tim nearly choked on his coffee, "Janet! Do you realize that practically doubles the cost of the project? You are going to sink the entire deal!"

"I met with Neighbors last night and he said that service was our companies differentiating advantage," said Janet, giving Tim a steely look.

"Service huh?" asked Carla wagging her eyebrows at Janet behind Tim's back. "Sounds like the meeting went pretty well."

"I think so," said Janet smugly. "He revealed that offering an outstanding customer experience would help us stand apart from the competitors."

"Are you sure they won't get sticker shock?" asked Tim skeptically.

"Do you really want us to be the budget option?" returned Janet forcefully.

Carla just smiled at Janet in admiration.

"Ok, we do it your way," said Tim rubbing his head. "But this will be your show. If it goes through you will win big. If it tanks... well, you know what happens."

"I am OK with that," said Janet, calmly meeting his gaze.

They completed their plans for the day and Carla took Janet aside as Tim left the room. "So how far did you go?" she asked scandalously.

"I'm sure I don't know what you are talking about, darling," sniffed Janet, putting her nose in the air.

"Ok, play dumb, that's fine. Just answer me this, straight or crooked?" asked Carla with a lecherous grin.

"Crooked and small," laughed Janet with a wink, turning to walk away.

Carla just put her hand to her mouth in disbelief and then broke out laughing. "I didn't think you had it in you!" she called.

"I haven't had it in me... yet," replied Janet as she walked out the door. She heard the cackle of Carla's laughter all the way down the hall.

When she returned home to Rodney, Janet didn't feel the slightest pang of guilt. It's true that she enjoyed her little encounter with Neighbors, and she actually felt that she had a sort of sexual awakening. But she was was sure that Rodney would forgive her. She was more worried that she had overplayed her hand and the dread of losing the sale and possibly her job loomed over her. Then one day, she got a call at home as she was ready to head to work.

"Carla? This is Tim," said her boss as she answered the phone.
