 Every Saturday morning Mike went to the Georgetown Barnes and Noble. This Saturday was no different. It was a cold, overcast day with a forecast for snow. It was still early on this December day so only a light mist was falling in the frigid air. He was dressed casually, in jeans and a white button down oxford. To combat the weather, he had on a brown leather coat and gloves. 

As he entered the store, he took off his gloves and shook his head to rid himself of the dripping rain. It mussed his hair, but he didn't care. As he shoved the gloves into his pocket. he scanned the store looking for her. She was usually there every Saturday as well. Their eyes often met, held and a silent communication passed between them, an awareness, an attraction. Yet neither of them approached the other. 

He didn't see her on the first floor, so he headed up the escalator to the café, to get something warm to drink. As he stood in line, he scanned the second floor looking for her. Nothing. He ordered a tall latte and walked over to the escalator. As he ascended to the third floor, he noticed her. She was walking toward the foreign arts section. As he sipped his latte, he willed her to notice him. 

He walked over to the section where she was browsing, however, he didn't go down that aisle, but one over. He walked almost to the point where he stood directly across from her. He set his latte down on a shelf and picked up a book. He flipped the pages, but really didn't notice what he had in his hands. He just wanted to absorb her nearness. He kept glancing at her out of the corner of his eye, waiting for her to acknowledge him. Finally, she looked up and noticed him. She did a double take, a small smile crossing her lips and then once again she focused her attention on the book in her hands. He grinned, knowing he now had her attention. 

Susan put her book back and headed down the aisle, slowly, glancing over the titles, but keeping her eye on him. She turned down his aisle, approaching the section where he was standing. She could now smell his cologne, a nice earthy scent. She noted his wet hair, wanting to brush it out of his face. She bit her lip but resisted the urge to touch him. She glanced at the dust jacket of the book he was reading and took a copy off the shelf, not noting the title nor topic. As she flipped it open, she gasped. 

Mike quickly glanced to his left, noting that she was standing right next to him. He tensed, not knowing what to do or say. Her eyes moved up from the page she was looking at to his. Her mouth slightly agape, her eyes shocked. He glanced at what she was reading and noted that she had the book open to a page showing two lovers pleasuring one another, a very sensual picture of Japanese erotica. He glanced down at the book in his hands and realized it was the same book. He closed his eyes and silently groaned. 

His embarrassment made her smile. Susan licked her lips and set the book back on the shelf. She took the book out of his hands and put it back as well. She looked him in the eye. It was a long stare, an arousing stare, a longing stare. It was one they both felt. Then she turned and started walking to the far corner of the store. She glanced once over her shoulder to see if he was following her. He was.

Mike couldn't believe he was following her. But the look in her eyes aroused both his mind and his body. If he hadn't been wearing a leather coat, everyone in Barnes and Noble would have known that he was definitely aroused in body. Once they reached the far corner, she took his hand and pulled him around a darkened corner. It was quiet back there, only store clerks would walk in that direction. Or so he hoped.

Susan reached up, threading her fingers through his hair, combing it off his face. Her hand then went behind to his neck and she gently pulled his head down toward hers. At first it was a tentative kiss, just lips, soft, pressing, intimate. Then their mouths opened and the kiss became more intense. Their tongues met and tangled, tasting, sucking. She leaned back and looked him in the eye, her hands cupping his neck, her thumbs caressing his ears. Then she moved her palms to his chest, feeling his heart beat and then lower down to his waist.

His hands tugged her tshirt from her jeans, and moved his hands up to her breasts. He kissed her again, their lips touching, clinging. He cupped her breasts, squeezed them, felt her nipples harden under his palms. He groaned into her mouth.

Susan unbuckled, unbuttoned, and slid the zipper of his pants down. She slowly moved his jeans down to his thighs. She pressed against his body, feeling his hard cock pressing into her. She moaned into his mouth. Then she looked into his eyes as she slowly moved down his body to kneel before him, her hands in the waistband on his green plaid boxers, sliding them slowly down, as if unwrapping a prized gift. She took his cock in her hand and began to stroke it, watching it slide back and forth in her hand. She saw the pre-cum on the tip and licked it up with the tip of her tongue, then took the head between her lips, sucking and running her tongue along the underside, over the head. She slowly moved her lips the length of his cock until she could feel the head reach her at the back of her throat, relaxing, taking him fully into her mouth, throat. She moved her lips back and forth along his cock in smooth rhythmic strokes.

Mike just stood there against the wall, his hands tangled in her short brown hair. He loved the way she took all his cock down her throat. He wouldn't last long, he could tell. The public place and the daring of their act combined to have him cum quickly in her mouth. She didn't miss a beat, swallowing all of his cum, not missing a drop. He dragged her up so that he could kiss her, tasting his cum on her lips, tongue. He pulled back and looked into her eyes. He could tell she was still very aroused. He wanted to fuck her. But this was not the place. He cocked his head at her as if to question whether she trusted him or not. She nodded. He hiked up his jeans and buckled them quickly. Grabbed her hand and then went down the escalators to the ground floor. They exited the store and he hailed a cab. He gave the driver an address in Arlington.

They arrived at his house. He paid the cab and took her inside. As soon as the door was shut Mike pushed her against the door. He stripped her coat off, her tshirt, her boots, her socks, her jeans. She stood there against the door clad only in bra and panties. He took off his coat, reached for his belt, then she stepped forward to help him undress. She took off his shirt, shoes, socks, jeans, boxers. She had him hard again just from her touch. She stepped back and first removed her bra, then slid her panties off. He couldn't wait any longer and again had her against the door, kissing her, touching her everywhere, her breasts, belly, pussy. He checked to see if she was as aroused as him. He felt her moisture, dripping from her pussy. 

Her hands were not still, touching his hair, neck, shoulders, back, chest, ass. He then grabbed her ass with both hands, lifting her slightly so that his hard cock could enter her wet pussy. His cock filled her. She just moaned as she felt him slide in. He kissed her lips and neck, nibbling her earlobe. He fucked her with a steady pace, as she clung to him. He wanted to feel her cum as he fucked her. He reached down and fingered her clit. She screamed, coming at his touch. He felt her squeezing his cock inside her, trying to milk everything from him. He rode out her orgasm, watching her as she came, clinging to him. 

Susan was breathing hard. She opened her eyes and stared into his. He had stopped fucking her but she knew he was still hard. She squeezed her cunt around his hard cock, letting him know that she wanted more of him. He released her and withdrew his cock. He kissed her lips, once, twice, tenderly, lovingly. Then he slid his lips along her jaw, to her neck, her chest, her breasts. He spent time licking and kissing her breasts, sucking her nipples, biting them. His hands caressed her hips, back, buttocks. She relaxed under his gentle ministrations. He moved lower, swirling his tongue in her belly button and down lower still. He could smell her arousal, pungent, enticing. He gently licked her there, tasting her wetness and then licking more and more as it flowed from her. He lapped it up, teasing her clit, stroking, teasing, stroking. She couldn't take much more and came again on his tongue. 

When she relaxed, Mike took her hand and dragged her down the tiny hall to the bedroom. The bed was unmade but it made little difference. He fell backwards, dragging her down on top of him. She laughed and kissed him all over his face, squirming a bit on his body, fitting herself to him. She couldn't take it knowing he was still hard so she turned around and took his cock in her mouth again, this time coated with her cum. She licked it clean and then took it in her mouth. 

Meanwhile Mike could not pass up what was presented before him and took up eating her pussy again. They spent the next while pleasuring one another orally much like that picture in the Japanese erotica book Mike had been looking at. Susan came twice more but soon she wanted to feel him in her. Not to mention she could tell he was close to cumming. She turned around again and straddled him. She took his cock and guided it into her pussy. She slowly took his cock in her and when she had the whole thing inside her she stopped. She squeezed his cock and then bent down and kissed him. She didn't move but kept kissing him, deep sensuous kisses. His hands were stroking her back and then he began to fuck her, wanting the same release she had. Soon he flipped her to her back and began to fuck her faster and more intensely, his eyes locked with hers. They met each other stroke for stroke. Then he groaned and shot his cum inside her. She felt each and every drop of it and came again hard.

Mike collapsed on her, both of them breathing hard. Soon they quieted and he slid his cock from her and eased to her side. He kissed her and smiled at her. Susan smiled back, sleepy, closing her eyes, breathing evenly. He watched her for a few minutes, then, he, too, fell asleep.

A while later he awoke. He was holding her in his arms, spooning with her, this woman he had picked up at a bookstore. A woman he had seen there week after week. A woman that had aroused him from a mere touch. An amazing woman. He kissed her neck, her earlobes. His hand caressed her belly, going higher to her breasts, and lower to caress the tuft of hair above her pussy. 

Susan relaxed in his hold, loving the feel of him behind her. She could feel his arousal. His hand reached her thigh and lifted it, draping it over his, allowing him access to her. He slid his cock into her and began a slow, gentle rhythm, moving his cock in and out. His hand strayed to her clit and massaged it, wanting again to feel her cum. She didn't disappoint him. She came quickly which caused him to cum with her. He stayed inside her, kissing her neck, his breathing steadying. 

He whispered something to her and she just smiled. 

When they awoke later that day, it was snowing quite steadily. A number of inches had accumulated and it didn't look as if it were going to stop any time soon. Mike got up and went to the kitchen. He returned with a bottle of wine, some glasses, and a bowl of leftovers pasta he found in the fridge. As they ate the impromptu picnic he said, "You realize that you won't be able to leave here any time soon. There must be a good 10 inches of snow out there." He grinned at her as he said it.

"Really. I suppose you planned that. No doubt you want me to shovel the sidewalk and driveway in the morning. As if I need any more exercise!" She laughed, thinking back over the day since she encountered him in the bookstore. Then she leaned over and kissed his lips, tasting the spicy marinara as he slid his tongue between her lips. 

"No, not really. But now that you mention it, it isn't a bad idea." That comment earned him a pillow tossed at his head. They both laughed, smiling at their teasing.

Later as they were snuggling under the blankets together, feeling sated from both the food and loving, Mike reached over and turned off the lamp. As he did so he noted the slip of purple paper on the nightstand and smiled. Yes, the idea drawn from the jar had been quite an erotic adventure for them both. When he had awoke that morning and saw the slip of paper on her pillow, he had had no idea that it would lead to such a pleasure filled day … for both of them. And then he thought he couldn't wait until the next fantasy was drawn from the jar for them to enjoy together.