 You wake the next morning to an empty bed. Could it all have been a dream you wonder? Your stomach rumbles angrily when you notice the plate of eggs, bacon and toast on the table beside the bed. Small drops of condensation run down the side of the glass of orange juice sitting next to the plate. You smile to yourself as you grab the plate and begin eating with gusto.

You set the plate back on the table and finish off the orange juice. You stand up, put on some pants and take the dishes to the kitchen. You find me there wearing a silk robe stirring a bowl of chocolate pudding.

As you walk into the kitchen I look up and smile at you. You notice a small drop of pudding on my lip and come closer and kiss it off me. I grin up at you as I stick a finger into the pudding and slowly begin to lick it off my finger. Your eyes lock on to my finger as I slowly lick the pudding off, then slowly insert my finger into my mouth and suck off the remaining pudding.

After I am done I lick my lips slowly and lean into you and kiss you passionately. You can taste the pudding as my tongue caresses yours.

“Good morning sweetie,” I say as I pull away from you and resume stirring the pudding.

“Good morning, thanks for the breakfast,” you say as you put the dishes in the dish washer. You walk back over to me and dip your finger in the pudding to taste some. Before your finger makes it to your mouth I grab your hand and pull your finger to my mouth. I lick your finger softly then pull it into my mouth. You let out a soft moan as my tongue caresses your finger. I pull your finger from my mouth and put your hand down to your side.

“You can’t have any yet, it’s for later,” I say with a wink.

“Hmmm,” you say while raising an eyebrow at me, a small smile playing across your lips.

I cover the pudding with saran wrap and place it in the fridge for later. I motion for you to follow me as I make my way back to the bedroom. Once there I push you onto the bed and crawl on top of you like a kitten. 

My robe falls open a bit and you can see my cleavage as I straddle you. I lean up and you can feel the heat of my pussy as it hovers over your now hard cock. I run my hands down your chest slowly as I keep myself just high enough above your cock so you can feel the heat but nothing else. 

I lean forward and kiss you softly on the lips, my breasts pushing gently against you as we embrace. My tongue gently plays across your lips. I lean back up again, running my hands down your chest to the waistband of your pants. You moan softly as you feel my fingertips inside the waistband of your pants. 

“Want to know what my favorite part of a man is?”

You nod your head. A small moan escapes you as I gently pull the waistband of your pants down so that it rests right at the beginning of your cock. I gently run my fingers down each side of your stomach where your thighs meet your pubic area and it forms those small creases.

“These are my favorite part of a man,” I say. “Like little arrows pointing to the treasure below,” I say softly as my fingers follow the crease down. 

You close your eyes waiting to feel my soft fingers continue on down and surround your cock, but my fingers stop just short of your hard cock, a small smile on my lips as I lean forward again to kiss you. You let out a small angry moan as you return my kiss passionately.

A gasp escapes your mouth as I lower my dripping pussy against your rock hard cock. You control your urge to cum right then and their as you feel my hot, wet pussy through your pants. 

You moan against my lips as my tongue caresses yours and I grind my pussy against your cock. My hips rock slowly back and forth against you. Your pants are now quite wet from my dripping pussy. 

I can feel your cock throbbing against me as I slowly grind against it. When I think you can’t possibly take anymore I slowly raise myself from you and with one last soft kiss I get up off the bed.

“I think its time for me to take a shower,” I say as I drop my robe around my ankles and walk into the bathroom. You moan softly as you try to catch your breath, your cock throbbing madly. 

You watch me walk into the bathroom. I don’t shut the bathroom door behind me but leave it open just enough so that you can see the shower. I turn on the water and step in to the shower. 

You watch through the glass shower door as the water runs off my breasts. My nipples are hard as rock as the water drips off of them. My hands run through my hair then slowly down my chest, pausing to pinch my nipples. You feel your cock throb harder as you watch me playing with my breasts.

It occurs to you that I must be taking a cold shower because the glass is not fogging up at all, giving you the perfect view of me as my hands slowly travel across my body. Not being able to stand your cock pushing against your pants you pull them off.

You watch me as I look hungrily at your now naked cock. I lick my lips as I stare at it standing tall, a small drop on the tip. I turn around so my back is facing you, and then bend over to grab my plumeria scented body wash, giving you a good view of my pussy.

I stand up again and begin to lather myself up. You watch intently as suds run down my breasts and my stomach. My hands slowly run over my breasts, pausing to play with my nipples. I put one foot against the glass door, giving you full view of my sudsy pussy. I run my hands over my leg getting it nice and soapy. I put my leg back down and put the other on the door and soap my other leg. 

I then stand underneath the running water, letting it wash the suds away from my body, giving you an unhampered view once again. I look at you, watching your cock throbbing in the air, begging to be touched.

You can’t stand it anymore; you run your hand down your stomach and wrap your fingers around your cock. You slowly begin to run your hand up and down your pulsing member.

I eye you hungrily as I put my foot on the door again. You watch as one of my hands travels down my belly to my pussy. I tilt my head back; mouth slightly open and my fingers spread my lips and begin to slowly circle around my clit. You hear a soft moan from the bathroom as you watch me playing with myself, your hand still slowly pumping your throbbing cock.

I look at you again watching you stroking yourself. You can tell from the look in my eyes that watching you is getting me hotter than ever. A soft cry escapes my lips as I slowly insert a finger into my dripping pussy. I watch you stroking yourself as I finger myself in rhythm with you. One hand plays with my nipple and the other pounds my pussy.

I hear you begin to moan and it gets me hotter still. I watch as small drops of liquid form on the tip of your cock then run down your cock as you stroke it. I begin to play with my clit again as I can feel my orgasm getting closer.

I can tell you are as close as I am because your strokes have become faster. Our eyes meet as we both get closer to orgasm. You watch as my hips start thrusting against my hand my moans getting louder. I watch as your hand pumps your throbbing cock harder and harder. We moan together as the first waves of orgasm wash over us.

My hips rocking as my finger massages my clit, juices running freely from me. I let out a cry and close my eyes as wave after wave of intense pleasure washes over me as I cum in front of you. I hear your moaning growing louder and I open my eyes just in time to see jets of cum shoot out of your cock and puddle on your stomach. Your cock jerking violently in your hand as your hot cum keeps shooting out of you.

I rinse my cum from my pussy and turn off the shower. I grab a towel, wrap it around me and walk over to the bed. I sit next to you; you shudder as cold drops of water fall from my wet hair on to your chest. I slip the towel off and crawl on top of you once again.

I lean down and gently begin to lick the pool of cum from your belly. My breasts fall around your now flaccid cock as I lap up your cum. As I move back and forth licking, I feel your cock begin to stir to life again as my breasts gently rub against it.

I look up at you, a small stream of cum running down my chin. I take a finger and wipe your cum from my chin with my finger, then slowly lick it off. You cock gets harder as you watch me licking my finger. 

After I have cleaned all the cum from your belly I get up and begin getting dressed.

“Well, come on, get dressed,” I say. “We’re going shopping!”