 As we ascended the stairwell and out onto the walkway, I heard the commotion below in the pool area. We had just enough time to slip on pants and shirts and carry our undergarments with us as we reached the hallway. We slipped quietly across the walkway as we heard a man telling another that there were three people in here doing something they shouldn’t have. I tingled remembering just moments before feeling Trish’s mouth throating my cock as David’s cock drove into her pussy. Trish’s driving back and forth between the two cocks was amazing, she lost herself entirely in the passion. Now we thought only of escaping detection.

Finally, we reached the safety from view of a hotel hallway. I was readying himself to give a polite goodbye and let the couple re-invent their passion for each other.

“Andrew, come to our room.”

“I really should let the two of you…”

“Andrew, where is your room?” Trish asked.

“I’m in 3402, in the next building”

“Well, that settles it. Hotel security is probably swarming now. You don’t think Holiday Inn wants to get a rep for a fuck hotel. Our room is down the hall. Do you want to be caught in the halls with your underwear in your hands and your hair soaking wet? At least we can offer a towel, hairdryer, and a place to get properly dressed.”

It didn’t seem they could be convinced otherwise. Trish pressed her hand to my arm and agreed with David. I couldn’t refuse.

We soon arrived at the room. David offered me a drink, and Trish went to the bathroom. I put my boxers on the table and sat in the chair as David made drinks. He put a scotch on the rocks in front of me. I heard the shower turn on, imagined Trish stepping into it. David and I talked for a bit, not mentioning the encounter, but just talking about subjects we had struck in that bar conversation the evening before. My hair dripped water onto my shirt, my shoulders getting visibly damp. David apologized that Trish had gone right into the shower, without throwing out a towel first. I was welcome to slip in and grab one.

I shrugged my damp shoulders in a casual ok, for some reason not wanting David to know I was getting hard at the thought of entering the room where Trish was taking a leisurely shower. It was David’s suggestion that I hang my shirt first, let it dry a bit. I slipped it off and on a hanger and walked to the bathroom and opened the door into the steamy room.

Trish smiled and closed her eyes as she felt the warm water wash over her body. Her mind replayed the fucking they had done just a short time ago. She amazed herself at her abandon, at how she had even opened up so completely to Andrew’s tongue and amazed even more at being their slut, thrusting her body between the two cocks. She lost herself in her reveries, sliding her fingers over her chest, down between her legs… she heard the door open, felt the rush of cold air.

“David?”

“It’s Andrew,” came the voice.

Trish opened the shower door, saw Andrew standing there with no shirt and smiled.

“Did you see me?” she asked looking down at her ripe nipple, her dripping groin.

“I was just coming for a towel. Sorry.”

“You should wash the chlorine off, baby.”

He involuntarily glanced at the door, and Trish giggled.

“Baby, don’t you think he WANTS you to?”

I looked at her… moved closer to kiss her as she grabbed my jeans and immediately worked at the button… I helped, unzipping them and seeing her hunger as I slipped them down and off. She took my hand as he slipped in the shower. Her hands were around my shoulders as she kissed me deeply and pushed me against the shower wall. Her hands pushed his shoulders, and her lips eagerly kissed his chest..down his breastbone… licking his nipples.. As her lips went down his abdomen, she cupped his balls, tingling as she heard and felt him moan… she wanted to luxuriate in it, but desperately wanted to taste that cock. She looked up at his gaping mouth and swallowed his cock in one long gulp. His moan reverberating against the walls made her even hotter. She fucked his cock fast with her mouth, feeling the water beat against her back, feeling his hips thrust into her. She quickly slipped it out, took it in her hands and stood up, kissing his lips then growling in his ear, “Fuck me, baby, fuck me NOW!”

She pumped his cock a couple times, turned around to face the streaming water, pointed his cock at her backside then let go and braced the wall. Her moans were loud even as she felt him sliding his head between her legs, finding her pussy, and letting it slip in. She clawed at the shower walls as the water pounded her face, run down her breasts, down her tummy, and over her pussy, in which Andrew’s large cock was sliding deep. She gasped and felt his balls rub against her ass, moaning like an animal in heat. She writhed uninhibited as he moved slowly in and out of her. God, it was a dream to feel this cock thrust deep inside her. Each pounding opened her more. She barely heard the bathroom door open, the shower slider opening was only felt by the rush of cold air, and Andrew’s cock stopping inside her.

God, I knew he could hear it all. We both moaned loud enough, but I expected he would stay out there and just give a knowing smile when we came out. Actually, I was too lost in fucking Trish to even care, but to see the slider open, to see David stand there as my cock was buried in Trish, I froze.

“Well, my sweet slut. That was a good start, and I see that you got more of his meat there. Is it true that you just adore cock, you whore?”

Trish took on a submissive sweet voice as she squirmed and wriggled her nether regions into my cock. “Yes,” she hissed, “I do.”

I was torn between wanting to moan and staying cool in David’s presence, but how cool can you be with your hard cock deep in the man’s wife’s pussy?

“Hmmm, let’s see what a good whore you are in getting these two cocks ready for you. Get out of that shower. One cock isn’t good enough for you.”

At this signal, I began withdrawing from Trish’s pussy, but not before she wiggled a couple times, then sighed as my cock trailed out of her. David held out a towel for me. I wrapped it around me and he whispered for me to get out and lay on the bed. I did so, drying myself and laying down on the sheets. I heard David slapping Trish, asking how bad a slut she was. She answered, “Very bad!” and I heard the slap of a towel, knowing it was on her ass. She screamed, but groaned too. I lay on the bed, listening and trying to figure out what they were doing. I imagined Trish now gripping the sink, David slapping her from behind. I heard her groans and imagined David fucking her. David became me in my reveries, replaying Trish in the shower taking my cock in her sweet mouth, then her ass straddling before me and the feeling of my cock’s head sliding over her wet pussy, slipping inside as she slid back, the steam rising and blurring. Lost in reverie, and exhausted from the workout, and all the alcohol sent me drifting. The replay became dream, my hands over her sweet luscious breasts, nipples pert and dripping with the cascading water. Dreams to me to rivers, Trish became a beautiful raging river; my cock became huge and hot like a burning trunk. My massive member eager to plunge into the rushing waters, my body rushing headlong. Plunging deep, panting for relief from the fire of my loins, too huge to contain, the river rushed to gaping falls…my urging trunk plunging me down… my voice groaned loud through my lungs into the vast green forests. My mind realized this groan was voiced aloud, that I had fallen asleep, that I lay on this bed, and that the enveloping waters sucking my trunk into the yawning whirlpool was Trish’s mouth on my cock that brought me awake.

She watched Andrew turn and leave the bathroom, his muscular form, his ass, his thighs, walking out the door as her body sighed. David looked at her hard as she finally took her eyes off the door though which he left. She made no apologies for her lust. She knew he saw how her hips ground and pushed back as Andrew withdrew. David turned off the water, leaving her dripping there. He had taken another towel for her to be wrapped in, his eyes demanded that she step forward. Some part of her resented his show of control, and some part of her became very excited. She knew much of her uninhibited lust came from Andrew’s incredible body, her surrender to a stranger, a sensuous, sexual, passionate stranger with a delicious, beautiful form and incredible cock, but she knew also that much of her incendiary lust came from David’s part in this, his manipulation, his power, her rebelliousness, and the unspoken love behind this, his allowing her to have another to fuel her lust, and his denials that only made her more hungry. She was a slut, sure, but a powerful slut!

David wrapped the towel around her head, wiped her hair, then down her shoulders, her body, taking all the dripping water off her skin down her legs down her ankle as she stood and let him towel her off.

“Put your hands on the sink and straddle your legs.”

She did as his commanding voice had told her to do. She knew what was to come, but not when, which made each moment long in anticipation. She jumped and screeched when the towel snapped against her ass.

“Have you been a bad whore?”

“Yes” she hissed softly.

SNAP! As the wet towel smacked again on her stinging cheeks. She screamed again at the feeling, gripped the porcelain sink harder. She wanted to tell David to stop, but she thought of Andrew laying naked on the bed. She needed to have him again. She almost just wanted to run out and see his body, attack it. She wondered what he thought hearing her in here. Soft fingers ran over her burning ass, the needle-prick tingles were smoothed over by the gentle fingers as she closed her eyes and tried to feel in her mind again the long velvet shaft of Andrew sliding deep in her pussy. She felt the wetness grow in her crotch as the fingers slid over her cheeks, to the top of her ass crack, sliding down the center and touching her little hole.

“Do you like how that feels, my little slut?” as David’s finger rimmed it softly.

She just groaned and moved her hips back, softly. The groan grew a bit louder as his fingertip entered.

“You’ve never let me take that,” David said as the finger worked in a little more, “Perhaps tonight…”

She stiffened and tightened her ass around his finger at his words. Never had she let a man enter her there. Just thinking of how painful it might be tightened her. Then she felt a slap against her ass. She whimpered.

“I let you be a slut, bitch. Least you can give me is that hot little ass.”

His finger was still inside her ass and he wiggled it softly, trying to loosen her. She felt him move closer, run the head of his cock against her pussy. She began to groan as it slid into her wetness, and she opened as he slid his finger in farther.

“You said you wanted two men, you slut. Don’t’ you want this to be Andrew’s cock again?” he asked as he thrust his cock deep in her pussy.

She groaned louder.

“And you will be so deep in ecstasy, you will just adore my cock sliding in here,” he said as he worked his finger farther into her ass.

She pushed her ass out farther as he worked his cock and his finger slowly back and forth. She was groaning and he was being excruciatingly slow. Then both slid out, and she stood there, feeling naked and empty in the chilling porcelain bathroom. She saw David looking out into the room. Then he turned.

“He’s passed out.”

Trish giggled a bit and he looked at her and took her hand, pressed her close.

“I want to fuck that ass, baby, and I want you to enjoy two cocks, two men fucking you at once.”

Trish pulled close to David, kissed him long and passionately. They broke the kiss and he looked at her.

“Wake him like a slut.”

Trish slid her hand down David’s chest, down his abs, gripped his cock and pumped it a few times.

“Keep this hard, baby.”

She climbed on the bed, softly straddled his sleeping body, her hands on either side of his hips, her hair gently brushing his crotch as a soft sigh left his lips. She looked down at his flaccid cock, smiled, and brought her head down. She took a few gentle licks along its length, letting her tongue lift it, brought her tongue under and slipped the head into her mouth. She remembered in times past how she would sometimes awaken David this way, softly sucking on the head, then slipping more of his cock in her mouth as he hardened. She had forgotten what it felt like to get a man hard this way. His legs began to move, his knees bending as her mouth engulfed more of his growing cock. It was time now to work fast as he would awaken and she wanted him to be hard and down her throat when he realized that whatever dream he was having would be a waking fantasy.

Andrew groaned, his cock now massive again and bending down the back of her throat. She felt his hand slide through her hair, then a jolt in his fingers, his legs as she knew he had just waken up and realized. She looked up in time to see his eyes open and sucked hard, then stopped. She didn’t want him cumming yet. She slid her mouth back and wrapped her hand around his base as she slipped out the head, licked lovingly around it. A kiss she gave at its tip as she moved up his body, dragging her hair over his skin and keeping her grip at the base of his cock. Andrew was still in a daze of ecstasy as her lips met his and she straddled his hips. She let his head brush her pussy as she slid it back and forth. Andrew ran his nails over her back as she moved her hips down, pushing his head, wet with precum, inside her again. She sighed a deep sigh of satisfaction as she felt every inch of his manflesh slide deep into her. Settling deep inside her, she slid her body down, pressing her hard nipples against the hair on his chest. With long deep movements she thrust his cock into her, let it slide gently out, and thrust it in again, feeling full and content with his cock deep inside her. She buried his face in kisses, partially because how incredibly passionate she felt, but partially for him not to see David, whom she knew was walking up to them as they fucked deeply and slowly. It was the bed dipping down more that she felt first, then David’s hands on her hips as she worked them up and down on Andrew’s cock. David’s hands were insistent, lifting her off Andrew’s cock. Again that feeling of emptiness; she whimpered in Andrew’s ear.

“Quiet, slut, you’ll get that cock back. I just need you to lube mine for your ass, you whore. You’ll get all you need with both these cocks,” with that, he thrust his cock deep in Trish’s pussy as she groaned in Andrew’s ear.

Trish’s breath was deep and hot in my ear as I felt David thrust forward. I wasn’t even thinking of him anymore until I felt Trish moving up farther on my cock. I couldn’t take feeling myself slip out of her at this point. I reached my hands up to thrust her back down, but I encountered David’s hands on her hips. Waking from that dream with Trish sucking my cock hard was almost as if I had not awakened at all. I was brought into a world that had only she and I. Her lips sliding up my shaft, her hand curling around it, her hair trailing up my body, her tongue slipping in my mouth, her pussy slipping over and engulfing my cock… we were in a world of ecstasy, of slow, sensuous love. I had closed my eyes, felt her mouth on mine, felt her move her lips to my ears so I could hear each soft groan as she thrust down on my cock. Touching David’s hands brought me out of it. My cock was straining to find her pussy again, and brushed against David’s balls as he pumped his cock into her. I had never felt another man’s balls, let alone with my own cock, and it went a little soft at realizing this. Warm drops of cum dripped down my groin as David thrust back and forth. He didn’t stay long inside her; I soon felt his cock drop, the slickened head sliding over my length. Then, it was Trish’s fingers wrapping around my softening shaft. She knew now how to work it, how to grab the base, massage it so my cock went to instant attention. Quickly, she slipped it back in her soaked pussy; I felt myself go deep inside that honey hole, felt her inner muscles pull me in deep.

Then a deep groan and squeal as her mouth widened at my ear and the sound came from deep down her throat. Her pussy muscles went tight around my shaft, squeezing as I felt her body pushed slightly forward. Then, another feeling, a pressure against my shaft inside her. I felt this impression a few minutes before: the head of David’s cock. It was working its way inside Trish’s ass. Her hands were on my shoulders and her nails dug into my skin as I felt David’s cock pressing and moving farther in on the other side. I deep squeal issued from Trish’s mouth, almost a thing of its own. When David had reached all the way in, Trish’s pussy muscles opened and she let out a long deep breathy moan.

Two hot shafts filled her whole insides below. She felt as if she could just explode with a squeeze of her pussy muscles. When David began entering her, she wasn’t sure if she could take it. Though his cock’s head dripped with her cum, and he had rimmed her tiny hole slick, she tensed as he forced in. She held on to Andrew as David’s cock worked in slowly but determinedly. She felt her ass opened but could not release herself to it. David’s cock never felt so huge, and she couldn’t figure out how long it would take to work all the way in. Andrew’s head was deeper and she felt the squeeze of the two cocks against each other. She felt out of time with each moment of thrust and pain as David’s cock worked farther and farther in. Finally, she felt his balls rest on the flesh of her ass cheeks. She realized how hard she was gripping Andrew’s shoulder, how tightly her pussy held onto his cock. Now, she finally released all tension in her body. She was filled as never before. She stayed like this for moments, feeling on the very brink of orgasm until it drew back. 

Then, she began to move. A soft grind and buck back and forth, feeling the two cocks slide in and out alternately, back and forth, against each other and into and out of her. Each man found the rhythm and worked to heighten it. As Andrew’s cock thrust in, it strained to push deeper in her pussy; as his withdrew and David’s went deeper inside, he pushed forward with his hips and worked it in harder. Trish’s breasts slid back and forth across the soft hair of Andrew’s chest, her nipples hard and sending electric thrills through her. David ran his fingers down and up her spine, grabbing her hips as he thrust in, sliding up her spine as he withdrew. She was total animal lust now, her body writhing and bucking at the sensation of these two men, their bodies penetrating her in every way. She screamed a deep, gaping scream as she felt wave after wave rise; she felt the two cocks thicken and engorge themselves with cum.

“Cum!!! Fucking Cum!!!” she barked out as her body convulsed in orgasm.

Trish was wild now. I felt her vaginal muscles squeeze and milk my cock. Her nipples raked over my chest and her hair brushed me softly, though quickly. She sounded totally lost in passion as she twisted onto my cock, ground hard on it and moved so that David’s cock slid along mine, thrust in as mine drew out. Her back arched as her pussy squeezed tighter and. I breathed hard to hold back, wanting to wait for her word. When she demanded our cum, it was raw, animalistic. Her back arched, her tummy pressing to mine; her pussy opened and gushed heat over my cock. I raised my hips; David pressed forward and liquid heat pumped through everywhere. I felt myself cum as never before, yet I wasn’t sure if it was also Trish’s, and David’s. All was a pulsing, volcanic eruption that felt like minutes of release. When it finally ended, Trish’s body collapsed on top of me. My cock rested inside her, though I felt David slipping out, then his body as he rolled onto the bed, flat on his back. Trish nuzzled her head under my neck, on my chest as I felt warm run softly down my balls.
