 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

Preface

This was one of my longer efforts, so I am breaking it up into 3 parts. This is the first part. 

Despite everyone's best efforts this trip was a disaster from the beginning.

---------

Dramatis Personae

James 

James is he narrator of this drama and your guide through the debaucheries within. James is built like a Greek God ... in my dreams. In reality, I am in my mid-thirties, about 6 feet tall with a little too much around the middle and a little thinning on top. Overall, I'm not bad for someone of my age. I work in the IT department of what I will call The Very Large Corporation. 

Heather

Heather is James' wife. If I am a Greek God, Heather is a modern recreation of Aphrodite. At least I see her that way. She is also in her mid-thirties and a lot more curves that she had when we married but with a 36-26-37 figure (36C sometimes D cup), shaved pussy and long blond hair. Heather is still my go to wet dream.

Lauren

Lauren is one of my co-workers at The Very Large Corporation. She is 32 years old, a petite 5 foot 4, with relatively long dark brown hair and she loves working out to keep her figure. Her measurements are 32-25-33. As she likes to say "I keep trying to get that one last inch off my ass so or add an inch so that my bust and my butt match, but I can't seem to do it. My bra size is 32A so I am not blessed with big tits, but what they lack in size they make up for in sensitivity." If Lauren is in the right mood, she can orgasm from having the right person play with her breasts.

Rick

Rick is Lauren's husband. They were both virgins and popped each other's cherries on their wedding night. He is 37 years old. About 5'10" tall, handsome and very athletically built, like a golfer or tennis player rather than a football player. Rick was a sales manager for a large well known brick and mortar retailer until recently. According to Heather, his cock is not as long or as thick but the head swells up inside her and the friction that causes is most delightful.

Sissy

Sissy is the daughter/granddaughter of one of James' business partners. She won most of the beauty pageants in the surrounding area near her home, but was now living with James and Heather as she pursued a business degree near their home. Sissy is tall, blonde and slender and has "legs that go on forever" as well as perfect 36C breasts that seem larger because of her slender frame. 

Francesca

Francesca is the hostess of The Club, an invitation only sex club in the south Florida area. Francesca does not often play with the patrons, but when she does, they are in for a treat. Her 5 foot 10 inch frame is slender but curvaceous, with 38D breasts that barely sag and nipples that stand out a good inch when her partner is pleasing her right. Her beautiful face is even more striking when it is framed by her long dark brown hair.

Ferdinand

Ferdinand is a member of the cruise ship's crew. He never said what he did on the ship, but he was always available for the girls and was always happy to please with his massive tool.

 

Chapter 1 - The Morning After

This whole vacation started at the end of last summer when Lauren and Rick came over to our house for a pool party. Rick and I had just finished fucking Lauren in both her holes at the same time when Sissy arrived with news about her acceptance to the university nearby. After adding her to our games and fucking, sucking and coupling in many and varied ways, we all passed out and slept until noon. Lauren recounted most of this in her story 'The Pool Party'.

Picking up the tale from there, Heather and I woke up first and after a quick shower and fuck, we started breakfast for the crew. The aroma of fresh brewed coffee stirred life into our zombified guests and one by one they came into the kitchen for a cup of the nectar of the morning gods. After they were huddled in our kitchen with at least one eye open, we got their attention and sent them off to the showers to clean off the residue of last night's orgy.

I had the bacon cooking in the microwave while Heather cooked some scrambled eggs in a cast iron skillet. The table was set up buffet style with juice, a big pot of coffee, toast and muffins and all the trimmings. Seeing that we were in good shape, I snuck up behind Heather and slid my hands under the apron she had put on to cover her nakedness while cooking. 

My fingers slid up her sides and found her breasts, cupped them and then lightly pinched her nipples. In response, she giggled and pushed her butt back until she found my erect penis. Still stirring the eggs with one the spatula in one hand, she reached her other hand back and guided my cock into her warm wet pussy. It was delicious and so was her neck after I swept her long hair out of the way.

Before we could get too serious, Sissy's voice called out from the kitchen door, "I hope you didn't let him stir the eggs with that tool."

Without missing a beat Heather replied, "No, but I did have him stir the juice with it. It was cold, so I was just warming it up."

At that the three of us erupted with laughter and my cock got squirted out of Heather like a watermelon seed between two fingers. 

"Here you finish the eggs, I'll clean up the mess I made," said Sissy. 

She walked over dropping her towel and quickly sucking all of my cock into her mouth and into her throat. I could feel her tongue licking my balls. 

"Mmmmm," she hummed and I lost it, shooting a smaller than normal load of jizz down her throat choking her momentarily. As she sat coughing, Lauren ran up to her and hugging her asked if she was alright. Sissy nodded and after a couple weaker coughs finally was able to speak. 

"I'm fine," she gasped. "I wasn't expecting James to shoot his wad so fast, especially after the performance last night. It surprised me, is all."

"If you are done trying to choke our guests, James, please get the bacon out and let's get people started eating," said Heather as she scraped the eggs into a big bowl.

I helped Sissy to her feet and gave her a hug by way of apology. Meanwhile, Rick had arrived and made himself useful by getting the bacon out of the microwave and putting it on a plate with the rest. 

As I looked around at us, we made an interesting fashion statement. Sissy and I were both naked, Heather was dressed only in her "Fuck the Chef" apron and Lauren and Rick were both dressed in shorts and t-shirts. I started to laugh and Lauren must have come to the same conclusion because she peeled off her t-shirt and slid off her shorts joining the naked crew. Heather took off her apron and looked at Rick and raised an eyebrow.

"Aw what the hell," Rick said as he pulled the t-shirt over his head, kicked his sandals off and dropped his shorts exposing his erection.

"This one is mine," Heather said diving for Rick's exposed member. 

Breakfast forgotten, Lauren walked over to me grabbed my dick in her soft hand and started to jack me off. Sissy came over and snuggled up to me slowly and wetly kissing me. My cock responded and was quickly hard once again. Who wouldn't be? I'm watching my wife sucking on Rick's cock. While his wife jacks me off and then begins sucking on my cock. A naked blonde goddess is pressed up against me playing tongue hockey while I fondle her amazing tits and I'm stroking my hand all over her gorgeous ass before sliding two fingers into her pussy my thumb into her ass. Life is good.

I feel Lauren's fingers start to play with Sissy's clit before she slides a finger to join mine. Sissy is moaning now. Rick is moaning and his eyes are rolling into the back of his head. I think I may be moaning. In the reflection off the refrigerator I can see Lauren's hand moving like a blur as she alternates frigging her clit and shoving her fingers into her cunt. Now Heather is starting to moan and I can see she has just the head of Rick's cock in her mouth as she grasps the shaft with her hand and strokes it rapidly while matching Lauren for intensity of pussy rubbing. 

Sissy starts to come first. She grabs my head and mashes our lips together. I keep stroking my fingers and thumb in and out of her as fast as I can while Lauren rubs her clit. Then Lauren stiffened and started to shake and screamed on my cock. I started to come, shooting my white seed onto her face and dripping onto her perfect tiny breasts. Rick later said that he was watching and the sight of my sperm splashing over his wife's face pushed him over the edge and he began cumming all over my wife's tits and face. 

Heather was oblivious to the cum gushing onto her as she began to shake in her own orgasm. Her one hand buried in her pussy and the other rubbing Rick's cum over her nipples while pinching them. 

Gradually, the orgasm haze started to dim and we all began to breathe again. 

"Oh My," said Lauren as she wiped the cum from her eyes and licked it off her fingers. 

"I second that," said Sissy as she sat down on the floor helping herself to the globs of cum Lauren missed. 

Rick leaned back and all but fell into a chair, his cock rapidly deflating but still drooling a little. Heather looked smug like the cat that got the canary as she licked her fingers and searched out any of Rick's man juice she had missed. 

I would love to say that I was unaffected and loudly called out, "Let's eat Losers", but instead, I half walked, half fell over to the sink and ran some warm water and got some hand towels out and soaked them down and threw them out to the troops, reserving one for myself. My aim was pretty good. I hit 3 out of 4 with a wet towel. Lauren had to reach over to get hers. 

As we each washed up, all I could think was, "After all the sexy things we have done with each other this weekend, that was by far the most amazing thing yet!" 

And then I realized that was with my out loud voice.

 

Chapter 2 - Everything Goes Better with Butter

Heather was the first to recover and said, "I agree. But if we don't get something to eat soon, we are going to die. So everybody grab a plate and dig in. AND NO TOUCHING or we will never finish breakfast."

Everybody groaned agreement and we all filled up our plates and started to eat. Not that we didn't do some touching, just because.

After breakfast, Lauren started the planning by asking, "So when are we going on one of your amazing cruises?"

I said, "We don't have one planned yet, but if you guys want to clear a spot on the table, I'll go get my laptop and we can go see what is available." 

Before I left the room, they had all jumped up and were scurrying around cleaning up the remnants of breakfast that hadn't been devoured. By the time I got back, the table was spotless and the Sissy was bending over putting the last of the dishes in the dishwasher while having her pussy devoured by Rick. 

Ignoring them, I set the laptop on the table and powered it up. By the time it was ready, everyone was seated around my chair, except for Sissy who was leaning over the back of my chair and Rick who was plunging his dick into Sissy. And Lauren, who was leaning under Sissy and sucking on her tits. And Heather who had her head in my lap sucking my dick. Ok, by the time the computer was ready to go, we were all fucking and sucking again.

Lauren continued down until she was sucking on Sissy's clit and licking Rick's balls. I stood up and put Heather on the kitchen table so her head hung over the edge and her pussy faced Sissy. Sissy got the hint and carefully moved her threesome forward a foot so she could eat Heather's pussy while I moved around the table and slid my cock into Heather's mouth. With Heather on her back on the table and her head leaning off the edge, it was a perfect shot for my cock to go down her throat. I took my time getting there sliding my cock back and forth on her tongue until I could feel the head of my cock slide into her throat and she swallowed. 

It didn't take long for Heather's first orgasm. Sissy knows just how to lick her pussy lips and clit to get the most out of her. I pulled out of Heather's mouth to let her enjoy it and went around to Lauren. Rick was slamming Sissy pretty good, so I pulled Lauren up and walked her over to the table and bent her over next to Heather. She immediately began to feast on Heather's tits and I grabbed the butter. 

Movie fans know what came next. I slid my cock into Laurens hot wet pussy for a moment while I held the butter in my hand until it started to soften. Dripping some of the butter on her ass, I slowly inserted a butter coated finger into her brown rosebud and began to swirl it. Sissy's back and forth motion had stopped and I thought Rick had come, but he was just staring at what I was doing to his wife's asshole. 

So I inserted a second butter coated finger and then a third and Lauren started bucking back onto my fingers moaning ,"Oh yessss. Play with my ass. I want another finger you bastard. Fuck my ass with your fingers." 

I complied and added another butter-coated finger and continued moving them in and out of her ass. 

"Oh my gawddd! I am coming. Keep fucking my ass! Don't stop! Don't stop! Keep fucking my ass!" Lauren cried.

Sissy started to lurch forward again as Rick began fucking her again, but his eyes never left the butter greased spectacle that was his wife's sphincter. 

Finally Lauren screamed out, "Stop teasing me you prick! I want your cock in my ass. Fuck me until you cum in my bowels."

And she added other admonitions to get my cock out of her pussy and into her ass.

Slowly I pulled my cock out of her pussy. It was pretty well lubricated, but I wiped some butter on it anyway as I traded my cock for my fingers. It only took the slightest pressure for my cock to penetrate her sphincter and when it did, she humped herself back and took my cock in a single stroke. Before I knew it, I was balls deep into Lauren. 

I closed my eyes for a second to savor the sensations and when I opened them, I saw Sissy handing the butter plate back to Rick. Knowing what was going to happen to Sissy's ass started me slamming Lauren's ass. I pulled all the way out leaving her asshole puckering for just a second and then slid my cock all the way in to my balls in one stroke and then slowly I pulled all the way out again, teasing her ass for the full length of my cock. Over and over again I slammed my cock deep into her ass and then slowly pulled out leaving her ass gaping. From the looks on Sissy's face I could tell Rick was following my lead. 

Sissy was no longer eating Heather, but it didn't matter. Heather had her middle fingers of one hand jammed into her snatch and the heel of that hand rubbing her clit. The other hand was around the other side with those other middle fingers jammed up her ass sliding in and out. I think Heather started the climax party by moaning and saying that she was coming. 

Then Lauren screamed at me to, "Fuck your cock up into me until you come out of my mouth." 

I could feel what felt like her whole hand was up her pussy trying to wrap her fingers around my cock to jack it off. That image set me off and I came, probably shooting dust at this point. 

Rick came about that time and Sissy finally screamed and sat up trapping Rick's cock in her ass. From the look on his face, Rick was cumming deep in Sissy's ass and she was cumming with most of her hand jammed up her pussy. 

Heather had just been coming continuously for the last few minutes and she finally arched her back and let go a low animal growling. As we each sat coming back from the little death. I leaned down and started to lick the butter off of Lauren's ass when Rick nudged me aside and slid his cock into her ass. It was obvious that he was getting softer, but I think he just wanted to finish the afterglow deep in the bowels of his wife. That didn't sound like such a bad thing, so I moved over and slid Heather to the end of the table, pulled the fingers out of her ass and replaced them with my cock and held her as my cock squeezed its way inside.

Sissy brought us down as she called over her shoulder, "I'll leave the water running for you love birds" as she headed for the guest room shower. 

Heather and I headed for the master bathroom shower a minute or two later, leaving Rick and Lauren cuddling in the after-glow.

 

Chapter 3 - Plans, We Don't Need No Stinking Plans

Trying once again, we reconvened at the kitchen table. I brought up my favorite travel site and we set a date, three months out. After some wrangling we came up with an itinerary, a ship and a date. All that was left was to execute. 

Calling our travel agent, we booked two adjoining balcony cabins. 

One cabin was for Rick and Lauren and the other cabin for Heather, Sissy and I. I kept a running commentary going while talking with the agent so everybody knew what was going on. 

Although I did my best to stretch the truth a bit. While the agent went to get some paperwork I said, "Oh really. Bunk beds, I see. I'll pass that along to the young lady who will be travelling with us."

Looking over I could see Sissy had a puzzled look on her face. I put my hand over the mouthpiece of the phone and explained, "He said that for this class of cabin, they can sleep up to 4, but everybody has to sleep in bunk beds that are hung on the wall." 

Sissy bit on the scam and called out, "I call top bunk." 

Heather was about to say something but I waved her down so Sissy couldn't see it. Sissy was dancing around singing, "I get the top bunk" over and over again just like a little kid. Watching her tits bounce up and down while she was dancing gave me a crink in my neck.

Just then the travel agent came back on and I started writing down the prices. I passed the phone over to Rick and a minute later he pulled out a credit card and gave the number over the phone. When he was done, he passed the phone over and I did the same. A few minutes later, I heard a familiar ping and the icon of a letter appeared on the task bar. It was the confirmation and the instructions for registering with the cruise line. We were booked.

Sissy tried to get me up to dance with her, but when I stood up I sat right back down. My balls were aching. Rick tried but he waddled back over bowlegged a minute later. 

The other two girls just giggled and went to dance with Sissy. "Ball-less wonders," Rick groused as he tried to smile through the pain. I went and got us some aspirin and a pack of frozen peas for each of us. 

Didn't eat the peas, but they did feel good.

 

Chapter 4 - Best Laid Plans

Four weeks later, it all started to fall apart. Sissy had started the semester at the university two weeks earlier and she came home crying. I wasn't there, but Heather was and she said Sissy was a mess. She couldn't put two coherent sentences together, so Heather told her to go take a nap and that we would talk when I got home. It wasn't a great answer but it was the best she could do at the time.
