 Trish couldn’t help it, she had to have Andrew’s cock again. Feeling it huge inside her was completeness. The bulb of his head sliding deep in her, thrusting past each vaginal muscle made her groan. She watched David’s eyes as she rode Andrew’s hard cock, felt his hands grasp her hips. Her mouth simply gaped with each thrust. David stood on the bed, walked over and planted his feet on either side of Andrew’s head, his flaccid cock before Trish’s eyes. Trish was content with Andrew’s cock pistoning in and out of her, had her on a plateau of pleasure, his head reaching deep inside, his shaft opening and filling her whole pussy, but this was her husband. She bent forward as he braced her shoulders and took the hanging flesh in her mouth… she sucked long and deep, her mind concentrating on Andrew’s cock. She loved this fuck since Andrew had already cum several times, he would stay hard as she rode him deep. She must have sucked hard on David’s cock, because it was growing stiff in her mouth. David clenched his fingers on her shoulders hard as she scraped her teeth across his cock, while she bucked her hips furiously, while she ground her pussy hard on Andrew’s cock. When she felt Andrew’s lips, then his teeth against her nipple, she squealed deep in her cock filled throat.

I couldn’t believe how wild Trish was with my cock. There was deeply suppressed passion in this woman that was now unleashed. Even if I wanted to be polite and not possibly hurt David’s feelings, Trish wouldn’t have given up fucking me now. There was a determination in each thrust down on my shaft, each defying look at David, and I didn’t know what she was going to do. I had cum so much that I didn’t know what I had left now, but the feeling of Trish’s inner muscles wet and warm sliding over my cock could not be resisted. David looked on, then stood on the bed. He walked over and put his feet on either side of my head; I wasn’t sure what he was going to do. I concentrated on Trish’s breasts rocking back and forth, the feeling of her pussy sliding over my cock until I heard her suck his cock deep in her mouth. He moaned as I watched her mouth pump in his cock, make it hard. This got me only harder as Trish also fucked even more furiously. Not wanting to continue looking at David’s hanging balls and Trish’s pumping chin, I focused on her breasts, looking at her swollen areola. I pulled up and slipped it into my mouth, hearing her moan softly, then raked it through my teeth as I heard the squeal from deep in her throat, felt her vaginal muscles squeeze harder. I sucked her nipple into my mouth, let it out, sucked it in deep between my teeth again. She raised up her torso and buried my cock in farther, lifted her hand as I felt her grab David’s cock, heard the slurp as she took it out of her mouth and began pumping it, groaning as I kept nibbling her nipple. Her thrusts were wilder and wilder as I slammed up against her. David was now groaning deep. I felt him bending and knew he would soon cum.

“Put it BACK in your mouth and suck all my cum, bitch!”

The sound of her mouth slurping, the feel of her pussy grinding in circles as I sucked deeply on her nipple. I felt her chest contract as David screamed and pumped his cum down her throat. She was still as my cock stayed deep inside her, as she finished off David. Finally he pulled back and sat down on the bed. Trish pushed her hands to my chest and kept grinding slowly, keeping me hard and enjoying every in of my cock.

“You love that huge cock in your cunt, don’t you, slut?”

She just groaned and continued to grind.

“And how would it feel in your sweet little ass.”

Trish stopped, and clenched around my cock, just shuddering.

She certainly had a cock thrusting into her ass, David’s, in fact just this last night. But David had an average size member, and even that stretched her to little fires of pain, which were drowned by Andrew’s lovely large cock thrusting in her pussy. Her vaginal muscles stopped and clenched around Andrew’s pole, felt its length and thickness. This was fine; it filled her enough, but David was already taking her hips and lifting her off Andrew’s cock. She felt every inch that slipped out and imagined what it would feel like entering her tiny hole. She looked down as Andrew’s massive head slid out of her pussy and slapped down onto his thigh. She knew Andrew was looking at her face as David, holding her hips, made her climb off Andrew and on her hands and knees on his side of the bed. His hands were spreading her cheeks, then slipping down to her labia, fingers dipping into her, then running up her crack and over her hole.

“We want you as ready as you can be for him, don’t we, little slut?”

Trish’s breathing was steady and deep as David’s fingers rimmed her, slipped a bit in, which made her hiss as the image of Andrew’s cock filled her head.

“David… I.. uhhh, is this a good idea? I think she is really scared.” Andrew’s voice said softly.

“Come on, don’t you want every part of this sweet slut? Maybe your only chance..” then a slap to Trish’s ass… “Come on, bitch, tell him how you want that cock deep in that hole!”

“Uhhh, yesss,” she groaned out.

“Ohh, man,” David said with sarcasm, “it isn’t goin in like that. Slut, take care of him, get him ready for that tight hole!”

Trish looked over to see that Andrew had gone flaccid. She slid over and slipped the head of his cock deep in her mouth, running her tongue all over it. She looked up to see Andrew’s face clouded with doubt. She let his growing head slip out of her mouth, licked around its circumference and smiled at him, mouthing, “Please…” She watched his cock grow even stiffer as she licked around it, slid her hand down to her crotch, whetted it with her juices and brought her hand back up, to run her fingers lovingly over his length.

“What a good slut you are!” David said, pinching her nipple hard… “Now,” he hissed, “take that cock.”

She kissed the head of Andrew’s cock as he began to move, going around behind her. She spread her legs wider, braced her elbows on a pillow and resting her head over the edge of it. Andrew worked slowly, first sliding the length of his shaft through the crevice. She felt its shape, the bulge at the base, the helmet curve of the head. The shaft moved out and the head slid along the hole, keeping contact then slowly exerting pressure. Her fingers dug into the pillow, she felt the tautness of her areola flushing with blood at the sting of the tips of her nipples against the sheet. Andrew’s head pressed slowly but steadily, and she felt a sharpening pain along her hole that made her hiss. Andrew stopped, his head not even fully penetrated.

“Hey, you WANTED this, bitch! Take it!” David’s voice was vicious.

She felt Andrew begin to back off, but she reached back and grabbed the base of his shaft, holding him there. She realized also that she had tightened up. With a deep sigh, she relaxed her body, then tugged at Andrew’s shaft. The pain was still there, but she felt her hole open.. open wider than ever David’s cock had opened her. She gaped her mouth as the bulbous head spread down to the bottom of the helmet, then felt her hole settle around the top of his shaft. With her hand still on the base, she signaled him when to pause, when to move on. Sharp opening pain and the feeling of being filled, pressed deeper made her oblivious to all but these feelings. Her body was like a hollow rod, filled with the great depth of his cock. Her mouth could only manage a bestial moan as he slowly thrust forward. She could barely close her lips over David’s limp cock as he placed it in her mouth, his hands gripping her face over her ears.

I kept looking for a way to back out of this. I could see David’s increasing fury in the situation. Jealousy, maybe, that Trish was more and more voracious for my cock. When he suggested my fucking her ass, I thought perhaps I could find an out. Trish seemed scared, but she pressed on. Her mouthed word please told me she wanted to try, and I tried as gently as I could, but I could see the pain when my head penetrated, and David’s command made my decision to pull out… Then Trish grabbed my cock, stopped me, she had something to prove, and I had to do it, had to push forward. I felt the opening tight around my shaft, felt the resistance, but then a deep sigh in her body as they relaxed, and she pushed me in deeper. I took her lead, when to push, when to hold back. Slowly my cock made it in deeper than I thought it would. She let go with her hand and writhed slowly, backing even further onto my cock. David had moved around in front of her. He no longer looked at me and smiled; he merely determinedly grabbed her head, I could see as she turned slightly that her eyes were closed, her mouth agape. He took her face and slipped his cock in her mouth. He thrust her face back and forth, looking like he needed her to make him hard again. The rocking moved my cock gently back and forth inside her ass. She moaned and squealed at this movement. David was pushing himself into her, making her rock harder and my cock thrust in and out harder. I could see that my cock was stretching her too much and she was crying, so I began to move with her to keep my cock from thrusting faster. David shot me a look.

“Fuck her!” He screamed, “Fuck the slut hard in that tight ass! If she loves that big cock of yours, let her feel it full force.”

Trish suddenly rocked back hard, and on her knees, slamming my cock in to the base with a deep squeal of a cry, but also grabbing David’s cock in her hand. It was still limp.

“Big man, huh? Big MAN?? This cock is DEEP in my ass now, filling in like you NEVER could! C’mon, get this thing UP!”

She thrust it in her mouth and began sucking it hard, holding a hand to his balls and lightly squeezing. David moved a hand back to slap her, but he gasped, and I am sure that Trish squeezed his balls tighter. I heard the slurp as she sucked on his cock, and she rocked back on my cock, fucking it now with a steady hard rhythm, she reached back for my hand, guided it to her pussy. I spread my fingers over her clit and labia and rubbed, knowing she needed the pleasure to even out the pain of my cock splitting her ass.

The feel of the full flesh of Andrew’s cock deep in her ass, opening it beyond ever she thought it could overwhelmed all her senses. Her legs quivered and tingled. For that reason itself, she may have rocked back on Andrew’s cock, but David’s pathetic demeaning just spurred her to show him what she could take. She could tell that he found this somewhat exciting as his cock grew in her mouth. Fine, she was a slut, but she wasn’t going to take a dog’s abuse. She squeezed his nuts together when he drew back to slap her. Now he conformed to her, had to watch her drive herself on Andrew’s cock, take his hand and guide it to her pussy. She lifted a bit so he could see Andrew’s hand as it worked at her pussy. The beautiful buzz of his expert hand gave her greater passion, let her thrust back harder on that huge cock in her ass. Her whole groin area was aflame. She sucked deeply on David’s cock as she writhed and pumped like a beast, felt like simply a fleshly beast. Any subtlety in her was gone. She pushed against David’s stomach, squeezed his balls and sent him down to the bed. She rose up again on her knees, tossed her head back and in a deep guttural bark of a voice demanded to Andrew.

“Fuck it! Fuck my ass until you unload your hot cum deep inside it! Do it!”

She felt Andrew’s cock slowly thrust in and out of her ass, his fingers sliding in and out of her pussy. She lifted her mouth off of David’s cock, and barked again:

“Faster!!! Fuck it HARD!”

Andrew began pumping harder, she felt the sweet pain as it ripped her apart over and over. She sucked on David’s flesh as she felt him get harder, releasing from his balls. He had given up resistance, now she just needed Andrew’s cum to pump her ass full. As she felt it bulge and coil, ready to spring, she thrust her ass harder against him, felt him get lost in fucking her, his hands grabbing her hips and thrusting her whole body onto his tremendous cock. She knows that he has cum so much in this past 24 hours that she will need to pound him to work out his cum. Finally, as the world becomes blinding stars, she feels the cock brace to explode. Her ass is a wide burning ring when finally his hot seed floods her inside. She hears David whimper as she realizes she is clamping down on his cock with her mouth. She lifts and screams as her insides are filled with Andrew’s heat. He pumps for what feels like forever. She is one long silent moan as the sensation blows her away. Then she feels David’s hard cock trying to slip itself in her mouth.

“No,” she says, reeling back, she sits back on her calves, slipping one then the other leg out, but leaving Andrew’s cock in her ass, which isn’t difficult since she knows it will take great effort to pull it out, even when it gets soft. She leans back against Andrew’s body…

“Lick my cunt, Bastard!”

David complies, sliding forward and down to her pussy. She watches as he tries to ignore Andrew’s cock deep in her ass, but he cannot possibly do it. She grabs his hair.

“Harder, you fuck! Get that tongue deep in my pussy. Make it cum, so you can drink it, lick it clean!”

David was thrusting his tongue in her, stopping only to catch a breath, but not long, as Trish thrust his face back onto her.

“Work my clit, c’mon.. Get me to CUM!”

She felt David’s tongue flicking over her clit. She moved her leg over his back, pushed him down. His chin must have hit Andrew’s balls, because Andrew then jumped. She slid a hand back to Andrew, took his head and turned hers to kiss him deeply. She broke the kiss and said breathlessly, looking at Andrew: “ohhhh, God, I am going to cum!”

She slapped David, “Faster, faster… Get my CUM!”

David licked harder, making her begin to shudder. Andrew’s cock was still incredibly hard. She looked through veiled lids into his eyes, then kissed him deeply as her whole body convulsed. Wave after wave of orgasm shot through her, she was almost out of her body, but blindingly in it as it seemed her whole body flew apart in ecstasy. The tremendous cock deep in her ass, the tongue flicking then mouth sucking on her pussy. She just felt her body collapse after hours of star-filled flight. She felt arms fold her in, spoon her to warm man-flesh, felt herself drift away with a huge cock still buried in her ass.