 Death by chocolate. Straight from the carton. Ice cream scoop, no spoon. Lots and lots of whipped cream. Amber walked from the freezer with her ice cream. Settling into her papasan chair as she took her first bite, savoring the creamy sinfulness of her Valentines Day treat. As she slid the scoop into the ice cream again, she felt the warm tears sliding slowly down her cheeks. "This isn't how this day was supposed to be," she thought as she set the ice cream down, "I should be doing my hair, and getting ready to wear that slinky red dress Mark loves so much." Instead he had been caught with is dick in the blondes mouth, and now she was home wearing her terry cloth bathrobe and eating ice cream. The tears came fast and hard. She thought she had shed her last tear over him, but apparently Valentines Day found a few more she had yet to spill. 

Just a week earlier Mark had called her to see if she would be okay with him spending the night with "the guys". They were planning to go to Louie's Wings-N-Things and watch the basketball game, and then head back to Vic's place to play cards. Their card games had a tendency to go until dawn. She never minded this because Mark was good at poker, and usually came out ahead a couple hundred more than he left with. Amber told him she was fine with it, to go enjoy himself. In actuality she had been horny all morning and had been anticipating a wild evening between the sheets. "I love you Am," he had said before hanging up, "I have quite the weekend planned next week. It'll be a Valentines Day you won't forget."

"I love you too Mark. Make sure you clean them out so we can roll like the big spenders do next weekend," she had told him as they hung up the phone. With a whole day before her like a blank canvas she didn't know where to start. Amber ended up having lunch at Eunie's, and then went to Carol's Deep Massage Spa and treated herself to the works: facial, manicure, pedicure, mud bath, and a deep tissue massage. She left feeling like a million dollars, but no less horny. If anything the cute little redhead that had worked her over had made it worse. She settled for two slices of meat lover's pizza for dinner, and then drove to Mark's place. She parked around the corner so her surprise would be complete. She ate dinner, watched a movie, and then went to bed, planning to let him finder her lying in his bed naked when he got home. 

Amber awoke a few hours later, to the sound of stumbling in the living room. "He's hammered," she thought woefully, "well it just means you'll have to work harder to keep him up." After one last loud bump the stumbling stopped, yet Mark didn't enter the bedroom, and he didn't go to the bathroom. Curious she tossed the covers back and slid her bare legs over the edge of the bed. Poised to leave the bed her heart stopped, she could hear Mark moaning. Fearing Mark had fallen and hurt himself she walked quickly towards the living room. As she rounded the corner, she became frozen to the floor as her heart and stomach switched places. Mark's head was leaning back on the couch his eyes closed but looking to the ceiling; his mouth open, a long low moan passing his lips. She wanted the scene before her to be something else, anything else. She wanted him to be sitting before her jacking off but she knew that was only wishful thinking; jacking off didn't sound like a sloppy blowjob. 

"Mark," she called, "Mark what's going on." If she had any last scrap of hope that he was pleasuring himself, that scrap was shredded with the way he responded. His eyes snapped open, and his head turned to find her.

"Uh..Amber..I..." he started as he stood, his pants unbuckled, his hard cock glistening with saliva. As if from no where, a blonde woman with her shirt off and her skirt bunched at her waist stood along side him.

"You didn't tell me there was going to three of us," she said to Mark, her eyes roaming over Amber's sensual nude form, "but this is the kind of surprise I like." 

Taking Mark by the hand the blonde began to lead him towards Amber. Feeling his arm stiffen as she tried to move him she looked back, and understood. "Oh fuck, she wasn't supposed to be here was she?" Blondie asked him. Amber had seen enough. She dressed and was out the door in two minutes flat, despite Mark's protests and assurances.

A week later, sixty two unreturned messages, emails, and texts, and she still couldn't understand how fourteen months ends like this. They'd had their fights in that time, but that's what had her thinking this could be the one. "Maybe I'll talk to him next week," she thought as she had another scoop of ice cream, "and see if we can work this out." As she was spraying another blast of whipped cream into her mouth, there was a knock on the door. Startled she sprayed a little whipped cream along her cheek and into her hair. Setting it down she laughed as she looked at herself: whipped cream in her hair, wearing a bathrobe, at home alone on Valentine's Day. 

"I'm coming," she called as she walked to the door, the knock sounding again. Peering through her peephole she looked to see if it was Mark, making one last ditch effort to salvage the day. She could see the back of someone's head, and it wasn't Marks. Amber wondered who it was, as she hadn't been expecting anyone.

"Who is it?" she queried, her voice curious but tempered with caution.

"My name is Victor. I work for Living Cards, the singing telegram company. I'm looking for Amber Grey," replied a deep masculine voice, "I have a living card for her." Amber peered through the peephole again, and saw a pair of chocolate brown eyes set deep into a finely chiseled face looking back at her.

"I'm not really presentable right now...I was just getting ready to shower," she offered lamely.

"I can wait," he replied. "You're the last card of the day, and we aren't allowed to leave without having the recipient sign for their living card."

"If I sign for it, will you leave?" she asked. She was certain this was from Mark and she wanted no part of it, despite the man on the other door looking as if he'd just stepped from the pages of GQ. "I'm sure you'd rather be home getting ready for tonight," she added.

"I don't have any plans, but if that's what you really want, then sure I'll do it. But you'll be the first person that hasn't let me deliver their card," he answered with a real note of resignation in his voice. Amber opened the door.

"Come on in," she said, "the living room is that way." She followed Victor into the living room, where her death by chocolate was slowly turning into soup. "Excuse me a minute," she said as she cleaned up her treat. Returning to the living room she found Victor as she had left him, standing in the middle of the floor. "Ok, let's hear it," she said.

"Umm...you have some whipped cream in your hair," Victor said, a smile blooming on his lips. Amber blushed then laughed, the charm of his smile infecting her.

"Excuse me again," she said trotting to the bathroom. Returning for a second time she asked, "Am I presentable now?"

"You look great to me," Victor replied. "Roses aren't blue, chocolate's not green. I'm sorry for what I did, I know it was mean. Love Mark." Victor took a pad from his back pocket, and handed it to her, "Please sign here." Amber signed the receipt and handed it back to Victor. She felt a charge of excitement rush through her body when their hands touched. Suddenly she didn't want him to leave. Her mind floundered to find a way to get him to stay.

"You have a great voice. Thanks for convincing me to hear it. Listen, I don't have any cash handy for a tip..." she started, but he cut her off.

"No need to worry. Tips can be nice, but they aren't required. Would it be ok if I used your bathroom before I go?" he asked. Amber showed him the way then returned to the papasan chair. She sat with her legs curled beneath her, waiting for Victor to say good-bye. Her heart was racing as she thought of him leaving. "What is going on with me?" she asked herself. "For one thing you are hornier than a three peckered rabbit," she answered, "and for another thing he's hot!" Victor appeared before her as she finished these thoughts.

"I've never not tipped, and you can't be the first person to make me not tip," she told him with a wry pout upon her dainty lips, "you said you had no plans tonight, and you can see where my evening was headed. How about I order us some pizza and you can have dinner with me, we can throw in a movie. Sound like a fair tip?" She could see him thinking it over, her heart hammering like a drum in anticipation of his reply.

"Don't think me a fool for questioning a dinner invite from someone as pretty as you," he said, "but your living card was obviously from someone that cares for you right? I don't like the idea of being the other guy."

"Well, you're right, it was from another man. He cared so much for me that a week ago I found him with his dick between the lips of a blonde; who when she saw me, thought she was going to get some of me too," Amber replied, the hurt still evident in her words, "so you won't be the other guy, you'll be my dinner date on Valentine's Day. What'd ya say?

"Well...I've been all over town today, and I'm feeling rather grubby. I could really use a shower," Victor answered, "but a pizza sounds spot on."

Without thinking Amber replied, "You can use my shower if you'd like." Victor tilted his head and grinned at her.

"Weren't you getting ready to shower when I got here?" he asked, a knowing smile settling on his face. "My apartment is only three blocks from here. I'll go shower and change while you shower here. I'll be back in an hour, and I'll bring a movie. How's that sound?" 

Amber stood and smiled. "Sounds like a date," she replied.

She rested her head against the door after closing it. "What the hell are you doing?" she wondered. In answer, she walked to her bedroom and began searching for something to wear. After about ten minutes she had settled on her lowest pair of hip hugger jeans, and a white button down shirt that could be accused of being just a little too tight. To relieve some of the tightness she usually kept the top two buttons undone, but tonight she was going to leave the third one open too, revealing just a hint of her white lace bra. She'd wear the matching thong, which would just be visible above the waist of her jeans. Laying the clothes on her bed she tossed her bathrobe on the chest at the end of her bed, and walked to the bathroom in her tank-top and boxer shorts. Turning the shower on she stripped her sleepwear off. Turning sideways she admired herself in the wall mirror opposite the shower. 

"Mark wasn't deserving of you," she said to herself in the mirror, allowing her eyes to roam over her own nude form; smiling appreciatively at her well toned, five foot - eight inch frame. Stepping into the hot water she quickly washed her body and long auburn hair allowing the conditioner to set while she shaved. Grinning mischievously to herself she took special care with her nether region, removing all traces of hair that had returned since the morning before as she thought, "Who knows what the night will bring." After drying off, she grabbed her favorite lotion and rubbed herself down. Retreating to the bedroom she dressed and lit a few candles, just in case. 

She ordered the pizza and flopped onto her couch, wondering again just what she was doing. Her cell phone rang. Picking it up she saw it was Mark. Setting it on the end table she set it to vibrate and turned the TV on, her eyes drifting to the clock on top of her entertainment center: it was 4:50; Victor should be back in ten minutes or so. Amber was shocked at how her pulse quickened with this thought. She'd never had emotions like this with Mark or any other man, about anything. Yet here was a man she'd been in the presence of for no more than fifteen minutes, and she felt like a little girl with her first crush. But she knew this was more than a crush. There was something, she couldn't put her finger on it, but it was there. Tonight would be an eye opening evening, she knew that much.

At five o'clock sharp there was a knock at the door. Looking through the peep she saw Victor smiling back at her. Opening the door she invited him in.

"Thanks," he said as he came through the door. "You look...wow...you look amazing," he said unable to take his eyes from her smiling form. He handed her the DVD, "I hope you haven't seen it yet." Amber closed the door and looked at the movie: Forgetting Sarah Marshall.

"I've wanted to see this, but I haven't had the chance," she told him as they walked to the living room, "the pizza should be here in fifteen or twenty minutes, wanna start the movie?" Victor took the movie from her opening her, opening the DVD player as she sat on the couch. Removing the DVD in the player he turned around with a grin on his face.

"Uh, does this go anywhere special?" Victor asked as he placed the DVD in Amber's hand. He breath caught in her throat as her face turned as red as a sunburn.

"I...this...wow...I," she tried again, unable to complete a thought. She had put in one of her favorite porno's to masturbate to and had forgotten to put it away. "Not forgotten," she corrected herself, "planning to watch again soon."

"Really, it's no big deal," Victor said sitting beside her, "I have some at home too, maybe we can swap sometime?" Amber punched him in the arm in a playful manner. Taking the movie back from her, Victor read the title. "I don't think I've seen this one, I'll pick one of my fav's and we can trade for a bit." Setting it down on the end table he offered Amber the remote. "Unlike most men, I don't have to control the remote." She chuckled at this. 

"Go ahead, be my guest," she said, drawing her bare feet up to the couch. 

A sexual tension filled the air as the movie progressed, despite the light hearted moment with the porno. As if on cue there was a knock at the door. Victor paused the movie, at a rather opportune moment he thought, as Amber got their dinner. Bringing the pizza back to the coffee table she glanced at the screen, and slowly returned her gaze to Victor. "I assume you're going to tell me that was a complete accident right," she questioned him with a smirk on her face.

He returned her smile, "It is what it is. Let's eat." They devoured the pizza and a six pack of Sam Adams Winter Lager before the movie ended. When it was done Amber looked at him and smiled.

"Thank you," she said placing a hand on his thigh, "I had a great night. This is exactly what I needed. Thanks." Uncurling her legs from beneath her she made as if to stand.

"Who said the night has to end yet?" Victor asked, "It's still early." Reaching out he took her right foot in his hands and began to massage it. His hands were like magic, working her foot from toe to ankle, and every spot in between. Amber reclined on the couch, her eyes closed as his hands brought her through the clouds. Unable to restrain herself, her lips parted, emitting a deep contented moan. After about ten minutes on her right foot he set it in his lap and performed the same magic on her left. She couldn't help but notice the erection in his pants when he set her foot down in his lap. When he finished she drew her legs back under her as she sat again.

"My God that was amazing," she gushed, "are you a masseuse too?" 

"No, I just appreciate a pretty pair of feet, and like to make em' feel good when I can," he replied looking into her eyes. With her heart hammering she leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek, barely touching the corner of his mouth, lingering a little longer than a simple cheek kiss should take. 

"How about I return the favor?" Amber said as she stood on the couch, and moved behind him, sitting on the back of the couch. Leaning forward she began to work his shoulders and upper back with her delicate hands. 

"Wow," he grunted as she worked the muscles deeper, "for such small hands they sure do pack a wallop." Victor closed his eyes and drooped his head as she worked his upper back. Her hands slid to his shoulders again and he reclined his head, gazing up at her face as she continued his massage. Looking down, her sky blue eyes locked on his, speaking volumes more than their mouths could have hoped for. Her fingers slowed and her head lowered, her hair cascading around their heads, giving them a private room away from the entire universe. Their lips met in a tender kiss. Parting for air they came back together again, this kiss conveying the desire that was building within each of them. She felt a bolt of excitement pass through her as their tongues met between their opened mouths. She felt his hands on either side of her head, holding her in place as their mouths joined again and again. 

Fearing it was all a dream, and knowing that she couldn't take anymore if it was, she broke their kiss and sat up. Opening her eyes she looked down, and Victor was still there, smiling up at her. Stepping down from the couch she stood before him and took his hands, drawing him up from the couch. Victor wrapped his arms around her slim waist and embraced her in a hug. Looking down at her beautiful face, he kissed her again. Pulse racing, she again ended the kiss. Taking him by the hand Amber led him towards her bedroom.

Entering her bedroom his eyes fell upon the candles, his nose filled with the sensual smells of lavender, jasmine, and almond the candles were emitting. Returning his gaze to her face he touched her chin with a finger and lifted her face to meet his eyes. 

"Were you planning on the evening progressing this way?" he asked her, a look of question on his brow. Amber shook her head no. Stepping to him she wrapped her delicate arms around him and hugged him close.

"I had no idea this is where we'd be. If you had left after the movie, I would be in here alone, but I'm a girl that likes to plan for all possibilities. If this is too fast for you, and I promise you I've never been with a man on a first date before, we can go back in the other room and watch another movie. But if you feel in your heart what I do..." she trailed off. 

Amber walked backwards to her bed and fell upon it. Lying down she patted the open space on the bed. Victor looked at the beautiful woman lying before him, beckoning him to join her. Taking stock of his emotions, he slid his shirt over his head and unbuckled his belt. Amber gasped when she saw his bare chest. His body was sculpted as if chiseled from marble. He was by no means a body builder, but his body rippled with muscle and definition. 

Climbing onto the bed he positioned himself above her, looking down into her piercing eyes. Smiling up at him Ambers fingers deftly unbuttoned her shirt, revealing her white lace covered 38B breasts. Lowering his face to her neck Victor began kissing her from her exposed shoulder to her ear, nibbling his way back and forth, eliciting moans from her parted lips. Gripping his waist she pulled him down, his pelvis settling between her parted legs, his hard penis pressing into her through their jeans. Running her hands over his muscular back she ground herself against him, savoring the feeling of his sex straining towards her.

Lifting himself from her neck and supporting himself on one arm, Victor slid his hand between her breasts, unlocking the clasp of her bra. With a gentle hand he brushed the cups from her breasts one by one, teasing each nipple as it went. 

Amber slipped a hand into his dark hair and guided his mouth to her breast, groaning in ecstasy as his tongue found her breast. His wet tongue encircled her nipple, causing it to stiffen between his lips. With a gentle suck he let it slip from his lips as he moved to her other breast. 

Amber slid her hands between them as he continued his oral attack on her breasts. She worked the buttons on her jeans until they were all freed. 
