 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

This is the second part of the three part story, 'The Vacation from Hell - Part 1'. If you haven't read the first part, I strongly urge you to read it first, otherwise much of what is discussed won't make much sense.

---------

Chapter 12 - A Hurricane is not just a Drink Anymore

The next thing I knew, it was 4:30 in the morning. The rooms were dark and the storm was really getting started outside the window. 

I threw the blanket off (at least somebody loved me enough to toss a blanket on me when I passed out) and went to the window. This storm was nasty. The wind was whipping up and there seemed like the lightning was continual. I was starting to regret trying to get here before the hurricane hit. I don't think any of us had ever ridden out a hurricane before.

Thinking of that, it was time to count noses. I stumbled out of the living room and peeked into the first bedroom. Lauren and Rick were asleep spooning in one of the beds. I walked over and found Heather and Sissy spooning in the king bed in our room. 

I carefully slid in and snuggled up to Heather's back and she snuggled her ass up against my cock without waking up. That was where we all were until about 8:45 when a titanic thunder clap woke all of us. I looked over to see what time it was and the clock radio was out. I got up and flicked the light switches, but the power was out. 

When I went out to check the kitchen lights, Lauren and Rick came out and I told them the news about the power. Heather and Sissy came out as well and wanted to know what we should do.

"First order of business," I said, "a couple of us need to throw some clothes on and go buy some food from the little store in the lobby before everybody else thinks of it. I don't think the restaurant will be open if there is no food and there is no way I am going out in that to try and find someplace open."

"Agreed," said Rick. "Why don't you and I go and the girls can shower and get dressed." 

"Party pooper," said Lauren. "Don't you like us standing around in our birthday suits?"

"Oh, I love your outfit. You look good enough to eat," said Rick as he bent down and gave her tit a loud wet kiss. "But we do need something to eat besides you girls and it will let us find out if this place has generators or something."

So Rick and I tossed shorts and t-shirts on and went to the lobby. We scooped up all the cereal boxes and I grabbed some sodas and a few frozen meals and then Rick went back to get some chips, microwave popcorn and chocolate bars as we piled our booty on the check-in counter. We had just finished paying (fortunately I had cash) and headed to the stairs with our loot in plastic bags when other guests came down. Most went to check with the front desk about the power, but a few thought like we did and headed for the snacks.

We banged on the door to be let in (no power meant no electric locks) and just after we got in, the power came back on. We passed out the cereal and put the quart of milk on the table. Rick headed straight to the coffee pot to get that going in case the power went out again, while Heather put the rest of the food in the fridge and freezer.

We all felt better after some breakfast and coffee. 

I said, "I'm headed to the shower, I'll see you guys in a little while." 

That shower felt great. Truth be told, I was a little hung over. All the travelling and sex and not eating the previous day left me wide open for the alcohol to kick my ass. I had just soaped up my face when I felt someone step into the shower with me. It turned out to be Heather. 

"I came to get my shower and keep you company," she said. "You didn't get showered up while we were gone?" I asked. 

"No" she said "You are going to think I am silly but I got scared so I stood guard while Sissy and Lauren showered." 

"Separately or together?" I asked. 

"Separately," she said. 

"Spoilsports," I said as I finished rinsing the soap out of my eyes and turned to give Heather a hug. 

"My, somebody is frisky this morning" she said, reaching down and grabbing my very erect penis, "considering the number of people other than your wife that you fucked yesterday."

"I mouth fucked you" I said trying to sound hurt. 

Not getting a reaction, I spun her around facing the wall and slid my cock up her pussy. It was so wet and delicious. 

"Are you still feeling neglected?" I asked. 

"No," she said, "but let me move so I can bend down and get more of your cock deep into my pussy." 

We shifted positions and she bent over leaning against the far wall and I slid my cock a good inch or two deeper into her. She started to pull off of me until just the tip of my cock was inside her then she rocked back and swallowed my whole cock with her cunt in one motion. Then out and back. It was so delicious.

Then she did something she doesn't do very often. Heather grabbed the bottle of body wash and poured some on her ass, grabbed her ass checks in both hands spreading them. 

I just sat there for a minute until she said, "What are you waiting for, fuck my ass like you fucked Lauren and Sissy's asses. Wet your dick and slide it in. I want to feel your big dick in my ass." 

I was a little surprised but hey, don't look a gift ass fuck in the mouth. I wiped my dick on the body wash and slid the head slowly into her ass. It was a tight squeeze before the head popped in. Heather let out a little gasp. 

"Are you ok?" I asked. 

"Yes," she said, "I guess I wasn't as ready as I thought I was. Just take it slow." 

I pulled her up to play with her tits and grabbed one of her hands to move it to play with her pussy and clit. I tried to stay still to let her build up. And quite frankly it was just sexy as hell to be standing in the shower with my wife pressed against me and my dick up her ass. 

Sexy as Fucking Hell.

After a few minutes of playing with her tits while she played with herself, her ass loosened up and I started a slow in and out stroking. 

"Oh, that's better," she said. "I like that motion now. Please keep it slow and gentle. Just like that. Oh, yes just like that, slow, slow, now try going deeper. Oh yesss. Like that oh yesss. Oh yess . That's it. Squeeze those titties. Oh my gawd, I can feel your cock pressing on my fingers. I'm just about there, are you close? Let me feel your hot cum in my ass. Cum with me. Cum with me. Cum with me." 

As if I needed encouragement. I could feel her ass muscles start to clench and pulse with her orgasm and I allowed them to push me over the cliff and my cock began spewing my hot cum into her ass. 

I started thrusting my cock into her with each spurt, completely forgetting gentle motions. 

But she just moaned over and over, "oh, oh, oh" until we both started to come back to the world and I grabbed her and held her tight my cock still luxuriating in the heat of her bowels as I kissed her neck and said, "I love you". 

Finally, we separated and I rinsed off and we switched places so she could get the benefit of the hot water cascading on her back. 

I stepped out and dried myself off. Just before I went out in search of clean clothes, Heather stepped out of the shower and gave me a big wet kiss with plenty of tongue and hugged herself to me. I draped the towel over her and hugged her back. 

Just then Sissy banged on the door and yelled out, "Can you guys hurry it up. I have to pee."

Laughing we broke our clench. I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around myself and Heather draped the other towel around her shoulders and we walked out.

The rest of the day was pretty uneventful if somewhat scary. We watched the TV when we had power. 

And we huddled and cuddled when the power would go out. Fortunately or unfortunately, it never went out for too long. It was out for an hour during the longest outage. Towards the end of the afternoon, it lightened up and the TV weather person said that the worst of it had passed to the north of the city and was starting to go out to sea.

Seeing that, I said, "Why don't we go down to the pool?"

Lauren just looked at me (once she pulled her mouth off my cock) and said, "Are you crazy. Just listen to that rain. Why would you want to go outside?"

"There is an inside pool and hot tub on the ground floor," I said. "Plus I'm trying to pace myself and you are going to get a mouthful of my cum if you keep that up."

"Is there anything wrong with that?" asked Sissy. 

"No," said Rick. "And I'm enjoying the hell out you titty fucking me like that, but I agree with James. You girls can have a hundred orgasms a day, but we only get a couple of shots at glory a day. So we need to pace ourselves."

I stood up carefully and collected my clothes. 

"We need swim suits for the pool, so I am going for mine. If anybody else is brave enough, the pool is to the left of the stairs on the ground floor," I said while going for my swim suit.

Chapter 13 - Water Sports

By the time I got my swim suit on, Heather was rummaging through her suitcase for hers and Sissy had stripped the last of her clothes off while bending over to look in her suitcase. I never got tired of that view. 

Seeing my state and the view I was looking at, Heather said, "You are not serious about going downstairs with that thing tenting like that are you?"

"It will be fine. I doubt anybody is out and about and once I'm in the pool no one can see me."

As I had said, there was no one to be scandalized by my hard on or the girl's teeny weeny bikinis. No one was in the pool either. Lauren saw the workout room and headed there with a wave to us that she would catch up shortly. Heather decided to join her. The window between the pool and the workout room let us enjoy their tight bodies jogging on the treadmills.

Rick and Sissy headed for the pool and started a splash fight and I headed for the hot tub. 

It was raised up about 2 feet so I had a good view of the pool and the workout room. After a few minutes the splashing quieted down so I opened my eyes and checked out the pool. At the shallow end Rick had Sissy's top floating while he massaged her beautiful breasts. 

"He just can't get enough of big boobs," I thought, "I hope Lauren is ok with that. Her 32A cups were not as massive as either Sissy's or Heather's 36C cups, but I just love how sensitive they are."

Just then the door opened and Sissy ducked down and grabbed for her top. But it was just Heather. 

"You scared me," Rick said. 

"Sorry," said Heather not really meaning it, "But I did love that disappearing act you pulled Sissy. Next time, keep a closer watch on the door. Where's James?"

"Present" I yelled. 

"Oh" said Heather loudly, "I forgot the hot tub was way over there out of sight." 

"Come on over and I'll show you how out of sight it is," I called back.

"Lauren is out in the hall talking to a mom and her 2 kids to give all you perverts time to get decent before they come in. And it looks like time is up."

"Hi Lauren" said Heather. "Who do we have here?"

"Hi everybody" said Lauren. "This is Cheryl, with a 'C' and her son Frank who is 3 and her daughter Lilly who is 4". 

Turning to the new threesome, Lauren said, "The two in the pool are our friend Sissy and my husband Rick, this is Heather and her husband James appears to be down in the hot tub."

Everybody shouted out, "Hi," and started laughing. 

Lauren started back up once it quieted down, "Rick and Sissy can you watch out for Frank and Lilly? Cheryl needs to relax and I told her James gives the best backrubs." 

"No problem," Sissy said, "I need a few more soldiers to help in my war on that tyrant Rick. You two are on my side." 

"Hey," said Rick, "That's no fair."

"Exactly," said Sissy. "C'mon guys. Climb on in and let's get to splashing. Cheryl, go and relax. You will be in good hands with James."

I was wondering what I had been volunteered into, but when Cheryl got down to the hot tub and took off that shape hiding robe, I had to repress a gasp. She had one of the most banging hot bodies I have seen out of a men's magazine. I didn't think women that looked like that were real. She was wearing a fairly modest white bikini with hot pink polka dots.

"Hi, I'm James," was all I could stutter out I was so stunned. 

"Nice to meet you James," the goddess said. "I hope you don't mind. Lauren and Heather both said that you give the most amazing massages and I have to admit, I am really stressed out about the storm and travelling here and the cruise tomorrow and oh, just everything. And I could really use a good massage."

"It's not a problem, I'm happy to help out. Come on over and sit down in front of me and I'll start on your neck and shoulders and let the warm water help the rest of you." 

Cheryl stepped slowly into the hot tub and took a quick dunk up to her neck. As I suspected, her bikini became almost transparent when it got wet, so I could see her dark areolas surrounding her nipples and the lack of tan lines around her breasts. She came over and carefully sat between my legs. She sat directly on my hard-on and there was no way she could have missed it, but she didn't say anything. 

I started by sloshing warm water over shoulders and neck to warm them up. 

"You said you are going on a cruise tomorrow, which ship?" I asked, silently praying for the answer I was hoping for. 

"We are on the one that leaves from terminal 11. I'm sorry I don't remember the name of the ship."

"Well, our ship is leaving from terminal 11 also, so I guess we are on the same ship," I said, silently thanking any and all gods listening for delivering the answer I wanted. 

"Oh my, you are tight," I said when I finally started to massage her shoulders. "What naughtiness have you been up to that has caused this?"

"I haven't been up to anything and that's the problem. I just finished the divorce last week and I was going to cancel the cruise, but the kids were so looking forward to it that I just had to go through with it" she said in a rush.

"Ok. I'm sorry, I'm lost. Can we back up a couple steps?" I said.

"Uh-huh" she said and then the tears just started pouring out of her. I stopped rubbing her neck and put my arms around her and gently held her and rocked back and forth with her in my arms. 

Finally, she slowed and started over. "My husband and I were trying to put our marriage back together and the marriage counselor said going on a trip together could help us. So he bought this cruise and then the next week he ran off with his secretary. So I divorced him. But we had paid for it, so I decided to go and I asked my sister to come along. We got to the hotel a couple of days ago before the hurricane and we've been trapped here." 

I released my bear hug on her and brought my hands back up. As if by accident, I caressed her breasts and brushed my hands across her nipples. That brought and almost inaudible gasp and moan from her. 

So I was pretty sure she hadn't had any sort of sex in a while. 

"Pardon my asking, but what on earth could have possessed your ex-husband to leave such an amazing beauty as you. Was he mental?" I asked. "Most of the male population of the world would kill to be able to make love to you and he runs away."

"Thank you," she said shyly. "It's not that she was better looking, but she would do something for him that I wouldn't."

I started to work my way down her back digging my thumbs into her tight muscles along her spine. 

"I am sorry but this will probably hurt a little. Your muscles are so tight I am going to have to dig in to get them to loosen up. Can you lean just a little forward?" 

"Sure" she said. Leaning forward had the effect of pushing her butt even tighter on my erection. 

"It does hurt a little, but it feels good too." 

After a minute she continued. 

"She would let him fuck her in the butt and I wouldn't. That's why he ran away with her. She wasn't the first piece of ass that he was ass fucking on the side. But she inherited a lot of money from a dead aunt and money and a willing ass fucker was too much for him, so he dumped me. The motherfucking, ass humping, worthless tiny dicked piece of shit."

I didn't say anything, just kept on working on her back and let her cry. Finally, she stopped, sniffed and said softly, "Do you really think I'm pretty?"

"Lady, you are so far past pretty, there is only one thing I can think of to prove it to you and it's been poking you since you sat down. You are gorgeous. Period. End of statement."

"Thank you," she said. "You know, your wife and her friend were right. You do have magic hands. I shouldn't be saying this, but I am getting really turned on by the way you are touching me. I should go."

"Why?" asked Heather, as she stepped into the hot tub. 

"She is feeling guilty because your husband is getting her aroused by rubbing her back." I said.

Heather come over and squatted down so she was eye to eye with Cheryl. 

"If you think what he is doing to your back is wonderful, you should feel what he can do to your front. I was listening from over there and I heard about your ex. When was the last time you had anybody make love to you?" 

From the color on her neck, I could tell she was blushing like mad. Cheryl said something I couldn't hear, but Heather repeated it ,"Almost 2 years? Oh baby, you are way overdue. James, stop rubbing her back and start rubbing her front. You should see her nipples sticking out, they have to be aching to loved."

"But he's your husband!" Cheryl started. "And I'm his wife," Heather finished. "As long as he tells me what he has been doing or I am there to help, we have no issues. The more love that's made the more love there is to share. Now let's free your girls and see if we can end this drought."

I unhooked her bikini top and Heather slid her hands underneath the thin material. Cheryl tried to object but the sensation of her nipples being caressed was too much. It had been too long. She arched her back and I kissed the side her neck as Heather began a long slow kiss. A few seconds later Cheryl's hand reached back and grabbed my penis through my swimsuit. 

"Oh my gawd it's huge" she said. 

By now I had reached one hand around and was stroking her pussy through the front of her bikini bottom. She humped her pussy up when I touched it and started moaning. I cupped her pussy and rubbed the whole area for a minute before sliding a hand up onto her taut stomach and then slid it down again along her skin, across her shaved mound and slipped a finger between her nether lips.

Apparently she had been on the verge of a climax and my fingers pushed her over the edge into a shuddering orgasm. Heather just held her by the shoulders and covered the side of her face with kisses while whispering, "its ok, let yourself go, you deserve the pleasure" over and over again.
