 It's a lazy afternoon, not much going on. The kids are in school, and we don't really have anything special planned. You suggest the idea of going out for a drive, to take in some of the mountain scenery and enjoy the day. I readily agree, and so we begin our preparations.

I fix us a light snack of cheese and French bread, adding a bottle of wine to wash it down. All this goes into a picnic basket, along with a knife and two glasses. I put the basket in the back of our van, and you toss in a big blanket as well, with a sly little grin. Then we climb in and begin our drive.

We drive through town first, but finally begin ascending the winding road up into the mountains. The houses are so pretty, and the view becomes more and more spectacular. As we drive, we converse pleasantly about many different things, and your sharp wit and dry humor make me laugh often. You always smile when I laugh, I think you like my laugh. 

Soon we find a beautiful spot to enjoy the view, so we stop and open the basket. We nibble on the bread and cheese, and toast each other with a small glass of wine. The radio is set to our favorite station, so the comfortable silences are filled with mellow music.

Soon we decide to continue on our way, packing up the basket. We drive on for a while, still conversing comfortably. I reach over and begin to massage the back of your neck, and we both take a small sensual pleasure in this contact.

Our talk becomes peppered with subtle innuendos, and I can feel a certain heat building between us. As I glance down at your lap, the bulge growing in your pants tells me you feel it too. This is really all the encouragement I need, and I slowly undo the top buttons of my blouse, knowing that you're watching out of the corner of your eye as you drive. A peek of black lace now shows under my blouse, and my hand drops to your knee, slowly sliding up your thigh, and back down, rubbing and teasing, just barely brushing your noticeable hardness.

Now I get up and move to the back of the van, so that only you can see me as you watch in the rearview mirror. I unbutton my blouse all the way and slowly slip it off my shoulders to reveal a black lace bodysuit underneath. As I begin to unfasten my jeans, you are frantically searching for a secluded place to park. Finally you find a dirt road and a clearing in the woods. Very private. You stop the van and join me in the back, where I'm now wearing only the lace bodysuit. We spread out the blanket on the floor of the van, and kneel facing each other.

You embrace me tightly, and my arms wrap around your neck, stroking your hair as you lean in for a kiss. Soft at first, then more demanding. Our lips part and tongues begin to dance together. 

I break the kiss just long enough to slip your shirt over your head, and I let my hands roam over your shoulders, back and chest. My fingers tease your nipples as we continue passionately kissing, then my hand naturally goes to the hardness I noticed earlier. I rub you through your jeans, and a small moan escapes your lips. I unzip them, and push them down out of the way, along with your briefs. My hands gently push on your shoulders, forcing you to lie back on the blanket. I tug off your pants and stretch out beside you. 

My tongue teases your nipples as my hand strokes and fondles your manhood, feeling it stiffen and grow. I cup your balls, gently playing with them too. Now my lips begin sliding down your chest to your stomach, tonguing your navel. My hair brushes your cock as I move to kiss, lick and nibble your inner thighs. Finally my tongue finds your balls, swirling gently over them, and that spot just underneath them that is so sensitive you twitch when I lick there. 

My tongue travels slowly and lovingly up the length of your shaft, and flicks over the tip, tasting the drops of precum that formed there. Then running my tongue back down the underside. My fingers tickle your balls as I suck the head into my mouth, still teasing the tip with light tongue flickers, making you gasp a little. I wrap my hand around your shaft, stroking up and down as I suck on the head. I feel you swelling in my mouth, dribbling precum onto my tongue. It tastes so sweet. In an unexpected motion, I suddenly engulf you in my mouth, sucking your hard cock in right to the base. This makes you moan loudly, and gasp with pleasure. 

My warm wet mouth slides up and down, sucking, loving the feel of you against my tongue, the taste of you. Your hips start thrusting up to meet me. You're moaning. 

I hear you whispering "That's it, baby". 

Your cock is swelling, and as I sense you getting close to orgasm, I suck harder and faster. I also cup your balls, playing with them, and allow one finger to circle and probe your ass, gently pushing at the hole, but not penetrating it. This makes you groan even louder, and with a sudden thrust of your hips I feel your hot cum hit my throat. I swallow every drop, still sucking and holding you in my mouth until you stop twitching. 

Then I move up beside you again, and you wrap your arms around me and kiss me, sharing the taste of yourself. 

Once you have caught your breath, you give me a huge, wicked grin. 

You lean over to nibble my earlobe, and whisper "Now it's YOUR turn!"

The windows of the van are already steamed up from the heat of our breath and our bodies. You have a satisfied smile on your face, and a wicked look in your eye that makes my heart skip a beat. 

Remembering that there's still some wine left in the picnic basket, you reach over to retrieve it and place it within easy reach. Pushing me back onto the blanket, you cover me with your body and stare down into my eyes, holding my wrists above my head. 

You slowly lean down to kiss my cheek, moving to my ear, then my neck, sending shivers through me. Finally you move to my mouth, and devour me with a passionate kiss, lingering and enjoying for several minutes. 

As we kiss, your hand slides down to cup my breast, lightly brushing the nipple and causing it to stiffen under the lace. Your hand continues its journey, caressing my hip and thigh. Then you slowly slip the strap of my bodysuit down, exposing my breast but not touching it yet. You move so you can do the same to the strap on the other side, baring the other breast. You tease, nibble, and lick both my ears and my neck, making me moan with pleasure. Kissing your way down between my breasts, you take the top of the bodysuit in your teeth and tug it down, down and finally off altogether. 

Your teasing is driving me wild, and I look at you with passion and longing, wanting to feel your lips and tongue all over me. Now that I'm naked, you reach over for the wine bottle and lower the cold glass to my bare breast, watching me with a little smile, waiting for my reaction. As it touches my nipple, I jump a bit and let out a little moan. You repeat this on the other breast and are pleased to see the nipples stiffen. Now you open the bottle, and tip it over my breasts, allowing a little wine to dribble over them. You move quickly to lick it up, and finally my nipples are satisfied to feel your tongue licking and massaging them.

They harden even more, and you suck them into your mouth, alternating one to the other, and gently biting. Your hand moves to caress my inner thighs and my stomach as your lips begin moving down my body. 

As your tongue teases my navel, your fingers find my hot, wet slit and I moan as you very lightly rub my clit. You increase the pressure a bit, causing me to arch my back. You slowly slide a finger into my tight pussy, then two, circling and caressing my inner walls. 

You bring the fingers to your mouth and slowly suck the juices off them while looking into my eyes. 

"You taste so good," you tell me. 

Now your head ducks down between my legs, and you begin kissing my inner thighs as you reach again for the wine bottle. You spill some wine over my shaved pubic area and quickly follow with your tongue. You lick my outer pussy lips thoroughly, running your tongue up and down my slit, and finally slipping it between to taste my juices. You part my lips with your fingers, so you can have easy access to the tender pearl inside, which is already hard. You gently circle and flick the clit with your tongue, making me squirm and moan. 

Now increasing the pressure, you begin to suck on it and at the same time put two fingers inside me, deep inside, rubbing the g-spot. This drives me over the edge, and I thrust up against you, moaning loudly as I explode in my first orgasm. You continue fingering and licking until I calm down a bit.

The taste of me, and my obvious pleasure and excitement, have made you so hot that your cock is hard again, as I notice when you move back up on top of me. We kiss, and I can taste myself and a faint taste of wine as our tongues intertwine again. 

I feel your hardness against me, and I whisper in your ear "I want your hard cock inside me baby". 

You respond by moaning in my ear "I'm gonna fuck you so good." 

With that, I reach down and guide your hot rod to my steaming hole and you slide in slow and easy, letting me feel every inch. We both groan with the pleasure of it, and you begin moving with slow, deliberate strokes, looking into my eyes. My legs spread wider and up, allowing deeper penetration, and at this angle your shaft rubs my clit on every stroke. My pussy is so tight and wet, you start moving faster and lean down to suck on my erect nipples as you fuck me. 

We are both building to an exquisite explosion, and I tell you "Harder, baby, faster, please!"

With that you start pounding deeply, hitting the sweet spot with every thrust and making me almost scream with pleasure. I feel you swelling inside me, and my hips are arching up to meet your every pump. You are groaning in ecstasy, and just as I start to cum I feel you shudder and your hot seed fills me up. My muscles spasm and clench at your cock, milking every drop. 

Such indescribable release, we are both moaning and gasping as our orgasms subside slowly. You collapse on top of me, and I love this feeling of ultimate closeness. We hold each other, kissing and catching our breath with you still inside me. We smile at each other with great satisfaction and prepare for the ride home.