 As always comments and suggestions are appreciated.

*****

The Valentine's Eve Dumpster Munch

The title caught Adam and he clicked on the email link to the Altlife Group "Kinky over 40 and those who love them." The brief announcement read:

"Valentine's Day falls on a Saturday this year, and Valentine's Eve is on Friday, February 13th. We are organizing this event for all those unlucky kinksters who have been jilted and tossed into the discard pile by their former partners. Join us at Jack's Best Bottles to commiserate with like minded souls and maybe get lucky for Saturday."

His initial thought was "Looser Munch - no thanks." His finger was on the delete button when he thought, "What the hell, it wasn't like I'm doing anything that weekend. Why not give it a try?" He pushed "Accept" and added it to his otherwise empty calendar. 

He'd joined "Kinky after 40" with Miranda a couple of years ago and they'd gone to a several of their gatherings. All in all a good group of like minded people, until Miranda met Edward. Edward was taller than Adam, better looking and as he was soon to discover a Real Dom. He even had his own Dungeon, equipped with a cross, horse, stocks and all the accompanying toys. Within two weeks, Miranda declared that Edward was her "soul mate" and Adam was dumped. She'd even proudly showed him her buttocks, with their fifty shades of purple, yellow and brown as an example of how a Real Dom attended to his sub. But it was the distinct cane marks which had overlain her bruises which were more disturbing; in the wrong place a cane could cause permanent damage.

In a way Miranda was right. When they had taken that on-line Fetish test, Adam had scored most strongly as a switch (86%), only 55% as a dominant and 41% as a submissive. Miranda had scored 88% submissive, 10% dominant and 15 % switch. But all that was in the past, he had to move on and maybe the munch would provide that opportunity to broaden his experience.

Adam arrived at Jack's at 8:30, half an hour after the munch started. He knew that to arrive on time or worse yet early would seem too eager, but it was important to be early enough that potential connections were yet to be fixed. His glasses had immediately fogged and he's put them in his breast pocket as he walked in. Miranda had said he looked better without them, even if the world was a bit blurry.

As he was checking his coat, a sultry voice purred from directly behind him, raising the hairs on the back of his neck. "Adam, so good of you come. Sigh, fate is often unkind to those of us who take on fickle lovers." Adam wasn't good with voices, but he remembered Eve 's seductive voice from earlier munches. He turned to face a woman, near his own age, forty-something, with attractive reddish brown hair, light freckles and an elfish smile.

"Good evening Eve," he replied, "Sigh, so it would seem, but life must go ont." As Adam helped her with her coat, he couldn't help noticing it was mink. He smiled, he recalling his high school days when a hot girl reputed to "go all the way" was said to "fuck like a mink." Only later had he learned the word was minx. 

Eve was the last person he`d expected to meet a this munch, although he wasn't really sure what to expect When they'd met at earlier munches, she`d been in full Domme mode with a very devoted young sub. The name Neil came to mind but that may just been his position at her feet. 

But it appeared that was over, and although he didn't want to hear the details, Adam felt he should offer some support. He asked, "May I get you a drink? " At her assent, he went to the bar to get her white wine and a pint of a local Winterbock - Jack's did have a good selection from local microbreweries.

With drinks in hand, he turned to find Eve, and was mildly unsettled that she'd selected an alcove in a dark corner at the back of the room. But then he realized the location afforded a good view of the room while still affording some privacy. He walked up to her set down her drink and was about to sit across from her when she responded "No Adam, sit next to me." He complied wondering vaguely about the tone of her voice, it had been more a command than a request. As Adam sat next to her, he couldn't help noticing that he was becoming aroused. Eve was extremely attractive, her long legs covered in black stockings, her blouse slightly open to revealing her firm bosom and a hint of her black camisole. Then there was her fragrance, jasmine with a highlight of orange, subtle, expensive and alluring.

He sipped his beer and his mind drifted for a moment, before he realized Eve was speaking "Now Adam, I'll get right to the point. I'm here because I knew you would be attending. We are here because we've lost our partners and I find you attractive. If I recall correctly from our earlier chats, you once told me that you tested more on the switch than Dom side, but had never subbed. I too have switch tendencies and will make you a proposition. I suggest that we try a few weekends together, alternating in our roles. If you accept, you'll be my sub this Valentine's weekend." 

Adam almost choked on his beer; the lady was direct. But she was honest, which would be a welcome change. Then too, he was curious about how it would feel to be the sub to release control to another and the idea of alternating sub/Dom weekends was attractive. Nonetheless, there was a frog in his throat as he replied "Yes Eve, I 'd be honoured to accept your proposition."

He felt a frisson of anxiety as Eve's expression changed at his acceptance, her inner Domme emerging as she responded "Very well Adam. So be it. For the rest of this weekend, you are my sub. You will address me as Mistress or Ma'am as appropriate. At Lifestyle functions such as this, your correct position is kneeling at my right hand side. Oh yes, your safe word is "Miranda." Now finish your beer. Your first task is to go into the washroom and remove your briefs. After you have completed your business, return and hand me your briefs."

"In for a penny, in for a pound" thought Adam as he went to the washroom to do as she had bid. He had never before tried to discreetly remove his boxers in a men's washroom before, though he had always wanted to ask a woman to do it for him. He suspected it is harder for men, as he first had to remove his trousers and shoes in the stall before he could take off his boxers. Then too, about halfway through it all, another man entered and was waiting for the stall. Adam preserved and completed the assigned tasks, although the man gave Adam a very hostile look when he finally left the stall. 

Adam returned to Eve who was sipping her wine, and discretely handed her his boxers before knelling at her right hand side. He was relieved that Eve had elected a back corner of the room but even so people were looking their way, curious at what might unfold. He turned red when she demonstratively held up his underpants saying "Oh boxers are so much more sexy than briefs although I prefer silk to cotton" as she brought them to her nose and sniffed loudly before stuffing them in her purse. She discretely ran her hand under her skirt and then inside thighs before bringing her moist fragrant fingers to his nose. He inhaled deeply, then stifled a gag as she pressed her fingers into his mouth and delivered her next command "As my sub, you'll get to know my little pussy well and to treat her with the reverence she deserves. As you may know, I delight in treating my subs as lap dogs. Now under the table like a good little doggie, I've yet to come today!"

In college, Adam had gained a bit of a reputation as a cunning linguist. And yes he had noticed Eve's subs were often under her table. So he had no reservations, to continuing in his sub role and moving under the table. Lifting her skirt, He paused for a moment to savour the fecund scent and take in the scene before him, black lace garter with clips to running to the top of her dark stockings and in between her neatly trimmed pudenda glistening in the soft light. His hands moved to stroke her creamy thighs and build slowly, but Eve hissed "No hands, mouth only!" and pushed his face hard against her sex. Submitting to her need and desires, Adam moved directly to her erect nubbin, nibbling sucking tonguing, then thrust his tongue deep into her vagina while rubbing his nose against her clit. It was not easy to breath, but he persisted and was soon rewarded as Eve arched her back and pushed hard against his mug. He let up as she came, but her hands pressed his face firmly into her sodden cunt as she growled "Stop, when I say stop!" So he continued,sucking, licking, nipping and tonguing as Eve climaxed again and again. His tongue and jaw were tired and well might be sore, but still he persevered until at last she sighed "Enough!" relaxed her grip on his head and directed him to kneel again at her right hand side.

She patted his head softly and caressed his wet face as she cooed "MMMM good doggie, I needed that." Her hands reached down to press his hard crotch as she teased "Does my little doggie need a rub?" to which Adam eagerly replied "Yes Mistress." 

Eve's fingers tugged his zipper to open his fly and she pulled out his cock, fondling it lightly, then releasing it to stand out on its own. She spoke softly "You have a nice cock, not too big but not too small" then reached out for a glass on the table and brought it before him. "While you were in the washroom, I ordered a single malt, as I remember you are a connoisseur of Scotch. You may drink it straight or if you wish I'll rub your weenie until you cum into the glass and you can have a mixed drink. Before you make your choice, remember that for this weekend you can only release at my command and I may not give you another chance." 

Caught up in his sub role, Adam quickly responded "Please Mistress, I choose the second option." It had been a long time, probably back in high school, since Adam had come to just a hand job but he found that he responded quickly as Eve's soft hand and fingers worked their dexterous magic. All too soon, he was over the edge, his cum spurting into the whiskey glass he held beneath his cock. He burbled, "Thank you Mistress" as her hand left his diminishing penis and it retreated inside his fly. 

"Now zip up and drink up" Eve ordered and Adam quickly complied. The mix of Scotch and cum really wasn't bad, creamy without the cloying sweetness of most Scotch-cream liqueurs.

Eve reached into her purse and withdrew a plain black leather collar. Her hands moved to his neck as she cinched it firmly round his neck "You've done well Adam, I look forward to your service for the rest of the weekend." 

She handed him a piece of paper as she continued "Tomorrow is Valentine's Day. You will arrive at my place, fleshly showered and cleansed at 4:00 in the afternoon, with flowers, chocolate and Champagne. We will spend a leisurely afternoon in my guest room, after which you will clean us both up before cooking supper. If all is well you can spend the night." She reached into her purse again and removed a 6" dark rubber plug "Oh yes, and you should probably get some lube and practice with this for tomorrow."

As he accepted the last item, Adam wondered what he had let himself in for. But he had no time for thought, as Eve attached a leash to the collar commanded "Stand!" She then led him out of the munch and to her black Mercedes.

She gave him a soft peck on the cheek as she unclipped his leash and whispered "à demain" before opening her car and driving off, leaving him to prepare for the next day.