 Author's Note:

This is the opening scene of a much longer tale, and does little more than introduce two of the main characters. The plot begins in Chapter 2. Future instalments will also grow much longer as we journey through the twists and turns of a modern-day adventure filled with heroes, villains, monsters...and yes, plenty of sex.

For now, let's just enjoy a good morning...

o

THE BEAUTY

Jack awoke to a soothing warmth, a familiar wetness enveloping an engorged part of him. Pressure was applied, and then a cool breath of air chilled his erect member as it was teasingly released from a moist and molten mouth, shooting a shiver up his spine. He felt a tongue deftly encircle his swollen head before soft lips slid firmly back down, swallowing him.

He lifted his head from the pillow to peer south. Sonya's head bobbed up and down as she tenderly inhaled and exhaled his stiff skin, stopping momentarily at the top of each motion to roll her tongue maddeningly around his sensitive tip. Jack moved his hands carefully upward, interlacing his fingers behind his head to enjoy the show. She must have sensed him, for her eyes flitted upward at the motion and she brushed aside a lock of long blond hair that had fallen in her face. Her sapphire eyes sparkled mischievously up at him as she continued to bathe his cock, stroking it rhythmically with her luscious lips, lathering it with her tongue.

He knew she loved an audience, so he made no move as she readjusted herself into a more comfortable position, throwing the impeding coverlet aside to kneel between his legs, her moist lips never leaving his hard flesh. She increased her rhythm, now moving her hands into position around the base of his cock and stroking it firmly in time with her head. She let saliva drool down from behind her wet lips, and her hands slicked it all along his shaft, massaging him with slippery strokes.

Jack could feel the sweet tension building deep in his balls as she worked him frenetically with both her soft hands and slippery mouth. A few locks of hair fell free in her vigor, hanging into her face as she frantically sucked and stroked, her dazzling blue eyes peeking now through a curtain of gold to fix him with a hungry glare. Her smouldering gaze brought him to the peak of passion.

At last he could hold back no longer. His toes were tingling, so he closed his eyes tight and let go. A rushing surge, a trembling web of sensation pulled from the edges of his being and funnelled out through his engorged centre, pulling with it all sense, all feeling but ecstasy as he came in her mouth.

When at last he drew a ragged breath and opened his eyes, Sonya was still softly pulling on the tip of him, her lips undulating, yearning for every last drop. He twitched once, twice, at her tongue's moist caress, as tiny electric aftershocks thrilled through his torso.

She was amazing. If only he could do this all day.

With a subtle slurp, Sonya released him, her tongue darting nimbly from betwixt her lips to snatch a shining wet pearl that yet lingered at the corner of her mouth. She leaned back and smiled sexily, her eyes filled with lust, and her voice was a sultry purr.

"Good morning."

Jack smiled a satisfied grin, but said nothing. Just the intense look of arousal on her face was enough to keep him ready. He gazed hungrily into her eyes as he sat up and leaned forward, before her now, over her. Coyly she retreated from his advance, but only a little, a tease before he was above her, his thick, muscled arms enveloping her as he laid her smaller frame on the end of the bed beneath him. He braced himself on his elbows, his arms beneath her, surrounding her, her supple breasts crushed to his chest, and bent his lips to hers. She responded eagerly, her mouth open, tongue searching, finding his in a moist embrace. The kiss was strong, passionate, their mouths attacking one another with feral abandon, and as it broke, as Jack caught her lower lip in his teeth, nibbling gently, a hard part of him found a soft part of her and he slid himself within.

She was wet, eager, as he knew she would be, and his cock delved deeply with fluid ease, turning again to iron in the molten forge of her pussy. Sonya gasped in surprise as she was filled suddenly, and sighed heavily as he withdrew ever so slowly, her breath against his cheek. Then he buried himself inside her until his dark curls of pubic hair were entwined with her trimmed golden patch, holding her tightly, pinning her to the bed with his spike. Again she gasped as he impaled her, but this time words carried on her breathless exhale.

"Ooh, I like that..."

Slowly at first, embracing her tightly beneath him, Jack began to roll his hips back and forth, pulling his swollen self most of the way out, and then quickly thrusting back in. Each time Sonya breathed with him, inhaling sharply as he entered, sighing softly as he withdrew. Thus he rocked her back and forth, slowly increasing his rhythm as Sonya's breathing became more ragged, insistent, as their union grew more frantic. He felt his passion mounting once more, electrifying sensation coursing through his veins from their carnal connection. His speed increased, and his muscles corded with strain as he ferociously worked his cock in and out of her sopping wet pussy. Her gasps had become moans, and soon her moans became grunts as he maintained his fierce pace, words becoming distinguishable through the animalistic sounds.

"Oh—yeah—fuck—me—fuck—me—fuck—me—" each word punched from her lungs by his pelvis crashing into hers as he continued to drive into her, fire and moisture surrounding him, alive with rippling sensation.

Once again he could feel the rush pulling at his genitals, the flood threatening, sweat flying now from his furrowed brow, his tendons straining. Sonya's face was an erotic mask of pleasure and pain, her eyes scrunched closed, her hair matted to her brow and cheeks with perspiration, her cheeks trembling with each concussion as he filled her, fucking her now with all his power. At last he could hold it back no longer, so he buried himself in her and the flood was released.

With an exultant cry he let it go, and a pleasurable wave crashed through his body, blinding his nerves with ecstasy, momentarily obliterating his senses. A froth of fluid burst forth, splashing across a million sensitive nerve endings deep within Sonya, and a long, high scream issued from her throat as her eyes sprang open, alight with pleasure as her lithe form was washed in an intense orgasm, her entire frame vibrating like a tuning fork while Jack emptied himself within her.

At length her quivering subsided, her face relaxed, and Jack once more regained use of his locked limbs. He gently eased himself back, slipping from within her, trailing a sticky, glistening strand. Sonya opened her beautiful blue eyes, and upon noticing the slippery drip, swept it from the head of his cock quickly with a finger. She tilted her head back, bringing her hand to hang in space above, a short silvery line dangling from her finger above her full red lips, parted in anticipation. Slowly she lowered the slippery snake of jism and let it coil on the end of her outstretched tongue. When her finger reached her mouth, she enveloped it, sucking softly to remove all evidence of their intimate cocktail, her eyes half-lidded from exhaustion, but fired by a lasting craving.

Jack felt a twitch, signalling his own craving for the exquisite example of womanhood before him. Sonya was five-foot-six, with elbow-length blond hair framing a face of subtle, simmering beauty set with playful sapphire eyes. Lithe of form, athletic by nature, she possessed firm, well-rounded breasts, a svelte curve of hip, and beautifully muscled legs. Her eyes were closed now, and her hand had found its way to her wet slit, naked below a triangular patch of short blond curls. She caressed it tenderly, softly, as if to sooth rather than excite.

"You hurt so good, Jack," she cooed, still regaining her breath. A playful wince flashed across her features as her index finger carefully explored her worn and reddened pussy.

"You gonna be all right?" Jack asked with a smile.

He swung his legs over the side of the bed and prepared to get up, resting a hand consolingly on her naked thigh. From Sonya came only a soft affirmative moan as she nodded her head tiredly, her eyes closed in relaxation.

Jack rose and went into the bathroom to shower and shave for work, checking the bedside clock as he left. Eight-forty. He would never make it by nine. Oh well, he was allowed to be late. He owned the place after all.

Action Investigations, or AI, as it was more commonly called. But Jack and his team at times did a hell of a lot more than investigate. Discretion, protection, tactical espionage, extreme ops, he and his crew were into all of it, and for good reason. They were the best, the brightest, the wildest, the scariest bunch of able experts available, and they did what they did for three reasons: the money, the freedom, and the Action.

Jack Action.

Jack washed and dried quickly, then shaved a night's growth from his square jaw. He checked himself in the steamed mirror, his own sky blue eyes staring back at him contentedly from beneath thick brows and short sandy brown hair. He threw an intimidating glare at his reflection, a penetrating gaze of stern lines and harsh angles, then raised his arms and flexed every muscle in his wide upper body, skin taut across his lean, ripped frame. He held the pose no more than a second before he burst out laughing, and with a dismissive gesture at the fool in the mirror, strode from the steamy bathroom.

Sonya lay on the bed in the afterglow of their morning activities, eyes closed, her breathing soft as she snoozed the morning away. Jack stood quietly over her for a moment, admiring the sweet curves of her resting body, the peaceful set of her beautiful features as she slept. 

She awoke to the sounds of him moving about the bedroom as he dressed. Stretching and yawning, she watched until he concealed his member behind his jockeys and then a pair of black Armani slacks.

Eyebrows raised, she left the bed slowly, her step tender and cautious, her hand still gently coddling her tender pussy.

"What's with the suit?" she asked as he fastened all but the top two buttons of an ivory silk shirt across his chest.

Jack looked askance at her as he tucked the shirt in past his open fly.

"New client this morning. Thought I'd spiff myself up a bit."

She reached past the open zipper, her hand finding and fondling his hidden member through his jockeys as she pressed her naked body up against his side.

"You know the only thing I like more than you in Armani," she whispered, her breath warm and inviting as it carried her words up to his ear, "is you out of Armani."

Jack turned and bent his lips to hers. They shared a long, lingering kiss, and the scent of her, of her skin, her hair, of their spent sex, drifted cruelly to his nostrils, tantalizing him with possibility. Grudgingly, he pulled away and gently removed her groping hand from the front of his pants, where it had already managed to quicken his blood once more.

"If only there were time," he said softly, and then kissed her briefly. "I'm already running late."

He released her hand as he touched his lips to hers a final time, and then fastened his pants and grabbed his tailored jacket.

"Shit," said Sonya with mock dismay as she glanced at the glowing numerals of the bedside clock, showing the time as ten past nine. "I'm late too. I guess I'd better get my ass in gear."

Jack smiled as he crossed the room to the door. "Take your time. I'm sure your boss will understand."

"He'd better," she said teasingly. When he looked back, he found her smiling coyly, her eyes twinkling as she stood there naked in the centre of the room, hands on her hips.

"See you at the office," he replied with a wink, before leaving to head there himself.