 When I came to, it was sometime before dawn. Outside, light was just starting to sneak into the sky, changing it from infinite black to a deep purple. I'd been asleep for maybe four hours, and somewhere in that time my cock had softened and slipped from Jo, most likely when she had rolled away from me. I smiled as I looked at her in the darkness, her breathing soft and even, her hair messy with sleep and sex. Peering back over my shoulder, I could see Amber, sleeping peacefully, her soft blonde hair spread across a pillow, her chest rising and falling, creating a gentle rustling sound as the thin chain still connected to her nipples moved with her breath.

As gently as I could, I reached out and slowly freed the tiny clamps from Amber's small, still-hard nipples. She moaned softly and shifted in her sleep, unconsciously rubbing her fingers across the most likely aching tips. I figured the girls would be asleep for a few more hours, but I knew I wouldn't be getting back to sleep any time soon. I carefully pulled myself from between the girls and stood, stretching beside the bed. The bathroom was blessedly close and I walked to it, flipping on the shower and stepping to the toilet to relieve the pressure that had built up in my bladder while I slept.

The hot shower was incredible, the water washing away the sweat of my exertions the day before, relaxing muscles that had experienced wonderful over-use. I scrubbed myself clean slowly, enjoying my shower, and when I shut off the water and stepped out to grab my towel I grinned.

Amber was perched daintily on the toilet, still naked and smiling back at me as she reached behind herself to flush.

"Figured I'd wait until you were out to flush just in case your plumbing is anything like mine," she said, her smile brightening.

"Thanks," I said, pulling my towel from the rack by the shower. My cock stirred ever so slightly at the sight of her slim body as she stretched, her breasts pushing forward. Her still-hard nipples poked out towards me, and her smile deepened further as she caught me looking.

"Mmm," she groaned, dropping her arms from over her head. One hand landed in her lap, the other landed on my hip. She pulled me toward her and leaned forward. "I was hoping maybe I could get another good, rough fuck before I head home."

Amber spread her legs as she leaned forward, her free hand slipping lower and gliding across her pussy. She moaned, her mouth so close I felt her breath on my cock as it stiffened against her cheek. I felt her smile against my cock and it twitched, pulsing against the side of her face.

"I loved what you and your girlfriend did to me last night. Every second of it. I love being used, being so slutty and fucked like a toy. Use me again. Use me like your toy before I leave," she whispered against my shaft, the movement of her lips on my cock and the words driving me to full hardness.

I reached down and tangled my fingers in her hair, pulling sharply back, turning her face up so I could look in her eyes. She gasped as I pulled, her mouth opening in a combination of surprise and hopeful lust. I took the opportunity to push my cock into her mouth, feeding her my length, pressing her head forward as she swallowed my hardness. The tip of my shaft bumped against the back of her throat and she moaned, her hand working faster on her pussy as I pushed myself against her throat.

I pushed harder and my entire length disappeared in her throat, causing her to gag and cough around my shaft, her face and neck reddening. Her hands grasped my hips, clawing against me, pulling me in, trying to shove me deeper even as my cock blocked the air to her lungs. Her toes curled and her knees came together as I let go of her head, but she kept pushing herself down, holding my cock in her throat, gagging slightly, small sounds of choking coming from her lips wrapped tightly around the base of my shaft.

Her fingers clawed more weakly at my sides and her eyes began to roll back in her head. I felt her body start to go limp as she began to pass out and slide from the toilet. I pulled my cock from her throat and caught her, hauling her up with my hands under her shoulders as she gasped and gulped in greedy lungfuls of air. I spun her around and she caught herself on the sink, her palms flat against the porcelain and her legs apart, her knees slightly buckled.

I stepped behind her and used one hand to guide my cock to her pussy, finding it shockingly wet and burying myself in her with one hard thrust that pushed her hips into the sink.

"Aaah! Oh fuck, yes!" she screamed, her knees buckling again as I grabbed a handful of her hair, wrapping my other arm around her waist and using my handholds to pull her back onto my cock as hard as I could. The young blonde shook as she came, her pussy clenching around me, her eyes wide and her hands white-knuckled on the sink, crying out with each fast breath. From the corner of my eye, I saw Jo stir on the bed, and I smiled to myself.

I pulled my cock from Amber's shaking pussy and pushed her away from the sink, back into the bedroom.

"Lick her pussy," I said as I pushed the young blonde girl toward Jo, who was just opening her eyes. "Lick her while I fuck you."

Jo's eyes widened and then her wicked little grin returned as she realized what was happening and spread her slender legs wide, beckoning Amber forward with one finger and licking her lips. Amber moaned and crawled across the bed, burying her face in Jo's pussy, offering her dripping wetness to me from all fours. Jo blew me a kiss as I knelt behind our young blonde toy and winked at me.

As I slid my cock inside Amber's tight little body once more, Jo handed me the butt plug I'd bought her and squeezed my hand before laying back with a moan to enjoy the lovely things happening to her pussy. I grinned and reached down, pushing gently until the plug slipped into Amber's ass, and felt her deep moan vibrate through her body and around my cock. Amber moaned and gasped into Jo's open, wet pussy as I slammed my cock into her over and over, her body shaking and her hands trembling with lust and pleasure as she slipped two fingers into Jo.

"Oh, fuck!" moaned Jo. "You like that? You like fingering me while my man shoves his cock in your slutty little pussy? Uhhhnn.... Fucking lick my clit and make me cum on your tongue!" Jo placed her hand on the back of the young blonde's head, holding her in place while she swirled her tongue around Jo's clit and pumped her fingers in and out. Jo threw her head back and arched, pushing her perfect pale breasts with their hard little nipples out toward me as she came on Amber's fingers.

Our little blonde toy moaned and her arm moved even faster as she fucked her fingers in and out of Jo's convulsing pussy. I slammed my cock into her again and again, my pelvis driving the plug into her ass with each thrust. As Jo's orgasm ended, Amber's began. Her breath stopped and her pussy clamped around my cock as she shook, a deep flush starting somewhere I couldn't see and spreading out, emerging from under her hair and flashing down her back. Her pussy grasped at me, trying to hold me as I plunged into her over and over, driving through her orgasm even when it felt like her sex was trying to turn itself inside out around me.

As Jo cried out and called her taunting commands to her, I felt Amber's pussy clench down on my cock and she came hard, her whole body jerking and spasming on the bed, the hand fingering Jo losing it's rhythm. Jo began to roll her hips sexily, continuing what Amber wasn't able to and bringing herself to her own wracking orgasm as she stared me in the eyes over the back of our young blonde toy. She licked her lips as she came, pinching her nipple and twisting it lightly between her fingers.

"Cum in her, baby. Cum in Amber's naughty little pussy, fill her up, baby," she moaned to me.

The sight of Jo grinding herself into Amber's tongue, her fingers on her nipples, the look of total lust in her eyes all sent me over the edge. I slammed my cock as deep into Amber as I could and came, jet after jet of cum against the back of the young blonde's tight, convulsing pussy. As I came, I felt Amber's pussy clench even harder, felt her tremble as her orgasm renewed and she came again and again, collapsing across Jo's lap, falling away from my twitching and still-hard cock.

I fell forward. catching myself on shaky arms, my head level with Jo's soft, perfect breasts. She grabbed my shoulders and pulled me up, her lips coming to mine in and urgent and deep kiss, wrapping her free leg around my waist and pulling, wanting me wrapped up in her. I shuffled my legs over Amber's and used my knee to gently push her aside as I lay forward, covering Jo with my body as we kissed. Jo's tongue swirled around mine and she reached lower, gripping my hard, still-wet cock and pulling me closer.

"That was so fucking sexy, baby," she whispered into my lips. "Fuck me. Please, baby, fuck me." Jo lined my cock up with her soaking pussy and kept pulling until the head was just inside. I smiled down at her, and kissed her again, my tongue sliding across hers as I felt her arms circle my neck and her one free leg pull at my waist. I slammed my hips forward, burying my entire length in her pussy in one quick, hard thrust as she screamed in my mouth.

Jo's pussy held me fast, pulsing around me. She whispered nonsense against my lips as she came around me, her leg holding me tightly in place, deep inside her. I began to thrust slowly, pulling almost all the way out before pushing back in, inch by inch. Jo's hands held my face, my lips close to hers, our eyes locked as we slowly fucked, grinding our bodies together at the bottom of each thrust.

I felt Jo's other leg wrap around me, somewhere in the back of my mind registering that Amber had moved, left the bed, but it didn't matter just then. All that mattered was Jo, her pussy clenched around me, her lips against mine as we moved with each other, straining together. I don't know how long we stayed that way, clutching each other, my cock deep inside her, pushing as far in as it could go, her pussy tight around me, pulsing, milking, arms around each other, lost in each other's bodies. I know that when I came, I came hard, deep inside Jo, her own orgasm crashing into her as her lips moved against mine.

We rested against each other for a few moments, our sweaty bodies still wrapped around each other, our foreheads touching, eyes closed, breathing heavily. Jo smiled and kissed me on the tip of my nose, her eyes opening and shining.

"We need a shower," she said. She was right. Between Amber and her, I had effectively ruined my earlier bathing, and Jo hadn't gotten the opportunity since yesterday.

We untangled ourselves slowly, both of us gasping as my cock withdrew and her pussy gave me one last squeeze before I slipped out of her. Looking around, we realized that Amber had left, excusing herself during our fucking, leaving behind only the nipple clamps and a post-it note that she had scrounged from my desk that had a phone number scribbled on it.

"I think we made an impression," Jo laughed. 

"Apparently," I replied. I slipped my arm around Jo's waist and pulled her in for a kiss. "Come on, let's shower and go get something to eat."

"Thank God," Jo replied. I smiled as she pulled away and I got to watch her perfect ass move into the bathroom.

It had been one hell of a morning.