 "We're doing what?" I asked, incredulous as I rolled off the bed and followed Jo's incredible ass back into the hallway. She swayed her hips as she walked, looking back over her shoulder to make sure I was enjoying the show. My still-bobbing cock told her what she wanted to know, and she smiled.

"We're going porn shopping," she said. "Right now." She bent at the waist to pick up her dress from where I had left it in front of the door and I stepped up behind her, sliding my cock back into her tight, soaked pussy.

"What for? We seem to have plenty of fun lined up here," I said. I gripped her hips and backed out almost all the way until just the tip of my cock was inside her, then slowly pushed it back in, all the way to my balls. She groaned and raised back up, her back arched, wrapping her arms around my neck, the soft knit of her dress brushing lightly across my back and shoulders.

"So you can cum in my pussy," she said, turning her face to mine and flicking her tongue across my lips, "while the porno shop girl sits on my face." Jo released my neck and stepped forward, my drenched cock pulling free and waving wetly in the air for the second time in two minutes.

"Wow," I said. I really couldn't think of anything else to say for a few minutes. Jo slipped her dress around her shoulders and zipped it up slowly, leaving a generous amount of cleavage exposed and cocking her head to the side.

"Are you gonna put on pants, or are you going like that?" she asked, grinning at me again.

"Right!" I said, and turned back to the bedroom, snatching up a dark pair of cargo shorts and a plain white tee, tugging the shorts up and stepping into a pair of flip-flops before heading back to Jo. I tugged the shirt over my head and opened the door for her, giving her ass a gentle slap as she passed me.

"Oh, I hope she likes anal!" Jo said as we started down the stairs. "I want to lick her pussy while you fuck her ass."

I stopped for a second and watched her walk, shaking my head in wonder. My life had become very interesting very quickly.

The drive to the porno shop took about five minutes, and when we pulled up into the parking lot, Jo turned to look at me.

"Ok, two things: first, we're not doing this every night. I'm cool enough to want to have a threesome every now and then, but jealous enough that I'll be pissed if I don't get your cock to myself most of the time. Second, I'm gonna go in first, see if she's into girls." She leaned in and kissed me quickly, then sat back and looked me in the eye. "Work for you?"

"Absolutely," I said, nodding sincerely.

"Good," she said. Jo leaned back from me and dropped her zipper a bit farther, level with the bottoms of her breasts. She looked at me sideways, grinned and span around on her ass, pulling her legs back and apart, exposing her smooth little pussy to me. "Kiss for luck?"

I laughed and leaned forward, taking in her scent and running my tongue once between her lips, scooping her juice into my mouth and flicking my tongue across her clit. I pushed her thighs up and swirled around her hot, puckered ass, smiling as she giggled.

"Thanks," she said as I raised back up. Jo popped her door open, winked at me and stepped out of the car, wiggling her ass as she went. I watched her go, grinning and adjusting my throbbing cock in my shorts, then settled in to wait.

-This section was told to me later, by Jo-

I walked away from the car, crossing my legs with each step to give you a good show and headed for the door, my pussy tingling as I thought about what I hoped was to come and I felt the cool air blow across your spit on my asshole. I looked around the parking lot quickly, realizing that no one else was parked here, and lowered the zipper on my dress a little farther, about halfway to my navel.

My nipples were already straining against the knit as I pushed the door open and cool air splashed across me, hardening them even more. The girl behind the counter turned to greet me and my clit throbbed.

She was hot. Long, straight blonde hair, light, natural-looking tan, soft green eyes and full, pouty lips that I desperately hoped would soon be wrapped around my clit. She smiled as I walked up to the counter and handed her my ID. She looked at the picture, then up at my face. Her eyes dropped to my tits and she grinned, waving me through.

I smiled back, and made sure she saw me glance down at her tightly covered chest, straining against her work shirt, check out her ass encased in black jeans and scan her legs running down to her off-white, retro pumps and quickly lick my lips before stepping through the little gate and into the store. Her eyes followed me as I walked slowly to the toy section, swaying my hips a little for her benefit.

"Let me know if you need help with anything," she called.

"Thanks, I will," I said, looking over my shoulder and smiling at her, throwing in a wink for good measure. She grinned broadly, and I noticed her nipples now standing out against her tight polo. I walked into the toy section and looked around for a minute or two, wondering how to get her over there when I noticed a long chain with a small clip at either end and suddenly knew exactly what to do.

"Excuse me," I called, peeking my head around the corner. "Can you explain something to me?"

She looked up from the book she was reading, set it down and came around the counter.

"Sure," she said, walking closer. I watched her come, staring at her tits and checking out her hips as she got closer. When I looked up to her eyes, she was watching my face and grinning broadly, with just a slight blush. "What's your question?"

"What are these?" I asked, holding up the chain. I knew perfectly well they were nipple clips, but in my defense, I'd never seen this particular type before. The clips were circular loops of soft wire with two small handles on the bottom.

"Oh!" she exclaimed, taking the chain from me. "They're nipple clips! You just put the loops on your nipples, and they pinch them lightly for you. Plus when you move around the chain makes them tug."

"How do they stay on though? They just look like hoops to me," I said.

"Oh, when you squeeze here, they open a little, see?" She demonstrated the squeezing motion, opening the hoops a little. I put on my best doubtful face.

"I'm still not totally getting this," I said. I summoned up my courage. "Could you, maybe, um, show me?" I reached up and grabbed the tab of my zipper, looking at her questioningly.

She looked at my hand, then up to my face and nodded eagerly. I smiled at her, and pulled the zipper down to my navel, opening my dress and exposing my tits to her. She stared for a second, then moved forward and reached out, squeezing the little handles and fitting the hoop around my nipple. I gasped as her fingers brushed my breast and smiled when she looked up, nodding encouragement. She smiled back and let go of the handles, gentle pressure pinching my nipple as she moved to the other one and repeated the process, this time growing bolder as her fingers brushed my soft round breast. I moaned as she let go, feeling wonderful pressure in both nipples.

"Ooh, that's nice," I groaned. I pushed my tits out toward her and arched my back a little.

"Try shaking them around a little. Get that chain moving! It'll feel great," she said, eagerly watching every move of my tits. I obliged, jiggling my tits slowly, enjoying the tug from the chain as I moved. "It makes them a lot more sensitive, too," she said. Before I totally realized what she was doing, she reached out and ran a fingertip around my pinched nipple, making me moan as little sparks of pleasure ran through me and straight into my pussy.

"That's amazing," I said. "How do I get them off?"

She smiled and moved her fingers down, squeezing the handles again and pulling the hoop off painlessly.

"Just like that," she said, smiling brightly. Her own nipples strained against her shirt.

"Can I try?" I asked, reaching out and taking the little hoop from her hand. I stepped closer, moving my hands toward the hem of her polo. Her eyes widened as she realized what I wanted, and she smiled naughtily.

"Sure," she said, and peeled her polo and bra off over her head in one smooth motion. Her breasts were amazing, small, perky and perfectly round, with small, beautiful little nipples poking out like miniature erasers from perfect areolas that were almost the same color as the rest of her breast. I gasped and instinctively cupped one, running my fingers lightly around the smooth, hot skin.

She moaned and stepped a little closer, pushing her breast into my hand.

"Go ahead," she whispered. I smiled at her and slipped the hoop over her hard little nipple, feeling the chain jiggle and tug at me own as I moved. She gasped as it pinched down and grinned as I straightened, causing the chain to jiggle even more. "See, super easy," she said.

"Yeah," I said. "That's wonderful." I kept my hand on her breast, gently stroking the soft skin, lightly squeezing. "You said it makes your nipples more sensitive, too, right?" I asked.

She grinned and nodded, pushing her breast a little farther into my hand, encouraging me. I smiled and winked at her, then dropped my head down quickly and trapped her nipple between my lips, flicking my tongue across the tip and hearing her moan as her hand cupped the back of my head. I let my free hand trail up her side to cup her other breast, gently pinching the nipple between my fingers as I suckled and nibbled.

I felt her hands reach out and cup my tits, her own fingers busy on my nipples and groaned into her chest, unconsciously spreading my feet farther apart and biting down on her little nipple. I straightened up and she attacked my tits, her hungry little mouth pulling in my hard, pinched nipple, her free hand twisting the other. She dragged the whole length of her tongue across my tip and twisted with her fingers. I gasped and caught the chain between my fingers, giving a gentle tug and felt her moan on my tit.

"Mmm," I moaned, and gently pulled her up from my nipple. I stepped close, pressing our breasts together as my arms went around her neck. I spoke with my lips nearly touching hers. "I came in here to get my boyfriend a present for our anniversary," I lied, " and I think I'd like to give him you."

"Oh really?" she whispered back. "That could be fun."

I brushed my lips across hers, smiling and flicking my tongue out across them. "I think so too." I kissed her, my tongue sliding into her mouth as I dropped my hands down to cup her tight little ass and pull her into me, our breasts pushing together. She moaned into my mouth and her hands found my ass, copying my motion.

"Let me call him," I whispered. "He drove me here, he's waiting in the car. Let me call him in here. Let's greet him like this, with our tits chained together, let him see the sexy little present I found for him, watch his cock get hard for us while we play with each other's nipples. Maybe even-" I slid my hand slowly down the front of her pants, slipping under her soft panties and across close-shaved skin, my fingers brushed across her clit and I rubbed a slow circle.

"Yes," she moaned. I slipped my finger into her, swirling it inside her before pulling it slowly out. I fished my cell phone from the little pocket knitted into the side of my dress and dialed, kissing her deeply while it rang. I heard you pick up on the other end.

-I'll take it from here-

"Hello?" I said, having pulled my phone from the pocket of my shorts.

"Hey baby," came Jo's voice. "Come in! I think I found us the perfect little toy." I heard her giggle as she said it, and wondered what she was up to.

"I'll be right in," I said, and ended the call. I stepped out of the car and walked to the door, my cock mostly softened during the wait. I pushed the door open and scanned the interior, noting that Amber was not behind the counter as I had expected. My eyes moved around the room and alighted on a sight that dropped my jaw.

Jo and Amber stood hip-to-hip, a slender chain connecting Jo's right nipple to Amber's left. The shop girl was naked from the waist up, and Jo had unzipped her dress down to her pelvis. As I watched, Jo's hand slid up and cupped Amber's breast, gently squeezing the supple flesh. Amber stared at me in surprise and delight, looking me in the eye and licking her lips. I looked to Jo, who laughed at my expression.

"What do you think, baby?" Jo asked. "I think I found what we should take home and play with, don't you? Why don't you come see if she's as good as I think she is." As she spoke, Jo's hand trailed down and her nimble fingers popped the button on Amber's jeans and tugged the zipper down with quick, efficient movements.

I walked up to them, my eyes boring into first Jo's, then Amber's. My arm slipped around Jo's waist and she bent her head back, reaching up to plant a kiss on my throat and whispering loudly into my neck, "Slide you hand in her panties, baby. She's so wet. I want to watch her face while you fuck her with your fingers."

Amber moaned and rolled her hips forward, sucking in her already flat little stomach, presenting herself to me as I stepped closer, my left hand cupping Jo's ass and slid my right into her panties. Heat radiated from her sex as my fingers slid lower over her smooth mound and she groaned as they brushed past her clit. Her panties were damp from her wetness as my fingers curled and slipped inside her tight little pussy, her breath caught in her throat and I felt her hand cover mine on Jo's ass, her free hand coming up to grasp the back of my neck and squeeze.

"That's so fucking hot," Jo moaned, and her lips found Amber's as her fingers gripped my cock through my shorts. "We need to either lock the door or get the fuck out of here," she mumbled. "I want to choke on your cock after you fuck her little pussy."

Amber moaned and came on my fingers at Jo's declaration.

"Oh god, please choke me with your cock, too. Shove it down my throat after you make your girlfriend cum on it." Amber's legs shook as she spoke, her voice quavering. She gripped my neck tight, holding herself up as her orgasm tore through her and she buried her face in Jo's neck, whimpering and moaning as I let her come down, slowly pulling my hand from her panties. "Fuck me," she whispered. "I'll lock up, just take me anywhere, right now, please."

"Done deal!" Jo exclaimed happily. She unclipped the chain from her nipple and attached the other end to Amber's unoccupied breast, giving a gentle pinch. She stepped back and looked at Amber, a thoughtful expression on her face. "Hmm," she hummed.

Jo's eyes darted around for a moment before her wicked grin returned and she walked to one of the racks, returning a moment later with a short little schoolgirl skirt. She opened it, wrapped it around Amber's waist, and pulled the girl's jeans and panties down in a quick motion. Amber kicked off her rockabilly heels and stepped out of her pants before slipping the shoes back on.

"I want your pussy to be easy to get to," Jo whispered in her ear, and Amber shivered, the chain between her nipples jangling with the motion. Jo gathered up Amber's clothes, folding the jeans and panties neatly and laying her shirt and bra over the top.

"I'll grab my keys," Amber said, and practically sprinted behind the counter, the chain tinkling the whole way. She grabbed her purse and keys, stepping around the counter and reaching to take her shirt from Jo.

"I think we should just walk to the car like this," Jo said, gesturing at her own exposed tits. "Let's see if we cause any accidents between here and there," she added, her wicked little grin broader than ever.

Amber returned the grin full-force, and my cock twitched as the two girls looped their arms through mine. We walked out the door, me with a massive erection straining against my shorts, the girls with their gorgeous breasts exposed to the world, nipples hard and proud. Amber flicked the lights off and locked the door behind us, barely losing a step as we walked slowly to the car.

"You drive," Jo said. The keys were already in the ignition. I opened the driver's side door, and Jo hopped in, scooting all the way over. Amber followed, and I slid in last, situating myself behind the wheel. As soon as the door closed, Jo slid closer to Amber and her hand dived between the blond girl's thighs, working her pussy with her long, slender fingers.

"Suck his cock," Jo whispered into Amber's ear. "Suck the cock I'm gonna make you cum on."

Amber groaned, dropping her head in my lap as her hands tore my zipper open. She struggled to pull out my cock, so hard and throbbing, and gasped as her hand closed around it.

"Nice, right?" Jo asked, her fingers still busy under Amber's skirt.

"Fuck yes," whispered Amber, her eyes wide as she stroked my cock.

I started the car and threw it in reverse, backing out and pulling onto the road, driving as fast as I dared toward my apartment, eager to get these girls home. Amber's wet little mouth plunged down over my cock, her tongue eagerly stroking along the shaft as her lips glided downward. I grunted as she stroked my balls with her fingertips and pushed as much of my cock as she could take down her throat.

Jo shifted in the seat, taking advantage of the huge bench seat in her ancient Oldsmobile, and dropped her head between Amber's thighs. I felt a moan travel the length of my cock as Jo's mouth went to work, and heard, "Oh, baby, she tastes so good," from the shop girls crotch.

I made the five minute drive in under three, the car filled with the sounds of slurping, sucking and moaning the entire time. I tore into a parking space and slapped the car into reverse, killing the engine the moment we were stopped. I clapped my hand on the back of Amber's head and pushed, forcing my cock a little deeper into her throat, feeling her gag on it and moan as she came on Jo's tongue.

Jo sat up as the girl shook through her orgasm, zipping up her dress and grabbing the polo from the dashboard. I let up the pressure on Amber's head and she came up gasping, her arms snaking around my neck and pulling my lips to hers for a deep, wet kiss.

"Let's go upstairs," Jo said, her wicked grin still plastered on her wet lips. Amber nodded and tugged her shirt on as I crammed my cock back into my shorts. We piled out of the car and speed-walked to my building, Amber's skirt bouncing with each step, flashing glimpses of her tan little ass.

We tore open the door and started up the stairs, Jo reaching up suddenly and snatching away Amber's skirt, the young blonde not even slowing as she completed the flight nude from the waist down, her ass bouncing firmly with each step. I opened the apartment door and pulled Amber and Jo inside, their arms immediately going around each other and their mouths meeting, moans escaping around searching tongues. I pushed the door closed as Jo reached for me, catching my hand and pulling me to them, folding me in with them as they kissed and Jo's hands went to work, one slipping down and gliding fingers into Amber's pussy, the other popping my shorts open and shoving them down, grasping my cock and pumping.

Amber pulled Jo's zipper open and I pulled the dress off her shoulders, her hands losing contact for a moment as the light garment fell to the floor and she stood in nothing but her strappy heels. Together, Jo and I peeled Amber's polo off, and the girls stripped my tee.

I reached around Jo's waist and cupped her ass, sliding my fingers low and in until my middle finger brushed across her tight little hole. I pulled my hand back, popped the finger in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it before replacing it and pushing it slowly in. Jo moaned into Amber's mouth, her hips rocking back into my hand. She never lost a beat on my cock or Amber's pussy, her hands moving rhythmically as she stroked us both.
