 Jo was in the bathroom for about ten minutes, presumably doing the same thing I was trying to do with the hand sanitizer wipes behind the counter: make it look like we hadn't just been fucking.

I wiped as much of the saliva and cum from the front of my shorts as I could, succeeding mostly in simply making it look like I had spilled something all over my crotch. In hindsight, khaki may not have been the best choice for the evening. Fortunately, I had a long t-shirt in my bag, and ran to the break room to put it on. It was just long enough to cover most of the wet spot in my shorts, and if I just stayed behind the counter for an hour or so I would probably be alright.

I met Jo exiting the women's restroom as I walked out of the break room and smiled. She had cleaned up a whole lot better than I had, the dark color of her tiny skirt hiding any wetness, and she had fixed her ponytail and makeup. Even I couldn't tell that just a few minutes before she had been choking on my cock while she came hard on my fingers. The thought made my cock twitch.

Jo smiled as she caught the motion in my shorts and lightly brushed her fingers across what was rapidly becoming a fully-fledged erection. She stepped closer, her breasts just touching my chest as she softly stroked my cock through the thin material.

"Hard again, I see," she said through her smile.

"Can you blame me?"

I stepped into her, pushing her back against the wall beside the break room door, my hand dropping low, my fingers stroking against her pusssy.

"Wet again, I see," I said. Jo moaned as I slipped my finger into her, feeling her body tremble between me and the wall.

"Can you blame me?" she breathed.

Her hand flew away from my cock as the door chimed, and I pushed her harder against the wall and slipped a second finger inside her, pushing them as far into her as I could reach.

"No," I whispered in her ear before pulling my hand free and turning, stepping out to greet the customer as she caught her breath against the wall.

A college kid and his girlfriend had walked in and they browsed the DVDs as I busied myself behind the register. Jo stepped out from the break room/restroom alcove and came up next to me, picking up some DVDs from the return box and flipping through them.

"Dirty fucker," she said. When I looked up, she was looking down at the DVDs, smiling. Her eyes twinkled with amusement, and she stuck her tongue out in my direction as I watched her. "Payback on that little stunt is gonna be a bitch, I hope you realize that."

"Oh, I'm looking forward to it," I replied with a grin. I looked up quickly to check where the young couple was in the store, then stepped slightly sideways toward Jo. "That," I continued, slipping my hand under her ass and curling a finger up and into her pussy, "and making you cum all over my cock again."

Jo giggled and moaned softly, grinding her hips back into my hand as we both watched for the couple. I moved my finger in and out quickly, the quiet sound of her wetness just audible as I frigged her. She gripped the DVDs, her task abandoned for the moment as she gave in to my hand.

I felt her pussy quiver around my fingers and knew she would cum soon. The young couple nodded to each other, their conversation lost over the expanse of the store, and the guy grabbed one of the new releases. Jo's pussy clamped down on my finger and her eyes closed as she started cumming, either forgetting about the young couple or just not caring. They started towards us as I jammed my finger to the knuckle in Jo before pulling it out of her still cumming cunt.

Jo's head dropped down and she backed up from the counter, her legs shaking and her grip too loose to hold the DVDs. They spilled everywhere, scattering across the floor behind the counter.

"Shit!" she called out, and gave in to her shaking legs, collapsing to her knees and hiding herself from the customers while she recovered.

"Find everything alright?" I called out as the couple approached the counter.

"Yeah." As the kid responded and handed the DVD over the counter, I felt Jo's hands on my zipper, deftly pulling it down and fishing out my rapidly inflating cock. Her hands began to stroke my length as I cleared my throat and tapped the keyboard to wake up the computer.

"Phone number?" I asked. As the guy rattled off some digits I felt Jo's lips close over the head of my cock and slide down the length. Her tongue slid across the underside of the shaft as I waited for the kid's account to load and I nearly groaned aloud.

I coughed and shifted a bit, using the motion to force my cock farther down Jo's throat.

"There's a three dollar late fee. Would you like to pay that now, or hold it over until next time?" Jo shifted, going from her knees to a crouch smoothly, never losing stride as she sucked my cock, dropping one of her hands to her pussy and shoving two fingers inside.

"I'll pay now," he said, and handed me his debit card.

"Total is six-fifty," I replied, swiping the card, swaying my body slightly as I did, allowing me to pull out of Jo's mouth a bit and then thrust back in, the swollen head of my cock bumping against the back of her throat. I handed him a pen.

The register spit out a receipt, and I handed him that as well, pulling off a second as he signed. I thanked him for his patronage and handed him his copy.

"Jo, would you mind handing them their DVD?" I asked, taking the movie and holding it below the counter and off to the side so it would look like she wasn't crouched in front of me with my cock jammed down her throat.

She pulled off quickly, using her finger to push a bit of saliva back into her mouth.

"No problem!" she said, and grabbed the DVD from my hand, scooting over a bit before standing and walking to the side of the counter on the other side of the anti-theft device and holding out the movie. "It's due back on Tuesday," she added cheerily.

The couple thanked her, the girl grabbing the DVD as they walked out of the store. Jo stayed at that part of the counter as the door swung shut and I stepped up behind her, throwing her skirt up over her ass and guiding my cock into her soaked pussy before the couple had even cleared the second set of doors.

"Oh Jesus!" she gasped. Her hands reached behind her, clamping onto my hips and pulling, dragging me deeper into her, her ass grinding back against me as she tried desperately to get as much of my cock as possible inside. "Make me cum on your cock again!"

I groaned in her ear and wrapped my arm around her waist, my hand finding her clit and rubbing hard as I fucked into her, my other hand circling her chest, sliding up under her shirt to pinch her nipple and pull her up until her back was pressed to my chest. I bit her softly on the back of her neck, hearing her moan as my cock plunged in and out and I enjoyed the incredibly sight of my length disappearing insider her, the perfect shape of her ass bouncing against my pelvis. One of Jo's hands released my hip and captured the back of my neck, turning my face to her and she kissed me, biting gently at my lower lip as I fucked her hard.

"I'm gonna cum," she whispered into my mouth. I pounded harder, feeling and hearing her deep moan against my lips, the tight vice of her pussy clenching against my cock, her hand gripping the back of my neck. I stared into her eyes and she stared back, never breaking eye contact as her orgasm caught her, pulled her into nowhere, made her legs shake and her pussy clamp down on my cock. "Oh fuck," she cried, her eyes still boring into mine as she came hard, her legs giving out, held up by my arms. I pounded into her through her orgasm, my fingers fanning against her clit and pinching her nipple, twisting it and pulling gently.

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck," she groaned. Jo's eyes lost focus, half closing as she fought to keep looking into mine, her breath caught, her face flushed and veins stood out on her neck as her orgasm continued to tear through her.

I slowed my pace, lessening the pressure on her clit and working my cock in and out almost gently, letting her recover. Her legs came back slowly, straightening shakily to hold her up again and I loosened my grip on her, letting her fall forward across the counter, gripping her hips and looking down to once more revel in the sight of my cock pumping in and out of her. She moaned again, her arms cradling her head as she enjoyed the sensation of a slow fuck, her breath almost back to normal.

She pushed herself off the counter and looked back at me over her shoulder, grinning as I fucked her.

"This job is turning out way better than I expected," she joked, grinding her ass back into my thrust, burying my cock inside her and reaching back to catch my hip, holding me deep. "I think you should lay down," she said, biting her lip.

I grinned at her and pulled out, backing up a bit and lying flat on my back. Jo turned and walked toward me, her wicked smile back again, her eyes going from mine to my throbbing cock, wet and glistening with her cum. She stepped over me, one foot on either side and lowered, crouching over me, one hand gripping my cock. She leaned back, using her free hand to support herself as she lowered, placing the head of my cock against her slick pussy lips, grinding up and down on it. She moaned as the head of my cock slid against her clit and raised up, pulling my cock back. And back.

She pulled it back farther than I expected, pulling the tip against her ass and sinking her weight on it, pushing the head in before I really realized what was happening. She gasped as she invaded herself, pushed my hard cock slowly up her own ass. 

"Mmm, fuck," she whispered as she sank lower and lower. The contrast to her pussy was amazing. I felt the tight ring of her ass glide lower and lower, the perfectly smooth inside of her gliding effortlessly along my cum-slicked cock. "You wanna cum in my ass?" 

I groaned and thrust my hips upward, pushing even more of my cock into her. She gasped and grinned, rotating her hips, swirling my cock in her asshole.

"I'll take that as a yes," she laughed. Her weight settled fully on my hips, my cock buried completely inside her tight, hot ass. Jo leaned forward, her hands on my chest and began to rock, gently and first, then picking up speed as she grew accustomed to the feeling my thick cock in her ass.

I licked my thumb and slipped it between us, sliding it under her clit so that she ground against it as she moved, gasping at the contact. She smiled at me and closed her eyes, her hands sliding up, pulling the hem of her tank top with, freeing her gorgeous breasts. They jiggled as she rocked, their soft firmness tantalizing and inviting. I cupped one with my free hand, squeezing and lightly pinching the nipple.

Jo began to rock more urgently, lifting as she rocked, my cock slipping out a bit and plunging back in with each movement. She moaned and her hands gripped my chest more tightly, her eyes opening and finding mine.

"Cum with me," she groaned. "Cum in my ass, Carl. Cum in my ass when I cum. I'm gonna come soon. Are you ready?"

I nodded as the sensations built in my cock, my hips rising to meet each downward stroke of her hips, my thumb busily stroking her clit. Jo's weight dropped, burying me inside her as she rolled her hips again and again, grinding my cock deeper in her ass. I groaned as my own orgasm neared, speeding my thumb against her swollen little nub.

She cried out and began to cum, her movements becoming jerky as she fucked against my cock, dropping to my chest, her hands cupping my face as she came. I grunted and thrust upward, burying my cock as deeply in her ass as I could and came hard, spraying into her.

"Oh fuck! I can feel you cumming in my ass! Oh, god!" Jo cried out into my mouth as she captured my lips with hers, her tongue and mine gliding against each other.

I gripped her ass with both hands, holding her against me as my orgasm subsided and we made out slowly, focusing only on each other's lips as we both came down. She moved her hips slightly as we kissed, gently pushing me in and out of her ass, a much reduced repeat of what we had just done.

"I need to go to the bathroom again," Jo said, smiling against my lips.

"Uh huh. That makes two of us." We laughed and Jo raised back upright, pulling her legs up and crouching again. She grinned and winked at me as she clenched her sphincter around my cock, raising slowly, both pulling and pushing me out of her. I groaned at the sensation and watched her ass leave my cock, the tight ring practically kissing my tip as she stood and straightened her legs. Not a drop of cum escaped.

"I'm impressed," I said as I sat up, bringing myself eye-level with her smooth pussy. On impulse, I leaned forward and ran my tongue quickly through the folds, flicking it off her clit and she jumped, laughing.

"Oh, no you don't! Do not start something you're not ready to finish!" She laughed and backed up quickly, playfully swatting the top of my head as she turned and walked sexily toward the bathroom, adjusting her skirt as she went. I whistled at her and she laughed again, looking back over her shoulder to flash me a brilliant smile.

I grinned back and reached for the wipes again, not bothering to get off the floor until I'd had a chance to clean my cock and slip it back into my shorts. Once again, I had to cover a wet spot with my long t-shirt and once again Jo looked flawless when she came back out of the bathroom.

The last couple of hours passed relatively quickly, the two of us talking about our usual subjects and a few new ones. Every now and then, we would share a wink or a smile while dealing with the few customers that came in. There was no awkwardness, and no regret. We were the same as ever, just now we knew that we could have great sex when we were alone.

Closing time came, and we dealt with a last-minute rush. I counted the register while Jo cleaned, and we locked up together. As she headed toward her car, Jo paused, grinned to herself and grabbed my hand. She pulled me with her to her car and opened the door, then stood in the gap between the car and open door and faced me.

"So, I was thinking," she said.

"Ok," I replied, using my tone to encourage her to continue.

"I get out of class at noon on Wednesday, and I'm not sure I want to wait until Friday night to get your cock in me again," she replied.

"I'm comfortable with that," I said, grinning.

"So, what about maybe having me over Wednesday some time?" as she spoke, Jo's hands found my zipper again and fished my cock out. She sank to her knees, looking up at me, expecting an answer as her hands began to stroke me, jacking my cock in front of her lips.

"Well," I said, making a show of deciding and weighing my options. "I get done at one, and I won't have any homework because it's a lecture course. I had planned to while away the afternoon pretending to work on my thesis, but I think maybe I could fit you in for a few hours."

Jo smiled up at me, my cock bobbing in front of her mouth with each stroke of her soft hands.

"Good," she said, and plunged her lips down over my cock. I gasped as she took my whole length and gripped my ass, pulling me down her throat and pushing me back, fucking her throat with my cock. I grasped the back of her neck and took over, my hips thrusting me in and out of her mouth, freeing her to pull her tits out and begin furiously pumping fingers in and out of her pussy as she pinched her nipples and swallowed my length.

I fucked slowly in and out of her mouth, the head of my cock pressing deeper into the back of her throat with each thrust. Jo moaned each time my cock bumped her tonsils, the vibration traveling my whole length and her tongue reaching out to brush my balls. Her fingers worked inside her pussy and I looked down into her eyes, seeing her nipples appear and disappear with the bobbing of her head.

I groaned and squeezed the back of her neck, pushing myself as deep as I dared as my orgasm began, a deep pulsing in my balls. Jo felt it coming and pulled hard on my hips, pushing my cock deeper, past her tonsils, my cock thickening with my orgasm and trapping me in her throat as I began to spray cum past her throat, firing it deep into her as the sensation caused her to cum on her fingers, a muffled moan reverberating around my cock.

As the last drop of my cum jetted down her throat, Jo pulled back, air sucking in through her nose as my cock cleared her airway and she continued sucking me, wrapping her hand around my shaft and stroking slowly as her tongue swirled around the head. She sucked me gently as I softened and she came down from her own orgasm, reaching her fingers up to me and feeding me her juices, smiling around my cock as I licked her fingers clean.

Jo let my cock fall from her lips and pulled her fingers back, tucking me away and carefully zipping my shorts back up. She stood and planted a soft kiss on my lips, flicking her tongue briefly against mine.

"Text me Wednesday," she said, and plopped down in the seat of her ancient Oldsmobile, flashing her pussy at me as she settled behind the wheel.

"Definitely," I replied with a smile, and shut the door for her.

I was actually able to concentrate on my homework for a couple hours when I got home. I got a lot done before falling asleep and dreaming about Wednesday.

The next morning, I got up and went for a jog, then showered and cruised through class, the beginning of a plan forming in my mind. After class, I went to the library and googled the nearest adult book store. One thing I've learned is that nearly every college town has a place to buy adult novelties, and I was planning on benefitting for the first time.

I left the library and walked a few blocks to the bus stop. A short bus ride and another couple blocks' walking brought me to Bambi's Books and Novelties. I stepped inside, showed the girl behind the counter my ID, and began to look around.

I found a few items that caught my interest, and the rest of my plan took shape. I grabbed the things I wanted and took them to the counter. The girl smiled at me as I walked up, a smile which broadened as she saw my selection. She was quite pretty, actually, a young blonde, probably just eighteen, with a slender figure, small hips and apple-sized tits that were trapped under her slightly too tight polo.

"Damn, dude," she said, scanning the items. "Somebody's having a damn good night."

"That's what I'm hoping for," I said, smiling back at her.

"I have to check and make sure this one works before you buy it, if you don't mind," she said. She blushed slightly as she pulled some batteries out from under the counter and slotted them into one of my selections, clicking it on and off a couple of times before putting it back in the box. She left the batteries in and winked at me. "Free batteries for cute customers."

I laughed and thanked her, handing her my card. She took it and swiped it, handing me the receipt to sign. She pulled my copy and scribbled something on it before handing it to me.

"I work Monday through Friday after three if you need to return anything. Just call if you have any problems," she said, handing me my receipt. "Or if your night doesn't go as well as you're hoping," she added with a bright grin and a light blush.

"Thanks, I'll definitely call if anything comes up," I said, returning the grin.

She bagged up my items as I spoke and handed me the bag.

"Good," she said. "Have a good day!"

"You too," I said as I walked out the door.

I walked half a block before I unfolded the receipt and looked at what she wrote.

"Give me a call if your lady-friend doesn't like your picks! 555-0321 --Amber"

I chuckled to myself and stuffed the receipt in the bag, confident that Jo would actually love my picks.
