 Jo and I took our time in the shower that morning, washing each other and scrubbing away our sweat combined with Amber's. We had fun, laughing together and talking about classes, work, books, life. We kissed often, touched each other gently and softly. Jo borrowed my razor, made fun of my conditioner. 

After, we got dressed, me in a t-shirt and jeans, her in her knit dress and strappy sandals. As we walked out the door, Jo giggled and I turned to see her picking up Amber's panties and slipping them on with her wicked little grin. I smiled back at her and shook my head, swatting her ass playfully as she walked past. 

Breakfast was uneventful, really, but still a great time. We sat next to each other, my hand on her thigh, her arm wrapped around my shoulders in a booth. We talked and ate, enjoying the lazy morning we had before class. Neither of us was normally up so early, so breakfast together was something we could tell would be a rare thing.

We finished our food and walked to the parking lot, holding hands. When we got to her car, Jo turned to me and pulled me close. She looked up at me, chewing nervously on her full lower lip.

"What is it?" I asked. Nervous was something I didn't see on Jo often.

"I wanna try something," she said. My cock twitched, and she caught the movement. "Not something like that," she laughed, slapping me lightly on the chest.

"Oh," I said, only mildly disappointed. "What did you have in mind?"

"Okay. I have class all day, and a ton of homework for tonight. Same thing tomorrow, and it's the same story on your end, right?" She looked up for confirmation and I nodded. "So, I was thinking, what if, after class, I come by your place and we do our homework together?"

Jo looked up at me, back to chewing that lip, nervously waiting to see what I would say. She was, on some level, worried that I would think hanging out together casually was too much too soon. I smiled.

"Sounds like a lot better way to do homework than what I usually do," I said. Jo grinned and jumped into my arms, her lips locking onto mine and kissing me deeply. I held her off the ground and turned, pushing her back against the car and kissing her back. I let one hand slide down her back and cup her ass, squeezing it and feeling the lace of Amber's thong through Jo's soft knit dress.

"Whoa there, champ," Jo giggled, breaking away. "Let's not start anything we don't have time to finish."

I laughed and set her down, giving her ass one final squeeze.

"Probably a good call," I relented.

Jo drove me back to my place and we set up a time to meet back there. She left for her place with one last kiss, and from there it was all class and lectures. I had four classes on Thursdays, the first one starting at nine and the last one ending at five forty-five. I got back to my place around six, and Jo's giant Oldsmobile was parked outside, her leaning against the side in a tight pair of black jeans and a white spaghetti-strap tank top under a light leather jacket. She had an old army backpack slung over one shoulder and her hair was pulled back to show off the buzzed-down sides.

"Hey baby," she smiled and stepped up to kiss me. "Ready to study until we're cross-eyed and brain dead?"

I laughed and kissed her back.

"Let's do this," I said.

Jo walked up the stairs ahead of me and I enjoyed the view, watching her ass move back and forth. Her bag hung down to just above her pants, and I wondered briefly if she was holding the thing up on purpose. A quick glance up revealed that the answer was almost definitely an affirmative, as she was grinning back at me and watching me watch her ass.

I dug for my keys and fished them out as we hit the landing in front of my door.

"Did you bring your pajamas?" I asked.

"Oh!" Jo exclaimed. She put on a fake southern belle accent and continued, "Ah didn't ree-ah-laahze this was a sleepovah! All ah brought to weah is this." With that, she pulled up her tank top and flashed her perfect tits at me, laughing.

"Perfect! Your pajamas will match mine," I replied with a grin.

We studied for the better part of five hours, soaking up as much information as we could. We sprawled together on my couch, heads on opposite ends with our legs entertwined. Around eleven Jo yawned and stretched, untangling her legs from mine and standing up.

"I'm pooped and I have to pee," she announced. "Let's go to bed."

"Good idea," I said. "I have and eight o'clock."

"Ew!" Jo called over her shoulder as she made her way to the bathroom. "That's disgustingly early!"

I laughed and got off the couch, stretching out cramped muscles as I walked to the bedroom and stripped off my clothes, crawling into bed and scooting over closer to the wall, leaving a space for Jo to curl up next to me. As I settled in, the bathroom door opened and there stood Jo, stretching, her arms above her head, stark naked. The stretch pushed her gorgeous breasts outward and curved her body in sexy, pin-up kind of pose.

Jo walked over to the bed and climbed in, rolling and scooting so that her back pressed up against me and my rapidly hardening cock nestled between her ass cheeks. Jo rolled her hips, the motion sliding my cock back and forth through her ass and across her pussy lips. I felt the warmth of her, and the wetness of her.

Jo let out a soft moan as my cock brushed her clit, and she turned her head back toward me, reaching back to cup the back of my head and pull my lips to hers. We kissed softly, gently at first and I wrapped my arms around her, cupping her breasts and pulling her against me more tightly. I slipped one hand lower, down her soft, warm belly to where my cock nestled and slid up between her legs. Jo raised her thigh and moaned as my hand reached down and pressed my cock against her pussy. I moved my hips back and forth, sliding my cock across her wet pussy, pressing it against her clit, feeling her shake against me.

Jo's tongue brushed across mine as she rocked back against me and moaned into my mouth. I sped up my movement, sawing my cock back and forth against her more quickly, feeling her body begin to tense, smiling into her lips as her breath caught and her pale skin flushed, feeling her pussy flex against my cock and fingers as she began to cum. As her orgasm began I pulled back farther and pushed with my fingers, thrusting my hips forward and driving my cock deep into her cumming pussy.

Jo cried out as my cock drove home, her orgasm deepening, becoming harder, more intense as I began to drive in and out of her, fucking her hard, pulling her into each thrust as I worked my fingers across her clit. I gripped Jo in my arms and rolled onto my back, taking her with me, thrusting up into her pussy as she lay on top of me, her back arched across my stomach, her head turned, face buried in my neck and her legs spread wide, surrendering to my fingers and my cock. 

Jo screamed as she came again, writhing on top of me and arching even more, desperately trying to shove more of my cock into her. I hammered myself into her, pounding upward into her as she came. Jo's arms reached back and circled my neck, her lips kissing the side of my neck and mumbling incoherently into my ear as she twitched and wriggled on top of me.

As her orgasm subsided, Jo sat up, bracing her hands against my chest and rocking her hips, the muscles in her back outlined in shadow, contrasting with her perfect white skin as she moved on my cock. She stopped her movement for a few seconds, shuffling her legs and rearranging herself until she was facing me, never letting my cock leave her.

Jo rolled her hips, working me around inside of her, not bouncing, just moving back and forth with my cock buried deep in her tight pussy. She gasped as she rode my cock, gripping me and milking my cock with every roll of her body. I gripped her hips as she fucked me, pulling her down on me, holding myself in her even as she did the same.

"Cum inside me, baby," Jo whispered. "Make me cum on your thick cock while you cum in my pussy. I want to feel your cum in me, baby." Jo's voice got louder with every word until she was practically screaming, and her hips worked faster and faster. 

I felt my cock tense and swell inside her as her movements became more and more jerky, more erratic. I moaned as she did, my cock erupting inside her as her pussy began to pulse, spasm, milk the cum out of me. Jo cried out as she came with me, falling forward, her perfect breasts pressed against my chest, her hands cupping my face, my arms around her chest and my hips flexed, holding myself deep inside her quaking pussy as my orgasm finished.

"I swear," Jo gasped into my lips, "You cumming in me is the best feeling in the world."

I smiled and kissed her, rolling to my side, pulling her with me, my semi-hard cock still trapped in her pussy. We fell asleep that way, me nestled inside her, wrapped together.

My alarm went off at seven, and I woke up still wrapped in Jo. I reached out with the arm that was trapped under her head and turned off the beeping before gingerly untangling myself from her still-sleeping body and, using everything I knew about physics to get off the bed without shaking her too much.

I took a leak and changed into a pair of shorts and a light t-shirt. I slipped on my running shoes and slipped out the door. I did my morning run, spending about an hour racing myself through the neighborhood before jogging up to my apartment and up the stairs. I let myself in and walked to the bedroom, stripping off my sweaty shirt and kicking off my shoes. Jo was awake, and as I walked in she sat up, the sheet falling away from her, lazily exposing her body to me.

"Morning," I said with a smile as I walked up to her. I started to lean in for a kiss but Jo's arms reached out and stopped me. Her hands grabbed my hips as her legs swung off the bed, and she pulled my shorts down, my cock beginning to stiffen as she pulled me closer.

"Morning," Jo grinned up at me as she pulled me forward and wrapped her lips around my cock, sucking me into her mouth.

"Someone's a morning person," I said with some surprise as Jo smiled around my cock before pushing her head forward and burying me in her throat. She pulled back just enough to mumble around the tip.

"Mmm. Just brushing my teeth," she got out before driving my cock back into her throat. I groaned and wrapped my fingers into her hair, holding myself deep in her throat, feeling her mouth flex around my shaft and her tongue glide back and forth across the underside. She gagged on my cock and her hand flew between her legs, fingers curling up and in as she frigged herself.

I pulled her off my cock and hooked my hands under her knees, pulling them up and tipping her onto her back, taking a second to watch her fingers work her pussy before grabbing her wrist, moving it out of the way, and plunging my cock into her.

"Oh, fuck," Jo moaned as I bottomed out inside her. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled my mouth to hers, her tongue dancing with mine. "Fuck me baby, fuck me so hard!" Her legs wrapped around my waist and pulled me in as I took her advice and drove into her.

Jo's perfect breasts bounced with each thrust and she moaned into to my mouth, whimpering and softly crying out. Her pussy flexed and gripped my cock, like it was trying to pull me in. I thrust harder and harder, ramming myself into Jo, her lips moving against mine as she squeezed me to her with her legs and she rolled her hips against every thrust.

I felt my orgasm building as Jo began to tense and twitch, her legs squeezing tighter around me and her fingers digging into my back. She cried out, then stopped breathing, her skin flushed and reddened as her pussy clamped down on me and I came with her, erupting deep inside her, spurting cum against her cervix.

Jo's orgasm ended as mine did, slowly dwindling until her breath returned to normal. I kissed her gently, pressing my forehead to hers.

"I think I'm gonna like mornings here," Jo laughed.