 Part One:

My name is Vincent and you may have heard some nasty rumors floating around about me. They are all a lie, okay most of them are lies... alright, truth be told most of them are spot on... okay, okay they are all true! There, feel better... screw you!

I blame my cock... it's all its fault... that and the drugs... and all those damn slutty women! I can't help it if they were my friend's sisters, moms and cousins... my penis is possessed! It's pure evil I tell you! Don't believe me I'll prove it!

Possession is 9/10th the law:

It was the summer of '82 and I had just graduated from high school and it was deemed fit and proper that we do something really fucking stupid. Thus and therefore we sat in council, all proper gentlemen were we, and discussed the weighty matter of what we should all do for our last summer together before we were scattered to the four winds.

My mom's basement was large and mainly unfinished and we were sitting on the concrete floor passing the sacred weed from man to man. An acrid smell filled the air and we were in the proper frame of mind to determine our fates. 

"Dude, we should like totally road trip to Vegas," offered one William of Patterson street.

"No man I say Miami, all the bitches are fine down there," spoke the wise and honorable 'Duke of Lafayette' or known in other circles as John Rankin.

"I think we should head down to Jamaica," I offered and continued to explain my thought, "you can get the best shit down there and we can bring some back and grow our own!"

There were murmurs of approval and other voices began to chime in when 'she' slunk down the stairs all ninja-like and we were in a word busted.

"You guys are so in trouble," Heather hissed when she smelled the herb and saw us passing it around. "I am gonna tell mom and..."

"...want some?" I said offering her the joint.

"Dude that's my sister," William protested.

"Dude if she blabs we won't have a summer vacation," and my logic won out.

Heather walked upstairs and disappeared and we all moaned thinking we were busted but she returned a minute later with air freshener, candles and sat down next to me. Lo did she greedily toke the sacred weed and did in time get sagaciously stoned. So with air freshened and candles lit we did continue our discussion.

"I would so go to Jamaica," Heather offered in her sweet voice, "Carol my next door neighbor got some shit from there and we got so fucked up..."

William looked at his sister twin and shook his head.

"You never told me you smoked," William did grill her.

"I never told you a lot of things," she countered.

The sibling rivalry was getting heated and was diminishing my buzz so I performed the time honored intervention.

"Dude... she's YOUR sister... does anything she has done, spoken or otherwise, really surprise you?"

"Hmm... no I guess not..."

"Okay now before you slay my buzz completely let us take a vote," I said raising my hand, "okay all in favor of Jamaica raise your hand."

I looked around the circle and all hands were raised including Heather's.

"Heather sweetie you can't vote..." I whispered.

"Oh sorry," she lowered her hand before leaning into me, "if you need help with the growing part when you guys get back I know a guy..."

"Heather!" William cried out and at that it was time for our group to disband the buzz was officially killed.

Everyone save Heather and me got up and left. William stood at the middle of the stairs waiting looking at Heather.

"Well," he asked.

"Vincent and I are going to talk agriculture I'll be home soon," she said smiling.

"Okay..." and with a reluctant look back he climbed the stairs and we heard the door close behind him.

"So I was thinking some glow lights on timers..." I began but Heather put her finger on my lips.

"You know what happens to me when I get stoned?"

I shook my head and she smiled and continued.

"I get all wet and horny," she purred and saying that she straddled me. "I hear it from the most reliable sources, namely one Sue Grant, that you are hung like a beast... is that true?"

"Um..." was all I could get out before she leaned down and kissed me.

I will tell you now this was no sisterly kiss of friendship but a gut wrenching, tongue dueling, cock hardening embrace of epic proportions! Heather's long black hair tumbled down and like the curtain of night fell over my face and I saw nothing but I did feel her hands rubbing between my legs. 

"Jackpot," I heard her exclaim as she deftly unbuttoned my jeans and then unzipped them freeing my aching shlong. "Damn, she was right, you have a monster cock down there lover."

At hearing 'cock' and 'lover' I knew my wet dreams had come true! I was going to fuck the very cute and very busty Lady Heather! I felt her dainty hands wrap around the shaft of my dick and moaned as she double stroked me.

"How does that feel baby," Heather moaned in my ear, "I can't wait to suck you off. Ever since I heard about you... this...," she gave it a gentle squeeze, "I have masturbated dreaming of tasting it and feeling it inside of me."

"Taste away..." I moaned as I reached up and cupped her firm tits through her shirt.

"Mmm you like my tits," she said and leaned back and yanked the shirt off of her and her bra went flying moments later.

She took my hands and placed them on her naked flesh before returning to stroking my cock. I leaned up and kissed and suckled her tits and nipples. She growled in my ear how good that felt and I let my tongue flicker over her puffy nipples and I felt her grind her denim clad pussy against my thigh.

"Want to sneak up to your bedroom and fuck me up there," sweet Heather asked.

"Yeah, got to be tons more comfortable than concrete, but you have to be quiet or we will get busted."

"I promise..." she lied.

She stood up and grabbed her fallen shirt and bra and then she grabbed 'me' and led me upstairs. We didn't need to worry about sneaking through the house it was empty, except us of course. But my mom would be home in an hour or so. As Heather with me in hand, literally, made our way to the second floor and my bedroom my mind momentarily slipped from the green fog and drug induced erection to ponder the morality of what I was about to do.

One... you are about to violate your best friend's trust and sister.

Two... you are risking getting busted for smoking and fucking in the house, again.

Three... Heather is going to suck you then fuck you.

I actually hesitated for a single, long moment and Heather noticed. She turned and kissed me again with all the hunger and lust she could summon and it was a lot!

"I understand you are feeling weird about what is about to happen. I get that. But, I will share with you a secret no girl or woman would normally ever expose. So here it is in a nutshell. Nice guys do not repeat do not get laid. We like the bad boys and do all sorts of naughty things with those kinds of guys. Need I say more?"

I scooped her up into my arms and carried her, the rest of the way down the hallway to my bedroom and dropped her on the bed. I closed the door and walked over to the bed where she stopped me with a grin.

"Don't move, stand right there," she said as she got onto her knees and slowly peeled off her shirt revealing those gorgeous C Cup tits of hers.

The shirt dropped to the bed and she grabbed her tits and began to massage and tease them. I reached down and began to stroke myself and her eyes lit up and as she moaned then growled as she unbuttoned her jean shorts. She got onto her hands and knees and facing away from me began to slowly pull them down over her bubble butt. I saw her crack appear and then her puckered asshole and then at long last her wet slit. 

"I need help getting them off," she moaned/purred.

I walked over and tugged them the rest of the way off as she turned around and took me into her mouth while I stood at the edge of the bed.

"Oh god damn girl," I moaned as I tore my own shirt off and reached down and played with her hair. 

She moaned when I stroked her hair and that sent shockwaves through me. I grunted when she moaned and Heather took this as a good thing and kept on moaning as inch by inch my cock slid between her lips. Heather stopped at about half way and I couldn't blame her. When my cock is soft it's close to seven inches long. Fully erect as it was now it was a very prodigious thing indeed. I rocked my hips just a little and started fucking her mouth and she seemed to like this a lot as I saw her hand move up and between her legs getting her pussy ready for me.

"Are you ready to feel this inside of you," I asked and she broke her 'kiss' and for answer spun around and scooted until her upraised ass was mere inches from me. 

"Slide it in, slowly..." she begged.

"I know the drill," I told her as the head parted her tight pussy lips.

"Unnn... that's it nice and..." Heather moaned.

"...slow," I finished for her as she buried her face in my covers. 

I was about half way inside when I stopped and began to move my hips in and out of her. She was panting and moaning louder and louder.

"Oh god... deeper lover... deeper..." she begged.

I inched my way forward letting her take one, two and finally three more inches before her hand went up signaling me I had hit bottom. Again I began rocking gently and her incredibly tight pussy gripped me like a fist. I was moaning softly as we fucked, I say fucked because there was absolutely no love involved in this union. Okay maybe the love of an eager slutty girl, or the love of her talented lips licking and sucking me or even the deep love a man feels for a woman with a real tight pussy. But not the icky squishy love they show in the movies. I felt that wonderful tingling sensation start in my toes and began to thrust faster into her and she was pushing back now meeting me stroke for stroke. 

"OH GOD..." she screamed, "FUCK ME LOVER! Drive that long... fat... cock into my tight little pussy!"

So much for being quiet; I told you she lied to me. I thrust harder and a bit deeper into her and felt her pussy clench around me tighter still and knew that she had just climaxed. That's always good for a second date or in our case a second grudge fuck. My cock swelled up inside of her and she knew I was going to cum.

"SPRAY MY TITS AND FACE LOVER..." Heather begged/howled.

When I couldn't fight it off any longer I yanked my dick from her pussy and she flipped over onto her back and I let go and I painted her body with pulses of hot cum.

"Oh shit..." Heather said looking passed me and there in all her terrible glory was my mom.

She was staring open mouthed at the scene before her and I shriveled to nothing in seconds flat.

"Ummm... hi mom this is..."

"Heather... get dressed and out of this house and never set foot here ever again or I swear your mother will hear all about this. I won't tell her today because I know she has a weak heart and this would kill her dead."

Ninja-quick Heather was dressed and leaving. She turned around and mouthed those immortal words, 'call me.' I hid the smile and did the walk of shame after I had put on my own clothes. 

The kitchen table, it was the place where we gathered for meals, played board games and asses were severely chewed. My mom was sitting there pale and shaking in her rage. I sat without a word knowing she would launch into her tirade soon enough.

"How could you," she snapped at me.

Three seconds I had counted from the time I sat to the first word. I could tell by that short wait that she was way beyond upset.

"She is William's sister for Christ's sake."

Eep! She invoked her lord, god and savior; I was in serious shit now!

"I know you were gifted with a fine specimen of manhood, but that doesn't give you the right young man to share it with the entire world."

Blink... blink... was that a fucked up twisted sort of compliment? This was getting creepy weird like when my step sister got drunk and sleep fucked me before going off to college last month. Or the time the young nun came a calling to bake bread with my mom and caught me in the shower when she came upstairs to use the bathroom. 

"I..." mom was having none of that.

"You... young man need to learn some self control and discipline."

"Not the military..." I begged.

"No, heavens no... you need religion. I have been far too lax on that front since I married your father and didn't feel it was my place to take a stand. But sweetie it's been five years now and I feel I am ready to support you in this case, for your immortal soul."

"The seminary," I asked.

"No, that would be a decision between you and god. No I was thinking of Sister Mary Margaret having a nice long talk with you."

"Not placing the name..." I said my face screwed up in puzzlement.

"You know that sweet pious thing that came over and helped me bake bread just before Easter."

Ding! That cock hungry redhead who nearly deep throated me in the shower? Oh hell yes!

"I seem to remember her a little," I said softly.

"I bet if I asked her she would meet with and discuss the bible in length. Show you the errors of you ways," Mom beamed at me.

"Not a priest," I asked full well knowing her thoughts on that subject.

"I will not let a child raping pedophile anywhere near you Vincent! I mean you are a 'fully grown' young man but still."

"I appreciate your concern... if you think it'll help I will give it my all!"

"That's the spirit! There's hope for your immortal soul yet."

A week later, there was Sister Mary Margaret in all her nakedness bent over the altar of her dead and risen god begging for my cock. 

"Please Vincent don't make me beg for it," She said smiling. "Is that is you want me to beg? Okay. Please lover... darling fuck my tight little pussy! Please ram that fat cock of yours into me!"

The acoustics in this place were phenomenal and I am sure if there was anyone else in the church they could have heard her from the very back row. I walked up and aimed the head of my cock between her glistening pussy lips and pushed.

"YES... oh Lord Vincent your cock feels so good!"

"Push back you dirty slut," I told her fully embracing my soul burning bad boy persona.

"Yes baby... watch me fuck you with my pussy!"

Sister Mary Margaret thrust her tight wet pussy backwards and nearly impaled herself again and again. The few women I had been with had never been able to take as much of my dick into either mouth or pussy as this talented young woman.

"It's going in so deep," I moaned.

"My pussy adores your cock lover!"

"So does your mouth and throat..."

"...Mmm yes they do. You know what else adores your hard flesh?"

"I have no idea but I bet you are going to tell me."

"NO..." she purred loudly, "...I am going to show you!"

"Lucky me... mom said you were going to take my education in hand..."

"...hand and mouth and pussy and..."

"And..?"

"Pull out and go over and sit on those stairs right there," she said pointing to the pulpit, the place where the priest preaches from.

I did as I was told and slowly pulled out of her pussy and went and sat down.

"I was so thrilled to hear you were going to visit me I prepared a little something special."

"Special..." I asked.

"Not a lot of women would suggest this and many don't enjoy it as much as I do so..."

She walked over to me with her long legs, shaved pussy and evil smile. Sister Mary Margaret turned around and grabbed my cock and bent over and eased backwards guiding the head of my dick to her tight puckered ass. With practiced ease and I suspect some prior fingering I slipped in with little pain to her and a lot of pleasure for me. 

"Oh my god that's fucking tight," I moaned.

"Yes, yes it is," she growled. "I am going to start but when you are ready stand up and finish me off... its okay to cum in my ass they all do."

She let half my length into her butt before she started rocking her hips and letting me feel how deliciously naughty it felt.

"Oh I don't know how long I can last..." I warned her.

"Don't fret I already cum twice already..." she moaned as another two inches slid into her, "...this is for you lover so enjoy it."

I felt like I was going to blow my load any minute so I stood up slowly and grabbed her hips. I tested the waters and pushed my hips forward to see how much of me should could accommodate and when her hand finally came up all but a few inches were inside of her.

"Damn Sister, your tight little ass just swallowed up most of my cock!"

Then I began to move slowly not wanting to hurt her and not wanting this to end too soon. I savored every moment of this and let her know.

"Nnnn so fucking tight," I moaned.

"You feel so good in my ass lover..." she purred, "...I can't wait to feel you cum deep inside of me."

"Not long now..." I growled as she felt me swell inside of her.

"Oh god you are stretching me... so fucking big..." Sister Mary Margaret said as she began squeezing me with her ass. "...fill me up I need it so bad!"

It didn't take much of that to push me over the edge and thrusting harder now I pulled back and with one last shove of my hips I painted her insides. My knees almost buckled I came so hard. My cock twitched inside of her as the last of my orgasm shook me. 

"Mmm I want to do that again sometime," I said out loud thinking how wonderful it felt.

"Sure lover, how about next week," she offered. "I told your mother that if things worked out I would tutor you at least once a week."

"I don't know what to say?"

"Say that you'll change into this... for little 'ol me," she said holding up the garb of a local priest.

"Isn't someone going to miss that?"

"Nah... he thinks it's still at the dry cleaners."

"You are..."

"You're not jealous are you?"

"Not at all just a little amazed," I said.

"Oh its okay he hasn't taken his final vows yet..."

"You are so going to hell..."

"Eh... I only joined the convent to get cock..."

"What?"

"That and travel," she said as she began to dress me in the black attire of a priest, "Since I was young I always thought priests were sexy. Come on admit it, defiling a nun is like number two on a guy's wish list."

"What's number one," I asked as she began to dress herself leaving panties and bra on the floor, "everyone knows that busty Asian twins are number one."

"Hmm... never having fucked Japanese twins before... I don't know; defiling a gorgeous nun like you is my number one."

"Flattery will get you everywhere," she said picking up the clothing that was left on or around the altar. "Now follow me to the confessional... I have some things to be forgiven for."

"I'm not really a priest... I can't forgive your sins..."

"...who said anything about forgiving them I have some more to commit."

"Oh, well that explains a lot..."

One month later thanks to my stellar review from Sister Mary Fucksalot my friends and I were landing in the island nation of Jamaica. William was blissfully unaware of my devirginizing of his sweet twin sister. She didn't tell me until a few weeks later when she showed up at church for confession and told me all while on her hands and knees before me. The priest's outfit still hangs in my closet to this day. The plane jerked a bit as the landing gear touched down and that shook me out of my pleasant reverie. We had two weeks in paradise and little did I know that my doom would be sealed on board a luxury yacht.

We decided to get a better look at the beach and on our way we met a charming man with dreadlocks named Paul. His devilish good looks and outstanding fashion sense were nothing compared to the wickedly good shit he was smoking. Being a good and decent fellow he shared some, for a price. The beach was populated by beautiful people and off in the ocean was anchored two large yachts that gleamed in the noon day sun. We were walking passed a line of reclined sun bathers when a voice called out to us.
