 I felt pretty guilty afterwards. Not that that would have changed what I had done. I had a girlfriend who was really sweet and the last thing I wanted to do was hurt her. But there was no way I was going to pass up this opportunity. 

I had wanted Lucy for a long time. So long in fact that when I first saw and wanted her, it was a different taboo altogether. Suffice to say she is 18 now and I really wanted her that much more. And she knew it. 

Though she had given me a glimmer of hope that someday she may allow me the chance I so deeply desired, I never felt I would ever actually realize my fantasies. So many times I had thought about her and what I would do if ever she let me. But that Sunday, when my girlfriend Melissa was out of town and the phone rang with Lucy on the other end, I finally tasted the proverbial apple. Just as Adam and Eve could not resist, I had not even close to enough will power to resist. 

Sometimes the best sex in the world is had between two friends. Lovers are wonderful but sometimes two friends who love sex can enjoy the act more than should be allowed by the laws of nature. 

It just so happened that both of our better halves were to be out of town on the same night that both of us had off from work. I didn’t know that her boyfriend was out of town and so I was very surprised when Lucy called me around six that Sunday night. She wanted to know if I wanted to go for a drive somewhere. I could not have said no if my life depended on it. She picked me up around 7:30 and went to take a drive into the hills. I had once suggested the idea to her and had a place in mind that she should see. 

So I directed her into the hills until we got to the place I knew about. There was a fire lane leading off the road and it led to a really great view. She brought a blanket with her and we took a short walk through the brush that led to a quietly secluded spot that overlooked almost the entire Bay Area. I had partied here before and knew we would be alone now. It was a warm evening and the view, as always, was tremendous. 

She was standing there in front of me looking at the view. She wore a pair of jeans and very sexy baby blue cotton shirt that had white trim and was cut well in front. It presented her ample breast quite pleasingly. As she stood there in front of me looking out over the South Bay, she was absolutely stunning. I wanted to give her more pleasure than could be imagined. 

I walked up behind her and put my arms around her waist. She felt so wonderfully soft. Her head fell back and my lips made a beeline for her neck. The vampire in me took over and I delighted in the salty taste of her skin. The soft scent of her perfume heightened my arousal. I kissed and licked my way around her neck and my hands took in the feel of her body. My left hand was stroking her upper thigh while my right slid under her shirt and explored at first her soft belly before slowly extending the search a little higher.

Her head lay against my right shoulder and her eyes were closed and her teeth clenched. Her left hand reached up to hold and direct my head. Her fingers ran wonderfully though my hair. Her right hand was behind my right leg. She was pulling me to her. It wasn’t long before our lips met and locked. It was a very long and passionate kiss. 

Our tongues locked as my hands touched her all over. My left hand was now working high on her inner thigh, brushing her crotch softly at first before getting more bold. 

My right hand had worked it’s way up to the soft satiny material of her bra and was caressing what it hid underneath. I could feel her nipples stiffen to my touch. I wanted badly to feel her hard nipples between my lips. My hand slid under the material to find her left nipple. My fingers found it and began to softly pinch and rub it. Her breast felt so wonderfully soft. 

My left hand wanted more and it found the buttons to her jeans. Meeting with no resistance, I slowly undid each button. Then dropping to my knees behind her, I slowly pulled her pants down to her ankles. This revealed to me a very sexy pair of baby blue panties. They were cotton with white trim and little white flowers. Damn she turned me on so much. 

I wanted to touch and kiss every part of her body. My lips and tongue ran across her thighs from bottom to top. From the outer thigh to the inner thigh. My right hand slipped under the band of her panties and was feeling the smooth skin of her wonderful, full ass. My left hand that had wanted more had slipped around the front and was now rubbing her in a most pleasurable way through the thin soft material of her baby blues.

As I did this she had removed her shirt and her bra and now stood above me looking incredibly desirable. She told me to stand up and take my clothes off and she kicked off her shoes and removed her pants completely while I took of first my pants and then my shirt. She stared at the obvious hardon that my boxer briefs contained. She dropped down in front of me and slowly pulled them down. My achingly hard dick stood straight out at her. Her eyes seemed full of lust as she gazed intently at it. She looked up at me in a most sexy way as she took hold of my cock in her left hand. My body trembled and shook at the touch of her hand on my stiff dick. My eyes drank in every drop of this delicious sight. She looked so damn sexy as she looked up at me with her beautiful green eyes while her hand deftly manipulated my manhood. It felt something like heaven as well.

Then she very pleasantly surprised me as she took my cock into her mouth. I had hoped she might but my luck isn’t usually this good. The sight of this 18 year old girl I had wanted so badly for so long, actually sucking on my dick was an unbelievable pleasure all to itself. Not to mention the fact that she knew very well what she was doing. I wanted badly for her to make me cum. I wasn’t worried about being able to rebound. I intended to take my time and return the favor in spades. 

The sight and feel of this girl working on my dick had me on a cloud. She was not only going to get me to cum but she was doing it in record time. I was going crazy but the just before I came she pulled away and started jerking hard on my cock. Her eyes were glued to my dick as my load welled up in my balls. It took just a couple strokes before my dick exploded. My head jerked back and several unintelligible sounds escaped my lips while my knees began to buckle. She continued stroking my cock as I shot a massive load of thick goo all over her face and tits. For good measure, she swallowed my shaft once again and sucked up every last drop. It was quite simply the most incredible blowjob I have ever had. 

We both wanted the same thing then. It wasn’t even needed to be said. She laid down on the blanket. My fingers hooked under the white elastic band of her baby blues and slowly slid them down her legs and off. She was beautifully shaven and I could see the moisture on her vaginal lips. I wanted her so badly as I gazed down at her beautiful nude body. The gentle fall evening breeze felt good on our bodies. We were both a little warmer then the surrounding air at that moment.

She then spread her legs for me and I could no longer wait to taste her mouth-watering sweet pussy. I lay between her thighs, my face just inches from her sweet sex. I inhaled the delicious musky scent I had longed for. I wanted now to make her cum harder than she had ever dreamed possible. Her legs spread wide for me and her fingers helping me to better access her clit. Propped up on her elbows, she looked down at me, eagerly anticipating what was to come. God she looked so fucking sexy now. 

I buried my tongue inside her pussy. She was so wet and hot. She tasted incredible. I devoured her eagerly. I felt like a kid in a candy store who finally got the candy he’d saved three weeks allowance for. She was some very sweet candy indeed. She bit her lip as her face clenched and her body trembled. My tongue moved in circles around her hard sensitive clit. Soon her head was thrown back and garbled words were trying to make there way out her lips. It seemed to be a mish mash of exclamations such as “oh my god” and “oh shit, oh fuck yes”. Her obvious enjoyment was quickly bringing life back to my dick as I knew it would. It would have to wait though. I had business to finish first. 

I had slipped a couple of fingers of my right hand into her as my tongue danced on her engorged nub. Her hips were gyrating to meet both my dancing tongue and my fingers sliding into her warm wet pussy. Soon she was fucking back hard against my fingers as I sucked on her clit. She kept telling me that it felt so good. I loved hearing it. I wanted it to feel that good and better. I wanted to make her feel more pleasure than any other tongue had ever done. I wanted desperately to see her face as she came in my mouth. Her obvious enjoyment heightened greatly my own. My dick was throbbing as her breathing became obviously labored. She was moaning quite loudly and openly now, begging me to please make her cum. I told her she need not worry. She was definitely going to cum. 

She was not however, going to cum too quickly. Three times, as I sensed she was about to cum, I backed off, easing her away from orgasm. She pleaded with me to make her cum. I told her that when she came, she was going to remember it for a long time. Finally, the fourth time she was almost there, I could tell from her pleading that she was now ready. She truly needed to cum. Needed it more than anything else at that moment. Nothing else mattered. So instead of backing off, I sucked hard on her sweet clit. My fingers fucked her hard. Her body suddenly tensed. Her legs clamped down on my head. I had been prepared though and I continued with her now flaming nub. Her fingers were pulling hard on my hair and she began to cry out into the empty night air. She was cumming so hard. It was spectacular. She looked wildly sexy as she bucked and thrashed as she came viciously in my face. It was so much better than I had ever fantasized about it being. And I had fantasized about it a lot. 

I knew just the moment to back off and let her ride it out. Eventually the waves of pleasure subsided and her body settled. For a moment she simply lay there with her mouth open, breathing deeply, staring up at the stars. As I raised up to my knees and looked down on her sexy body, she looked at me and simply said, “whoa dude, that was fucking unbelievable!” 

As she recovered, I reached for my pants and the condom inside I had brought. She watched as I rolled it onto my very stiff again cock. I leaned over and kissed her deeply. My cock seemed to guide itself into her like the ol’ proverbial heat seeking missile. Within moments I was buried deep inside her. It was, as I figured it would be, better than I could’ve imagined. I started to fuck her slowly as my lips moved down to her breasts. I still needed to taste her nipples. I needed to feel their hardness in my mouth, between my lips. I sucked, licked and nibbled on first her right, then her left nipple as my cock thrust slowly in and out of her. 

As I kissed my way back to her lips, my pace began to pick up. Her hips moved perfectly in rhythm with my thrusting cock. It was as if we had done this together a thousand times. Our bodies were perfectly in sync. Our pace gradually picked up till we were going like there was no tomorrow. Her legs were wrapped around my back and my arms were under her my hands gripping her shoulders. My cock was thrusting hard and deep and fast into her. But I had brought her here for a reason. I stopped and pulled out. I told her to roll over onto her hands and knees. I instructed her to face out over the view. We were going to do this with one hell of a view.

I got up behind her and slid my cock into her pussy. I gripped her hips and began slowly again to pump into her. She quickly commented on how good this was. She loved me fucking her from behind out in the open air, with such a fabulous view. It was so beautiful and peaceful here and there were so many lights down there. It intensified everything. I was working my cock into her as skillfully as I knew how. Fast, slow and side to side, we were building into an incredible climax. 

Her ass was bucking hard into me as I thrust hard into her. I wasn’t going to last much longer. Her cries were growing louder. She seemed to be about to cum again herself. I hoped I could hold on. Then, with a flurry of shrieked “oh my god(s)”, she shook and jerked in obvious orgasm. This set me off and grunting loudly, I came hard. Our shared orgasm seemed to intensify both of our orgasms. I shot load after load into her and her body convulsed until we both finally collapsed side by side. It was unbelievable. I had had incredible sex before but this was new ground. 

Due to our age difference, we both knew a relationship probably wouldn’t work (even if her father didn’t kill me). Plus we both had others to go back to. But as I said before. Sex between friends, which we would always be, is sometimes the best. And we both knew that this was just the first time we would pleasure each other. Oh yeah. This was definitely just the first time. 

As we left I told her she should bring her boyfriend up here. She told me she intended to. She promised to tell me about it later. Next time I’ll have to show her my favorite beach.