 "You're late."

That was the start to this auspicious fifth violin lesson. James didn't particularly like taking these lessons, but his career was in jeopardy. His director said explicitly that if he didn't learn how to fake playing the violin by the first shooting... well, someone unnamed would be doing something very naughty to him and it didn't sound like the least bit of fun.

Immediately after that day's shooting, he went to the local music school and signed up for lessons. He thought that he would take a lesson or two, get the motions down and that would be it, but no. First, he had to rent a violin and a practice space, then he had to buy the etude books and a device called a 'metronome' and then the teachers shunted him around from office to office for two weeks because no one wanted a student who wasn't "serious." At the beginning of the third week when he was starting to collect classified pages, someone finally deposited him in front of a tiny door in the furthermost corner of the building and told him to ask for an "Allegra Johnson." He was also advised not to joke about her name, her appearance, her music or... well, anything.

He made the mistake right off of underestimating her. From the way the staff talked, James had gathered that this teacher was a burly, Anglo-Saxon dwarf with acute distemper. When short, plain woman with a curtain of dusty black hair answered the door and mildly asked for his name and business, he wondered if the others had had him on, but it was soon revealed that Allegra Johnson temper that made a Rottweiler look gentle. This woman was a menace to society at large and no amount of warning could have prepared him for her. She frequently yelled, complained often, had long fits of sarcasm alternating suddenly with extreme, biting apathy, and was overall generally unpleasant. In addition, she tended to be shrewish and impetuously obsessed with details; often ones that James couldn't understand or detect at all. Today, it was his intonation.

"How big is it?"

James's face flushed scarlet. "E-excuse me?"

"Your violin; what size is it?" She tapped her foot impatiently. She always did that when she thought he was being purposefully stupid.

"Oh! Uh... 14 inches. Standard size."

"I see; it looks smaller. You're so tall, though..."

He shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other, fighting the furious heat spreading down neck and up to his ears. "Right, I'll just... spread my fingers apart then?"

"Just stretch it out. That should fix it. No, don't pull so hard. There!" she said, nodding. "That looks much better. How does it feel?"

"A bit tight. Is it supposed to hurt?"

"Hmph. Of course. Did you expect it to be flawless the first time? Play it again!" she snarled, sitting at her broken desk chair. Allegra's office was actually quite spacious and well decorated, but everything in it seemed to be broken. Before he entered, he heard her hurling curses at her computer and a sound like she had kicked the tower. She had a gorgeous piano, but he suspected that it was unturned, for he had never heard it, nor did she ever go near it. The lonely black music stand leaned to one side, but it inevitably it hung the wrong direction so that James also leaned to one side when he played. She stood up to push his back into alignment, but each time it was only a few minutes before he drooped again.

Furthermore, Allegra hissed through her teeth every time his fingers missed or his bow skidded across the strings. As the piece went on and his hands become even more unsure of themselves, he began to get annoyed with her. Didn't she realize how hard this was? Finally, the incessant tapping of her foot was too much.

"Will you cut that out? I'm doing my best!"

Her black eyes narrowed dangerously. "No, you're not. You played better last week. Did you practice at all?"

"I practiced!"

She snorted. "Doesn't sound like it to me. Try it again from the top."

Resentfully, he lifted the violin to his shoulder once more and almost before he had begun, she stopped him.

"No, no. What are you doing? Like this." Allegra laid her tiny hand on his to demonstrate how he should hold himself. She was flushed and her fingers were damp. When she took her hand away, the air froze the warm spot where their skin had touched. What was the meaning of this?

Pointedly, she did not meet his eyes. "Play, please."

He began again, scratching and stumbling through a clumsy, yet recognizable, version of the gigue. He finished and lowered the instrument, smiling and expecting praise. Allegra shook her head with her lips pursed distastefully. "You are only playing notes," she said resentfully. "This is unacceptable."

"Isn't that what I'm supposed to be doing?"

"Only a beginner plays the notes. A true musician plays the music." She held out her hands, "Allow me."

With some reluctance, he handed her the violin. Allegra snugged the violin up to her throat (with her jaw properly on the chin rest) and brought the bow up to the string. The sound that bloomed then was only barely distinguishable as the same poor tune he had played only moments before. This music sang. Every note was rich and lovely and brought together long, smooth lines even though the dance of the gigue was quick and lively. James' heart raced. He stared at this woman, this musician, who was as different from the teacher before as the song he heard now. Allegra's body was made of liquid. Her arms stroked the air effortlessly, pulling remarkable sound with greatest delicacy, and her fingers danced up and down the smooth neck. It was fascinating to watch, but James was more interested in her face. All the rock-hard lines of her brow were gone, smoothed into graceful curves. Her gently closed eyes looked serene- a vast contrast to their earlier piercing intensity. 

She finished the gigue, but she wasn't yet done playing. Allegra began something different, something... passionate. James couldn't breathe. This music throbbed in his veins and pounded in his heart. He saw Allegra from the inside out, raw, primitive, fueled by fire. He thought he felt sweat on his neck and at his forehead. Allegra was dripping with it. Suddenly, her shirt clung to her petite curves. James gaped and felt stifled by his own clothes. He mirrored her intense swaying, following her every erratic movement with both his eyes and his body. He physically took a step at the very height of the music's climax when Allegra's mouth fell open and she made a rough gasp and stood perfectly still. Then, she slowly took the violin from her shoulder and opened sparkling eyes. 

"That... is music."

James wasn't entirely sure what came over him, but the moment her firey red lips finished speaking, he wanted to taste them. He crossed the room in two urgent strides and took her face in his hands to kiss her. He wanted to empty the stormy blaze he felt into her, but unexpectedly, he was met in kind. Allegra flung her arms around him and kissed him with a fervor that suggested she felt the same possession as he.

"Wait, wait!" she gasped, remembering the precious item she still held. Allegra half-turned in his embrace to set down the violin and bow, but this exposed her throat and shoulder to his hungry kisses. Her groan tickled his lips and caused him to laugh against her skin. She shuddered and James slipped his hands up her bare back to make her do it again. Eventually, her hands became free and she pushed him back.

"Now," she growled, causing another excited stir in his body, "Let's do this properly." Allegra gave no warning, but pulled him close to her and crashed his lips on hers. Her mouth opened immediately and he eagerly set his tongue to exploring. Somehow, she kept him occupied there long enough that when they broke apart to gasp for air, James was shocked to see her without a shirt. As expected for her petite frame, her breasts were not large and cumbersome, but small and well-formed. He reached out slowly and took one in his hand. It was firm, but gave easily under his fingers. James could even feel her heartbeat rise when he rolled a nipple between his fingers through her white cotton bra.

Allegra didn't make a sound, but pushed him backwards until he felt pressure behind his knees and was forced to sit. Not much was needed to hold his attention while she slid off her bra and unclasped the loose chain belt from her hips. She stepped out of her skirt, but left a final, flimsy barrier- a thin pair of loose panties. James wanted to shrink away from the predatory look in her eyes when she stepped up to him, but a pulling in his loins held him rooted firmly in place; almost edging forward off the low, padded seat, even. The tiny woman's delicate fingers made short work of the little buttons James' large fingers struggled to operate. The air in the office was chilly, but her skin radiated heat and he found that he wasn't cold at all. Still, he cringed at his exposure. James wasn't an unattractive man by any standards, but he had certainly never been known for his physical superiority. 

Allegra hooked her forefinger in the waistband of his now painfully tight jeans. Ever so slowly, she unbuttoned and then unzipped the garment. James nearly cried with relief as he sprung free, but managed to turn his whimper into a more masculine groan. It's freedom was short-lived, though, in only a moment, the weight of the black-haired violin teacher trapped the hard shaft against his abdomen. It was so easy, when her chest was a mere two inches from his face, to take the same nipple he handled earlier in his mouth and suck, producing a most satisfying, guttural moan somewhere above his head. Nails clutched his hair, scratching the scalp beneath. James saw an opportunity: if Allegra could be sufficiently distracted by his teeth gently pulling on her bud, he could just about slip his fingers around and in...

Wham! James hands were instantly imprisoned in tiny, angry shackles against something cool, polished and black. The soft, acoustic ring just behind his ears meant only one thing... Allegra was holding him prisoner against the grand piano. Her eyes flashed.

"And what," she asked in a low, growling purr, "do you think you are doing there?"

"I... ah... that is..."

"Hmm?" James felt her tug at his jeans until his hips became completely bare and he still hadn't thought of an answer. Her legs were so warm... he didn't even realize that his hands were free; in a moment, he didn't care, either. Rough against his sensitive, bare skin, Allegra rubbed herself slowly up and down his entire length letting him feel more of her heat and the wetness there, still sheathed. James' hands trailed up her thighs, skirting around the forbidden area and up her sides. Holding her torso still, he leaned forward and traced her curves with the very tip of his tongue. Once more, she shuddered as the warmth became cold in naked air. Her arms laid lightly on his; her hands gripping his shoulders. Every time James' tongue threatened to breach no-man's land, Allegra stiffened and gripped more tightly, but relaxed again when his mouth darted away to circle her navel or trace a hipbone. He could feel her breathing grow heavy and her weight sank again into his lap. 

When his concentration wavered, Allegra seized a chance and took him firmly by his hair. Bending him until his throat was completely exposed, she dragged her hot tongue from one shoulder, across his collarbones and the hollow between them while one hand raked his chest. James panted and grabbed her hips- all pretense of gentle teasing gone. He ground himself against Allegra repeatedly, listening to the increasing intensity of her moans and gasps and driving himself insane with want. There was only one solution.

James took Allegra in both arms and stood up. Surprised, she clung to him, her hardened nipples pressing into his chest and her fingernails into his back. He turned around quickly and sat her on the piano bench, but not before sneaking his hand under and seizing her infernal underwear. He stared into her dark eyes and waited, hardly daring to breathe. 

Allegra hesitated, but only for a moment. Her big brown eyes met his through dark eyelashes and she whispered, "Go on."

James needed no second bidding, but ripped away the flimsy cloth with a satisfying tearing sound. A shocked gasp spurred him onward to press his advantage, so he pressed up against her, setting his member squarely against her opening, and penetrated immediately. The wash of heat and constrictive grip caused his toes to curl. Allegra fell back against the closed lid of the keyboard with both a shudder and a sigh. Their flushed bodies only allowed them a moment to rest before demanding satisfaction most insistently. James withdrew slowly before penetrating a second time and then a third. Allegra hissed through her teeth each time and closed her eyes tightly, but suddenly sat up and huskily repeated her earlier command directly in his ear: "Go on!"

James' thrusts gradually gathered speed and strength, but he wasn't disciplined enough to control himself. He used one hand planted on the piano for balance and to gain enough leverage to completely fill his teacher with each rocking thrust, and the other to hold her close to him so that their sweaty bodies rubbed against each other. Allegra, for her part, buried her face in his shoulder and clung to him for all she was worth. Her whimpers were unfortunately muffled, but her teeth pressed into his skin and pinched him occasionally, which was not altogether an unpleasant contrast to the pleasure he felt inside her.

He drove himself into her relentlessly, shaking the piano and causing sounds equal to her every moan. He felt her back tense and she pressed into his every push with urgent need. She constricted around him like the grip of a warm, wet hand. He made a high, thin sound through his nose and forced himself harder. They were almost flat against the piano now, the great instrument rocking back and forth with their passions, creaking. Allegra keened and trembled violently under him, but James couldn't think anymore; his vision was blurred with the blood pounding in his ears and stung from dripping sweat. He felt his spine stiffen and hips buckle. There was no hesitation in giving in, only thrusting himself willingly into this woman's arms. 

Neither knew how long it took to become reasonable again, but it was definitely many moments before they recovered. The sweat had frozen and dried before James stood and respectfully looked away from his teacher's naked body. Allegra stood and briskly re-dressed, bidding him bluntly to do the same. He did, packing away his violin directly after.

"Our time is up," Allegra observed. "Same time next week?"