 Part 2: Feral Engagements


Lioness sat in the corner of her room with her knees pressed against her chest and her arms wrapped around her legs. She rocked back and forth slightly. All she could do was wait for it to pass. Her body burned with need. Every nerve was at once both tingling and pained. And just because she was used to the sensation, didn't make it any more bearable.

Every couple of months, the same feline DNA that gave her super powers drove her with an entirely different instinct. She was forced to lock herself in her room with enough food and drink to tide her over until her heat passed. She was certain that the other members of her team thought of her as an unmitigated diva but there was nothing she could do about it. If she didn't take those precautions she'd be on top of, or beneath, every man she came into contact with. 

Worse, the effects weren't just limited to the heat cycle, either. Sure, those three days, or so, marked the worst physical symptoms but it was the psychological aspects that shamed Lioness the most. If she had known about those when she signed up for the experiment, she would never have agreed. If she thought, for a moment, that the scientists had realized what her psyche would go through before they implanted the genetic material she would have long since sought them out and dispensed her own kind of justice.

The problem lay in the nature of her heat. Like all animals, it represented a period of highest fertility and caused an instinctive draw to procreate. Unlike animals, however, she suffered more than a physical motivation. Her heat cycles actually rewrote her subconscious in an effort to change her personality to better drive her towards pregnancy.

Long-term birth control was a necessity for her. It became quite clear to everyone after a few cycles, however, that she couldn't be trusted with that particular decision and so power of attorney had been invoked for this particular issue. The phantom pain deep within her core was her mind's attempt to demand she have the IUD removed.

That wasn't the least of her problems. Over time, her personality developed to more accurately suit the men around her. All that mattered to her subconscious was what could most accurately entice a willing partner. At this point, Lioness had lived with the condition for so long that she could no longer remember what she'd been like before the experiment.

Where the other women might not even realize that their costumes became more and more revealing over time, as a form of competition for attention, Lioness was fully conscious of her own actions. It was all she could do to remember that there were still some decency laws that applied to paras. Thankfully, the fact that she needed her feline form in order to utilize her superior abilities added a measure of modesty that her psychosis would have otherwise prevented.

Thus, Lioness rocked in the corner in her costume. Nothing more than a thin bikini. She couldn't even convince herself to add a top to the supposed ensemble. After all, silky orange-yellow fur concealed her nipples. Otherwise, she was no more exposed than anyone covered head to foot in spandex.

Of course, everyone was aware of her state of nudity. She saw it in the eyes of the citizens she saved. The men ogled her and barely managed to keep their hands from groping, or outright molesting, her. They thought it was for their own safety. She had a reputation as a fierce and feral fighter. In truth, it was for their safety but not in the way they thought. If they knew the truth they probably would have happily taken the risk.

Lioness whimpered helplessly. She was only half-way through the current cycle. Some would probably try to say she only had a day left, two at most. That was all well and good for someone who didn't suffer through the heat. To her, even that single day seemed like an eternity of desire, need, lust and pain.

The refrigerator remained untouched, even after a day-and-a-half. She'd stocked it, as she always did, for the full three days. She never touched it until the heat had passed, however. At which point, she ravaged the contents in an orgy of hunger that mocked the denied pleasures of the rest of the time. Only when she'd regained her strength, as well as her composure, would she be released from her semi-self-imposed prison.

Lioness was never sure whether her weakening was a blessing or a curse. It didn't lessen the pain or desire she felt. It only signaled the encroaching end to her misery. Now, about halfway through her heat, she was still stronger than the average man. By the end, she would be so weak that even the most feeble person could take advantage of her.

Not that she wouldn't roll over and spread herself if someone merely hinted that was his predilection.

Lioness found herself thankful that all three of the men on the team seemed inclined to approve of strong women. All it would take was one misogynistic bastard, especially if he seemed the most likely to approach her, and she'd find herself a mewling kitten rather than the great Lioness!

Where once she had thought herself a strong, independent, woman, now she hated herself. She hated her life. And, most of all, she hated the pain that coursed through her veins.

Concentration on her debilitating condition was the only possible reason that her enhanced senses failed to detect the presence of another person in the room. Her world narrowed and time seemed to stop entirely the moment she felt the hand rest on her shoulder. Even her thoughts froze in a tangled confusion of hope and dread.

It took her an agonizingly long moment for her focus to adjust to take in the being that stood before her. The contradiction of emotions spiked the instant she recognized it was a male. In part, nothing else mattered. It was only the civilized portion of her brain that insisted the full identity of her savior was important, and only then because it would define the manner in which she stalked her prey.

The youth and smoothness of his facial features was enough. Scourge had the perpetual roguish scruff of a two-day beard while Daedalus was clean-shaven but with a much sharper jaw line. Truthfully, there was little difference in the method with which she would pursue each of the three. It was mostly a matter of how aggressively she would act.

Lioness completely missed what Electron had said. All she could hear was the pounding beat of her heart as it roared in her ears. He asked again but her results were no better. From the concerned look on his face, he probably asked if she was all right.

No! She wanted to scream it. Not only was she not okay but he shouldn't be there. His presence turned her from "not okay" into total catastrophe!

Instincts took over, however, and prevented even the thought of denial. Her dread evaporated beneath a flood of endorphins. Her personality adjusted based on what she knew of the young man. Like most paras, he wasn't very experienced in positive social contact. When combined with his middle-class upbringing, she suspected what he'd want.

A friendly, reassuring, smile crept across her face. She was amused that it caused a slightly confused, slightly nervous, reaction from him. All at once she knew that he knew about her condition. He might not know exactly what to expect, and part of him feared what she was capable of, but he understood the bottom line. That he was there at all meant he sought exactly what she wanted from him.

With every bit of the lithe agility at her disposal, Lioness uncurled from her corner. Even as she rose to stand in front of him, she began to transform. Down shifted her ears. Her mouth and nose flattened and her fur receded into her soft, supple, skin. By the time she stood, her body mere inches from his, she had returned to her fully human form.

There were some people who were turned on by her anthropomorphic body. It allowed them to fantasize about her without the guilt that might occur if she was a 'real' human. Mostly, it was a means to objectify her. When faced with reality, most men would pick a youthful human woman over the lioness every time.

The other consideration was that the feline form intimidated most people, especially those who knew her. Electron had fought beside her uncountable times. He would associate that form with her strength and destructiveness. She could tell, by the look in his eyes, that the shift away from it greatly reduced his nerves and emboldened his desire.

It helped that she remained topless. What, in her feline body, was suggestive of nudity was downright naughty in her human form. Pert, pink, nipples captured and mesmerized Electron. No, he didn't often get to see the full glory of the female form. She began to wonder if he had ever seen a women completely naked with the lights on.

The chest which so fascinated him arched forward and down. With a roll of her spine, Lioness pressed her breasts against his firm body and began to rub up his chest. It was a feline instinct of marking territory but one that also brought so much relief to overwhelmed nerves. He was firm. He was there. He was real and not some figment of her imagination conjured during masturbation for a specious sense of completion.

Electron opened his mouth. It didn't matter what he wanted to say. It never had. He'd walked into her lair. Even if he hadn't realized what that meant, it was enough for her to have him there. That he did know made everything else irrelevant. Words were meaningless. Only actions mattered.

Lioness stretched on her toes until her face was nearly even with his. She tilted her head up and leaned the last little bit until she could catch his lower lip gently between her teeth. He moaned in appreciation as she suckled his lip. She moaned in response when his hips began to grind his groin against her demanding body.

Her hands glided up his chiseled body, beneath the loose tank-top he wore. He shivered because of the contrails her nails traced across his chest. His lust jammed forcefully against her when she flicked across his tiny nipples. If not for the few layers of fabric, her salvation would have begun in that instant.

The clothes had to go but she couldn't be too aggressive about it lest she scare him off. She might still be stronger than him, physically, but she knew about his powers. It was mere reflex to send a jolt through his enemy, in imitation of a taser. No matter how strong she was, how insistent her will, even she could not move when her muscles seized.

Lioness' hands slid up across his toned chest. He let out a sigh of disappointment that she had stopped playing with his nipples but he instantly lifted his arms to accommodate her. She lifted his shirt off without any fanfare and tossed it aside. He seemed equally depressed that her lips had left his. A purr rumbled to life within her when her feverish breasts pressed against the cool strength of his chest.

Instead of tearing at his pants, Lioness surprised herself when her arms wrapped around behind him. She began to rub her cheek against his hard body and, though she lacked the scent gland in her human guise, the simple action soothed some of the inferno that raged within her. Apparently, her subconscious had picked up a desire within him for a gentle, romantic, lover.

She could hear the rapid beat of his heart; feel the flush of blood through his veins. Even still, when his arms responded to her pose to surround her with the safety of his embrace, his flesh felt cool in comparison to the heat, both literal and figurative, that she had suffered for that eternal day-and-a-half. The purr within her torso redoubled in strength until it shook both of their bodies.

"Lioness." His voice was a mere whisper but the promise within it echoed through her body as if it had been a thousand decibels. A shudder passed through her body. Her legs melted, unable to hold up her weight. Only the strength of their combined embrace held her up.

Electron dipped a hand down to cup her ass and lend additional support. She didn't need animal instincts or heightened senses to understand what he wanted. Although he already held most of her weight, it was no simple matter to bring her legs up to wrap them around his waist. His mere presence seemed to sap her of her will to move.

He tightened his grip once she was secured. It caused her body to ship upward. For a timeless moment, her world seemed to explode. Lightning, that had nothing to do with his powers, arced between her nipples when they rubbed against his abs and pecs. Her thin cotton bikini offered no protection when the seam of his jeans rubbed harshly against her clit. Her loins went nova, pressed against the hard length of his shaft.

Before she knew it, a cloud pressed against her back and wrapped itself slightly around her shoulders. Even with that security, Lioness felt the utter, universal, loss that his body no longer warmed her. If her own body hadn't continued to twitch helplessly from the electrical explosion, she'd have sought him out. As it was, she couldn't even bring herself to open her eyes.

The next thing she felt, even as her body finally began to calm, were his fingers as they delicately plucked at the thin sides of her underwear-cum-costume. Apparently, Lioness could at least lift her hips to allow him space to easily remove the offensive garment. Her body complained when she had to lower herself so that he could slip it past her feet. Her proper posture was to grant him as much access as possible.

The cool air of Lioness' room bore both a cool balm to her feverish skin but also a sharp bite to an area that had transcended beyond mere heat. The freedom from clothing, that the breeze acknowledged, caused her loins to spasm uncontrollably, demanding the attention of the fertile, strong, male presence.

"I was going to go down on you, but I suspect that would actually be a torment. Wouldn't it? When all I have to do is brush a finger against you?"

Electron suited his actions to his frustrating prattle. Of course, if Lioness had paid a bit more attention to what he was saying, rather than wish desperately he would just fill her already, she would have been prepared. His finger lightly traversed across her tight ass, once around the entirety of her gasping pussy and finally flicked across her swollen clit. Once more, her world exploded and her body felt as if she had been thrown into an electrical generator.

All Lioness could articulate were whimpered screams. It was the closest she could come to eloquent demands that he fuck her. Her entire body felt like lead, except for the hips, which seemed filled with helium. She could feel the strain on her inner thigh muscles that said they were spread as far apart as she could manage. All she could think was that his body, his hips, his dick, would fill the void she felt and allow her a measure of peace during the unendurable inferno.

The mattress shifted beneath her and she, finally!, felt the solid mass of his hips press against the insides of her thighs. Her legs began to shiver, prepared to give way the moment he took control. His hands slid beneath her to cup and grope her ass. Muscles within her core seized for a moment before they released entirely. She was now fully his and all she had to do was ride the sensation and allow him to fill her with his seed.

The tip barely pressed against her and Lioness began to shake and cry out. How had she never managed to slip her various guardians before and experience this? She'd never thought much about sex before she reached her majority, being a bit on the bookish side while her friends happily got it on like hormone-crazed rabbits. And then came the experiment where she lost legal control over her own sexuality.

Surely, this wasn't right! He had her legs spread directly opposite each other. How could it be that he'd only just begun and it already felt like he was going to tear her in half?

Yet each delicious inch that he pushed himself deeper inside of her was unparalleled bliss. It hurt but compared to the burning frustration she'd lived with for nearly a decade it was Heaven. Agonizing ecstasy!

Electron paused for a moment. Lioness could feel from the way he clutched her hips and ass that he continued to push. There was simply no farther for him to go. It didn't really matter that she was freakishly small. The way his muscles rippled, his hands groped, his mouth dropped open, Electron was content. It might not be ultimate satisfaction but it seemed close enough that he would fill her needs and satisfy her continually until her heat receded.

A sharp tear caused Lioness to shriek out in genuine anguish. Something had broken deep inside her core. Sex ed. had taught her it was normal and natural but book knowledge meant nothing in the face of overactive animal instinct. Her primal mind, very nearly all she had left, insisted that she was now defective.

A loud moan proved Electron shared her relief that he was once more free to push himself deeper. Although he did, a moment later he began to retreat.

The quick pace he beat, in and out of her, rapidly shifted the pain of her ripped flesh into a dull aching throb beneath the building pressure of heat he pumped directly into her core. Rather than a distraction, the rhythmic thump of pain blended with his forceful tempo and filled her mind with a haze of static.

This time, the precipice was not nearly as dramatic. Lioness had never fully been brought out of orgasm so the fresh explosion acted more as a wave that crashed across an already flooded plain. Her body went limp, her only motion the random twitches of out-of-control muscles.

Lioness lost track of time. Everything that she had resisted, that her legal guardians had tried to deny her, proved to be the peaks of celestial bliss. She enjoyed the sense of accomplishment when the team foiled a super-powered menace, not to mention the thrill of the danger, but they were nothing compared to this. This was the reason for which her life had been focused. This was the ultimate purpose of the experiments she had undergone!

A discordant flutter crept into Electron's perfect tempo. He seemed to swell inside her, a feat patently impossible since she knew he simple had to already be super-humanly large. The blessed mass that pushed her aside began to pulse spastically even as his rhythm faltered out of sync. Rather than mar the euphoric symphony, however, her body accepted it as the ultimate crescendo and drowned her consciousness in a swell of sensation.

Lioness couldn't breath by the time Electron collapsed bonelessly on top of her. After a moment, he seemed to remember the discrepancy in weight and rolled off to her side as he, also, tried to catch his breath.

The soreness of her torn flesh had almost completely become subsumed beneath the aches of a pussy pounded raw, hips held wide and muscles abused by chaotic demands. Each of the pains seemed a gift, however. A trophy her mind wrapped in memory to cherish in the dark times between her periodic cycles.

At some point, Electron had grown limp and fallen out of her. Despite the catalogue of minor injuries, he wasn't done with her yet. He couldn't be! She had more than a day left and, now that she had experienced what it was supposed to be like, she couldn't imagine the horror of being locked in alone once more.

"More?" She mewled in a barely audible voice?

Electron chuckled, not even opening his eyes. "God damn! Somehow, I managed to keep going for half-an-hour. And that's just cumming! You had to have been going for something like forty-five minutes. Frankly, I'm not sure how I did it the first time!"

Although weak, Lioness managed to roll onto her side. One of her arms lay trapped beneath him but that was fine. She used the last of her strength to flop her free arm over him and pull herself to snuggle against his chest. That was one thing even her instinct understood; the need to rest and recharge occasionally.
