 This is a recount of things that have occurred in my own life. I am not really concerned whether you believe me or not. The point is to broaden you mind as to the possibilities that exist. Religion has destroyed what I believe can be a wonderful relationship with a loving creator. Please enjoy.

*

It began as an ordinary day.

I got up, showered with my wife. (It's always more fun to shower with someone, other than by yourself.) Got ready for church. We loaded up the kids and off we went.

From there, everything was different. 

When we first walked in, I was met at the door by one of the greeters of the church. Nothing out of the ordinary, it was like this every Sunday. As soon as I shook her hand, everything changed.

I was suddenly shown the image of her, naked, bouncing up and down on some guy I did not recognize, and shrieking like a banshee. She was obviously in the throws of passion and really enjoying herself. This image lasted for what seemed at least ten minutes. I could see her tits bouncing up and down as she ground her pussy against this stud she was riding. Her nipples were erect, pushing outward making the skin of her breasts tight. 

It was as if I had a video camera and could change angles; zoom in, all the things that you would normally see on a porn movie or something.

I could see the moisture of her pussy as she lubricated herself sliding up and down on his pole. Her pussy lips would tighten and grip him as she pulled up, and then they would open just a bit on each down stroke. She would pull herself up off of him just a little, to the point that just his head was in her pussy and then once again she would slam herself down onto his cock. As she started to come, she threw her head back and then collapsed on top of him.

It was very, very erotic and nothing like what I would have expected from this quiet, reserved woman who sat at the back of the church. 

The vision ended when we stopped shaking hands. It was only a few moments, but seemed much longer. And I was the only one who had seen anything.

As I took my normal post at the soundboard and got everything set for the morning worship, I called my wife over so I could ask her if she had seen anything. 

As soon as she touched me, I was greeted with an image of her on her knees with a guy with a huge cock fucking her from behind, as she was desperately sucking on a cock in front of her. Sweat glistened off of their bodies and I could tell they had been going at it for a while. Every time the guy behind her would shove his cock into her hot, tight pussy, she was arching her back and pushing her ass towards him to meet every stroke. She was deep throating the cock in front of her, and he was close to shooting his load. 

I could see her body tense as her orgasm overtook her. She began shaking, and her moans tuned into screams. The guy she was sucking on began to come, shooting his cream all over her face and tits. The guy behind her was steadily fucking her, causing her orgasm to build and multiply. When he finally shot his load, he was ramming her so hard it looked as if she was being pushed across the floor.

"What do you need Honey?"

I was taken aback for a moment as I was brought back into the reality of the real world.

"Did you notice anything weird when we were greeted by Mary this morning?" I asked.

Michelle answered, "I wasn't crazy about her dress, but other than that, no. Why, what's wrong?"

"I'm not sure. But answer me this, are you thinking about sex right now?"

Michelle looked puzzled. "Yes, but I don't think we have time to do anything about it now," she chuckled.

"Tell me, honestly, honey, were you thinking about me?" I was hoping that this would give an idea of what I was seeing.

Michelle answered, "Yes, why do you ask?"

"I am seeing images, and I'm not sure what to make of them. Let's talk about this more later, okay?"

She flashed her beautiful smile at me, gave me a kiss and went and sat down.

I have always heard people talk about how God speaks to them, but I wasn't really sure about it. As I was sitting there working my magic with the soundboard, a voice spoke to me.

"I am showing you their innermost thoughts and feelings Scott."

I looked around trying to figure out were this voice was coming from. There was no one around.me, but I heard the voice again. 

"Yes, Scott. I am the Lord, and I am speaking to you. Do not be afraid. I have an important job for you to do. My children have lost their way. They have clouded my plans with their own agendas and have completely made a mess of the way sex was to be used. I created sex to be enjoyed. But I do have rules, rules that cannot be broken."

"What do you want me to do?" I asked.

"I want you and Michelle to be teachers of the way I intended sex to be. Study my Word, open yourself to what I have to say to you, allow yourself to be used by me, and you will be blessed beyond your wildest dreams. I want my children happy."

Okay, now I am freaking out a little. This can't really be God, can it? And besides, he was talking about sex. You never, ever talk about sex in church. At least, I had never heard anyone talk about sex before. 

"Go, place your hands on Christy's shoulders, and you will see what her sex life is really like."

The voice again. I looked over at Christy and wondered what I should do. I had heard that Christy and John were very straightforward about sex. Missionary position only, nothing else. I'll admit I was curious as to what I might see.

"I walked over to Christy and placed my hands on her shoulders. Suddenly I was in their bedroom with them, watching them. Just as I thought, John was on top, Christy on bottom. After a few strokes John shot his load, rolled over and gave her a peck on the cheek and promptly went to sleep.

"Well that sucks" I thought to myself. I was thinking everything was done, when Christy got out of bed. She walked over to her dresser and opened the bottom drawer. After moving some things around she pulled out a red satin bag. She walked into her bathroom.

I followed.

Once in the bathroom I was greeted with the sight of an enormous dildo! It was at least two inches thick and about a foot long with balls. That's what she had in the bag! She removed her gown and began slowly rubbing her breasts. Her nipples quickly grew hard from the attention they were receiving. I was surprised at the size of her nipples. They were about a half-inch around and stuck out twice as far.

I was amazed I had never noticed them before.

With one hand rubbing her tits, her other hand quickly found its way to her pussy. She began rubbing only the outside of her pussy lips, very lightly. I could see her skin respond with every touch. Her pussy was already glistening with her own juice as she began to rub up and down her slit. She separated her lips and slowly inserted a finger into her, now, very wet cunt. Soon after, she went to two fingers and then three. She wasn't wasting any time. Her moans were growing louder as she reached for her very realistic looking friend. She slowly pushed the dildo into her pussy and savoring every sensation it was giving her. The sound of every vein of the dildo could be heard as her juices allowed easy entry. It filled up every inch of her pussy as she went balls deep.

Beginning to fuck herself, her other hand found it's way to her clit. Rubbing her clit, she was now starting to get pretty loud. Her moans were keeping time with her fucking. Faster and faster, she thrust the cock into her pussy. "Fuck me harder!" she said. She was imagining some unseen lover fucking her hard. To quench the cravings of her pussy, she began thrusting the cock deeper and deeper.

Nearing her orgasm, she moved a hand to her ass and began to finger herself. She was screaming with pleasure while the dildo pumped her pussy, and her fingers pounded her ass. As she began to come, juices were squirting out from around the dido. She threw her head back as she came for the second time.

Positioning the dildo underneath herself, she began to grind back and forth against the enormous cock. She was squeezing her breasts and pulling hard on her nipples. As her third orgasm gripped her, she was now screaming "Oh, God. Yes! Oh, my God. Fuck me some more!"

She began to shake as her orgasm subsided. Placing her hands on her knees, she rested from the fucking she had just given herself. Standing up, the dildo gave a small pop as she removed it from her pussy. This caused her to jump just a little. She very lightly circled her clit, giving herself pleasure for a few moments more. She then began to clean herself up, careful to make sure there was no evidence of what she had just done. She placed the dildo in the bag, and kissed the tip of the head before closing the bag. Walking into her room, she put the dildo away. While climbing into bed, I noticed her smiling and looking very much like a, well-fucked, satisfied woman.

As my hands came off of her shoulders, She looked at me and smiled.

"How are you this morning, Scott?" Christy asked. She was completely oblivious to the scene I had just been shown. 

"Great, and how are you and John doing?" I was doing my best not to look flustered.

"Not too bad" she replied, "About the same as usual."

As I walked back to my desk, I felt bad for Christy. It must be terrible to go through life hiding things from your husband. And even worse, not being able to enjoy some type of satisfaction from making love to him.

"That is what I want you to help them with Scott. They need to know the truth about how to enjoy each other, to enjoy sex as much as possible"

"But what, exactly, do you want me to do about it?" I asked. "I can't exactly invade their bedroom, and I don't know how receptive they would be to a conversation about this."

"Let me worry about that. You just be willing to be used. I will instruct you and Michelle as to what you need to do. First, I want you to be familiar with all the people here. Once that is done, we can begin the teaching."

Even though this experience was strange and happening very quickly, I felt a peace about it all. I was honored to be given such a responsibility.

Next, I walked over to Becka, one of our teens in the church. She had just turned 18 and had always been the image of purity. I knew that there would be no surprises here. As I approached her, she smiled and stood up to give me a big hug.

As soon as she touched me, she stood before me naked. And I do mean me! Her thoughts were about me! I felt kind of strange standing there watching myself, but I was more amazed at Becka's body. She always dressed very prim and proper, nothing tight fitting or too revealing. As far as any one could tell, she was overweight and kind of frumpy.

Boy, were we all wrong. Her breasts were large and firm, with large erect nipples. She was very slim and in excellent shape, with a slender waist going to a perfectly shaped ass. She was clean-shaven and had a beautiful bald pussy. She, truly, was sight to behold.

"Use me as you wish, Scott, for I belong to you" she spoke.

The "me" in the dream walked up to Becka and quickly grabbed her by her long blond hair, forcing her to her knees. My cock was long and hard, and I moved her head towards me and pushed my cock into her mouth. Being unaccustomed to the size, she gagged at first, but quickly got a rhythm going. She sucked on me for some time, moaning loudly and enjoying the cock in her mouth.

I moved her head away from my cock and pulled her up. Looking in her eyes, I said to her, "You've been a very naughty girl, haven't you?"

I proceeded to sit down in a chair and pulled her across my knees. Her ass was stuck up in the air, and I began to rub my hands over the smoothness of her cheeks. 

"There is only one way to deal with a girl who has been bad and that is to give her a good spanking." 

As the words left my mouth, I brought my hand up and came down across her ass with a loud slap. She jumped a bit but did not resist. I smacked her again and asked, "You have been a very bad girl, haven't you?"

"Yes, I've been very bad." She replied.

With another slap across her ass, I continued, "What bad things have you been doing?"

"I have been touching boys private parts"

"Their what? You can do better than that! Just what exactly have you been doing?"

"I have been touching their penises"

"Come now, Becka, use the words I have taught you, and tell me what you have been doing."

"I have been touching their cocks, with my mouth" she said.

Smack! "Is that all, Becka?"

Smack! "No sir. I have let them touch my pussy as well."

Smack! "Have they fucked you?"

Smack! "Yes."

"What else have you done?"

"I have let them touch my ass. I have let them fuck my ass."

Smack! "Did you like it?"

Very softly she says, "Yes"

"What?"

Louder this time, "Yes!"

I continued to spank her ass turning it a bright red color. With every smack, her moans grew louder, and her pussy was so wet that its juices began to run down her leg.

"You're pussy is very wet, does it need some attention?"

"Yes, please!"

Slowly, I began to touch just the outside of her pussy lips. I was allowing my fingers to brush her skin, and this caused her to arch her back. Raising her ass in the air, I knew she wanted more of my touch. Next, I spread her lips and began to rub up and down her velvet slit. Her desire for more was building with every stroke.

As I pushed a finger into here wet cunt, her pussy contracted. She was overwhelmed with desire. "More please, give me more!" she begged.

I inserted another finger and then another. Continuing to fuck her, I added a fourth finger into the tightness of her pussy. She began to push back against me and was fucking herself against my hand. I slowly slid my thumb into her ass, and as I did, she was overcome with her first orgasm. As she came, I started fucking her even harder and deeper to intensify her pleasure.

When her orgasm subsided, I quickly stood and inserted my cock into her ass. Upon entry, she gripped the back of the chair and began to moan. I slammed, all of my eight inches, into her with as much force as I could. As I fucked her relentlessly, her body started to convulse. She screamed as she came yet again. Her body was bucking from the intense feelings that she was having.

I slowed my pace to enjoy this moment. Rubbing my hands across her tight, young ass was giving me such a feeling of power. Each time I went into her, my cock swelled with the anticipation of release. As I felt my own orgasm approaching, I pulled out of her, and pushed her to the floor in front of me. As my seed erupted from my cock, she grabbed hold of me and swallowed as much as she could. A few drops landed on her cheeks, but she didn't miss much.

As she stepped away from me smiling, I was once again brought into reality. I could not get over what I had just seen and was amazed that it was me she was fantasizing about!

"She has these desires, yet feels that they are sin. So she hides her true feelings and locks them away so that no one will see. She should accept them. I put these desires within her when I created her. She needs to be shown that she can embrace these feelings and enjoy the fulfillment of her desires."

"But what about her feelings about me?" I asked. "She should not be thinking about me in that way, should she?"

"She finds you attractive and knows you as someone close. She does not feel threatened by you. She doesn't think there is any way that any thing like that could ever happen. You being the object of her fantasies allow her to feel safe. She does not desire a relationship with you, just sex"

"And that's okay?" I asked.

"Yes"

"But what about adultery, fornication, the sin of lust? Shouldn't we avoid those feelings?"

"All of those laws have been miss-interpreted by men. They have used them to suit their own agendas. I will teach you my ways so that you will be able to pass the knowledge onto others so that they might know the truth. I will speak through you, teaching my ways. I will take you to places you never thought existed. Allow yourself to be used, and you will be blessed beyond measure."

"So... you are going to teach me how to fuck?" I asked.

"That and so much more."

"Then let the teaching begin."