 This story is the property of the author. It is not to be changed in any way, nor published or shown at other web sites without the permission of the author. 

Please provide feedback, if you choose. All comments appreciated. 

The jet touched the runway without a sound or hint of movement. Nice job, thought Paul as he waited for the plane to taxi to the Terminal. He gathered his carry-ons and waited his turn to exit the airplane. The pilot was standing outside the cockpit door as Paul walked by to deplane. 

"Great landing," Paul told him, "a definite ten!" The pilot grinned and thanked him as Paul stepped into the Jetway and continued to the Terminal. He picked up his baggage and proceeded to pick up his rental car. Paul drove out of the airport to the interstate that would take him to his hotel. He parked, checked in and rode the elevator to his floor. The bellhop carried his bags into the room and Paul tipped him handsomely as he left. He showered and changed to casual clothing and prepared to go to dinner. There was a great steak house in this city and Paul was a regular customer each time he came here on business. Tonight would be no different, a couple of cocktails before dinner, a thick rare porterhouse steak with all the trimmings, a hearty red Zinfandel with his meal and a topped off with a mellow after dinner brandy. Not a bad way to spend an evening, he thought.

He awoke next morning eager to tend to business. Paul had several meetings with clients and would be involved with business late into the night. A special client that he hoped to close a very large business arrangement could not meet with him during the business day. The client suggested a dinner meeting instead. Paul returned to his hotel to freshen up before his dinner meeting. He read the paper as he waited for the appointed time when the telephone rang. "Paul?" said the voice, "this is Dale." Paul returned the greeting and listened while Dale told him that he would unable to meet for dinner. "Look Paul," Dale continued, " As far as I'm concerned, it's a done deal. I just faxed the signed contract to you at your office." 

"Thank you, Dale, I appreciate your business, but I was looking forward to dinner tonight to trade lies and stories," Paul joked.

"Me too," laughed Dale, "believe me, I'd rather be dining out than flying all night to Europe, but that's how it crumbles, pal. You know that," he added. Paul thanked him again for the contract as Dale told him that the total amount was nearly twice what they had discussed. "Besides," Dale continued, "now you can save on your expenses without me ordering the most expensive item on the menu." The two men talked a few minutes more and Dale said goodbye and hung up. Paul was pleased with the final outcome and decided to treat himself to a great dinner anyway. It was too early for dinner so Paul decided to browse through the usual information pamphlets in most hotel rooms. He was leafing through a pamphlet when he saw an ad for vacationing in Virginia. The name triggered his mind instantly. A former co-worker and friend, now deceased, had moved to this city about a year ago before his fatal heart attack. His wife, Virginia, chose to remain here and lived somewhere in this city. Paul wondered about how she was getting along since Jeffrey's passing. He picked up the phone book and began leafing through the pages until he spotted the name, Virginia McAllister. He dialed the number and a woman's familiar voice answered. "Hello, Jinni?" he asked.

"Yes, who is this?" the woman asked.

"It's Paul Carson, from Chicago, remember me?"

"Oh yes, Paul, I do remember you. How are you?" 

"I'm, fine. How have you been getting along since," Paul stopped mid sentence realizing that he might have said the wrong thing.

"That's ok, Paul, I've been able to deal with Jeff's passing, don't be embarrassed." They recalled the many good times that Paul, Jeff and Jinni had spent together. He and Jeff had joined the company at the same time and had become very good friends. When Jeff met and married Jinni, they continued the friendship and the three of them seemed inseparable. Jinni good naturedly, tried to fix him up with several of her friends, trying to spark a romance for Paul, but without results. Paul was not ready for a serious romance, but had no problem dating the gorgeous girls Jinni fixed him up with. 

"I came into town today on business and finished early. I didn't know if you still lived here or had gone elsewhere. When I looked in the phone book I saw your name and decided to call you," Paul explained. Jinni told him she was glad he called and was pleasantly surprised. They talked for nearly thirty minutes. Jinni said that she was working in Real Estate and had a house showing for a client late this afternoon and would be in the city until seven pm. "Perhaps you could meet me for cup of coffee or a drink after your appointment," Paul suggested.

"Yes, that would be nice, Paul. I'll meet you at Giovanni's Restaurant for a drink and chat," Jinni agreed. "Oh, Paul, dress is casual at Giovanni's," she added, "see you at seven." They hung up and Paul changed to slacks and sport shirt. He waited until six thirty then left for the restaurant in a taxi, since he didn't want to try to find the restaurant in the dusk. Arriving, Paul got a table and a cocktail and waited for Jinni. Right on time Jinni walked through the door, spotted Paul and moved toward the table. She was tall, great figure, long legs with a lovely pair of breasts that gently jiggled and swayed when she walked. Her black hair was cut short she wore jeans with a white top and a sport coat. She looked just as gorgeous as he remembered her. He stood up when she reached the table and they embraced like friends and sat down. They exchanged stories and remembrances for a while when Paul asked her if she had had dinner. Jinni replied that she hadn't and they decided to order. After dining they had another drink and talked some more about old times and Jinni's new life as a Realtor. Jinni had a wonderful laugh and a great smile. They talked and sipped their drinks until nearly eleven pm. Paul looked at his watch and said he had an early flight. 

He paid the check and asked the cashier to call for a taxi. Jinni volunteered to drive him to his hotel as it was on her way. Paul got out of Jinni's car at his hotel, thanked her for a lovely evening and went into the hotel. He got to his room and began to undress when there was a knock on the door. Opening the door he saw Jinni standing there with a grin on her face. He barely said hello when she barged into his room, whirled about and kissed him. Paul returned the kiss eagerly as Jinni's hand clasped his cock through his slacks. "Paul, I need you badly," Jinni said as she began to pull his clothes from his body. "It's been nearly a year since I have had sex and I just couldn't stand another night without it," she added. His hands clutched at her and he quickly removed her top. Her lacy white bra nestled her lovely breasts tightly and Paul marveled at how great they looked in her bra. In a fluid movement Jinni was out of her jeans and stood in her bra and white thong panties. She playfully pushed Paul onto the bed on his back and pulled his boxers off. His cock of seven inches was erect and pointing towards the ceiling. Jinni sensuously removed her bra and her breasts seemed to rise up. They were conical, large with deep pink areolas, and tipped with hard erect nipples that stood out from her breasts. She turned to show him her thong as she slipped it off and let it fall to the floor.

Her bush was neatly trimmed black curls with her treasure nestled lower and below her bush. Paul saw reflected light glisten from her moist pussy as she climbed on the bed. She crawled along his body until her lips were over his and she kissed him deeply and tenderly. "God, I'm so glad you called me, Paul," she moaned and kissed him passionately probing for his tongue. Jinni kissed and nibbled his neck as she drew her tongue to his nipples and began licking them and trying to suck the small nubs into her mouth. Paul loved to have his nipples licked and played with and he moaned in pleasure as Jinni spent an inordinate amount of time licking his sensitive nubs. She rose and rubbed her fabulous breasts all over his face, stopping to let him pull a nipple into his mouth to lick and suckle. Jinni turned her body so she could lick his nipples as he sucked hers. Again she rose, drew her body up to straddle his shoulders and lowered her sweet pussy just above his mouth. Paul inhaled her scent, watching the moistness seep from her closed cuntlips. Her fragrance spurred his arousal even higher as his nostrils filled with her aroma. He lifted his head a bit and kissed her pussy as though it were her mouth. Jinni shuddered at the kiss as she moaned in pleasure.

She lowered her sweet cunt to his lips and he covered it with his mouth. His tongue darted out to flick along the edges of her closed cuntlips as she trembled with arousal. Paul teased her for a few seconds then parted her closed cuntlips with his tongue to lick between them. He plunged his tongue deep into her pussy to lick her inner cunt walls, as she groaned in sweet agony. He felt her clit sliding out of its hood to press against his mouth begging for attention. Paul's tongue flicked over her clit, swirled around it then sucked it into his mouth to suck it in and out. Jinni was nearly to the edge as she gasped and sighed with pleasure, rolling and grinding her pussy and clit into Paul's mouth. Quickly, Jinni turned into a sixty-nine position and began to lick Paul's cockhead and shaft. Her pussy covered his mouth and he continued tonguing her pussy and clit, while she expertly took his cock into her mouth. They both moaned and gasped as they sucked one another. It seemed as though Jinni could not get enough of Paul's cock. She kept kissing it, hugging it to her face and sucking it ravenously. Paul lifted his head higher to see her tender little rosebud trapped between her asscheeks. He kissed it and she shuddered. He began to lick and ream it with his tongue and she trembled and quivered as his tongue pleasured her sweet rosy asshole. Paul kissed her rosy asshole once more then resumed licking and sucking her cunt and clit.

Jinni's juices flowed heavily over Paul's face and mouth. He could feel her twitch each time his tongue touched her clit. Jinni was close and Paul was not far behind as she licked hard on his sensitive cockhead. Suddenly, Jinni stiffened and cried out as her body shook in a massive orgasm. She spewed her cunt nectar all over his face and mouth. Paul redoubled his efforts on her cunt and she spasmed through another orgasm. Each time he flicked her clit with his tongue Jinni would spasm and cum. Jinni had a death grip on Paul's cock with her mouth. Through her multiple orgasms she never once released his cock from her mouth. Paul uttered a guttural groan and erupted in a savage orgasm, spewing his semen deep into Jinni's mouth and throat. Jinni gulped and swallowed his frothy thick white cum. She waited for more and he erupted again as she tongued his super sensitive cockhead. Paul closed his eyes and gritted his teeth as her tongue lifted the sensations in his cockhead to a new level. He could hardly stand Jinni's intense tonguing of his cockhead. Finally, Jinni collapsed on his body, breathing hard and gasping for air. Paul, too, had a difficulties drawing air into his lungs and nearly passed out from the super sensitivity of his cockhead. Neither of them could move nor easily recover their senses as they lay in bed one on top of the other.

Jinni stirred first and seemed to slowly recover from her multiple orgasms. She turned and moved up along Paul's body seeking his lips to kiss him deeply. He returned the kiss eagerly, tasting his thick cum on her tongue. She, in turn, licked his cheeks glistening with her juices and nestled her head on his chest and shoulder. "Jinni, that was incredible," Paul remarked in a gasping whisper.

"Oh, Paul, I needed that so badly. I haven't had sex since Jeff died," she whispered in his ear, "I've been afraid to meet anyone for sex because of the aids thing, even though I've had a lot of offers," she told him. Paul kissed her again and thanked her for picking him to renew her sex life. She got on her elbows as she lay on him and smiled at him wickedly. "You know what I want you to do?" she asked him with a twinkle in her eye. Paul shook his head, no. "Do you remember Mandy who worked in accounting?" Jinni began. Paul nodded and thought to himself that no one could ever forget Mandy and her nymphomania. "Well, I want you to do to me what you did with her," Jinni said. Paul recalled how he had told Jinni and Jeff of Mandy's perversions, and of his own, one drunken night at their house. Jinni had been so aroused by Paul's stories of he and Mandy that she recalled she got wet just from listening. "Jinni, you know how wasted I was that night?" he asked Jinni. She nodded yes, but said that she still wanted him to do it even though he was sober.

"Who knows, it might even be better sober," she added. Paul smiled kissed her and nodded. He rolled Jinni onto her back and stood up. Taking Jinni by both hands he helped her stand. Paul placed two straight chairs about three feet apart in front of the bed. He helped Jinni climb onto the chairs with one foot on each chair and her back to the bed. She towered above him with her bush nearly at his eye level. He nuzzled the soft black curls of her bush and gently pulled at the hair with his lips. He licked her belly and around her navel before reaming it with his tongue. Paul drew his tongue along her hips and down to the crease where her thigh met her torso. Jinni quivered at each touch of Paul's tongue on her sensuous body. She sighed deeply as her hands grasped his head trying to pull his mouth to her sopping wet cunt.

Ducking under her legs and behind her, Paul kissed the firm flesh of her ass all over. Gently he nibbled at her asscheeks as Jinni gasped and trembled. He grasped an asscheek in each hand and spread them apart, holding them open with his thumbs. Paul drew his tongue down the cleft of her asscrack as Jinni shivered at his touch. He paused at her rosebud to kiss her rosy tight little asshole. Jinni shuddered when he licked her sweet rosy asshole, pushing his tongue hard against her rosebud. Paul withdrew from her asscrack, fearing she might cum before he was ready and he concentrated on licking and kissing her inner thighs. Jinni was moaning sighing in total pleasure as his marvelous mouth relentlessly teased and loved her body. Her juices coated her inner thighs and Paul licked up her sweet nectar. His lips kissed her cunt as though it was her mouth and she shuddered from the long awaited contact with her pussy. She sighed, trembling as his tongue drew along the sides of her closed cuntlips, circled the hood of her clit and down the other side. Paul diverted her attention by grasping her asscheeks and kneading them, thus preventing her from orgasm again. Jinni was going mad with passion. She needed to cum so badly, but she also reveled in being teased and kept on the cusp of orgasm without letting her cum.

Paul's grasped her cuntlips with his teeth and gently nibbled them and pulled them softly with his teeth. Jinni gasped and moaned, "Oh God, Paul…let me cum…please," she begged. Paul kissed her belly and slowly shook his head no, placing his finger over his lips, motioning her to be silent. He laid his cheek against her soft belly and held her tight as she trembled in his embrace. Her urge to cum abated somewhat and Paul returned to her sweet treasure nestled below her bush. He flicked his tongue across the edges of her closed cuntlips then rubbed his nose against her clit while it stood erect and engorged. Jinni whimpered and uttered a soft howl as Paul worked his magic. 

His tongue parted her wet cuntlips from the bottom, drawing his tongue upward to flick at her clit. Jinni shuddered and moaned, desperately needing release from this sweet 'torment'. She held his shoulders with her hands to steady herself, but Paul moved her hands saying, "Hold your hands behind your back, Jinni. I want you to cum standing up without any support," he whispered to her. Jinni quivered and did as she was told, praying for her release to come swiftly. Paul resumed licking her outer cuntlips driving Jinni relentlessly toward orgasm, but not allowing her to reach it. Jinni whimpered, gasped and began to sob as her body craved release that Paul withheld. "Please, Paul…let me cum, for God's sake Paul…I need to cum so badly," she sobbed. Ignoring her pleas, Paul continued licking her cunt gently, then suddenly plunged his tongue deep into her pussy. Jinni writhed, pleading for him not to stop and she ground her quivering cunt hard into his face. His mouth filled with her juices and he swallowed them. He covered her clit with his mouth to furiously suck it as Jinni writhed and wailed. Suddenly she screamed and exploded in a massive orgasm as her body shuddered. Her knees wobbled as she erupted again, spewing her cunt nectar all over Paul's face and tongue. Paul grabbed the writhing woman and held her tight as she orgasmed again as he licked at her clit. Jinni could no longer stand. Her legs betrayed her and she turned to fall onto the bed thrashing about in another sweet orgasm. 

Finally, her orgasm subsided and she became quiet. Jinni trembled through several mini after-cums then lay still breathing hard and gasping for air. Her eyes were shut and she slowly regained her senses quietly, smiling in satisfaction. "Oh my God, Paul. That was incredible…I've never cum that hard!" she told him. Paul climbed on the bed and began to circle her breasts with his tongue. Beginning at the bottom of the conical mounds he licked in concentric circles to her areolas, but avoided touching the hard erect nipple. Jinni moaned again as he did the same to the other breast. Finally his lips closed over her nipple and he sucked it deep into his mouth. He did the same to the other nipple, then grasped her breasts and shoved them together until her nipples touched one another. Paul took both nipples into his mouth at once and sucked them as Jinni moaned in ecstasy as he bathed her sweet nipples with his tongue. Paul wriggled his way between her legs and released her nipples from his mouth. He grasped her legs from under her knees and pulled her hips up. His huge cock, pulsating with desire, searched for the opening to her sweet cunt. Jinni reached under her body to guide the throbbing cock to her pussy, placing his cockhead between her sopping wet cuntlips.

Slowly, Paul glided his cock deep into her cunt. Jinni groaned in pleasure as his cock impaled her. She felt his balls lying on her asscheeks as Paul kept pushing until he was as deep as he could go. Jinni sighed and wrapped her arms around her lover whispering, "Yes…yes…yes, Paul, fuck me please, Paul, fuck me hard." Paul didn't waste time satisfying her wishes. He began to pump his huge member in and out of her tight cunt, not fucked in so many months. She moaned with pleasure and clenched his cock with her cunt muscles. Her cunt clasped his cock and pulled his foreskin back so his sensitive cockhead would be rubbed intensely by her cunt walls as he thrust it deep into her. She would clench his cock securely with her cunt to draw his foreskin over his cockhead as he withdrew on the backstroke.

Paul was in a delirium as Jinni fucked his brains out with her tight pussy compressing around his cock as if to strangle it. Jinni moaned and felt herself hurtling toward another orgasm from the wonderful cock fucking her. Suddenly, Paul grunted a deep guttural sound, his cock stiffened as he drove it as deep as he could and exploded. His warm thick white frothy cum spewed out of his cock to splash against Jinni's cunt walls. She too, erupted in orgasm as she felt the warm cum bathe her inner cunt. She wailed in sweet 'agony' as Paul continued to pump his seed within her. Jinni could feel the warm cum fill her and start to seep out of her pussy, coating Paul's balls. They remained coupled as their breathing was labored and they panted for air.
