 This is one of my first submissions, and I am fairly new to the field. Feedback would be MUCH apreciated. Thank you <3

---------------------------------------

His phone vibrated. New text message. It had been a long day, and he was reluctant to open it. When he got up the courage to, he froze. He hadn't heard from her in months, ever since he started dating Andrea, a relationship which had recently terminated. Apparently word got out he was back on the market and looking for a rebound, and this message proved that.

'Noah, honey, heard you were unattached. That must be hell for a stud like you. Want some help, or will your hand hold you over until the next one?'

Veronica had always been forward, but this was way more than he was used to. Was she offering what he assumed she was, he had taught himself never to assume, but this pretty must outlined it.

He struggled for a few minutes with a response, and settled on 'What do you mean?', always playing the innocent one.

He stared at his phone for a few moments, and jumped slightly when it vibrated.

'Save us both some time and assume for once in your life. My place, ten, be there or be square'

He scrambled for an excuse, and sent many, but there was no response to any of them.

It was late afternoon, so he spent many hours madly thinking over his options. The term fight or flight came to mind. Then after this realisation, he knew that flight was just not an option.

At 9:55, he somehow found himself at Veronica's place, allowing himself five minutes of panic time before he finally rung the bell. 

She opened the door. His memory of her didn't serve her well. She was absolutely gorgeous. 5'6'', D chest, nice ass, shapely legs, long brown hair that floated down her back, and deep brown eyes. She wore a short black leather skirt, high heels, and a tight fitting halter top that accentuated every curve.

She smiled at him as he looked her over, and once his eyes returned to hers, she invited him in.

"So Noah.." she said after she had served him a drink and they were sitting opposite each other in the living room "you dumped Andrea... pity". She smiled at that, and laughed slightly. "I always liked her"

He knew this was completely not true, so did she. She kept her eyes firmly on him the whole time, with a stare that made him want to look away. It softened slightly when she came and sat beside Noah and placed her hand on his thigh. 

'Now that she's out of the picture, do you miss it?'

'Not really, I enjoy being single' he replied.

'But doesn't it get lonely' she asked

'No, my life's exciting'

'I wasn't talking about you' she winked and licked her lips.

He was getting nervous now. He had just broken up with Andrea, he was over stressed, over worked. He didn't need these complications right now. 

"I'm not sleeping with you, Veronica"

She laughed and brought her hand up to show him her hand. She had a ring on.

"You're married?!?" he exclaimed.

"It's a purity ring, Noah; I'm a virgin and will stay that way until my wedding night"

He froze. Damn assumptions. He was let down, all the worrying was over nothing. He sighed.

"Whoa, slow down cowboy" she said. "I may be pure, but my intentions for bringing you here aren't. I offered you help. You know what kind. I fully intend on fulfilling that offer."

"So wait then what are..."

"Are you fond of those clothes?" she asked, cutting him off.

He looked down at his favourite pair of jeans and his plaid t-shirt.

"Yeah kind of..." he said, unsure of her intentions.

"Well then take them off before I rip them off you" she said, laughing and smiling at him.

He stared at her for a minute, hesitating. What had he gotten himself into? He hadn't seen Veronica in months, and now she was interested in some sort of unknown relationship doing unknown things and telling him to strip... this didn't sound good. It was precisely the fact that it didn't that made him reach to take off his shirt. Once that was off, she jumped at him and pushed him over on the couch.

"Now Noah, honey, just relax and let me take care of you," She said as she moved her hands along his body, her mouth going to his neck to lightly kiss and suck. He had to hold back making any noise as she started to work lower.

"See, told you these would get in my way" she whispered up at him as she slowly started to undo his jeans. "Oh, is he trapped in there? Poor little thing, he wants so badly to get out. Is he getting hard? Is he getting nice and hard for me?"

If he wasn't hard before, he sure was now. 

When she finally grasped his length, he let out a slight moan, her hands so soft against him. His full seven inches appeared, and he shivered as his warm cock met cool air. Once all clothing was removed, she started to strip. First went the halter top, revealing a tight leather corset that she wore underneath. Her skirt was then slowly removed, leaving only her black and red lace thong and the tight top.

She knelt in front of him, and looked up through her eye lashes innocently. Her gaze then returned to his core.

"Oh, Noah, I never imagined..." she sighed. "You are sooo big, sooo thick, sooo long, sooo hard and yet sooo soft I just want to... wait, never mind, I'll just show you instead"

She grasped his length with two fingers, stroking ever so lightly on the sides on the way up, and then on top and underneath on the way down. Then she would ever so lightly kiss the head before repeating the process over and over again. 

She blew cold air lightly over the swollen head, slowly, making him shiver with pleasure and need as he writhed and whimpered. His hands came down to her head, fingers entwining in her long hair, begging her silently for more. She ignored his pleas and continued her slow, almost torturous teasing along his hard shaft, blowing and huffing, warm then cold. He struggled to control his need, struggled to refrain from forcing himself deep inside her warm throat. She moved back towards the head, running the tip of her tongue along it, so gentle, barely touching it. When she reached the head, she stopped. A moan was forced from his quivering lips as she quickly flicked her tongue over the tip. He could not stand it anymore; the need was just too much. She knew it, and stared up at him with deep, innocent, brown eyes.

Her next movement was in complete contrast to her gentle introduction. She took the swollen head into her warm, wet mouth and sucked hard. He groaned at her onslaught. Her head moved faster, deeper, harder, as she brought him closer and closer to the edge. His hands forced her down, needing to control the pleasure that was spiking through him. Her hands came up, one grasping his hip, the other cradling his balls, the intensity of the sensations where almost too much for him as she worked him hard, keeping up the pace. The softness, the warmth, the suction, the stimulation, the passes of her tongue over the head, the pressure and the eye contact finally drove him over the edge. He screamed as he climaxed, as she swallowed it down her throat, massaging him, causing him to moan. She smiled and cleaned him up. He was extremely sensitive when she was done, and the little goodbye kiss she planted on the tip cause him to whimper. 

She stood up, kissed him briefly on the lips, and laughed slightly. "See, isn't being single much more fun?" she asked, receiving nothing more than a grunt from him as a response.

"Well that didn't seem very happy, must I try again?" She asked. She jumped to her knees and took him in her mouth intensely, even more so than before.

He was utterly torn between the sensitivity and the pleasure.

"Too much, too much...' he managed to whisper out. She simply ignored him and continued her movements at pace, even slightly sped up. He braced himself. Besides the heightened sensitivity and resent release he felt the climb begin once again and groaned as he became even harder in her mouth. It didn't take long before he was thrusting into her mouth with desperate need once again.

When he was nearing the peak, she stopped and went down to lick and suck gently at his balls. She returned and sucked gentle on the head, forcing all kinds of noises, some foreign to even him from his lips. He felt cum start to boil up once again as sweet pleasure shot through him, sweet release. He collapsed onto the sofa as she cleaned him off, this time coming up to his lips for the goodbye kiss. She turned to leave down the hall.

"Fell free to cum by again anytime..."she said as he heard her sweet laughter slowly disappear.

He finally stumbled out of Veronica's apartment an hour later, exhausted and spent. He knew that this was a day to remember. It was the day when he got his balls drained by a virginal vixen named Veronica.