 Andy was scared. She was having trouble breathing and concentrating, neither a good thing, as she hurtled down the road at 80 miles per hour. Her mind drifted back to the beginning, remembering vividly how all this had started.

THE BEGINNING.....

She was lonely. Much of her time was spent alone and the computer had become her friend. Tonight, she had found an esoteric chat room, inhabited by other nurses, people like herself, who enjoyed their work and their patients, who spent off-hours learning new things to improve the care of the people entrusted to them. There was a new guy online tonight. He was funny and smart, quite charming. Andy sat back and just enjoyed him, reading his comments and chuckling to herself. Her regular friends in the room were enjoying him also, many of the women vying for his attention. She was relaxed in her big, black chair, quietly spending her evening with people she had come to feel close to and trust. Suddenly, NURSEMAN turned his attention to her. He began asking about her work, her patients, her thoughts. Even though the others were chatting with him, she felt she was the only person in the room. Then, an IM box appeared and he began chatting with her privately.

This was new for Andy. As often as she chatted, she always did so in a room, never one-on-one. Suddenly, she felt shy and slow. But NURSEMAN was very nice, taking his time, asking her questions about nursing, not being intrusive or pushy. She found herself enjoying the dialogue and her answers became more involved, she felt freer. He introduced himself as Gene, from Florida. She told him that she was Andrea, but people called her Andy. She lived in Texas, nearly 800 miles away. Andy found herself relaxing even more. This would be safely distant, safely removed from her normal life.

She liked him instantly. He was clever and bright and had stories of patients and their antics that made her laugh. They began chatting nearly every evening. Gene had just recently been divorced. Andy's own marriage was floundering. Her husband was away more often, for longer periods, and she was home alone most evenings. Gene became her friend. He worked the midnight shift, so his evenings were usually free. During the day, at work, Andy would save tidbits to share with him. Soon, nearly everything became something she wanted to tell him. Still, she would fight the need to sign on the minute she walked in the door, would make herself change clothes, start a load of wash, begin making dinner. But the computer was there, beckoning her, luring her. Finally, she allowed herself to sit at the desk, curl up in her big chair and sign on. And Gene was usually waiting for her. It made her smile to see his happy HI! Then, she would truly relax, smiling contentedly as she began chatting with the man who had become so important to her.

At first, nursing talk consumed all their time. But, slowly, over time, they began to chat about their lives. The chat began with very inconsequential things, then moved to more intimate thoughts. She listened as he told her of his marriage and the hurt he felt when it ended. Andy told him of her husband, her disbelief that their relationship was falling apart. She had married him with such hopes and plans, she had expected to grow old with him, beside him. Gene seemed to understand. He let her pour out her heart to him and he listened. 

She found him so easy to talk with. He was smart and funny, kind and caring. When she became so sick with some virus, she told him she would be off-line for awhile, that she was too sick to chat. He asked if he could call her. Then he called every day, to cheer her, give her medical advice, and just generally make her feel better. Lying in bed, forgotten by her husband, the calls made Andy feel special again. Slowly, her self-esteem was boosted, slowly she felt important again.

When the virus ran its course and Andy was up and around, the daily calls continued. It wasn't as if her husband would notice. He was around less and less, always on the road with some work-related reason. Andy found herself moving into Gene's world, enjoying his calls, as he told her the little things that made his days and his life.

Then, so slowly, he seduced her. He made her feel special, intelligent, sexy. The talk turned to more and more intimate subjects as Gene led her inexorably into personal revelations and desires. She found herself aching for him, wanting to be with him. He never called her Andy, but said Andrea instead, insisting that the more formal name suited her. She loved hearing him say her name. He began whispering of things he wanted to do with her, to her. She could close her eyes and imagine it, feel his hands as they slid smoothly over her body. Her nipples began hardening at the sound of his voice, her pinkness began weeping for him as he spoke. He encouraged her, telling her to feel him, to let him touch, explore. Soon, her own fingers were busy, surrogate for his, touching and pleasing. She moved closer and closer to the edge, sure the next conversation would make her lose control. She fought it because it didn't seem right. Yet, she was totally under his spell, willing and wanting so much from him. The calls would frustrate her because of her battling feelings. Finally, she gave in, allowed herself to just feel and not think. Even so, the first time she came while talking to him, she was totally embarrassed.

She couldn't believe what had happened. Sex with her husband often left her aching and needy. She had learned long ago that if she wanted release and satisfaction, she needed to supply it herself. Now, she came while talking to Gene! How could she have done that? She could hear his voice, and slowly tuned into his words. "Ah, baby, my sweet baby, you have made me so happy. I loved hearing you come, knowing I helped you there. Andrea, you are such a good girl, my good girl!"

Andy listened to him, calming down, relaxing. Then, to her amazement, she began whispering to him too. Her words, things she had never before spoken, poured from her. She told him dreams she had had of him, thoughts she hadn't shared. She told him she was touching him, she was holding him. She was still too shy to say all the words, but her voice and tone told him so much. She could hear his breath coming faster, his speech becoming more erratic, then she heard him come. She felt a rush unequalled to anything in her life. She listened to the man who meant so much to her as he reached the summit, calling her name. She continued to purr soft words, voicing her affection.

This was a whole new adventure. Now the daily calls took on new meaning. They would still just talk, share their days, their thoughts. But eventually, the voices softened and the words changed and both of them would slip into a sexual haze that demanded completion. They made phone love, not phone sex. Their feelings were growing each day, warm and soft. It was important to them to share events of their lives. And it became even more important to share this, this total immersion of themselves with each other.

As the days passed, it seemed there were no secrets, nothing was sacred. Both could tell their private fantasies and desires, both were accepting. The lovemaking took on a whole new dimension. Sometimes, they were so hungry for each other that they barely said hello before words scrambled and feelings overwhelmed them. Sometimes, they just talked like two old friends. But underneath it all was the knowledge of what they could be together. 

Then, everything changed. Gene wanted to visit. He had to travel west for a conference, but could arrange to leave earlier, and spend a few days with her. Andy considered the wisdom of this. She knew her feelings for Gene had grown from mere friendship to more. When she heard his voice on the phone, her heart beat harder, faster. When he told her intimate things, she wanted to hold him and comfort him. Mostly, she dreamed of being with a man as loving and alive as he seemed to be. If he visited, what would happen?

Andy pondered her decision for days. She was lonely. She was alone. And she strongly desired Gene. He didn't rush her, didn't push for an answer. He just continued his daily calls, his sweet e-mails. More and more, Andy was aware of her growing feelings for him. Now the calls included soft words of desire and need, promises of things to come, tentative plans for meeting and being together. He was so sweet and he made her feel so special, a feeling she had all but forgotten. Suddenly, without any doubts, Andy told him yes. "Please come to visit me, Gene. I think it would be marvelous to have you here with me, even for a few days. I can show you around and spend time with you. There is nothing that could please me more. Yes, Sir, please come! 

The visit was so far away, then, suddenly, it was time. That morning, she was asizzle with excitement. She tried to keep things normal, follow her routine, but it was impossible. She did her early morning workout, her mind repeating "today is the day!" Everything was for him, her shower, her makeup, the clothes she would wear. Every move she made was one step closer to Gene, and she was very conscious of that. 

It happened that the visit coincided with her husband's business trip. He nonchalantly told her he would be gone most of the week, starting with Monday morning, the very day that Gene was arriving. It seemed too good to be true, having Gene near her for days and not having to worry about her husband. She convinced herself that it was a sign, that she was meant to be with him!

Andy was on the Interstate, driving to the airport... and Gene. She was scared. She was having trouble breathing and concentrating, neither a good thing, as she hurtled down the road at 80 miles per hour. Instead of warm, fuzzy Gene-thoughts, she was thinking of her husband and all the things he apparently found distasteful about her. What if Gene thought the same? What if he met her and found her unsuitable? Now her heart pounded for a different reason. She was sure this was a mistake, that he would see right through her and realize she wasn't worth a visit. As she drove, she became more convinced that she should turn around, head back to her empty house and stay there, alone. How could a man as sweet and caring as Gene find her acceptable? Damn, this was a big mistake! Then, the airport exit loomed ahead of her and she turned onto it. 

Her heart bumped along, filled with dread and dismay. She couldn't think of one reason for Gene to like her. He would quickly see her for the woman she really was, boring and dull, unable to keep her husband's attention, not worth his time. 

She was driving along the little roads, watching the signs, following the trail that would take her to her to him. She changed lanes efficiently, followed the maze to the correct gate and pulled into a parking place. Her cell phone rang. "We are just landing, Andrea. We had horrid weather coming into town and circled a few times. But I should be there soon. I can't wait to hold you, baby, to feel you in my arms. Soon, Andrea, so soon!"

As she waited, Andy made friends with the people milling around, waiting for their rides or a taxi. She smiled and chatted, nervous underneath, but trying not to show it. She watched for Gene. She had seen his picture online and knew she would recognize him immediately. Suddenly, he was there, exiting the automatic doors, looking directly into her face. Then he smiled. She could see the smile in his mouth and his eyes. He moved toward her like they were the only people there. He stood before her, then turned his head slightly and leaned down to kiss her mouth. Thoughts raced through her mind, about his beautiful full beard, the incredible fullness of his lips, the soft pinkness of them with the silvery hair surrounding. 

In slow motion, she watched his face move closer to hers. It was as if he were barely moving, she could see every millimeter of space as he moved through it. Then his mouth was on hers. Not the demanding, rough kiss of her husband, but a soft, learning kiss, barely touching, just a whisper of contact. She breathed deeply, inhaling his scent and taste as their lips continued to lightly graze each other. His hands moved to her upper arms, holding her gently. 

All Andy could think was how very sweet his mouth was, how incredible he tasted. Gene tasted pure and clean and delicious. She could have stood there forever, kissing him, learning him. Her body leaned into his and the kiss, the innocent kiss, deepened and lengthened. Her arms moved up his back, into his hair, holding him close. Neither seemed aware of the crowds. 

Then Gene straightened, moving almost imperceptibly away from her searching mouth. "I knew, Andrea, that it would be like this. I knew you would feel like this and we would be a good fit. Hello, sweet woman."

They parted reluctantly and Gene placed his bags in the car, after helping Andy back into the driver's seat. Then he climbed into the car, buckling his seat belt and leaning toward her for one more kiss. He sighed happily and settled back in the seat. "Let's go, Ma'am. I am anxious to start our time together, to get to our secret place where I can hold you and be with you."

As if they had been friends forever, the conversation flowed smoothly. They talked easily of his flight, the weather, the upcoming days. Andy still had powerful butterflies in her tummy, still wondering if he would like her once he spent time with her. Then, he leaned over and kissed her neck. The combination of his soft beard and his full lips on her tender flesh made her melt. They were still driving through the airport maze and Andy had to fight to keep her eyes opened, to pay attention to the directions. Desire won. She pulled into a hotel parking lot and gave her willing neck to his questing mouth. Then he kissed her mouth again, more intimately this time. The feelings Andy thought were dead suddenly flamed to life and she found herself leaning into him, frustrated by the distance between them and the obstacles of clothing and seat belts. 

Pulling apart, short of breath, they shakily agreed to get back on the road, to get to their secret place. The agreement didn't last long as Gene's hand slid under her shirt, touching the innocent skin of her sides and tummy. Everywhere his fingers moved, heat followed. Her flesh burned and tingled. By now, they were hopelessly lost in the airport. The exits all seemed the same, and Andy could think only of was being with Gene, feeling his body against hers. They pulled over again, trying to quench the desire that was overwhelming them. It seemed the more they kissed and touched, the more they wanted. Andy blushingly confessed that they had taken a wrong turn and might never get home. Her husband would have yelled and made her feel incredibly stupid. Gene laughed and kissed her softly, settling back to help her find the way out of the confusing maze.

Together, they made the corrections and began the trip back to her town. They talked happily, and the time flew. Andy felt as if there were a fire inside, an unstoppable fire that would consume her if not tended. Gene placed his hand, his soft, warm hand, on her bare arm and her eyes became unfocused. He watched her, saw her reaction, and suggested they pull off the road one more time. They pulled into a parking lot behind a huge building and turned to each other hungrily. Kissing appeased them for awhile, but both wanted more. The foreplay had started weeks ago and now they were insatiable. Hands slid needily over clothed skin, searching for access. Andy, never the aggressor before, wanted...needed to touch him, feel him. Suddenly, her small hand found him. She wrapped her fingers over his erection, hindered by his shorts, but unwilling to wait another minute. Gene stopped kissing her, looking into her eyes. "He is yours, Andrea. He belongs to you and has waited for so long for your touch. I imagined it a million times. May I really feel you now?" he whispered.

Andy could only nod and continue her search. Her fingers slid up his thigh, under his khaki shorts, stopping only when they encountered the firm, hot throbbing cock of her lover. She gasped, surprised by the utter size and heat of it. Her hand traced the bulging veins, the smooth flesh, into the soft, abundant curlies. Then up her fingers moved, up the length of him until she reached the ridge between the shaft and velvety head. She circled him, hearing the sharp intake of his breath. Her fingers continued to explore, suddenly covered with sticky precome that was pouring from the tiny opening. She slowly brought those fingers to her lips and slipped them in, sucking them deeply into her mouth, her eyes closed and moans of pleasure escaping. When she opened her eyes, Gene was staring at her, licking his lips and breathing heavily. 

She surprised herself by whispering, "Please, Sir, I need to taste you. I have dreamed of it, fantasized about it, waited all these weeks. I can't wait any longer. Just one taste, Gene, and I promise we will drive to our private place. I just can't wait!"

Gene nodded and leaned back in his seat, moving the leg of his shorts to expose the length of his erection to her gaze. Her eyes widened as she saw the entirety of his cock. It was beautiful. Huge and thick, yet sweetly pink as it throbbed on his naked thigh. She couldn't resist. She leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on the very tip, her tongue slipping out to gather the clear precome. She savored his taste, his scent. She buried her nose in his curlies, just barely exposed. He smelled so good! Her mouth opened and she covered the gleaming head with her warmth. Gene moaned and slid down further, encouraging her to accept more of him.

As her mouth stretched to envelope him, he could only watch with pleasure and delight. He could feel himself sinking into the joy of Andrea. His hips were beginning the dance against her face and he wanted to hold her head in place forever. He fought to gain control. Gently, he touched her head, urged her away from his aching erection. When she sat up, looking at him wonderingly, he kissed her softly. Then he whispered to her, "Let's go home, love. Let's go to our private place and really be together, please."

TO BE CONTINUED.....