 This is the sequel (as promised over a year ago) to "An Affair Begins." 46-year-old John accidentally meets beautiful 34-year-old corporate marketer Michelle in the supermarket and is immediately attracted to her. A second chance meeting at a school fete leads them to meet for drinks and dinner and an affair begins. Where will it lead, will they be found out by their respective spouses ... the argumentative Ben and Jennifer, the wife with too many other interests? 

***** 

Chapter One 

At last we had combined our bodies in wondrous adultery. It had taken almost 9 weeks since we met, but Michelle and I had eventually found sufficient time for us, meeting in a nice hideaway motel in a little hamlet outside of Sydney called Brooklyn, to consummate what we had both desired almost from Day One. What a great night we both had, exploring each other's bodies, learning the likes and dislikes of a new bed partner, soaking up lots of intense sexual pleasure that eclipsed what our respective spouses could provide these days. 

Naturally, I called Michelle at work the next morning to thank her for making the night possible. After all, it was she who had plotted and schemed to alter her work schedule in such a way as to be overnighting in a motel well distant from where her boss and her husband expected her to be. It was far easier for me, I only had to take a one-hour drive out of town and show up. 

"Yes, it was great for me too, the best there's been in a long while. John, you were really good, you made me feel like a new woman, not the mundane average one that I feel I've become these past few years." 

"Thank you, that's very generous to suggest," I told her, "so is it possible that we might be able to follow that up with another night just like it?" 

"Of course John, it has to happen ... but you're going to have to be patient. I don't know if I'm imagining things, but Ben seems very inquisitive about my schedule these days. I'm just going to have to keep an eagle eye out for an opportunity for us. I had such a good time John, that I can't wait for us to repeat it. I liked that you wanted to wait until our first time could be in a comfortable bed, even though at times I was so frustrated. Like that day I dropped by your office after work. Oh John, I so wanted you to take me right there on your hard desk." 

"Yes, I was very tempted, but at least I got to lick you out ... and you got to cum." 

"Oh I sure did, I doubt that I could have made it to last night if I hadn't. Listen John, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to cut this short, the rest of the team here are assembling in the board room for an important meeting and they're waiting on me. I'll be in touch as soon as I see an opening for us to get together again. Bye my love." 

I sat at my office desk, disappointed that our call had been so brief. I had also been so sure that we could slip away for another half-night really soon. Unable to continue the conversation with Michelle, I turned to my office email and typed out a particularly sensual message to her and hit send. 

She was back on the phone within the hour, "Please don't do that John." 

"Do what?" I had no idea what she was talking about. 

"Don't ever send that sort of message to my work email, please. Everyone here knows me as the happily married young business executive on the way up the corporate ladder. Goodness knows what it would do to my career prospects if they knew I changed my hotel arrangements last night so I could meet up with my new man and that we fucked ourselves silly." 

"I'm sorry, I didn't think it would be a problem. I sent it from my work email, I'm not aware that my company does any snooping on employee's personal messages. Does that happen at your place?" 

"I'm pretty sure it does, I deleted your message as soon as I saw it, we can't be too careful John. Listen, how about I give you my personal email address, then you can send anything you like to that." 

"What about your husband?" 

"I think I'm okay, I use a password that he would never guess so I doubt he could access it. We can't be too careful if we want this to last John." 

Oh, I wanted it to last alright. My body was still buzzing from the delight of having my cock buried deeply in Michelle's pleasure passage and the memory of all those inventive positions she came up with. 

The following days dragged by, I kept myself busy sending Michelle increasingly more intimate messages, telling her at first how I wanted to do all the things we had done this week at the Brooklyn motel, all over again. By week's end, I had expanded the range, began telling her of the things I proposed to do to and with her body the next time we could steal away. She did respond, but was only what I'd call lukewarm at first. It seemed that she wasn't accustomed to this sort of thing. That's a good thing indicating that she wasn't in the habit of regularly having affairs. Mind you, I wasn't either, so I was learning as I went along. One thing I did expect was that we would need to meet up for unbridled sex more often. 

Another week had passed and I began to question whether she was as keen as me to have an affair. But then, out of the blue, she called me Monday afternoon, "John, can you get way one night this week?" Before I could check my calendar and respond, she added, "Oh please say yes, I want you so much. I want to be with you and have you fill me, fill me with your hard erection." 

What was this, did she run hot and cold? She was definitely hot now, even sounded like she was breathing heavily. What was this, why only so-so after our first exciting night together about ten days ago, and now almost imploring me to meet her and give her the sex she implied she was craving. 

"Yes Michelle, it looks like I'm pretty clear all this week except for Thursday. I'm sure I can come up with some plausible excuse for Jennifer if it means seeing you again. What night would you like?" 

"What are you doing tonight?" Wow, Michelle sounded desperate like a junkie craving a fix ... was that it, was it possible she was some kind of sex addict who only on occasions felt this urgent need? 

"Umm! We could, I suppose, but it would sound more plausible for me at home if I gave at least 24 hours' notice. Can you hold it until tomorrow night Michelle?" 

"If I have to, but watch out John. Wanting you like I do, you better be ready when I am unleashed on you tomorrow night." 

"What's got you like this Michelle?" 

"I could probably give you all sorts of reasons like being hormonal, but the situation at home is probably the easiest to use." 

"Is Ben being argumentative again?" 

"Like you wouldn't believe darling. Still, that's my cross to bear, where can we go?" 

"Oh, I don't know, I hadn't actually thought about it." 

"How about that big hotel near your office where we met for drinks on our first date, could we get a room there?" 

"You mean the Radisson ... yeah sure, why not? We often book our out-of-town clients in there, so I can make it as a company booking." 

"Ooh, is that safe John, what if your boss starts asking questions when they see the bill and they realise that there was no client around that night?" 

"No, I'll pay for it myself. I just meant that I'll book it in the company name so it's not awkward when we arrive to check in." 

"Whatever you say John, just so long as I have a warm soft bed for us to do all the things we did last time and more ... what do you think?" 

"Sounds good Michelle, I'll be waiting in the bar at the Radisson tomorrow night from 5.30. You get there when you can." 

Okay, I should be able to make it from here by six." 

"That's great, and if you can exist on a room service dinner, we can have about 5 hours in bed together." 

"Oh definitely room service, I don't want to waste time in the bar or the dining room. I can't wait, see you tomorrow night my darling." 

My P.A. usually looked after such mundane matters as booking hotel rooms, but I chose to call the Radisson myself to book the room. They gave me the corporate rate. I went straight from the office at 5, checked in and went up to the room. I turned back the top sheet and called room service to order a bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice. 

A bit after 5.30, I went back downstairs to the bar and found a stool to sit and wait for my gorgeous brunette mistress. I checked my watch anxiously a number of times and at last as I noted 6.10, Michelle silently appeared at my side, "Yes, I am a touch late, sorry John." 

I was embarrassed to be caught looking at my watch, "No, I wasn't checking on you, just so eager to see you that I couldn't help regularly looking at the time." 

"I think I'll buy that," she told me but not looking totally convinced. "So, will I scramble up onto that stool and have a drink with you here or do you want to go straight up to our room." She paused, "You did get a room, didn't you?" 

"You bet I did, I've already got the key so we don't have to hang around the lobby." 

"And we don't have to hang around the bar either then. Can I get a drink sent up there, I'll need something? I think I'm nervous all over again." 

"Nervous, really? What for? It's not like this is our first time?" 

"No, it's just that it's been two more weeks. It's almost like we're starting out all over again." 

"I've got champagne up there, will that do?" 

"Yes, perfect, let's go darling, I want you where we can do whatever we want with each other and nobody can see us." 

I downed the last of my beer and slipped off the stool. She was wearing a respectable blouse and skirt, not remarkably sexy but she had come straight from work and looked quite the going places business woman. Although I did notice that her legs were clad in black nylon and I wondered if she was wearing pantie-hose or sexy stockings as she did last time. 

I proudly took the beautiful Michelle's hand and we walked together out of the bar and headed across the lobby. I hadn't expected to see anyone I knew so when I heard a loud male voice call out, "Hey John," I just thought John is a very common name ... it won't be me he wants. I didn't begin to panic until I heard it again, "John, hey John!" 

I let Michelle's hand go and turned my head around. It was one of my company's clients who was chasing across the lobby after me. I turned back to Michelle, both of us slightly panicked, "Go into the shop, I'll find you when I can shake this guy off." 

She hurried on without looking back and I turned around to greet the client, "Hi Martin, how goes it?" 

"Yeah great John ... say, was that your wife? I'd like to meet her." 

I was caught out, I didn't know what to say. This man, one of our clients, had never met Jenny. My mind whirled, should I introduce Michelle as Jenny, but then having to impersonate my wife might upset her, make her feel like the other woman and sour this night? Could I bluff my way out of introducing her at all? "What are you doing here Martin?" 

"I'm meeting Brian and Rob for dinner." Oh my God, worst possible scenario, Brian and Rob were two of my fellow workmates from our company. Now I really couldn't introduce Michelle as Jenny because my colleagues had met Jenny. It got worse as Martin suggested, "Say, why don't you and your wife join us?" 

I needed to think quickly, "Err no, sorry Martin, we have plans tonight. We're going off to dinner and a show. We only came in to have a drink in the bar and Mi ... err, Jenny spilt a drink on herself. She was hustling off to the shop here to try to get something to clean herself up. I think she's a bit self-conscious, that's why she went on ahead, didn't want to meet anybody looking all wet and messy. I better go see that she's alright, you enjoy your dinner with Brian and Rob." 

I was already turning to leave as I heard Martin saying, "Oh okay John ... err, catch you in the office sometime." 

I was already hurrying away. "Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive." Such an appropriate quote for this situation from "Marmion," a play by the Scottish novelist Sir Walter Scott from the late 1700's. 

I found Michelle in the hotel lobby shop. She looked very anxious, "Who was that?" 

"Oh, just one of our clients, he's meeting two of my colleagues here for dinner, so we better be cautious." 

"Should we just forget about it and go, I am sorry I've put you in an embarrassing position with your client and your work buddies." 

"Hey no, it's not your fault. No, come on, we can still do this. But listen, you better go on up alone and I'll follow in a minute or two when I'm sure the coast is clear." 

"Oh, I hate this. I never wanted to be sneaking around like this. I loved it that you took my hand when we left the bar, like we were just any normal couple heading up to our room to fuck each other's brains out." She giggled, I guessed it was because of her choice of words to sum up the moment. 

I took the room card key from my pocket, "Here, you take this, it's Room 814 on the 8th floor. You go straight to the elevator and go up now. I'll join you in a minute or two, listen for my knock." 

"How about you knock on the door with your erection, then I'm bound to hear it?" She looked around her, the shop was almost deserted except for the clerk by the register and we were in amongst the shelving. Michelle reached down and grabbed my already half erection within my trousers, "Umm, showing some promise." 

I loved this cheeky side of her. As she turned to leave the shop, I patted her on the arse. From the doorway of the shop, I watched her make it safely into the waiting elevator. I looked around the lobby again but couldn't see the client or my two work colleagues. With a single-minded purpose, I rushed across the lobby and took the next elevator up to the 8th. I would have been no more than 60 seconds behind Michelle. As I walked along the 8th floor corridor, I saw that she had only just activated the digitised card key in the hotel room door. "Wait for me," I called, catching up and following her into our room, allowing the door to slam shut on our privacy. The next 5 to 6 hours would be ours alone. 

Hearing the room door slam shut, she spun around in front of me, throwing both arms up around my neck and pulling her body in tightly against mine, "Make love to me John." I fully intended to but first I needed to kiss her, tease her tongue with mine like we did last time in that motel room. Open mouthed, tongues wrestling for supremacy, one moment both in her mouth, then retracting to have both in mine. Sexy ... so very sexy! She was such a hot woman. 

Just when I thought this passionate kiss might overwhelm us, she pushed both hands flat against my chest and pushed me onto my back on the bed. I bounced and as I flattened onto the top sheet a second time, Michelle jumped on top of me, sitting astride my hips, smiling broadly down at me. Her hands reached forward and she began unbuttoning my shirt, separating the two sides and leaning forward to kiss and suck on my nipples. I hadn't experienced it much before and I found it very arousing ... not that my arousal needed any more help. 

She lifted her head up and smiled that beautiful smile of hers, "I think you like that!" 

"I like everything you do, you have been a breath of fresh air for me." 

"Oh, how romantic you are!" She sat upright again and shuffled her body lower down the bed until she was sitting on my knees. Again, those hands reached out and she began unbuckling my belt and lowering the fly zip on my trousers. I needed to help by lifting my arse up off the bed so that she could pull them down to bunch them around my knees. 

Michelle reached back up to grasp the waistband of my jocks and eased them over my strong bold erection that bounced around vertically above my groin. Now that my cock was exposed, she leaned forward and teasingly played with it with her fingers, pushing and pulling it in each direction, teasing that sensitive underside, gently caressing my balls. All the time she had this huge grin on her face as her gaze switched between my hard-on and my face. 

"This is such a marvellous thing John, the pleasure it can bring to both the owner of it and to any woman who he chooses to use it on to pleasure her." 

"Shouldn't that be on and in?" 

I watched her sort of shiver and I guessed it might be the carnal thoughts that ran through her when I reminded her of in as well as on. 

She shuffled her body right down to the end of the bed and tugged my trousers and underpants down and off my feet. I lay there on my back, naked except for the open shirt and my socks. 

She shuffled back up along my body, pausing to bend over my erection and lick then suck on it, but only for a moment. "I so want you inside me, but I want heaps more besides. I don't know if 5 hours will be enough for all the things I want to do with you. Can I ask you to tongue me first, would that be alright? I remember you did it so good last time." 

"Yeah, sure!" I accepted her compliment, pleased that she recalled it so favourably. Besides, I was happy to, going down on a woman was one of my favourite things about sex. 

Her face now hovered above my chest, "But first John, before any more kissing and touching happens, I've got a little treat for you. After we made a date for tonight, I slipped out yesterday at lunchtime to my favourite lingerie shop and bought a few things. I love feeling sexy things against my skin and I thought you might like it if I put on a little show for you. Would that be good for you John?" 

I nodded excitedly and she leaned in close, gave me a brief wet kiss, then withdrew before it became too intense and got off the bed, standing at the end of it. I pulled a pillow down from the top of the bed and slipped it under my head to raise me up high enough to watch her as she performed her little impromptu striptease. 

Her hands went to her waist, unzipping her skirt, shimmying it over her hips and letting it quickly fall at her feet. Michelle had worn black stockings last time we met at the motel but they were stay-ups. This time I could see that she again had black stockings but they were secured by long thin mauve garters that hung down from underneath the neat conservative fawn blouse that her fingers were now beginning to unbutton. Removal of this blouse to follow the skirt would cast away the last shred of demure businesswoman who had greeted me in the bar downstairs not 30 minutes ago. I was about to see more of this sexy lover I adored. 

She deftly stepped out of the discarded skirt as her hands completed the unbuttoning and slid the blouse from off her shoulders, revealing a mauve camisole that was only waist length and now allowed me to see that those garters were part of a matching mauve garter belt. And now I saw that her panties were actually only a wispy triangle of material that strained to conceal her pussy. Here emerging was the incredibly hot sexy woman who lurked beneath that other conservative persona. 

She was a beautiful young woman, her dark hair cascading around her neck. She grasped the camisole and lifted it up over her head, exposing an expensive looking mauve and maroon half-cup bra with lots of lace edging that struggled to contain her ample breasts. 

She did a slow pirouette around 360 and while her back was to me I saw that what I had assumed were brief panties was actually a thong. Her arse cheeks were bare save for the thin strand of material that disappeared above and into the clamp of her cheeks. 

"Hey, that's new!" I observed from the bed. 

By the time I spoke, she was back facing me, "What's new?" 

"Your thong, last time you were wearing panties." 

