 Sitting down next to you I can feel the sexual tension between us. I wonder though, is it one sided? Am I just projecting it? I want you so badly all I can think about is sliding closer to you and letting my hands freely roam your body slowly working your clothes off as I go so my tongue can then follow the path my fingers have left. I haven't even came within six inches of you yet but I'm already so wet with longing. I need to get a grip, I really should but I just can't. 

Something keeps holding me back though. What could it be? I always feel a little shy with you, especially right off the start. Questions keep popping up in my head. Am I good enough for you? Do you want me half as much as I want you? What if I'm not touching you right, or well enough? What are you thinking as you look at me, hardly breaking eye contact?

As I get used to being with you again I start to warm up and act on my thoughts. My hands start to rub up and down your leg getting closer and closer to your cock. I can clearly see it's outline through your shorts and I think about how good it feels in my mouth, hearing the sounds you make when I hit just the right spots with my tongue. I get even wetter as these thoughts spin around in my head all while my hand keeps inching closer and closer to my destination. Breaking our eye contact I look down and see a little wet spot forming on your shorts. Hmmm.

Keeping my right hand towards my original goal the left starts to move up your chest over your shirt. Finding your nipple I run my hand over it and then go back to give it a little tug. I repeat this with the other one. Can't be playing favourites. Over your shorts, my right hand finally settles on your partially erect cock. I suppress a moan, knowing you'd love to hear it but for some reason unable to give it to you, I guess that's the shyness presenting again. I gently squeeze you. Feeling you fully harden in my hand makes me feel fantastic and a small piece of my shyness chips away. 

My left hand works its way up to your hair so I can run my fingers through it while looking into your eyes. Watching your expression change as my right hand releases your cock makes me smile. Both of my hands move to your waistband. Working together carefully so I don't get you with my fingernails my right hand makes contact with your warm skin. Moving lower I grasp your hard, bare cock. Feeling it's length and hardness I gently move my hand up and down over it. My free hand works its way under your shirt and up to your nipple which I gently tug once more. Working your shirt up I look down at that nipple and then lower my mouth so I can start licking it, eventually sucking gently on it. 

I wonder what you're thinking now. You've let out a few moans as my mouth made contact with that nipple. You seem to be enjoying it. Are you recalling what it feels like to have this treatment a little lower?

I shift my full attention to freeing your cock as best as possible given our current position. I know we won't be here for long so my goal is a short term one just to gain my mouth access. Freeing you from the restrictive cloth I look down at you. Long, thick and hard. I wrap my hand around you again and look up at you. You eyes aren't leaving me and I can feel your anticipation. I run my thumb over the tip of your penis and feel a little bit of moisture there. I need to taste it. I lower my head and run my tongue over the path my thumb just took. That initial contact makes you moan. A moan escapes from me too. I lick your shaft. Your hands run through my hair and start to rub my neck and back. I moan again and open my mouth wide to take your cock in. I lick and suck on you while my right hand holds you, moving the odd time on the part of your shaft not in my mouth. 

My hand lets go and I take my mouth from you. As I sit up your arm goes around me, your hand rubbing my neck, shoulders and back making another small moan escape from me. Your free hand wonders to my breasts gently caressing each one before sneaking into the v cut of my t-shirt. You slowly make your way into my bra where my nipple is hard and tingling in anticipation of your direct touch. You don't disappoint me and quickly take hold of a waiting nipple gently rolling it between your finger and thumb. My breath starts to quicken and I let out another moan, this time slightly louder. You smirk at me and move to the other nipple repeating yourself while the hand at my back moves to undo my bra. 

As soon as you unfasten my bra I give in to you and move both straps down my arms pulling my arms through them before finally pulling the black bra out from my under my shirt. Taking it from me you toss it aside and move us both slightly so that the arm that was behind me is now free. Taking the bottom hem of my top in each hand you pull it up and over my head, tossing it on the pile with my bra. You cup each of my breasts in your hands, taking their full weight. Gently squeezing and jiggling them you play with them for a minute before lowering your head to my eagerly awaiting nipples. You take one nipple in your mouth gently licking and sucking it slowing being more and more aggressive. While your mouth is busy on one your thumb and index finger is busy pulling, tugging and rolling the other. I moan, the loudest you've heard from me so far today. My hand sneaks it's way back to your cock so I can stroke it. Intent on what you were doing my movement takes you by surprise and you moan with my nipple in your mouth creating a slight vibration that makes my breath catch.

Releasing my breasts you move away from me and stand up. I look up at you as you reach out your hands to me. I take them and you guide me to my feet. Leading me down the hallway in silence we arrive at your bedroom. My heart starts to beat faster with my excitement as I see your bed. I look up into your eyes and smile. I've always found you fairly attractive and sometimes I have a hard time believing we're doing this. We shouldn't be, but we are and it feels way to good to stop. I easily push those thoughts aside as I feel your hands skim over my breasts and down my sides heading for the belt on my jeans. As you work to undo it I work at your waistband once more this time moving a little faster to get your shorts off. You free my belt and move to the button and zipper of my jeans. Slipping a hand inside my jeans, then my panties you feel how wet I am. You give me a small wink that combined with your touch make my knees go a little weak. I wrap my hand around your cock and slowly move it up and down as you stick a finger inside me slowly taking it out and touching my clit. I moan and wonder how much longer I'll be able to stay on my feet. You put a hand on each of my hips and work my jeans off. 

Taking our hands off of each other we quickly free ourselves of our bottoms. You try to move me to the bed but I have one more thing I need to do first. I grip the hem of your shirt and pull it up. Taking my not very subtle hint you finish taking off your shirt for me. I can't help myself, I move to your nipple and lick it before finally obeying you and moving to the bed. I sit on the side of it, you sit down beside me. I turn towards you and run my hands over your chest gently applying more and more pressure to you encouraging you to fall backwards. 

I'm not totally sure what has taken over me but I climb up over you. Looking down at you I rub my wetness over your hard cock teasing you with my closeness. My breasts move and sway just above your mouth. You look up at me with surprise and a wee bit of something else. Desire, longing? You reach up to me and lower my upper body enough so you can take each of my nipples in turn into your mouth. Your tongue moves over and around them sucking and licking driving me crazy. Releasing them you use your hands to massage both of my aching breasts at the same time, starting off in your usual gentle manner and then getting rougher and rougher as my moans become louder and louder, obviously enjoying your touches. 

You thrust up at me trying to get your cock in my dripping pussy. So far I've managed to hold off but I'm not sure how much longer I can last teasing you like this. I want you so bad my body feels as if it's on fire. Once more your mouth finds one of my nipples. You suck on it hard while your fingers pinch the other one. I can't take it anymore. I need to give myself completely to you. I need to feel you inside me. Now. With a loud moan I lower myself onto your cock. My hot, wet pussy encases you and you moan loudly as I give you what you've been waiting for. You immediately thrust into me as deeply as you can. While looking at you I match your thrusts and cry out as my body starts to shake and my breathing becomes harder. 

Taking you by surprise once more I lower my lips to yours and kiss you deeply. Caught up in the moment you part your lips and I take full advantage, my tongue darting in your mouth to find yours. You return my kiss just as fervently, your tongue and mine caressing each other with an urgency I don't think either one of us knew could be present between us. Your hands move over my back and into my hair. Your touch is rougher than usual as you lose your control and your thoughts, feelings and urges take over.  

Breathing heavily between moans we continue to touch, kiss and explore each other. I can feel your hardness in me moving with ease in my slick wetness. Your hand moves from it's position on my back to move in between us heading for my pussy. I sit up to give you access to my clit. Your free hand is at my hip, keeping me steady. You massage my clit and I close my eyes. You can feel my pussy tighten around your cock and you know I won't be able to last much longer. I moan again, either one long one or many small ones all together, neither of us really knows, and neither of us really care at this point. My pussy squeezes your cock. My hands move to my breasts and roughly grabs at them, pulling at my nipples as you rub my clit and thrust into me one more time - hard. My body shakes and erupts in goosebumps and I cry out as a powerful orgasm takes hold of me. 

You follow not far behind me. The surprise of the whole thing, the hot, squeezing, wetness of my pussy wrapped around your cock, the sounds I've made that you're responsible for are to much for you to handle. Your eyes darken as you climax and you moan one more time for me. I feel your release inside me, hot and sticky mixing with my own fluids. I let one more small moan escape from me before I lean over and give you one more quick kiss taking advantage of my opportunity when I have it. Looking at you I smile. You return my smile and wink at me, somehow knowing that always gets me. 

Coming back to reality I climb off you. Laying beside you I run my hands up and down your chest feeling your body heat. Your arm is around me, keeping me close. As the reality of what just happened starts to hit me I feel my shyness coming back to me. Hmm, I wonder how we'll handle this in the days to come. Was this a mistake or just the beginning of something new, fun and exciting?