 The rest of the trip was nearly torture. Just when Andy thought she could clear her head and drive efficiently, Gene would touch her, kiss her or even just look at her with his clear blue eyes and she would start to drift into that haze again. He tried to be good. To be fair, his touches were mostly very innocent, his hand on her arm, his fingers near hers. But it took very little for Andy to sink into the tempting world of sensation. She had been without any contact for so long. Sometimes, she whimsically thought she was going to fade away from neglect. Now, right beside her, was a man who wanted to touch her, be with her, and she didn't want to wait another minute for him.

After the longest drive she had ever endured, they finally got to her town. She drove directly to his hotel, watching him hungrily as he entered and took care of the paperwork. Then, she drove him to his door, suddenly scared, shy and quite unsure of the next move. Gene leaned to her, taking her face in both hands, holding her and looking into her eyes. "Andrea, come with me now. Let's start the next phase of our life. Come to our private place, baby."

The sound of her name on his tongue sent shivers up her spine. She felt so important, so special when he said it. Shakily, she opened the door and followed him into the room. It was acceptable, the quintessential hotel room. Dresser, TV, table, chairs, lamp...bed. Huge bed. Vast miles of horizontal surface bed. You could do anything in all that space bed. Andy felt faint, just looking at the bed and thinking of the possibilities. She knew she was a throwback, but in all her life, she had only been with her husband. Now, she was in a hotel room with a man who suddenly seemed a stranger, a man she didn't even know, and there was a huge bed leering at her!

Gene finished neatly stowing his luggage and came to Andy, where she stood rooted to the floor. He stood before her, looking at her, seeing the fear in her eyes. Quietly, he said "Andrea, nothing will happen that you don't want. We can sit here and play cards, we can watch TV, we can go out and drive around. The most important thing is to be with you. I came here to get to know you and spend time with you. We can spend the time very innocently or I can hold you in my arms, kiss you the way you should be kissed, and just share the warmth of another person. It's your call on this. I won't pressure you. Being with you is enough for me. I don't expect more than that."

Andy looked up at him, his already dear face, his clear, honest eyes. She couldn't speak, but nodded slowly. She wasn't sure what she had been thinking. She knew this man, knew his goodness and his kindness and that he cared for her. She looked longingly into his eyes, feeling his hands burning her arms, feeling her whole body leaning toward him, pulled to him.

Her eyes drifted closed as she lifted her face to his, feeling his sweet breath as he moved closer. His mouth brushed hers, so lightly, so fleetingly. Her hands reached for his face, her palms tickled by his soft beard. She held his face and moved her mouth against his, her tongue slipping out to trace his lips. She heard herself moaning, but couldn't stop. Her mouth continued to dance against his, opening, consuming, learning. She stroked the corners of his lips, teasing him. Then an electric jolt raced through her body when his tongue met hers. She could feel the blood pounding in her head, feel herself melt into him, her body aligned to him, against him. His hands moved from her arms to her back, sliding softly up and down her spine, creating waves of desire. Her legs weakened and she clung to him for support. His mouth moved along her jaw, finding her earlobe and nursing on it, making her cry out with delight. He whispered words of desire and longing, words of sweetness and caring. 

They were still fully clothed and suddenly Andy couldn't stand the barriers. "Please, Gene, please! Teach me, show me. I haven't done this in so long, and I want to be with you. I need you to help me, show me how to please you."

Gene helped her to the bed and sat her on the edge. Then he went to his suitcase, removing several candle holders. He set them around the room, lighting them and releasing the soft scent of vanilla. He tuned the bedside radio to a soft jazz station. Then he moved to the top of the bed, pulling down the covers, fluffing the pillows. Andy watched all his movements with delicious anticipation. "He is doing this for me, preparing the room for me. He is going to make love to me. No, he is going to make love with me," she thought.

He sat beside her, his body pressed against hers and kissed her gently. His arm was around her, his face close to hers, as they began talking again. "You are safe with me, Andrea. Nothing is going to happen you don't want, I promise. Would you like to kiss for a while? Just kisses, soft kisses, nothing else....?"

Oh, Andy wanted to kiss him. She felt alive again when they kissed. He had the softest lips, made for kisses, made to kiss her. Her response was to move closer, to press her lips to his and begin to connect with him. Who knew there were so many ways to kiss, so many ways to express desire while just doing this? They turned more toward each other, the eagerness building, the desire flaming high again. Hands moved again, touching and caressing all accessible areas. This quickly became not enough, and Andy boldly made the first move. Her hands moved to his waist, sliding under his shirt and up his back. God, his skin was so smooth and warm. Everywhere she touched welcomed her. Gene's kisses became more intense as his tongue searched her mouth, teased her, incited her. His hands moved up her back, her clothed back, burning her with his touch. Suddenly, he pulled away, looking into her eyes, questioning. 

Andy blushed, swallowed and then spoke. "Yes, Gene. Yes! Teach me, let me learn and share with you. I want you, sir. I never knew the feelings could be this strong, this incredible. Yes, please!"

Gene stood and pulled Andy to her feet. They kissed more, sinking into a haze of desire that was palpable. He lifted her shirt over her head, and quickly pulled her close to him, wrapping his arms around her, holding her tightly. He wanted her to acclimate to the loss of clothing, to the intimacies that were to come. She rested in his arms for a moment, but then her restless hands began to move. Following suit, she pulled his shirt off, and took a moment to appreciate his naked chest. Then she leaned forward and kissed his flesh, inhaling the Gene-scent that she already craved. His tiny nipples stood out, and she couldn't help lightly flicking one, then sucking it into her mouth. It pleased her to hear his sharp intake of breath. It made her feel sexy and powerful. 

Now the clothes seemed to fall off, piece by piece, until they stood before each other, naked and so ready. They remained about a foot apart, admiring each other, learning and memorizing. She could see his beautiful cock, long, thick and hard. He could see her beautiful tanned skin, so smooth and sleek. Within seconds, fingers began to reach again, hands began to caress and knead. Gene didn't want to make the first move, didn't want to scare his Andrea. 

It was Andy who made the move to the bed, the huge, inviting bed with the crisp white sheets and large expanses of playground. Then they were lying together, something she had dreamed of for months. Skin to skin, arms wrapped around each other, bodies meshing perfectly, curve to curve. Kissing took on a whole new meaning, a way to get even closer, portending things to come.

Andy wasn't sure what she expected, but it wasn't this driving need to feel Gene with her entire body, to know him completely, ultimately to feel him inside her. All she could think about was the need to have him make love to her, now! Her mind fixated on that thought, the absolute need to have him inside her, filling her, making love to her. She lifted her right leg over his hip, pressed against his engorged cock, rubbed against it. She was lost in him, drowning in him and couldn't wait another minute. She reached down, taking him in her small hand, holding his erection against her fevered flesh, then guiding it to her wet, swollen lips, guiding it directly to her ravenous pinkness. As large as he was, he slid in easily. Deep into her, deep into the flesh that fit around him perfectly, deep into the woman who was made for him.

So many things happened that she never expected. Her desires, her body's responses to his touch, her absolute need for him inside her, all these things surprised her. Then, as he slid in and out of her, thrusting his swollen cock deeply into her and then pulling it out again, she was astonished to feel herself moving to the edge of orgasm. Gasping his name, Andy held his arms with her clenched fingers, rocking her hips up to meet his strokes, feeling the impending explosion gaining strength and power. Suddenly, her legs locked around his waist and she held her breath, the pounding in her head nearly unbearable. She felt the heat gathering, spreading through her body, then every sensation centered in the depths of her body. She uttered words she didn't realize she knew, begging, crying out to him, saying his name over and over as she strove to hit the summit. Then it happened. The spasms tore through her, making her scream with pleasure, making her clutch him between her taut thighs, never wanting the incredible joy to end. Gene could feel her spasms, her throbs. It was more than he could bear. With one final thrust, he erupted deep inside his sweet Andrea, pouring all his hot come deep within her.

They continued the dance of lovemaking for a few more minutes, neither wanting to pull away. Finally, his softened cock slipped out, and Andy sighed, wanting to be joined with him forever. It had never been like this before. All she could think of was wanting to make love again, to feel like that again, to share with Gene the wonderfulness of this over and over.

He settled beside her, holding her close, her head resting on the perfect hollow of his shoulder. There was no tension between them, no clumsiness. They had lived out their primary fantasy and found it exactly, if not better, than they expected. Gene held her and talked with her of silly things, inane things. It didn't matter. What mattered was that they had finally been together and it had been perfect.

The talk became slower, quieter. Both of them drifted off to sleep, content and safe in each other's arms. 

When they woke, Andy was beaming. This, to her, was the greatest intimacy. To sleep together, to wake together, this was a wonderful present. They smiled at each other, hands already roaming and searching. Andy sat up, inviting Gene to shower with her. She had brought some scented soap and wanted to share it.

Gene went ahead to the bathroom, preparing the spray and temperature. He climbed into the shower, reaching out to invite Andy to join him. Without a trace of shyness, she followed him under the warm shower. He took the soap bottle and poured a large amount into his palm, warming it before touching his sweet lady.

Still amazed at her lack of modesty, Andy stood still and allowed Gene's hands to wander over her body, lathering and rubbing, fondling and cleansing. She found her hips wriggling again as he touched her so intimately. His soapy fingers slid between her ass cheeks, down her tummy, into her curlies. She reveled in the touch of him. He shampooed her hair, a luxury beyond imagination. Then, he rinsed the soap from her body, checking each crevice very carefully for errant bubbles. Then, it was his turn. He stepped in front of her, offering his smooth body to her. Happily, she began lathering him, her fingers sliding easily over his skin, enjoying his little moans as she touched him. Rinsing her body had been futile, she was once again covered with bubbles as they pressed together for kisses and nibbles. Finally, all the soap was gone and they stepped out of the tub, wrapping in towels that wouldn't remain in place. 

The kisses grew more passionate and the desire overwhelmed them. They moved hurriedly back to the bed, stopping only to touch and tease. Once there, Gene pushed Andy back, until she was lying on the bed, legs spread. Then he fell to his knees, hungrily moving his face to her fragrant curlies, inhaling her sweetness. He kissed her soft inner thighs, his fingers teasing her sensitive skin, making her ache for his more intimate touch. She could feel herself growing hot, wet, swollen. And he hadn't even touched her yet! Then, only then, did he move closer. His face brushed against her damp curlies, his breath was warm on her budding sex. Slowly, his tongue reached out to her, barely making contact with her pinkness, yet driving her crazy with lust. He stopped and looked up at her, his eyes gleaming. "I have dreamed of this, Andrea. Being here, between your legs and discovering the sweet confessions of your passion. You are so sweet, my love, so delicious. And you are all mine!" He happily returned to the task at hand, making love to her inviting, wet pussy.

He lapped the folds lovingly, his tongue traveling up and down her swollen slit, pausing to plunge deeply into her, then moving, finding her tight little clit and kissing it softly. Repeatedly, he traveled this path, each time, increasing the thrust, the kiss. Andy was going wild, her body on fire, her entire being centered on that few inches of flesh. She wanted him to stay inside her, then she wanted him to kiss her clit, each time sure she never wanted him to move from that spot. She cajoled him, begged him, promised him anything if he would help her from this sweet torture. But Gene was not to be deterred. He continued his play, adding secret little tongue tricks as he enjoyed her treasures. Finally, Andy couldn't wait any longer. When his talented tongue lingered on her tiny clit, toying with it, teasing it, she felt the heat build. The rush in her head nearly deafened her, her legs tightened and her fingers clutched his silvery hair. Andy heard herself, surprised at her voice, demanding loudly, "One more lick, yes, one more, yes, there, don't stop, please, damn you, don't stop, I need....I need...please!" Then silence as the spasms overtook her and rendered her totally speechless. Gene stayed in place, riding out the storm of her orgasm, enjoying the flood of juices that covered his face, his tongue busily thrusting into her hot cunt. 

When he finally moved his face, it was shiny with her. He moved up to kiss her, bringing her back to the moment and him. She smiled weakly, still in that other realm of pleasure found.

TO BE CONTINUED.....