 She showed up just before dinner and was wearing a brown leotard with a wrap-a-round skirt. It was good to see her again after so many years. She looked great, sexy as usual, and smelled like cinnamon. As she stepped inside, she said, "I want you. I want you right now." She reached out as I kissed her, and grabbed my cock through my shorts. "I think you should get this out where I can see it." She said. It took me about 10 seconds to shed my clothes. It struck us both kind of funny- me standing there stark naked, and her completely dressed. She peeled off her skirt, and then slipped the leotard off her shoulders and slowly pulled it down her body and off. By the time I saw it hit the floor, I was hard.

She grabbed my dick in her hand and led me into the living room. She knelt in front of me, and began to lick my cock from the tip to the base. I was enjoying this a lot. Then she turned around and stuck her pussy up in the air at me and said, "Now." I dropped to my knees behind her and slid my dick into her pussy. She was like hot oil. I was inside this gripping tunnel and she wasn't going to let me go anytime soon. I moved in and out of her slowly at first, but I was too excited to hold back, and began to pump her faster and faster. She was matching me stroke for stroke, and we were both laughing and gasping and breathing faster and faster. Within a couple minutes we both climaxed together, and then both fell onto our backs side by side, trying to catch our breath.

After a while, she said, "I hope that you have a quick recovery time, because I want some more of that cock, and I want it now." She leaned over me and began to suck on my nipple, as she stroked my cock with her hand. I could feel the electricity flash from my nipple to my toes, and my dick began to thicken quickly in her hand. In short order, I was hard again. She moved on top of me and squatted over me, rubbing her pussy back and forth over the underside of my dick. Then, she reached down and grabbed me, aimed me at her pussy, and slowly descended until I was completely inside her again. "Ooooh, now THAT'S what I wanted." she said. She began to lift herself up and then lower herself again onto me. It felt exquisite, as she made her pussy grip my dick tightly. She arched her back, and sat down, fully impaling herself with my cock. Then she closed her eyes and began to move her pussy in wonderful ways. It's kind of hard to describe, but I'll try. 

Her pussy clenched me and released me, moved subtly to where I was unable to think of anything else but the sensations of being inside her. I started to pump up into her, and she told me, "No, lie still. I'm going to use you this time." So, I didn't move anymore, and just watched her go for it. She rotated her hips in a small circle, still clenching my dick, and then began to move up and down. She was breathing fast and hard, as she picked up the pace. Pretty soon she began to grunt each time she slammed down, and gasp as she moved faster and faster. I was having fun watching her, but also was beginning to feel the cum in my balls start to head for home. 

I told her that I was going to cum, and as I said that, I couldn't hold back any longer, and spurted into her. She let out a yelp, and began to rub herself against me fast, pressing hard downward. She began to climax, too, and was obviously having a good one. She moved fast against me for several seconds, then collapsed on top my chest. We were both breathing hard, and she started to giggle again. "Making out with you is FUN!" she said. Oh yeah, she got that right! 

After a while, just holding each other, we got up and got something to eat for dinner. We sat on the living room rug and ate, feeding each other bites. There's something about eating in the nude that makes the food taste better. Or maybe, in the nude, you're so distracted, that you don't even care what you're eating!

She suggested we move into my bedroom for the next course, and so we did. I had a nice sound system set up, as I liked to read in bed with some nice jazz playing. She reached down to turn on the stereo, and gave me a great shot of her ass and legs. I was admiring her as she glanced back and caught me staring. She laughed, and hopped into bed where we lay face to face on our sides. We were talking about all the things we had done over the past few years, catching up on time since we had last seen each other. It was very comfortable with her; we were two old friends who had always enjoyed each other's company. 

She told me that she had always wanted to make it with me, but just had never had the nerve to do it. I asked her why now, and she said that it was one of the things on her "to do" list. She had decided that when she came back to town, that she was going to look me up and then jump me no matter what. We both agreed that it was good that she had. 

As she was telling me this, she had been playing with her breasts, rolling her nipples between her fingers, and stroking herself. Her nipples were now standing tall, and I leaned over to lick them. This was exactly what she wanted, as she rolled onto her back, and encouraged me to continue. I nibbled and licked her neck, her breasts, and slowly began to lick my way down her stomach. She was breathing faster, the more I licked, and I moved down between her legs. She grabbed her knees and pulled her legs up, spreading herself open wide for me. I moved down and began to lick her pussy, tasting that unique mixture of pussy juice and my cum from earlier. As I licked her, she began to rock slowly back and forth. I dove in and worked my tongue into every nook and cranny of her pussy. I was flicking her button, and lapping her like an ice cream cone. I remembered reading somewhere about using my tongue to spell out something, so began to "write" the alphabet on and in her pussy. I didn't make it very far into the letters before the attention to her pussy began to take its effect. 

Her climax came upon her quickly, and caught her by surprise. She was rocking and purring, and all of a sudden, she just began to shake hard all over. She grabbed my head and pulled me up against her pussy, then clamped her legs tightly together. The wave rolled through her several times. I had managed a breath before she clamped together, so I had a few moments to just keep on licking as she rocked over the edge in ecstasy. Finally, she begged me to stop so she could breathe! I moved up and rolled onto my back next to her. "You tasted yummy." I said. She laughed again as she tried to catch her breath.

After a while, she rolled onto her stomach, looked me in the eyes, and said it was now my turn. She moved between my legs and began to fondle my balls. She moved closer and licked me all over, working her tongue around my sack, and up and down the length of my cock. She lifted my legs and told me to grab behind my knees and pull my legs up, exposing my balls and asshole as she had done earlier. She began to lick all around my rim, then moved up and gave my balls a bath. She spent a lot of time on that wonderful spot just behind my balls, and my dick was as hard as a rock. She moved up and began to take the head into her mouth. When she had the head inside her mouth, she clamped her lips tightly around it, then began to take her tongue and whisk it all around me. She flicked the membrane of skin on the underside of my cock and poked her tongue into the slit at the very tip. 

I was having a hard time concentrating. This was incredible. Then, she moved her mouth along the outside of the shaft, sucking and licking her way from the tip to the base. She moved back to my balls, and took one inside her mouth sucking it tightly inside. Then she began to hum, sending incredible vibrations all around my one ball. She moved to the other one, and repeated that. To this day, when I hear a woman humming, I start to get horny! She leaned forward and took the tip into her mouth and began to suck me into her. She moved back and forth, each time taking my hard dick further into her mouth, until finally I was completely inside her. Then she started that humming again and my whole dick was throbbing with the sensations. 

She pulled her head back, releasing me, and said in a very soft, sultry voice, "It's time for you to cum now." With that said, she began to suck my cock in and out very quickly, flicking the tip as I pulled out, and then sucking me completely in until her nose was buried in my crotch hair. She kept this up as her fingers massaged my balls. I couldn't take this for more than a short while before I told her I was going to cum. She squeezed my balls and I exploded into her throat, spurting cum again and again. She sucked and swallowed every drop, and kept on sucking. She continued to massage my balls until I was completely emptied. It was the most amazing blow job of my life! Finally, she crawled onto my chest, gave me a long, sensuous kiss, and rolled off of me. She snuggled against me as spoons and we both fell fast asleep.

We both slept late, and when I awoke, it was with her turned around, feet by my pillow, and her mouth once again sucking on my cock. I opened my eyes and she had lifted her one leg, giving me a great shot of her dripping pussy. I immediately dove in and began to return the favors she was delivering to my dick. We both licked each other into a frenzy, then she jumped up and said, "Your choice of positions! Just choose quickly!" 

"Doggy." I said. There's something about that rear position that drives me wild. I love feeling my cock sliding in and out of a tight pussy from the rear, while I can admire her charms and reach around to stroke her dangling breasts. She jumped onto her knees and I quickly impaled her with my cock, hard from her wake up call. We fucked. No finesse this time, just both of us wanting it fast and hard, me pumping in and out of her pussy, and she pushing back hard to meet each thrust. 

She arched her back and rotated her hips so her pussy was aimed out and up and I had a perfect angle into her. We both were slamming together as fast as we could, knowing this was going to be a big one. We were both getting closer, breathing harder and faster, and then we both crossed the line together. She clamped down on my dick with her pussy and started to yell, as I spurted hot cum deep into her. We both were yelling "YES YES YES YES!" together as the climax overtook us. It probably only lasted a few seconds, but it seemed like forever, just closing my eyes, yelling "YES YES" and cumming and cumming and cumming. What a way to start a day.

Later, we showered together, had breakfast, and coffee, and she said she had to go. I asked for her number, but she said that wasn't going to work, that she had other "obligations". I never saw her again after that. She got on with her life. But, I was glad that I had made the list.