 He sat in his favorite chair looking out across the place that he called home. For some reason, he couldn't escape the melancholy mood that was part of his nightly routine. Even tonight with no one else at home and time to think, his thoughts wandered to one place and one place only. 

It had been beautiful out that day. The air was cool, the sun was setting. He had been amazed to see how giddy she was on top of that mountain. Walking the trail she had been quiet, but as soon as they reached the private spot she came alive. They say down together and looked out over the mountains into the valley below them. She had turned to kiss him so suddenly that it took him by surprise. From the heat he found there was no doubt had been on her mind the whole time. One kiss turned to two. Two to three. Three to one long string of passion. She laid the blanket back and slowly showed herself to him. All of her....something she was self conscious about after motherhood. He didn't quite understand why. She clearly (and instantly) had turned him on. They had made love there that evening as the sun set behind them. No one else in the world. Passionately but slowly enjoying each other. She had done things to him that brought him multiple times before they had made their descent. He had felt things that no woman had ever taken the time to do. He had been amazed by how much she enjoyed it all. 

Maybe now sitting here alone that's what he was missing. Wishing for the attention and the closeness. He wanted it more than he could explain. As the thoughts filled his mind...he saw headlights coming up the drive. He knew his family couldn't be back....who was here. That's when he knew...

He started toward the door hurriedly then thought "No, it couldn't be." He stopped himself and peeked out the side curtains. She got out of her car and his heart began to race. Yes, it was indeed her. He could spot her a mile away; long flowing hair, her pace, her curves, the way she strutted. He opened the door and there she was with that wonderful smile and a short black leather coat on, very short indeed! Hard to tell if she was wearing a skirt or shorts under that coat. She captivated him with those eyes, the way she smelled. "Are you alone?" she asked. "Not anymore." He said with a devilish grin. She bit her lower lip with that smile. He knew the look all too well. She wanted him and real bad too, he could do things to her that self gratification just couldn't accomplish; complete fulfillment. This is why she risked being seen going up his driveway, up the porch stairs, into his world. 

As they embraced he took it all in; the softness of her hair, every curve, her scent mixed with just a hint of perfume, the hunger and fullness of her lips on his. As their lips locked their hands explored and groped one another. He reached around under her coat to caress and grab her ass. . .no skirt, no shorts. . ...nothing. She gasped as he showed his fondness for her derrière. She pulled away from their kiss slightly to see his facial expression as she reached down to feel her effect on him. Her breathing quickened as she felt his hulky stiffness, aching for release. As they passionately locked lips again he felt her hands desperately going to work on his pants to release his engorged manhood from its confines. They only broke off kissing so he could peel off his shirt. No sooner had he done this when he realized she was no longer standing in front of him. He felt it. Oh yes. . ..she had dropped to her knees and was already taking him into her mouth. Slowly, deliberately, taking him in inch by rigid inch. "I don't think I can stand much longer!" She showed mercy and suggested he get comfortable on the couch. His cock danced and twitched in anticipation as she let her coat drop to the floor to reveal her sensual bareness. She kissed her way back up to resume making love to him with her mouth. This was downright incredible! Her lips and tongue sent shivers up his spine. Every time he would reach the point of release she would massage his balls with her lips and tongue, looking up every now and again to see the expression on his face. Meanwhile, that tingling between her thighs had become unbearable in the meantime. She straddled his leg and began grinding in a desperate attempt to ease the pain of her throbbing clit but there was only one way and one man that could accomplish this.

Her hunger for him and desperation for release was now overwhelming. He felt her claw her way up his chest and ease him into her hot, inviting, sweetness. He reached for her hips hard as she bore down on him with wanton ferocity. Her breathing became harder, her guttural moaning turning to a frenzied howl as she tightened around him like a vice. Her hands clawed his chest as waves of delicious pleasure consumed her over and over. He was thankful now for that touch of bourbon he had sipped before her arrival, this gave him the edge to hang on. . .to hold back until her needs were met first. 

Only when her breathing had slowed and whimpering ceased did he dare to move her. Now it was his turn. She lay on her back as he eased himself into her yet again. There was no need for holding back anymore; he would not be denied his right for primal indulgence. He felt her shift about as she placed her feet on his shoulders in the ultimate display of openness to him. . ..this pussy was all his. His thrusts became harder and faster, she found herself overtaken by fierce orgasmic delight again and again as his grunts turned to screams as he released in her, all over her.

As their breathing finally slowed they gazed into each others eyes with smiles of relief. "What made you decide to come here?" he asked. "Just thought you'd like some company." She whispered between soft kisses in his ear.