 Longtime friends and former lovers, they hadn't seen each other for almost 10 years when she called to say she'd be coming to visit her aging aunt for a weekend. Making the long trip was no small thing given the demands of her job and family, so this was going to be a real occasion. He was thrilled, of course, but the arrangements were going to be a challenge. She would be staying the entire weekend with her aunt, who insisted on sharing her apartment to make the most of their limited time.

"I really can't say no," Pamela explained. "It's only two nights and two days and I really have no reason to say why I'd need to sleep somewhere else. I told her I wanted to see you. She said you can stay over. You can sleep on the sofa and we'll sleep in her room..."

"That's going to be torture," he said.

He and Pamela still shared an intense attraction and desire. Both in loveless marriages, they missed sex and often talked in great detail about the wonders of their past lovemaking and what they wanted to do with each other should they ever again have the opportunity. 

"The next time I see you, I'll suck your cock until your head blows off," she'd promised and his heart soared at the thought. She gave exquisite blowjobs, loving, sensual and deeply erotic. It was her favorite sexual act, for the power it gave her over her lover, and she was endlessly fascinated and aroused by penises -- their shape and size, their scent, taste and texture when they were in her mouth, they way they grew and hardened, and pulsed as they released her lover's essence. Her own pleasure in the act was obvious in her eagerness and the sounds she made as she licked, sucked, kissed and delivered the object of her desire to climax. She loved bestowing such great pleasure on one she loved, the taste of his come and the sensation of it spurting into her mouth. Her expressing this to him, and his witnessing it for himself made the experience so intense for him.

During their phone conversations, they often shared their deepest fantasies, ones that remained unspoken during the three years they were together. But years and life flew by. They remained lovers only by phone and internet. Now an opportunity was presenting itself, but it meant him meeting her in a city an hour from his home, and after she had spent the appropriate amount of time alone with her aunt, they might be able to have a quick dinner out together and then that tortuous night if he wanted to stay. Finding a hotel that rented rooms by the hour was a possibility, but they didn't know of any, his funds were limited, and she wasn't too keen on the idea.

"If we're going to make love, I want to have all night, or all afternoon," she said. "I want it to be loving, not a hasty quickie."

"We'll think of something," he said, praying they would. 

She flew in early on a Saturday morning and spent the day and first night with her aunt. He met them at the apartment late Sunday afternoon. Pam looked beautiful in her black blouse, grey skirt and black leather boots. She was now 46. Her long, thick auburn hair had touches of gray and she had put on some weight in her hips, rear and breasts that she had warned him about, but he found it very arousing. Her green eyes were bright and alight as she gazed at him. He hoped she didn't mind his extra pounds and slightly less hair.

They hugged in the doorway and he gave her a bottle of wine and some of her favorite cheese, wondering if she'd remembered to bring her garter belt and nylons. They'd talked of her sitting in a luxurious chair, nude except for the lingerie, leisurely sipping and snacking while he sat on the floor between her spread legs, lovingly pleasuring her pussy and anus with his fingers and tongue. "That would be nice," she'd said.

Then reality hit.

They were quickly greeted by Pamela's aunt, who was thrilled to see him again after so much time. A warm, effusive and still attractive woman in her late 60s, Aunt Sally plied them with drinks and snacks. The conversation in her well-appointed living room overlooking midtown flowed easily. He and Pamela kept exchanging sly looks and they mentioned slipping out for dinner when her aunt insisted on cooking them a nice meal of pasta and veal plus a bottle of red wine. It was an offer she wouldn't let them refuse.

"She senses the spark between us," Pamela said in a hushed tone while her aunt fetched more crackers and cheese from the kitchen. "But I don't think she approves of us...you know..."

By ten o'clock, they were all full and feeling drowsy. He had to get up for work in the morning. Pamela's flight was leaving at nine. His heart sank as he realized there would be no time alone.

As Pamela's aunt prepared the pull-out sofa bed in the living room, he went into the bathroom and changed into a t-shirt, sweatpants and white socks. While brushing his teeth, his mind raced with desire and frustration. He'd researched local hotels that rented by the hour, but they were all too sleazy and they probably couldn't have gotten away. When he came out, Pamela touched his face and gave him a steady look as he walked by and lay down. 

"Well. I'm going to bed," her aunt announced. "I'll leave you two to talk..." And she went into the bedroom down the short hall, but left the door ajar.

Pamela sat on the edge of the sofa, her hand on his thigh as he lay on his back and looked at her longingly. "I'm sorry," she said softly, "I really want to do something for you, but I haven't seen her in years, and I can't, you know, she wouldn't understand...."

"I know," he said. "It's just hard..."

"I'm sure it is," she said with a smile, giving his crotch a playful squeeze that filled him with electric excitement. Leaning down, she kissed him and departed with a soft, "Sleep well, my love," his gaze following her. Her ass looked so full and sexy in that skirt.

After she went into the bedroom and closed the door, he lay on the sofa for a long while, his excitement growing as he revisited his most erotic memories of her. Unlike most of the women he'd been with, she enjoyed anal sex. She was fearless about sharing that most intimate part of her body and he found that attitude as intensely erotic as her love of giving blowjobs.

It was Pam who first suggested they try anal sex. She mentioned it casually as they lay naked and satisfied in the afternoon sun of her bedroom one day after making love, He later took her up on it by fulfilling an intense desire...

As he lay there on the sofa in her aunt's apartment, he grew hard and unbearably aroused thinking about the weekend he'd spent minding a friend's house. Pam came to stay with him. They were falling in love and becoming much more sexually open. After going upstairs to bed the first night, they kissed by the bed in the glow of the light streaming from the bathroom. As he gently held her face with both hands, she deftly unbuckled his belt and opened his jeans, sliding them and his briefs down and grasping his erection. She moaned softly as she stroked and he unfastened her jeans. They were soon on the bed bottomless, she in her black sleeveless tank top and he in his t-shirt, their hands roaming exposed flesh and under their remaining garments as they kissed. He lifted her shirt and she sighed appreciatively as he licked and sucked her breasts, pebbling her large pink nipples. She was rapidly stroking his cock when he started to kiss his way down her side, His lips were on her hip when he rolled her onto her stomach, and she complied. 

Pamela's ass was glorious, full, firm, round and sexy, and as he kissed and caressed its cool, smooth flesh, he was seized by the desire to lick her anus. He'd never done such a thing with a woman, but the idea of knowing her so intimately made his heart pound. He'd tasted the tangy sweetness her pussy many times and loved her response as he pleasured her. Now he suspected she wouldn't resist him doing the same to her asshole.

In the soft light, he gently spread her cheeks and gazed at her fully exposed for the first time. Her anus was a gorgeous puckered slit surrounded by a circle of delicately wrinkled dark skin, the scent musky, deeply exciting, and he trembled as he kissed his way into her valley. She gasped as his tongue made contact with her most intimate part, and the taste made him want to come. It was salty, bitter, delicious and he began licking the entire length of her crevice as she moaned and writhed, the warmth of her bare ass surrounding his face. 

"Mmmm, you taste so good," he murmured and she pushed her rear hard against his mouth, urging his tongue inside her. He pressed the pointed tip into firm smoothness, the bitterness intensifying, his excitement rising as he comprehended what he was doing. His hands roamed her back, her hips, her ass cheeks as he licked and tasted, fascinated by the flavor and scent and sensation, the very thought that his tongue was inside her asshole. As he feasted, he listened to her excitement and pleasure.

"Fuck me," she said, her voice quavering. "I want to feel you in my ass..."

She rose into a kneeling position with her bare rear up and he fought to steady himself as he kissed her cheeks and anus, wetting it with licks. He couldn't believe she was into offering herself, sharing herself this way. Holding his aching cock in his hand, he pressed the large pink head against her chocolate bud and slowly entered. She moaned softly and he withdrew before pressing in again, the head disappearing inside her anus. The sight of her hair splayed across the pillow, her eyes closed in ecstasy, her luscious ass and her sexy asshole surrounding the shaft of his cock was almost too much. 

Slowly he withdrew and entered, withdrew and entered, a little more deeply each time, concerned about hurting her but savoring how different her asshole felt on his cock -- so firm, like a hand.

"Yeah, baby...that's good...that's nice," she sighed.

Half his of his totally hard erection was inside her now. He reached under her and gently fingered her wet heat. She cried out in affirmation. Her pussy was overflowing with her slick honey and he leaned forward and kissed her neck, keeping his strokes slow and easy. She was relaxing, admitting him more deeply and he wanted to come but fought for control. This was incredible. He wanted this first experience of anal sex to last.

Rising, his hands on her ass, he gazed at his cock as it slid all the way into her anus until his hips were pressed against her butt. He was seven thick inches and it amazed him that she could take it all so readily, so deeply, and enjoy it. She was moaning and crying out as she always did as she approached orgasm. The sight, the sound, the sensation, the intoxicatingly exciting scent of her cunt honey and anal musk, the very idea of what they were doing made him come intensely. He slumped forward over her back, groaning and filling her with each wave, feeling her anus clenching him as she came, too.

They stayed in that position for several blissfully exhausted minutes.

"Did you like it?" she asked softly over her shoulder.

"Oh, yeah," he gasped. "That was amazing..."

"That's good...I did too...it felt nice..."

The memory of the raw intimacy, the total acceptance of each other, in that moment had bonded them and opened them sexually. And now he began stroking himself on her aunt's sofa as he relived it all. Lowering the covers, and his sweatpants to mid-thigh, he lay there in full view if either woman came out of the bedroom. The thought of being discovered made him even hornier -- Pam loved watching her lovers masturbate -- and he worked himself until he gasped and came hard in spurts of thick white cream that landed on his stomach and flowed from the head of his cock, down the pulsing shaft and over his hand. 

The release was as intense as it had been in his memory. He lay for several minutes, breathing hard, his heart racing, then quickly rose and made it into the bathroom where he hastily cleaned himself. The light was still on in Pamela's aunt's room as he quietly returned to the sofa and quickly fell into a deep sleep.

He awoke at seven to find both women in the kitchen, still wearing their nightgowns.

"What would you like for breakfast?" Pamela's aunt asked. 

"Whatever you got," he said, "as long as there's coffee."

Pamela smiled at him, and when her aunt turned her back, she touched his cheek. "Sleep okay?" she asked.

"I had interesting dreams," he said with a wink. While Pamela and her aunt busied themselves getting breakfast ready, he went into the bathroom, brushed his teeth, stripped, fired up the shower and got in feeling a mix of horniness, frustration and longing. Seeing Pamela again had certainly stirred his heart as well as his desire, but it was clear they would have no time, no place, to do any of the things they had been talking about for so long. He lingered in the hot water, trying to refocus himself on the workday ahead but was having some difficulty. Stepping out into the steamy bathroom, he toweled off, used a washrag to wipe the mist off the mirror and then took up his disposable razor. While he was shaving, still naked, there was a soft tap on the door.

"It's me."

He opened the door just a crack.

"Can I come in? She's gone to get bagels..." 

Pamela was wearing a long blue nightgown with lace around the neck and her hair was tied back. She appraised him with a smile, her eyes drifting down to his cock, which immediately began to swell. "You look nice..." she said softly.

"So do you," he said, kissing her forehead.

Not sure what to do, he turned back toward the sink to finish shaving and she came up behind him, pressing herself against him, kissing his neck, her hand softly grasping his penis, which quickly grew fully hard. "Mmmm," she purred, their gazes meeting in the mirror as her other hand caressed his chest, his stomach, his balls as she stroked his erection. The sensation was beyond good. "I want to suck you," she whispered. "I've thought about it for so long...last night was hell just thinking about it...I couldn't sleep..."

"That makes both of us," he said, turning to her and thrilling to the look of lust in her eyes as she gazed again at his cock. 

As their eyes met, she pulled her nightgown over her head and dropped it to the floor, standing before him nude. He feasted his eyes on her familiar triangle of lush, soft, curly auburn pubic hair and the swollen hood of her excited clit. Her breasts were stunning, as full and shapely as he remembered them, but they had sagged in such a way that the slope elevated her big pink nipples. He felt almost dizzy with desire.

In each other's arms, they kissed passionately, their hands roaming almost furiously over each other. She gasped as he kissed her neck and descended to lick and suck her nipples, his right hand cupping her warm cunt, feeling her wetness, listening to her moan. As he made love to each breast in turn, he slid two fingers into her, feeling the swollen ridges underneath her pubic mound. Here was her trigger, and she moaned loudly and he worked at them.

When he sensed she was about to come, he dropped to his knees and nuzzled her soft, moist pubic hair. She'd placed a drop of perfume in it, but the scent of her pussy was apparent, too, and he hungrily licked at her swollen pink clit and lips. "We don't have much time," she said as she leaned back against the counter, spread her legs and took his head in both hands, guiding his face into her sweet pussy. He pressed his tongue into her tangy, slickness and slowly licked. To her sounds of pleasure, he sucked the nub of her clit, kissed her mound, the insides of her thighs, the curves of her hips, all in a frenzy of lust. Sex after going so long without it was beyond fabulous. He kept pleasuring her as she thrust her pelvis against his face and kept moaning. He'd made her come this way so many times and he knew the spots to seek. Sliding his tongue deep into her pussy, he felt her shudder and twitch. Her warm, plump thighs squeezed the sides of his face as he licked until she cried out and her tangy thick juices flowed into his mouth and down his chin.

He was still gently kissing her warm, open flower when she lifted herself onto the counter so she was sitting, spread her legs again and said, "Fuck me...I want to feel you inside me..." 

He stood unsteadily and she drew him to her by his hips. Again, they kissed, their tongues madly playing as he felt her hand take his throbbing cock and guide it into her, her warmth engulfing him in pure ecstasy. They kept kissing, their arms around each other's neck as he slid in and out, her breath quickening. He increased the pace, pumping hard, just the way she liked it. As her sounds brought him closer and closer to release, he leaned away from her and they both gazed down. The sight of his cock in her cunt had always thrilled them. Blessed with the ability to reach orgasm easily and often, she came now, moaning "Ohhhh..." pulling him hard into her and grinding hard on his cock as she bit his neck, her hands clenching his ass, her whimpers of pleasure in his ear. 

He was about to let himself go when she suddenly grasped his hips and pushed him out of her. He looked at her, puzzled, but she touched his nose with her finger and slid off the sink. Turning around, she bent over and offered him her round, firm ass. 

"Go ahead. I know you want it," she said. "So do I..."

Dropping to his knees on the mat by the sink, his heart pounded as he caressed and kissed her luscious rear, eagerly spreading her cheeks. Her anus was as he'd remembered it, her dark circle so erotic and inviting. She hadn't showered since the previous morning and was fantastically pungent, her musky scent bringing on the urge to come. Hungrily, he ran his tongue across every inch of her valley, over and around her anus, as in a repeat of the pervious night's reverie, and there was her delicious, earthy bitterness, the slick, salty warmth he'd remembered and fantasized about for so long.

"Mmmmm," she sighed, pushing her ass into his face. Grasping her cheeks with both hands and pulling them wider, he extended his tongue into her pucker and carefully explored the firm smoothness of her opening. She let him feverishly lick and suck and extend his tongue so deeply into her asshole that his jawed ached. "God, you're so good at that..."

"Your ass tastes so good," he sighed, and with amazing quickness, she came again, leaving more of her honey on his chin as her anus clenched and relaxed, clenched and relaxed, on his extended, hungry tongue. When her release passed, he lovingly kissed her asshole, wanting to stay longer.

"Quick...before she comes back...fuck me..."

He stumbled to his feet again, his head swimming. With trembling hands, he parted her cheeks and rubbed his cock between them, then pressed the head against her gorgeous dark asshole. Still slick with his saliva, it admitted him easily and he entered her slowly, gradually, fully, just as he had in his memory. Her moans brought him so close to coming it was agony, but he wanted this to last just a little longer, even if they were to hear the front door of the apartment open.

"Oh yeah, baby," she sighed as he kissed her neck, nibbled her ear, and gently moved so tjat each stroke took him halfway out and then fully inside her. "You feel so good...."

"Mmmm, so do you," he said, his eyes meeting hers in the mirror. 

"I always loved it with you..." she said, her expression one of pure lust. "You make my ass feel so good..."

He withdrew almost all the way, then began a series of short, quick gentle thrusts that met with affirming moans. Looking down, he watched his cock in her sexy, welcoming anus, again marveling at her ability to take something so thick and hard in a place so tight. Her ass was utterly gorgeous and so was her face in the mirror, her eyes half closed in ecstasy. 
