 A very special thanks to jack_Straw for his wonderful words of encouragement and time editing my story. 

Chapter 1

You arrive in Arizona greeted by a driver.

You are whisked away to a beautiful home in the mountains. The ride is long and you are alone... the driver hands you a note. It reads: 

"Hello Lover, you are embarking on a wonderful weekend. When you arrive at the house you will be blindfolded. You will be escorted up the stairs to your room. You are to remove your clothing and lay on the bed. You will be tied to the bed. You will remain silent and only speak when spoken to. Is this understood? Give your response to the driver. Now sit back and wait." 

You arrive and follow directions. Your heart is beating and your cock is hard in anticipation. You lie there blindfolded and tied up for what feels like forever. 

Suddenly you feel something brush your foot. It tickles, you jump, then you are left alone again wondering what is in store for you. 

You feel fingers begin to trace your legs – lots of fingers, so it can't be just one person – and you are unsure if they are male or female fingers.

Fingers tracing your legs, inching up your thighs ... Your cock swells and is painfully hard. 

The fingers touch your balls and you feel sharp nails biting into your thighs. 

You are squirming around unable to move. 

You feel tongues begin to lick your thighs, many more than one. You are trying to count. They creep up your thighs until they reach your cock and balls, lightly licking your cock and balls. 

As they are licking your cock and balls, tongues begin to dance around your stomach and nipples, licking and biting you. 

You are dying ... This feels so good yet you need more. You are aching to have them suck your cock into their mouth. 

Tongues begin to lick your ears and kiss on your neck. You are overwhelmed at having so many tongues dancing on your body at the same time.

Finally you feel lips begin to caress the tip of your cock and wrap around the head, sucking you into the warmth of its mouth. Then another begins to suck the side and another on the other side. You have never had three mouths on your cock at the same time. 

Your balls are getting tight and you are sure you will explode soon. 

Then suddenly they are gone, all the mouths and tongues are gone. You feel empty and so alone.

And then you hear me whisper in your ear, "welcome lover." 

I slowly begin kissing you, first on your ear and throat then gently I kiss your lips. Our tongues dance together and our kiss is filled with passion.

I break the kiss and begin to kiss and suck your chest as I ease my way down your stomach. I suck your nipples gently at first then harder, biting.

I suck your belly button and lick above your pubic hair as you squirm. 

Your cock is ready and waiting for me to take it into my mouth, I tease it, licking and sucking on the tip. Then I abandon it for your balls. I lick my way down to your balls and begin to suck them into my mouth one at a time, sucking harder and harder. 

I lick the underside of your balls and lick your asshole, not sticking my tongue in it yet, just teasing. 

I slowly work my way back up to the head of your cock and begin to suck it into my mouth inch by inch, sucking very gently until it is buried in the back of my throat. 

You feel my tongue caressing the side of your cock as it is buried in the back of my throat. 

I begin to suck and fuck your cock with my throat, willing you to shoot your cum down my throat. 

You can't hold it much longer and begin to shoot thick ribbons of cum down my throat. I greedily suck it in and swallow every drop. 

I know you want to fuck me now, but we have all weekend. 

For now, sleep, lover.

The Visit

Chapter 2

You awake rested and refreshed. Your restraints and blindfold gone You remember the feeling of all those fingers and tongues touching you, wondering who and how many. 

You are alone again. You turn and on the pillow beside you is a note. It reads: 

"Good morning, lover, welcome. Please shower and meet me on the balcony. Dress only in the silk robe provided for you."

You shower quickly, anticipation building. 

You venture out onto the balcony. The mountain view is spectacular; the day is overcast and threatening rain.

The balcony is larger than you expected and wraps around the side of the house.

You see on the floor below you a trail of flower kisses beckoning you on. You follow the trail around the corner and are greeted by me in a very sexy long red nightgown. 

We don't speak; we just move together for a warm passionate kiss. Our lips part and our tongues touch. You reach up and softly caress the side of my face as we kiss. Our kiss becomes frenzied and you begin to reach out and touch my breasts. 

I stop you and tell you that you must wait. We will eat breakfast and build up to that. 

You sit and I walk behind you, slinking like a cat. I run my nails across your back and shoulders... digging them in a little. 

On the table before us is a fabulous feast. We are famished but have little interest in the food... I lean over your shoulder purposely resting my breast on your arm, rubbing my nipple across your skin, feeling my nipple harden and grow.

I push the place setting out from in front of you, making room for me to sit in front of you. I straddle your lap and slide my bottom up onto the table, facing you. 

My nightgown has inched up my legs and now reveals the matching lacy panties I wear. You notice the moisture on my panties. 

I reach behind me for the bowl of fruit on the table. I begin to slowly feed you grapes and strawberries, one little bite at a time, gently kissing your lips after each bite. 

I reach back and trade the fruit for a glass of champagne. I slowly pour it in your mouth, spilling it on purpose so I can lick the champagne off your lips and chin. 

I pour the champagne between my breasts and you reach out to lick it up. 

I lean back, and you begin to lick and suck the fullness of my breasts. I grab your head and guide your lips to my nipples, which are growing and getting harder at your touch. 

You slide the straps of my gown off my shoulders and it falls to my waist, exposing my breasts. You nibble on each nipple, making me moan in delight. 

You push me back on the table as you begin to kiss and lick my belly. I arch my back as you stand in between my legs. You slowly lick your way down my belly, gently swirling your tongue over my pubic bone.

You slide my lacy panties off, exposing my moist waiting pussy. You gently reach out and touch my clit with your tongue, making me cry out in delight. 

You spread my pussy lips with your fingers and begin eagerly sucking on my pussy, making me squirm and moan loudly.

I need to touch you and feel your warmth in me. I tell you to sit down. You do, and I slide off the table and straddle your lap. 

Your cock brushes against my clit and we both moan in anticipation. I slide back and forth rubbing your cock against my pussy as our juices begin to blend. 

I slowly ease your cock to the entrance of my pussy and guide it in, a little at a time.

I gasp as your cock penetrates deeply into me, filling me so completely. Your cock is a masterpiece and fits like no other has before.

We begin to move together, your cock sliding in and out of my pussy. I begin to ride you harder, deeper, needing to feel you fuck me.

You begin to thrust up into me, matching my need, feeling our impending orgasms.

All of the sudden the sky opens up and begins to rain down on us. I lean back as you squeeze my breasts, letting the rain wash down over us as we fuck. 

You suck on my nipples as I ride your cock hard and I can't hold back any longer. 

You feel the walls of my pussy spasm and clench around your cock as my orgasm overtakes me. I cry out that I am coming, please come with me. 

The feeling of me coming around your cock is more than you can take. Your cock explodes deep inside my pussy, shooting a hot thick stream of cum deep inside of me. 

We collapse together in the chair, holding and kissing on one another as the rain falls on us.

We are soaked and decide to continue to sit in the rain and eat our breakfast. After all we will need our strength for the rest of the day.