 It seemed like any other day that was until the phone rang and it was a friend from the internet. He said "I am going to be in town and would you like to meet for lunch." 

Trent says "I am going to be around for a day or two and sure would like to see you since we talk all the time online." 

First let me tell you about me. I am small framed lady only standing 5 foot 2 inches tall. Weigh in at about 110 pounds soaking wet. Not sure why he would want to meet me there are many others that chase him online. His picture shows him to be about 6 foot and 285 pounds and all man. I have to admit I have many fantasies about him through the times we have talked. We have talked online and seen each other on cam. For the last couple months we have even talked on the phone. It is a good thing he cannot see through the phone because many times I have touched my self when talking to him. There is something about Trent that does make my blood hot and my wetness spill out. Enough of that and back to the story.

We agree to meet at the local mall and go to lunch. I am there before him and sit and wait. As soon as I see him I know it is him. He is even more handsome then he looked in his pictures. Tall dark and handsome is not even close to covering it. He has a short full beard and chiseled features that would make any woman swoon. He looks like he is right out of a romance novel. I still don't know why someone hasn't snatched him up yet. When he gets to me he reaches out his strong arms and pulls me into them and hugs me. I feel like I am being held by a teddy bear. 

His arms wrap around me and draw me into him as his head drops down and he whispers in my ear "Hello my Angel." 

I can feel myself melt into this mans arms. As I compose myself I say "hello" back. 

My heart is still racing from the hug when he says "Where would you like to eat at sweetheart?"

He asks "What kind of food do you like?" and we decide on Mexican food. 

And off to the restaurant we go. We take his car it is a beautiful newer Cadillac. I slide over next to him as we go. I feel like I have known him forever as we have small talk on the way. As we have lunch we talk about ourselves to the other. It seems we have a lot in common. We eat and talk when one of us finally noticed the time we had been there for three hours just talking. He asks me "Do I need to go right home." 

"I tell him no." 

He says "I don't want to seem to forward but would you like to go back my hotel and talk more I am fascinated with you." 

Feeling no pressure I tell him "Yes" and off we went to where he is staying while here. 

Hand in hand we drove there and went up to his room laughing and enjoying each others company. After we entered I saw it was a big suite. Even had a hot tub in the corner. A couch and chair on one side and a king size bed on the other. We settle down on the couch and start to talk more. 

Trent asks me "Would you like something to drink?" 

I tell him a beer would be nice and he calls up room service and tells them what he wants and then we relax until they get there. After they deliver he hands me a beer and pours himself a shot of tequila. After talking and laughing for what seemed like we have known each other for years. 

Trent asks me "Would you like to spend sometime in the hot tub." 

I tell him "I have no suit." 

He replies "Your undies and bra are just like a suit." 

Thinking about this seems reasonable I go to the restroom and remove my outer cloths I tell him "Do not look" as I come out and go to the hot tub. 

He goes in next and comes out in his boxers as he has no suit either. I look down as he walks over to the hot tub but as he lifts his leg over I peek up and see what I had always wondered about since we had been talking. It is beautiful not overly large but looks to be just about right. I can't help myself my imagination takes over for a minute and I can see what it would look like hard and angry ready for action. 

As I shake off the fantasy I hear him ask "Are you ok?"

I say "Yes why." 

To which he says "You looked like you were a million miles away." 

I can feel myself blush at the thoughts I was having. We relax in the hot tub for about 20 minute and nothing really happens other then talking. As we decide to get out he climbs out first to get the towels. His wet boxers cling to him and I can see right through them as they stick to his body. My God his cock is wonderful and it has swollen while in the hot water. Trent hands me a towel as I stand and step out.

As I dry off he reminds me "You have always talked about getting a full body massage from me" as he smiles. 

He invites me to lay across that big ole king size bed. I lay my towel down one the bed and stretch out on it. I can feel him beside me the heat from his body so close it is making me hotter. His hand softly touch my neck as they start to rub and massage. 

I hear myself moan a little as it feels so good to relax and be rubbed down. He works along my sides just missing my breast as he does. My nipples tingle and harden with his touch so close. I can feel his breath as he leans over me to work on my back. Down he goes ever so slowly till he is at my waist. Wondering what is next I feel him shift and his hands gently massage my ass cheeks both sides at once. His thumbs right next to my crack teasing me when he moves them outward. I wish my panties were not in the way so he could do as he wished with me. My mind reeling from the pleasure of just his touch alone. 

He slowly moves away from my ass and starts to work down my left leg. His fingers kneading the flesh along the inside of my leg. His fingers just a fraction of an inch away from the wetness that has taken over my pussy. I am glad my panties where wet from the hot tub so he might not notice just how wet I am. I feel him softly ever so softly bump my pussy lips with his fingers causing me to inhale sharply. 

He has to know what he is doing to me. He asks "Are you alright?" 

I respond with a low moan of "mmm huh." 

I thought I heard him laugh softly under his breath. He works out my other leg and does the same there. When he is done I am like putty all softened up and ready to be molded. 

To my surprise he says "Turn over and I will get the front." 

As I turn over I hear him say if you would take the panties and bra off I could do much better at a full body massage. As if mesmerized I feel myself following his lead and removing my bra and he helps me remove my panties being such a gentleman as he does so. They roll down my legs because they are wet and he takes them off one leg at a time as I raise my foot. Not realizing he is looking straight into my womanhood with both legs raised. 

When I do notice he shifts his gaze to my face and starts to gently rub around my forehead and cheeks. His fingers and hands feel so hot to me as he touches my face then my neck. Rubbing my neck and along the outside of my ears causing me to quiver a little. My nipples are hard and standing straight up as he starts to slide his hands down between my breast not touching them just yet. Both hands together his fingers dragging along my cleavage until he is below my breasts. 

Then I feel his hands spread out and slip just under my breast and along where they meet my body. His fingers splaying out and going to the outside of my breast. Gently touching them as he rubs there. His hands and fingers leaving little hot trails as they glide over me. Circling my breasts but not touching my nipples. He circles all the up to my nipple never touching them. I can feel myself arching up and trying to get him to touch them but he won't. Little whimpers leaving my mouth as he starts to leave them and rub across my tummy. 

My God I don't think I have ever been teased so much in my life. My whole body is on fire waiting to see what he does next. Trent's fingers then lead down to my mound which he expertly slides along just touching the top of it not getting to close to my slit. His fingers then go to the tops of my legs again. This time as he rubs the inside of my thighs he lays his little finger right against my pussy lips. My breath is ragged now as he rubs there for what seems like forever. He finally works down my legs and when I think he is done he says just a couple more spots to get. With that said he reaches up and lays both palms on my breasts and lightly draws his fingers in until the only thing he holds is my nipples with all his fingers and his thumbs. He gently turns his fingers and twists my nipple between them and he pulls up and stretches them. My mind is going mad with desire I can only hope he can finish what he starts. After rubbing my nipple for a bit I feel him trail lightly again down toward my slit. Hoping this time he won't tease me. 

My eyes closed my breath going in short raspy sounds I feel him shift. Not looking I open my legs a little to give him access. I feel his fingers touch the top of my slit and slowly slide down feeling all of my lips all the way down to my ass. Then they move back up along the outside of my lips causing me to open my legs even more. Now my legs are spread open and he can see and touch all he wants to. Again he shifts on the bed I assume to get a better view. His fingers deftly open my lips so that he can see my juices as they flow from me. But instead of his fingers touching me I feel his hot breath as he envelops my clit into his hot mouth. My whole body arches off the bed as I push my pussy toward his mouth trying to get as much contact as I can. His tongue sliding over my clit making sparks in my head and fire in my body. I am so turned on from the teasing he did while massaging me that a small orgasm hits immediately causing me to shake and shiver in delight. His tongue then licks down to my hole as he drinks from me. My juices flowing readily now. 

As his tongue goes inside me I can feel another coming on. He is making love to me with his tongue and it feels so damn good. His tongue then rolls back up to my clit as he sucks it in his mouth. My God I have never felt like this before. My head explodes and my body goes out of control as an overwhelming orgasm hits me. My whole body quivers and my mind is gone as it takes over me and he just keeps licking and sucking at my clit. It feels like it will never subside. 

"God Oh my God" I hear myself scream as I am in the throws of orgasm. 

He just keeps licking and I hear him say "Cum baby, cum for me." 

His tongue like nothing I have ever felt still lapping at me. I then hear him say " I am not done yet baby I can feel another in you." Just like he is in my mind. 

He sucks hard and gently puts his teeth around my clit and flicks his tongue fast over the little nubbin. Causing my body to jerk uncontrollably. Then I feel him slip two fingers inside me and curl them up till he finds the spot right behind where my clit is. He rubs it from the inside as he licks and sucks it on the outside. My mind starts to go dark as this intense orgasm grows over me. I feel my body and hear what is going on but it seems I have no control at all. The darkness of seeming to pass out is upon me as my body convulses out of my nerves being on edge. 

Trent has taken me to the pinnacle of pleasure somewhere I have never been but want to experience again and again. My mind goes blank and the next thing I know I am waking up in his arms. 

He is holding me and running his fingers through my hair telling me "Everything is ok and he is right there with me." 

I try to move and sparks shoot through my head as my legs close and my clit is touched by them. My God it is like I have been lost for along time and he has found me and saved me from falling. Never have I felt such joy and pleasure. My mind still reeling, I try to talk and start to cry not sure why though. 

He holds me and tells me "Its ok and just let the emotions go it is normal to cry after such intense pleasure." 

As I lay there in his arms I realize he is naked along with me. His cock laying along his leg as I reach for it. My fingers now slowly encircle it. The heat from it is unreal. I lift it and slowly stroke my hand along its length and feel it start to swell as I do so. I hear him moan now as I look and see his eyes closed and a smile on his face. My fingers slide down and cup his balls and feel the weight of them in my hand. They are full and ready to give me what I crave now. I kiss down his body stopping at his nipples to nip and bite at them. Causing him to flinch and draw a sharp breath. 

My head steadily moving down till I can breathe in his musky scent. My lips trace little spots all down his now hard shaft. I can feel it pulse in my hand as his excitement grows. He is anticipating my kiss on it and first I suck in a nut and feel him squirm. With one in my mouth I then draw the other one in too. Feeling both of them on my tongue and rolling them around in my mouth makes the bag tighten up. I lick slowly up his shaft after releasing his nuts from the warm wet confines of my mouth.

The veins are rippling along the under side of his cock as I lick all the way to the tip. Teasing him this time with my tongue making him arch toward me trying to get it in my mouth. Finally I let my mouth close over him and suck on the head. His fingers curl in my hair not pushing just holding me there. He is afraid I will pull back and tease him more. I have no intention of teasing him I want to feel this mans cock in my mouth filling it as it should be. I want to give him the pleasure he gave me. My head sinks down on him and I feel it hit my throat causing me to have to readjust myself so he wouldn't choke me. My mouth now firmly against his pubic hair. His head lodged in my throat I can feel it flex there inside my mouth. Sliding back up putting my hand around the base to stroke up as my mouth comes up. 

I can hear him moan and say" Yes baby that's it suck me." 

Knowing I have his attention I suck back down and tongue his cock while it is there. Feeling him tremble and quiver tells me he won't last long so 

I again deep throat him over and over again till he screams out "I am going to cum." 

I never miss a beat and just keep sucking him till I feel his seed coming up his shaft then I swallow him all and let it go in my throat. The hot stream of cum choking me at first. I have never felt such an amount going down my throat and spilling over into my mouth.

I pull up some to make room for it and he pushes me back down and can only make noises and say "Oh God Oh God." 

I let him hold me down as his steady stream of cum starts to slow some and is easier to swallow. I just keep sucking him even after he is finished shooting. I want this cock inside me and I am going to make damn sure it stays hard.

With his cock still hard he lays me down and takes my legs and puts them on his shoulders. He rubs his hard cock up and down my slit and over my clit which is again hard and ready. 

I hear myself whisper to him "Please make love to me don't tease me anymore."

His cock now at my hole ready to pierce me. His head slides in and he rolls his hips causing my to push toward him getting more of him in me. I can feel it as he gently pushes it all in me slowly and insistently. He has reach the bottom of me as he is all in. His cock pushing against the back wall of my pussy. My muscles squeezing him for all their worth. He then starts to rock back and forth slowly at first then more impatiently. I can hear a low growl in his throat as he pumps me with that cock that feels so good. His hands grab my ankles and he pushes my legs up more making me open even further for him. My God I have never been so full as with him in me now. He is starting to bang harder at me driving his cock in harder and faster. I can feel that familiar feeling starting in the pit of my tummy as my orgasm builds. He is slamming into me now and I can hear him groaning as he works toward another one. 

He holds my ankles so high that my knees are by my head I have never been this open before. Didn't know I could even get in this position. The fire is spreading though out my body as I build toward another super orgasm. Oh God is all I hear now from both of us as we work toward mutual pleasure. I can feel him swell as he gets closer and that pushes me closer too. His head feels as big as a baseball inside me filling me to the maximum. I can feel every time he draws out even a little bit to piston back in hard and fast. I have never been made love to like this. My orgasm takes over and my body jerks out of control. 

I hear myself screaming "Oh Yes Oh Yes Oh God" over and over again. 

He starts to scream "Oh my Angel, my dear sweet Angel" and he starts to cum. 

I can feel the hot seed as it leaves his head and goes deep in me. That hot life giving seed that I so desire. Our orgasm are mutual and intense as we both let it all go and seek the ultimate pleasure that this can give. My body thrusting up at him as he thrusts down at me. As our orgasms slowly subside I feel him pull out and I tell him no I want him to stay inside me and he tell me to get on all fours he isn't done yet. As I turn over he moves behind me and puts his cock right back where it was deep inside me. 

"Oh God does it feel good there." 

He starts to pump me from behind and I hear him say "Come on Baby I know you got one more for me." 

"God how does he know me so well for being the first time we made love." He pounds into me from behind as I push back at him. He leans up and around and grabs a titty as he continues to assault me from behind with that wonderful cock of his. Pulling on my nipple and banging away at me drives me close again. I have never cum this many times at once in my life this man is good Damn good. 

I hear him tell me "Reach back and stroke your clit for me while I make love to you." 

My fingers know just where to touch to bring me off quickly and I want to orgasm again my body is tense and ready to explode as he is driving hard in to me. Just as I feel the orgasm crash over me he lets go of my titty and swats me on my ass with his palm. God that pushes me even deeper into the orgasm as I fall forward on my tummy and just quiver and shake. He follows me down and keeps stroking into me until I go out again. 

"My God Trent where did you learn that little trick" I ask when I recover and find myself in his arms again holding me. 

He says "Don't worry about where just be glad I did." 

We started out internet friends and now we are more much more. I am not sure where it will go from here but I do know we will always be friends. And probably friends with fringe benefits. But that will be a whole new story...