 I stepped up to her and gently kissed her on the lips, drew away and said softly, "I have loved you for a very long time."

Jane looked into my eyes and said, "Where do we go from here?"

I had secretly loved this woman and never knew what to do. I knew her husband was a shit and never gave her the attention she wanted/needed. Jane was a beautiful statuesque woman with very full breasts and full hips. Shoulder length blond hair and a face like an angel. I have seen her melt like butter in my hands and have seen her hold her ground in business deal acting like the tuff professional she is. Was she out of my league?

Jane sat on the desk in front of me naked and just received the fuck of her life. She was probably overwhelmed because it was the most excitement she has had for a very long time. So I said, "Lets go to the shop."

Jane said, "Why do you want to go there."

"Has asshole ever taken you there for sex on a tractor?"

"No, but then again, He wouldn't"

I stood up and pulled her off the desk. She fell into my arms because her legs were weak and could not support her weight. Her massive tits pressing on my chest and the tingle of her very short muff hair on my cock, brought renewed life to my semi erect member. I squeezed her and kissed her again, passionately, making her legs weaker. I pushed her back on the desk and handed her her jeans and shirt, I left her panties and bra on the floor. I slid my pants and shirt on and grabber her hand and lead her to the back.

As we walked through the showroom Jane asked, "What if someone is here?"

I replied, "No one is here"

"What if someone comes?"

"Your gonna cum."

"What if someone walks in on us, I am barely covered."

"No one is going to walk in on us and you will be naked again soon."

We entered the repair shop and I saw an old International Harvester 1066 in the back corner. I new the front tire would be about the right height for Jane to sit and I would enter her standing up in front. As we passed a workbench I grabbed a handful of clean shop rags. When we got to the tractor I placed several clean rags on the tire and told Jane to take off her cloths and sit. I noticed her crotch was very wet on her pants. She wears her jeans very tight and I wondered if it was the way she walked was turning her on or if it was just leaking out from our previous romp.

Jane was sitting on the tractor tire naked and I pushed my pants down and pulled my shirt off. I stood I front of her and kissed her some more. I handled her breasts and pulled on her nipples. After a few minutes of this tender caressing she began to fondle my love stick. Jane drew me near and guided me into that tight hot pussy again. I can't believe how tight she is. Since I just came I knew this would take awhile to cum again, I was going to give her several more orgasms and we both were going to enjoy them.

I was giving Jane my entire length, in long slow strokes. She was rolling a nipple between her thumb and finger and her lower lip was quivering. I said, "I remember watching porn with you. You said this was worth extra points." With that I moved my right hand down and pinched her clit, then started to rub it. Jane came violently.

"GA GA GA GAWD D DD." Jane shook, her head went back and her eyes closed. When this happened her tits came up to head height. I was standing in front of her; pushed in as far as I could go, not moving. I noticed her chest was getting red and her tits were actually growing and turning pink. Jane's nipples were also growing. It was like all of her blood was going to her tits. Her pussy was spasming on my cock.

With those bodacious ta tas staring me in the eye I couldn't help but grab one with my lips and start sucking. "Harder" Jane ordered. So I did, I was sucking harder than a vacuum cleaner, and then I started biting them.

Jane went limp and fell back against the side of the tractor. She was moaning, her snatch was milking my cock. The spasms were tremendous; I never felt anything like it. Her juices were actually running out of her. I kept biting her nipples and she kept cumming. There was no break, I was standing balls deep in the tightest pussy I ever had and it was sucking me in and squeezing the life out of me at the same time.

Several minutes passed while I was feasting on those monster tits, my dick never moving. I was being milked and there was nothing I could do. I don't think I could have pulled out if I wanted to. Jane was half laying back, there were moans coming from her mouth, her cunt was squeezing my cock, I was pinching her clit and she was cumming and cumming and cumming. Then suddenly I burst. I shot four big pumps of my man juice into that milking machine. I would have pumped more but it was too tight. My teeth came off of the nipple I was biting when I stood up to unload. Jane was barely conscious but she was still spasming around my cock. This was no doubt the best pussy I ever had.

I was standing there, basking in the after glow, my hard on was just slightly going soft as the twitching sensation was continuing from Jane's wonderful pussy. Her eyes were opening as she came back to the real world. There was a glow on her face and her eyes looked hazy, but she was smiling while catching her breath. God she was beautiful, even with the beads of sweat on her forehead and in her cleavage as her tits rose and fell.

Suddenly some one was entering our world. The entrance door to the shop swung open and in walked Jim. It was after 6:00 so I knew he had several beers by now. He didn't turn on the lights but started walking in our direction. Jane turned to see what was going on and had a look of panic on her face. I put my finger to my lips to let her know to be quiet. Jim was walking right toward us. My dick was still in Jane's pussy, we were both basically naked, an about to be interrupted by one of her employees. 

I don't know if it was the excitement of getting caught, getting caught by one of my old coworkers, getting caught by one of my old coworkers while stuffing the boss, or Jane's super tight pussy around my dick: I was getting hard again. The look of distress on Jane's face was overwhelming, I though she was going to cry. It then occurred to me that Jim was going to his toolbox at the back of the tractor. If we stayed still he would never notice us in the dark.

Jim pulled a drawer open and removed something, it was dark I couldn't see. Then he turned and started walking back towards the door. Jane's cunt was twitching again as my dick made it harder, pushing against her back wall. She started to buck a little on the tire trying to get some movement out of me, her lust and excitement coming back. She let out a little whimper and I covered her mouth. Jim stopped and turned his head; if the lights were on he would have seen us. He started walking for the door and left.

Jane said, "Damn that was close."

"You liked almost getting caught didn't you?"

"It was exciting." 

"What do you think Ken would do if he ever finds out?"

"I don't care, just get me off again. God I love this. Will you take me in the ass, I've wanted to try it for a long time but couldn't get Ken to do it"

Knowing I am twice the lover her dim wit husband ever though of being, how could I refuse. I said, "Can you stand up and lean on the tire?" Jane replied, "First you gotta remove that base ball bat from my pussy." I backed away but her cunt still gripped my shaft, not wanting to give it up. When I came out there was a flood. Fluid gushed everywhere. Some hers some mine. When Jane stood up she was wet clear down to her ankles. I was thinking I better get her some water or she will be dehydrated. She pushed herself into me and reached for a kiss. I squeezed both ass cheeks while our tongues wrestled. Her tits were almost pushing me over.

Jane turned around and put her hands on the tire. Bent over in front of me was an ass to die for. It was easy to see there was plenty of maiden oil around the cherry ass hole. My dick was still covered with juice as I pushed my cock head to her hole. It was even tighter than her cunt, but finally the head went in. Jane gasped sharply. I waited a few seconds for her to adjust. Then I started pushing in slowly and rocking back out. Taking short strokes so she could get used to being filled. 

Jane was gasping for breath the whole time. Her knees were getting weak because she was slowly falling towards the floor. I reached in front with my left hand and squeezed a whole breast (at least what would fit in my hand). Then I started pinching her left nipple. My right hand found its way down to her clit. I thought Jane was going to rip my dick off when I pinched her clit and she shuddered. She started pushing back against me in rhythm. I was nearly getting all the way in when she started mumbling. I couldn't make out what she was saying but she was spraying my right hand with cum while I was tweaking her clit.

Now I was sinking in balls deep into her ass and my sack was spanking her lower lips. There was a splashing sound and I could feel the wetness on my bag. Jane was literally jumping off the floor with each thrust. I let go of her left nipple so I could stand up straight. I could see her huge tits swaying, they would make a clapping sound when the came together. They are so big and so full the way they move was mesmerizing. I loved her tits and would be a happy man if all I ever got to do was nuzzle on them for ever. Being a tit man and so much enjoying the view I was overwhelmed and started pumping hot jiz in her tight ass. Jane felt the pumping and gushed again.

I let my dick soften before pulling it out. Jane was heaving trying to catch her breath. When I started to back away Jane backed with me. "Just leave it in a little longer, I like how it fills me up." Jane said. She caught her breath, leaned forward and I came out with a pop as my head came through her little rose bud.

"Ron, this is the best I ever been treated, you were soft and tender when you needed to be and rough when I didn't know I really wanted it. I don't want to say anything now in the heat of passion that either of us would take wrong or regret, but I love the way you just made love to me."

"Jane I fell in love with you the first time you smiled at me and your nipples were staring me in the face. I don't want to do anything that would jeopardize our friendship or your home life. If the shower still works in the back bathroom, lets get cleaned up and go home. We can talk about things later when our heads are clear." 

To be continued?