 I looked up and he was standing there, staring at me. I didn't even hear him come in as I was leisurely enjoying my Saturday morning coffee after breakfast. I was sitting at the dining room table just off the kitchen reading the morning paper and my cat was in the chair next to me. I still had on my sleeping clothes – a loose-fitting, scoop-neck top and my over-sized flannel shorts sans panties. He had on his typical getup - a plaid, flannel shirt tucked into a pair of tight, button-fly jeans and medium weight work boots. His baseball cap had the logo of some football team.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, somewhat annoyed.

"Are they gone?" he replied, intentionally ignoring my question.

"Yes, they left about an hour ago," I said, ignoring his ignoring of my question and knowing that he knew the answer to his question before he asked it.

"When will they be back?" he continued questioning me.

"They left for the day," I answered.

That must have satisfied him as he stopped talking. He continued to stare at me. I picked up my coffee cup, cradled it in both hands, and sipped some of my morning wake-up nectar.

"Do you want me to leave?" he asked.

I slowly shook my head "No" even though I knew I should have said "Yes."

He continued to look at me as I took another sip of coffee. I felt the shivers of thrill and anticipation surge through me. I tried to remain composed on the outside and put my coffee cup down so I wouldn't start shaking.

"Stand up," he calmly ordered.

"Oh, my god, it's started," I thought to myself as I pushed my chair away from the table and stood up.

"Look at me," he said.

I turned and faced him with my hands at my side. He said nothing as his eyes took in all of me from the tip of my head to my bare feet.

A slight smile escaped from his lips. "Was I acceptable to him?" I asked myself. So many times we had found ourselves in the same situation and I could never figure out the answer.

"Move away from the table," he spoke quietly, but firmly.

"God, I love it when he talks like that," I felt.

I was so nervous. I stepped away from the table, but remained close enough to my chair so I could grab it if I needed to steady myself. I could tell my breathing had increased; my chest was moving up and down. "He can probably see my hard nipples under my shirt," I supposed. Just thinking that made me more agitated.

"Well?" I thought. "Get on with it," but he made no move or motion, just continued to look at me, his deep blue eyes piercing any resistance I might have had. I started to slightly fidget.

"Be still," he demanded.

He does this every time and every time I simply get wet between my legs. I don't know what it is, but just standing here in front of him and knowing what will come makes my juices begin to flow. I tried to hold still.

Then, "Take your pants off," he said in a no nonsense manner.

I trembled as I hooked my thumbs under the waistband of my pants and slowly pushed them down, over my butt, over my thighs, below my knees, past my calves, and down to the floor. As I always did, I slowly stood up exposing myself to him, reached out for the chair, stepped out of my pants with one foot, and with the other foot, flipped my pants to the side.

My shirt reached to just below my breasts and from there down I was undisguised in all my nakedness. I felt my pussy begin to warm to his stare.

"Let go of the chair," he said.

I moved my hand to my side. I wondered if he could see my pussy expand as the blood rushed to it. I moved my legs slightly apart to give it room.

"Now, squat," he ordered.

I felt my cunt gush as I moved my left leg out and slowly lowered myself until I was just inches from the floor.

"You like this, don't you?" he asked.

I lied and shook my head, "No."

"Then, why are you so wet? You're almost dripping on the floor," he said.

I knew it was true.

"Feel yourself," he ordered again.

I looked at him and knew there was no way out. I took the first two fingers of my right hand, reached between my legs, and wiped myself from the back to the front. I stuck my fingers into my mouth and tasted my own fluid. I wouldn't have been surprised if I had been dripping on the floor, I was so turned on.

"Spread your legs," he said. I grabbed onto the chair and moved my knees as far apart as I could. He could now see my puffy, hairless, dripping cunt as it waited for what was to come. I put my other hand out behind me and leaned back on it. My tits stuck out like pointed triangles as my shirt hid nothing from the imagination. "I could almost come," I thought.

"Lie back," he relented as he could see my agitation and straining.

I put my butt down and lay back on the floor as I let go of the chair. I rested with my knees still spread. "This is so bad and I love it so much," I thought as I closed my eyes.

I felt him walk over to me, but he didn't touch me or say anything. "He's probably looking at my cunt," I thought and it surged some more.

He must have knelt down between my legs as I felt his feather touch on the inside of both my legs just above my knees. I shivered. He slowly moved his fingers up and down working toward the center of my being, which was what my cunt was now as he tortured me with his touch.

I moaned uncontrollably. I moved my cunt up hoping it could be touched and relieve some of this extreme agony. It didn't happen. His touch stopped within millimeters of it. I couldn't bear it and moaned again, my cunt in intense anguish.

I felt his hot breath on my cunt, but no touching. He said he loved my scent. My cunt just wished for a touch.

He said, "O.K." and I knew it was time.

I opened my eyes, stood up, and led him to the bed. I stopped at the edge facing the bed with him behind me.

"You know what to do," he said with authority.

I took my shirt off, the material grazed my nipples as I lifted it up. I folded the bed covers back, stacked the three pillows in the middle of the bed, and mounted them lying on my back with my cunt in the air. My heart was almost beating through my chest. Unconsciously I began to knead my tits and pinch my nipples. I glanced at him and saw he was ready, too. His cock stood hard at an angle away from his body and he held two devices in his hands.

"Oh, god," I thought and almost came when I saw what he held.

He climbed on the bed and positioned himself between my legs and leaned forward. His cock just barely slid into my cunt lips. I moaned again and moved my hips up against him. He reached forward and put the nipple clamps on me. They were so tight. I felt the sting and could hardly stand it; I shuddered. I opened my mouth for air as my breathing became more ragged.

He put his hands on the bed at each side of my breasts and I moved my hands up to his arms. He leaned down and kissed me. My mouth was open for him and he enveloped me in that anticipated ecstasy that always came. Our tongues entwined and I could feel him moving his hands to the headboard so he could support himself in his fucking position. He moved his cock back, I arched my pelvis, and he entered me.

He pulled his head back and looked at me. Then he began his ritual, rhythmic, seemingly unceasing fucking of me.

The pain in my nipples caused them to be stimulated to fever heights. His fucking almost took my breath away and I struggled to breathe with my cunt in the air and my legs spread apart. He was like a jackhammer with each stroke as he pounded my cunt relentlessly. We alternated grunts and breaths as I pushed my cunt higher and higher to accept more and more of him. And it continued nonstop. I was getting dizzy, as always, as I kneaded my tits and wanted more. The only sounds were our bodies slapping together and our grunts and breathing.

"You... Fuck... Good!" I hoarsely barked in between his thrusts.

"I know," he replied as he kept up his tireless assault on my cunt.

I couldn't feel my nipples anymore; the pain was just a distant memory. My tits will have marks on them again, I thought, as I pinched and squeezed them incessantly. I could feel my orgasm begin to build within the very fiber of my cunt.

"Hit me harder!" I demanded.

"Huh?" he said.

"Hit me harder! Harder!" I repeated.

He slowed his rate and began to hammer me harder and deeper. I had brought my knees up and now I grabbed them and pulled them back against me leaving my cunt unprotected against his cock which seemed to get harder and longer with each assault.

It was coming. I could really feel it now.

"Go! Go! Go!" I shouted as I focused on my cunt. Oh, yeah, this is goin – Then it hit me like a freight train.

"Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Oh, shit! Fuck! Oh, god! Oh..." I screamed!

I let go of my legs and let it ride through me. My body bucked uncontrollably as he gradually slowed his thrusting and then I could feel him coming deep inside me. Spurt after spurt, just like always, he filled me up. A couple of groans and he was done.

I relaxed with him still in me. He reached down and removed the clamps. Relief and blood rushed into my nipples.

He pulled out, I lifted up, and he removed the pillows from under me. We rested on the bed.

"They'll be back later," he said quietly.

"Yeah," I replied.

"Then they'll leave again," he said.

"You'll probably be back, too, and then you'll leave again."

"It's better that way," he said.

"I know."

He got up, dressed, and left as quietly as he arrived.