 It's Saturday evening, I've been at work all week and have spent the day running around doing the shopping, cleaning and the 101 other jobs that working women do these days I've had enough for one day and am flopped out on the sofa, a can of diet coke in one hand and the remote control in the other, watching rubbish on the TV. I know you're watching me from the doorway, but chose to ignore you, I lift my leg and drape it over the arm of the sofa, my robe falls apart and you can see my smooth hairless cunt, gleaming in the light from the TV.

I absently slip my hand inside my robe, you watch whilst I tease my nipple, making it hard and pointed inside the robe... You move over from the doorway to kneel before my, you watch as my cunt starts to get wet, it glistens with juices as I continue to play with my nipple... I don't even pay any attention to you as you begin to lick at my puss, gently at first... hesitantly lapping like a small puppy, then more insistently, from back to front, twirling your tongue around my clit, teasing it...

I start to snuggle down into the sofa and get more comfortable, I open my legs wider and you move position, so that you are more comfortable and can get your tongue inside my cunt. You raise your hands and part my baby smooth cunt lips and stiffening your tongue begin to tongue fuck me... I now notice that the finger you've had playing with my arsehole has now wormed it's way inside and is moving rhythmically in and out of my now wet ring. Another finger slides easily into my wet cunt and the two begin to massage my innards in weird and wonderful ways, whilst all the time you continue to suck and tease my clit.

I push you away and turn my back towards you so that you can lick my ring whilst I play with my cunt. I push my bottom towards you. You know I want to feel your tongue up inside my arsehole. You oblige willingly, all the time thinking how you'd like to push your beg thick cock into that tiny, puckered little hole... You want to fuck me now, you try to turn me around to face you and let you kiss me and fuck my cunt. I nuzzle alongside you now, my hands finding your arse, I slip a finger into the crack, dipping gently into your ring... I can feel your cock pressing against my belly; you gently move it so that it's rubbing against my clit. Wetting itself in my juices.

I twist out of your grasp, laughing I move to the other side of the room. I sit down on the chair, spread my legs and start playing with my hot wet cunt... My eyes are closed; my fingers spread my lips wide, you watch with wonder as my fingers slip so easily inside my hot, red snatch. You watch as the juices begin to trickle down my thighs. You move toward me and without getting too close you watch and smell what I'm doing. You jump as the doorbell rings unexpectedly.

I get up from the chair and naked go to the front door, I open it... in walks a tall muscular man. He turns and kisses me, you watch as the fruit you have so lovingly prepared is offered to another. I spread myself before him as you sit in the chair that I have so recently vacated. You can still feel the wet, sticky patch where my juices dribbled. You take your cock into your hand and begin to play with yourself as you watch...

You watch as his huge dick slides easily into my wet cunt. That is where you want to be!!! You watch and see the smile on my face as his dick powers into my snatch. You're getting upset! You want my attention. I don't even look at you. I'm moaning and calling his name. You can see his cock in my pussy, his finger up my arse. He lifts and rolls himself under me. You watch helplessly as I lift myself up and down upon his cock, a smile on my face as I moan softly.

You move over and try to push your cock into my arse, I bat you away... you can see he's about to shoot his wad into me at any moment. You watch him shudder as he comes... A smile on his face. You watch as I relax back into the sofa, my legs spread apart and his cum dribbling from my cunt... He turns to you, he grabs you by the back of your neck and forces you down between my legs... He makes you lick his come from my cunt... All the time he's calling me names... She's my fuck toy, my whore, my slut... Lick her cunt,

I'm exhausted. I've come 3 times whilst he was fucking me... I lay there lazily as you continue to lick my smooth cunt clean... The man picks up his clothes, throws £50 on the floor and walks out the door. Slamming it behind him.

You help me to my feet, carry me upstairs and run my bath for me... you gently lay me in the bath and wash me, every single inch of me, You wash my shoulders and back, my tummy, my breasts, you spend a long time massaging my legs and feet and toes. For a while I lay there quietly whilst you lick my feet and suck my toes. You then wash inside my pussy and my arse for me. I am too exhausted to do anything for myself... You lift me from the bath and wrap me in a large fluffy towel. You start to dry me... You take me to my bed! It's black metal, arched gothic... you lay me on the bed,

You peel back the towel... You want my puss and as you lay me in bed you bend over to smell it washed again and wish it were dirty again! I spread myself on the bed, clean... open, inviting... Hummm that shaved puss you can just start to feel the prickle of the hairs as they start to regrow... So you kiss the clit slowly and carefully, want it back in your mouth while you caress my legs and feel my fresh skin! I'm playing with my nipples Hummmmmmm moaning quietly... you lie by my side and touch me with your fingers and suck my breasts gently

I take your cock in my hand... you feel my fingers tighten around you... I move my hand slowly up and down your swollen cock I lick my lips... You moan gently as you feel the warm contact of my tongue... You say "You do that you hadn't done it to me or to the other guy!" You nuzzle your face... deep into my cunt... I can feel you moaning as I gently lick around the knob at the top of your cock... You've been holding back and thoughts run wild in your head! Your cock swells as you feel the tip enter into the warm confines of my moist mouth... I pull back my head... look you in the eyes as I push out my tongue... and deliberately lick from your balls to the tip of your cock... right along... that sensitive bit along the bottom Once more I let the knob of your cock enter into my mouth... all the time now I'm watching you... You grab my hair... You moan " WWOWW! I'm trying to concentrate on you but I'm enjoying myself too much to worry about you now! I want to rub my cock against your ass!!!!!"

You hold my hair roughly... you push your cock deep into my mouth...down my throat... you hear me gag as I begin to choke. Deeper and deeper...

Your thoughts are why am I not filming this?" And again I wish there was someone to fuck you so I could enjoy your performance but don't want to be left out again! You want to put it in! You pull back, push me down... Turn me on all fours... Please don't go away! You force your cock... deep into my cunt... hard and fast... you can't control your urge You fuck me harder and harder, I can feel your balls slapping against my arse cheeks Your hands pull on my nipples using them like handles to pull me back onto you... You are getting more and more excited... Harder and harder... I can feel you swelling inside my cunt... I'm loosing control here! I know you're gonna shoot inside me any moment... You're pushing down on me... groaning... I feel the first signs of a spasm building in your cock... But I want you to come with me so we must play for a bit! I feel it grow and swell Oh fuck can I hold it! You move your hand down to my clit... you pinch it... I begin to groan... I reach under you and my hand cups your balls as I touch them... I feel the cum, bursting through the dam in your balls, traveling down your cock... you groan and pinch my clit...

As I feel your cum gush inside my cunt... I feel an orgasm build and rush up my belly... my cunt contracts and s your cum starts to pour from your cock Our mutual spasms drain every last drop of juice from us... OH!!!! God!

We collapse, in a sweaty, sticky heap on the bed... groaning softly... your softening cock sidling slowly from my sticky snatch. We curl up beside each other on the bed. Like spoons in a drawer... your hand holding on to my smooth, sticky wet cunt... as we fall into dreamless slumber.