 Chapter 1: The Small Red Barn

The Harvest Festival at Huntsville Farm had just begun. I was doing my job as a Petting Farm Attendant, so basically all I did was chase escaped goats. My boss' 23 year old son Nick was helping out today. He lived with his parents on the property after being released from prison. I walked into the petting farm office to find him smoking a cigarette.

"I thought you were bringing me some coffee?" I said in a sassy tone with my hands on my hips.

"I said I might bring you some, but what do I get in return?" he quirked an eyebrow, before taking a long drag off his cigarette.

"My love forever and the satisfaction of knowing I won't strangle a customer." I fluttered my eyelashes, and flashed him an innocent smile.

"What kinda love? The warm and fuzzy love? Or," He stepped a little closer and "The touchy feely love?" he asked a little softer with smirk on his face. I felt my self blush despite my mind's prostests.

"You're my boss's son. Need I say more?" I replied pointedly, taking a step back and ignoring the fog in my head his earthy scent created.

"True. Plus you're not legal anyway." He shrugged and sat down on a feed bin, taking another drag off his cigarette.

"Actually, I just turned eighteen last week." For some reason, I felt the need to correct him.

"Really?" he asked surprised. "Happy birthday." He said with a tone I couldn't identify, but it made me feel self-conscious.

"Thanks," I said, blushing a little, not that he could tell with my light mocha colored skin. At least I hoped he couldn't tell.

He finished his cigarette in silence, appearing to be deep in thought. I needed to get back to telling kids not to chase the chickens, so I turned and walked out, mumbling a goodbye and leaving him to his thoughts.

~V&W~

I stood in the goat pen and explained to yet another customer that no, that goat is not pregnant HE is just extremely fat. Nick came up to the other side of the fence and waited for me to finish talking to that customer. I spot him out the corner of my eye, and quickly found a reason to end my conversation. As I made my way to him, my stomach fluttered, confusing the shit out of me.

"I've been calling your name for like two minutes," He smirked as I approached.

"Oh, really how the hell was supposed hear over that?" I rolled my eyes and gestured towards the DJ playing child friendly music.

"True," he chuckled. He continued to speak, but at that moment the hayride passed by us, making his words nearly impossible to hear.

"What? I can't hear you." I half shouted of the noise of the tractor.

"I said," he leaned over the fence close to my ear and whispered, "How do you like your coffee?"

I couldn't help the shivers that went down my spine in the most delightful way. Something about the way he said coffee made my mind wander elsewhere. Damn did he smell good! My god, the things I would do to him. Wait, where did that thought come from?

"Mocha, Coffee? How do you like it?" Nick asked me again, breaking my internal monologue.

"Oh, um, three sugars and lots of cream."I stuttered a little bit flustered, and feeling yet another blush creep across my tanned face. 

"Cool," I swear I heard a slight chuckle. As he turned and walked away, I couldn't help but stare as his ass. Damn was it fine.

~V&W~

"Coffee for Ms. Mocha" an incredibly sexy voice whispered in my ear as I leaned my back up against the fence. I felt my eyes roll into the back of my head as I let the sound wash over me. I inhaled deeply in attempt to compose myself. It actually had the an adverse effect as I breathed in his intoxicationg smell.

"Took you long enough." I said in my sassiest tone as I turned to face him, trying to act unaffected by him.

"Well if you don't want it, I'll just...." He started to turn to walk off with both our coffees.

"Don't you dare!!!" I said grabbing the coffee from his left hand

"That's what I thought," he grinned smugly, drinking some of his coffee.

I stuck my tongue out at him in response. It was impossible not to notice how his gorgeous blue-grey eyes darkened in response.

We started chatting lightly, seeing as my goat pen wasn't very busy at that moment. Slowly the conversation started getting deeper. We began talking about past relationships. He told me about how the last girl broke his heart. He told me how she claimed that he never had time for her, and that she claimed they were too different. He also told me with sad eyes about how over the three months they dated she had become so withdrawn she barely spoke. She didn't even speak to him to break it off, she did it through a text message.

"She is missing out on something great," I said in attempt to console him, but I also could feel the truth in my words.

"You really think so?" his green eyes softened a little. In that moment I could see how vulnerable he really was. All too quickly his eyes hardened back to the tough guy he pretended to be.

"Yah, I really do." I told him sincerely, and smiled. He returned with a sheepish grin. In that moment an incredibly hot guy passed by. I admit I was staring at his ass. Then I noticed Nick doing the same thing. I raised an eyebrow in question.

He looked like a deer in the headlights for a brief second. He sighed and said, "I'm like you."

I nodded in understanding. However, I had suspicions but was a little shocked to learn it to be true.

"I know I'm pan, but just have more of a preference for women." His eyes had something unreadable in them, but I knew what he was saying to be true.

"I had my suspicions" I admitted, unfazed by his confession.

"Really? Most people are shocked to find out." His eyebrows rose in confusion "Mocha, you always manage to surprise me."

"Well it takes one to know one." I giggled lightly.

"Amen to that. It also has its perks." He said drinking his coffee.

"Like what?" I asked, curious as to what his answer would be.

"I get to be submissive to males, but dominant to women." His expression was unreadable.

Dear god it seemed he knew exactly what to say to get me worked up. In that moment I realized how badly I wanted him. But I decided to play it cool, and replied with a slightly flustered "True."

I swear that for a second his mouth twitched into a grin and his eyes darkened even more so. He finished his coffee, I did the same. He threw his cup away. I held my empty cup out with a pouty face.

"Be careful, that pout might get you into trouble with me" I know that he could see my reaction as my face felt like it was on fire. He took my cup from me with an amused grin.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, children of all ages, if you will gather around the dj booth, the magic show will now begin!" The DJ announced. 

We turned to the DJ booth, watching in silence at first. I found my body strangely aware of his presence and my mind even more aware of how close he was.

"You know how he did that one?" Nick broke the silence.

I shook my head "Nope."

"He had the jack in his sleeve; he grabbed it as he finished shuffling."

"Oh my gosh, now I get it!" I grinned, it now made sense to me.

"He has quick, agile hands. Not as much as me when I do card tricks but still so." He said looking at me.

My mind went to the things I'd like him to do with those hands, and ways he could use those skills.

"You okay Mocha?" he seemed amused. I nodded and pretended to be focused on the magic show. He didn't seem convinced, my blush being a dead give away. If anything he seemed more amused. "You know we had some baby bunnies born yesterday?"

"Really?" I looked at him, despite my still ongoing blush. I was genuinely excited about the baby bunnies, but I was also more than a little thankful for the change of subject.

"Come on, I'll show you. Everyone is watching the magic show anyways." He motioned for me to follow. I closed the first gate before opening and shutting the second behind me as I followed him to in front of the petting farm office. He led me behind the bunny cages. He opened one and handed me a tiny pink bunny.

"They are so cute!" my heart melted at the sight if them.

"Aren't they? Here, you gotta keep him warm," he said cupping the backs of my hands to close them a little tighter around the baby. I looked up at him, making eye contact. His eyes were unreadable again. I blushed anyways, and I saw him silently chuckle.

"Thanks for showing them to me," I slightly stammered. I went to hand the baby back to him, but instead he motioned for me to put it back in the nest. I moved closer to the door of the cage and put him with the others in the nest. As I went to step back so I could shut and latch the door, I found myself unable to do so, because there was a wall of muscle in my way. I felt him lightly place his hands on my hips, and the breath caught in my throat.

"Now Mocha, you wanna tell me what was, or should I say is, really wrong?" he whispered in my ear as his pressed himself up against me from behind.

"N-no-nothing." I insisted, silently cursing my voice's betrayal. My eyes slipped shut at the feeling of him being so close. My breathing sped up as it became shallower.

"Now, now Mocha, I think we both know that's not true." He whispered so quietly in my ear I could barely hear him. His voice sent the most delightful shivers down my spine. He began to nibble on my earlobe, rubbing his palms in small, slow circles on my hips. A low moan escaped my lips before I could stop it."You have been blushing all morning, and I can't help but wonder what type of thoughts could have a Vixen like you, blushing so red."

"We can't do this, I work for your mother." I managed to force out.

"If you truly want me to stop, then tell me to and I will." He started kissing down my neck, his hands getting bolder and wider with their circle. I couldn't find it in me to say stop.

"Tell me what you want Mocha." He whispered than proceeded to suck on a spot below me ear.

"I- I want..."

"You have to tell me."

"You, I want you!" I gasped out as he bit my neck roughly.

He stopped what he was doing and forcefully turned me around and kissed me. Softly at first, but then our kiss grew deeper and needier as the desire heightened. He must have wanted me as badly as I wanted him, seeing as he was grinding the evidence against me. I dragged my nails down his back over his shirt. He pulled back, and a whimper escaped me at the loss.

"Not here, people can see us. The magic show is almost over." He whispered, his voice going straight to my panties. "Meet me at the small red barn in 5 minutes." I nodded in response, feeling more than a little breathless. He kissed me one more time, then checking to make sure no one saw, he walked away towards the pasture with the barn. I openly admit I stared at his ass while he walked away admiring the contrast of his light tanned skin against the dark jeans that hung low on his hips.

~V&W~

As I entered the tack room, Nick quickly shut and latched the door behind me.

"What... took... so... long?" he asked between frantic kisses.

"I had... to locate... your mother... and... tell her... I was... taking..." I almost lost my train of thought when he roughly grabbed my ass, pulling me tighter against him and pulling a gasp from my lungs.

"Taking what, dear Vixen?" he smirked against my lips.

"A long break." I wrapped my legs around his waist as he roughly pushed me against the wooden door. I started grinding against him with need, using my ankles to draw him closer me. I slipped my hands underneath his uniform shirt, removing his radio from his belt in the process and turning it off before tossing it aside. I ran my hands over his abs, lightly at first, but then rougher as I dug my nails in and dragged them down wards, stopping just above his belt. I was granted a deep groan in return. He pulled back just long enough for me to remove his shirt.

"God, I want you, so, damn, bad" he whispered as he nibbled my neck, causing me to moan in response.

"You have... no idea... what you are getting, ugh, yourself into." I was amazed I could still form sentences.

"Oh, but finding out will be so, damn, fun." As our tongues danced together, he tugged on the bottom of my shirt and I moved so he could remove it. He started to kiss the exposed tops of my 32C breasts. I reflexively bucked my hips against him. He reached behind me to undo my bra, then paused. He looked at me with a comically confused look on his face.

"Front closure." I giggled slightly. I reached between my breasts and unlocked the clasp.

"Always full of surprises I see" he recaptured my lips as I let my bra fall to the ground. He reached up to play with nipples lightly and gently at first, then rougher as he pinched them, forcing a groan from me. He ducked down so that he could suck on one, will still teasing the other. He let his stubble rub against my nipple at first, sending waves of pleasure straight to where it counts, and causing me to cry out louder then I intended.

"Shhh, Mocha, we can't be caught" he scolded teasingly in a velvet tone. I then noticed how his eyes had gone completely black, and damn was it sexy. He pulled me close to him and carried me to a large pile of hay he had laid a blanket over while he kissed me. He gently set me down, not once did our lips break contact. He started kissing down my jaw, then my neck. He paused long enough to flick his tongue across my nipples, smiling smugly at my enthusiastic moan. He then proceeded down my stomach, pulling on my navel ring with his teeth. It was strangely erotic. He licked all the way across my hips, just above the waist band of jeans. He removed my muck boots and socks, setting them to the side. He hovered above me, smirking as he slowly lowered his head to my jeans. I watched as he unbuttoned my jeans with his teeth, and then unzipped them in the same manner. It had to have been one the sexiest things I had ever seen. I lifted my hips a little so he could tug them down and toss them aside.

"Lace panties?" he seemed truly shocked by my choice of black butterfly lace boy shorts. "I always took you for a cotton kind of girl."

I grinned, and replied, "Like you said, I full of surprises." I swear I heard a growl in response, but I was quickly distracted by the sensation of his lips on my thighs. He kissed and licked every inch of my thighs and hips, except for where I wanted him to. He moved to my inner thighs, licking along the bottom edges of my panties.

"Please," I was not above begging at this point.

"Please what, Mocha?" he asked from between my knees that somehow ended up on his shoulders.

"Please stop teasing me, ughh!" I moaned when he bit the inside of my thigh just below my center.

He chuckled at my reaction, and place my leg back under him, he moved so that his face was just barely not touching the waistband or my panties. I could feel his breath on me, I felt like I could cum right there. He waited until I met his gaze. Then without breaking eye contact, he grabbed the top of my panties with his teeth and dragged them off of me. With those out of the way, he dove straight for the spot between my legs. I was silently thankful I chosen to shave the day before, but my thoughts were cut short when I felt his tongue running along the outside of my pussy. He slowly parted my lower lips with tongue.

"Fuck!" I cried out when he brushed his stubble against my clit.

"You gotta be quiet, Mocha." He said against my pussy, sending vibrations through me. I nodded in response knowing that I was unable to respond any other way. I finally felt his tongue enter me, making me let out a long groan. "So damn wet. You taste so good. Like sweet coffee and chocolate." Damn he was hot when started talking like that. I was so close, and he knew it too. He stopped just as I was about to climax, making my whimper with need. He slipped two fingers inside me, pumping ever so slowly and keeping me on the very edge of release. "Would you like to cum, my dear Vixen?" I nodded enthusiastically. "Then answer me this. Who made you cum? Cum for me Mocha" he bit down on my clit, and I saw stars.

"Nick!" I cried out as I came around his fingers.

"That's it baby, cum around my fingers" he said as he moved up to kiss me. He continued to finger fuck me and kiss me while I came down from my orgasm.

"Damn that was good," finally said once I caught my breath and was coherent enough to speak.

"What can I say, I got skills." I rolled my eyes at him. He finally withdrew his fingers from me, and I watched mesmerized as he slowly licked my juices from his hand. When he was done, I straddled his lap and kissed him forcefully, while grinding against him through his jeans. I moaned at the taste of me in his mouth.

I began to lick and kiss my way across his jaw, and bite my way down his neck. I continued downwards, pausing to swirl my tongue around and bite each nipple, earning me the sexiest growl I had ever heard. I grinned as I licked the crevices of his well defined abs. I kissed all along the v-shape of his hips. I looked him in the eye as I knelt in front of him, between his legs. I undid his belt buckle and then the top button of his pants. I maintained eye contact as I leaned forward and slowly unzipped his pants with my teeth. He gifted me with a long sexy growl. Once they were unzipped, I looked down and my eyes widened.

"Commando?" I looked at him with a surprised expression as I completely removed his pants.

He shrugged, "Underwear just gets in the way. I can't believe that's your concern. Most girls are worried about the size."

I gently grabbed his cock and started slowly stroking it, amazed to find it get even bigger. He was about 8.5 to 9 inches, and damn was he thick. I started licking up and down the sides of the shaft.

"Fuck baby, that feels good," Nick groaned in pleasure, his words going straight to my core. He started playing with my nipples, squeezing them delightfully hard when I finally took him into my mouth. I started bobbing up and down what I could fit in my mouth, stroking the rest with my hands. He fisted my hair, guiding me roughly and making me moan around his cock. 

"You like that baby?" He asked me. I grunted the best I could around him in response. After a few minutes he let up on his grip some. I took this opportunity to take him down my throat. He responded with the sexiest, most animalistic growl I had ever heard. His nickname, Wolf, suddenly felt even more fitting.

"Mocha, if you don't stop now, Imma cum before I can fuck you senseless." He gently pulled me off of him, then roughly tugged me u up to kiss him. He picked me up and turned us over, gently laying me back down and climbing over me. He met my eyes, and I nodded. He entered me slowly, and fucked me gently.

"Dammit, if I wanted gentle I would have looked elsewhere! Now fuck me like you mean it, you sexy Wolf!" I challenged him, my eyes defiant.

"Be careful you wish for, Mocha" he growled softly in my ear before roughly flipping me over to fuck me from behind. He grabbed my hair by the roots, slamming into me as hard as he could.

"Faster!" I demanded.

He responded by spanking my ass, making me moan louder than I intended. "You'll take what I give you!" he growled and smacked my ass again. He flipped me over again, hooking my legs over his shoulders, biting my nipple as continued to slam into me, making me cry out.

"Fuck I'm close, you're so damn tight Mocha!" he grunted into my ear.

"I am too, cum with me Wolf!" I said before kissing him. Two or three strokes later I started to cum. "That's right Wolf, fuck me. Fuck me, WOLF!" I shattered right then. He wasn't far behind me, and came with a sexy growl. 

We both just laid there for a moment, enjoying the afterglow. His lips met mine again, but this time they were gentle and tender instead of filled with lust and need. After about ten minutes, he finally pulled out of me, removing and tying a condom I didn't remember him putting on. He handed my clothes, grabbing his. We got dressed between kisses and tender touches. Something had definitely changed between us, and we definitely both felt it. I was about to put on my jeans when I noticed he hadn't given me back my panties.
