 It was an ordinary day like any other, a list of errands to run, so she headed out. A quick stop at the coffee shop on the corner and order the usual, sit for a few minutes. She secretly hoped she would see him again. After all he was there almost as much as she was. She loved watching the way he sipped his drink, held his paper, walked, breathed, everything about him made her curious to know more. 

It seemed as though they were always watching each other. She followed him to the counter and stood behind him in line. The subtle smell of his cologne made her tingle inside. She slowly began looking him over wanting to know everything about him she began to feel hypnotized by his very presence. She carefully listened as he ordered his drink. His voice was so soft and gentle it pierced her soul and gave her a feeling like nothing she had ever experienced before. Like a song meant only for her to hear.

He turned to walk away and their eyes met for a brief second. Her face became flushed with excitement and fear as their eyes locked. It felt as if he could see right through her like he knew what she was thinking. She ordered her drink and very quickly left the coffee shop. 

Driving her mind began to wonder if she was really happy with her life was there something she was missing? How could someone she never met, never spoke to, have this hypnotizing effect on her and make her feel weak and filled with desire? Men have taken notice of her before but this was different. She wanted him to look at her, wanted him to talk to her. She wanted to feel his hands touch her bare skin and caress every part of her body. She longed for it, ached for it. And she could not help but wonder what if?

A few days later she escaped to the coffee shop to collect her thoughts and have some time alone. But why there? She knew he would be there, she wanted him to be there. She ordered her drink, sat and began to read the book she picked up on the way over. Then she saw him. He was walking directly to her. She immediately began to think of what she was going to say. Her heart began racing and she felt as though she couldn't catch her breath. She could feel the blood rushing to her cheeks and her hands began to shake nervously, almost spilling her coffee all over the table and book.

She immediately stood and began walking toward the ladies restroom. She could not bring herself to talk to him. What would she say? How would she act? Surely he could see what his effect on her was. With every part of her body she wanted him. And she knew if he said something to her she would be helpless to stop herself. 

He followed her into the restroom. She backed herself up against the row of sinks and mirrors breathing heavily her face flushed with desire. Their eyes locked unable to look away from each other. What was happening? She was powerless to stop it, and she wanted it with every fiber of her being. 

Carefully he lifted her up onto the counter and spread her legs slowly apart. He began to slide her skirt up ... gently caressing her thighs as he moved it higher. Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion. 

As he leaned in to kiss her he whispered in her ear.......do u want me as much as I want u? He slowly moved his mouth over hers just barely touching his lips to hers never taking his eyes away from her. Yes she whispered. 

He carefully reached his hand between her legs and began to massage her. His touch...soft and gentle sent shock waves through her entire body. For a moment she thought I must be dreaming. Then she gave in and released herself to him completely.

She spread her legs apart further, she leaned back and began unbuttoning her shirt to reveal her breasts nipples hard and erect. His fingers inside her moving with her as she rocked her hips back and forth. She pushed her breasts together for him to carefully and gently suck each nipple. Never taking her eyes away from his.

He traced her lips with his fingertips before slowly inserting them into her mouth so she could taste the silky sweetness of her desire and longing for him. He moved his fingers in and out, they kissed passionately. His tounge slowly entering her mouth, her taste dancing inside.... lips touching ever so slightly, their breath becoming as one.

All the while she was afraid someone would come in and catch them but at the same time she did not care. All that existed at this moment was him and her. She had wondered for so long what this moment would be like. She reached her hand between his legs and felt how hard and ready he was to take her. To penetrate her body, her soul, and her mind. 

He began whispering into her ear how he had watched her for all this time. How he wanted to touch her and make all her fantasies come true. His voice like an angel singing in her ear was hypnotizing. She became lost in it. 

Slowly he entered her just the tip at first moving carefully sweetly around the outside of her, teasing her driving her mad. She begged him to penetrate her. She wanted to feel all of him inside her. Then he thrust his hard erect cock deep inside her pussy. Slowly and methodically he stroked her insides. She gasped it felt so good. Thrusting in and out in a slow rhythmic motion there bodies breath and heartbeat becoming one. He squeezed and sucked her nipples and breasts. She began moaning louder.

Faster deeper and harder he sank into her. She felt his cock become harder and it throbbed inside her bringing her closer to the peak of pure ecstasy. She felt his hot warm juices release inside of her tickling her, and then her soft silky wetness sliding all over him covering him. They exploded together. Her entire body was trembling from the experience, and they stared at each other with out saying a word.