 Zayla walked into her favorite NYC hot spot, The Volt. The dim lit club reeked of cigarette smoke and sex. The walls were adorned with pictures of erotic art and naked photos of couples. 

The rooms were draped with heavy curtains separating each room, the tables were covered with red linen cloths and candle centerpieces. 

Zayla checked herself in the hallway mirror one last time before reaching the bar. That night, she wore a short black dress that complimented her voluptuous figure and red stilettos. Her full lips were shaded with a fire engine red lipstick. Her long, brunette hair fell over her shoulders like a silk shawl.

***

A dark hallway led to a long, lacquered bar where she immediately spotted her favorite bartender, Brent. A tall, slender man with a nice full head of black hair and mesmerizing blue eyes. 

"Hello Brent," Zayla said sitting on the bar stool.

"Hello Zayla, what can I get for you?" he asked glancing at her cleavage.

"A sex on the beach," Zayla answered leaning in giving him a better view of her breasts.

If I could only get him to one of the rooms, she thought while waiting for her drink.

When Brent served her, she paid and headed towards the BDSM room.

***

There was something about watching someone being tied up and having hot wax drizzled all over their body that turned her on.

She took a sip of her drink and watched a man tighten a scarf around a woman's wrist; he grabbed a candle from the table and poured small drops of wax all around her hard nipples.

Zayla took a seat away from the couple but was close enough to see everything that was going on. Her body shivered when he spread the woman's legs and tied them to a pole. She sat back and took another sip from her drink. 

Brent crossed her mind; she wanted to go back and flirt with him, but what would she say? Luckily her drink was almost gone, perfect excuse to go talk to him.

***

"Busy night?" Zayla asked when she reached the bar.

Brent looked up at her and grinned. "Yes, are you enjoying yourself?" 

"I would enjoy it more if you were able to join me," Zayla flirted.

Brent laughed and handed her another sex on the beach. "This one is on me," he said, glancing at her cleavage again.

"Thank you," Zayla walked away swinging her hips, hoping that he was looking at her.

Before entering the room, Zayla turned around and looked towards the bar. She was happy to see that Brent took notice; he was looking straight at her.

Zayla could feel the heat between her legs rise when thoughts of him reaching up her dress surfaced.

She was so lost in thought that she didn't realize a man was sitting across from her jacking off while looking at her. When she spotted him, she shot him a dirty look.

Bored with the wax scene, Zayla headed for the swinger's room. She took a seat next to a nice looking, older man and wondered what he would do if she suddenly straddled him.

She chuckled at the thought and sat back, enjoying the view of a young, sexy couple seducing the room as they pulled another twosome into their sexual escapade.

While Zayla sat there, she felt the need to play with herself, but she didn't want to give the man next to her any indication that she was inviting him to join her. So she composed herself and decided to get another drink.

***

Approaching the bar, Zayla noticed that Brent was gone. 

"What would you like?" the new bartender asked her. He was a good looking man with salt and pepper hair, sexy full lips, and a chiseled face.

"A sex on the beach. Did Brent leave?" Zayla asked, hoping that wasn't the case.

"No, I didn't leave." The voice startled her but sent a tingle down her spine when she heard the familiar voice whisper in her ear. "I got this," Brent told the bartender, pointing at her drink. "Thank you," Zayla said.

"Are you feeling OK?" Brent asked, noticing her flushed expression. 

"Yes." she replied taking in his scent-a light, fresh soapy aroma as if he had just showered.

"Come, let me show you my favorite spot," Brent said, taking her hand. 

All of these sexy thoughts flooded Zayla's mind while they walked through the crowd. She wondered if he had any kinks, like being tied up. Or spanked.

Finally they reached a private entrance that led to a small balcony; she welcomed the cool breeze as it hit her face when he opened the door.

Zayla walked up to the edge of the balcony and looked out into the city, enjoying the much needed fresh air. 

Brent filled the space between them. He leaned in and moved her hair to one side. "I saw you go into the swinger's room, is that what you like? he asked while kissing her neck.

At that moment Zayla considered what he might be into, and the thought of him licking another woman's pussy while she watched instantly turned her on.

"Yes," Zayla responded in a low tone, she could feel his erection against her ass. Reaching back to grab his dick through his pants, she was pleased to find that he was well endowed. "Fuck," she whispered, squeezing his cock.

Zayla gasped when she felt Brent's hand go up her dress and trace the outer part of her panties with his fingers. Her clit jumped, anticipating his hand reaching inside them.

She turned around, leaned in close and kissed him. Their tongues met with an ache to taste each other. 

Brent separated her legs with his hand and slipped his fingers inside her panties, feeling for her clit with his thumb. 

He circled it gently, igniting a fire between her legs that only his tongue could put out. His other hand slid inside the top of her dress and rolled her hard nipple in-between his fingers.

Brent couldn't take it anymore, within seconds he was on his knees between her legs. He licked her wet panties before tearing them off, moaning when her pussy saturated his tongue with her sweet juices.

Zayla rocked her hips forward grabbing a handful of his hair while rubbing her furred cunt all over his mouth. "Please, fuck me," she pleaded.

Brent stood up, quickly unzipped his pants, and hiked her up against the wall.

She wrapped her legs around him, enjoying the feel of his cock entering her. He began with slow, gentle strokes that grew quicker and more powerful with every thrust. He could feel the walls of her pussy tighten around his dick. "I'm coming," he growled thrusting harder and faster until he exploded. 

Zayla moaned when she felt his orgasm trickle down her inner thigh. 

***

Recuperating from their escapade, Brent and Zayla chuckled when they noticed a couple had been watching them all along.

"I would like to see you again," he said, kissing her.

Zayla smiled at the couple. "I'd like that, and maybe they can join us the next time."