 "Man it's hot, I can't wait until I get to the house" I say to myself while driving home from work. It's been a long day and I have been looking forward to cuddling up with you. 

I back up into my parking spot, turn off my podcast that I was listening to, open the garage door and turn off the xterra. With you on my mind I grab my belongings and quietly walk inside. My goal as always is to make sure you don't wake up from my clumsiness. 

I take my shoes off at the kitchen table so I'm only walking around in my socks. I have done a pretty good job today coming in since Zoe hasn't said hi yet. I tip toe into the bedroom and gaze at what I was wanting to find you. 

I find you asleep in only a t-shirt laying mostly on your left side with your right leg bent on the pillow between your legs. 

Zoe looks up to see me and gives the smallest tail wag. 

This sight is one of my favorite. Your beautiful curvy body with mocha skin is all so inviting. Your booty is on display as if it should be in the front window of a store. 

My brain goes through all of the scenarios I want to do. The impulse to to take command is going out of control. I must stay calm and contain myself. 

But, do I want to? Do I want to be the good guy or do I want to take what I want. Do I take control and fill this primal urge I have building in me. Do I strip back some of the conservative thinking and feelings? This debate is truly hard to win. 

I stand at the foot of the bed. Looking at what I want. I slowly place my hand on your calf and rub up your thigh feeling your warm soft skin. Your body moves a little with this new sensation. I get to the top of your thigh and lean in to kiss the bottom of booty. My lips making contact with you sends electricity through me. I kiss my way up the right side and down the left. 

You have awakened from these kisses and have placed your hand on top of mine. I continue with a soft nibble of your beautiful flesh. 

Your hand moves from mine and spreads your cheeks apart inviting me in. I create a path of sweet kisses until it is time for my tongue to move in. 

I hear a loud exhale as my warm wet tongue presses your button causing a flinch and a moan but you quickly relax. I proceed to lick you up and down stopping on your button and swirling my tongue around before pressing it in. 

"Please don't stop" I hear from you, each whirl and addition of pressure cause a moan to escape from you. 

I slowly slide a finger half way into your pussy just to tease you. Pulling it out and then sliding back in further each time until my full middle finger is inside you. Your moans have increased as I apply pressure to your g-spot. I find a rhythm between licking your ass and fingering your pussy. 

"Ah, that feels so good" you exhale. 

My fingers are soaked from your arousal. 

I get up to grab the glass dildo and to take off my clothes as I do you flip onto your back and take off your shirt. 

I place the head of the dildo at the top of your slit and rub it down your clit to the opening of your wet pussy. I swirl the dildo around as you start to pull and pinch your nipples. I pop the head of the dildo inside you and take it out as I lean down to start kissing your clit. The head of the dildo is as far as it is going to go in for now. 

You arching your back when I hit all the right buttons. The moans from you are starting to ramp up more. 

"Ah, right there" as both of your hands are pulling and twisting nipples. I sneak a peek at you with your head pushed back and eyes shut tight. 

The swirling of my tongue, pinching of your nipples and the full length of the dildo hitting your g-spot has you're close to orgasm.

You grab the back of my head, "Right there, I'm so close, harder... right there, oh my god, oh my god" and the the next flick of my tongue you start convulsing. Both hands are on the back of my head. You are pulling me closer and closer as your thighs start to squeeze my head as well. 

I continue to pump the dildo in and out of you. Waiting and wanting you to squirt. Your body is still tensing from the orgasm and with one final squeeze and moan you release your fluids all over my face and hand. The dildo never stops thrusting as gush after gush comes out of you. I'm trying to lap up every ounce I can of your sweet sex. 

Your body is spent and you release the grip you have on my head; your legs relax and spread around my body and your arms next to your sides. My tongue still loving each lick it takes. 

I kiss my way up your limp body; taking in all the events that just concluded. I lay next to you and roll over to place your head on my chest. 

"That was amazing, what a way to wake up" you say as you rub my chest and stomach. 

"Seeing you like that just riled me up, I'm glad you enjoyed everything" I reply as I kiss your forehead. 

"What do you want me to do, how do you want me?" As you shift your body so your ass is by my face and your tongue is flicking the head of my cock. 

"Ah, I'm not sure now," I say as the only thing I can think of is your mouth wrapping its self around my member. 

You start to bob your head up and down on me; taking me out of your mouth every so often to look at my glistening cock. The pre-cum starting to ooze from me. My arousal growing each time you take me fully in your mouth. 

Then you move down my body to straddle my waist; facing my feet. I point my rigid cock at your entrances as you ease onto me. Letting out a small moan as taking my full length with one stroke. The mixture of your lubricants make it so easy to slide in. 

"Do you like the view?" You ask. 

"The 'view' is what got us into this" I reply as I grab both of your ass cheeks and spread them apart. I love seeing my dick go in and out of you. You start gaining a rhythm and both of us are moaning in unison. 

"I want you to cum on my boobs; tell me when your close" you breathily say in between thrusts. 

Your ass raising and falling over and over plunging yourself onto me. The feeling of you lifting off until just my head is inside you and then going right back down feels incredible; it's making my toes curl. 

"Ah, you're re so sexy" I say as I'm getting close to the edge. 

Only a few more grinds of our hips together; my cock is as deep as it will go, feeling you constrict around me feels amazing. I can sense the build up of pressure that I'm about to explode. 

"I'm going to cum" 

You get off me and onto your knees on the ground and I stand in front of you. You start stroking me with one hand and squeeze your boobs together with the other. 

"Oh god I'm going to cum"

Two more strokes and my first pulse of cum shoots out and hits you the chin while I continue to cum on your boobs. 

I am gazing at the sexy sight of my wife, my brain being turned to mush and you lean in and place the head of my cock on your pursed lips; kissing and licking the last of the cum still draining out of me. Once the last of the cum has been sucked out of me; you wipe some of the cum off with your fingers and lick me off of you. Enjoying the salty taste of my cum. 

Your big beautiful eyes look up at me and you climb up my body to plant a kiss on my lips. We fall back together onto the bed. Your head lays gently on my chest and a smile on both of our faces.