 Carmella Quinton's life wasn't easy, losing her parents at 16 was a hard blow for her. she was sent to a foster home for 2 yrs, then once set free into life she had little money to complete her education and provide a luxury life for herself. Now at 23, after struggling to be able to rent a one bedroom apartment in a broken down complex, found a job as a waitress at one of the most exquisite and expensive restaurants in Los Angeles. She knew it was her looks that helped her land the job; she was 5 foot 7, long blonde hair with green sapphire eyes, a rare beauty to many. She could have landed a job as an actress or model easily, but many of the agents required her to do unwanted favors and that she didn't want to do. She was no virgin, yet the thought of degrading herself for a job was absurd to her. quickly dressing in her uniform and securing her long hair in a nice braid down her back.

She took one last glimpse at herself, "yes, perfect." she thought as she walked out to face her long evening duties.

Armand Lemieux stood there watching his employees, he always caught his breath when Carmella walked in, she was one of the most intriguing girls he had ever employed, beauty, poise and elegancy filled the air about her. He hired her 3 months ago and she had amazed him, she worked hard, never slouched, never showed her tiredness and not even engaged in any problems with his other employees. She pretty much kept to herself, never confiding in anyone. A rare beauty, a rare gem he thought. Suddenly his thoughts were broken as he noticed Draco Monroe walk in, Draco one of his most prized customers, a very rich business tycoon, a man not to be trifled with, at 39 Draco owned an empire, and he was a very handsome and wealthy man, number 1 bachelor if he remembered right. 

Quickly Armand went to greet Draco at the entrance.

"Mr. Monroe, welcome."

"Good evening Arnaud." replied Draco coolly, "I hope you can squeeze us in, we are 5 people."

"Of course! Mr. Monroe, you know we always have a table reserved for you." 

Draco nodded, his appreciation visible, "shall we then?" he asked.

Carmella caught a glimpse of the man following her boss, he was tall, extremely handsome, and not a young man she guessed, the men trailed behind him, power, and money filled the air about him. She wondered who he was, cause Arnaud rarely tended to customers himself, he must be someone very important to Arnaud. She shook her head slightly looking about for a new table since the table she was attending to had just left. Then she noticed her boss coming towards her.

"Carmella, I would like you to attend to table 25, he is one of my most highly appreciated customers, so anything they need is theirs, and please make sure they get a bottle of Krug, Clos du Mesnil 1995 as a gift." said Arnaud.

"Yes sir." Carmella replied, quickly walking towards the table.

Draco was talking to the man beside him when suddenly a soft voice penetrated his mind," good evening gentlemen, my name is Carmella and I shall be your waitress tonight."

Draco's thoughts were lost as he looked up at the beautiful woman standing before him, "she must be new he thought", he could hear the men saying good evening and as his eyes caught hers as she looked at him he said "good evening Carmella" with a soft tone. Suddenly eye contact was broken as a waiter came to stand beside her, she turned to him and took the bottle of champagne from him.

"A gift from Mr. Lemieux ." she said as she popped open the champagne and began to pour into the glasses.

Suddenly she was beside him pouring into his glass, he looked at the delicate hands, her well manicured nails, he could inhale her scent, Draco shook himself, his senses lighting up as he imagined those hands caressing his chest, 'Dammit man, stop it!" he thought. 

She then started to place the menus before each man, he noticed how the men glared at her openly, some were in a state of shock, and some were actually gaping. 

She stood back and said, "if you need anything else sirs, please don't be hesitant to ask."

As the men shuffled, and discussed the menu, Draco's thought were filled with her, who was she and why was she here? 

"Draco?" "Draco? Are you ready to order man?" one of his friends asked.

"Oh yes, I'm sorry, I'm ready." he said.

He lifted his hand and quickly she appeared by his side.

"Are you gentleman ready to order?" she asked smiling down at them.

"Yes." replied Draco placing the orders.

Dinner passed by quickly, for too quickly for Draco's disappointment, deep inside he didn't want it to end, didn't want to leave, he wanted to stay and watch her, to inhale her, this Carmella had filled his mind, his senses with feelings he hadn't felt since he was a young teen. By the time they were due to leave he knew that he wanted her, and that he would get her for anything Draco wanted he got!

Carmella watched as the men departed, and approached the table to pick up her tip and clean up, as she opened the bill sleeve and she gasped, a two hundred dollar tip was there. She tried to hide her happiness, this would take care of many of her payments this month, she lifted her eyes and saw him still there talking to Arnaud, yet his eyes upon her, she lowered her head to hide her blush and quickly set back to her task.

"I shall be having a dinner party on Sunday Arnaud, and I would like you to send me Carmella, I'm sure you have no objection to that? As you know it's not the first time I have requested a waitress from you." Draco said.

"It will not be a problem Mr. Monroe, I shall have her there by 6, would you like her to wear anything in particular?" he asked.

"A white blouse, and black knee high skirt, for we both know, she doesn't need anything to hide her beauty or to enhance it."

Arnaud chuckled, "I knew you would like her, don't worry she will be there Sunday at 6."

"Thank you and thank you for the champagne." he said as they shook hands.

Carmella night proceeded as normal, customers and more customers, then at the end of the night Arnaud had called her into his office and informed her of Sunday's request. He had assured her it was not the first time he had sent waitresses up to Draco's house and that it was always good for the girls, they made extra cash and always returned, unharmed and untouched. Carmella had accepted the opportunity for cash she needed, desperately. 

The week passed by quickly and Carmella found herself eager to see Draco again, apart from the money, he had intrigued her, she found him very handsome and extremely mysterious, those eyes "oh god! She couldn't forget those eyes, grey smoky and filled with untold emotions."

As Sunday arrived she found herself pacing the restaurant , dressed in a white silk blouse, a but transparent showing off a little peak of her white lacy bra, it was the only decent white shirt she owned, her black knee high skirt fitted perfectly around her, her high heels giving her an extra few inches of height, her black new stockings warming her perfectly shaped legs , she avoided wearing a garter belt knowing it would show beneath the snug fitted shirt, her long hair tied in an long braid down her back and her makeup simple.

The taxi car arrived and the doorman came in to call her, she shivered, "its time." she thought.

The doorman gave the address to the cab and she was sent off, laying her head back in the cab her thoughts filling with vivid images of his hands, those strong hands, his black jet hair, what it would be like to run her fingers through it, to feel it, but she knew they were all images, Mr. Lemieux would never look twice at her, she was beautiful yes, but men of his status did not follow around waitresses for any other reason but to bed and throw them away. 

A wave of sadness swept around her, "would she ever find her match? A man who cared for her and not for her looks?"

Suddenly the cab came to a halt, in front of a huge mansion in Beverly Hills, "this is it miss." 

Paying him off, Carmella stepped out and went to face her day.

The doorman greeted her, and led her to the kitchen; it was swamped with people preparing dinner. Maids and cooks bustling all around her, She stood there mesmerized.

"Miss Quinton?" a voice behind her startled her.

"Yes," she said as she turned around to face an elderly man, in his 60's perhaps.

"I'm Jonas, the butler, Mr. Monroe told me of your coming, please follow me and I shall instruct you as to what your duties shall be."

"Hello Jonas, please call me Carmella, please forgive me if I seem a little agitated it's my first time on a job like this."

'Don't worry little miss, I'm sure you will be fine."

An hour passed as Jonas instructed her on what she would be doing, basically her main job was to tend to them as they were seated for dinner, and during the gathering, she would have to pass around asking if anyone required a refill of anything. 

"It's going to be easy." she thought to herself.

She was busy checking the bar when Jonas appeared there telling her to follow him cause Mr. Monroe wanted to speak to her in his library before the guests started to arrive. Quickly she followed him as he led her to the library.

She walked in to find him standing before the fireplace, some papers in his hand, he turned upon her entry and just stared.

"Good evening, sir." 

Draco felt his heart slam hard in his chest, "good evening Carmella, I hope that Jonas has instructed you on everything."

"Yes sir, Ty and sir I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for having me tonight."

"There is no need to thank me Carmella, I found you very satisfactory the other evening, You had my guests shocked and speechless all night, and a little of that happened to me." he added with a smile.

Carmella's heart was beating so fast now she couldn't think, "was he flirting with her?" she blushed lightly.

"I'm sorry sir, I don't know how having your guests speechless was helpful." 

"That was helpful cause I didn't have to listen to some things I didn't want to, like work." he answered .

"And as for satisfactory." he said as he approached her slowly, his grey eyes looking deep into hers, "we shall see tonight."

Speechless she stood before him, lowering her head she simply answered, "I'm sure I shan't disappoint you."

"I'm sure you won't." he whispered closely to her ear. "Now you can return to Jonas if you wish Carmella."

As fast as she could she turned and walked out of the library her heart beating so fast she couldn't even hear the noise around her, she was ashamed, she wanted him, she desired him, just from a whisper he had turned her into jelly. She had lowered her head because she was scared he would see that want and mock her.

As the evening moved on, guests filtered in, the room filled, there were about 20 people, mostly couples, beautiful women filled the room, the scent of expensive perfumes and cigars lingered in the air. Carmella noticed many men staring at her, sizing her up, yet her eyes always drifted back to Mr. Monroe. Every time she sought him out he was with a different person, acting as the perfect host.

Dinner progressed perfectly, by the time all was over Carmella was tired but not as tired as she usually got at the restaurant. Guests began to leave and soon the house was empty and what was left was maids cleaning up and waiters leaving.

"Carmella, Mr. Monroe would like to see you in his library, I'm sure you know the way, and please he would like a glass of water too." said Jonas.

Carmella simply nodded, fetched the glass of water, set it on a tray and walked to the library. She knocked gently.

"Come in."

She stepped in.

"Ahh Carmella, please shut the door behind you."

"Your water sir." she said, her voice a little shaky.

"It's for you, my dear, I'm sure you are exhausted by now, please come have a seat and relax for a few minutes while I write your check." 

Slowly she walked into the library and sat down on the couch before the fireplace.

Draco watched her, he knew she was nervous, it showed, she was fidgeting, her fingers were clamed around each other and she kept her eyes focused on the fire. He wanted her, yet he didn't want her unwillingly, he didn't want to rush her.

Quickly he wrote down the check in her name setting a figure he knew she would be shocked at, and rising from his chair, he walked towards her.

"I hope this is enough?" he asked as he passed her the check.

"Oh My God!" Carmella said out unconsciously, her hand quickly slamming over those lovely red lips.

"I'm sorry sir but this is too much, I can't accept 5000$!" 

"Carmella, please call me Draco." 

"Sir, urm Draco, I cannot accept this." 

She stood up quickly and realized her mistake as she came face to face with Draco, their body barely inches away, the shock of it made her away and suddenly she lost balance, then his hands, his hands were around her waist holding her, saving her from her fall back, yet he pulled her against him, their bodies came in contact, and his eyes looked into hers once again.

Silence stretched between them, then she felt it, his lips, they touched hers, "Oh dear, she wanted this" she felt them kissing her lips apart and as she started to object he took the opportunity to slip his tongue into her mouth and caress hers, her objections were silenced as she began to respond to his delicious assault on her lips.

A moan broke out and she realized it was hers, Draco broke the kiss and leaned his forehead against hers, his breath ragged, his heart pounding against her chest. 

"Carmella." he whispered against her lips.

She noticed her hands had crept up around his neck, her body was molded to his, his erection was evident beneath his trousers throbbing against her tummy.

"Carmella." he said as he released her hands from his neck and pushed her backwards a little so he could look into her eyes. 

"I don't know what you have done to me, but I can't deny it, I want you so much, I have wanted you from the minute I saw you in the restaurant."

Carmella couldn't think, her eyes focused on those lips, those tantalizing lips, the feelings of desire she had hidden well for years raged inside her, she wanted this man, wanted him badly, needed him even if it was for just one night. Without thinking, she wrapped her arms about his neck once more and brought her lips to his. This time his kiss was more demanding, he held her closer against him, crushing her to him, then he broke the kiss once more and took her before the fireplace, kissing her again his hands seeking to remove her shirt unbuttoning it. 

Draco's eyes feasted upon the beautiful set of breasts before him, did this woman have any faults? He thought. His lips then trailed down her neck, over her peaked nipples, the caught them through the fabric and heard her cry of pleasure, his hands searching for the zipper on her skirt quickly unzipping it and pushing it down her lovely legs. 

He stood back to feast upon the beauty before him, she stood there, the light of the fireplace flickering upon her skin, her eyes glittering with something he couldn't understand. All he knew is that she wanted him, for what reason was yet to be seen.

"Draco." she whispered.

This time she came to him, her hands working at taking his clothes off, his dinner jacket, tie, shirt, and as her hand came to his belt he stopped her. She looked at him questioningly. 

"Not yet love." he said.

He slipped the shirt from her shoulders and his hands reached to her back, unclasping her bra, he removed it and tossed it aside. 

"Lay down."

She slipped to the floor, laying down on the rug he knelt beside her on the floor, leaning down he kissed her lips once more, his hands stroking her aching nipples, he could feel her heartbeat drumming beneath his hands, then he shifted kneeling between her feet, he kissed down her stocking covered thighs, removing her heels and stockings ever so slowly.

Carmella was going mad with lust, he was driving her insane, his lips and hands touching her, caressing her in ways she never knew existed, then she felt his hand touch her covered pussy and a tremor of pleasure shot through her, she arched up, her whole body wanting , needing.

Draco wanted to go slow, wanted her to feel every touch, slowly he reached to pull down her panties and it revealed to him a smooth bald pussy, he kissed down her tummy till his lips reached their destination, with his fingers he parted her folds to suck gently at the engorged clit, he felt her hands in his hair, her body trembling beneath him, her cries of delight and moans of pleasure as he kissed, sucked and nibbled her till she came.

He sat back and watched her come down from the cloud he had just sent her to, her whole body quivering, her breath panting, she looked amazing, she looked his. 

"His?" he thought, "maybe".

He reached down and undid his belt, taking off his trousers and boxers, throwing them aside, yet he left his belt with him, leaning over Carmella, he asked, "do u trust me?"

"Yes." 

"Give me your hands Carmella."

She gave him her hands and gently he wrapped the belt around them then lifting her head he tied the securely behind her head strapping the belt around her neck, if she tugged too hard it would choke her. Quickly he stood up and got 2 cushions, setting them behind her head so she would be more comfortable. 

"Trust me." he said.

His lips resumed their attack on her lips, down to her body once more, he worshiped her till she was begging for release, yet he would not allow it, the more she tugged and shivered the more he teased her.

Then he lifted her to her knees and released her hands only to bind them behind her back, kneeling before him she knew what he wanted, her lips sought out their target as they wrapped around his cock, his hands worked her braid, freeing her hair, shaking it lose around her shoulders and down her back, he grabbed a fistful of it and tugged at it gently as her lips tasted him, teasing him.

Gently he pushed deeper into her mouth, not wanting to gag her, yet wanting more, she was driving him mad, he was groaning and moaning with desire.

He felt his passion build to the max yet wanting to prolong it, he yanked her head back, and knelt before her, kissing her lips once more he crushed her body to his, feeling her nipples against his chest her whole body against his, he sat back on his haunches and lifted her astride him, slowly he pushed into her, teasing her, then he was completely buried inside her, not moving but savoring the moment,.

"Draco!" she begged, "release my hands."

"No!" he answered as he lifted her and began to stroke himself within her slowly, "not yet."

This continued for minutes and minutes, Draco savoring the tightness around him, enjoying her pleading and begging as he slowly penetrated her. 

Then suddenly he released her hands and she was everywhere touching him, her body began rocking faster, harder. Draco's control snapped, he quickly lifted her off him and set her on her knees bending her over, he grabbed her hips and slammed deep into her, animalistic lust filling their senses, he pounded harder into her, and she matched his rhythm slamming back against him, it was as if a tremendous urge to posses each other had taken over them, nothing but wanting more and more.

She whimpered, screamed and begged for more, he grunted, growled and held on harder. Sweating breaking down his brow as he slammed harder within her, his hand reaching down to her clit he yanked her up with his second hand bringing her back up against his chest as he fucked, and teased harder.

Her nails scratched down his arm, as she screamed out, "Draco!" her orgasm sweeping over her, he felt her tighten around him, felt the cool moisture engulf him as she came and he couldn't hold on any longer, suddenly he bit down on her neck, as he slammed into her one last time before he found his release.
