 Bill's sexy dream was getting really wonderful when the damn alarm blared. He threw his right hand at the snooze button, desperately trying to keep dreaming. It was not fair to be jarred out of his dream just as Catherine Zeta-Jones was fondling his cock. Bill lost the battle to stay asleep and opened his eyes slowly. Through the haze of sleepy eyes, he saw a shadowy figure bending over him and the bed. Gentle fingers still fondled his scrotum and cock. He thought he heard whispering; the mental fog lifted a bit more and he recognized his wife's voice.

"Good morning, Darling. Do you really want another snooze, or would you rather put this wonderful erection to work?" 

He tried to decide which would feel better, sleep or sex. Sex won hands down. He kissed Sally. "A quickie would be wonderful, Honey. Are you ready?"

"Oh, yeah. I am so wet and ready. Come here and put your big, hard cock in me." She was no longer whispering.

He was surprised when normally quiet Sally became unusually vocal and repeatedly lifted her hips and forced him into a more rapid rhythm. He tried to make love to his wife with long, slow, tender strokes; but she was having none of it. 

"Pound your big cock in me. Oh, that feels so good. My God you are so deep."

Sally's frenetic rhythm had the springs squeaking. Bill was afraid that all the noise would wake their sons at the other end of the hall. His worries lasted only a moment, as his little head took command and he soon forgot everything but their morning romp.

"Faster, Stud, faster." Sally spurred him on. "Oh, Bill. Don't you dare stop. I'm coming. Please. Please. Please. Oh, God!" Her vagina shuddered in orgasm and his cock responded by filling her with cum. Her thrashing gradually slowed and she settled into the bed under him.

Sally pushed him off. "You better get your cute, hairy butt in the shower or you'll be late for work."

He glanced at the clock and his big head realized that she was right. He headed for the bathroom as she pulled on a pair of lacy lilac bikini panties.

After his shower, Bill returned to the bedroom to dress. 

"Come over here." Sally patted the bed beside her. "Today is the day for our little wager."

Bill was puzzled. He searched his memory for what she could possibly mean. It finally dawned on him. A few weeks ago, Sally had been talking about an article in one of those magazines she reads -- never buys -- in the supermarket checkout line. The article said that men think about sex every seven seconds. Bill told her it was just an urban myth. She responded that it didn't matter if it was seven seconds, seven minutes, or seventy minutes; men still spent a lot of time thinking about sex. One thing led to another, and eventually he bet that he could go twenty-four hours without thinking about sex. Sally said "You're on," but then seemingly dropped the topic.

Now Sally sat on the edge of the bed in nothing but a loosely tied terry robe and those lacy lilac bikinis. Bill was sure that there was no way that she could ever know what he thought about all day. Slam dunk. His only worry was that Sally had always been competitive. She had the best won-lost record of all the associates at the law firm where she worked. In fact, her record was better than most of the partners, including the old fart whose name was on the door. 

"Let me explain how this wager is going to work," Sally said and tightened her robe. "You bet you could go twenty-four hours without thinking of sex and I bet you couldn't. I'm going to give you a break. Instead of twenty-four hours without thinking of sex, all you have to do is go twelve hours without an erection. You can think all you want, as long as you stay soft. The loser does whatever the winner wants for one evening. Today is the day because the boys are going to Grandma's house tonight."

"No erection for twelve hours. Piece of cake."

"Not so fast. You don't think I would just take your word for it, do you? Another one of my supermarket magazines provided the definitive test. It is something used to test for physically caused impotence." She licked the last stamp on a partial roll of first class stamps, wrapped the strip around the base of his penis, and glued the loop tight. A quick kiss left a fresh lipstick print on them. "There we go. If Willie gets excited, the perforations will tear and I will have proof. And, I don't want any lame excuses like you were too horny or your jockeys tore them. So I made sure you got your rocks off this morning and I got these for you to wear." She pulled a pair of white silk boxer shorts out of her robe pocket and tossed them on the bed. "Better get a move on. You're already five minutes behind schedule." 

Bill's confidence was sky high. This was still going to be easy. He never got a hard-on at work. Well, almost never. He dressed quickly, gave Sally a quick peck on the cheek, and headed for the garage. The gentle bite of the edge of the stamps combined with the sensation of Willie swinging and rubbing against the silk made him unusually aware of his penis. Glad to be in the refuge of the car and away from the stimulation of walking, he barely noticed the unusual smell.

As he turned from the driveway onto the street, he flipped on the vent fan. Obsession! He should have recognized the scent sooner. Sally's competitiveness must have overwhelmed fair play. She knew full well that Bill thought Obsession was the sexiest perfume on the planet. Their inside joke was that Tommy, the youngest, was conceived in an Obsession fog. Nice try Sally, but not nearly enough. He ran all the windows down and pulled over to the curb. It only took a couple minutes to find the perfume soaked cotton ball in one of the passenger-side vents. He tossed it out the window and continued to work – with all the windows down.

Once ensconced at his desk, Bill's thoughts wandered to the payoff for the wager. It was a big opportunity to win something that Sally normally would not do, especially since the bet was her idea. He wanted a cum-swallowing blow job. It wasn't that Sally wouldn't go down on him; she frequently did. Her technique was magnificent; he got so excited, so carried away that it nearly produced an out of body experience. She did magical things with her tongue while sliding her mouth up and down Willie. But she always stopped too soon; she never let him come in her mouth. Sally refused to explain her reasons any further, but insisted that fellatio was only foreplay. Yes, the prize was obvious: a cum swallowing blowjob.

The stamps did him a favor. They were uncomfortable to the point that Bill did not doze off in the typically boring weekly staff meeting. The boss commented after the meeting that he appreciated Bill's interest in his new initiatives. Yeah, right. His new initiatives were just the old ones recycled with new names. 

Bill checked his personal email on his iPhone when he got back to his desk. He liked having access to his own email account without going through the company server. There was only one message, a note from Sally that said "Hope you're having a quiet day. Thought you might enjoy this. Love, S." It had an attachment named dilbert.gif. When Bill opened it he almost dropped the iPhone. Instead of a cute cartoon about office politics, it was a full color shot of Sally's ass and pussy. She was on her hands and knees on their bed with her face hidden and just a bit of the edge of the dresser showing at the bottom of the shot. Face hidden or not, there was no way he could be mistaken about her identity after all the times he had seen her in that exact position. She apparently had put the digital camera on the dresser and used the camera's timer to take a self portrait. She knew exactly what would make Willie twitch. It almost worked. Willie tired to stretch his bonds, but Bill switched off the iPhone and grabbed the tech manual on the company's latest software offering. One paragraph and Willie was back in Noodlesville.

Other than one tense moment when the new intern's skirt rode up as she squatted to change the toner in the copy machine, the rest of the morning passed without incident. Bill decided to get away for some quiet time at lunch. He headed his Camry toward a favorite barbecue place. With no desire to hear the noon news, he hit the CD button for some favorite music. 

Instead of a soothing Mozart sonata, the speakers blared. "Oh, yeah. I am so wet and ready. 

"Come here and put your big, hard cock in me.

"Pound your big cock in me. Oh, that feels so good. My God you are so deep. 

"Faster, Stud, faster. Oh, Bill. Don't you dare stop. 

"I'm coming. Please. Please. Please. Oh, God!" 

Damn you, Sally. Willie went on point like a dog flushing a covey of quail. Bill ejected the disc as quickly as he could, but not before he had popped a couple perforations on the stamps. Looking at the disk hanging out of the CD player he saw that it had a heart and "How's your day going? Love, S. XOXOXOX," written in red Sharpie. 

Pissed, he grabbed his iPhone and speed dialed Sally. Just as it started ringing, he remembered that she would be in client meetings all day and hung up. Damn you again, Sally. You're not playing fair. But this is going to make the blowjob so much sweeter. When did Sally learn how to use the CD burning software? How did she plant the CD? She has keys to both cars, but she's in client meetings all day. Nothing was beyond her when she wanted to win.

A pulled-pork barbecue sandwich and a Guinness followed by listening to real Mozart did a lot to soothe his ragged nerves. A blinking message light on his desk phone welcomed him back to the office.

A lengthy journey through passwords and menus finally yielded Sally's voice. "Hi, Sweetheart. I saw you on my missed call list, and now it looks like we're playing phone tag. I do hope you're day is not too hard. Are you thinking about the prize? Careful what you wish for. You might get so excited that you lose. What will it be? Maybe cum swallowing oral sex? Has your male been canceled yet? By the way, don't think about buying new stamps. I signed yours on the back. Love you."

What a day. Bill made his way back to the car extremely thankful that the rest of the afternoon had been uneventful, both personally and professionally. The car had a little muskiness left over from the Obsession. Funny, he hadn't noticed it at lunch. He ejected the CD before starting the engine – still Mozart. Better safe than sorry. The rush hour traffic was frustratingly slow, as usual, but tonight Bill wanted to get home before Sally to have a drink and chill and check on those damn stamps. The traffic chopper reported a sun delay around mile marker 127; no big deal, it happened every sunny day. Sure enough, the traffic slowed and the sun angled right in Bill's eyes just at 127. Lost in his normal routine, he pulled the visor down and a pair of lacy lilac bikini panties bounced off his face and into his lap. Bill realized that the muskiness in the car wasn't leftover Obsession after all. It was panties soaked with cum and pussy juices and left to bake all afternoon in the hot car. He fought to quell the expansion of his dick, but another perforation bit the dust. He shoved the panties in his briefcase and finished the drive home wondering if he would get there without tripping any more of Sally's landmines.

"Hello, Darling." Sally's voice came from upstairs as Bill closed the front door.

Damn, there went the drink and recharge time. "Hi, Honey. I thought you had to work late." 

"I took a vacation day so I could give you my full attention. Come on upstairs," she said.

Like a man headed to the gallows, Bill climbed the stairs to the bedroom. Sally was leaning casually against the four-poster footboard dressed in a pale yellow silk nightgown. Although the opaque gown hid Sally's body from direct view, it clung nicely and revealed all of her delightful textures. The smoothness of her breasts, the almost imperceptible color change and the slight bumpiness of areolae, the stiff erections of her nipples. Even the ridges of her kneecaps broke the smoothness of the silk. Bill's eyes, however, quickly zeroed-in a bit higher. Every one of Sally's pubic hairs created a raised squiggle in the silk. Her body was totally obscured but every part demanded attention. He found the gown so much sexier than nudity. It did him in. After the valiant struggle all day, Willie went to full attention and Bill felt the final perforations on the stamps burst.

"I can tell you're really glad to see me. Drop those trousers and let's see how the bet is going."

He loosened his belt and slid his pants and the silk boxers to his knees. The stamps fluttered to the floor like an autumn leaf. "I guess I lose, but you cheated."

"I didn't cheat. I just gave you a few sexy thoughts. But the bet never was about your thoughts, just about your pecker. Time to claim my prize. At first I thought it would be fun to make you clean the bathroom. Then I realized that it wouldn't be in the spirit of the bet. After all, it should be about making me feel good more than about making you feel bad. So, we are going to begin my feel good evening with you taking me to dinner at the Melting Pot. You never took me there because you said it was too girlie. Now put your pants back on and let's start my special evening."

Dinner at the Melting Pot was not at all what Bill expected. Sure, the appetizer was bread dipped in melted cheese, but the main course.... Raw meat and raw seafood skewered on a fork and plunged into boiling liquid. This was as manly as grilling and almost as much fun as cooking live lobsters. The place had a respectable wine list too. Dessert was really nice. Bill loved chocolate, and dessert was fruit and cake dipped into melted chocolate. He had such a good time he almost forgot that he was doing it for Sally.

As they left the restaurant, Sally said. "Take me home and show me how much you love me."

Exactly what Bill had in mind as he piloted the Camry home.

