 My body, anxiously awaiting this moment all day, is already warming itself in anticipation of what's to come. But you like to tease, and that's what you are doing now, taking your sweet time in getting here. All I could think about is your cock exploring the inner reaches of your body. 

Of course, what I'm wearing doesn't help. A light silk blouse that almost feels like nothing on my shoulders. Matched with a short miniskirt which highlights thigh and leg. And of course, a *very* damp black lace panty finishes the description. In anticipation, I sneak a finger under my skirt, slide under my panties, and feel a river leaking from my already excited cunt. I accidentally touch my clit, and shudder in excitement. When the hell are you going to begin? 

I look up, and see you grinning from ear to ear. Oh shit, you caught me again! I'm about to stop when you say, "Oh, don't let *me* stop you. You first." 

Of course, my mind wants him, but your body says "screw him, he can wait, "So you continue. You help by sliding those damp panties down my legs while watching my finger slip into my cunt. The thought of your eyes staring as you insert first one, then two fingers deep into my pussy sends skyrockets to my brain. 

It doesn't take long. Very soon, I feel that sudden tightening of my pussy, and the intense sensation of my orgasm shoots from my clit, radiating throughout my body. I open my eyes, and see you, still grinning from ear to ear, but wearing only the smile and a very hard cock. 

I reach out to stroke your cock, but you hold me back. You proceed to remove the last pieces of clothing I am wearing. My breasts tingle as you remove my bra. Finally, we are both naked, and you walk me to the bedroom. 

I lie down, and you begin to give me a tongue and mouth bath. I KNOW this is going to be a very satisfying evening for me. You start kissing and licking my neck, slowly working your way down my shoulders. Meanwhile your hands are caressing my breasts, teasing the already hardened nipples between your fingers. I can feel the hotness reigniting in my pussy, even though I had just finished satisfying my hot flames.

I jerk my hips a bit to let you know that I want your mouth there too. You just look up at me and smile. I lay my head back and close my eyes. I feel your hot lips move all over my body, in-between my thighs and down to my feet. You slowly run your fingers along the inside of my thighs and I let out small gasps of air. I am completely in your hands and you are free to do whatever you want to me. 

I can feel your fingers get closer and closer to my wet pussy, but you never touch it. This makes me get even more wet. The anticipation is killing me. I haven't been fucked by you in almost 2 months and you re teasing the hell out of me. The thought of this makes my pussy ache even more and I start begging for you to touch my pussy. I make a move and try and touch myself but you bat my hand away and tell me to wait. I feel like I am about to cum with all the waiting. My body begins to tighten up and right when I think I am about to cum I feel your hot breath on my twat. My body loosens up again and I can feel your tongue exploring the inner folds of my pussy. You flick my clit with your tongue and I let out cries of pleasure. I want more. I reach behind your head and pull it in closer. You cant take it anymore. You get up and find some cloth and tie my hands above my head. "No more forcing it, just let me do my thing," you say. You open my legs wider as you bury your face in my hot wet cunt. My eyes are still closed so everything you do to me is exciting. 

I want your cock in my pussy so badly. I have never been so wet before with the waiting and the tying up. All I want is for you to give in and fuck me. But somehow you have mastered the waiting technique and found that teasing really turns me on. You sit up and place one hand on my lower abdomen and the other hand is working on my clit. Suddenly you take your finger and push them into my hot spongy inner walls of my cunt. I let out a scream. You push another finger in and another, until you have all of your fingers deep inside my body. You push down on my stomach with your other hand while you fist fuck me with the other. I try so hard to hold off on the orgasm but you are just too good. Within minutes I shoot my hot cum all over your hands and the bed. I beg you to fuck me. I try all sorts of words and phrases but you still wont give in. My pussy is hurting it wants your cock in it so bad. 

You keep me tied and sit on my chest and put your hard cock in my mouth. My mouth is wet and ready to suck you off. I take you all into my mouth and I can feel the head of your cock in the back of my throat. I sit up a bit so I can get on it deeper. Once your cock is nice and wet, you put your balls in my mouth. Well, that does it for you, you want to fuck me too know. You get off my chest and position your cock at my cunt. You slowly sink in all into my wet hole and my body quivers. You lean down and kiss me hard as you ram your cock deeper into my pussy. I can feel my twat get hotter and you start to pound on it, just going to town on it. You lick your thumb and press it hard on my clit before you move it back and forth really fast. You take your other hand and fondle my nipple ring with it. The intense pleasure brings me to another orgasm.

You pull out and untie me. You flip me over on my back and I get on all fours and you fuck me from behind... You grab my hair and pull my head back and fuck me harder and harder. With your other hand you lick a finger and start rubbing on my ass hole. I tell you to put it in my ass. I tell you that I want to be fucked like a naughty girl, I want to be dirty. You get so excited. You lean over and grab some lube and start working your fingers into my ass with the lube to make sure that you can get your whole cock into my tight hot ass. You pull out of my snatch and work your self into my ass. I let out screams and moans of pleasure as you start fucking my ass. I reach down and start fondling my clit. You grab my hips and pull them in and out on your cock. I love when you man handle me this way. You just use my body to get off to. You reach down and grab my tits as you start to fuck me harder. I stick my fingers in my cunt and finger myself while you fuck my ass. All the friction down there causes me to orgasm again. I can tell that you are about to.

You pull out and flip me over. You reach back and pull my hair down. I open my mouth and you jack off all over my face. I lick your hot cum off my face. You stick your cock back into my wet pussy and fuck me a bit longer before we both pass out on my bed.