 The first time I saw her I was behind her in line at the coffee shop. She was so small: five feet tall or less and skinny, except for a cute full bum packed into tight pants.

When she got her coffee, she turned and saw me for the first time. She gasped and looked from my chest up to my face. She had the bluest eyes.

I shrugged my eyebrows apologetically. At six foot six and built like a tank, I was used such reactions. I knew I looked intimidating.

The next time I saw her was at the pub. I was with my rugby teammates, Dave and Ian, just like every Wednesday after our practice. We were joking and insulting each other as usual, but my attention was drawn to the girl. She sat a few tables away with friends, and she lit up the room.

Maybe it was because she was so petite, or maybe it was her face which was a mix of cuteness and mature beauty. But really, I think it was because she was so animated. While her friends talked calmly, this girl's hands flew, accompanied by exaggerated expressions and movements of her compact body.

I was walking back from the bathroom when she literally ran into me. She was looking back towards her friends and bounced right off me.

I managed to grab her arm before she fell on her ass. 

"I'm very sorry," I said. "Are you okay?"

Again, she looked me up and down with wide eyes, then nodded hastily and darted past me to the washrooms.

My friends saw the whole thing. 

"You need collision insurance, Jonas," said my friend Ian. "I hear Lloyds of London insures oil tankers. They might insure you too if you apply."

"You're hilarious. She wasn't watching where she was going. Guess I wasn't either, though."

"Her name's Beth." said Dave.

"You know her?"

"She works in my building. She's friends with Amanda. That's the blonde one sitting over there... remember her?"

I vaguely recalled seeing the blonde at a house party.

Dave said, "You two would make a lovely couple." They all laughed.

"Yeah," said Ian, "beauty and the beast. With her the beast."

"You guys aren't nearly as funny as you think," I said and sipped my beer. "And why would SHE be the beast? She's cute."

"I hear she has a really mean temper."

~~~~

I saw Beth at the coffee shop or on the street almost every day after that. She was hard not to notice. She had a lovely face and was so tiny, but with some width to her hips. As far as I could tell, she didn't have any tits at all. I idly wondered what that would look like.

She did seem unwelcoming, though. She always wore a guarded look. That is until she saw me. Each time she noticed me, her eyes widened and it seemed like she was stifling a gasp.

I tried to keep my distance so not to scare her even more.

~~~~

One week my teammates couldn't meet on Wednesday, so we decided to break tradition and go Friday. We had just sat down when Beth and her friends showed up.

Ian invited them to sit with us, so we pushed tables together and made introductions.

"...and Beth, this is Jonas the Wall."

She looked at Ian then at me. Again, she had that wide-eyed look. "Uh, your name is Jonas Wahl?" she asked.

"Ian's trying to be funny," I said. "No... my rugby nickname is 'Brick Wall'. You can probably guess why." I shrugged.

"Oh," said Beth. "Because you're so big."

"Right. And once someone on the other team said that's what it felt like they ran into after playing against me."

Beth sat down opposite me. "Rugby... that's like football, right?"

"They have a lot in common," I said, "but rugby isn't as... dainty. By the way, I don't think I apologized properly for nearly knocking you down that other night."

"It was my fault. I must have had too much to drink to not see someone as huge as you." Then she looked embarrassed, "Sorry."

I chuckled. "Nothing to be sorry for. When you're big, you always have to watch you're going."

"That's funny," she said. "It's the same when you're small. I'm used to getting stepped on. Or bashed around in crowds because people don't see me."

As we talked, Beth didn't seem mean at all. She was funny and informed, and it was fun watching how animated she got. Her hands flailed as a constant stream of emotions washing across her face as she talked: amazement, anger, disgust, happiness. It was almost exhausting to watch, and impossible for me not to emote right along with her. I found myself smiling when she did, lifting my eyebrows when hers did, scowling, shaking my head... everything in synchronicity with her.

At one point, Beth leaned across that table and said in my ear, "Our friends are laughing at us."

I glanced at them. They were all chatting and laughing and seemed to be ignoring Beth and me, but I had caught them looking at us and smirking several times.

"Yeah, sorry about that," I said. "My friends think it's hilarious anytime I'm with a girl smaller than a Sasquatch."

Beth nodded. "My friends do that too. Every time I talk to anyone taller than a garden gnome, I get endless jokes about hamsters dating elephants."

I chuckled. "Well, there's an image. I guess we do look pretty funny together. Of course, it would be ridiculous for people like us to be together."

"Yeah... ridiculous. Totally." She looked away and was silent.

~~~~

As the night progressed, our group got smaller as one by one our friends said their goodbyes. I was enjoying talking with Beth so much I didn't really notice until she and I were the only ones left.

She excused herself to find the bathroom, so I sipped beer and observed the growing crowd. I avoided the place on Fridays just for that reason: too crowded and too many drunken idiots. 

When Beth had been gone a long time, I looked around. She was at the bathroom entrance, buttonholed by some guy blocking her way. Her arms were crossed, and she did not look happy.

I got up to see if she needed rescue. Then the guy said something and smiled at her smugly. Beth reared back and punched him in the face.

By the time I shouldered my way through the crowd, the bouncers were dragging the creep to the door as Beth waved her arms and screamed insults at him.

"Are you okay?"

"No, I'm pissed!" she spat. "Another guy who thinks I'm an easy target because I look like a little kid."

I walked her back to our table through the crowd. "You don't look like a little kid, Beth. What did he say that made you hit him?"

"He said, 'so little girl, want to suck on my lollipop.'"

"You should have kicked him in the nuts for that."

Beth grinned at me. "I was just thinking exactly the same thing."

"That was a powerful punch you threw there."

"It's all in the hips, baby," she said. "All in the hips."

~~~~

We decided it was time to leave. Outside the pub, it was a cool September evening. The usual drunks were milling around waiting to get in.

"Are you okay to drive?" I asked. "Or do you need a taxi?"

"My apartment is only a few blocks away. I usually walk." She looked at me. "Can you walk with me for a bit?"

"Are you sure you're okay with that?"

"Of course. It looks like there is more than the usual number of dickheads out tonight."

"Then I guess I'd better," I said. "Someone has to protect the dickheads from you."

She grinned and we started walking. Beth surprised me by taking my hand.

We had only gone two blocks when a group of guys passed us. The biggest one shoved me with his shoulder as he went by. 

"Watch where you're going, asshole," he said.

I sighed and faced him. It was easy to see the group were all drunk and spoiling for a fight.

I put my hands out, palms open, and said, "Very sorry about bumping into you. It was an accident. Completely my fault."

"It sure was, fuckhead," growled the guy. His buddies behind him laughed and hooted encouragement.

I said, "I'm not looking for trouble. We're just trying to get home to pay the babysitter and let the dog out before he shits on the carpet. Hey, are you going to the pub? You are going to have a great time... it's really rocking. Great crowd. The band should be starting soon. But watch out for the bouncers, okay? They already threw one guy out tonight."

The guy looked at me, a little confused and deflated, so I kept going: "Hey, I really need to take a piss. Any of you know where there's a bathroom around here?" I danced a little like I was holding it in. "I don't want to take a leak in someone's front yard. A buddy of mine got a fine doing that. Fifty dollars for pissing on someone's petunias. Doesn't seem right, does it? I don't get it, anyway. So can you help me out? Know where there's a bathroom?"

The guys looked at each other and mumbled vague suggestions. After a few moments, they turned and kept walking. I grabbed Beth's hand and walked the other way.

After a few moments she said, "Well, that didn't go at all like I expected."

"It's a de-escalation technique. Apologize. Appeal to fun. Then confuse the hell out of them. I could have done it better, but I guess it worked."

"He was half your size. You could have crushed him."

"Sure... and then what? Some guys see a big guy like me as a challenge. Especially when they've had a few drinks. Then when the cops show up and the guy who started the fight is on the ground with a smashed nose, guess who gets blamed? So, I've been studying ways to deal with those situations better."

"That's really cool," she said. "So you don't really have to take a piss?" She smiled.

"Nope."

"And there's no dog to let out and no babysitter?"

I grinned, shaking my head.

Beth smiled. "I'm glad I'm small, though. I always get away with punching them. It's not very sophisticated, but a lot more satisfying."

I laughed and squeezed her hand.

~~~~

When we got to her door, she said, "Come in and warm up."

"Uh..."

"Come on... it's cold out. And it's still early. "

We sat in her living room, and I looked around. "You live here alone?"

"I share it with Amanda. But she's out dancing with the rest of my friends. They always party late on Fridays."

"And you don't?"

"I don't like those places. You saw what happened at the pub. It's like that times ten at the dance clubs. I never understood it... those places are filled with beautiful women all looking to get laid, and every time some creepy asshole immediately starts hitting on me. "

"It's because you're so pretty, Beth."

She snorted. "I'm too skinny and too short."

"You're the most attractive person I've seen in a long time, Beth."

"Oh, horseshit. I know how I look."

"I don't think you do. You're pretty. Your face. Your eyes. Your... bum. And when you talk, you're just so animated, so expressive. I shouldn't say this, but every time I've seen you I've been... captivated."

Beth looked doubtful, but she said, "So you've been looking at my bum, huh?"

"Well, you have a really lovely bum," I admitted. 

She smiled. "Okay... so why shouldn't you say that?"

"Say what?"

"That I'm 'captivating'."

"Oh. Because you don't need another big ugly guy creeping on you."

"But you're NOT ugly."

"C'mon. Every time you've seen me you've gotten all bug-eyed. Like you were seeing a gorilla escaped from the zoo."

Beth looked puzzled and said, "But you're the most... manly man I've ever seen. Every time I've seen you, I've been amazed. You're like... I don't know, the Incredible Hulk mixed with James Bond. You just fill the room... and I don't mean because you're big. It's your... presence. And I keep imagining what you'd look like without a shirt on." 

"That's a strange thing to imagine."

She looked away, embarrassed. "Now I shouldn't have told you THAT. I dunno. I guess I just have a thing for guy's chests."

After a moment I said, "You know what? I actually wondered the same thing about you."

Beth wrinkled her nose. "What I look like without a shirt? Pffftt. There's nothing to see."

"Well, that's just it. I mean, you can't have... nothing. You're female. There has to be something there."

"Trust me... there's nothing much. And why would any guy want to see a flat chested girl?"

I said, "Well, all the women I've dated have been big. Tall... ample. After all, anyone who wants to be with me has to be a certain size... out of self-preservation. And bigger women tend to have big boobs."

"That's what guys like."

"Oh, I don't know. Big floppy boobs have never really done anything for me. But I've never seen anything else."

Beth sat in silence for a moment and then fixed me with an impish grin. "Show me yours and I'll show you mine."

I chuckled. "What are we... twelve?"

"Well, why not?" she said. "We're adults. No one's going to know. Why not satisfy our curiosities, weird as they are?"

I shook my head. "I feel like when the girl next door asked me to play doctor. But it's okay, Beth. I can show you my chest. Is that what you want?"

She nodded eagerly.

I stood and unbuttoned my shirt enough until I could pull it over my head. I threw it onto the couch and struck the standard 'superman' pose: hands on hips, chest out, chin in the air.

Beth sat with her blue eyes wide. Again, I could see emotion after emotion flitting across her face: surprise, wonder, thoughtfulness, and... desire? Not likely.

Without taking her eyes off my chest, Beth stood and walked to me as though dazed. She looked up at me for a moment then tentatively ran her small hands over my chest. Then she felt my shoulders, my biceps, then experimentally poked two fingers into my pectorals. 

"Hey, that tickles! You never said anything about touching."

"Huh?" she said, "Oh, sorry! I just I thought you would be just a little bit fat. But you're completely... solid. You must work out a lot." She ran her hands over me again. 

"Only enough to keep in shape for rugby. You think I want to be any bigger?"

"It's amazing," she said. "Oh, I almost forgot..."

Beth stepped back, yanked off her own top and stood before me, exposed. 

"I said you didn't have to do that," I exclaimed while eyeing her topless form.

"It's only fair. You showed me yours." She smiled and stuck out her chest in the same Superman pose.

As I suspected, she wasn't completely flat. She had smooth shallow mounds and larger than expected areola and nipples as if they were somehow trying to compensate for her lack of breast size.

Then, impulsively, Beth grabbed both of my hands and guided them to her tits.

"I touched you, so it's only fair," she said, holding my hands to her chest. 

Her modest mounds were warm and very firm. Instinctively I started massaging them with my palms, studying them, and enjoying the sensation. My hands looked gigantic on her narrow chest.

As I massaged her, Beth's breathing became deeper and I noticed her getting flushed. Suddenly she pulled away and covered herself with her arms.

"Sorry," I said.

"No, it's fine. It's just... I don't have much, but what's there is really sensitive."

She dropped her hands to her sides, and we stood facing each other in silence. She looked lower, then turned her head to hide a little smile.

"What's so funny?"

She looked back, amused. "Nothing. You look amazing. I just had a thought about... what the rest of you looks like." She blushed. "I know. I'm awful."

I shook my head, "You're something, all right. That would be going just a little too far, though."

"Show me yours and I'll show you mine?" She looked at me playfully.

"Very funny, Beth. But I think it's time we called it a night before things get out of hand."

Beth looked me up and down. She took a deep breath she, quickly unbuttoned her jeans and pushed them and her underwear to her ankles. She stood up, now completely naked, and put her hands behind her back. She looked up at the ceiling, biting her lip.

"Beth! What the hell?"

She shrugged. "It was my turn to go first."

She stood before me completely naked, trying to look brave but I could see she was nervous.

It was my turn to stare. Her hips were wider than I expected. Her flat little tummy led to a sweet little trimmed pussy. I could see little lips peeking between the gap between her legs. Beth looked so fragile and vulnerable as she stood there, yet stood defiant as she let me examine her. She looked absolutely adorable and, at the same time, absolutely sexy.

She said, "I know I'm not much to look at..."

"You're beautiful. Just... beautiful."

Surprise, then delight flitted across her expressive face. Then she looked down at my pants then back to me. She lifted her eyebrows expectantly.

I laughed. "Well, this has to be the strangest evening I've had in while. Okay, whatever. You win."

I undid my own pants and let them drop, then quickly shucked off my shorts and kicked them across the floor.

"There," I said. "Happy?"

Beth acted as if a spotlight was shining into her eyes. She blinked and turned away, then looked back a second later only to turn away again. Finally, she stood just staring at my cock.

"That's... I've never... how the hell... you're huge."

I shrugged. "I'm a big guy. When you're big, everything is big in proportion. Well, except maybe for my ears. I always thought they were a little small."

Beth tore her eyes away from my dick and looked at me blankly. "Your... ears?"

I smiled and shook my head. "That was a joke, Beth. Just trying to lighten the mood. Are you okay? You seem a little out of it."

"What? Uh, I'm okay," she said, staring at my crotch again. "But that's just... obscene. Terrifying. You could never fit in..." She shook her head and blinked, then subconsciously put a hand over her pussy.

The image of me working my way into her little body flashed into my head, along with the realization that she was thinking exactly the same thing. Before I could control my thoughts, my dick sprang to full erection so quickly that it hurt.

Beth gasped and stepped back. "Oh... God," she breathed. She dropped her hand away from her crotch as she stared. 

"Sorry," I said, covering myself with my hand. "You know these things... they have a mind of their own, right?"

Beth moved close and pulled my hand away, her eyes never once leaving my dick. "Well, that settles it," she said.

"What?"

"I guess you really do think I'm attractive."

We stood for a moment looking at each other's bodies. How could she be both completely adorable and also the sexiest women I'd ever seen? Half of me felt an urge to hug her and protect her from the world. The other half of me wanted to grab her and fuck her senseless.

When our eyes met, there was no question of what we both wanted and what we were going to do next. I bent to kiss her at the same moment she stretched up to kiss me. She wrapped her arms around my neck as I picked her up. She was so light, and her skin was so warm against mine. 

She directed me to her bedroom. I said, "This is a bad idea."

"Probably," she said. But her eyes never once left my face.

"I mean it, Beth. I could lose control. I could hurt you."

"You won't hurt me. Not you."

I laid her on her bed. She stretched her arms above her. Her blue eyes looked me over and I could see her breathing with excitement. She looked so small and vulnerable on the huge bed, though I knew she had a core of steel.

"Beth, if we're really going to do this, you'd better be on top. I don't want to crush you."

"No," she breathed. "I want to feel you on top of me. It'll be okay. I'm tougher than I look."

I gently lay beside her. "Are you going to turn off the lights?"

"I want to see you. Don't you want to see me?"

"More than anything, Beth."

I quickly slid down and put my face between her legs. Even there she was tiny: just a sweet little opening with trim little outer lips. I worried again how she could possibly take me.

"Hey! You don't have to... uuhhh."

I took a long, loving lick of her entire slit from bottom to top, and then paused to nuzzle her clit very lightly.
