 It's getting later in the afternoon as you walk down the path towards the barn. The oak trees and rolling hills are bathed in golden sunlight the way they are during just that time of day, and the particles are dancing beautifully in the air, seeming to delight in the shafts of light. "The horses need some time today." That's the excuse you used to get out here, but that's not the real reason you're here. 

"It's okay if he's not there," you mumble to yourself, "I'll spend some time with the horses. There's always time for them." As you walk up the gravel path, you're suddenly feeling aware of everything: The way your tank top grabs you around your waist and sides; how your comfy jeans feel as you step in them, the way they rub your hips just like that; even the sound of the gravel under your feet is erotic somehow. "It's okay," you whisper again, "I don't need him." But you do.

Your tension is piqued now as you reach the side door of the barn. You're having trouble breathing. "Just think about the horses. Everything will be fine." But now you're inside and you don't see me. You pause for a moment. Should you just go back home? You nod and exhale. No, you'll just stay...

...and it's just then my arms grab you and pull you into the corner. Your heart explodes with all those feelings you've kept inside. You know my heart is pounding too, and you haven't even seen me yet. Your body slams into mine as we fall into the corner, my back propping us up against the corner of the wooden barn. Our arms entangling, holding each other finally, finally. I'm finally here. Squeezing tightly together, holding so close.

My mouth finds yours, a hungry, urgent kiss. A kiss months overdue. Sparks flying through our heads as we kiss again and again and again. Our faces so close, our breathing right there. Finally. My mouth opens. I offer you my tongue and we kiss deeply, hungrily, our tongues melding together playfully. Passionately. We kiss like that for a long time, just holding each other, you feeling my tongue, my skin, my arms around you, holding you tight. My hands exploring your back, fingers running gently up and down your spine.

And then it's suddenly not enough. You can feel my body and I feel yours. The warmth, the urgency. I'm pulling your top off now and you finish it for me, then your bra. You don't even bother with the buttons on my shirt, you just rip it off, buttons flying into the dark. We meld our bodies close again, our skin together, your breasts pressed against my chest. Kissing deeply, longingly, skin on skin, touch on touch, jeans pressed together.

You press your hips into me as you kiss me deeply again. You feel my hardness against you and a soft moan escapes into my mouth. You feel me sighing back into yours, my body moving reflexively into yours, grinding into your hips. You feel my hardness pressing into you. My hands finding your behind, caressing softly. Fingers squeezing a little. Moving, always moving. You look into my eyes and see I am gone. I'm lost in passion for you. There is nothing I can do now but love you.

We both know what's coming. Now we're sinking to the ground, laying softly in the hay. You want this now, and so do I. It's been too long. There may be time for slow and gentle someday, but this isn't it. You need me now. I need you. You feel my fingers at the front of your jeans now, fumbling with the buttons. Oh my god, you think, this is really happening, really and truly. I'm pushing your jeans down over your beautiful hips, down your legs, down your calves, until they're just a bundle around your ankles. You step your bare feet out of them (your boots went long ago). Now is the time to act. Now or never. You boldly reach for my jeans, breaking open the fly, peeling it back, tugging them off. You reach into my boxer briefs...and now you're touching me. Touching my hardness. So hard for you. I reach up and slide your panties off while you pull down my underwear. We are naked now. Naked before each other in an open barn in the glorious afternoon.

I am on top of you now, my eyes fixed on yours. My skin totally against yours. Our bodies becoming one. I look for reassurance in your eyes and find it. You want me as much as I want you. It's time now. You spread your legs for me and I settle between your thighs, kissing you deeply again. You reach down and grab me again, causing me to moan loudly, only this time you're guiding me. You can feel it inside you; you're ready for this. I press against you lovingly, and you feel the head against the outside of you. Tongues intertwined, bodies mashed together. Here it comes.

You feel the head move inside you, my hips thrusting forward, my tongue still on your tongue. I moan loudly at the pleasure. You sigh back. Our eyes both glazed over in lust. I thrust again and now you can really it. I'm finally inside you now. You know it's for real. I thrust again, deeper this time, and a little deeper. You hips moving to match my thrusts. One more...and there it is. I'm inside you totally now. I feel your heat, your wetness, you softness. You feel my warmth, my heat, my hardness, all of me. We are one body in this moment.

We move together now. Thrusting up and down, forward and back, our hands exploring each other's bodies as we move. Faster and faster, in and out of you. My cock in you. Our kisses, our eyes, our bodies, our mouths. Breathing harder. Moaning like we don't care who hears us. Crying in pleasure. This won't last long. I warn you with my eyes, we should slow down, make this last. You won't have it. You lock eyes with me and smile. You grind your hips up into me, urging me along, urging it out of me. It's happening now. No stopping it. I look deep into your eyes as the feeling overtakes me, as the rush squeezes my whole body. My eyes look helpless now, helpless for what is about to happen. You hold me tight and smile with your eyes. While I'm looking at you, the orgasm starts. I explode inside you, filling you. My face contorts, my shout gets locked in my throat. All I can do is look at you with helpless eyes as you accept my orgasm. My body racking into yours. Our arms tight, our legs interwoven.

I collapse onto you, drained. We close our eyes, breathing heavy, ragged. Laying together like we'll never be apart. We lay there for hours, just feeling each other. We do it again and again, and as dusk envelopes the barn, the only sounds are breathing, and pleasure, and love.

"I love You."

"I love You, too."