 This is my first submission so tell me what you think please

* * * * *

Its the morning after our first time together. We fell asleep in each others arms, just basking in the glow of the best sex that we ever had. Our bodies laying side by side in the beautiful mold of nakedness. 

I wake up before you do to the best feeling in the world, your soft skin rubbing against my body. It immediately turns me on again, but you are still sound asleep. So I ease myself away from you and down to your legs where I start at your toes and start kissing each of them, when you feel this start to happen you wake up slightly but I tell you to just lay quietly and let me explore you. Then I come up and kiss your lips passionately. I put your hands above your head and tell you to hold them there and not to move. You agree with no hesitation. 

I go back down to your toes, where I kiss and suck on each of them, then I kiss up your ankles while I slowly massage your legs following my kisses. I spread your legs wide and start kissing up your right calf, and massaging it as I ascend. Then past your knee and up your thigh. I kiss and lick all the way up to where your leg meets your pussy and then I tease that little area right at the bend there. You begin to squirm and then you let out a soft moan as I blow softly onto your pussy lips so you can feel that I am close, but I don't touch it. 

I go back down to your left ankle, moving up your calf, past your knee and to your thigh repeating the same kissing and massaging as with the other leg. Then I tease the same spot on the other side. Then I blow on you again. 

This time following the blow, I lick all the way around you from top to bottom, on the top side I like down your now really wet slit getting close to your clit but not quite hitting it. You tense in anticipation, I can feel you squirm and you try to push my tongue down to your pussy so that I can make you cum like I did the night before. 

But instead I kiss and lick up your tummy more to your belly button and I play with your belly button ring with my tongue and then I ease up your chest and suck on each of your nipples till they are hard. Then I come up a little more to your neck and kiss and suck on your neck. Then I kiss you passionately again. Then I tease your mouth with my tongue. 

At this point I am teasing your pussy with the head of my dick, nothing more, just the head. Rubbing your wetness around with the head of my dick and then I start kissing back down your chest, stopping at each nipple again to make sure it stays hard. Then I lick back down to your belly button and then this time when I reach your pussy I spread your pussy lips and I stick my tongue as far inside you as I can and I lick all of your sweet juices. 

You taste so incredible, and you are so wet by now. I Love the taste of you, its so sweet and I want to just stay down there and have you cum on my face. I want to suck it all up and lick you more. So I take your clit under my tongue and start letting my tongue dance with it and I can feel you really squirming now. Every now and again I stick my tongue deep inside your pussy and then go right back to your clit. I can hear you moaning louder and just at that point you cant keep from touching me anymore and you grab my head and run your fingers through my hair and push my face down into your cunt. You are looking right in my eyes as I am sucking on your Lovely mound. I cant get enough, but then you cum and I am in heaven. 

As you are still going on your high from cumming, I pull myself up and kiss you passionately letting you taste everything I tasted and then shoving my whole cock in your pussy, all the way to the base. I then start pushing in and out faster and harder. I want to fill you with my cum now and I want you to cum again with me. I raise up so you and I can both watch all 8 inches dig inside you. Watching me slide in and out of you. We are meeting each others motion and just feeling so incredible. 

As I feel my orgasm building I can see in your eyes that you are close to, so I tell you that I want you to cum with me. So we quicken our pace and I can feel myself about to explode, right before I do I can feel your orgasm start as your pussy grabs a hold of my dick and squeezes all the cum out of me. I can feel myself cum inside you and you just hold me there savoring the affect of our massive orgasm. We are both exhausted and I just collapse on top of you, still inside you and I can feel my dick pulsing in you and your pussy still having spasms and then I kiss you passionately and tell you that I Love you and say good morning. 

Sure beats an alarm clock.