 My company is sending me to Denver to train a new girl in the office. I am an administrative assistant and have been with my company for 14 years and occasionally, when a new girl is hired elsewhere in the country, I am sent to teach her "the ropes". This is only my third trip out of town in the last two years.

I have been married to Ron for 16 years and have been completely faithful to him. He is a loving husband and is very good to me. I know he has had a few affairs, but it doesn't bother me too much since he is so good in all other ways.

Our sex life is pretty good, although after 16 years, it has lost some of the spark that it had in the beginning. Ron sees to it that I have an orgasm most of the time. (Sometimes I have to fake it.) His main problem is that he usually gets through too early. He will usually get me off with his finger or mouth.

I am a little apprehensive about flying since I do it so rarely. I am nervous as I take my seat on the plane. I sit next to the window so that I can see the scenery go by during the flight. A nice looking man takes the isle seat next to me. He looks about 40 with greying temples, very distinguished. He is wearing a business suit and puts his brief case in the rack above our seat.

After takeoff, he begins small talk and I enjoy talking with him. His name is Jim. The time passes fast. We discuss our jobs, families, and hobbies. I notice him looking at my legs and breasts. I also notice that my blouse has gaped open and he can see right down to my bra and the tops of my white breasts. I can feel myself blush and hope he doesn't notice. I discretely shift my position so that my blouse closes. I glance at his lap. There is a slight bulge at his crotch. He asks where I am staying in Denver. "Holiday Inn."

"The one near the airport?"

"Yes."

"So am I. Want to have dinner tonight?"

"I am a happily married woman."

"It's just dinner at the hotel."

"Ok, remember, its just dinner. No more."

"Ok, meet me in the lobby at 7:30."

"Ok"

When I check into the hotel, I go to my room and lay on the bed and relax a few minutes before I have to get ready for dinner. I fall asleep for a few minutes. It is time to get ready. In the shower I pay special attention to my breasts and wash them very carefully and tenderly, thinking back to this afternoon and thinking of Jim looking at them. I am wondering if he would like to be here washing them for me. I massage them and squeeze them. My soapy right hand moves down to my pussy and begins to wash there as I think about Jim and fantasizing about him in the shower with me.

"Settle down, girl, you're a married woman and thoughts like this can get you into trouble", I thought to myself.

I finish my shower and dry off. I step out of the bathroom. There is a full length mirror on the closet door and I stop to look at myself. I don't look too bad for a 36 year old woman. My breasts sag very little and I still have a small waist and my legs don't look bad either. My black hair looks good tonight also. I think I look pretty sexy. I feel good about myself.

As I carefully put on my makeup, looking at myself in the mirror, I began to feel very sexy. I am looking forward to having a good time tonight. It has been 16 years since I have had a "date". I decided to dress sexy. Although there would be no sex tonight, it has been a long time since I tried to turn a man on and I was going to try it tonight.

I put on a skirt and blouse. The skirt is charcoal mid-calf length and the blouse is white silk. I sit on the bed with pantyhose in my hand about to put them on. I pause a second...if I am going to be tonight I think I will not to wear them tonight. As I look at myself in the mirror again, I give myself the final inspection, I can barely see my bra through the thin blouse. A thought struck me! Why not! I take off the blouse and bra and put the blouse back on. Back to the mirror. My nipples showed through just a enough. Ron had tried to get me to go braless several times during our marriage, and I did a few times, but never with a blouse this thin.

The times I did go braless, I felt very uncomfortable. Tonight is different. I am in a strange city and will see no one I know. I leave the top two buttons unfastened. This is not like me at all, but it is exhilarating.

I meet Jim in the lobby at 7:30. As I walk toward him, I can feel my braless breasts bounce underneath my shear blouse with each step I take. My walk has a little extra bounce in it tonight and I feel a little risque. I can tell that he notices. He is wearing a dark suit, white shirt, and red tie. He looks very distinquished.

We have a glass of wine before dinner and another during and another after. I usually don't drink more than two and am feeling a little tipsy. Jim can't keep his eyes off my breasts. It makes me feel very alluring.

"They have a live band in the bar here at the hotel. Would you like to go in for a drink?"

"No, I have to get up early and I have had more drinks than I need already.", I answer.

"Just one drink and a dance or two."

"Ok, just one drink, then I must go to bed."

We leave the dining room and go to the bar and find a table in the back of the room. The band is playing oldies. We order more wine and Jim takes my hand and holds it. I feel like a teenage girl on my first date. I am having fun. It is very romantic. The band begins to play a slow song and Jim asks me to dance.

When we get to the dance floor, Jim takes me in his arms and holds me close to him. My breast presses into his chest. I know he can feel it. I lay my head against his. He can really dance good. In a few minutes, I feel him beginning to get hard and pressing against my thigh. His chest is massaging my breast. I am beginning to get turned on. Suddenly I notice that I have pressed my pubic bone against his thigh. I hadn't even noticed when I did it!

After the dance we return to our table and finish our wine and have one more dance. This time while he holds me close, Jim's hand finds its way all the way around my back, under my arm and presses against the edge of my breast. His other hand begins to work it's way to my ass.

"Jim", I say firmly. He moves the hand away from my ass, but doesn't move the one near my breast. Again he is hard and my pubic bone presses against his thigh. I feel wet between my legs. My head is against his and I am breathing on his ear. He holds me tighter and our bodies seem to blend together.

After the dance, we leave the bar. 

"I will walk you to your room", he offers.

"Just to the door", I caution him. I can tell he is turned on and if I let him into my room, it will become a wrestling match.

My room is on the fourth floor. When we get in the elevator, Jim takes me in his arms and kisses me.

"Jim", I again say it firmly. "I like you and you are a very nice man. I have had a wonderful time tonight, but I will not cheat on my husband."

The elevator reaches the fourth floor and the doors open. We walk hand in hand to my room. We get to the door. I turn to him.

"Thank you for dinner. It was a fun night."

He puts his arms around me and kisses me again. This time I can't resist putting my arms around his neck and returning his kiss. His right hand discovers my braless left breast and very very gently squeezes it through my thin silk blouse. I hear myself gasp. Without thinking, I press my breast into the palm of his hand. My breathing accelerates. No man other than my husband has put his hand on my breast in over 16 years. I know I must stop him, but it feels so good that I want to let it continue for just a few minutes. My panties get wet again. It feels SOOOO GOOOOD the way he caresses my breast. I have not felt this way in a long time. His tongue slides into my mouth. His other begins to rub my butt. I don't notice that he is working my skirt up and soon only my panties are between his hand and my butt! His hand slides from by butt around to the front of my panties to my pubic mound! He presses his finger against my very thin wet panties and begins lightly tracing the outline of my tingling outer lips. Without realizing it, I spread my legs slightly. His finger presses into the crack between my swollen pussy lips. He finds my throbbing clit. My knees are trembling. I begin to pant.

"Oooohhhhh!...Nooo... Please stop...someone will see us."

I move my hand down to remove his hand from between my legs. He takes my wrist and places my hand on his crotch. I feel his hard dick going down his leg under his pants. I automatically encircle it with my fingers and begin moving my hand up and down. 

"Let's go inside your room."

"I would love...to make love to you...but I can't...I have never made love...to anyone but my husband." I can hardly talk, I am so excited. I can't breathe.

He continues fondling my soft breast making circular motions with his hand, moving my responsive breast in circles. His other hand returns to my panties and finds it's way between my lips and begins to rub my awaiting clit. I am loosing control. My hand is still rubbing up and down his hard dick. I am astonished at how big it is. I can hardly reach around it. His hand slips under the leg band of my panties and finds my hot well lubricated opening. He gently pushes a finger inside and slides it in and out. The palm of his hand is brushing against my clit.

"Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!", I moan quietly. It feels incredible. My hips rotate back and forth. I am quivering all over. I am on the edge of orgasm. I think maybe I should take him into my room. 

At that moment a door opens down the hall and brings us back to reality.

He quickly removes his hands and I straighten my clothes. A man comes out the door and walks down the hall in our direction. I know I look flushed.

I quickly turn, unlock my door and step inside.

"Thanks again for a wonderful night, Jim." I close the door before he can answer and before he can enter the room. Safe at last! I dress for bed and turn out the light. As I lay in the bed, I think back over the night.

"You dummy, why didn't you let him in! I'll bet he is a great lover! You will probably never have a chance like this again!" I am really giving myself a rough time.

The phone rings and shakes me out of my thoughts. Who could be calling this time of night? I answer. It is Jim.

"Can I come to your room and talk?"

"Only talk?"

"Yes"

"I don't think so, Jim. I am too weak right now. It will just lead to other things."

"Ok, sorry to bother you."

After he hangs, up I begin thinking to myself again. "You are a super stupid now! That was your last chance! You will never see him again!"

There is a knock on my door. I put on my robe and look though the peep hole. It is Jim. I am glad to see him as I open the door.

"Let's talk."

"Ok, come on in."

We sit on the end of the bed and begin talking about my reasons for not having sex. I have never had sex with anyone other than Ron. If I did have sex, it would have to be someone I knew and cared for. I had only known Jim less than 12 hours. If we have sex tonight, it would not be "making love". It would only be FUCKING. Plain and simple. When I was growing up, nice girls didn't FUCK. They only petted with someone they were "going steady with" and loved.

Jim understands my feelings completely. He says that I may never have another chance to have sex with anyone else. The more he talkes, the more sense he makes. He reminds me that Ron has had affairs and it would be fair for me to experience one also. It would not be cheating.

"But, Jim, it would still just be FUCKING."

"That's right."

He then puts his arm around me and kisses me. I kiss back. His tongue again explores the inside of my mouth. We lay back on the bed. He unties the belt on my robe and pushes the robe aside. His hand slides inside my gown and caresses my soft breast. He squeezes it gently. He moves my breast in circles. We are both starting to breath deeper. He plays with my nipple. He squeezes it, pinches it, and twists it. I haven't felt this much like a woman in years! He pulls my gown down off my shoulders, exposing my milk white breasts. He looks at my bare breasts and I can tell he likes what he sees. My heart begins to race. Breathing is difficult. I am laying on a bed in a hotel room showing my naked breasts to a stranger. He takes a nipple in his mouth and begins to suck. GOD, THAT FEELS GOOD! His tongue runs circles around my hard pink nipple.

"Ooooohhhhhhh!", I moan out loud. I put my hand in the top of his pants and find his hard dick. My fingers encircle it. It is huge. I don't know if I will be able to take it inside me. His hips begin to move.

He stands up at the end of the bed and pulls me to a standing position. I am standing about a foot in front of him, facing him. He raises my arms up toward the ceiling and pulls my gown over my head. He then turns me around and backs me up to him and puts his arms around me. He kisses me on the neck.

He cups a hand around each tit and squeezes. I look into the full length mirror and see this strange man kissing my neck and fondling my breasts. My face is flushed. The only thing I have on is a pair of white bikini panties. WHAT A TURN ON! He squeezes my tits, pulls and twists my pink nipples. I feel my panties getting wet once again. I am tingling all over. He turns me around to face him again. He gets on his knees in front of me and slides my wet panties to the floor. I step out of them. I am now completely naked! He studies my pussy for a few seconds. I spread my legs slightly to give him a better view. I like him examining it.

He rubs my legs very slowly and very lightly from my ankles, up to my calves, over my thighs and then touches pussy lips. I spread my legs a little more. He never takes his eyes off my pulsating pussy. He slides a finger in and slips it in and out. My heart is racing again! He then slides another finger inside, then another. I can't get my breath! His other hand finds my clit and begins massaging.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhh! oooooohhhhhhhhhhh!"

He kisses my hairy triangle. I put my hands on his head. His tongue probes my outer lips then dips between them. I spread my legs more to give him easier access to my most private area. His tongue reaches my clit and tweaks it. My knees get weak and begin to tremble. He sucks my clit into his mouth. I look into the mirror to get a better view of this strange man on his knees sucking my pussy. My whole naked body is jerking and my breasts are heaving with each jerk.

"Oooooooooohhhhhhhhh!", I thrust my pussy into his face. I loose all inhibition. "Stand up", I said.

When he stands up, I unbutton his shirt and slide if off his shoulders. I kneel in front of him and unfasten his belt and unzip his pants and let them fall to the floor. My hand rubs his hard dick through his white briefs. I rub his hairy thighs. I slide my hand under the elastic waste band and slide his briefs to the floor. His hard dick stands straight out pointing at my face. It is magnificent. It must be 10 inches long and very big around. I have not seen many dicks, but this must be the most beautiful dick in the world. I gently take it in my hand and slide my hand up and down the length of his shaft.

I want to take it in my mouth, but I am afraid. I have only sucked one dick in my life. Jim puts his hands on my head and moves my head closer to this monster. I kiss the head lightly. I move my mouth down the outside edge of his shaft and kiss the sides of this magnificent member. Jim uses a little more force with his hands and moves my head back in front of his dick and pushes it against my mouth. I open my mouth and he slowly inches in inside. His taste is different than Ron's. He doesn't taste bad at all. As a matter of fact, he tastes real good. I think my heart will burst out of my chest. Soon the whole head is inside my mouth and I suck and move my head back and forth. My mouth is stretched open as wide as it will go. It feels strange having someone else's dick in my mouth. Jim puts more pressure on my head with his hands and his dick moves to the back of my mouth. I have to fight not to gag. Now it is going in even deeper. I move my head back some to get my breath. I suck hard, hoping he will not want it to go in deeper. Jim is moaning.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhhh! Oooooohhhhhhh!"

He likes it! I take as much as I can into my mouth. I only manage to get about half of it's length inside. I continue to move my head back to the tip and then back as deep as I can go. I suck enthusiastically. One time when I am going as deep as I can, Jim presses my head and the entire length goes down my throat! I can't breath! I move my head back to take a breath then he pushes it back down again. This time it was easier. I didn't know I could take a dick so far down my throat. I feel Jim's knees begin to tremble.

I can tell he is about ready to cum. I am not ready for this to happen so I quit sucking his dick and take one of his hairy balls into my mouth and suck.

I stand up and walk over to the bed and lay down. He lays beside me and we kiss again. I can feel his fingers probing around my pussy lips. I reach down and take his still hard dick in my hand. I pump up and down. I then move my hand to his balls and cup them and squeeze gently. He sucks on my hard pink nipple. We are both now out of control. It is very hot in the room. He moves down between my legs and his tongue finds the opening of my pussy and he sticks it inside and then licks between my inner lips. He sucks my clit into his mouth and I go wild with excitement. 

Jim then gets on all fours with his huge dick pointing straight down. I lay under him and take that magnificent member into my mouth and begin sucking the head once again. I play with his balls and my hand finds it way to his ass hole. I know men like to have their ass hole rubbed because Ron is trying to get me to do it all the time. I usually don't do it with Ron, but I really want to please this new man.

"Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhh!"

He really likes me rubbing his ass hole. In a few minutes, I am on all fours and Jim is under me sucking my tits. First one then the other. I am just there on all fours, with my tits hanging down getting sucked like a cow. It feels incredible! He begins to rub my pussy while he is still sucking and I go crazy!

Jim stops and lays me on my back and gets over me. At last, We are going to do it.

He straddles me on all fours and looks down at me. "What do you want me to do now?", he asks.

"I want you to put it inside me."

"You mean that you want me to fuck you."

"Yes, I want you to fuck me."

"Well, you must ask me nice."

"Please don't tease me. Fuck me. Please, Jim, Please fuck me."

I spread my legs wide to make it easy for him to enter me. He lowers himself on me and I take his hard dick in my hand and guide it to my waiting pussy. It touches my opening and he stops.

"Please, Jim, I really want you to fuck me."

He slowly eases his huge cock into my very hot cunt and pumps up and down. I just can't describe how good it feels to have this strange cock pumping my cunt. My pussy has never been filled this full before.

"Play with your tits."

I take a tit in each hand and massage them. I usually don't get a thrill out of playing with my own tits, but this man watching me play with them while he fucks me really turns me on! 

"Ooooooohhhhhhhh!...Ooooohhhhhhh!...Oooooooooooohhhhh!" I cum almost immediately. I didn't want to cum so fast because I didn't want it to be over. Jim continues to pump my pussy. The excitement returns after only a very few seconds. I begin to be turned on again. Jim pulls his dick out of me.

"Please don't stop. I want to cum again!"

"Suck my dick for a little while."

I don't like to suck dicks after they have been inside me, but Jim is now sitting on my chest with his knees on each side of my head.
