 This week has been a really bad week at work for him, he had so much crazy, stupid, and pointless shit to do, just totally irritating him, every now and then in between pointless obligations, he would get online, and try to find the wonderful lady that he chats with all the time, the one who makes him feel good, feel alive, and feel wanted, the sad thing is he hasn't been able to actually meet her. As he gets online, he realizes that she isn't online.

"Hey baby, it's just me, I just wanted to see if you were here, I really wanted to talk to you" is the message that he sent her. A minute passes, with no response from her. Suddenly just as he was about to log off the messenger, she replied to him.

"Hi baby, I am sorry I had just stepped out of the room for a minute, what's the matter baby is something bothering you?"

"I am just so frustrated, this week has been nothing but hell here at work, and I just don't know what to do, I surely don't want to go home, hell I come here everyday not only to make my money, but to get the hell away from my house."

"Baby, you need a break can you get away for a little bit, just to clear your head?" as she is typing this to him all she thinks about is wanting to surprise him, and meet him somewhere hoping maybe that might cheer him up a bit.

"Yes I think I can, as a matter a fact, I don't think, I know, and I might just do that, but not right now, right now I just want to spend some time with you."

"Well that's fine, I love having you spend time with me, but where are you going to go baby?"

"I am going to go to the trail that I ride my bike on, and walk it this time." She knows where this route is because he has told her. 

"Ok baby, well you be careful out there today, and don't you be flirting with any female hikers now."

"Oh don't worry baby, if I were to flirt with any female hiker, it would have to be you." After about an hour or so of talking with her, they say their good byes and he logs off. 

He had to do something, he had to get out of his office, not wanting to go home, and he didn't want to go to a bar, because that's just not his scene, so he decided that the walk on the trail sounded like the best idea after all. He finished up the obligation that he was presently working on, shut off his computer, grabbed his coat, and walked out of the office. Getting into his car, he drove to the place that he loves to go, especially when he's out on his bike on the weekends. Arriving there, not only is he mentally work frustrated, but after talking to her, and thinking about her on his ride up here, he is sexually frustrated as well. He so badly just wanted to take his hardened tenting cock out of his pants and relieve his tension, but that wasn't in his cards either, there are a lot of hikers around today. Reaching into his back seat, he pulls forward his oversized sweatshirt, slipping it on, he pulls it down to cover his erect manhood, thinking that maybe when he stepped out of the car, the cold air would help to relax his shaft. Opening the door, the instant feel of the cold air only made his cock grow even harder. 

"Oh shit, now what am I supposed to do, I can't take care of it here, and I surely can't do it out there, oh the hell with it." He thinks to himself, pulling his sweatshirt over himself, he closes the car door and heads down the trail. 

About ten minutes into his walk, he comes across a lady, sitting on a log on the side of the trail, from a far he noticed her long burgundy hair, and her slender figure, and when she turned her head in his direction, her beautiful brown eyes, and her wonderful smile, that she smiled at him as he was approaching her. If he didn't know any better he would have sworn it was his Internet lady. 

"No it can't be. She isn't here, she's home." He shakes his head, yet he looks at her again. Walking toward her, he stopped in front of her and just stares at her. Pardon me for staring, but you really remind me of someone."

"Do I?"

"Yes you do, you really do, if I didn't know better I would swear you were my..."

"Your what? If you don't mind my asking."

"My wonderful sexy friend that I chat with all the time."

"Oh really? And just how do I remind you of her?" her eyes begin to take him all in from head to toe, and she notices his still completely hard cock, pressing against the sweatshirt.

"Well you have the same color hair and eyes that she does, and I couldn't help but notice your sweet sexy smile, she too has a smile just like that." She stands moving a little closer to him, almost a little too close for comfort for him, be backs up a bit and at the same time, he tries to make it so that he hides his erection without making it obvious.

"Oh it's alright you didn't have to move." She gets in closer to him, as she slowly places her hand onto his hardened shaft. He gasps somewhat quietly as his cock throbs. 

"Oh you really shouldn't be doing that."

"Does it make you think of her when I touch you like this?"

"Oh god yes it does, It makes me want her and need her even more than I already do."

"Have you ever actually met her?"

"No...but I really wish I could, she means the world to me, she makes me feel like a man, a man who is loved, and wanted, and very alive." She paws at his shaft like a cat pawing its owner when it's happy. Running her free hand up his chest, up the side of his neck, and into the back of his hair, she suddenly pulls him down to her, kissing him softly, he just couldn't help it anymore, the more she did to him, the more it made him want his internet lady. Losing total control of his senses, he takes this woman into his arms, and kisses her deeply, her lips part to accept his probing tongue, their tongues dance wildly like fire running through a dry forest. His hands cascading down every wonderful curve of her body, pulling up on her sweatshirt, his hands slide inside. She jumped slightly but the warmth of her skin warmed his hands instantly. Slowly his hands move around the front of her, cupping and caressing her breasts gently. Then out of the blue he just stopped.

"Oh god what am I doing, I am so sorry, but I can't do this." 

"Oh baby please don't stop, I have wanted you to touch me like this for so long." she takes his hands and tries to place them back onto her breasts. Suddenly he just pulled his hands away again.

"What...what did you just say to me? Why did you call me that, and why did you say that? there's only one person who calls me baby and it's not you." She knew she had to tell him now before he turns and walks away from her.

"Yes baby, it is me that calls you that, I am her baby, I am your Internet lady."

"And how do I know this is true?"

"Well, whom else did you tell today that you have had a really bad week at work, and that you didn't know what to do?" he just stood there looking at her and thinking. "And who was it that asked you if you could get out of your office, and take a break to clear your head? If I infact wasn't her then how would I know this stuff?" He didn't say anything at first, his mouth just sort of dropped, as he slowly slid his fingers into the sides of her hair, his eyes locking onto hers.

"Oh my god..." 

"What's the matter baby?"

"Do you know how beautiful you are?"

"Why don't you tell me, then I will know."

"You my lady are absolutely stunning, my god the moment I laid eyes on you my heart instantly began to race, I have wanted to see you for so long now." 

"Well baby I am right here." 

"Yes, and now that you are, I am not letting you get away from me." Wrapping his arms around her, he Leans down to her, kissing her again, only deeper this time. As their kiss breaks, he wraps his arms tighter around her, picking her up holding her against him. "It's cold out here baby, why don't we go somewhere a little warmer."

"I have the perfect warm place for us to go baby." She reaches into the pocket of her sweatshirt, and pulls out the key to her hotel room. "Would you like to come spend the day inside with me baby?"

"The day with you? Oh hell you will be lucky if I let you go home before Monday."

"Who says I want to go home at all? Maybe here with you is where I want to be." Taking her hand, he walks back to his car with her, but before he let her in, he leans her against the car, kissing her once again, as his hardness presses against her leg.

"Oh baby, don't start his here, I swear I would have no problem with stripping you and taking you right here and now, please baby, lets go back to the room." they get into the car and head back. Once arriving at her hotel, which was only up the road from his biking trail, he opens her door for her, as she steps out of the car, she hands him the key. Once inside, he locks the door and quickly takes her into his arms once again. 

Slowly she begins to untuck his polo shirt, sliding her hands inside, slowly up his back, raising his shirt, reaching back behind his shoulders, he takes hold of it and brings it over his head, tossing it onto the chair in the corner. Lightly she runs her fingertips up over his belly and up over his chest, feeling his body shiver. Lifting her sweatshirt up her back, she raises her arms over her head as he removes it from her, tossing it too into the chair. Embracing her once again, her hand slides between them, coming to rest on his now completely rock hard, throbbing, rigid mass, that's so needing to be released. 

"Baby, if you touch me like that again, you are going to make me cum. I am so close now." She knows just how close he really is as she can feel his cock throbbing. Opening his pants slowly, sliding them down over his hips, and down his legs, as his cock is released standing tall, she works her way down onto her knees in front of him, looking up at him, she takes his hard, thick, rigid shaft into her little hand, wrapping as much of her fingers around it as she could. Softly planting baby kisses on the tip as she runs her tongue around the circumference of the head before she swallows it whole. His head throws back as his hips hunch forward pushing deeper inside her mouth. 

"AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" he lets out in a scream as her lips lock around his shaft, and he begins to pummel himself in and out of her pretty little mouth. Cupping his balls she begins to manipulate and massage them gently yet firmly, as she feels his cock hardening more in her mouth, she sucks harder as he fucks her mouth deeper. And with one last deep thrust, that was all it took, he found himself shooting stream after stream of stress filled pent up cum deep into the back of her throat. She didn't stop there, she just kept sucking, and sucking and licking all around his shaft until she could hear his soft relaxing whines, escalade to deep sexy, sexually aroused sort of moans, as she could feel his cock growing erect again in her mouth. 

"It's your turn now baby, come up here." Looking down at her, he just smiled the softest smile. She stands before him as he picks kisses her again, tasting his own juices that were still on her lips, kissing his way down her chest, flicking his tongue over each nipple, paying great attention to each one as he slides his hands down to her waist. Slowly he unbuttons her jeans, opening them completely as he slides them down over her hips and down her beautiful legs. Placing her hands on his shoulders, she picks up each foot one at a time as he removes her jeans from her completely. Kissing his way back up her legs, he pays close attention to the insides of her thighs, kissing, licking, sucking, and nibbling on the very soft skin. Slowly moving to her now very wet pussy, he very lightly runs his tongue up the length of her pussy lips, making sure not to get anywhere near her clit at this point, as he plants butterfly kisses on her clean shaven mound. She moans softly as her hands hold the back of his head, and her hips hunch forward.

"Baby, I want more, but not with you standing right here, come with Me." he stands; taking her hand he leads her to the bed. Taking her into his arms once again, he lays her onto the bed. Kissing his way back down her body, spreading her legs gently, he settles himself on his knees between her legs, placing them over his shoulders, he leans himself in closer to her, spreading her glistening pussy lips with just his finger tips as he lightly runs the tip of his tongue over her clit. She lets out with a hell of a scream as her back arches off the bed, sucking her clit into his mouth, he gently chews on it, making her body begin to squirm as he slides a finger deep inside her wet love tunnel. When she least expected it, he ran his tongue down to the opening of that tunnel that he so wants to be inside, and inserts his tongue as deep inside of her as he possibly can. Feeling her legs tightening around his head, she all of a sudden screams, "OHHHHHHH PLEASE BABY, I NEED YOU INSIDE ME...PLEASE MAKE LOVE TO ME NOWWWWWW!!" Releasing her legs from around his head, he stands before her, taking his shaft into his hand, he guides it to her opening.

"Are you sure?" he asks looking down at her.

"Oh yes baby I am sure, I need you, I have needed you for so long now, I want you...please baby, please take me." And with that, he began to slowly push himself inside the woman who has made him feel so alive for all these months now for the very first time. Feeling her muscles instantly closing down around his shaft, totally blew his mind, this is a feeling that he hasn't felt in so long, he damn forgot what it felt like, the more her muscles close down, the faster and the deeper he penetrated inside her, his pace picks up, and her hips hunch to meet his every thrust, as his cock grows harder inside her, he and she both knew it wouldn't be long for either of them, as she reaches down, wrapping the fingers from her left hand around his shaft, she begins to stroke him, she wanted so badly to feel his cum rolling through his vein. The faster she strokes the harder and faster he pummels his piston inside her. Feeling his vein beginning to enlarge, and hearing his moaning getting louder and more pronounced, she too was pushed over that edge as she felt his cum rolling up that vein, and with one last deep thrust, she was able to feel every drop of his seed exploding inside her, as all her juices were released all over his cock. Laying spent beside her, he takes her into his arms one more time, only this time he held them tightly around her, her head resting on his shoulder, he kissed her softly on the forehead and whispers,

"I am never going to let you go." 

"Good, because I wasn't planning on ever leaving."