 I was walking my 10-year old from downtown to the rec center about two miles from downtown. It was summer, school was out, and he was participating in a day camp at the downtown YMCA. My wife had enrolled him in an afternoon soccer camp at the rec center, so after the day camp was over, he needed to get to the rec center. It was the first day of camp and I said I would go with him once to make sure he knew the way, and after that he's on his own. We were on the hard surface path which doubles as a walking and biking path. Walkers have the right-of-way, supposedly, but in reality, if you're walking, you need to stay alert. We were talking about this as well as making sure he was noticing specific landmarks along the way.

The path wound through residential sections and behind office buildings, skirted along the side of a park, went right through the middle of some community garden plots, by some open space areas with small playgrounds, then through more residential areas before terminating at the rec center and continuing on. It was hot and I made sure he had some water. The path ran in and out of shaded areas, but through the community gardens, there was no shade. Full sun helped all the vegetables grow. We rested on the close cut grass after passing through the community gardens.

"You know, we're almost there," I said. "It's just a little farther and there are no more streets to cross. The path takes you right to the rec center."

"Yeah, I know. I don't know why you had to come with me. We've been here before. You treat me like a baby," my son said.

That was mostly true, but I gave him what I thought was a good answer. "Yeah, O.K. Mom and I just wanted to make sure. You know, you'll be making this trip by yourself for the next two weeks - rain or shine. We know you can do it - it's mostly to reassure us. Does that make sense?" I explained.

"I guess so. Can we go now?" he said - conversation over.

We got up and continued our trek. There were a few children at the playgrounds and soon after, we came upon a small child and a woman a few yards ahead. As we passed the child, I said "Hello, there!" She looked up but did not answer. A little farther on we passed the mother and I said, "Hi!" and looked over at her. She looked back and I stopped dead in my tracks.

"Uh... Devin?" I called to my son who had continued on.

"Yeah, what?" he answered without turning around.

"You go on. I'm going to count on you making it there in time for soccer practice."

He turned slightly and with a wave of his hand, he was gone.

The woman was strikingly beautiful and she was pregnant. She wore one of those blouses that was gathered under her breasts, then hung loosely over her belly. She had on shorts and was carrying her flip-flops in one hand. She was dark-skinned with long, black hair drawn back into a ponytail. Her flawless face showed no signs of the puffiness that so often accompanies pregnancy. She smiled and said, "Hello"

"Is that your child?" I asked, pointing to the small child who was almost upon us.

"Yes, we've been to the playground and we're returning home now. It's time for her nap," she replied.

"So, how far along are you?" I continued.

"About six and a half months," she said somewhat sadly.

"Well, is everything OK? Are you seeing your doctor regularly?" I asked.

"Oh, yes, everything's fine," she said.

"That's good," I said. "I'm glad we happened upon you. I think pregnant women are simply beautiful."

"You do?" she said surprisingly.

"Oh, yeah. The curve of the belly is just so sensuous. When my wife was pregnant, I always wanted to rub my hands over her belly, just to feel how soft and sexy it was," I replied.

"You think it's sexy? Jasmine, don't go too far," she asked then cautioned her daughter who was staring at something in the grass.

"Very," I answered. "In fact, if we knew each other, I'd ask if I could feel your belly."

She just looked at me for a second or two, then said "I'm Carlene," and put out her right hand.

"Mike," I said as I reached out and shook her hand.

She continued "So, I guess we know each other now." She was looking straight at me with a penetrating gaze.

I didn't know what to say. "Uh... Yeah... I guess we do."

"So, would you like to feel my belly?" she asked.

I swallowed hard. "Uh... Carlene... Uh... I... Uh..." I stammered.

She smiled. "It's O.K. I don't mean here. Our house is just up here right off the path. Would you walk us home?" she asked as if we'd been friends for years.

"Uh... Sure. I'll be glad to," I replied.

She turned to go up the path. "O.K., Jasmine. Let's go home now," she spoke to her child. Then to me, "She's usually running and jumping and I can hardly keep up with her. Playing at the playground always tires her out. Nap time is not too far away!"

I smiled at her as we walked up the path, not really knowing what I had gotten myself into. She walked slowly, but carried herself well without too much wobbling. We made some small talk as we walked and just two houses farther on she said, "O.K. Here we are." Jasmine had already turned off the path and was headed to the sliding door that opened out onto the path. She waited while Carlene and I reached the door, I reached over and slid the door open, and we entered the house.

The air conditioning was on and the cool air was a relief. Carlene stopped just inside the door, dropped her shoes on the floor, reached down with both hands, grabbed the bottom of her blouse, and flapped it up and down. I looked down at glimpses of her belly.

"Whew! It's hot out there," she remarked. "Mike, have a seat while I put Jasmine down for her nap." She took Jasmine by the hand and they left the room off to the right.

I looked around for a chair, but didn't want to sit down. The room was nicely furnished with expensive furniture, lighting, and wall hangings. This room was so neat that it didn't appear lived in, at least according to my standards. Maybe she's just a good housekeeper; she's not working at least today so maybe she... Or perhaps they have a housekeeper. That made sense.

Then I heard, "Mike, c'mon back." off from the direction where they had left. I headed that way. As I left this room, there was a hallway in front of me and I could see a dining room off to one side and what looked like a short hallway to the other side that probably led to a kitchen.

"Carlene?" I called.

"Back here, Mike," was the response. I continued down the hallway. I peeked into the first room on the right. It was a large bathroom; again, it was very neat.

"Over here, Mike," came Carlene's voice from across the hall.

I turned and stepped into the room across the hall. She was sitting on a large bed and leaning back on her elbows. Her blouse was bunched up under her breasts exposing her belly which looked extra-large from the position she was in.

"Wow!" I said as I walked over to her.

"What do you think?" she asked, already knowing the answer.

"It's... It's great! It's just great!" I responded, somewhat dumbfounded as I looked at her belly.

"Well..." she said. "Go ahead."

I reached down and touched this woman's belly for the first time. Her skin was taut and smooth. I knelt down and began to gently rub her skin with the palm and fingers of my hand. I reached up with my other hand and began to feel that smooth, tight expanse of skin with both hands.

"Mmmmm..." she murmured. "That feels good. My husband never does that."

"Well," I replied as I continued to feel her belly. "He's missing a great opportunity."

Only her murmurs of pleasure as I continued to feel and lightly massage her belly.

"You know, don't you," I continued. "It's good for both baby and mother to do this on a regular basis during pregnancy. It feels good for the mother and it stimulates the baby somehow. At least that's what they say. I'm no doctor, but it makes sense to me. And, also, it's good for the father or partner who is doing the rubbing. There's more of a connection made between the mom and the fath... Er... Partner. It's amazing - we just met thirty minutes ago and here I am in your bedroom rubbing your belly."

"Mmmmmm... Amazing, all right," Carlene responded. "Here. Rub some cocoa butter on me." And she handed me a tube of lotion. I took it and looked up at her. "Go ahead. Do it," she urged.

I put some lotion on my hands, rubbed them together, and began to spread the lotion on her belly.

"That's it. Oh, yeah," she said. "Be sure to get it all over."

I rubbed for a while. "A little lower," she directed. My hands moved on her right down to the tops of her shorts. "Lower," she said.

"I can't," I responded. "Your shorts are in the way."

"Well," she said. "You know what to do, don't you?"

"You mean... Loosen them?" I asked wondering where this was going.

"Yeah. That's what I mean. Hurry up, Mike!" she said with a new sense of urgency in her voice.

I unbuttoned her shorts, reached in and pulled the zipper down. I saw no panties. I moved to the side a little so I could get into a better position to spread lotion on her lower abdomen. I began to rub the flat of my hand on her lower belly below the swell of her pregnancy. All of a sudden she grabbed my hand with both of her hands and stopped my rubbing. I looked up at her. She was looking right at me, and after a short pause, I could tell there was a boundary which she had crossed. She began to move my hand up and down further into her shorts. Her eyes were closed and the third time she pulled my hand down onto her pussy and held it there. I began to move my fingers and that generated an "Oh, yeah! That's it!" from her. She released my hand and in one movement her shorts were down to her knees.

"Mike, help me out. I can't bend over," she said. I knelt in front of her and pulled her shorts down and off her legs. Her legs naturally spread and revealed a beautiful sight not often seen - the swell of new life growing and a pussy puffy and wet.

She told me in no uncertain terms, "Mike, you've got to fuck me. My husband doesn't do it anymore."

"Carlene... I..." I protested.

"God damn it, Mike! Get up here and fuck me! Right now! I really need it!" With that she rolled onto her belly and rose up on her hands and knees. She spread her legs as far as she could. Then she waited.

Now, I can usually tell when a lady is in distress and needs help. This lady was in distress. I decided to help.

I pulled my pants and boxers off and was surprised that I was full hard. I had been concentrating so much on her that I didn't even know what my own body was doing.

"Scoot up a little," I told her. She moved toward the center of the bed.

I got up behind her between her legs and sunk my cock deep into her waiting pussy. She slumped forward then recovered and pushed back against me.

"Oh, my god, Mike! That feels sooooo good! I need this so much!" she said.

I moved one hand from her hips down to her belly and rubbed it as I began to fuck her full stroke. I established an easy rhythm so she could tell she was being fucked, but not so hard that it would cause problems. She met my movements, thrust for thrust.

"I love your belly, Carlene," I said between breaths.

"Good," she said, essentially ignoring my comment. "Keep it up! Just like that! Oh, fuck!"

Like I said, I try to be of assistance when a lady calls, so I did just that. I kept it up and kept fucking her. Pretty soon I was sweating and she was moaning with each stab of her pussy. I was feeling her belly as I fucked her and I could tell she was making the most of it. Her pussy was copiously wet and I stayed hard as a rod for what seemed like an eternity.

"Mike, I'm getting close to coming! I haven't come in so long! It's beginning to feel so good! Mike, rub my clit! Rub it hard! Do it now!" she confessed and commanded at the same time.

I reached between her legs and what I felt surprised me for the second time today. Her clit must have been a half inch long and hard as a pencil. As soon as I touched it, she let out a yelp.

"Oh, god! Oh, god! That's it! Right there! Oh, please..." she pleaded.

I grabbed her clit between my thumb and forefinger and began to stroke it and pinch it. In no time, she began to grunt "Ugh... Ugh... Ugh..." and her body stiffened and jerked with her orgasm.

"Son of a bitch!" she swore as the jerking continued and then slowly diminished. I released her clit, grabbed her hips with both hands, pulled myself into her as far as I could, and dumped my load.

"Ahhhhhh... Ahhhhhh..." I said as I felt release.

I felt her relax and I stayed inside her for a while. Then I pulled out and flopped down on the bed. She stayed on her hands and knees with her head down between her arms.

She raised her head and looked over at me with a wide grin on her face.

"You really filled me up - in more ways than one!" she said. "I'll probably drip cum for the rest of the day! Thanks, Mike. That felt so good and I needed it so bad!"

I had no words. I had just fucked a woman in the final trimester of her pregnancy and, as I later reflected on it, it had been one of the most enjoyable fucks I have had. Filling her pussy with my cum somehow made me connected to her. But I really knew that I wasn't connected at all. It was just one of those times that you'll look back on and just be amazed things happened the way they did.

We sat up on the bed.

"Can I see your tits?" I asked.

"Sure," she replied, still grinning. She pulled her shirt off over her head and removed her bra. Her tits were marvelous! You could see they were filling out naturally and even at that, had hardly any sag. She cupped one and held it out to me. I leaned in and licked and sucked the nipple. She put her other hand on the back of my head. I reached up and grabbed her other tit and moved over to it, licking, sucking, and biting.

"Mmmmmm... I could use some more of that!" she said. "They sure could use some attention, all right."

I was just the man to do it. For the next fifteen minutes I gave my full, undivided attention to her tits. Soon she was moaning and pulling my head into her chest. She would cup one tit and hold it out for my mouth and tongue. I would lick and bite her nipple. She moaned and moved my mouth to her other tit. "Harder," she said. "Bite me harder."

Pretty soon... "Mike?"

"Ummmmm...?"

"You have to fuck me again!"

I pulled my head back and looked at her.

"Right now! You have to fuck me right now!" She rolled over onto her hands and knees.

Well, what could I do? After ravishing her tits, my cock was hard as steel. I moved up behind her and fucked her until she came.

I hadn't come, but was exhausted and pulled out. With a contented look on her face, she rolled over onto her back. Her legs were splayed apart and cum was dripping out of her red, swollen pussy.

"Get up here, Mike," she ordered. "Come on my belly. Put some more lotion on my belly."

Fuck! That really got to me. I got between her legs and jacked off, shooting spurt after spurt onto her smooth, taut belly. She reached down and rubbed the warm lotion all over, looking at me and smiling broadly as she did.

Eventually we got dressed and she walked me to the door by the pathway.

"Think you might walk by here again?" she asked.

"Think you might be out walking if I do?" I asked back.

I did and she was.