 She walked with a purpose, as she normally did not frequent this neighborhood.  When the car stopped beside her, she turned more from surprise than curiosity.  “How much” he said.  She did not answer him.  She was confused by the question and it showed on her face as she looked curiously at the stranger.  “Don’t fuck around “ he said.  “I don’t have all night”.  

Again she was confused and surprised and managed to only mutter “excuse me?”  

He pushed the passenger door open and said  “Just get in.  We’ll figure that out later”. 

 To this day she did not know what made her enter the car.  All her instincts said run, but instead, she got in the car and closed the door.  He drove off quickly.  She was about to try to say something. Her mouth opened but she only managed to choke back a gasp as his hand took hers and placed it in his lap.  He used her hand to rub his cock through his jeans.  He took away his hand and she continued to massage his growing organ not knowing what else to do.  Should she risk angering him by removing her hand?  She decided to wait for a better opportunity to try to escape.  She was startled when he reached over and roughly ran his hand up under her skirt.  He groped her panty-covered crotch.  The invasion took her by surprise but despite the shock she felt a tingling on the inside of her thighs that made her breath stop momentarily.  

He pulled the big sedan into an alley – one of many off the street – illuminated only by the streetlight at the far end.  He put the car in park.  She pushed herself back into the corner of her seat as the stranger proceeded to loosen his pants and remove his hardened penis.  Despite her fear, she marveled at the size of it.  It was long and too big around for her small hand.  She let out a scream as he grabbed her by the back of the head and forced her face onto his engorged cock.  “Suck it you bitch” he said.  He forced the big dick past her lips.  The size of it made her gag as he fucked her mouth.  Obediently, she allowed him to move her head up and down over the bulging head of his organ.  It was know a question of survival.  He was much bigger and stronger than she was.  It was futile to resist.  She would do as he asked in order to escape greater harm.  She felt his breathing become labored.  He let out several grunts as he maneuvered her head faster and faster on the big dick.  The shock as the first spurt hit the back of her throat was immense.  She wanted to be released but he held her firmly.  In order to breath, she was forced to swallow his load and gradually she felt his grip weaken as his body relaxed.  

She was able to sit up and she used the opportunity to wipe the remaining drips from her mouth.  Her heart was racing.  This was her chance to run.  Just open the door and go quickly.  He would not chase her.  He was spent.  But, she remained motionless, staring at him.  He turned to look at her an said “you’re a good cock sucker baby.  What will that cost me.”  Her breasts were rising and falling in large exaggerated movements.  His eyes fixed on her breasts as he reached out one hand and grabbed her left breast.  “Nice tits.  You like them squeezed honey.  I bet you like it anyway you can get it.  You’re a horny little cunt, aren’t you” He started to move across the seat.  He reached forward and grabbed her behind both knees and easily pulled her onto her back.  He threw her skirt up over her hips and buried his head between her legs.  She felt the material tear as he ripped the crotch of her panties.  His hot breath was on her thighs.  She felt the finger as it entered her sex.  She gasped but was amazed at how easily he penetrated her.  She had not noticed but now she could feel the wetness that was all around her mound.  She gave into the feeling as his tongue replaced his finger and he hungrily lapped at her drenched pussy.  Absently her hand went to the back of his head as he ate her with abandon.  She mimicked the movement of his tongue with her hips as she succumbed to the ecstasy of the orgasm ripping through her body.  She let out a low animal growl as the waves of pleasure racked her body.  

She was unaware that he had left her.  She was barely aware of the door opening behind her.  Suddenly she was being yanked from the car, her body flying in all directions as he pulled her to her feet outside the car.  He shoved her to the front of the car.  The feeling of the cold metal shocked her as her ass slid up the hood.  Once again her skirt was thrown over her hips.  His pants were at his ankles and she looked up only briefly to see the huge cock between her thighs.  It took her breath away as he pushed it into her hard and deep.  She felt his balls slap her ass as he pulled her towards his hips.  His rhythm increased and unconsciously she started to match his pace.  She was lost in the pleasure now.  He reached up with one hand and ripped away her bra.  Her tits swayed in the rhythm of their fucking.  He mauled each in turn before he returned his hands to her hips.  She wanted him to continue to pound her cunt. 

 The orgasm stunned her with its intensity even more than the first one.  She felt the juices running down to her ass as she slid back and forth on the hood gliding in her own slippery goo.  Again she sensed his orgasm and this time she tried to anticipate it.  She wanted to cum again at the same time as the stranger.  Just as he appeared to be ready, he pulled her from the hood and forced her onto her knees.  With one large hand he held the back of her head.  With the other he stroked his big cock in front of her face.  She knew it was coming yet she recoiled as the spurt hit her cheek.  She tried to find the stream with her mouth but most splattered on her lips and chin dripping down on her heaving tits.  He moved away from her and slowly put himself back together.  

It was now that she became aware of her nakedness and tried to cover herself as she struggled to her feet.  He walked to her and from his pocket he took a wad of bills and shoved it in her hand.  Not knowing what else to do, she took the money and put it in the pocket of her skirt.  As best she could, she smoothed out her skirt and did up what buttons remained on her blouse.  She straightened her hair.  At this point, she remembered her purse was in the car.  She had no idea where she was.  How would she get home?  Timidly, she approached the passenger side window hoping at least to rescue her purse.  She thought of asking the stranger for a ride.  She was about to speak when he said  ”We should get home Hon. We only have the babysitter for another half-hour” She smiled and got in the car.