 It was probably the only thing that she could have said to get him out of her ass at this point. Lee whispered his agreement into Nikki's ear before placing a light kiss on her neck. He felt her response and regrettably pulled out. Nikki made a little disappointed sound, but she knew it was necessary. 

They made sure not to touch each other as they quickly got redressed. Hot glances at each other as their treasures were once again hidden added a little spice to the moment and anticipation of what was to come.

Lee drove quickly to Nikki's place, coming around to help her out of the car once more. Getting out Nikki let her skirt rise and flashed her naked, dripping pussy at Lee. In response he roughly pulled her up and against him, crowding her back against the car. He growled low in his throat promising payback. Nikki licked her lips and smiled.

Lee released her knowing that if he kissed her they wouldn't make it into the house. Nikki was a step ahead of him as they walked towards the house, she swayed her hips provocatively feeling his eyes on her. Her hands were shaking so badly with anticipation she couldn't get the key in the lock. Lee pressed up behind her and taking the key from her hand unlocked and opened the door.

Lee followed Nikki in – when he picked her up he hadn't gone in so he took a moment to orient himself. Nikki had moved towards the kitchen so he closed and locked the front door. He took his shoes off leaving them by the door before following Nikki towards the kitchen. He leaned in the doorway watching as she moved around the kitchen. Walking towards him, Nikki handed him a full glass of water along with a bottle of water. 

"We'll be a while and it will be thirsty work" she said with a wicked grin. 

Picking up a glass & bottle for herself, she moved past him and up the stairs. In the bedroom she turned on a bedside light & cleared some space on the night table for her water. Lee paused at the door to get a feel of the room. It was very comfortable, not frilly or flowery. The bed was a queen size oak frame with a short posts at each corner.

As he checked out the room Nikki took his water and placed it on the far bedside table. She then took his hand and drew him over to sit on the bed. She put a foot up on the bed beside him, asking him to remove her shoe. Lee very gently lifted her foot to rest in his lap and stroked her ankle before undoing the strap and sliding her foot tenderly out of the shoe. Lee dropped the shoe at the end of the bed and Nikki switched feet, the movement allowing Lee a peek at her naked pussy as she moved. They repeated the procedure with Nikki's other foot.

For a moment they stayed that way, Lee seated looking at Nikki. Nikki standing looking at Lee.

"Where are your toys?" Lee asked.

Nikki was galvanized into action. Opening the drawer of her night table Nikki was going to pull one out when Lee grabbed her hand stopping her. Nikki didn't hear him get off the bed and come up behind her. Lee was looking into the drawer as if it was a treasure chest. Indeed he was mentally inventorying the contents intent on using every item on Nikki at some point. 

"We'll start with these" Lee told her.

Lee pulled out the Japanese silk bondage ropes and the vibrating anal toy. Not what Nikki had been reaching for, but she was pleased with his choices. She could feel her pussy quiver with anticipation hoping for double penetration.

Lee ordered Nikki to stand up and then not to move. Lee moved around her completing a 360 degree circle before beginning to strip her. He removed her shirt, then her skirt. He paused a moment to admire the picture she made standing there in her corset and stockings with her pussy bare to his eyes. 

Lee knelt at Nikki's feet to undo the garters. He unclipped the front two first. As he worked on the back two, Lee pushed his nose into her pussy inhaling her musky scent again. When he had the garters undone he grabbed her ass cheeks to pull her pussy harder into his face. Lee opened his mouth and snaked his tongue out to flick against her clit. Nikki's moan broke into his focus and Lee pulled back breathing hard. Lee rolled the stockings down her legs and off her feet. Standing up he unlaced the corset for the second time that night. Nikki stood before him as completely naked as he was dressed. 

Lee made another complete 360 degree circle around Nikki to admire her naked form before ordering her on the bed. Lee held the rope up as he made eye contact with Nikki. If she was going to say no, now would be the time, or there would be no turning back. Nikki saw the heat in Lee's eyes & knew there was a matching fire in her own. She licked her lips and gave him a small smile to show her approval.

Lee took his time too tie Nikki's arms and legs to the posts so that she was spread eagled on the bed. Lee had to resist eating her out again, he wanted to take his time. As his eyes traveled over her exposed body, he slowly began removing his own clothes. When he was removing his pants, he took the belt & bending it in half he 'snapped' it. While Lee didn't want to strike Nikki, he wanted to heighten her feeling of helplessness and his feeling of power. 

As Lee disrobed, his erect organ was once more visible to Nikki. She thought to herself, God it's beautiful! She hadn't really appreciated it in the car, but now she could see it in all it's glory and couldn't wait for it to plunge inside her again.

Lee picked up the vibrating anal toy and tested the controller to make sure it worked. The low hum and gentle vibration made him smile. Looking over at Nikki he saw her lick her lips and knew that she was anticipating this. How often did she play with this he wondered. He felt his cock twitch in reply to that thought.

He climbed on the bed and moved between her splayed legs. He leaned down and gently blew on her exposed flesh enjoying the shiver that ran over her body. As if to reward her response he used the flat of his tongue to lick her from ass to clit. Nikki's hips lifted off the bed as if attempting to maintain the contact.

They made eye contact briefly before Lee once again began his amazing tongue dance in and around Nikki's pussy. Before long she was squirming against the ropes and moaning her frustration. As expected she was dripping wet which is exactly what Lee needed. He massaged her folds and rubbed her clit flooding her with sensations. As he did that, he used his other hand to rub the toy in her juices to coat it so that it would have the necessary lubrication it would need to go into her ass. 

Using his slick fingers first, Lee began to play with her anus as his mouth continued it's torture of her pussy. The added stimulation was enough to cause a small orgasm for Nikki. When he felt it Lee doubled his efforts as he planned to make her explode as many times as possible. Lee began to insert her toy into her ass. Slow but steady pressure while he continued to play with her cunt. Nikki's rocking motion assisting the insertion of the toy.

Once it was all the way in, Lee sat back on his knees so that he could watch her face as he turned it on. Lee put it on a low setting and saw Nikki's hips lift off the bed before she began to rock side to side and back and forth. He began to play with the settings while he watched her, ensuring that nothing touched her but the toy. Fast until he could see she was nearing climax, then he would slow it down or even turn it off. Nikki had to beg him to let her cum before he relented and turned it to high and left it there, watching as she exploded in the longest climax she'd had so far.

Nikki laid there panting from exertion, with her ass still pleasantly full of the toy that felt like a cock. Feeling Lee's breath on her cheek, she opened her eyes smiling at him as they kissed. It was then that she felt his cock entering her wet hole. She bucked her hips up to help his penetration. "OhGodYEEEESSSS" she moaned.

Her inability to move meant that she could only lay there and enjoy as he used her - that turned her on. Lee could feel her excitement and hoped she could feel his. He realized what a treasure he had found and he wanted to make sure that she was satisfied. Lee pulled back so that just the tip of his cock was in her before thrusting in to the hilt again. Nikki grunted in pleasure. Lee repeated the process slowly increasing his pace. He could feel the toy in her ass through the thin connecting membrane, and it was almost as if there was another guy here fucking her. Lee knew he'd have to try taking her anally while filling her pussy with another vibrator. Luckily she had enough of a selection that it should be a problem.

Lee felt his cock swell with his thoughts, then he felt something that caught his full attention. "Do that again" he said. 

Nikki used her internal muscles to squeeze Lee's cock as in thrust into her. Lee continued to pump into her and Nikki squeezed with his tempo. Lee groaned and closed his eyes focusing on the sensation. In a matter of minutes Nikki felt her next climax start. Lee felt the ripple of her climax through his cock and continued to pump into her. She climaxed a second time. Then a third. Nikki's multiple orgasms were causing her to buck wildly beneath Lee. He thrust more forcefully into her and finally began to feel the tightening in his balls that heralded his own release.

As his climax peaked, Lee let out a yell. At the same time Nikki's fourth orgasm ripped through her body and she screamed out her pleasure. Lee collapsed on top of Nikki. Both of them lay there unable to move for a few minutes as they caught their breath.

After being released from her bonds, Nikki rolled on her back to allow Lee a sight he didn't get to enjoy during dinner. He saw her tight cheeks staring at him, desperate for attention. He took some oil from the toy chest and rubbed it on his hands. Once the smell of spearmint was noticeable, he started to massage Nikki's ass cheeks. She loved getting sensual massages and this was just a taste of what Lee had in mind. His strong hands rubbed the oil deeply on her ass. Nikki's pussy was now dripping wet! Nikki was thankful that Lee couldn't see it but had the opportunity to make her more sexually alive. Rubbing his hands up and down her lower back, Nikki said "oh, yes. Baby, this is what I need." Lee continued massaging her ass to help her become more relaxed and enjoy the sensations.

Once Nikki couldn't wait any longer for Lee to avoid seeing the impact his massage had on her, Nikki rolled over on her back and spread her legs. Nikki rubbed her index finger lightly across the clit and spread her vulva open. 

How could Lee resist? As his fingers worked their magic on Nikki's pussy, her juices began to flow. He could smell the sweet aroma and longed to taste her. He removed his hand and put his fingers in his mouth. Nikki watched seductively as he sucked her nectar from his hand. He climbed up on the bed between Nikk's legs and dove into the treasure that lay before him. Her skin was so smooth. The absence of hair made it easy to lick and taste her all over. He looked up to see her pinching and pulling on her hard little nipples.

'Oh Lee! That feels so good!' she cried. 

Nikki raised her hips to force herself into Lee's face. His tongue slipped even deeper inside of her and he sucked hungrily at the fluid that was now flowing freely into his mouth. He felt her orgasm building to its crescendo and Nikki grabbed his head and pulled him tighter to her groin. He could barely breathe but was content just to inhale her sweetness. 

Lee left his tongue inside so Nikki got used to the erotic sensations. It didn't take long before more of her sweet honey coated his tongue. Lee loved the feel of a nice and smooth pussy on his mouth. He thought about shaving Nikki in the shower before the admired his handy work more closely. Until then, he returned to ensuring Nikki experienced heaven on earth. 

He used his tongue to tease this sexy minx. Nikki had guys eat her, but never thought anyone would get such pleasure. If only she knew how hard Lee's cock was and how much it longed for some attention. Right now, Lee was giving Nikki's clit attention by sucking and deep frenching it. The clit was so erect that he had no trouble swallowing it and then humming the clit to create a vibration that coursed throughout Nikki's body.

Picking up the pace a bit, Lee started to literally fuck Nikki's pussy with his tongue. In and out it went so she could imagine it as a sign of things to come. Slowing down a bit, Lee kept mixing up the tempo to help Nikki get used to the different sensations. Nikki had her eyes closed and just let her body get taken to places she never thought possible. 

She cried out and bucked her hips as he gave her the most intense orgasm Lee ever knew a woman to experience. He continued to suckle on her as she gradually came down from the incredible high that she had brought on herself. When Nikki finally relaxed her grip on his skull, Lee looked up to see her chest heaving and her face showing the obvious signs of her total pleasure. He crawled up her body and kissed her soft skin as Lee covered Nikki's belly and then her breasts and finally her neck. And when their lips met, it was electric. She was tasting her own cum and Lee was tasting the sweetest mouth he had ever kissed. It was incredible! Nikki's tongue was all over his mouth and she held his head in her hands like she was never going to let go.

When we finally stopped Lee just stared into her eyes. 

'God I've never had such an intense orgasm.' Nikki answered.

Lee returned to kissing Nikki. He broke the kiss after their tongues dueled for countless minutes. He now wanted to give attention to her neck. Nikki felt his tongue and mouth lightly suck and flick all over her throat. 

Lee caressed Nikki's breasts. He admired them and showed them each their due attention. Unlike most men, Lee enjoyed the foreplay. He wanted Nikki to know that he wasn't into rushing the sheer sexual pleasure. Lee did that by lightly pinching each nipple. He kissed each one before absorbing more of it into his mouth. Carefully, he tried to absorb the entire breast. Unable to do that, he returned to sucking and lightly nibbling on the nipple. Nikki's breast became more prominent as her back arched up and a moan escaped her. Lee repeated the same delicate maneuvers on the other breast until he was sure this sexy woman was ready for another round.

"Here it is" Lee said to himself after reaching into the pocket to grab a mint. He was looking to use it before the date, but forgot completely about it. Popping it into his mouth, it tingled from the sensation of ginger and cinnamon. 

Lee slid his tongue up and down Nikki's thighs. The smell from his mint started to overpower the room, but was controlled from Nikki's candles she lit during times of romance. He caressed all over her thighs with warm, but firm hands. Adding his tongue to the equation, Nikki felt unimaginable sensations. Her body went limp from his touch. She felt that he was trying to prolong her orgasm, which he wanted to last for hours. 

Moving ever so slowly, he reached Nikki's shaved pussy. It glistened from excitement. A part of him wanted to ravish it with animalistic passions. He decided against this so he would show Nikki that he is quite a patient lover. Rubbing the outer lips slowly, they started to respond. Lee carefully moved two fingers up and down the entire length of Nikki's pussy lips. She started to moan from the pleasure and attention he gave her. 

Reaching the bottom of the box, Lee smiled fondly, his eyes lighting up. Lee found three of many vibrators to try: The Silver Bullet, Purple Passion, and the Jelly. The Jelly was expensive, a real investment, but Nikki had finally admitted that the size was too much for her; it hurt rather than felt good, no matter how much lube she rubbed on it. It was just too long, it bumped her cervix painfully when she pushed it too far in. So she left it alone. Purple Passion was her very first vibrator, kind of a junior model. It was cute, but it was short and slender, for beginners. Something had broken in it and it no longer vibrated anyway, so she mainly kept it for gentle anal insertion.

Lee looked at the The Silver Bullet. He figured it was by far her favorite toy, based on how much usage it got; her companion to while away the boring hours when she was alone. It was shiny metallic silver, generously sized, about 8", and nicely thick. Nikki told Lee that she had recently put in fresh batteries.

With one hand Lee's fingers slowly traced the slick sides of her clit as Nikki thought about the thrusting dildo. Sensations gathered as her juices flowed more freely. Lee's other hand twisted her nipple, cupping her big breast. After a moment she lifted her head off the pillow, pushing her nipple into her mouth, and sucked it while he strummed her clit with his fingers.

Her pussy twitched with need and it was finally time. Lee picked up the Silver Bullet and turned it on low, placing it on her clit. Waves of pleasure started in her. She was careful not to push the vibe too hard against herself, he wanted to build up slowly. Over the years she'd trained herself to prolong her orgasm, building up a tolerance to the direct stimulation of the vibrator.

Slowly he increased the speed. The Silver Bullet hummed busily as Lee pushed his other finger deep into her cunt, then pulled it out, wet. He gently inserted his middle finger into her ass.

He turned the speed on the vibrator up higher, louder. It surged, causing her to gasp.

"Oh, shit!"

She tensed up; the orgasm was crashing like a wave, coming closer. Lee thrust the finger deeper into her ass, as deep as it would go, and turned the speed up even more. It was as high as it would go, as loud as a chainsaw. 

"Jesus Christ!"

Nikki couldn't believe the power, the extra kick of the fresh batteries. She let out a scream as she orgasmed, pumping her asshole with his finger as she bucked against the relentless hum of the vibrator. She came so hard she almost pissed herself; and then right after that, for the first time ever, she came again!

"Oh God, oh fuck!"

Her entire body spasmed against the bed. She came down from her high, finger still inside her, vibe still humming. She lay there for a long time, smiling dreamily. After catching her breath, Nikki sat up and kissed Lee deeply and passionately. Their hands explored each other's back for what seemed like days. After awhile, Nikki slowly pulled away from him. Sliding off the bed, Nikki told Lee, "Watch me dress for you slowly. I have an outfit that you are sure to enjoy before I explore an area of you more thoroughly than in the car."