 It was late May of last year and Spring had given way to an early Summer. One afternoon, Helen was in the backyard by the pool rejuvenating with a little time under the warm sun in her bikini, when her portable phone rang. It was her husband, Brad, phoning to tell her that he would be bringing home a guest that afternoon for a few drinks - an old friend from his high school days who was in town - after which he suggested they go out for dinner together.

After the call, Helen set the phone down and settled into her recliner, ruminating about an interesting choice of restaurant.

A half an hour or so later, Helen was still by the pool in her bikini when Brad and his friend, Timothy, arrived. She had forgotten about the time and was caught a bit off guard when she heard her husband call to her from inside the house. Rushing, she reached for her robe but hadn't quite managed to cover up by the time the two men stepped out onto the patio. Timothy was privy to a brief look at the bikini-clad figure of his friend's wife. And what a figure it was. 

At twenty-eight, Helen, although by no means Rubinesque, was curvaceous in the extreme. And although she usually dressed in such a way as to obscure the fact that she was so buxom -- as best as any woman can who wears a size 32DDD bra -- this was clearly not one of those times. 

Timothy tried his best not to notice her voluptuous form: large, firm breasts, curvy hips, soft skin and a beautiful, curvaceous derriere. Indeed, despite the size of her chest, it was the pleasing arc of her behind that first caught Timothy's attention; that, and the fact that the auburn-haired woman before him was quite pretty.

When Brad introduced the two of them, Helen, though she didn't show it, was equally impressed with the 'optics' of her husband's friend -- Timothy was drop dead gorgeous! And had a smile and an easy charm that made an immediate impression on her. 

She shook his hand and looked up into his penetrating, blue eyes. Timothy was a thirty-one-year-old art dealer from the west coast. He and Brad had been close friends since high school. But after their university days, Brad had stayed put, while Timothy had gone to live in Europe for several years before finally settling out west.

According to Brad, he had never married, but had never been short of female company. He loved women and it showed - which was doubtless part of the reason so many women loved him back! He was also, as Helen had observed, quite good-looking, in a way that was both a ladies' man- as well as a man's man-type of way; A lethal mix that woman found irresistible. 

The wavy black hair, white teeth and chiseled features didn't hurt either.

Helen and Brad had been married for four years and she loved him dearly. But for Helen, a woman who definitely appreciated the sport of flirtation, the excitement and passion, though still there, had understandably diminished. 

She put on a short, slinky black cocktail dress - one that Brad was forever asking her to wear (but rarely did because it drew so much attention to her ample bustline) - and the three of them went out to an upscale French restaurant downtown; one with a lovely red-bricked courtyard. The three of them spent a pleasant candlelit evening under the moonlight.

It was easy to see why Timothy and her husband had been so close. The two of them, even after years apart, could still seemingly read each other's mind. At least for the most part that is, since Brad never suspected that his friend found his wife as attractive as he did. The subtle flirtation between Timothy and Helen struck him as just that: harmless flirtation; flirting, after all, was just something his friend did with women.

Still, there was more to it than met Brad's unsuspecting eyes. And as the evening progressed, and the wine flowed, Helen fast fell under Timothy's spell. He was witty, could talk about anything, and had a way of making the people around him feel like he was listening intently to everything they said. She found him exciting and incredibly sexy. And all too quickly, the evening was over.

They said their goodbyes and Timothy left for his hotel. On the way home, Helen tried to steer the conversation away from the subject of Timothy, though in truth she couldn't get him out of her mind. She assumed she'd never see him again.

Two days later, however, out of the blue, Timothy called her around midday - a day when she was working from home and Brad was at his office. He sounded even sexier over the phone. 

He explained that he had several hours to kill before catching his flight home later that afternoon. He asked her if she wouldn't mind keeping him company and meeting him for a drink at his hotel. Although it felt slightly awkward, especially considering how attracted she was to him, Helen justified it by telling herself it was just a harmless drink and the polite thing to do. 

They met at a quiet, intimate lounge inside his hotel. Timothy looked as stylishly dressed and as handsome as ever. And she couldn't help but notice that her hand trembled slightly when she raised her wine glass to her lips.

However much she tried to convince herself otherwise, she found him incredibly sexy. And though it was just a harmless drink on the surface, the two of them both knew it was more than that.

Timothy was equally entranced. He had resisted the impulse to call Helen for two days, before finally giving in. He knew it was wrong; she was his friend's wife. He knew he wanted more from her than polite conversation. And he couldn't get the image of that bikini-clad body out of his mind. Despite her reserve, there was something overtly sexual about her that he found irresistible; perhaps it was the contrast of the two parts of her personality. 

There was a sexual current between them that was palpable and their conversation gradually became more and more intense, until at one point, and before she realized what she was doing, Helen reached across the table and touched his hand. She pulled it back almost instantly, but somehow a line had been crossed. Not long after, they finished their drink and Helen drove him to the airport. Before seeing him off, he gave her his e-mail address.

This small gesture would ultimately prove to be the beginning of a long distance relationship. The two corresponded to each other almost right away; e-mails progressed to telephone calls when Brad wasn't home. Before long, they were both being completely open about their mutual attraction for one another. Desire bested guilt. And then fate played the next card: As the director of marketing for a national firm, Helen was often required to travel on business. In late July, she was tasked with traveling to the west coast - to the same city as Timothy called home -- for meetings with one of her firm's regional offices.

Unbeknownst to Brad, Helen and his friend had soon made plans to be together during the week she would be out west.

Her flight left in the early afternoon, before her husband got home from work, and she took full advantage: making sure to wear something that would catch Timothy's attention when he picked her up at the other end. For under things, she put on a set of lacy, aqua-coloured bra and panties - putting drops of perfume in the bra cups and in the crotch of her panties before putting them on. Over top she wore a sexy little summery dress with spaghetti straps. The dress gave her oodles of cleavage and emphasized the size of her bustline. She capped the ensemble with a pair of open-toed Manolo Blaniks heels. 

Ironically, the night before her departure, Brad had suggested to Helen that she should give his friend a call while she was out there, if she found she had the time!

The flight seemed to take forever, but five hours later, she arrived on the coast. She spotted Timothy's sexy smile from across the way as he stood outside the gate, waiting for her. The sight of him in his tailored black suit and crisp white shirt open at the collar made her weak in the knees.

They made it as far as his Mercedes in the parking lot before they could resist no longer and embraced for the first time. Helen trembled with excitement in his arms, and they kissed each other hungrily. They were barely able to contain their lust en route to his beautiful modernist house overlooking the ocean.

Once inside things progressed rapidly. As a prelude to making love for the first time, Timothy requested a sultry striptease from Helen. She was only too happy to oblige.

Throwing off his suit jacket, he sat back in a chair -- next to his expansive king-size bed -- and watched his friend's wife slowly undress for him.

She shimmied out of her dress and stood there before him in high heels, wearing only her lacy bra and panties, and proceeded to perform an impromptu, albeit inspired, striptease for him. As her sultry 'performance' reached its climax, she unhooked her bra and let her large breasts fall free. Timothy was amazed at how little they sagged, all the more remarkable considering their size. Her nipples were huge -- like pink saucers -- and were eminently suckable. 

Helen had been so preoccupied with undressing for him that she hadn't noticed much more than the lustful expression on his face. Suddenly she glanced down at the front of his black, pleatless suit pants, and for the first time saw the large bulge in his pants. The dimensions of what she was looking at didn't register at first -- only that he had become aroused from watching her undress. Something she found incredibly exciting. "You ARE beautiful," he said. 

"Timothy, I want to see you now," she answered, unable to disguise her own lust any longer.

She approached him, placed her hand beneath his strong chin, and kissed him deeply, passionately. 

His hands wandered -- sliding over her hips and ass, feeling their smoothness -- as her tongue met his. Her fingers worked the buttons of his crisp white dress shirt, and she helped him peel it off. She threw it on the floor as he unfastened his belt. Next, she unbuttoned the top button of his pants and unzipped his fly. He raised his hips from the chair as she took hold of the waistband of his pants and underwear, pulling them down to his knees. What she uncovered made her gasp audibly. 

He had grown accustomed to women's reactions when they first laid eyes on his penis, and Helen's was no exception. 

"Oh my god!!!" she blurted out; her hand covering her mouth. 

Since his early teens, every female he had been intimate with had reacted in a similar fashion when they first looked at what he had hidden in his pants. 

Fully aroused, he was just under eleven inches long and bigger around than most women's wrists -- and at that particular moment, he wasn't even quite fully aroused yet. 

Completely taken aback, Helen had stopped tugging on his pants the moment Timothy's enormous cock sprang from the confines of his black boxers. Timothy reached down; pushing his pants past his knees until they dropped to the floor, then removed his shoes and socks.

Helen couldn't stop staring at the monster bobbing heavily between thighs. 

"I've never seen one that big before," she said softly. 

She knelt down between his legs, with a tentative expression on her face, and he took her hand and guided it to the huge, fleshy stalk in his lap. 

In countless long distance sexual fantasies, she had imagined making love to Timothy and taking him completely into her mouth. Now, in the flesh, she wasn't sure that she could even manage to get her lips over the large head.

He placed her hand on his manhood, and she tried to close her fingers around it, succeeding only partially, and gave it a gentle squeeze. It was just enough to cause a drop of clear pre-cum to ooze from the tip. 

"I can't, Timothy," she said sheepishly, with a tremor of fear in her voice. "It's too big."

"Yes you can, Darling," he answered. "Just relax and do it slowly. Do the best you can. I promise I won't force it."

She pushed her lips against the large head, pursing her lips and sucking the droplet of pre-cum from the tip. In her fantasies, she had dreamed of tasting him. 

She brought her other hand up and gripped it with both hands. And for several minutes she was content to just lick the length of his shaft. She then lifted his sac to lick that erogenous ridge of skin right behind it and between his legs. After several minutes, she still hadn't tried to take him in her mouth. 

Timothy had been stroking the back of her neck, and, reaching down, switched to her breasts, marveling at their weight and firmness. 

Her excitement increased; the taste of his salty pre-cum fired her lust. Finally summoning up the courage, she moved up his shaft and once again pursed her lips. Carefully, opening her mouth she slipped her lips over the head, eventually opening her mouth wide enough to accommodate a little more. She was gently working both hands up and down his shaft, and when her wet lips slipped down to take his entire head and a bit more into her mouth, he began to rock his hips in time with her sucking. Eventually, he lost control, and flooded her mouth with his cum. 

She'd braced herself when she felt his shaft pulsate, but she wasn't ready for the volume and force of his ejaculation. It exploded against the back of her throat. She swallowed what she could and let the rest ooze down his shaft and trickle across her fingers. She looked up at him and smiled sweetly; a string of his white ejaculate trickled downwards from the corner of her mouth. The head and shaft of his enormous organ was smeared with her red lipstick. 

"My turn," said Timothy. 

Placing his large hands under her arm, he stood and lifted her to her feet. The grabbing her up in his arms, he carried her over and deposited her atop his big bed. 

He wasted no time; parting her legs, pushing them up and back against her chest, and dropping his head down between. Her fertile delta was to him a thing of exquisite beauty. It was soon apparent to Helen that Timothy was adept with his tongue and knew how to pleasure a woman orally. No doubt he's had plenty of practice, she thought to herself. 

Her pussy was already slick with her own wetness. He parted her hot lips and thrust his tongue inside her. He knew how to read a woman's body; knew when to apply pressure to the clitoris with his tongue, when to ease off. She climaxed almost immediately. 

After her orgasm, her clit was momentarily sensitive and so Timothy transferred his attentions to her full breasts. His gentle suckling soon produces two swollen and puffy areolas. She let out a series of deep sighs. When it came to her breasts, despite their size, she found the delicate touch the most pleasurable. He proved good with his hands, too, gently tracing circled around each breast with his fingers.

Lifting himself up, he took hold of her hips and turned her over on her stomach; spreading her legs again. 

Grasping the firm ass cheeks of her glorious behind, he spread them, opening her up, then moved his face down and kissed her puckered hole; thrusting the tip of his tongue just inside. This drove her absolutely wild, and the intensely pleasurable sensation caused her to wiggle her ass backwards, pressing her bum hole even tighter against his face. 

Timothy had the presence of mind - and past experiences had taught him this -- to wonder to himself if Helen would be able to handle his size. She wouldn't have been the first to experience genuine difficulty. Nor would she have been the first to deny him entry out of fear.

"God, I hope she can handle me," he thought hopefully.

Lifting himself up off the bed once again, he turned her back over. Lifting her legs up, and standing between them, he rubbed the head of his huge erection along Helen's puffy wet maidenhead. 

Helen's brain was so clouded with lewd and lustful thoughts, that it took several seconds for her to realize that he was about to push his enormous cock into her vagina. Alarmed, she suddenly pleaded, "Please Darling, you're too big. You'll rip me open." 

"It'll be alright, sweetheart," he said, trying to assuage her fears. "I promise I won't hurt you."

With that, he pressed the large bulbous head against her slit and edged forward.

He felt immense to her right from the beginning, and she panicked slightly. 

At first, her lips folded in, and then parted as he entered, stretching her open. 

She grimaced -- a look on a woman's face Timothy was no stranger to.

"Oh my god," she said wincing. "No. Please. It's too big."

He paused, holding her legs up, protecting the ground he had already gained. 

"Relax Darling, relax. I won't hurt you." 

She was breathing hard, wanting him, but fearful of his enormous size. 

Holding still and concentrating, she tried her best to relax her vaginal muscles in the same way she'd learned to relax her rectum during anal sex. 

When he thought she was ready, he pressed, stretching her even further, and sliding just another inch or so inside her. 

"Oh my god, stop," she pleaded. He did as she asked for a bit, then slipped in still another inch. Her vaginal lips were stretched to their limit, now he was forcing the inner walls of her vaginal canal to stretch to accommodate him. 

He'd been through this many times before with a number of women, to the point where he knew exactly how patient he would have to be. Slowly, inch by inch, he slipped his huge cock into her, until he had just over half of it in. For now, he was content to have accomplished that much. He pulled back out until the rim of the head emerged, then slipped back in. 

As the pain slowly began to subside, she became aware of his cock now sliding slowly in and out of her vagina. His cock was so big that it was actually sliding against her clit creating a potent cocktail of pain AND pleasure. Bracing her heavy breasts with one hand and placing the other on Timothy's tummy to discourage him from getting too eager too quickly, she closed her eyes and felt her orgasms gradually build from a place deep inside her tummy - finally overtaking her in a series of waves. It took Timothy longer, but when he finally climaxed, he came as forcefully as he had in her mouth. 

When he pulled out of her pussy, the thickness of his manhood caused it to remain gaping open for a time; the mixture of his cum and her juices trickled out and puddled atop his silken sheets. 

Lowering her legs, he collapsed on the bed and pulled her back in against him; wrapping her in his arms, tenderly kissing the back of her neck. 

Several minutes passed before either of them spoke; both preferring to savour the tranquility of the moment. 

"I've never felt like this before," she said, taking his hand in hers and 

kissing it.

"I've been wanting to do this since I first saw you in your bikini back in May," replied Timothy.

"I felt the same way . But if I had known you had THAT big of a weapon in your pants, I might have run in the opposite direction!" she added, half serious, half teasing. She couldn't resist the obvious question. 

"Exactly how big ARE you, sweetie?" 

"Just under eleven inches, I think," he answered. 

"Good god!" she whispered.

She wondered to herself if he'd managed to put it all in; her eyes had been closed much of the time. Considering how much it hurt, she thought he must have. Though in truth, he'd managed about two-thirds. 

"I hope I'm not so stretched that Brad will notice!" she exclaimed.

They were comfortable lying in each others arms, talking about all the days they'd spent waiting and longing. And when he asked her to spend the night, she almost said yes. But she knew if Brad called her hotel room, and she hadn't checked in yet, that he would be worried. She also had an early meeting the next day.

They both climbed off the bed and he led her by the hand to his spacious stand-up shower. Afterwards, they both got dressed and left. 
