 Every day was the same, get up early, take the train into work, take the train home. Nikki's favorite part of the day was after dinner when she curled up on the couch with a cup of tea or a glass of wine & read through the personals. In college a friend had got her hooked on them – an inexpensive form of entertainment. Some were serious, others lighthearted, and then there were some that were downright strange. Often times she felt like a voyeur peeking into the most private parts of peoples lives.

Today had been a really stressful day so Nikki was looking forward to relaxing her evening ritual. To treat herself she had a nice warm bath using her scented oils. When she was done she rubbed her whole body with the thick cream that made her skin so soft. If only she could have seen herself, her skin glowing and her eyes sparkling, she wouldn't have recognized herself. Putting on a negligee she wrapped a warm robe around herself and headed downstairs. Nikki poured herself a glass of wine, got comfortable and started to read.

Turning to the second page of ads, one seemed to jump off the page to grab her attention. 

SWM seeking BBW willing to play.

Smart and witty a must.

Although the ad did not give a lot of information, something about it made Nikki get a little wet. Despite reading the personals for years, Nikki had never responded to an ad. That was about to change.

A part of Nikki thought to give the ad a try. The worst that could happen is not having anything new in her life. She didn't want to become old and tired every Monday from having a mundane weekend. While falling asleep, Nikki started to wonder about how the person behind the ad might change her sexual horizons. 

The next day, Nikki put a robe around her and over coffee thought about her decision some more. She started to then read the morning paper to get her mind off making a decision. The news was the same boring thing, just a different day. Taking a deep breath, Nikki finally decided that she needed a welcome change. She didn't want her life to become like the newspaper--same news but on a different day.

Picking up the phone, Nikki was surprised to hear someone on the other end. Lee was surprised that someone was really interested in getting to meet him. Their conversation lasted about an hour. During that time, Nikki and Lee talked about what they were looking for in a relationship and some ice breaker topics. It turned out that they both had a lot in common, there were some differences but the similarities were more popular. 

Lee asked Nikki whether they could meet that evening for some coffee at the local shop. Nikki hesitated for a bit, but agreed. Lee told her he would meet her at 8:30. He described his hair color (brown) and would be wearing khakis and a blue button down shirt. Nikki agreed to meet him and now had to figure out what to wear for the blind date in a few hours.

With butterflies in her stomach Nikki opened her closet doors. An idea was forming and she couldn't help but wonder if she had the nerve to go through with what she was thinking. Why not? She had already taken the first step by responding to Lee's ad so why not make herself feel sexy and attractive for the meeting? Nikki hoped it would bolster her own courage as well.

Nikki chose a loose fitting skirt that stopped a few inches above her knees. She paired that with a sapphire blue silk tank top that set off her titan colored hair and deepened the blue in her blue-grey eyes. As she was closing the closet doors, her eyes fell on the few pairs of shoes she kept there. She paused, then opened the doors wide again. Would it be too much? All of these shoes were high-heeled, each one sexier than the next. Nikki choose the black patent pumps – they would make her calves look great and she could wear her gold anklet.

Next Nikki moved over to her dresser, heading for the drawer containing her sexiest lingerie. She picked out a pair of black lace panties and a black satin corset. The corset would help her posture and provide support for her breasts without her having to worry about slipping bra straps. Lastly she opened a new package of stockings. The stockings would be held up by the garters attached to the corset. Nikki always felt a little bit naughty when she was wearing a corset. Little bit naughty, but a whole lot of sexy too.

Remembering what Lee was going to be wearing, Nikki choose a light cardigan to wear with her outfit to add that casual air. Neutral shades of makeup, with just a little bit extra mascara for those to-die-for lashes and she was almost ready. Nikki added the few pieces of jewelry she was going to wear, applied that glossy lip gloss, then picking up her purse she was ready to go. 

Lee waited patiently for Nikki. The woman that greeted him was far more beautiful than he expected. Shaking hands outside the coffee shop, Nikki felt his strong and confident grip. A comforting sense coursed through her that this is someone trustworthy and caring. Nikki smiled at Lee which he returned. Lee felt very comfortable with her, which rarely happens around perfect strangers. 

He held the door open for Nikki. This gave Lee an opportunity to look Nikki over. He wondered about what she was wearing and whether she dressed that way all the time. After some time arguing, Nikki allowed Lee to pay for the coffees. She could tell that he was quite resistant to have it differently. However, Nikki insisted they agree that she would pay the next time. Lee smiled at the idea of getting another opportunity to see Nikki.

They walked over to a quiet table apart from others. Without the noise of laptops clacking or other people on their phones, the two could get to know each other a bit better. The conversation started with small talk, proceeding into some likes, dislikes and bad habits. Nikki learned that Lee would bite his lip or drum his fingers whenever nervous. She also learned of his enjoyment with both romance and cooking. Nikki's mind skipped ahead & she made a mental note that at some point she would get him to make her a fancy dinner and maybe even give her a massage.

Nikki was checking Lee out as well. She wasn't sure exactly what it was she was looking for, she just knew that when she saw it, she would know. Lee was dressed as he said he'd be – Khaki's and a casual shirt – and Nikki instantly felt comfortable with him. The conversation was easy going and Nikki didn't feel like it was work to keep it flowing. They both enjoyed some of the same activities so that was a bonus. And if Lee liked to cook, well that was all right by her! A man who was comfortable with activities outside of the stereotypical "man" things was a treasure indeed. Nikki shook herself – she was getting way ahead of the game here.

Remembering the ad, Nikki decided to ask Lee about it. Why did place it – what was he looking for? What did he mean by 'willing to play'? Had he received many responses? Why was hers chosen? She was quite nervous so the questions seemed to all spill out at once. When she was done she was a little flushed, but she was leaning towards Lee & there was a sparkle in her eyes.

Lee responded gentlemanly but frankly to her questions. He had been searching many conventional methods for a woman he clicked with – friends would set him up, parties, speed dating, and even some dating services. Yet none could deliver what he was looking for. He wanted a fun, smart, sexy woman to spend time with. Her willingness to play was to weed out those looking only for marriage – not that he was against it, he just wasn't advertising for a bride. Lee was actually quite surprised at the number of responses he'd received to the ad – he'd never counted them but there must have been 60 or 70. 

"Perhaps" Lee told her "it was my romantic nature. There was something about your reply – on one hand so innocent and charming, yet at the same time sensual and alluring. I knew we had to meet in person to find out."

Nikki blushed a little at his answers, but it turned her on too. Sitting there in the secluded area, the two of them discussing some intimate things and her with her corset & stockings ... Nikki was having difficulty sitting still. Could he see how turned on she was? If he could, he didn't give it away.

They stayed at the coffee house for a few hours, getting up every now and again to refresh their beverages. Both of them were enjoying the other's company so much, they did not notice the time fly by. Eventually however, reality intruded. They left the coffee house, and strolled down the street, Nikki's hand resting in the crook of Lee's arm. At the corner they were going different ways, so they paused for goodbyes. For a moment they looked at each other, then Lee put his hand behind Nikki's head and brought her mouth to his for a kiss. As it ended they both knew that this would be just the first of many.

Nikki and Lee kissed for what seemed like hours. Time stopped as their hands run up and down each other's bodies. Nikki felt Lee's hands slide down her back towards her tight ass. He squeezed her cheeks a bit, eliciting a moan from her. Only no one could hear with her tongue dancing wildly in his mouth. She also felt his manhood. Discovery of what was underneath would have to wait for later. The two agreed that it's best to let the relationship develop naturally than to take it too far too quickly.

Breaking the long series of kisses, the two walked toward Nikki's car. They agreed to meet again the next day. Nikki accepted Lee's offer to go out to a restaurant. Lee knew of an outstanding and romantic place where couples can eat outdoors overlooking a lake. The scenery would put anyone in a good mood, and violin players in the restaurant added a romantic feel to the place. The dessert was the best part of the meal with made to order fondue and strawberries. Lee thought how it would be to feed Nikki strawberries before taking a bit himself and serving the rest as part of a long kiss.

Lee walked back to his car thinking that he found someone who had a lot in common with himself. That isn't an easy thing to accomplish due to his high standards, requiring a lot from himself and others. Nikki appeared to accept him that way, which he found a relief.

Arriving back at the house, Lee called Nikki. She was happy he did that. They both said how much they enjoyed getting together and were excited to see each other the next night. Lee complimented Nikki about her attire and informed her that at the restaurant, it isn't uncommon to see men wearing suits. Lee told her he would do that since he didn't want to stand out. They talked for about ten minutes more before he hung up, but not before wishing her a good night.

The next day, Lee woke ready to tackle the day. He got washed and decided to pass the time by working out. While at the gym, he thought about seeing Nikki on an exercise bike talking to him. It gets so boring exercising alone. After about an hour lifting weights and running, he took a shower. Stopping off at the florist on the way home, he picked up a rose for Nikki. 

At home, he caught a nap and did some work on the computer. Noticing the time, Lee hopped in the shower and took a long, hot shower. He washed everywhere. Going out of the shower, he put on a pair of silk boxers, a black suit, white shirt and blue tie. Before leaving he put on some Tommy Hilfiger cologne and called Nikki to tell her that he was on the way. He then grabbed the flower from the florist. A part of him was wondering whether Nikki spent this much time worrying that everything would be well.

Meanwhile Nikki had been agonizing over what to wear. She figured that Lee told her about the usual dress at the restaurant so that she too could dress appropriately & not feel uncomfortable in her surroundings. Knowing that Lee was going to be wearing a suit, Nikki decided to go for a classy look with flair.

Nikki had spent an hour soaking in a hot bath scented with orange essence while trying to decide what to wear. When she was finished with the bath, she dusted her body with a shimmering powder so that her skin would glow in the light – she planned to show as much skin as possible. 

The corset was a must for tonight to help Nikki exude her sexuality. Sheer nude stockings emphasized her legs. Tonight Nikki was going to kick 'naughty' up a notch and chose not to wear any panties. Her skirt tonight was a deep forest green, not tight but form fitting to show off her hips. A little shorter than her last skirt this one came to mid-thigh and Nikki realized she would have to be careful when sitting or getting out of a car. The thought sent a thrill that she felt down to her pussy.

To finish her outfit Nikki chose a short sleeve green top that was so fine it was almost sheer. For shoes she chose her sexiest pair – the high sandals with the ankle strap. Nikki put most of her hair up with tendrils lining her face. Her make up was light except where her eyes were lined with black liner giving them a dramatic effect. Looking at herself in the mirror, Nikki almost didn't recognize the woman staring back at her. Beautiful, confidant and sexy – not only did she look terrific, she felt even better. 

The phone rang – it was Lee telling her he was on the way. Nikki knew it wouldn't take him long to get there. She spritzed herself with an orange-based perfume that made her smell exotic as well. She rinsed her mouth with mouth wash and did some last minute primping. Taking a final look in the mirror she decided this was as good as she would look tonight. She walked thru her bedroom picking up her purse and went to wait for Lee in the living room.

Nikki answered the doorbell when Lee rang. After locking the door she turned to find his arm extended for her to take. Lee had parked outside her building, and he walked with her to the car opening the door. On her seat Nikki saw a single red rose. Nikki picked it up & brushed it gently under her nose inhaling the delicate scent. She looked up at Lee and smiling said thank you before carefully sliding into the seat. Lee closed the door before going around to the driver's side.

Nikki had belted herself in and was concentrating on the rose so she did not see Lee's gaze rest on her legs once he got in the car. When she got into the car, Nikki's skirt had risen up a bit and the beginnings of the stocking tops could be seen. When Lee didn't start the car right away Nikki looked over at him. She turned to where he was staring and saw the stocking tops. Blushing Nikki pulled the hem of the skirt down. 

There was an awkward silence for a few seconds. Lee was composing himself after getting a glimpse that would feed his imagination for the rest of the evening. Nikki was composing herself from her shock when she thought about how much more he could have seen if the skirt had ridden any higher. Nikki squirmed in the seat as her sex became moist at the thought. This was going to be an exciting night.