 I was a nineteen-year-old second lieutenant navigator training for combat with my permanent crew. I was stationed at an airfield on the west coast of southern Florida While the training was exciting, life between training missions was absolutely the most boring imaginable.

After being confined to the base for a month and having all wisdom teeth removed and shots for every disease known injected into our bodies our crew was allowed off the air base.

We of course had the latest anti-venereal disease movies shoved down our throats for two days and lectures from some very young doctors on the dangers of getting "VD" as it was called. At that time VD consisted of mainly Gonorrhea and Syphilis. These were the main diseases. Gonorrhea was called "the clap" I cannot remember if syphilis had a knick name. The pictures of the cocks of infected personnel were unbelievable. These cocks were shown in full color. The sores on each were deep red in the center of the infection and a lighter wet red toward the edges. Stories of infections so bad that cocks actually fell off the body ran rampant. Al Capone supposedly went mad, like crazy, from syph.

Any way to get off the base we had to go through this indoctrination We also were given condoms known then as rubbers and had to show that we had them on our person to get off the base. We also were given street maps of Tampa showing where to get treated if you had intercourse that means had been lucky enough to find a girl and had really fucked her.

As I remember the treatment was mandatory even if you had used a rubber. All the troops were so scared of venereal disease that everyone used a rubber and was treated at a VD station before returning to the base. The treatment consisted of washing your cocks and balls with a special soap followed by being painted with some purple gooey stuff.

Also statistics were taken as to how long ago you completed the sex act and how often you had done it. Some stations tried to get the name and address of your sex partner. Everyone knew that this information was not required and was only asked so a worker might get an easy lay. Sometimes they were lucky.

Anyway there were at least two very large airbases just outside of Tampa with so many men that finding a girl proved to be difficult. In fact to me it seemed impossible. My best friend at the time John and I had been to all the places recommended for locating girls. I was still quite shy about how to approach a girl, but once I got to know them my shyness disappeared rapidly. John on the other hand had no problems with his approach. Best of all he seemed to go after women that seemed ugly to me.

After nearly a month of no girl contact John and I essentially gave up trying so hard. One very hot afternoon we were just in town to get off the base. We decided to stop for a beer in small fashionable bar. We sat at the bar and were gulping down our beers when John started talking to two girls sitting at a table behind us. I hadn't even seen them on the way in and at first didn't even turn around. John had quite a dialog going when one laughed. I knew immediately that this one had the inner warmth of a confident and beautiful woman.

I turned around and made eye contact with a gorgeous dark- haired woman of about my age. We looked each other over quickly and my cock stirred and started up. She almost immediately squirmed turned in my direction and crossed her legs perfectly. Her skirt climbed over her knees and exposed an expanse of bare thigh. My cock continued its climb and we started talking to each other in unintelligible words at an amazing rate. Our sexuality was intense.

John offered to buy the girls a drink and immediately we were told that if the girls accepted we would have to leave. This bar had more than its share of trouble with pick-ups so it established the policy of not allowing any.

John was enamored with the other girl. I thought she was very plain looking, but John saw something that set him off. The girls finished their drinks and with no recrimination at the bar walked out with us. On some of our ensuing dates we would often stop in this particular bar. There was no problem as long as we came together and this place turned out to be our favorite watering hole.

The four of us got along like we were old friends. We ended the night at a very nice club that had a good band for dancing. My "date" Joan was an excellent dancer who moved in close touching my body with hers even on the jitterbug numbers. On the slow dances we were in contact from our cheeks to our knees. My cock was in full hard mode from the time we left the first bar and Joan held my hand.

John seemed to be getting along well with his girl Fran and there was a lot of body contact between them.

I was certain that both girls were ready for some good solid fucking, but had no idea where or when this might happen. When it became time to take the girls' home our first problem arose. It seemed that Joan and Fran were friends from early childhood. In fact they had been neighbors all their lives. They lived miles outside of Tampa in an area accessible only by bus followed by a long walk on a dirt road. Only one light on a pole about half way down the road was visible.

Mostly it was dark. I started kissing Joan as soon as we got of the bus. Her lips felt like two large pillows. She opened her mouth at the prodding of my tongue. Our tongues intertwined. We sucked each other, both getting roaring sexually hot. We walked the road only stopping to kiss and rekindle our sexual fires. 

When we were about three quarters of the way Joan said let' s lie down in the long grass. This was about ten yards off the side of the road. I figured this was it. We would be fucking our heads off by the time we hit the ground. I was very wrong. As we snuggled in the grass, I rubbed my now bursting cock into Joan's crotch. She felt unbelievably soft. When I put my hands on her ass to pull her into me. She suddenly sat up saying no, no, no.

We can't go any farther. My breasts are still leaking. I had never heard of women with leaking tits, but I honored her request and stopped. We sat up and Joan said they will stop leaking soon and I will let you fondle me and maybe suck them if you like.

In all my life I had never had such a promise of future sexual activity. We sat and cuddled and tried to see what John and Fran were doing. There was enough light to see lots of bare skin and motion. Joan called and soon they joined us and we walked the rest of the way to an intersection in the dirt road. We made dates for the end of the week and kissed the girls good night. It took a long time to start leaving. John had his hand up Fran's dress and was doing something with her pussy. She moaned and finally stiffened followed by a fairly loud cry. I was rubbing my cock into Joan, but she kept me away even though she was breathing like she was ready for an orgasm.

Finally we had to go to catch the last bus to Tampa and then to the base. John said that he had Fran bare to the waist and that she had a magnificent body. He was sure they would be fucking very soon. He also told me that Joan was married, but her husband had been killed flying combat with the 8th Air Force.

We started dating these girls on a steady basis. After our third date John and Fran disappeared at the crossroad. I waited for over two hours and finally went home alone. John showed up the next day. He said he and Fran had fucked all night in every position he knew. Her parents were away for several days so he would be at her place all his free time.

If I hadn't mentioned it we usually met the girls in Tampa to make our traveling easier. I thought it was time to meet Joan in her home and at least show her folks that their daughter was going with a respectful human.

Joan's house was a small open bungalow. Her mother let me in. Her father sat in a large upholstered chair across the room. It was obvious that this family never had much money. Their speech, mannerisms and looks all cried out "Florida Crackers". I wondered how they had produced such a beautiful and well-mannered daughter, as Joan.

As I waited for Joan to make an appearance I tried to make small talk with the two strangers in front of me. I got nowhere and the room felt not only chilly but also downright cold.

Finally she came in from somewhere and looking fabulous. Then I noticed she was carrying a baby who was sucking on Joan's left nipple.

This was the first time I had ever seen a nursing baby. It was also the first time I understood that Joan had a baby sired by her dead husband.

I let this double shock roll off my body and without a flinch said; "Joan let me take a look at him." It didn't take much effort to say nice things about this kid. He was a handsome sturdy boy and all conversation centered on him. Joan's parents seemed very proud of him. By the time we left for the evening even Joan's parents seemed nicer. The first thing I said when we got out of earshot was "Joan why didn't you tell me you had a baby." She said I told you my tits were leaking don't you know what that means? I explained how dumb I was.

Joan was concerned that the baby would break up our relationship. We had become quite close even without sex and I assured her it wouldn't. She told me she would be ok in two weeks.

We were having some sort of sexual experiences during this period. As soon as I kissed her or even put my arm around her or just looked into her eyes I would get a gigantic hard on. In fact all the time I was with her I had one. When we started kissing on the final road I would push it into my girl. Usually it didn't take much action before she had some sort of climax.

One night we were sitting on a mound in the long grass and necking the night away. I felt something gently rubbing my outrageously large hard cock through my pants.

She then unzipped my pants and out it popped. "Oh it's big and it's beautiful," she said "Kiss it and suck it, Joan," I urged "I don't do that" my Joanie replied She then pulled on a rubber over my now large cock and with two hands worked it up and down all the while cooing love words to it as if it was alive. It took no time until I was ejaculating in long hard shots into the rubber. "Do you feel better?" she asked. I couldn't answer.

She removed the rubber and threw it away. I did notice that she let a bit drip on her finger and tasted it by sucking her finger when she thought I wasn't looking.

This ritual became our way of saying goodnight. I pleaded with her to suck my cock, but she continued to say she didn't do that. As time went by she seemed to taste more of my cum from the rubber. I had hopes that some day she would drink it from the source.

I always looked forward to my dates with Joan. I felt we might be falling in love. My mind knowing the poor chances of a long-term relationship kept me sane.

As the time approached for me to go overseas I suddenly couldn't get Joan on the phone. There seemed to be a problem with a connecting line Three days before shipping out. I went to a joint in a place I remember as Silver Springs. This place was really jumping and had two live bands one country and one swing. I had no girl but plenty were available for dancing if you were careful and didn't choose some guy's steady.

As the night wore on I saw this beauty that looked just like Joan only much larger. We danced like crazy until near the end of the floor we ran into my girl, Joan. Her face went ash white and she ran outside. I went after her and in the third row of cars I found her sitting on the running board of a truck. She was crying so hard she was shaking. My dance partner was Joan's cousin, a lifetime rival.

Putting my arms around her I explained the problems with the phone. About the fourth time my message seemed to get through and Joan started calming down. With tears still dripping down her face she looked at me and said "Oh Bill, I love you so much and you hurt me."

What do I say?

"Joan I love you too", came tripping from my mouth. We started kissing and I think we both felt great. Joan said, "My tits don't leak any more"

Her square cut dress top was at her waist and her bra beside me on the running board as if time had stood still.

In all my life I had never seen such beautiful breasts. They flowed down from Joan's upper body in two large symmetrical globes. The nipples were protruding at about the height of her upper muscle and were of indescribable pink color.

I kissed the upper portions of her tits and couldn't help licking them Suddenly the whole of one nipple was inside my mouth. My hand gently played with the other. Her nipples protruded straight out longer than I had ever seen before and Joan was moaning and wiggling almost uncontrollably.

She was rubbing my prick through my pants. She finally took it into the fresh outdoors and was experimenting by tasting my pre cum with the tip of her tongue. I sat back allowing her some maneuvering room.

She seemed mesmerized by the head of my cock.. Slowly she started licking it and then unexpectedly the whole head was in her mouth. She was moaning and sucking and jerking it with her hands. 

I put my hand on her bare knee and her legs opened wide. I slid my hand up her inner thigh until I touched the panty area covering her pussy. Joan was dripping wet. I decided to taste her too. With practically no effort on my part, her panties were off and in my pocket. At that point I started to cum in large loads into her mouth. Joan swallowed as fast as she could and got rid of most of it except some dripping off her chin. She wiped these off with the tip of her finger and put it into her mouth, moving it in and out with a fucking motion.

Even after getting rid of a huge amount of semen, my cock was still hard. I was still sexually hot as never before in my life.

I kneeled between her legs and came face to face with her large hair covered pussy. I had never found my face so close to a girl's cunt before and wondered what I was doing there. I did not dwell on this and I started licking her open slit immediately with no thought of how to do it correctly. Her cunt smelled sweet and musky and for the moment was the only odor in the whole world for me.

Her lubricating cum tasted so sweet I just lapped it as it came out of her body. I didn't know what else to do.

Joan got so excited she started to wiggle and buck and had a magnificent orgasm when my exited tongue licked her clitoris. Her juices flowed into my mouth. 

The taste cannot be described but I thought it was fantastic .It put her identity into my brain forever 

The party started breaking up so we put ourselves together held each other kissing and expressing our love in any way we could in the middle of the exiting crowd.

I set up a date for the night before I was to leave Tampa to start the long dangerous trip to the zone of combat in Europe.

Our last night together was etched into my mind. Joan's parents were very nice to me, probably because I would be leaving the next day. How could they not know that there would be another man within a very short time?

We first had a couple of drinks at the bar where we met and then were off to a club. The owner was a friend of Joan's and was one of sleaziest people I had ever met. Our evening was free however so a little sleaze was ok. Joan looked radiant. Her dress was off the shoulders with a deep v opening down the front. Her breasts were magnificent and all men walking by our table tried to get a better look. The dress ended at her knees with a small flair. She sat with her legs crossed and the skirt rode above her knees. 

We had a picture taken and I kept it for years. I think my mother threw it away after I got married. Joan had her hand on my thigh about mid point. This touch and her beauty kept my cock in maximum attention all evening. I am not sure, but there is a strong possibility that the bulge in my crotch was shown in the picture.

Every so often Joan would whisper in my ear and ask if what I said about loving her was true. Each time I would answer yes. As we became more intoxicated I would say yes and give her a short kiss with my tongue in her mouth of course. As the evening got late the kisses became long and passionate. Joan had her hand on my cock and mine was on her pussy. . It felt large, and was dripping through her panties. I was rubbing my hand from the soft skin of her inner thigh to her cunt, which I would grab and rub. At one point Joan put her head on the table. She shuddered and her body shook. Then she let out a loud cry. of joy. As she calmed she put each hand on the side of my face and said, "That was the best orgasm I have ever had. Don't stop Billy, please."

Similar scenes were happening all over the club, which had dimmed the lights as the evening wore on and now, was almost dark I almost came in my pants and had to push Joan's hand away. . Finally we had to leave. About half a mile before our stop we were the only two on the bus. I was rubbing Joan's very wet and hot pussy and she was fingering the head of my extremely large and hard cock. Our tongues caressed, each saying in their own way "I want to fuck you."

We managed to get off the bus and started up the long dirt road. Our very hot bodies clung together at every other step. Joan took off her shoes to walk along the road and when my hand pulled off her panties so I could touch her bare cunt Joan got weak in the knees and almost fell down. She had a big orgasm and clung to me as it washed over her.

After her second orgasm Joan had to sit on a large rock to get back her strength She made an attempt to suck my cock but was too weak for a good job.

Finally we were at the cross road that lead to her house. She clung to me and said; "Oh Bill I want you to fuck me so much, but we have no place to go" Joan had my cock out of my pants and kept playing with it and I had a hand down the front of her dress playing with a nipple. "Fuck me" "Fuck me " was screaming from our bodies

All this was happening in front of her grandmother's house, a bungalow similar to her parent's. In front of this house was a very large pine tree with low branches spreading in a circle of at least nine feet in diameter.

"Joan", I said "I think I have found our place" I looked under the lowest branches into a cozy pine covered opening. The floor was covered deep with pine needles. I took off my jacket and put it on the ground under the tree. Then I asked Joan to take a look. She gasped, "It's perfect. No one will ever see us."

She crawled in, pulled off her bra lowered her dress to her waist and pulled up her skirt. I took off my pants outside and crawled into the spread legs of my love. I was starting to kiss her wet and hot pussy, but Joan wanted and needed to be fucked. I slipped on a rubber and was placing my cock in position to enter her wide-open cunt when Joan pulled me into her. I slipped in all the way and Joan wrapped her bare legs around my body and started thrusting her pussy at my willing hard cock. We worked hard for each other and reached a perfect rhythm. Her cunt expanded so much that my cock sometimes would pull out altogether and yet find her hole on the next thrust

We thrashed around and then seemed to slow down. We were about to come and it looked like it would be together. Joan began to make yipping sounds each yip getting louder, while I started noises sounding like a locomotive. Her cunt juices were a perfect lubrication. As we came I had to put my hand over Joan's mouth to keep the noise level down She did the same to me. I collapsed on top of her, and then slid to the side. We held each other close telling of our love and fell asleep but only for a short time. I awoke with a very large prick and it was in Joan's mouth. She was licking it with her tongue but concentrating on the head. I showed her how to take my cock in her mouth and very deep into her throat. Her ass was near my shoulder so I put my hands between her soft resilient cheeks and found her ass hole. Slowly I pushed a finger into it. Joan gasped a little but didn't say anything. Soon she was wiggling around and moving my finger in and out. She was still working on my prick, which had grown larger than I could ever remember. 
