 Do you remember your biggest orgasm ever? One that still sticks in your mind and makes your toes curl?

Surprisingly enough, mine was with a man I never saw again after that incredible night. As I allow myself the luxury of remembering that evening, my breath still catches in my chest, my heart flutters, and God yes, my body comes alive.

I was in my early twenties. I was with my parents on vacation in Daytona Beach where my Dad was doing business.

The days were usually spent sitting out by the pool at the hotel with my Mom. By myself after she had had enough sun. The very first day, I met the hotel maintenance man. He was busy working on the pool. His name was Otis. It got to be a daily ritual to see and speak with him. He was a good looking southern gentleman. Being from the North, I loved hearing that Southern Drawl. Because he was always on the move all over the property, I would see him maybe 10-15 times a day. In the matter of just days, we became quite comfortable with each other. I found him attractive, yes, but there was not what I would call "chemistry" at least on my part.

Every night, when my Dad was done with his business, we would meet for a cocktail in the lounge, then go some where nice for dinner. We would try and catch a show or other entertainment, then come back and call it an early night as my Dad had to work again in the morning.

This was fine for the first few days. But I was getting a little antsy for some "night life."

I happened to mention this to Otis. I asked him if he knew of a spot where I would feel comfortable and safe going by myself. Somewhere not to far from the hotel.

He gave me the names and directions to a few places. He also explained that they had very strict rules about fraternizing with the guests, or he would love to take and show me around.

On my second to the last day, Otis told me about a friend of his that was having a big party. He explained that if we just "met" there, then he wouldn't get in trouble at the hotel. So he gave me directions, and we agreed to meet outside the condominium where his friend lived.

I insisted on driving the rental car, so I would have my own transportation if I was not comfortable. We met. It was a beautiful place. His friend obviously did well for himself.

As we approached his condo, I could hear music and laughter. It instantly put me in a very festive mood. He opened the door without knocking, explaining that they were like brothers.

The place was beautiful. Big wide open floor plan, with 2 levels, both walking out on to huge decks. 

We were there for sometime, milling around. Otis seemed to know everyone, and was a delightful escort.

I had chosen to wear a light yellow sun dress. After a week of sunbathing my skin was a golden brown, and my already blonde long hair was showing even more light high lights from the sun. I knew I looked good. Every head we walked next to, turned.

We had just made our way thru the crowd and to the bar area when I first saw him. He stood at least a half a foot over most men in the room. His hair was dark brown, his shoulders; broad and wide. He turned and looked toward us giving me the first glimpse of the most wonderful smile, and beautiful brown eyes. A goatee framed his full lips. 

I had the luxury of having a minute to study him before he knew he was the object of my gaze. As large of a man as he was, he moved with grace and certainty. He immediately spotted Otis. He started to yell "HEY BRO......." when our eyes met each other for the first time.

I had read about chemistry like that, but never felt it before. There was an instant magnetism, drawing me in. I could not look away, not that I wanted to. We stared at each other walking closer to close the distance between us. Our eyes never leaving each other. I felt him studying me. I studied back.

Poor Otis obviously noticed it to, as he cleared his throat and coughed a few times. I was oblivious to everything else around me, except for this big powerful man that I felt like I had known all my life.

Otis broke our gaze by introducing us. His name was Dennis. He reached out and took my hand, gently kissing the back of it, telling me how pleased he was to meet me.

From that minute on, we never left each others side. We talked, laughed, joked. Although he was the host, his time was spent totally on me. 

He had to excuse himself to use the mens room. Before he walked away, I took his hand, opened up his palm, placed a very wet full kiss on the sensitive spot in the middle of his hand. I folded it up as if to capture the kiss, and sent him on his way.

While he was walking back toward me. Once again our eyes met. We just watched each other, locked in each others gaze. He walked to me, reached out and offered his hand, said nothing, just beckoned me to come with him.

I followed him out onto the beach. It was beautiful. Miles and miles of white sand. Stars in the sky. The moon acting like a night light. As we neared the waters edge, he leaned down and kissed me for the first time. It felt as though he reached down my throat and took my heart right along with the kiss.

We stood there for the longest time, lost in each other. Kissing, hands going everywhere. Both of us so eager to explore each others bodies.

As he pressed forward into me, I could feel his hardness pressing on my stomach. He was huge. I could tell even through his jeans that he was going to be the biggest I had ever encountered.

I started to say something about "being missed from the party," when he "shushed" my lips with his finger and then another kiss.

Our tongues danced and played with each other as we sank down into that soft fluffy sand.

He leaned over me, looking into my eyes, telling me how beautiful I was. 

Our hands tore at each others clothes, oblivious to the fact that we were outside on the world famous beach.

When I saw his erection for the first time, I literally gasped. He was so magnificent. Seeing the outline of him in the moonlight, was incredible. He was at least 10" long, and thick.

He saw the look of doubt on my face. His fingers found there way between my legs. In seconds he had erased my doubt of being able to take his giant member, to one of wanting to. Having to.

He had me so wet. I was literally squirming beneath him, trying to find relief. I was trying to get closer and closer to him, but I knew at that point there would only be one way to get close enough. 

That was to have him inside me.

He spread my legs with his big legs. Moved between my legs. His huge arms reached down and under me, lifting my ass toward him. He reached through my legs to spread my lips.

In one shifting motion, his huge head was pushing at my wanting hole. I felt my skin begin to stretch to accommodate him. I reached down and grabbed his long shaft, urging it inside of me.

"Easy girl, we need to take this nice and slow" he said to me.

I could not define the feeling between pain or exquisite pleasure as I tried to open more and more for him.

I could feel his hand holding my ass to him underneath me. I felt him pressing me closer. The sensation of being filled to my maximum capacity was taking me to a level I had never been.

I wanted to be fucked by this huge cock. But he was intent on giving it to me, just small inches at a time. 

Once again I pushed my hips forward. Causing several wonderful inches to slide into my tight hole.

That's when it occurred to me. As full as it feels for me, it is as tight for him. I could tell by the look on his face, that it felt very very good for him. He had that wild, consumed by passion, just on the edge of out of control look as both of us adjusted again to a few more inches.

We were in a passionate kiss when I came the first time on about 4 inches of that huge cock.

He moaned out loud as he felt my pussy spasming around his head and part of his shaft.

The wetness from my orgasm served as more lubricant to get even more of his cock. I could feel moisture dripping between my legs. It was running down the crack of my ass and into his awaiting hand.

I felt him start to work this wetness around my ass.

I had recovered from the quakes of my orgasm and was ready for more.

This time,he pulled back from the kiss we were in and said "I hope your ready for this big cock baby, because I can't control it any more."

"Oh God YES PLEASE" I eagerly responded.

With that,he thrusted the remaining inches inside me. It slid in with little resistance.

I have never felt anything so glorious then having my little fuck hole filled with such a huge cock.

We began moving together, back and forth. 

I could feel the sensation of another orgasm building. This was coming somewhere from deep deep within. I had never experienced an orgasm so deep inside me before. This huge cock was rubbing places and finding sensations no one had ever touched before.


His hand under my ass, was not lifting me into his thrusts, still playing in the wetness that was dripping from my pussy.

I was on a level with him as we locked eyes once again.

"Cum with me lover" was all he said.

He parted my ass cheeks with his hand underneath me. I felt his fingers on my asshole. It was so wet, he had no problem penetrating my tight virgin ass. He slid his middle finger deep up my ass and began finger fucking my ass to the same rhythm that huge cock was sliding in deeper and deeper to my pussy.

As the most incredible orgasm crested, I could do nothing but hold on to his shoulders, half trying to sit up, half being pinned by him. I held his eyes and he nodded in encouragement. I nodded back as we both were lost in what was going to be a life altering moment.

I felt the head of that huge cock swell, filling my stretched to capacity pussy, even more.

I screamed as the emotion and pleasure ripped through my body.

There was a period of time when I didn't know if it was my moans and screams or his as he pumped loads and loads of hot cum into my cumming fuck hole, his finger still buried in my ass.

As it subsided, we laid there under the stars and moon, in each others arms. There was no need for words. We had said it all to each other with our incredible love making.

We made love several more times that night on the beach. None of them comparing to that first time.

As the sun was coming up over the ocean. We stood up, dressed ourselves, and headed back to his condo.

At my car, we exchanged words of lovers, promises of some how keeping in touch, yet both knowing 1500 miles would separate us in less then a day.

I hold with me the memory of the biggest cock I have yet to see or have the pleasure of having.