 It was Christmas Eve. He looked at his watch as it reflected the lights of the tree that glowed brightly with many different lights. The watch was a gift that his fiancé gave him last year, before they were officially engaged. He changed the band of it multiple times in the year, but he kept the timepiece close to his heart. It was engraved on the back, and the words, "To my Matthew, with all the love in my heart, Dana," gave him the courage to give her the wedding ring on New Years. This would be the first Christmas they would be together as a happily engaged couple and they were more then likely going to be late to the company banquet. Palanski Advertising just received the account of one of the largest companies in the tri-city area, thanks to Matt's wheeling and dealing. He was going to be able to give a grand life to his fiancé. After the years of struggle after they both finished college, they were finally going to make it big. He didn't mind being late, but there was a fine line between being fashionably late and rude.

"Honey," he called out, "Are you almost done? We need to be there by eight o'clock."

Matt looked at his image in the mirror. He didn't look bad although he hated wearing these monkey suits. His dark hair was combed back, keeping his bangs out of his dark eyes. For someone that didn't work more then his brain on a regular basis, he looked fit and trim in his black tuxedo with black vest, for he hated those cover-bun. He adjusted the white rose on his lapel when he noticed her reflection in the mirror.

She came into the room, to him an image of perfection. Her blonde hair was piled high on her head. Her green eyes shone brightly even over the reflections of the various Christmas lights that were strung around the perfection. He was glad that he let her talk him into decorating his place. The soft lights showered her magnificently. Her long black dress was tight on the torso and hips, but hung loosely down to the ankles. A pair of black heels and a black handbag made her look like a work of art.

"Let's go," she said as she hurried out the door. He didn't have time to even open the door she started out so quickly. She had been a little bit distant to him the past couple of days. He figured it was a female thing and that she'd get over it.

The ride to the party was a short one, as he had the pedal to the floor most of the way there. He tried to make conversation but Rachael just stared out the window of the Saturn. They pulled into hotel parking lot and handed the key over to the valet.

"Dana honey," Matt asked her, "You're being awfully quiet, are you okay?"

"I'm fine," she said to him as they walked into the large, almost ball like dining hall. The walls had a red velvet coat to them, and the motif was continued with red tablecloths. Holly and mistletoe were hung over the room, giving people the opportunity to catch that kiss they always wanted to catch. There we're people dancing in the center of the dining hall and everyone was making merry. Laughter echoed through the hall as Christmas music came from the live band.

"Matt! Matt Sanders!" shouted a voice, Mr. Palanski is who it belonged too. He tried to wave Matt over, but Matt wanted to stay with Dana so she didn't go too out of place. He was talking to the people from Murray Automobile Company, the states leader in car sales. It also turned out to be the account that Matt pulled in for them.

She seemed to notice his dilemma, "Go see him, I'm going to get something to drink," she said kissing his cheek, "I'll be fine." 
"Are you sure?" He asked. 
"I understand you need to show your face, go!" she said pushing him in that direction.

"If you insist," he thought. Normally she wasn't that insistent about these things. He went over to his boss and got down to his mingling. Mr. Palanski kept dragging him around from place to place. It seemed not only were workers here, but clients were also wandering around too. It was almost like he wanted to rub in one of his hardest working employees that brought in the most profit. He looked at the watch on his wrist and thought of Dana. He looked around, the large red room and couldn't find her.

"You have to excuse me sir," Matt said, "I need to go find my fiancé, she's been a bit under the weather lately."

"By all means then," said Mr. Palanski. Palanski laughed a jolly laugh. He would be coming out to the party later as Santa Claus. For an old guy that ran the company, he sure liked to do his fair share to make the employees know that he could be approached. Rumor has it that anyone brave enough to ask Santa for a raise normally got it. He grinned to himself and thought Dana could probably get him a nice one. He put that aside and looked around. 
You would have thought that it would be easy to find a woman in a black dress while in a red room. He found out otherwise. Diners were all over, mostly wearing black. The wait staff was also set in black dresses and black suits. Women primarily wore black, red, white, and green. There wasn't a sad face in the crowd. He noticed a doorway and exited through it. It turned out he stepped out onto a balcony. He noticed her looking out at the stars. He walked behind her and wrapped his arms around her.

She pulled away. This wasn't like her at all.

"Honey," he said, "Are you okay? You've been acting strange."
 She sighed. He knew that this wasn't going to be good for some reason. He always feared the worst because normally it wasn't bad and he would feel relieved. 
"I came here tonight because I didn't want to have a scene," she started. 
Uh oh, he thought, this was bad. 
"Last week, I cheated on you," she said taking the diamond ring off her finger, "and I liked it. Before you ask who it was, I'm not going to tell you. Primarily because you don't know the person."

He was stunned. He didn't know what to say, so he let her continue. 
"I knew though that I couldn't live this way anymore. Matthew, I love you, but I would keep causing you pain. I don't think that it's wise that we get married. I need to find myself, and I can't find myself being tied down to a relationship," She walked over and put the ring in his hand. His mouth was still open wide in shock. She kissed him on the cheek, and he could see that her eyes were wet, "I'm sorry." She said as she dashed off the balcony. It took him a minute to get his senses, and he followed. Once again he seemed lost in the red and black room, and finally made it out of the room. He took the elevator downstairs and walked out of the front of the hotel. He noticed the valet and flagged him down.

"Did you see a blonde woman in a long black dress come through here?" He said. 
"Yes sir," he said, "I flagged her a cab. She seemed upset. I recognized her when you two came in. She told me if anyone was following her to tell them to stay here to keep your face shown. Something about she didn't want to ruin your job for you."

Matt looked down at his feet and sighed, "Thank you," he said and gave the valet a tip anyway before he headed back to the party, dejected.

The party finally had a sad face in the room. He picked at some food but he didn't really eat. Mr. Palanski tried to send him home, but Matt made something up about his fiancé insisting that he stayed. He sat at the bar for the rest of the time, occasionally talking with co-workers that stopped by.

He looked down at his drink. He wasn't sure if it was 7up, Sprite, or a ginger ale. He didn't feel like drinking at this time. All he needed was to get a DUI on the way home. 
"Can I get you anything sir," a female voice said behind him. He turned around and noticed white sparkling teeth. The set of teeth belonged to a female that couldn't even be twenty one years old. She was wearing what most of the female servers were wearing, a long sleeve button down, black silk blouse, and a knee length black pleated skirt. She walked around to the other side of the bar and put her tray down.

"You don't look like you belong here," she said, "the other people around here seem happy, you look like you lost your best friend."

"I did," he said. She seemed familiar, but that could just be because women her age just seem to be familiar. She had thick brown hair going down to her shoulders. Standing behind the bar he couldn't really tell what she looked like below the waist, but her upper half seemed nicely proportioned. Her brown eyes gleamed as bright as her smile did. She didn't seem to have any makeup, but had a couple of freckles that were sprinkled along her face, "Want to talk about it to a total stranger?" she replied in a cute sort of way that actually brought a slight smile to his face. 
"Ah ha!" she said triumphantly, "We might have a breakthrough!" 
He sighed though. He still felt crushed. It felt wrong to smile while being crushed.

"You did lose your best friend didn't you," she said. She looked around the room and started to wash her hands behind the bar, "You need to get this out of your system before you explode. Do you have a car?"

"Yes," he said, "Why?"
 "Because we are leaving," she said, "What better way to get a problem out with someone you may never see again."

She exited the bar area and passed him by. He couldn't help but look behind her and notice the firm behind and long athletic legs. He continued to sit at the bar, causing her to turn around and tug at his bow tie. 
"I'm not kidding. The walls might be red, but if you explode in this room it's going to be a messy cleanup," she said almost dragging him out of the room by his tie. He finally regained his composure enough to leave the building on his own accord. A valet came up to him and took his ticket, and went to retrieve the car. 
"So, who was she? A girlfriend?" the young lady at his side asked.

"She was my fiancé, how did you know it was a female?" he countered.

"People with the look on your face only have that look if their dog died or they are dumped by a female they love," she replied. The Saturn pulled up and the valet opened the doors for them. He didn't believe what he was doing. Maybe having a couple of cups of coffee would do him good, and then he might be able to talk some sense into Dana tomorrow. He started out, driving slowly, and looked over at his companion. Any other time he might have flirted with his traveling companion, but he didn't feel the urge. He started to explain a few things, like how they met, and how long they were together. He could tell his companion was listening as she was nodding in right places. She then placed a hand on his knee and that gave him a jolt. 
"Things will be alright," she said, "Thank you for trusting me enough to listen to your story."

"You know," he replied, "I pretty much told you my story, you're in my car, and you're on my way to my apartment. I just now realized that I didn't know your name."

"Kimberly," she said, "but my friends, or complete strangers that I hardly know call me Kimber."

Her hand stayed there throughout the ride to his apartment. They got out of the car and continued the conversation. By the time they got into the apartment he already told her that Dana only came to the reception to break up with him. He took off his jacket and tuxedo shirt, to reveal a black collared t-shirt underneath. Comfort was his game, and if he was going to be in his own place, he was going to be comfortable.

Kimber had no problem making herself comfortable. She walked over to the couch and sat down in the recliner, kicking off her high heeled shoes. He noticed then that her legs were smooth, without stockings. Her toenails were painted black as he removed his own shoes and sat down in his recliner to continue to have the conversation. He found out she was an employee of the caterer of the party, who happened to be a friend of Mr. Palanski himself. Throughout the conversation, she got up from the chair, and moved to the couch. The minutes seemed to go by as she got closer to him, and the next thing that hit him was her lips caressing his. He fell into the moment, but then tensed up and escaped. 
"I can't do…." He started. He was answered only with a fingertip to his lips. 
"Shhhhh…." She said to him, "consider this a Christmas present. No one should be in pain for the holidays." 
She started to kiss him, and he kissed back, feeling guilty the whole time. He rubbed his hands over her back, and caressed the ass of the twenty year old female. He felt even guiltier that his body was responding to her kiss. It was soft, yet aggressive. Her small hand unbuttoned his pants. She paused from kissing him for a moment to yank them off fully. She straddled his lap and started to kiss him again. He felt at his groin a wetness, and realized that she was embedding herself onto him. She felt tight around his shaft as she put both hands on his shoulders and started to ride him. 
He looked up at the young goddess that was riding him. Her eyes were closed in concentration as she continued to ride him. Her cunt seemed to squeeze his shaft in a rhythmic pattern. He slid a hand under her skirt and found out she just moved her panties aside and entered him. His heart was not into this young thing throwing herself at him, so he removed her.

She opened her eyes and looked down at him, and kissed him with more passion this time. She seemed to whisper into his mouth the words, "Let go," and started to remove her blouse. He didn't want to let go. He kissed her back though. She stopped and looked at him. 
"Think about it this way," she said, "She fucked someone else, and she enjoyed it. She enjoyed it enough to dump you. Why should she go out fucking guys with you carrying her heart on your sleeve. Even if you don't have another moment after tonight, take this moment as liberation. Now relax and enjoy."

She pulled off his t-shirt and ran her hands down his chest, kissing her way down south. He closed his eyes and tried to enjoy it. He even tried to imagine it was Dana doing the work, but he couldn't keep that picture. 
"Your so hot," Kimber said, "I don't know why the woman let you go."

She mmmm'ed and gasped her way until she reached his genitalia, first licking each of his balls and then kissing his way up his cock. He gasped lightly as the kisses were more like her lips wrapping around the sides, with the tip of her tongue slithering along. Soon the she enveloped the head of his penis into her mouth and started a downward path. Her tongue circled around it rapidly, until he felt like he got to the back of her throat, and then groaned as she pushed him passed. He knew that he couldn't pretend now, as Dana could never take him this far without choking. Kimber looked up and grinned the best she could with a mouthful of his shaft in her mouth, and started to rapidly bob her head up and down his length. He tried his best to hold on but she wasn't going to let him. She took him out of his mouth and wrapped her fingers around him.

"Look at me," she said. He didn't want to. He felt guilty about this, he was enjoying himself, but a part of him felt like he was cheating on Dana. 
"I said look at me," the young woman at his feet said more firmly. He looked down at her with almost a sinister, yet sexy look in her eyes.

"I want you to watch you shoot your load on my face….keep them open…think of this as therapy," she said licking at his cock on occasion. He felt himself rise up even more as she kneaded his balls in her hand. He slipped his hands down and pushed the blouse off of her shoulders, which allowed him to see a bit of her cleavage. 
She stopped, and removed the blouse and her black bra. She laid down near the Christmas tree, and motioned him over. He followed like a wounded puppy as she took his cock into her mouth again, getting it all sopping wet with her saliva. 
"I want you to fuck my tits," she said out loud. Matt blinked rapidly. This young girl seemed to transform into a slut before his eyes. She grabbed the head of his cock, and brought it to her tits, and he started his own motion between the breasts. She put her hand down between her legs and started to finger herself.

"Yeah, fuck my titties," she said out loud, "give me the gift of your cum on my face, make me cum shooting your load on in my mouth."

Her dirty talk seemed to get to him. She wanted him so badly, he was going to give it to her, he grabbed his cock and yanked it, the first shot hitting her square on the tip of her pert nose. She quickly grabbed his cock and aimed it so it went in and around her mouth. He hadn't had an orgasm like that since…. 
The last time Dana talked dirty to him. He was overwhelmed with guilt again for a brief moment, but then thought to hell, he was going to try to have some fun tonight. 
"Where is your bathroom so I could get cleaned up," she asked.

"You're leaving already?" he asked wide eyed.

"Darling. Tonight has just begun," Kimber said. He led her to the bedroom which had an adjoining bath. 
"You get into bed," she said, "I'll be right back."

He listened to her. If this young thing was going to throw her body at him, he was going to accept it. If Dana was able to be with another man without a problem while they were together, he shouldn't have a problem with being with a woman while they were apart. He heard water running in the bathroom as he laid back and closed his eyes. The door to the bathroom open and a light went over him. He turned to see Kimber's silhouette. She got down to her hands and knees and crawled over to him like a cat that was getting ready to pounce on it's prey. Her naked body climbed over him and she looked down, caressing his shoulders and arms, and stopping at his watch.

"What's this?" she said as she took the watch off of his wrist. The only time he ever took it off was when he was taking a shower. She read the inscription out loud "To my Matthew, with all the love in my heart, Dana. How sweet. I bet she didn't realize she was going to smash your heart to bits," she said as she dropped the watch off to the side. He chose not to hear her as he flipped her over onto her back. 
"Ooo…looks like I got some sense into you," she said as he moved some dark hair out of her eyes. He kissed her roughly on the lips, and started to kiss his way down her body. He massaged her breasts, alternating in-between both of her nipples, biting down on them causing pleasurable yelps from his new female friend. She moaned with approval as he started to lick down her body, circling her navel, sliding his hands down her hips and over her legs until he got to her sex. He pushed her knees up to her head, and decided it was time to eat since he didn't do much at the reception. He slid his hands over the undersides of her knees, and dove his face into her awaiting folds. 
"Mmmmm……" was all that Kimber could say as he started to part her folds with his tongue. He ran his tongue up and down her folds, it rolling over her clit gently as he started to apply more pressure to his tongue work. She was responding in kind, grinding her hips up at his face a bit more he parted her folds to get full access. He dove his tongue deep inside of her, scraping her inner walls while his nose started to tap at the head of her clit. She oh'ed and ahh'ed with every tap as his tongue circled around her hole.

"Oh god," she said, "Keep doing that. It feels so good," as he continued his handiwork. He knew that she was getting close and decided to hurry things up. He wrapped his lips over her clit, and applied suction, his tongue rapidly flicking over it. He took two fingers and inserted them deeply into her. The results were immediate as she started to shake over the bed.

"OH gods…" she cried out, "oh gods…keep doing that….oh think it, oh yeah. This hot young woman getting pleased by you, wanting you to feel good about you, as that wench went off and broke your heart, and OH GOD…..shattered your……your….." she started to pant rapidly and started to shriek loudly, "OH god I'm CUMMING! AHHHHHHH!" 
