 "This is why I love traveling at night.", I said to myself as I went speeding down Interstate 10, heading east through the state of Texas. It was almost 4:00 am., the temperature was perfect, and the stars were twinkling brilliantly through the moon roof. The area that I was crossing wasn't very populated. At this hour of the morning, I had only seen a handful of cars on the highway.

I was on my way to interview for a new job in east Texas, and my optimism was running high. This would be a wonderful opportunity for me to start a new life. I was a little nervous about the prospect of moving to a new city where I didn't know a soul, but the job was challenging, it seemed that I had a good shot at it, and the money was definitely right. I couldn't think of any reason not to take it.

I drove on for a good while, until I spotted something in the distance. As I drew nearer, I realized that there was a man standing in the middle of the road. "What's someone doing in the road way out here?", I asked myself, out loud. Now, I know better than to stop on the highway, but there was something about this man that told me that it was okay. He was dressed professionally, and standing in the middle of the road trying desperately to flag me down. He didn't appear the least bit menacing, but I decided to be careful, none-the-less. As I pulled my little Eclipse to the side of the road, I rolled the windows up partway and locked the doors. 

"Thanks for pulling over!" He said with a relieved smile. "My car broke down, and I'm supposed to be at a meeting at 6:30 this morning. As luck would have it, the battery on my cell phone is dead, too. There is no way that I'm gonna make it to the meeting on time. I've been standing out here for a while, but there hasn't been much traffic." 

"I have a cell phone that you can use." I said, and I handed him my phone through the partially open car window.

"Thanks. I'll call my boss and let him know that I'm going to be late for my meeting." He said as he took the phone from me.

He placed the call, telling his boss what happened, while I sized him up. He seemed harmless enough. He was also very handsome. He was kind of tall and slender, with blonde hair, beautiful eyes, and an easy smile. I remember thinking that he looked a bit uncomfortable with the shirt and tie that he wore, thinking that this wasn't his style of choice, but something he wore because of his line of work. My mind drifted to what he would look like in a pair of jeans, and then to what he would look like without that pair of jeans.

"Thanks for the use of your phone." His voice cut into my thoughts, making me jump. "I don't suppose I could ask another favor? There is a town about 30 miles up the road that has a garage with a wrecker. You think I could bum a ride? I mean if it isn't too much trouble."

"I don't normally pick up strangers, but if you are sure that you aren't some sort of serial killer.... Hop in." I said with a smile, and unlocked the car doors.

"Great, give me just a second to grab my briefcase."

He walked over to his car, retrieved his gear, secured the car, and walked back over to my car. I unlocked the car as he approached. "You might want to put that stuff in the back. These little sports cars don't have a lot of room up front." I said as pulled the release for the hatchback. He put his stuff in the back, and climbed into the passenger seat, loosening his tie at the same time.

"My name is Tom." He said, with an outstretched hand.

"I'm Linda, nice to meet you Tom. I replied, shaking his hand.

We spent the next 30 miles making small talk. When we reached the small town, he gestured toward the garage that faced the main street. I pulled the car in and parked, and waited while he went in to talk to the mechanic. 

A few minutes later he came out and said, "The guy says that he can go out and get my car in a few minutes, but that it will be tomorrow before he will have the time to do anything with it. I guess I'm going to have to find a place to stay until then."

"Or, you could leave your car with him, and I could give you a ride to your meeting. Being late would be better than not showing up at all, right?" I said.

"You really wouldn't mind?", He asked.

"Actually, I left myself a few extra days, before my interview, to check out the area. Maybe you could give me some suggestions on what to do around here. And tomorrow, we could make the drive back out here and see about your car."

"Wow, that's really nice of you. I haven't lived out here that long, and I work a lot of hours, but maybe we could go exploring together." He said.

"Then lets get you to your meeting."

We drove on together, exchanging stories. I really enjoyed his company. He was intelligent, and funny, and more than a little sexy. I dropped him off at his meeting, and he wasn't even very late when he got there. I gave him my cell phone number, and set out looking for a place to stay for the night. 

I found a quaint little motel, and checked in. I unloaded my gear from the car, and got settled into the room. As I was looking at my suitcase, I realized that when I had picked Tom up on the side of the road, he had left his luggage in his car. I decided that he wouldn't be comfortable in his work clothes that evening, and went in search of a store to pick up a few things that he might need that night. 

I picked out a pair of jeans and a gray T-shirt that looked like they would fit. The shoes were a little harder, not knowing his size, so I just estimated as best I could. I picked up some socks, and since I didn't know what he was partial to sleeping in, a pair of silk boxers, gray to match the shirt. I also picked up a toothbrush and a few other incidentals.

I went back to the room and took a shower and changed my clothes. I had just finished getting dressed when my cell phone rang. It was Tom, telling me that his meeting had broken up early. I told him that I would be there to pick him up shortly.

When I got to where the meeting was, he was waiting outside for me. As he got into the car, I gave him the package with the new clothes I had bought for him. 

"What's this?" He asked. 

"I hope you don't mind, but I realized that you left all your stuff in your car this morning, so I took the liberty of picking up a few things I thought you could use. I had to guess on the sizes, though. I hope they are okay."

"I hadn't even thought of that!" 

"I don't know where you were planning on staying tonight, but I found this cute little motel and got a room."

"I had reservations at a hotel, but it is pretty far away. It would probably be easier if I just get a room in the same motel where you're staying." He said.

"Well, then let's get you checked in and we can have some dinner."

By the time that he had showered and changed, the sun was almost down. The sky was painted with a palette of beautiful colors ranging from the deepest crimson to the brightest yellow, which is common for this part of the country. When he stepped out of the room, I surveyed his outfit, and noted that I had done a good job in guessing his size. In fact, the cut of the jeans I had picked out for him accented a very nice, tight little ass. 

"I asked around, and there is a nice little pub just up the street. I hear that they serve a mean steak. Sound good to you?"

"I'm starving. It sounds great." He said.

We sat across from one another at a quiet corner table, and had a few drinks while we waited for our dinner to arrive. I couldn't believe how comfortable we were together. Maybe it was that, or the drinks, but before I knew it, my shoe was off, and I was tracing a line from Tom's knee slowly up to his crotch. It wasn't hard to see that he was thinking along the same lines that I was. By the time my toes made contact with his cock, it was already hard. We kept the conversation going while I played with him, not giving any of the other restaurant patrons any clue what was going on under our table.

After a few minutes, Tom excused himself, and went to the restroom. When he came back, he took a seat next to me, in the corner of the room. From this vantage point, we could see the whole room. 

I guess that Tom decided that turnabout was fair play, and laid his hand on the inside of my knee. As we continued to make conversation, he slid his hand up the inside of my thigh until he reached the hem of my skirt. At this point, he paused and looked me right in the eye, as if he was asking me if it was okay to go further. I matched his gaze, letting him know I was ready to play, and his hand pushed my skirt up along my thigh until his little finger rested in the crook of my leg. The look on his face was priceless as I shifted my weight, parting my legs slightly, and he realized that I wasn't wearing any underwear. He ran his hand down and traced his middle finger back up the length of my pussy. It was strange, and exciting, feeling what he was doing, and knowing that he and I were the only ones in the room that knew what was going on.

I reached over and carefully undid the button on the front of his jeans, and took note of the fact that his cock was already straining against the silk boxers I had picked out for him earlier in the day. I worked his zipper down, and slid my hand inside the waistband of his boxers, and lightly stroked the head of his cock. 

He leaned over, kissed my neck, and whispered something in my ear, "We better get out of here, or I am going to lift you up on this table, right here, right now, and show everyone in this room just how much I want you." 

"As intriguing as that sounds, I'm not sure the management would approve of the floor show. Let's get out of here." I replied. We rearranged ourselves, paid the check, and took our leave, in each other's arms. 

On the way back to the motel, we couldn't keep our hands off of each other. We parked the car, and headed toward the room. To get to the room, we had to pass by the pool at the little motel. It was a beautiful night out, this guy was hot, and I was already more than a little horny. As we reached the little gate to the pool area, I steered him toward the wall that enclosed the patio. I backed him up against the wall, and leaned in toward him. We kissed passionately, alternately sucking and gently biting each other's lower lips. Our tongues mingled with one another, darting in and out of each other's mouths. The kiss left me so breathless that I had to pull away.

I pulled him by the hand through the gate, into the pool area. This time, I backed up against the wall. He leaned in, wrapped his arm around my waist, and lifted me onto the little wall that surrounded the pool. Again, we were kissing. His hand slid up under my shirt, and he cupped one breast in his hand. His other hand slid my shirt up, and his mouth closed over my other nipple. I bit into his shoulder to stifle a moan. The sensation of his mouth as he nibbled was so warm, so wet, I couldn't help but arch my back to meet his hungry mouth.

He pushed my skirt up my thighs, feeling the garter belt that held up my stockings. He slid his hand between my thighs, parting my legs so that he could stand between them. He pressed into me, and I felt how hard he was. I could feel his pulse throbbing through the front of his jeans. I reached down and undid his buttons, and his cock sprang free. I wrapped my legs around him as he slowly slid into me, until I could feel his balls pressed against my ass. I held him there for a moment, feeling his hard, silky cock throbbing and pulsating inside me. 

He pulled back from me until just the head of his cock was inside me, and then took another slow stroke into me. He started to fuck me with long, deliberate strokes, right there, under the beautiful Texas sky. Each thrust was more urgent. Each stroke was harder, faster. I could feel myself soaring towards an intense climax. I reached down and caressed his balls, squeezing them gently. 

"Oh, God....", he moaned, as I felt him shoot load, after sticky load, of cum deep inside my pussy, which was enough to send me over the top. I wrapped my legs more tightly around his waist as I came, and my pussy milked the last drops of cum from him.

Just then, a couple came around the corner from where the office was. The man was carrying an ice bucket, and asked if we knew where the ice machine was. Tom managed to give them directions, which was good, because I was still beyond speech. They headed off down the sidewalk in the direction the Tom had pointed them in. 

As soon as we were sure that they were out of earshot, we both started giggling. "Boy, that was close!" Tom said. 

Let's go for a swim." I said.

"We don't have suits." He replied. 

"After that, I need something to cool me off. Besides, it's late. Almost no one is out. I can't believe you are worried about it after what we just did!" I said, laughing, and started peeling off my clothes. "You can join me, or just sit there and watch, if you prefer." I slid my stockings down, and off. Off came the black skirt, and the black tank top that I was wearing, revealing a black bra and a matching and garter belt. "These are silk, so I better not get them wet." I slipped off my under-things and dove into the pool. 

And, there on the side of the pool sat Tom, looking quite surprised, and a little intrigued. I'm sure that the light in the pool gave him quite an interesting view. "Are you crazy?"

"The water feels wonderful. You should really come in." I teased.

After a few mumbled protests, he said, "What the hell?" and shinnied out of his clothes. He dove under the water and came up right in front of me. "You're right. The water feels great. But, not as good as this....", he said as he wrapped his arms around me.

But, that's another story.