 As he walked through the forest, Nathan listened to the sounds around him. He could hear the soft murmur of the stream in the distance as it emptied into the lake and the distinct call of the parrots as they flew by as the leaf litter crunched under his feet. As the breeze whispered through the trees, the leaves swayed too and fro, rustling gently. The breeze felt cool on his skin and was a relief from the heat of the sun. 

The smell of the eucalyptus was strong in his nostrils but certainly not unpleasant. He followed the path along the edge of the stream until he came to a small clearing where he could just glimpse where the stream joined the lake. The water was foaming white across the rocks of the rapids before it spilled into the lake over a small crag, creating a waterfall, probably about twice the height of a man, the sunlight glinting off the water casting arcs of bright colour through the spray like tiny rainbows shimmering.

Looking down the lake, Nathan could see how beautiful the place was, with the trees growing right down to the waters edge, gracefully hanging down and lapping at the water beneath. Fish could be seen darting through the shallows, chasing small water creatures hoping for a feed. The late afternoon air was alive with the hum of insects, small birds flying in and out of the bushes catching dragonflies in mid flight.

As he looked back up towards the waterfall he saw her. He frowned, why hadn’t he noticed her before? She was silhouetted against the sinking sun; her dress almost transparent as her form was highlighted from the light behind her. Her long shapely legs were coltish and he briefly imagined what they would feel like wrapped around his waist, shaking his head, he dismissed the thought, wondering why he would think such a thing of a complete stranger. She could be no more than 20 he thought, smiling wryly to himself as he took in her beauty, feeling suddenly old at 38. 

“Man, have I spent too long out on my own or what, I need a life,” he muttered, thinking about his job as a freelance geologist for the mining industry. It took him all over the country but he was tired of all the travel and not being in the same place for more than a few weeks at a time, never making friends, only acquaintances, maybe it was time for a change.

Nathan watched as the young woman moved with catlike grace over the rocks towards the waterfall. Standing on a large flat rock she turned, letting the spray from the waterfall wet her dress. Straining to see her, Nathan could make out the dark areola of the girls breasts as the fabric of her dress clung to her body like a second skin. 

“My god,” he whispered, as she began to dance in small circles, swaying her hips provocatively to an imagined beat in her head. Raising her hands, she released her hair from its confines on the top of her head, which sent it cascading down her back in a river of golden silk. She ran her fingers through her hair as the remaining sunlight shimmied and sparkled like a halo around her.

Nathan was enthralled by the sight of her; he couldn’t have taken his eyes off her if he had wanted too. Slowly she reached for the buttons on the front of her dress. Nathan swallowed hard as she meticulously undid button after button on a slow journey down towards her ankles. As the dress hung open, Nathan could just glimpse the swell of her firm breasts, wondering what they would feel like against his palm and he felt himself grow hard at the thought. Running a hand through his hair he closed his eyes for a second and thought, “ what the hell am I doing, staring at her like this?”

When he opened his eyes and looked back at her, their gazes locked. Staring directly at him, she looked like a startled rabbit caught in the beam of headlights from a car. Then she smiled. A slow sensuous smile that had Nathan feeling as if his heart had dropped to the pit of his stomach. She was exquisite. Turning to face him, she let the dress drop off her shoulders. Nathan gasped as he watched her step out of the dress and move towards the waterfall. Peering over her shoulder at him, the girl stepped into the flow of the water wetting her hair, she turned and raised her face to the force of the water letting it flow over her milky white skin, conjuring up images of a lovers touch in Nathan’s mind. She was washing herself freely in the waterfall, obviously enjoying the sensation of the cool water on her skin, seemingly oblivious to everything else going on around her. 

Finally looking away, Nathan sat on a log by the waters edge and removed his boots and socks. Dunking his feet, the water felt cool against his hot flesh as he trailed his toes through the liquid. He unbuttoned his shirt and threw it off, bending to scoop up some water to splash his face with. Droplets of water trickled down his chest as he raised his head again to look in the direction of the waterfall. The girl was emerging from the flow of water to stand poised on the flat rock above the lake, slowly she raised her arms in a graceful arc, stretching the skin across her chest so her breasts stood out in proud defiance. Bending her knees slightly she dived gracefully into the water like she was born to it, penetrating the surface with barely a splash. Nathan held his breath as she disappeared beneath the surface of the water. He stood to get a better view, wondering where she would emerge. Her face broke through the surface of the water approximately 20 meters from where he was standing, her head and shoulders just visible above the waterline as she slowly swam towards him. 

All thought fled from his mind as she reached the shallows and rose to her feet with exquisite ease of movement. She stood proudly naked before him, a look of defiance in her eyes, her gaze unwavering from his as she asked, “Who are you?”

“Ah,” he said, “I was just about to ask the same of you my dear.”

“ Well, I’m sorry but I don’t know you! What are you doing at my lake? Apart from staring at me?” said Elise crossly.

“ Well actually I’m doing a survey for the Monroe family on behalf of a mining company I’m contracted too, and by the way, if you insist on stripping off in broad daylight,” he said chuckling,” I’m not surprised you get stared at.”

“ You have room to talk! You’re stood there half naked yourself, and anyway it’s nearly dusk and no one is out here usually,” she said. He laughed loudly, a rich timbre of sound resonating deep in his chest. “ I would hardly call myself half naked, not in comparison to you anyway.” 

* * * * Elise looked at him. Really looked at him. Her eyes roving over his body and she thought that he was the most magnificent specimen of manhood that she had seen in a very long time. Tall, about six foot four, with midnight black hair and the most piercing blue eyes she had ever seen. He made her feel tiny at her not inconsiderable five foot six. He had a small waist and very broad shoulders, well muscled and tanned from the active outdoor lifestyle he must lead, she imagined. His skin was smooth and there was a smattering of dark hair on his chest, which arrowed down his belly before disappearing beneath the fastening of his trousers. The long line of his legs where encased in khaki work pants but she could tell his thighs were powerful and well muscled despite being hidden beneath the fabric. As her eyes slid back up his legs to his groin her eyes widened at the sight of his obvious arousal. Flicking her gaze back up to his face their eyes locked and he smiled at her obvious surprise. 

“ Like what you see then? “ he asked after her slow and lazy appraisal of him. Blushing, she nodded quickly as she took a deep breath trying to steady the beating of her heart, which now seemed to be beating in her ears as the telltale surge of heat crept up her neck and into her face.

“Are little girls allowed to run around out here all alone then? “ Glaring at him she said “ I’m 25 years old, I do as I please thank you very much!”

“ Well now you do surprise me,” said Nathan “ I thought you were no more than twenty to be honest.”

“ Well I can assure you I’m twenty-five,” she said. Disconcerted, she extended her hand to him. “ I’m Elise Monroe, you must be working for my father.”

“Yes, it would appear so. Nathan Roberts here, pleased to meet you.”

As their hands touched, a frizon of excitement shot up her arm. She looked at his face in time to see a slight twitching of a muscle at the side of his mouth before the cool mask slid back down over his face again. He wants me, she thought. Feeling her breasts tightening, she took a step closer to him. The earthy smell of his skin permeated her nostrils and she had an undeniable urge to kiss him. She took another step closer and found herself within the circle of his arms. Looking up into his face she could see the latent desire there as he slowly bent his head towards hers.

The first touch of his lips to hers was exquisitely tender. She traced the outline of his lips with the tip of her tongue and felt him take in a sharp breath. Dragging her lips across his, she sought entry into his mouth. Willingly he opened for her and their tongues met, sliding across one another like two halves of a whole, drinking in the taste of each other. Slipping a hand around his waist she tried to steady herself. As she did so, he pulled her closer, pressing his arousal into the softness of her belly. Her breathing quickened as she moved her other hand up and back to caress the back of his head. Deepening the kiss, she felt the tremor of excitement filter through her body, indistinguishable from the shudder of his.

* * * * 

Nathan didn’t know what had hit him. One minute he was standing there talking to the young woman, the next she was in his arms and he was kissing her senseless. His burgeoning arousal was pressing against the fabric of his trousers, making him shift uncomfortably as he pulled her closer. 

“Christ, “ he said against her mouth, as he tried to slow things down, “This is going too fast!”

Pressing closer to Nathan, Elise felt the latent strength of him ready and willing, barely leashed, waiting for her next move. Slowly she began rocking her pelvis forward, gently massaging him with the thrusts of her hips. She could feel him holding back, gasping in his difficulty in doing so. Her breasts were pressed up firmly against his chest, rasping against the hair there as their breath quickened with the force of their arousal, the feel of skin against skin so exquisite. Elise had never felt such desire; Nathan was creating havoc with her senses, the taste of him was driving her wild, his scent was pervading her nostrils, making her hunger for more, running her hands over his back she could feel the bunching of his muscles beneath her fingers. He was so powerfully built, hard and big and strong, every woman’s desire. 

Nathan held her close in the circle of his arms, brushing his lips across hers in a silent invitation for her to open to him. When she did so he quickly deepened the kiss, tongue meeting tongue in a delicious erotic dance of intense desire. The taste of her was like pure nectar, he couldn’t get enough, sweet and tangy, laced with the scent of aroused woman, heady and captivating, almost druglike in its quality. She hitched her thigh up over his hip and again ground against him, at which point he was lost. Lifting her into his arms he carried her to the grass on the bank behind them, laying her down gently as he stroked the skin of her thigh with his finger tips, eliciting short sweet moans from deep within her throat. Tracing the swell of her breast, his hand moved to her nipple, circling it, making it pucker under his fingers as he slowly teased it, rolling it between his fingers till she squirmed beneath his touch. 

Kissing him with a passion she had never felt before, Elise was intoxicated with the sensations and response he was eliciting from her. Her heart was pounding and her chest was tight, she felt like she could barely breathe. What he was doing to her senses was indescribable. Her breasts were tingling and engorged as he tormented her, driving her wild with the pleasure and pain of his ministrations. He broke away from her mouth and it was all she could do not to cry out as his head moved lower, kissing the skin of her neck, nipping and nibbling as he went, working his way down to her breast to take a pink bud into his mouth. Suckling and licking at it she shivered with delight as he continued to torture her other breast with his hand as she dug her fingers into his shoulders while he caressed her. When she thought she could stand it no longer he stopped, and began to move slowly down her body, licking and biting her skin as he went. Just as he got to the apex of her thighs, he lifted his head and looked at her, a questioning look that made her heart tighten. In silent acquiescence she nodded and he lowered his head.

The taste and texture of her skin was driving Nathan crazy. The more he tasted her the more he wanted. The further he got down her body the more aroused he became, he didn’t think it was possible to want someone so much, the ache was almost unbearable. He looked at her briefly, just before he kissed her intimately, and all conscious thought fled from his mind as the scent of her pervaded his nostrils. He gently parted her folds with his fingers, and ran his tongue gently up the smooth pink flesh of her womanhood.

She cried out, a whimpering sound that made Nathan want her all the more if that was possible. Slowly he licked her, finding his way to the tiny swollen bud that was the center of her pleasure and circled it with his tongue. Massaging it with his lips he drove her to fever pitch, feeling her clawing at his shoulders in desperation, she was swelling under his tongue and he knew she was close to exploding. He desperately wanted to feel her come against his mouth. Slowly he inserted a finger into her, stroking her as he continued to suckle at her clitoris. She arched against him as the beginnings of her orgasm overtook her, muscles contracting and pulsing as the energy spread through her like fire. Nathan was overwhelmed. 

As Elise slowly drifted back to reality Nathan moved over her. Kissing her and muttering endearments to her as he worked his way back up her body. She was still tingling all over from the aftershocks of her orgasm but could feel a renewed excitement building in her loins. Tenderly he kissed her mouth, telling her how beautiful she was and how he had never wanted a woman like this before. She could taste herself on his mouth and feel just how aroused he was from the way he was holding himself back, taught like a panther ready to strike. Quickly she reached for his belt. Undoing it, she caught the zipper of his trousers and lowered it to free his erection. Frantically she scrabbled to help him remove his pants, pushing them down over his hips and off. Cupping his buttocks in her hands she shifted beneath him, pulling him towards her. Sweat was beading on his forehead and she reached up and licked it from him, relishing the salty tang of his skin. With one thrust he filled her completely, stretching her body and making her gasp. Nathan’s breathing was ragged at the exquisite sensations she was evoking and the control he had to exert to prevent himself from coming too soon. He set up a steady rhythm, thrusting into her with powerful strokes. She was so tight around his shaft, hot and wet and very inviting, it felt like he belonged there. He could hold back no longer, picking up the tempo, moving forward to the ultimate goal, Elise matching his thrusts stroke for stroke as the pressure built, finally spilling over into a tumultuous orgasm. Ripples of excitement flowed through them both as they convulsed within seconds of each other, Elise the catalyst for Nathan, pulsing under him and pushing him over the edge, milking him dry with each contraction of her muscles as he pumped into her depositing his seed deep inside her. Rolling over to his side, Nathan carried Elise with him so that they were lying comfortably next to each other, replete. They both lay there for what seemed like hours but in reality must have only been minutes, Elise’s head resting on Nathan’s chest, both of them comfortably reclined. Finally their breathing returned to normal as Nathan stroked the skin of Elise’s back, gently caressing her. 

“ My god woman, I’ve never felt anything quite like that before” said Nathan.

“ I haven’t either, I‘ve never done something like this with a stranger before, I don’t know you, yet we have been so intimate?” sighed Elise.

“Well we will just have to get to know each other better then wont we Elise.” He said smiling down at her.

“Yes Nathan, we will,” smiled Elise. Nathan nodded and gently draped his shirt over her shoulders before kissing her tenderly.