 Being deployed to Iraq was a scary thing for Cindy. She was whisked away from the comforts and luxuries of home and placed in a blazing hot war zone. Although she and her husband were deployed together, things were not good with their marriage. The strict "NO PDA" (public display of affection) had her husband virtually ignoring her. 

As she pondered why the hell she was there, her husband gave her less and less attention. As a civilian, being deployed with the Marines was difficult. The Marines already had friends within their unit. She had no one. 

She met a few people, mostly Marines and tried to create friendships with them to comfort her fear and loneliness. One young Marine seemed to pay more attention to her than the others. She liked that. She knew it was just because they worked together, but she did not care. She grabbed hold of his friendship and held it tightly to her heart. 

He was there with her on her first convoy off base. He made her feel safe and secure. He made her laugh. She loved his youthful enthusiasm for life. 

As her husband spent less and less time with her – she relied more and more on this young Marine to fill the void in her life. A little innocent flirting and the next thing she knew, they were talking about meeting at night on one of their many trips to the latrine trailers. 

It was exciting to talk about meeting in the dark of the night. He asked her if she would flash him her titties if he saw her and he promised he would flash her. She looked for him every night on her way to the toilet, but their paths never seemed to cross. 

Then, one night – there he was. She had already taken a sleeping pill and was filling a little dizzy. She was stumbling because of the dizziness the sleeping pill caused. He asked if she was ok and she explained to him that she had taken the Ambien. He asked her why she had taken it, and without thinking, she blurted out "Because it makes sex better." She giggled nervously after she said that. He asked if she had just had sex with her husband and she said yes. 

She looked down at his tight shorts and could see his desire swell. The Marines called that type of shorts "Come Fuck Me" Shorts. She thought they had writing on them that actually said "Come Fuck Me", so she was looking at the shorts trying to see the writing – but all she saw was his obviously aroused package. She could not seem to stop staring at the bulge in his shorts. She grinned and giggled. She wanted to reach out and touch that bulge – but she did not dare! 

She went back to the room. She found out later, that when they parted, he went to the bathroom and masturbated imagining he had her bent over fucking her. The next day, the innocent flirting continued. He asked her if she was going to run away from him if she saw him on her way to the latrines again. She assured him she would not. That night, on her way back from the latrines, there he stood, by the trailer. She grinned timidly. 

He said hello and all she could think about was the bulge in his pants the previous night. She remembered their email conversations about flashing each other. She did not really think he would flash her – they were just playing and were all talk. He asked her to flash him and she giggled anxiously. 

Then, it happened. He flashed her. Her mouth dropped open when she saw his large erect cock. He reached out and took her hand and placed it on his dick. She jerked it back quickly and giggled "It's hot!" She wanted to keep touching it – to put it in her mouth – but she was scared. 

He asked her to flash him and she said no. He continued to ask her and she looked around in the dark, looking to see if anyone was there. She wanted to show him her breasts – but was afraid someone else would see. And she could not stop thinking of his hard cock and how it felt. She had not been with another man since she married her husband 12 years ago. 

Finally, he took her by the hand and led her between two trailers and assured her no one could see. She grasped the bottom of her shirt with both hands, looked around to make sure no one was around, and then lifted her shirt – baring her breasts to the young Marine. He immediately reached his hands out and grabbed them. He leaned in and kissed her while fondling her breasts. Her knees went weak and her heart raced. 

She became instantly wet at his touch. He took her hand and led her in to the female latrine trailer. They went to the last stall and began kissing while he caressed her breasts. 

Someone opened the door to the latrine and walked in. She stepped up on to the toilet, afraid someone would see two pairs of feet under the stall door. This put her titties at the perfect height for his mouth. As he sucked her titties his hand reached to her pussy. 

The person who had entered the latrine was now gone. But she remained standing on the toilet with her breast in the young Marine's mouth. He caressed her pussy outside her pants. She fought back the moans that wanted to escape her lips. As his fingers ran across her clit, the wetness grew. She was sure that he could feel her wetness, even on top of her clothes. 

They bumped and grinded in the bathroom stall. She wanted him inside her so bad, but she did not dare. She wanted his manhood in her mouth – but she did not dare. They were both married and she knew what they were doing was wrong, but it felt so good. 

That night, he came in his shorts and she went back to her room and fucked her husband harder than she had ever fucked him – all the while, imagining it was the young Marine.

----------

Cindy could not stop thinking about the night before. She could not stop thinking about how the young Marine had brought out desires that seem to have disappeared years ago. Every time she thought about it, she became wet. She kept thinking about his caresses and how it felt so good when he sucked on her tits. 

It did not help that he was emailing her erotic emails and asking her to meet him again. He wanted her mouth on his dick, he wanted her bent over so he could pound his dick in her. He told her this many times and it really excited her. She could not stand it. She had so much lust building up inside her – she wanted him so bad. But she just could not. She could not be more intimate with him than she already had. She was married. And he was married. And he was leaving Iraq soon to go back home to his wife. 

Part of her did not care – part of her just wanted to be fucked by him. But she knew she could not. He continued with the emails and she finally decided that if he continued to ask, that yes, she would suck his dick given the opportunity to be alone. And she would allow him to touch her pussy – but absolutely no sex. 

That evening while the Marine was working with her and her husband, Cindy needed to go to the restroom. Her husband suggested that the Marine go with her, as her "Battle Buddy". Her mind raced to the previous night and she remembered his touch. 

She smiled as she and the Marine left the office. On their walk to the latrine trailers, he reached out and took her hand. He placed it on the growing lump in his pants. Just feeling his hardness excited her. 

On the way back, he suggested that they walk over to the park. She knew they would be alone there. She wanted to see and touch his swollen cock again. She grinned and said sure. All the time walking in the dark – her hand was on his hard erection. 

When they got out of the view of passers by, he asked her to suck him real quick. She was not sure what he meant by "real quick" because she was not one to leave a job half done. She knew it was all or nothing – either she did not suck him – or she sucked him and swallowed his cum. 

She did not need to think about her answer to his request, she had been thinking about it all day. She immediately dropped to her knees. As she caressed his cock, she began to lick it. Tracing the throbbing veins and encircling the head. She opened her mouth and took his long hard dick down her throat. 

She sucked and licked, eagerly awaiting his cum. He tried to stop her and pull her head up. This made her suck even more, because she knew he was about to cum and she was not about to miss out on her reward. 

She felt his cock twitch in her mouth and spasm as it shot its load down her throat. She licked one last drop off the head of his dick and smiled as he tucked it away in his camis. 

He told her that she gave the best head ever. Hearing that made her want to suck him again and again. They walked back to the office where her husband and the Marine's captain were waiting. 

The captain asked what took so long. The young Marine explained that they had walked to the latrine trailers because Cindy did not like the porta potties. The captain laughed and rolled his eyes. 

Cindy grinned and walked over to the desk where she saw a package of gum. She helped herself to a piece of gum, afraid that her husband may smell cum on her breath. 

She sat there with a wet pussy, trying not to grin at the naughtiness that she had just experienced. She looked at the Marine standing there, and she knew that he was still thinking about the blow job he had just received. 

That night, once again, Cindy fucked her husband hard, while imagining that she was with the Marine. Sadly, the next day, Cindy drove the young Marine, his Captain and her husband to catch a flight to another base. The Marine would be there for the next week until he departed for home. But he would return in less than three months. 

He assured Cindy that he would stay in touch and she looked forward to his erotic emails and to the day he returned and she could be with him again.