 I really had no idea that sex with someone could be so goddamned good. My husband is not a romantic man. Most of the time he's goofy and a little slow on the uptake despite his intelligence. He's the kind of man who lives in his own world, completely oblivious to other women checking him out. That is fine by me. The only woman he does notice is me. He's not a man of words, but gestures. I know his love through his touch; his need for contact with my body and the way he kisses me.

I watch him undress; unceremoniously shedding his clothes after a long day preparing for bed. He gets this shit-eating grin when he knows he's about to get laid. He leaves me and heads for the bathroom for a quick freshening up as he ties his bathrobe closed.

When he comes back to the bedroom I'm waiting. My eyes following his every move like he's a piece of steak. The candle on the bedside table flickers and the warm glow makes him look even more enticing. He hangs his robe and stands next to the bed. Our eyes lock and the intensity of our stare negates any need of foreplay.

Desire.

It brews swiftly and percolates. Hungry lips find one another and begin wrestling, each fighting to prove our need for the other. In a matter of seconds his fingers find me. He knows my body. It's his favorite instrument and I'm finely tuned to his ear.

The need to touch and explore is not singular. I love to feel his hardness, his thickness and the heat emanating from him. I use his own wetness to allow my fingers to glide over him and wrap my fingers around his hardness. I crave hearing those moans bubble from his throat. He more he enjoys it the harder his fingers work in and out of me. Our kiss is broken when he moves out of my reach and the abruptness of his departure confuses my already foggy mind until I see him reach for my favorite lube.

He settles between my legs as I breathe in the scent of the candle. This time we have, just him and I is more precious than I can put into words. The familiar and awful squirt of the lube makes me chuckle followed by his knowing touch relaxes me. I completely surrender to him.

He begins deliberately, deliciously slow. I can feel myself stretch to accommodate his slick hand. We haven't done this in a long time and I'm not used to it. My body is an open book to him. He reads it, memorizing the line and contours. This is a road he's traveled many times and it's his favorite drive. He knows when the pain becomes too much and steadily backs off. He gives me time to recover. He listens to my breathing, my moans. He is never deterred by a shout of pain. His continuous persistence is mind blowing.

When he's settled into a nice rhythm he begins sucking my nipples into his mouth, trading off between left and right. Instant connections are made from my breasts to my pelvis. My muscles contract and I squeeze. He moans and just hearing that makes it so much better for me; so much more natural and primal.

Eventually his hand is all the way inside and I'm back to needing to feel his cock in my hands again. It's harder and hotter than before. His hand pumps in an out I can feel my whole body shifting on the bed he's using so much force. I can feel him bumping my cervix and the craving I feel is to take in his whole damned arm. I want to fuck all of him.

He moves out of the way again, his cock out of reach and I can hear myself whining that I can't reach. My whole being is aching with need. He answers with rougher motions so I can't even form words. I'm too desperate. I'm too needy.

It's just right.

We're both coated in a light sweat and I beg him to move his arm and fuck me. I need his cock in me now. He re-arranges himself within a few seconds and he plunges into me with such force of perfection that my cunt immediately grabs hold. We fuck. I claw his back and sides. The noises are animalistic and my whole being feeds on him. I wrap my body around his to have as much skin-to-skin contact as possible. It's a need I cannot describe.

He came. After a few minutes, he moves off to the side. I kiss and lick his chest, kiss his mouth and begin massaging his cock again. Within a few minutes he's hard enough to mount... so I do.

We're sliding all over the place, between natural wetness, the lube and our sweat there is plenty of slickness. I use my muscles to squeeze him three times as I ride up his cock. Plunge down, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, plunge down again. Over and over. I tell him that I want to milk him. I want him to cum again. I want him inside of me, thick and hard as ever. I kiss his mouth. His face crinkles his brows furrowed, his teeth gritting. He's trying to hold on. We're both almost there, but neither of us can get to a climax.

He gives in. He just can't yet. The moisture between us has made it impossible to feel anymore friction and I roll off. We're both lying on our backs panting. The flickers of the candle light dance across our bedroom walls as our breathing evens out. He turns towards me and begins playing with me again. He puts all four fingers in me and grips my pelvic bone like a handle.

I need more.

I grab my hitachi and told him not to move. Keep his hands right where it is. I place the head of the hitachi near my clit on low. I grab my right breast and point it towards him and order him to suck hard. He does. ... he really does. My climax is almost instant but I'm still not finished. We keep going like this forever. I really don't know how long, I don't care. I've screamed out my climax multiple times and keep going until I feel so lightheaded I can't move anymore. My mind is blissfully buzzing and my eyes fluttering from all the intensity.

I turn off the hitachi and he announces his need to cum. Re-adjusting, he uses his left hand for my cunt. It's amazing how empty I felt without him until he replaced his fingers in me. His right hand expertly grabs himself and begins feverishly masturbating. It's one of the most erotic things I have ever seen. The light from the candle plays upon his shiny muscles, highlighting the curves of his mildly hairy chest. I cannot look away. I press my hands over his on my clit and use his hand to masturbate myself against. My breasts are heavy and achy and my body reignites with the need for release again.

He climaxes and goes completely limp. His arms drop, his hands stop moving but I can't.

Insatiable.

I need more. Now I need to taste him. I can't let any of him or this experience go to waste. I get up on my legs, crouching down next to him and lick all the excess cum from his cock. He can't take much more stimulation. He cries out and I get another droplet.

With a contented sigh, I lay back down and snuggle into him. Both of us spent. Both of us deliciously tired.

I am so completely addicted to him.