 After twenty hours flying cross country to LA and then onto Hawaii - we were dead tired and it was too late to do anything other than just open the balcony doors, let in the breeze and crash on the supersoft bed and pillows. We were so beat and it felt so good to curl up against each other's warm bodies that we slept and slept and slept.

The night before the view from the balcony was just black, so imagine our surprise to see the most gorgeous view of green mountains and sapphire blue waters and white sand beaches just feet from our bed.

With a day to do nothing already planned, we ordered room service and decided to just take it slow and easy for as long as possible. Waiting on breakfast and enjoying the view, it was impossible to not feel romantic and in such a beautiful setting. As my arms moved around your waist, I pulled you into me and kissed you deeply. Such a sigh came from your lips. We had worked so hard and waited so long for this dream trip. I t was hard to believe we were actually here.

You looked so beautiful with the sun glistening in your hair, your eyes so bright and smile so perfect. I kissed you again, softly at first, our lips soft against each other, out tongues barely touching. But my kiss came harder and more insistent and our hands began to roam. Sliding my hands up your back, I slid the strap of your powder blue silk chemise off your shoulders as my hands moved down your arms. The sun made your soft skin so warm, and your breasts looked so beautiful.

The feel of my cool, moist tongue on your warm nipples made them instantly hard and an audible moan escaped as your hands ran through my hair and you pulled me closer. I continued to push the chemise down your waist and over your hips as it dropped to the floor. My lips followed as I left a trail of kisses down your stomach as I knelt down in front of you. My hands roamed over your hips and down over your silky smooth thighs. You were wearing no panties and I could see your lips, already moist with desire.

Looking up at your incredible eyes, I saw nothing but love and lust. My hands moved towards your lips, touching ever so slightly. So warm, so soft, your hands resting on my strong shoulders. I continued to kiss my way towards your sex when...

knock, knock, knock "Room Service..."

"You stay right there" I said as I ran and slipped on my robe so I could pay for the room service. I hurried back as fast as I could and found that you had moved but you were now standing at the balcony rail enjoying the scenery. As was I. You looked so sexy standing there naked in the sunlight. I walked up and wrapped my arms around you and said "now where was I?"

You lingered there for a moment, enjoying the feel of my chest pressed against your back and my hard shaft press against your buttocks. You slowly turned and with one hand you around my neck you pulled my lips to yours and kissed me passionately while your other hand wrapped around my cock and said, " We were right here". 

Shrugging the robe off my shoulders I kissed you again and said, "No, I believe I was here" as I dropped back to my knees as my hands trailed down over your breasts to your hips. I kissed my way to your sweet sex and found you wetter than before. I took my hands and parted your thighs so I could taste you better and I began to run the tip of my tongue over your lips, just lightly at first, then harder as I began to search for your clitoris – wanting to taste you more and God did you ever taste good. With one hand running lightly through my hair you settle back against the rail and began to moan as my tongue continued to lick and search. You were so wet and I slowly inserted first one, then two fingers into you. So wet but so tight.

"Oh Mark that feels good, so good" you said as your hand grabbed a fist full of hair and you pulled me harder into you. Your breathing was coming faster as I buried my tongue in you flicking against your clit. Your knees began to buckle as a wave came over you. "Oh Mark, Oh Mark, oh, oh, oh." I moved my hands up the back of your thighs and to your buttocks so I could keep you standing as wave after wave of sensation came over you. 

I continued to slowly and lightly lick you as you began to come down, your fingers still lightly running through my hair. Standing, I wrapped my arms around you and hugged your body into mine. Kissing you lightly all over your face – your body so warm from the sun against me. 

You pushed me back until I was sitting down on a patio chair. Your nails raked down the hair on my chest as you dropped to your knees, looking up at me with such a sexy smile you said 'Now it's my turn..."

A groan escaped my lips as your lips began to kiss lightly down my stomach, your nails continuing to rake down to my thighs which slowly began to open to you, inviting you in. I scooted closer to the edge of the chair as my hands lightly brushed your soft hair, moving down to your shoulders as you continued to kiss your way down my body. Looking up at me with such a sultry look in your eyes you moaned with desire, wanting me as much as I wanted you. As your lips and tongue kissed and trailed across my super sensitive thighs, one hand wrapped slowly around my hardness, the tip already wet and slippery. With one hand on my stomach you began to slowly slide your other hand up and down my hard shaft.

All your energy, all your desire was focused on my sex as you continued to slide and pump your hand up and down. Ever so slowly your tongue reached out and licked the drop of come of the tip of my cock, as I groaned with the delight. Your lips, so soft, slowly slid over the swollen head, taking more of me into your mouth as your hands slid down towards the base. You stopped as your lips reached near the base, so wet and warm as you slowly slid your lips back towards the head, your tongue swirling around as it reached the tip, concentrating on the sensitive underside you began to run your tongue up and down and around the shaft. 

My hands continued to caress your soft hair, urging you on with my moans of ecstasy. You began to alternate licking with your tongue, swirling your lips around the head and taking the shaft into your mouth. All while your hands continued to massage my shaft, thighs and stomach.

My breathing began to quicken, my thighs began to quiver, and my stomach muscles tensed as my release grew closer. Your moans, your sexy eyes, your hands and lips began to bring me closer and closer to orgasm. I wanted it now, but I wanted it to last forever. But I couldn't last any longer and my cock, as rock hard as ever began to pulse as you pulled back, your hands stroking as you watched my orgasm, so intense, so powerful as my come spurted over my stomach and thighs. 

Your hands slowly stroked my shaft, still hard, so wet and your lips slowly swirled again over the head now more sensitive than ever. You looked up at me and smiled, so damn sexy, knowing how good you made me feel. Knowing I was in a daze as my breathing slowly returned to normal.

I crawled out of the chair, down on my knees with you as I wrapped my arms around you pulling you into me, hugging you tight. "Oh God, I've never felt anything like that before."

And you said, "Sweetie, this is only the beginning. We have only started loving each other." 

With a sigh I stroked my hands down your body, so warm from the sun, just trying to imagine how much better could it get?

Exhausted, sweaty but feeling oh so good, you stood and still holding my hand walked back into the room. No words were spoken but I knew you wanted me to follow. We walked past the bed and into the large bathroom. You reached down to turn on the faucet of the garden tub. But before you did I pulled you back to me, my hands running down your sexy back to your buttocks, pulling you into me. I kissed you deeply and let you go. I had to get just one more kiss in.

As the tub began to fill with water, I began to light candles around the room, dimming the lights. I remembered our breakfast and retrieved the fruit and muffins we ordered. Sitting down on a chair, I pulled you onto my lap. You had slid on your short silk robe, but sitting down it exposed your soft thighs and I could see your nipples, hard against the smooth fabric. As one hand roamed over your smooth skin the other began to feed you chunks of melon and strawberries. We were in no hurry for that tub to fill up...