 "What do you mean you're not going to make it home on time? You know what tomorrow is!" Jessica yelled at her husband over the phone. He had been away on a business trip and they both hoped he'd be back in time for their 10th anniversary. "Isn't there anything you can do?"

"No, honey, there's a monster storm headed this way so they've grounded all the flights. They're saying it could be the biggest storm they've seen in over 25 years. Looks like I'm stuck here for a while."

After a long silence, he continued. "I'm sorry, Jess. I don't like this anymore than you do. This isn't how I imagined spending our anniversary." 

She let out a heavy sigh. "I know, Jack. I just miss you terribly. I wanted tomorrow to be special for us, you know?" 

"Just because I can't be there doesn't make it any less special, Jessica. I promise I'll make it up to you when I get back. Listen, baby, I have to go. It's starting to get really bad here and I want to make it back to the hotel before it gets any worse. I'll call you tomorrow. I love you."

"I love you too."

After hanging up the phone, she sat silently, not sure whether to be angry, worried or sad. Not wanting to deal with all the emotions, she decided to go out and try to take her mind off of spending one of the most special times in her life alone. Being away from Jack was hard enough and this just made it worse. She hoped going to a bar would help her feel better, even for just a couple hours. 

After showering, she rummaged through her closet and decided on a pair of black jeans, a powder blue tank top and white sneakers. She put her long, auburn hair in a loose ponytail, took one quick glance at the mirror and headed for the bar.

As she sat drinking her Rum and Coke, her thoughts kept going back to her husband. They were high school sweethearts and got married just after graduating. He had been her first boyfriend, her first kiss and her first and only lover. Even so, she never wondered what it'd be like to have sex with another man. Their sex life had become a little mundane, but he still knew how to make her wither in ecstasy. 

Though they hadn't been apart for very long, only a few days, she missed his touch. She loved how after 10 years of marriage, the simplest touch from him still sent chills up her spine. She longed for it now; to feel his fingertips caress her body... 

She took another sip of her drink, letting her mind wander further. She thought of his lips. She loved watching him talk sometimes. They were full and soft, usually with a light shine to them because he had a habit of constantly licking them. She always joked that he looked like he was getting ready to devour her. She laughed silently to herself. How she ached for those lips now; to feel them pressed against hers as their tongues danced in a passionate rhythm... 

Finishing her drink, she thought of his eyes -- crystal blue that seemed to penetrate her soul. They could make you feel so small and insignificant, but also like you were the most important thing in his eyesight. They were always so full of emotion and always had a small twinkle in them. She loved the times when she would be cooking dinner or something and she'd look back at him, watching as he undressed her with his eyes...

"Are you okay, Miss?" a smooth, thick voice from behind startled Jessica out of her thoughts. When she didn't answer, it came again. "Miss?"

"Yes?" she replied as she turned around to see who this man talking to her was. Her breath caught in her throat as she got her first look at him. He was tall, had short dirty blonde hair with that "just rolled out of bed" look, emerald green eyes and had very rugged, masculine features. His tan t-shirt did little to hide his muscular torso and arms and his legs looked as equally toned under his black jeans. He didn't look to be that much older than she - early to mid 30's maybe? 

"Are you okay?" He repeated.

"Y-yes, I'm fine." She quickly stammered out. She felt her cheeks grow flush as she realized she wasn't talking to him, but to his crotch. Jessica quickly reverted her eyes back to his, hoping he hadn't noticed. 

'How could he not notice, you fool,' a voice in the back of her head said. 'He's looking right at you!'

She turned around; part of her hoping he'd leave her alone now the he had his answer. The other part begging, pleading for him to take her right there in the bar. 

'What are you thinking? You're a happily married woman and your anniversary is tomorrow!' The voice in her head yelled. 'Snap out of it, woman!'

He placed a hand on her shoulder. His touch sent a shockwave directly to her crotch and she could feel the moisture start to build. Her body let loose a small shudder as she slowly turned back around. 

"I want to fuck you." 

Jessica's eyes widened at hearing this and felt a tingle course through her. "Excuse me?" 

"I said, 'may I join you'?"

A feeling of disappointment swept through her, hoping she'd heard him right the first time. 

"Sure," she said flashing her most flirtatious smile. Smiling back at her, he sat in the chair on the other side of the small, round table. 

'What! Are you fucking nuts!' the voice screamed. 'Shut up.' She replied silently to herself. 

She looked at the man sitting across from her, wondering what it was about him that made her feel this way. In all the years her and Jack had been together, not once did she look at another man sexually. Now here she is, staring at this stranger, secretly hoping she'd get the chance to fuck him. 

"I'm Derrick," he said extending his large hand. "And you are...?"

'Dying for you to shove your hard dick in my cunt.' was her first thought, but instead she replied, "I'm Jessica, but most people call me Jess." She felt a warm tingle go up her arm and radiate through her body as she took his hand and wondered if he'd felt the same thing. Glancing at his long, thick fingers, she wondered how they'd feel inside her, thrusting into her wet sex. 

"I hope I didn't disturb you. I saw you sitting here and you looked a little lonely. Thought maybe I could keep you company for a while." He said flashing a small, charming smile. 

"You did, huh? And what made you think I'd want you to keep me company?" she replied coyly. 

"Oh, I don't know... call it intuition." They both laughed.

As they sat, talking about anything and everything – their lives, work, and politics – Jessica's mind kept wandering off to dangerous territory. She had visions of being alone with him. His hands roaming all over her body before splitting her wet lips with his fingers, filling her hole while his thumb rubbed her clit. 

"Jess, are you alright? You look a little flushed." His thick, sensuous voice brought her back to reality and she realized she hadn't heard a word he just said. 

"Huh? Oh, yes. I'm fine. Guess I got a little lost in thought there," she said letting out a nervous chuckle. "I'm sorry, Derrick."

"It's quite alright. Tell me... what were you thinking about?"

She paused for a moment, wondering what she should say. She certainly didn't want to tell him the truth. Finally, she decided to just say it was nothing important and hope he'd leave it at that. 

"Nothing important? Sure looked important to me."

"Derrick, please." 

"Please what, Jess?" his voice changed slightly. It was deeper, more melodic. He slid his hand across the table and placed it on top of hers. She closed her eyes and let out a deep sigh, feeling an electrical charge flow through her. 

She looked at her watch and saw it was nearly midnight. Her mind and heart told her she should leave; get out while she still had the chance, but her body was telling her to stay.

Without looking at him, she said, "It's late, Derrick. It was nice talking to you, but I really must be going." She started to get up from the table, but his grip on her hand tightened. 

"Jessica," His voice was firm, demanding. "Jessica, look at me."

She sat back down, hesitant to look into his eyes. Something had grown within her; a passion, a fire that burned so strongly it nearly consumed her. She knew that if she looked at him now, he'd surely see her desire for him. 

"Look at me, Jessica." 

Her heart pounded and her breathing became heavier. He exuded a power that she could feel deep inside her. It frightened her a little, but at the same time, it drew her to him; made the need for him stronger, more urgent, but she still couldn't bring herself to look at him. 

"I know what you want, Jessica. I know what you need."

Finally, she looked at him with shocked eyes. "What?"

His hand still firmly placed on hers and looking straight into her eyes, he continued. "You want to be touched, kissed. You want to feel sensations you've only dreamt about. You need to feel the lust - that animalistic passion your husband has never, and probably will never, give you."

She looked at him in amazement, stunned at what she just heard. Had he known the whole time? It was as if he looked straight into her soul and found her deepest hidden desires. Though she had never wanted to be with another man, she wished her husband would show more passion. Take more control in the bedroom rather than leaving it all up to her. 

"You want a man to take you, devour you and leave you lying in a pool of sweat and cum," he continued. "I know you want that man to be me."

She quickly looked away from him, her worst fears realized. He had seen what had been welling up inside of her since he first walked up to her. 

"I can be that man for you, Jessica. I want to be that man."

She looked at him again, even more stunned than before. Had she really heard that or was her mind playing tricks on her again? 

"You do?" she said softly.

"Yes, Jessica. I do." Never letting go of her hand, he stood, pulling her up with him. "Come with me."

A shiver covered her body as she stood, glancing at his crotch again. Her breath caught in her throat as she saw the huge bulge protruding from his jeans. She had to fight the urge to reach out and grasp it in her small, delicate hand. She wondered how it looked, how it felt, how it tasted. He took no measures to hide it as they walked through the crowd of people. 

"Where are we going?" she asked as he led her to his car. Her mind was screaming at her to run away as fast as she could, to get away from him before this went any further, but she couldn't. She just couldn't. 

"You'll find out when we get there. Now no more questions, understood?" he said, opening the passenger door for her. 

She hesitated getting in, her mind and body a whirlwind of thoughts, questions and emotions. "Derrick," she started, but was cut off by his finger being pressed against her lips. 

"Shhh, just get in." he said leaning into her, his mouth so close to her ear she could feel his breath cover it like a warm blanket. "I promise, you won't regret it."

Her body trembled and she felt the wetness between her legs increase. His voice had a calmness to it that seemed to erase all her doubts and fears. As she slowly sat down in the seat, she knew she had reached the point of no return. 

They drove in silence. Neither of them saying a word, but even if Derrick had said something, Jessica wouldn't have noticed. Her mind was racing. She couldn't believe what she was doing, but found it so overwhelmingly dangerous and exciting she couldn't stop herself. Once she was in that car, her husband never entered her mind again. No, her focus was on the squishy sensation in her panties and the hardness of her very erect nipples pushing against her bra, begging to be let out. 

After a few more minutes of silent driving, Derrick turned into a motel parking lot. There was a large neon sign that read 'First Stop Motel' in big yellow letters and just below that was the word 'Vacancy' in smaller, orange neon lights. It was the kind of motel that Jessica liked to call a "strip motel" because it reminded her of a small strip mall. There were three, single floor buildings with about 30 rooms in each. 

They drove up in front of the first building facing the street, stopping in front of what looked like a small office through the window. 

"Wait here." Derrick said as he left the car. 

She watched as he went into the office and stood for a few moments. The clerk, an older woman with short gray hair and large, black-rimmed glasses, took the money he had pulled out of his wallet and handed him a key. 

'Am I really doing this?' she asked herself. She got her answer when he came back to the car and asked, "Ready?" She took a deep breath before saying in a barely auditable whisper, "Yes." With that, he smiled, threw the car in reverse and headed for their room. 

Once they entered the room, Derrick wasted no time in getting started. "Take off your clothes then get on the bed."

She just stood there, not sure what to do. Everything was moving so fast. 

"Jessica." He said sternly. 

She quickly glanced around the room, trying to find the bathroom. When she did, she took a few steps towards it, but he stopped her. 

"No, right here." He said as he sat on the edge of the bed, staring at her intently. 

She felt herself become hot as she stood in the middle of the small room, pondering what he was telling her to do. She had never gotten undressed in front of a man; not even her husband. She was very shy and self-conscience about her body. She really had no reason to be. She was slender, but had well toned muscles, her breasts were just the right size for her small frame and her hips were a little on the wide side, but it gave her a curve that most men seemed to love. 

She raised her shaky hands to the hem of her tank top, but lowered them back to her sides. "Derrick, I can't do this."

Seeing her reluctance and fear, he slowly walked over to her, wrapping his arm around her waist, the other slowly raising up as he lightly trailed his fingertips along her arm. Leaning forward, he brushed his lips against hers. She closed her eyes, melting in his embrace; her body tingling as sparks went off in her head. 

His lips trailed along her cheek and rested next to her ear. He slipped his hand from around her waist and cupped her firm breast in his hand, letting his thumb gently sweep across the nipple straining against the fabric of her bra and shirt. 

"Are you sure you can't do this?" he whispered in her ear. 

"Yes, I-I'm sure." She gasped as he slid his hand under her shirt, gripping the hard pebble between thumb and finger, pinching and pulling her nipple through the lacy fabric of her bra. 

Letting his other hand fall back down her arm, he went to work on her pants. Once he had the button undone and the zipper down, he trailed his finger along her belly, just above the top of her panties. Normally this would've tickled her and Jessica would've busted out laughing, but she was so lost in the moment, there was no sensation other than the electrical pulse he sent through her with every touch. 

He pushed her jeans down slightly to give his hand more room. He cupped her mound over her panties, feeling how drenched they were. Derrick's middle finger began lightly tickling her slightly parted lips through the fabric, feeling them quiver. Jessica moaned, her hips starting to grind down on his hand. 

"Are you sure?" he whispered in her ear again. 

"I... can't... do this... Derrick." She said through heavy breathing. She knew that was just a lie. She wanted to do this, needed to do this more than she needed anything. He intoxicated her. She was at his mercy and he knew. He'd known since the moment their eyes met. 

His finger moved faster, finding the small bump of her hidden jewel. Releasing her nipple, he reached behind her. His hand still under her shirt, with one swift motion, he unhooked the clasps of her bra. He stepped back, finger never slowing down, and lifted her shirt and bra, revealing the milky flesh of her breasts. Her pink nipples stood at full attention, surrounded by the dark, puffy circle of her areola. Derrick bent down, lifting her left breast and sucked the ready nub between his lips. 

A soft moan escaped her lips and her hands went to his head, pulling him to her. Her breathing became ragged as she felt his tongue circle and flick her sensitive nipple. He gently nipped at it, gripping it between his teeth and giving a little tug before showing the same attention to the other. 

"Are you?" his muffled words came from around her breast. 

"Yes." She moaned loudly, feeling her climax approaching. 

He pushed her panties aside and dipped two fingers into her smooth, dripping pussy. She started breathing wildly, moaning and grunting as his thick fingers split her open. 

"Are you?" 

He sucked on her tits with a fierceness she'd never experienced before. His hand moved faster, the heel of his palm making contact with her clit with each upward thrust. His mouth left her chest and covered hers, licking, tasting and sucking her tongue. 

"Yes, Derrick!" she screamed after breaking her mouth away from his. "My God, yes!" 

He pulled her face to his and kissed her again, their tongues going wild as her body shook with its orgasm. Her walls hugged his fingers tightly as her nectar flowed out of her. 

As her body calmed, his hand slowed, as did their passionate kiss. Finally, he removed his hand from her pants. The scent of her sex filled their senses as their mouths parted. 

Jessica wrapped her arms around his neck, her mind swimming. Her chest heaving against his, she felt weak and disoriented. She had never experienced such a powerful orgasm with her husband. She began to feel lightheaded and if it weren't for Derricks arm holding her close to him, she would've collapsed. 

Sensing this, he stepped to the side of her, still holding on tightly so she wouldn't fall, swept her up and carried her to the bed. After laying her down, he climbed on top of her, supporting his weight with his arms. He stared down at her, looking at the light sheen of sweat that covered her face and torso. 

"Derrick," she whispered as he leaned down to kiss her again. Her hands went to his back, softly caressing up and down before slipping them under his shirt and feeling his muscles contract with his movements. His head moved down, kissing the curve of her chin, licking and nibbling the tender flesh of her neck. 

He sat up, resting on his knees. Taking her hand, he pulled her up to a sitting position. Raising her arms, he pulled her top and bra off. She reached behind her head and pulled the tie out, letting her hair cascade down around her face and shoulders. 

The look in his eyes changed. She saw something she hadn't seen before; something she couldn't quite describe, but it sent a warm feeling through her. As she stared into his eyes, all her inhibitions melted away. She shivered as his hands caressed the curve of her heavy breasts. Goosebumps formed on her skin as he traced his fingertips down her sides. 

Leaning back, she lifted her hips as he hooked his fingers inside her panties, gently pulling them and her pants down over her hips. She leaned back further, raising her legs as he pulled them down her thighs before tossing them to the floor next to her shirt. 

Derrick just stared at her, drinking in her beauty. He loved the contours of her womanly form. He trailed his eyes down the soft lines of her neck to the gentle curve of her full breasts. They continued along her thin waist and wide hips that flowed seamlessly to her long lean legs. 

She sat up once again, slipping her fingers under the hem of his shirt and gently lifting it up and off of him. Jessica ran her long nails up and down his broad chest, twirling her fingers in his man fur. A heavy sigh poured out of his mouth when she circled the tip of her tongue around his small pebble, flicking it before sucking it between her lips. 
