 His lips, so soft to the touch, brushed the sensitive skin at the nape of her sun-kissed neck. The light moisture soaking into her skin willing, waiting, wanting to feel his velvet tongue massage her into complete utopia. He teased her, knowing exactly what she was looking for, but not wanting to give in too quickly. For months he'd watched her in amazement, her perfectly curved body swaying in front of him as if calling to him in the sweet tone of seduction. Now was his time, his time to take it. He wanted everything she had to offer, he shook with anticipation. 

She could feel him straining to keep control, though she yearned for him to let go and take her. A quiet moan escaped from her mouth into his ear to let him know she was ready for him. His hand loosened from the side of her neck and his fingers slid down to her throat. She rolled her head backwards, allowing him to continue his path. He looked cautiously up at her eyes that were slowly disappearing behind her copper lids. He was mesmerized by her face, it looked as smooth as porcelain and her lips were a beautiful deep crimson.

He lifted his fingers and ran them down her cheek, then across her jaw line as he lightly sucked on her earlobe. With that she leaned her face against his and searched his face for his lips. She planted hers against his, and with that their lips spread and their tongues locked in an unending whirlpool of lust. Her hand immediately found the back of his neck as she pulled his face into hers. While her hands invitingly pressed against his back, his explored the small of her back. His fingertip found her panties, and he playfully snapped her thong. 

Their smiles mirrored each other and with that unspoken agreement he furthered his hand underneath her skintight jeans. With his hand sturdy against her rear he lifted her and placed her on back. He made sure to get her head on the pillow. He slowly lowered himself onto her. He wrapped both hands around her sides and lifted her shirt over her head. He stared in awe of her gorgeous body, perky breasts and sparkling diamond naval ring. He leaned against her, fitting himself between her open legs, stroking one of her legs up against his waist. 

She pulled his shirt up over his head and let her hands caress down his chest, feeling every inch of his torso. His hand mimicked hers as he traced down the center of her chest, slipping through her cleavage and down over her belly button. He fingered the button of her jeans. Her back arched to let his finger slip under the button, as she tugged on the clasp of his belt. He pressed himself against her, tantalizing her, with a sly grin across his face. She pulled open his belt with a simple flick of her finger and slipped her hands around to his backside. She grabbed him hard and pulled him against her again. 

She slid his pants downwards and he pushed them to the floor. She continued to finger the thick elastic on his boxers while graciously lowering them to his thighs. His boxers joined his pants on the floor as she laid her hand flat against his groin. His eyes shut tight as she rolled him onto his back. She lifted her leg over his body and stradled his thighs. He stiffened instantly as she leaned over him letting the thin lace of her bra caress him up to his chest. She licked his tongue quickly, and then planted her lips on his neck. She kissed a path to his groin and licked a thin line down his length.

She pressed her fingers around the base of his penis, and then, without warning, deep throated every inch. His eyes clenched shut as he pushed his head into the bed. She slid him in and out of her over and over again, then, just to tease him, she pulled off and glided the tip of her tongue around his head. He pressed his hand gently against the back of her head, begging for her to take him in again. She obliged graciously. She continued for awhile longer and then right as she could feel his juices rising she wrapped both her hands around him. She could feel him trying to hold it back, but she wanted it. She tongued his head to get a starter taste. She rubbed her hands up and down his shaft and French kissed the sensitive skin between his thigh and groin. 

She could see, out of the corner of her eye, his hand squeezing the sheets in his fist. But with one quick tight jerk of her hands he unleashed himself into her open waiting mouth. She swallowed every last drop of it, licking a few off her lips and his throbbing stiffness. She pulled her hair out of her face and kissed him up to his lips. She lifted herself over his groin and let his shaft pulse against her center. She guided his hands to her waist and around to her ass, pulling her closer against him. He found the button and zipper on her jeans and rolled her to her back. He pulled her jeans down and over her feet, and her thong immediately followed. He reached up and undid her bra, the clasp lay between her breasts, and he opened it up and slid it out from under her. 

He cupped his hands around her breasts and lowered his lips onto each nipple, flicking his tongue across them and then taking them wholly into his mouth. He lightly nibbled on each, and when he felt her legs start to shake he began to kiss his own path to the small patch of hair that was neatly trimmed to perfection. He lifted her knees over his shoulders and held her at her hips. Right as she took a heavy breath in, he plunged his tongue deep into her core. She gasped as he wriggled his tongue inside of her. He pulled out and clamped his mouth over her clitoris. He sucked and flicked his tongue violently against her. Her legs shook more with every touch of his tongue.

He stopped and rammed two fingers inside of her, she arched her breasts to the skies and let out a moan that shook the whole room. He then continued to thrust three of his fingers into her while still sucking and licking her sensitive clitoris. She went wild, screaming and bucking until she pushed her hand up against his hair, holding him exactly where he was while she continued to shake and buck. Her legs stilled and her hips relaxed, and right as she exhaled a sigh of relief he slammed his fingers as deep as he could and he felt her juices gush past his fingers. He took out his fingers and placed his mouth directly over her drenched slot. He drank every drop of it.

She grabbed his shoulders tightly with both hands, and he came up to her face. Their eyes met for a split second and she threw him onto his back. She mounted him like she'd done it time and time again, and pressed him as deep inside of her as she could. He grabbed her waist and led her on and off his throbbing penis. They both clenched their eyes shut and held each other for dear life. The pace quickened until her breasts bounced wildly. He sat up and held her body against his. He slowed her down and took her breasts into his mouth. He sucked and licked it until her fingernails were dug deep in his back. He got her on her back and he thrust into her like he was trying to break her in half. She screamed in pain, but when he continued her screams turned into deep moans.

She wrapped her legs tight around him as he pushed harder and faster, filling her every inch with his stiffness. He knelt underneath her and with his hands on her hips he held her in place as he thrust against her. They could hear her wetness hitting his hips with force. Then, together, they froze in place as he shot his juices through her body, she arched her back and her hips gave one last buck as she covered him with her silky wetness. He leaned down and kissed her passionately on the lips, as he slowly pulled out, but right before he released his tip, he rammed it in hard and fast. She shot to attention, and he pulled out. 

He slid his hand from her neck to her leg, and gently caressed the inside of her thigh. He swiped a finger between her drenched lips just to flick it over her sensitive clitoris as he lay on his side with his chest pressed against her back. Her leg wrapped around his and he pulled her ass against his penis, which was already hard for her again. She let out a tiny giggle as he spread her cheeks. Right as he was about to enter her, he kissed her shoulder, then dove into her. He pounded roughly against her and then reached around with his fingers. He spread her lips with two fingers and flicked her clit with another. 

She arched into him and started to moan even louder than before. He pulled her onto her hands and knees and leaned over her so as to tweak her nipple with his free hand. The contradiction of his gentle stroking of her nipples to the pounding of him inside her threw waves of pleasure through her body. She moaned for him to slow down, to push deeper, but he couldn't no matter how much he tried. She couldn't stand it any longer. She went weak and fell into the bed.

He paused for a moment, letting her catch her breath as she lay, collapsed on the bed. He leaned down towards her raised buttocks allowing his erection to gently rest against her succulent lower lips. He moved himself back and forth against her, feeling her wetness prepare him for reentry. She caught her breath and let out a sigh. She rocked her body against his muscle; she wanted him to know she was ready to take him again. He continued his gentle pleasuring knowing full well this was just what she needed. 

Once her strength came back to her she leaned up on her arm and with her right hand she cupped the exposed side of his penis. She moved her hand along with her body, she could see his lowered jaw in the corner of her eye. His moves became more deliberate. She let her thumb slip from her grip on him and slide across the tip of his head, she traced light but impressive circles around the head. She could feel his juices rising higher and higher. She took her thumb away, and with a sudden move of her hips and gentle guide of her hand she rammed his length deep inside of her, then –just as quickly- pulled him out.

He almost lost it right then and there. He whipped her up against his body and she knelt in front of him. He placed her right above him and he bounced her back and forth over his rock hard member. Moving back and forth against each other caused the amount of friction that could drive a man wild. He tried to keep himself calmed, he pulled her down to him by her shoulders, slowing their moves to a gently paced forward sway.

He realized that while sitting up he was in reach of her whole body, so he touched every inch of it. He ran his wide hands down her throat, to her breasts. He lightly massaged one in each hand, then massaged downward inch by inch. His left hand rested, centering itself right below her belly button, while his right ventured lower. He slid the inside of his middle finger up and down her clit, and when she sucked in a hard breath he flicked it side to side. Her body jerked up. He immediately stilled his hand and pressed her harder against him with his left. 

He kissed her neck as he lowered his fingers to her throbbing lips. He ran his fingers along them, feeling the juices that had already leaked out. She turned to him and kissed him hard, and with that he delved two fingers into her. He pushed them hard and deep inside her, as he rocked himself into her from behind as well. She placed her hand over his as he fingered her, and without warning she slid her middle finger inside herself with his. Once she knew he had noticed what she'd done she pulled her finger out and began to rub her wet finger against her clit. She rubbed faster and faster, and before either of them knew it they were shaking and bucking themselves into frenzy.

They collapsed on the bed, both out of breath and drained of strength. With his last bit of strength her laid her on her back and crawled down to her core. He lightly ran the back of his hand above her clit and, with the most gentlemanly grin, clamped his mouth over her slot. His tongue slowly explored every drenched crevice and his mouth sucked every last drop away. Once she was dry, he gave one last tongue flick to her clit and she had one last orgasm.

He crawled back up to her and they fell asleep.