 She ran down the stairs,quickly, then burst into the living room. "Jack!"

The phone rang shrilly as Rhyley ran to answer it. Out of breath, she panted as she lifted the receiver. "Hello.....Richards residence."

"Rhyley? This is Amanda.....is Jack ready yet?"

"Almost. He is terribly nervous, honey." She looked at the bedroom door and wished he would hurry. He was going to be late!

"Okay. I...uh...I'm pretty nervous, too. Just tell him I am waiting, okay?"

"No problem. He will be there, I guarantee it!"

"Thanks, hon. See you soon." Rhyley hung up the "What?" He spun around and looked like we was about to be attacked.

"Let's go. You have had enough time. Stop being so bashful. Amanda called. She is worried you aren't going to show up!" He sighed and stood very still.

"How do I look, sweetie?"

"Mmm, honey, you look absolutely delicious. Too good to be true, trust me! Come on. It's time to go."

"Alright.....I am ready." He slipped past her and she frowned a bit. She didn't want to see him get married, but she knew he loved this woman very much. The cologne he wore made her so jealous. She bought it for him. She sighed and shrugged. Amanda was going to be happy. She knew it.

"Rhyley! A minute ago you were pushing me out the door! Now what are you doing?"

"Daydreaming...." she mumbled. "Um, nothing! On my way. Take my car, the limo will be waiting after the ceremony."

"Gotcha." He grabbed her keys off the hall table and was out of sight.

Rhyley squared her shoulders and stepped out behind him. It will be a great evening, she thought.

The lights were crazy and she sometimes wished she never set foot there. Las Vegas was the last place she thought this marriage would take place, but she knew it held special meaning to him. 

An actual wedding in Las Vegas. Too funny. She thought of all the drunken vows spoken in the tiny quickie chapels and had to smile. A real wedding in a real church. It was too good.

She looked over at Jack and noticed he looked too pale. She was worried about him and asked him to pull over by the alley.

"Why? What's wrong?"

"Jack, you look so strange. What is going on?"

"Um, besides from nerves, I keep thinking of what we used to talk about. I miss those times, I really do."

"Oh, I remember. We talked about how we wanted each other so bad.....how if you ever got married, we would fuck each other in church beforehand. I liked that one. Made a great fantasy for me, honey."

"I want to do it."

"HUH?"

"I want to fuck you before the ceremony."

"My God! Do you know who all would see us if we did it in the church now?"

"Yes. Not there. Here. Right now."

"oh, baby....you just don't know...I have thought about this for days."

"So have I." He pulled in to the alley and they started to get out the car. "When you flew in three days ago, the only thing I could think of is you. I thought of all the things we could do while waiting for the ceremony to start."

They came to the hood of the car and kissed.

"Jack, only if you are sure. I love you, but I don't want you to have regrets."

"What about you?"

"None. I will have you, even for a short time. No regrets. For right now, you are mine."

"Oooh, honey....this is so fucking crazy!"

"I know, now hurry, lover, we don't have much time!" 

He embraced her as she pulled the shirt from his pants. Their hands shook terribly and their ragged breaths steaming in the cool air. To him, she felt to tender, round, full...he cared so deeply for her. He moaned at the thought of what he was going to do. He couldn't wait much longer.

She couldn't control herself. His hardness pressing against her was making her excited. To her, he felt so soft, loving, strong. She loved him very much. The thought of him taking her after all this time made it special to her. They made it through years as friends, now, for just this moment, they would be lovers.

"Jack, please.....God, baby, please..." He lifted her skirt as she slid up the hood, leaning in to kiss her deeply. She moaned into his mouth, surrounding herself with him.

"Ahhh, honey....fuck, I need you!" He opened his pants, his shaft springing out to meet her.

She held her breath as he entered her, taking tiny thrusts. When he was sure she was ready for him, he moved his hand, sliding fully into her waiting tunnel.

"Aahh, baby, yes....you are too good to me!" He smiled at her as he watched her face express her pleasure. "Mmm, please....don't stop. This feels too good!"

He leaned into her, kissing her neck and shoulders, her nipples hardening, begging to be licked. As he nibbled his way down to her breasts, she ran her fingers through his hair wanting to hold him closer. His mouth captured her tiny bud, suckling tenderly while she cried out to their mutual bliss.

"Jack! Oh my God, oh my God...." Her voice trailed off to groans ever deepening as she reached her climax. He slowed his pace to let her sail through, then he resumed his firm thrusting.

"Oohhh, honey, I have wanted you for so long. I want to be perfect for you."

"You are wonderful, Jack. You always have been. Your turn, lover. Come for me...."

"Ah, shit, Rhyley.....ahhhhh......" Hearing her voice, wanting to please her, he came. His head leaned back like he would scream, but soft grunts emerged from his throat instead. He laid on her, letting his strength return as she stroked his back whispering such sweet things to him.

"Rhyley, I...I just...." She put her hand out and he quieted.

"It's okay. This was for us. Now we have to go." He looked at his watch and jumped back. 

"We have ten minutes!"

"Get in the car, I'm driving!"

"Jesus, Rhyley, how am I gonna clean up!? I am soaked, I swear!"

"In the glove compartment I have wet-naps. Use those." At his glance, she added "I have family with kids, remember?" He nodded and set to work cleaning up. 

He did the best he could as she sped along, trying to keep from being late. 

Christ....he's getting married. I'm gonna lose him. No, you're not. He's still your friend, right? Shut up. Rhyley wasn't consoled by her thoughts at all.

She concentrated on the road instead, making it to the chapel in plenty of time.

"Jack! Thank God! Hurry, Amanda is afraid that you were going to stand her up." Her uncle took his arm and they ran off to the altar to wait the lovely bride.

Rhyley took her time parking her car and entered the chapel taking the first seat available in the back pews. She sighed heavily, but smiled. This was going to be a wonderful evening.

She checked her watch and saw it was two minutes to go. She still couldn't figure out why they wanted to get married at eight at night, but she wasn't going to ask.

The ceremony went off well, the groom managed to keep from fainting and the bride looked so beautiful. Rhyley was proud that they went so well together, even though she was envious. As they passed her on the way out, Jack's eyes met her briefly. What she saw made her burn again. He will remember this day for many reasons, she thought. 

As she waited for the chapel to clear, she made up her mind to go to the reception. She wanted to see them off. Maybe she would get a chance to toast them. After all, she really was happy that they look so wonderful together. 

She sneered at her own thoughts and smiled again. They do look great together.

She was last to the reception and she looked for a good spot to check out the room. She chose near the bandstand, that way she could be out of the line of sight, but still see everything. She was always strange that way.

She kept her drinks to water and soda and enjoyed a few dances, but mostly kept to herself. She didn't want to be in the way, even though she wasn't.

As Amanda and Jack cut the cake, she had a bad idea. She grinned, but covered it with her napkin.

She excused herself from the table and walked quickly to the bathroom. As Amanda and Jack smothered each other in cake, she waited in the last stall of the men's bathroom. Tonight was going to be interesting.

Jack told his friends that he was going to clean up and headed off to the bathroom. He had a change of clothes waiting and he was getting fed up with his tie. Helicked the cake from his lip and smiled. It has been a great day, he thought. He stopped for a moment and thought of Rhyley. He frowned a bit. He did have his regrets. She was his friend. That had changed, but she would always be there for him and he for her. 

But still....he had his regrets.

He entered the restroom alone and started working on getting his coat and shirt off before he cleaned off his face and hair. He unbuttoned his shirt and he caught a flash of something in the corner of his eye.

"I always loved your belly, hon."

"Damn, Rhyley, you scared the hell out of me!"

"Sorry, sweetie. I just wanted to be alone with you for a bit. I wanted to tell you that I am glad you two are finally happy."

"Thank you, honey. Are you okay? I know that earlier was...well....fantastic, but I..."

"It's okay. Really. I knew it wouldn't last, but I loved it for what it was. I am fine."

"Okay. Then I believe you. What are you doing here, anyway?"

"Oh, I wanted to give you my wedding gift, love. Just for you. The box in the hall is for her. This is for you." She came up to him and put her hands to his crotch. She pulled his zip down as he stood there in slight shock.

"Oh, God, Rhyley....." He closed his eyes as his hand grabbed her wrist. "We can't. Jesus, we just can't."

"Yes, we can. You are hers tonight, but for now, you are mine." With those words, his cock stiffened and pushed into her warm hand. "Mmm, that's it, baby. You are mine."

"God, Rhyley.....please....it's not right. Not now...."

"This says otherwise, lover," she said as she stroked his shaft. Her grip quickened and his hips began involuntarily thrusting in her palm. "Tell me you want it, baby. Tell me you need it." His head tilted back and his hands held her shoulders to brace himself.

"God..baby...please....yes. Fuck, I want it. I want you. Oh my God, what am I gonna do?"

"You are going to fuck me. Right now." She turned to the stall she previously waited in and shut the door as he entered behind her. He stood in a daze as she had him sit on the stool.

"Mmm, that's it, honey. Sit right there...I wanna ride you tonight." She pulled his shirt open, ripping the buttons as she settled into his lap. Her skirt rode high on her thighs as he slid his hands up to her hips. 

"Jesus, Rhlyey, you fucking whore....what you do to me." He kissed her neck, licking lightly over her throat. "I need you, baby. Oh, yes, oh you promised me." She eased onto him, her hands on his shoulders to keep balance. 

Her slick walls tightened over him as she lets him penetrate her. His eyes closed tightly as she sank firmly down his shaft. "Fuck, babe!" He gritted his teeth as she rolled her hips down on him. Her smirk widened as he tossed his head back, his eyes open, glassy.

"Fuck me, Jack. Come on....give it to me like only you can."

His eyes flashed, meeting hers with immeasurable heat. He took her by the hair, pulling her mouth to his. She gasped as his tongue invaded her mouth, stroking her senses, setting her aflame. They groaned together as they made love, hot, passionate, lustful. 

The scent of their extertions rose in the air, thick and heavy. Sighs and moans becoming a song, the music made by the simple movements of the body.

"Oohhh, honey....you feel wonderful. Ah! Dammit, Rhyley....give it all to me!" Jack buried his face in her ample breasts as he moved deeply inside her. He could smell her arousal, her desire. That alone drove him on to blissful insanity.

"Jack...Jack....Jaaack....JAAACK!" Needing to release, Rhyley screamed to him. He read her body well and took her harder, not letting one stroke go to waste. Her nails drew down his back as she gritted her teeth. Panting, she bucked and shivered as her sweet life force seeped from her steaming body. Sweat ran off her brow to his cheek as she slumped against him.

He let her rest a moment before he moved. She stood wearily at his request. She startled at his grip on her arms. When she looked to his face she saw that desire, only so much deeper.

"You are now mine," he said to her. "You are my woman, my whore, my pussy." She waited, holding her breath as he continued.

"You are mine."

He turned her around, holding her close to him. His heart was beating wildly against her back, his breaths ragged. With a firm hand he pushed her forward, her ass pressed into his groin. He lifted her skirt again, ripping her panties from her. She opened her legs wider to accommodate him. He whispered in her ear once more.

"Mine."

With an earnest thrust, he wrenched his cock into her. She said nothing, breathing was all she could do. His hands bit into her hips as he fucked her. He took her like she had always wanted, hard, fast, rough. He would always give her what she wanted.

His grunts became feral, fierce. His back burned from her scratches, but he would put everything he had into this. Thrusting, filling, aching, needing, it was all he could do.

The echoes didn't bother them; they had wanted each other like this for so long. Let them hear, she thought. Fuck them all.

His head thrown back, he took her. Again and again he pushed. He barely noticed the tell tale throbbing his loins began to fill with. He wanted to make her his own, and damn if he wouldn't.

Her hand reached down to rub her swollen clit as he leaned over her back. His hot breath felt like paradise as he growled his release.

Shooting up, he grimaced as he emptied his seed into her soaking tunnel. With each rope he left inside her, he felt closer to her. His eyes closed briefly before he pulled from her.

He stumbled back a bit and rested against the stall door. She heard him and turned quickly, worried. He waved her off and took a deep breath.

"Jack..."

"I'm fine, babe. It's okay." She nodded and let him gather his wits.

"That was great, Rhyley. Did I hurt you?"

"No, not at all. It was wonderful, lover. So good."

He smiled and he blinked at his dimples. She had always loved those.

"I have to go. I think people may be getting worried."

"I know. Clean up. Have a good time." She opened the door and looked at herself in the mirror. She adjusted herself a bit and went to leave when he stopped her.

"Please, Rhyley, am I still your friend?"

"Yes, you are. You mean too much for us to be ruined by this."

He came up behind her and kissed her head. His long arms wrapped around her with a comforting hug.

"I will see you again, then?"

"Oh yes. How could you even ask, dear man?"

"I wanted to be sure."

"I am yours now, Jack. You know this." She walked out the door and out the back. 

He watched her as long as he could, listening for her departure. He turned to the faucets and began cleaning up. As he looked at himself, he paused.

"Mine," was all he said.