 This story is 100% true. I have always wanted to write about it but never got around to it until now. This is my first try at writing but if you like the story or just want to get to know me after reading it, I can be reached through the link below. I would love to hear your thoughts on the story. I wrote this story first hand as best my memory could serve me.

It was 2002 and I was halfway through college. I had a great life. This included a great group of friends, a great job, and I was lucky enough to attend a great school which led a pretty good social life. The biggest stress in my life at this time was my living situation. Having lived next to campus for the past two years, my lease was up and I wasn't sure I wanted to stay so close to campus. I felt it was time for a change. 

Living close to campus was great, don't get me wrong. I enjoyed many hook-ups with girls from school, especially those who were still living in the campus dorms. Having a great apartment so close to campus was an attractive thing to these young girls. Some of my best sexual encounters came during this time. One that I remember vividly was with Ashley, a large breasted, petite brunette who was by far the "loudest" girl I have ever been with. She was a naughty girl and loved for me to lick her pussy, something I love to do. While I am generally a quiet guy until I get to know someone, Ashley brought out the best in me. She kept the neighbors up many nights with her screams as we fucked. I know because of their stomping.

With decision time on my living situation looming, I got a surprising call from my sister on a Friday afternoon.

"Hey Chris, how are you doing little bro?"

Hey Steph! Doing well, ready for the weekend. What's new with you?"

"Well, are you still looking for a place to live?"

"Actually I am......how come?"

"Well, I just found out that Becky (her roommate) is moving in with John (roommate's boyfriend) at the end of the month but we still have 5 months on our lease. I wanted to see if you wanted to move in? It would be fun and you would love it here!"

We had actually discussed this as a possibility the prior year but the timing was bad and it didn't end up happening. While I tried to gather my thoughts and also deal with the luck I had just been dealt, I told her I would let her know later that day. I couldn't believe her best friend, who is also a total hottie Becky, was moving out on her! My sister and I always got along well growing up but weren't what you would consider "close". There were close to 5 years between us in age so we never really hung out with the same people or did the same things. One thing I did know though is that she loves to have a good time and has some really hot friends. After giving it some thought for about an hour, I called her back and told her "absolutely, I would love to move in". I looked forward to what I expected to be a very fun summer.

2 months later:

Moving in day came before I knew it. Between summer school classes, work, and packing my things up, time flew by. When moving day arrived 2 friends and I moved my furniture and belongings in. We rented a U-Haul for the day and got the moving aspect of it done much quicker than expected. My sister greeted me at the door to her place when we arrived with the truck full of belongings wearing a short sun dress and handed me some keys before telling me she was off to the lake for the weekend. I learned she planned it purposely for that weekend so that I could have some space to get my things unpacked and to get settled. Such a nice sister! 

My room was great. It was much bigger than my past bedroom and it had a huge walk-in closet. No complaints from me. It took me the better part of a day to get most of my things unpacked but I was able to get it done. I hoped to go check out some of the bars in my new neighborhood that weekend and knowing my sister was gone for the weekend gave me some extra motivation. I figured I would get a good night sleep that night so that the next say I could finish getting organized and go out that night. By 9:30, I was already very tired. I decided that I would check my email and head to bed. My sister had her computer located in the den area, an open room adjacent to the living room. While I waited for the computer to turn on, I looked around at her belongings and desk. I immediately noticed that she owned a webcam. Interesting I thought to myself, I didn't know she owned one. I had always contemplated getting on for myself and never got around to it due to laziness and never really thinking too when at Best Buy or some sort of electronics store. As the computer got running and I logged into my email, I realized I had an email from a girl Amanda who I was casually dating. The email stated that she wishes I was with her in Colorado that weekend but that she hoped my move in went well. Unexpected sweetness from her, I thought to myself. I immediately thought of the last time we had messed around and realized I hadn't gotten off for 3 days. That was a long time for me! Normally in a time like this I would have her come over. If that wasn't an option, I would possibly read a naughty story or look at some porn online. However this situation faced me with an unusual challenge. For some reason, I didn't feel comfortable looking up porn on my sisters computer. Looking back, I am not sure why but at that moment, I had a feeling of uneasiness about it, even though I realized I was horny. 

Since I was bored and feeling a bit lonely, I logged into some yahoo chat rooms. While I was in a naughty mood, I also was in a chatty mood so thought I would see what might be happening. I had zero expectations about anything. I popped in and out of a few different rooms, not finding much of anything but fake chat bots and "pay to play" ladies. You know those kind, fake im's trying to drive traffic to some pay for webcam website. Just as I was about to log off, I got an im from a girl named "Becky" that said "Hiya :)" I figured she was fake but as I looked at her profile, she looked real, and had a genuine profile. Before I could write back she said: "I think you're the only real guy here"

Let me just say real quickly, this actually happened. I still can't believe it. Ok I digress.

"I could say the same about you". I said to her.

"lol, well, I am real! My name is Stacey. I am a 21F, Orange County. I saw your profile.....your cute. :). and I am bored. Wanna chat?"

"Must be my lucky night" I typed back. "I would love to. I was just about to leave too so maybe it's your lucky night too. lol. Lots of lame people here it seems. Not sure what I was thinking tonight!"

As the conversation started I couldn't believe my luck. She was incredibly cute - blond hair, blue eyes, cute smile. Looked like your all American girl, seemed entirely normal, and we talked like we had known one another for years. As we continued to get to know one another and realized we had a lot of similar interests, she completely surprised me.

"I can't believe I am saying this since I hardly know you, but I am really enjoying talking to you. Would you like to see me while we chat?"

My heart skipped a beat. 

I hadn't even thought of this! I am hardly online let alone enough to chat and furthermore get to see a beautiful woman while we chat. All I could reply was "of course!"

Within moments she appeared on my screen and looked even better than her picture. She had light blonde hair that went just to her shoulders. Beautiful white teeth that had obviously been catered to with braces in her youth. Most of all though I recognized her eyes. They drew me in. I was mesmerized looking at her and my heart immediately began to race, for no reason at all. I remember still feeling a sense that she wasn't real, would eventually link me to some website of hers. That never happened. Sometimes, I guess two people are in the right place at the right time.

We continued to chat about random things such as our families, our upbringing, political beliefs, and even religion. I soon realized we had been chatting for over 2 hours even though it seemed like 10 minutes. It felt so right. She then asked me: "I know this is a long shot but, I don't suppose you have a way for me to see you to, do you?"

I had completely forgotten about my sisters webcam! I got nervous though too. While I am in great shape and have been told I am an attractive guy, I felt a sense of insecurity sweep over me. Could I really do this? Do I trust her? For whatever reason, I told her that it was her lucky night and that assuming I could figure it out, I would show her.

A little about me: I am an average looking guy with a great smile and what I think, a good looking body. Having run multiple marathons and incorporating a workout into my schedule most days, has fitted me with a lean, muscular body, without looking like I am a "meathead". I have big blue eyes and light brown hair, something that has gotten darker as I have gotten older. All American? Probably not. Handsome? Absolutely.

As I fired up the webcam, my heart continued to beat faster. Why am I nervous?, I asked myself! Normally self confident when meeting women at bars or at school, I couldn't realize why I had this sense of nervousness about this girl online who I had been talking to now for a few hours. As those thoughts swept across my mind, I realized I was now being seen. I did the only thing I could naturally do, I smiled.

"There you are. Even better than your picture. :)" she said to me.

"Thanks. I feel awkward on here....for some reason though, you make me feel comfortable."

"I can say the same thing about you. I figured since we seemed to be getting along, why not look at one another at the same time? It would be no different than if we were meeting in person! Plus, its 2008, technology affords us that." she said.

"Great point" I replied to her. "So since we are pretending we met at a bar, should we each get a drink?" I said this half jokingly although at that moment, a drink did sound good. I thought it might help my nervousness/excitement of seeing her while we chatted. Her smile was so beautiful, her skin so soft looking.

"That sounds great! brb in 5 while I make myself something?"

"Works for me"

As I entered my kitchen I had to somewhat pinch myself. I couldn't believe how this evening had turned out. Just a few hours ago I was extremely tired after moving in and unpacking. Now here I was engaged in a great, intelligent conversation with a beautiful girl, making myself a cocktail, thinking about the possibilities. As I did so, I felt my cock jump to life in my pants. 

Heading back to the computer I got myself settled while noticing she hadn't returned yet. I took a sip of my drink, a jack and coke and savored that first taste on my lips. As I watched her cam, I noticed the shadows change in her room, saw the edge of a door close, and saw her return to her seat. This was actually my first time seeing her full body, and although it was brief, it looked incredible. As she sat back down, drink in hand I asked her, "what did you make for herself.

"Just a jack and diet cock"

"umm, excuse me? that sounds awfully naughty!"

"OMG! I meant coke! haha. oops. guess my mind is in the wrong place!" She had a sly smile on her face all while typing. "Really, I didn't mean that!

"I won't hold it against you. lol. Anyway, great minds think alike. I poured myself the same thing!"

"Its my favorite" she replied "Plus it takes away some of my nerves"

"Your nervous too?" I asked her.

"Just a little bit. But in a good kinda nervous way. I don't turn on my cam all that often, let alone someone I met that same night. You seem different than most guys I have met online though"

I decided to be bold. "Well then, since we are both easing our nerves and are supposedly meeting in a bar now, you should stand up and let me see the rest of you. Since I can only see your pretty face right now. If we were in a bar I would be seeing all of you anyway"

"Only if you can handle it, lol!" With that, she began to stand up. As she did, she initially leaned forward, exposing her cleavage to me as she adjusted her cam. It wasn't intentional on her part, I don't think, but it was certainly welcomed on my end. She then backed up enough for me to reveal a white take top covering her breasts. As she backup up further, I saw that she had on a pair of navy blue sweat pants. she smiled at me, did a little twirl and leaned in to begin typing something. "How is that for you?"

"I am speechless and my heart is racing. Is that what you hoped to accomplish?! lol. you look fantastic."

"It was. good, I am glad" she typed before sitting down.

Before I could catch my breath and realize what was happening she said: "your turn"

"Only if you can handle it" I mockingly typed back. As I stepped back from my chair and stood up, I realized it made me excited to show myself off like this. it was unlike anything I had experienced before. Even to this day, it is difficult to accurately describe.

"You look like you are in pretty good shape" she typed. "I like that. :)"

'I try, I try" I responded. Not knowing anything better to say. 

As I sat back down and smiled, I noticed she was smiling at me too. There was a brief moment of silence from the chat where we just looked at one another and smiled, realizing we were thoroughly enjoying one another's company. I took another sip of my drink as she broke the silence. 

"Can I propose something kinda crazy?"

"Only if you take a sip of your drink first. I don't want you falling behind!"

She took a sip of her drink and began typing. Many different thoughts ran through my head in this moment. Was it going to be something truly crazy that would scare me off? I mean, she did already seem to cool to be true. Would it be something naughty? Would she tell me she was tired and wanted to go for the night?"

Her long message finally appeared.

"I don't chat online all that often and honestly can't believe I have had such a good time tonight talking with you. You have made me smile, made me laugh, and made me feel comfortable. I told myself that you probably weren't real or were some old guy but when you turned on your cam, I realized I was wrong. You are hot. I can't stop looking at you. I figured this conversation could go one of two ways from here. I could be a good girl, tell you I was tired, and turn in for the night at which point I would likely lie in bed wondering if we would ever chat again. Or I could propose something to keep us entertained. So I choose that. Still with me?"

"mm hmm" I replied, not able to think of anything better to say as my heart beat picked up again.

"Ok, so I was thinking we should play a form of 20 questions since there is still so much for us to find out about one another. When you ask the other person a question though, you must accompany it with a guess as well. If you are correct, you can just smile and bask in the lucky guess. If you lose however, you lose an article of clothing."

'Wow" was all I could type in response.

"and I want to say lastly, I have NEVER done this before Chris. I am not even sure why I am now, maybe it is the alcohol, but, I trust you and you are the first normal guy I have met on here."

"I trust you too. and it sounds like a lot of fun. so, you're on". 

She smiled nervously. I smiled nervously back. 

"Who goes first?" I asked her.

"Well, since I made up this silly game, I guess it's only fair that I go first. I am curious about something. You are very attractive, have a great personality, and are spending a weekend night chatting online with me. I find that very confusing! So tell me, how many women have you had sex with?"

"Oh, and before you answer, my guess is 15.

I sheepishly smiled back at her before responding.

"Well well, I can't wait to see what article of clothing will be discarded! You are way off. Despite my charm and good looks, lol, I am not a man slut. My number is 7. I think that is respectable!"

"Very respectable...and surprising" she replied. "I wouldn't have guessed it, which obviously, I didn't. shoot. Well, rules are rules. What should I take off first?

"Surprise me :)"

With that, she stood up, and reached her hands down and grabbed the bottom of her tank top. She teasingly began to lift it up exposing her belly. It was very flat and I could tell she worked out. She then bent completely over, facing me and I saw her leg lift up ever so slightly. With that, she stood back up and showed me in her hands, two white socks. She has a huge smile on her face and typed "gotcha"

"Not cool at all! I see how it is you tease!" I was secretly hoping for something more, as was my cock, but I enjoyed the tease.

"I never said anything was going to be easy, did I? Your turn" She then took a huge sip of her drink.

"Ok, let's see. When was the last time for had sex?" I asked her. "oh, and my guess is two weeks ago"

She immediately began hysterically laughing! "wow, you are wayyyyyy off" she wrote.

"before you make fun of me, let me tell you something. My father is a pastor and I grew up in a VERY conservative strict household. I lost my virginity at 19. Believe it or not, even given this conversation with you tonight, which is out of the norm for me, I don't have sex with just anyone. It is something I still consider very special. I haven't had sex for over a year."

"are you serious? I mean, that is great. I really can respect that a lot. It's just that you are so hot, sexy, beautiful.....so many different ways I could describe you. It isn't often I meet a girl who actually has some values. wow. on one hand I am sorry it has been so long but on the other, I really respect it a lot."

"thanks. :). Will you stop complimenting me so much though? You are making me blush. I am proud of myself. believe me though, it is tough. However, that doesn't mean I don't have a naughty side. :)"

"I think I know that already! I like the combination though :)" I replied.

"I think you owe me something?"

"ahhhh I thought you had forgotten. what should it be?"

"I like surprises. :)"

So I stood up and my heart began racing again. I took a sip of my drink, which was now about halfway gone, and backed up enough so that she could see me entire body. With that I reached down and grabbed the bottom of my shirt. I lifted it up and over my head, then tossed it to the side. I saw her mouth the words "wow" as I looked up at her cam. The outline of my abs shone and my muscular shoulders appeared for her. I just stood there for a moment letting her look before I sat back down. "I was getting hot in here anyway" I teasingly typed.

"omg, you are hot! she said. I love your chest. yummy." she wrote and then smiled at me.

"Thanks" I said. "I am not used to getting compliments online! "Your turn"

"Ok, let's see. if you had in reality met me at a bar tonight and at the end of the night were saying goodbye to me with the intention of trying to turn me on, but only had one kiss to do so, where would that kiss be?" How is that for a question Chris?! I am going to guess that you would choose my neck"

"How do you know that I won't lie to get what I want?" I said to her.

"Whose to say that I wouldn't mind if you did?" :)

"are you real? I mean really? haha" was all I could think of to say. This is too good to be true I told myself.

"yes Chris, I am real! Stop saying that!"

"haha ok. Good guess, I would absolutely love to kiss your neck. But it wouldn't be the first place I would go to. That would be reserved for the spot right behind your ear. I would pull your hair away with my free hand and slowly and softly kiss behind your ear, and maybe even nibble your ear lobe. I think you would like it a lot too.

"mmm that sounds really nice. I think I would like it too. I love being kissed there". I noticed she squirmed in her seat as she typed. "I think that would be really nice". It made my cock once again jump to life in my pants.
