 As we walked back in to the reception hall, I saw my wife and all of her friends sitting at our table. "We've been looking all over for you ladies. Where did you go?" I asked Tammy.

"We were wondering the same thing," Tammy said. "We were waiting for you outside the main entrance."

"That damn elevator was taking forever so we took the stairs down," I lied.

I looked over to see Jenny greeting a young man I had not noticed when we walked up. "This is my boyfriend, Tim," Jenny said. I greeted him, and they walked out to the dance floor. As they left, Jenny looked back over her shoulder and smiled at me. My wife grabbed my hand and pulled me out to dance with them. She asked me if I thought Jenny was cute. "Not really," I lied. "She's too skinny."

After a while we went back and sat down with the group. My wife went off to the bathroom, and Tim went to get Jenny some punch. Jenny was sitting next to me and leaned over to me. "You're cum is dripping down my leg. Can I have my panties back know."

"Not until I get your number." I whispered. She borrowed my pen and scratched her phone number on a corner of the paper napkin. I tore it off, and handed her panties back to her under the table.

Tammy jumped up and walked around to my side of the table and pulled me out to the dance floor. "What was that about," she asked me as we walked. I just smiled at her as we walked into the crowd and put my hand on her ass. As we danced, she ground her pussy into my leg again. She was wearing a pants suit, so she could really straddle my leg and enjoy herself.

"How long has it been since you had a good hard fuck," I whispered.

"Ten years," she replied with a smirk.

"Let's go then," I said.

We went out to the elevator, but there was a line waiting. So we took the stairs and ran up a few flights. Then I turned and gave her a kiss and pulled her close. She wasn't as pretty as Jenny, but she was very eager. As we felt each other up, I realized that we couldn't walk up seven more flights of stairs to fuck in the bathroom by the restaurant like Jenny and I. So I pulled her through the door to the 5th floor and listened for sound coming out of one of the rooms. I knocked on the first door that sounded like someone was home. "What are you doing?" Tammy said urgently. "Finding a place to fuck you," I said.

Just then a young boy opened the door. "Sorry. Wrong room," I said. And pulled Tammy further down the hallway.

I knocked on another door, and this time a middle age man answered the door. "Excuse me sir, are you alone?" I asked.

"Yes, what do you want?" he replied.

"I just met this women at a party down stairs and we were looking for a place to fuck," I said matter of factly and pushed my way past him with Tammy in tow. He started to protest, but closed the door behind us anyway. Tammy and I walked over to the bed, kissed again and I started to undo her blouse. The man saw this and sat down on a chair, and his jaw dropped. I tossed the blouse onto the floor and undid her bra. Tammy protested and pointed to the man sitting on the chair. "Don't be shy," I said. Then I looked over at him and told him not to leave that chair. He nodded.

This seemed to easy Tammy's fears, and she let the bra fall to the floor. Her breast were large and sunken, I kneaded them and kissed her with full tongue. She undid my tie and shirt, pulling them over my head. We undid our own pants in the name urgency and were soon naked. I pushed here down onto the bed and crawled between her thighs. Her pussy hair was glistening with her juices, and I couldn't resist eaten her. I licked with all the expertise I had, fingered her hot cunt box and tickled her G-spot. She came twice, rapidly, and I was ready to be inside her.

For the second time that night I asked, "Can I cum inside your pussy?" She moaned, "Yes, God, yes!" I rubbed my cock on her pussy lips, and slid it all the way in, missionary style. It must have been a long time for her, because she came immediately. She grunted and panted hard as I pistoned my cock in and out of her pussy. Her pussy walls were hot and thick with her juices. Her clit was engorged with blood and I made sure I pounded it hard with each stroke. She lifted her knees up to allow my deeper access and I kept banging her roughly as she came again. That's all I could take and I rammed my cock all the way in and came inside her. I held her for a second as my cock jerked inside her.

I pulled out of her and crawled up her body so that my cock was at her lips. "Clean it off," I said. She hesitated but did it. Her warm lips and tongue felt great on my cock. When she finished, I got up to get dressed. Tammy just lay there watching me. "Do you have to go?" she asked. "Yes, my wife is probably be looking for me," I said.

As I finished dressing, I remembered the man sitting on the chair. He was still there with a raging hard on, staring at Tammy. I looked at Tammy. Her legs were still spread wide, with my cum dripping from her pussy. I went to the bathroom, grabbed a towel and covered her eyes with it. "What is that for," She asked. "It's a surprise," I said. Then I motioned to the man to come over and put my finger to my lips in a silent "shhhh." I pointed at her pussy, and he knew what to do. He kneeled between her legs and started licking up my cum and teasing her clit. She moaned, grabbed his head and pushed it down into her soaked cunt. I quietly closed that door behind me and took the stairs back to the dance. I found my wife, who was again looking for me, and took her home for some more fun.