 Have you ever felt lust so strong, it's all you could think about? It's overwhelming, all consuming, and you can't live without getting exactly what you want. That intensity can make people think they are in love, but me, I know better. I know what that kind of lust, that fire that brought me to you. When I first saw you, I knew you would ruin me for any other. I knew those strong arms around me, would utterly destroy my soul, and you would own me. 

I'll never forget your voice or the way your smile was entirely predatory the first time you saw me. I enjoyed feeling like I was caught by you, trapped. I was your prey and there was no way I could fight that captivating pull between us. Even now, after you've left my bed, I still ache for you. I never got your name, or why you chose me. As I write this, I don't even know if I'll ever see you again. But I realize some things are too good. It's like capturing lightning bugs in mason jars, yes they are beautiful, but if you keep them, they'll die. 

So here it is. Our one night. I'll try to write it down, so I lose none of it. When I think about you, I'll bring this out, and just maybe it'll bring that memory back to life. Just maybe.

#

I sat my money down on the bar, leaving it for the bartender as I took my drink and stepped away to my little nook in the corner. I watched the crowd as they slowly got drunk on the cheap one dollar beers, that this hole in the wall dive was so famous for. It'd been a long time, since I'd given up my pride to get drunk and act stupid like the rest of them.

It was winter, and the moment you stepped into the place, I felt a frigid draft and looked up. Our eyes met from across the room, as romantic as it sounds, your eyes didn't come across as wanting to woo a pretty young thing. Oh no, the moment our eyes met, my body went rigid with the fight or flight response, and I knew there was a predator in the room. I couldn't help it. It was all in your eyes, every little thing that you wanted to do to me. 

I watched you as you turned away to the bar, feeling better now that your eyes weren't on mine. It was good to finally take an unhindered breath. But all too soon that calm faded and you were striding towards me, all confidence and a swagger that said, 'I am the biggest and baddest motherfucker in here.' It was a warning to the others in the bar. Even though inebriated they felt it. The crowd spread like the red sea, to allow him passage and I waited silently, unable to move or turn away. 

I'd never felt that way before, scared, excited and turned on all at the same time. You were so beautiful. I made my peace with the fact that I wanted to fuck you long before you sat down in front of me at my little table. I grabbed my plastic cup of watery beer, and drank it in one long gulp. Then you were there, sitting in front of me, both your hands on the tabletop as if not to frighten me. 

"I noticed you finished your beer. Can I take you home?" You asked, that deep, gravelly voice penetrating my normally icy demeanor. 

I couldn't speak. I answered only with a nod of my head and then stood. It crosses my mind now that I was being an idiot, letting you walk me home that night, without even so much as, 'my name is.' But I wasn't thinking about your name, or who you were. All I wanted was for you to be inside me. 

You walked a step behind me, as I led you to my second story walk up. I was shaking so bad by the time we got there, I couldn't hold my keys in my hands to open the door. You took control then, for the first time, bending over to grab them and slide my key into the lock and open my door. 

I stepped through the door, once again you behind me. I draped my coat over the sofa and turned to watch you, as you did the same. Then it was over, any pretense that you were just a friend, or that you were just seeing me safely home. You grabbed my arm and pulled me up against your body. I felt your sweet breath against my cheek as I stood there, unable to look up into your eyes. Suddenly, I was shy.

You lifted me up and I wrapped my legs around your waist. Then you strode towards my bedroom as if you knew exactly where it was because you'd been there a million times. I wanted you to kiss me, but you didn't. You wouldn't for quite some time.

When finally we made it into my bedroom, you took your hands off my thighs, and flipped the switch. The sudden bright light hurt my eyes, and I had to squint just to keep them open. You dropped me and I barely landed on my feet. I grabbed at your body, holding on, you being my anchor.

When finally I thought, I wouldn't fall over, I let you go. Then you started to strip your clothes. I stood there unable to move, but for fidgeting with the buttons of my blouse. I wanted to be naked too but I didn't have the courage, and by the time you were finished only three of the seven buttons on my shirt were undone. I was lost staring at your nakedness. It was a surreal experience, seeing you bare before me for the first time. 

"Take them off," you demanded, barely a whisper when I looked into your eyes. "Now!"

I tried to do as he asked, but I wasn't as confident being naked in front of him, as he was so in front of me, and I kept getting tripped up in the buttons of my shirt. Eventually though I had the shirt off, and tossed it to the floor, then my bra, and finally my skirt and heels. 

I stood there, embarrassment flowing through me, trying to cover my erect nipples, and looking away from him as my cheeks flamed. I was not a slender woman, oh no. I was voluptuous curves and big tits to match my wide hips. I wouldn't really say I was fat, and normally I loved those curves, but too many people these days thought a woman should have a slender boy body, and that was not me. Nor was I one of those women that wished I looked like that.

I was lost in my embarrassment, and I hadn't realized you were standing so close to me now, our bodies just barely touching. I could feel the warmth of your skin radiating through to my body. The tip of your finger was under my chin lifting my face up to look at you. Your eyes were fierce and I wanted to look away but you shook your head, and I didn't move. 

I thought you would kiss me, but you again you didn't. Suddenly, your lips were at my throat, your tongue laving at the, oh so sensitive flesh. I gasped and turned away so you could have better access. Your teeth grazed down my neck, and you pushed my arms away from my breasts. Your hands were harsh, unkind and for some reason I loved it. I couldn't stop the moans as you grabbed both my breast, kneading them then pinching my hard nipples. 

Finally you bit my neck hard, and I convulsed against you, the pain blending with the pleasure you were offering me. "I want you," I gasped, barely able to breathe much less speak. 

My words were all it took, and you pushed me back, and I fell against the bed. I watched you as you moved closer. If I hadn't noticed how you moved, before, I did now. You moved like a predator, a weapon but as much as you scared me, every move of that beautifully muscled body turned me on. Your cock stood at attention, long and thick a beautiful a little bead of pre-cum on the tip. None of my sexual experience had prepared me for a man hung like you and I knew it was going to hurt. Again, my body didn't care, and it overruled my brain at once, flooding my little cunt with wetness to ease your assault.

You bent over me, pushing my knees up, and spreading my legs. You stopped looking at my face and focused solely on my cunt. That look was like a starving animal and my pussy what you hungered for. It didn't take long for you to rip my panties from my body. The moment, I felt the heat of your breath at my entrance, I jerked up off the bed, trying to get away. I was more sensitive than I had ever been in my life. One moment, you can't wait for someone to be inside you and the next your body is so sensitized if that person stroked you just once, you'd feel like you were being ripped apart.

You laughed, and held my hips down before I could get away. Your fingers dug into the soft flesh of my hips, bruising. I would wear your mark for days. He pressed his lips against my swollen and sopping cunt. "Oh my god," I cried as your tongue slid through my slick folds to touch my clit. When you made contact, I almost careened off the bed. Then you'd remove your tongue from my clit and then fuck me with it, making me throb and ache inside. I couldn't get enough and every time I was almost at the peak, you would back off and force your tongue up inside me.

You had me begging, tears of frustration falling from my eyes. "Make me come," I pleaded and finally you stroked my clit hard with your tongue, running little circles around it. You spread my folds wider and thrust three fingers into me at once, stretching me, making me burn inside. You fucked me hard with those fingers and the pain was exquisite.

It didn't take long for me to come, shaking and thrashing against your mouth, crying out begging for more and yet needing you to stop. I couldn't help but grind my clit against your mouth as I came. But you didn't stop. No. You just kept licking and then went back to spearing my tiny hole with your tongue, fucking me with your tongue then sucking on my clit. Once back at my clit it was obvious you weren't done with this little game. No, you shoved those three fingers back inside me. At some point you turned your hand and started rubbing the pads of your fingers on the upper walls of my pussy and it wasn't a moan, or a whine I was screaming now. 

I begged you to stop, I couldn't take it anymore. At some point I thought I was going to pass out from the pleasure of what you were doing to me. That's when you flipped me onto my stomach, as if I was some weightless play thing. I lifted myself up on unsteady arms and knees, on all four in front of you, my ass up in the air for you to admire. But you didn't admire it or maybe you did. The pain of that first spanking stung, and again I tried to get away.

Tears sprang to my eyes as you slapped my ass and as much as I wanted to get away, I loved it. I wanted more, more of the pain, more of the pleasure. You slipped two fingers back inside me, keeping me filled but not giving me what I needed. Yet with every slap of your other hand you brought me closer to orgasm but right when I was on the cusp, you'd remove your fingers again. I don't know how long this went on but by the time you stopped, tears ran down my cheeks, I was a mess. I could barely catch my breath. 

When finally I was able to breathe, I lifted my upper body, and turned to look at you. Your breathing was harsh, your eyes wild. I didn't know whether to be happy that you were as affected as I was or scared that you looked like you were about to assault me. I could never tell when you looked at me, what you wanted more to beat me or fuck me. 

I saw your right hand move towards your cock, and I really wanted to see what you were doing but you slipped your fingers out of me, and replaced them with the bulbous crown of your dick. You pushed forward a little and wrapped your left hand around me, your slippery fingers turning my face towards the left and back towards you. You slipped those fingers in my mouth and said. "Taste yourself." I'd never done this and I sucked on your fingers, that salty sweet taste, wanting every last drop. 

As I sucked on your fingers you forced a little more of your cock inside me, then you would ease back and rock back in. One inch at a time, it was so good. Finally you were filling me. I couldn't suck on your fingers anymore. My jaw went lax, and I closed my eyes. You took your hand away and grabbed my long pale hair, gathering it and wrapping it around your fist, jerking my head back. It hurt but I didn't care. I was stuck in this position every muscle taut, trussed up and at your mercy as you fed my hungry little cunt your cock.

At last you were seated to the hilt inside me after a slow agonizing entrance. My flesh was pulled taut around that thick dick of yours. I felt impaled by it. Utterly destroyed. Then you backed out some and thrust hard, home. I cried out as you pulled me towards you, your arm wrapped around me, lifting me, pulling me my back against your hard chest. I lay back against you for support, as you pumped up into me. Every time you thrust you'd pull my hips against you, making those thrusts almost unbearable. 

Your hands began to roam my body as we picked up a sort of rhythm with one another, my hips gyrating as you speared me on your shaft. The staccato rhythm of lust, sex and power rolled into one. Oh, so good. Once again your hands explored my body, tweaking a nipple, or flicking at my clit. It drove me crazy, but I didn't think I was capable of coming again.

You pulled out so fast I almost fell off the bed. That moment of confusion didn't last as you turned my body, and maneuvered me onto my back, spreading my soft thighs with the palms of your large hands. I smiled up at you in a daze as you cupped your cock in a hard grasp and rubbed it hard against my clit. I bit my lip and watched as you spread the wetness over my cunt. 

Manipulating my clit was about to make me come, on the very edge of ecstasy I started screaming and you pulled back and rammed that beautiful cock home inside me. I could hear the wild slapping sounds of our flesh as we collided and it wrecked me. Again and again I screamed as you plowed into me, like a wild beast on top of me. The predator had finally come out. Until that moment, you had been careful and calculated but the beast was unleashed. 

I opened my eyes to watch you and wrapped my legs around your waist pulling you harder into me. Our eyes locked, and you let out a fierce animalistic growl. I knew you were about to come, and so was I. As you thrust deep into me you started grinding against me and that was it. The damn burst and I couldn't hold it back any longer.

I tossed my head back, arching my back and babbling incoherent words of wonder, as we came together, your hot seed filling me up. That moment felt like it lasted forever. Then you cradled my head in your arms and kissed me as you rocked slowly against me, as your cock started to soften inside me. I breathed you in for the final time, little aftershocks of my orgasm making my body twitch a bit around you.

When you pulled out and stepped away from me, I winced. I really didn't want you to go, but I couldn't think of one good reason to ask you to stay. My post sex brain wasn't capable of complex thought. I just watched you as you redressed and I couldn't say a word even though I was dying to.

When you were presentable again, you came back to me. I was lying in the same spot where you left me, incapable of moving. I wanted to say something and not just stare at you like an idiot. So I said the first thing that popped into my mind. "Thank you."

A sly smile began to form and you bent forward and kissed me hard, your tongue massaging against my own. It just made me want you again. You started to chuckle, then you pulled back and said. "I own you." That was it and you walked away, leaving my home, and out of my world just as quickly as you appeared. 

At this very moment, I think yeah, you are probably right. You do own me. There will never be another that could do what you just did. I know I am destroyed for any other man. I just hope that someday you'll reappear just like tonight, and before you fuck me, I'll have the sense to ask you to stay... or not. Maybe I'll even ask your name.