 This is the second story in my escapades as a wedding photographer, and like my previous story, this actually happened. 

As part of the wedding package, I take each member of the wedding party and take a few shots of them on their own. This gives them a few photographs that they can buy later knowing that they look great, and have been taken with the correct lighting, etc.

There is always one or two people in the group that you end up having banter with - usually a bridesmaid - and they are normally quite loud, and sometimes a little bit flirty. They can be really useful to help get the groups together because they know who Great Aunt Flo is, or that Uncle Bert is in the bar and should be in this shot. 

The wedding took place in the Derbyshire countryside, amongst the rolling hills at a golf club. Standard wedding venue and really great for photographs. I'd photographed here a number of times, so was well aware of the best spots to get the best shots, and how things worked. The weather was great, and all was looking good.

The bride and her attendants were all staying in little chalet style rooms in the hotel grounds, and I'd been to see the bride and taken all the shots she wanted prior to the ceremony. Good to get a few in the bag before I went to see her future husband & did the same.

I'd identified one of the bridesmaids, Kerry, as my 'banter buddy' as she seemed to know everyone, and was bubbly and had an infectious carefree laugh.

The bride looked amazing (as they pretty much all do) and the ceremony went off without any problem. Everyone moved into the courtyard of the venue for much needed drinks, smokes, etc.

This was my cue to start taking the reportage style photographs that all brides want nowadays, and I snapped away with a long lens from a distance - so people act naturally and not put on fake smiles. All very natural shots.

My lens kept being drawn back to Kerry as she worked her way through the crowd of people, a few words here and there, chatting and laughing with various groups. She had that look and demeanour that screamed out to me that she was fun, a bit flirty and up for a laugh. I'd noticed that she didn't have a single person that she kept going back to - bridesmaids usually have the significant other that they hang around most of the time, and she didn't have one. 

Once I'd done a number of shots, I managed to catch Kerry's eye and told her that I'd be taking the bridesmaids away individually to do the personal shots, and did she want to go first? She said that she'd sooner go last but would get me the other bridesmaids ready for when I needed them. 

I took away the other 2 bridesmaids and got some lovely shots of them with the rolling countryside as the background, and told Kerry that I'd need her soon.

"I bet you do Paul, I've needed you for the last hour!" 

With a wink, she moved back into the crowd, but not without looking over her shoulder and it was then that I noticed the glint as she made eye contact with me. I was slightly taken back by this comment, it was more flirty than I'd expected, but I cannot deny it caused a minor stirring in my groin. 

As she disappeared into the throng of family & friends, I looked at Kerry with a different view. She was probably 5' 4" tall, had a slim but not skinny frame, breasts were maybe 36" and great legs. She also had a long neck, and I really am a sucker for a great neck. Her face had a cheeky, elfin look about it, another weakness of mine.

The bridesmaids were all dressed in off the shoulder purple silk dresses, which ended above the knee. I guess someone who knew about this sort of thing would call them cocktail dresses. All I knew was that looking at Kerry in that dress made my cocktail grow.

I took more shots of the happy couple, as they worked their way through the crowd, and knew that I needed to get Kerry's individual shots before they went in for the wedding breakfast. As I took a lot more photographs in the group, the lens kept catching Kerry, and each time she'd be looking directly at me, and would either wink, or blow a kiss, or raise her eyebrows in a question. Flirty indeed.

The wedding co-ordinator spoke to me and said that there was a slight delay in the meal, about an hour, but the venue had laid on lots more free drinks, so everyone seemed to be happy.

I worked my way around the courtyard and managed to get to Kerry. 

"Are we going to go somewhere so I can do you on your own Kerry?" I asked as she came into earshot.

Kerry leaned into me and whispered into my ear, "Well well Paul, that's rather forward isn't it? Not that I'm complaining." 

I could smell her perfume, mixed with fresh shampoo and her sweet breath, and looked at her exposed neck as she spoke to me. I could have kissed that neck right then and there.

As she moved away from my personal space, her hand lightly brushed against my cock, which was already in a state of semi-arousal. 

She moved so she was facing me, a coy smile on her face as she started to blush.

"So... how and where do you want me?"

Those few words were so loaded with innuendo that I wanted to fuck her right there and then.

"Phew Kerry, you want to be careful saying things like that to me, I might explode!"

"Not yet Paul, but play your cards right and you never know..."

Her words hung in the air as I took her hand and led her to where I'd taken the previous bridesmaids photos, still unsure how far she wanted to take this.

"So what sort of shots do you want to take of me then Paul?"

The innuendo was still hanging in the air.

"It depends on how adventurous you want to be Kerry. Let's do some profile shots, and then we can play it by ear"

I took a number of really great shots of Kerry posing - looking at her flowers, looking over the countryside, etc. I suggested that she might want to lean on the stone wall behind her and look into the distance, so she turned around and leant her elbows on the wall slightly bent at the waist, her arse pointing towards me.

"Is this just a ploy so you can see my arse Paul?" She asked as she turned her head over her shoulder, the glint in her eye again.

I fired off a few more shots, and then she surprised me by saying,

"Here's one you can have for free."

She lifted the dress from the hemline, drawing it up to her waist, exposing her pink panties over her fabulous backside. I rattled off 20 shots within a second. I did notice that there seemed to be a darker spot in the gusset area, but that could be shadow. 

I decided to play her flirty game right back at her.

"Shame that you are wearing underwear though, it would have made a fabulous photograph for my private collection..."

Kerry looked around to see if we could be seen, and then replied.

"You are SO bad."

Before I could say anything in response, her thumbs were in the waistband of the panties and she slid them down to her ankles. She started to reach down to remove them.

"Stop! Don't move. Leave them there, around your ankles and lean back over the wall."

Her eyes met mine, and she leant back over the wall, her dress covering her arse, but her wet panties around her heeled feet. I rattled off more shots.

"Do you like this then Paul? Do you like what you see?"

"Oh, I do. Just lift your dress again for me."

Kerry slowly lifted her dress again, her eyes never leaving mine as I took more shots of her delectable arse, but now able to see the glistening of her pussy in the sunlight.

"I think you better come and pick these up for me, don't you?" 

I moved towards her and crouched down as she stepped out of her panties, my face level with her pussy. I couldn't resist it, and slid a finger over her swollen outer lips, feeling the soft wet flesh. 

"Oh Jesus, you can keep doing that."

So I did.

I balled her panties and put them in my pocket as I stood up but kept my fingers sliding across her pussy, getting closer to her clitoris with each pass. 

Kerry turned her head toward me and I leant down, our lips meeting for the first time. The thrill of that first kiss is always a turnon, and I was rock hard.

Kerry's hand moved to my crotch, instantly holding my cock over my trousers, and started to gently massage me.

I slid a finger into Kerry as we kissed more, her breath shallow on my face each time we parted. 

"Don't stop. It feels really good."

She started to push back against my hand, as I slid another finger inside her, my pace increasing as I pushed two fingers inside her, her pace increasing as she massaged my cock.

"Keep going Paul. Keep going. Oh God, I love the way your fingers feel inside me."

I could feel Kerry's legs start to tremble as I grazed over her G-spot, as I pushed my fingers deeper inside her. 

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum Paul, don't stop. Make me cum, makemecum, makemecum, ooooooohhhh, aaaaaaahhh..."

Kerry's legs almost gave way as I felt her pussy flexing over my fingers, the gush of her nectar coating my hand as she seemed to lose all co-ordination. 

"Oh God Paul, I'm cumming. Oh God, it feels so good. Now. There. Yes. Oh Fuuuuuuuk..."

Her eyes tight shut, head back, cheeks red, and her mouth in a perfect O as a guttural involuntary groan left her body.

"I need you to fuck me Paul, I want to feel this cock inside me. Oh God I want to have your cock deep in me."

Kerry reached across and flicked the button on my trousers, just as a gong was hit somewhere out of sight. Kerry looked up at me.

"What was that?"

"That's the dinner gong, people are going in for the wedding breakfast."

"Oh shit, do we have time? Time for you to take me?"

Her eyes looked at me with a level of hope.

"Sadly not. However, I'm here until the first dance tonight, so maybe we could find time to... slip away?"

"We better find time. This isn't over yet buster."

Kerry kissed me again as she stood up from the wall. I smiled as we walked back to the courtyard, where people were starting to move into the venue for food, speeches, etc. Kerry gave me her mobile number so we could try to slip away if the situation arose. It was as we rejoined the group that we split apart and Kerry ran into one of the other bridesmaids just within my earshot

"Where have you been Kerry? We were going to send out a search party. Did Paul get some good shots of you? He's nice isn't he. I might see if I can grab a dance with him later!"

Kerry turned and smiled at me, but gave me a quizzical eyebrow lift. I smiled back and shook my head. 

==

The meal & speeches at any wedding take FOREVER! The most boring part of the day, and I grabbed the usual shots of the main players in mid flow, each waxing lyrical about how brilliant, naughty, intelligent, their children / friends are. 

Kerry was sitting at the 'top table' with all the wedding party, but she kept throwing me sly smiles, and little winks. I was beginning to think this was turning out to be a great wedding!

My mobile buzzed in my pocket as the bride's father droned on, and I looked at the message that had been sent.

"That was amazing. Can't wait to take it further later xx."

It was followed by another message.

"I wonder how your cock will feel in my mouth, and in my pussy xx."

I smiled and flicked through to the camera image backups on my phone. I selected one. It was Kerry leaning over the wall, her panties around her heels, and her pussy glistening.

I composed a reply.

"Can't wait to slide my cock between those cheeks xx."

I added the photo, and clicked send.

A few seconds later, Kerry picked up her iphone and her face immediately flushed. She looked over the phone directly at me, and gave me a big grin. I winked back at her as I smiled back. My phone buzzed again.

"Wow! That has really turned me on. Shame we can't get away during the speeches xx."

There was a general lull in the proceedings whilst desserts were served, to be followed by coffee, so I quickly fired off a message.

"I fancy tasting that pussy. Get in the back of the black Range Rover in the car park NOW...xx."

I quickly accessed my car app on my phone, and unlocked the car remotely, and turned the rear heated seats on. Then as I saw Kerry smile and slip out of her seat, I gave it 20 seconds and then exited the room.

I walked into the car park, just as I saw the rear passenger door close of my car, and I went around to the drivers side and opened the door. Thank the Lord for dark tinted windows.

Kerry was leaning up against the door opposite me, her left foot in the passenger footwell, and the other up on the seat, her legs spread, her dress hiked up around her waist. Her pussy glistening in anticipation as she gently held her pussy lips apart.

"Is this what you were looking for Mister?" I quickly snapped a photo on my iphone.

I almost threw myself across the car, shutting the door behind me, as I lined up my tongue with her wetness, her hand reaching behind my head and pulling me to her throbbing cunt.

"Oh yes, I think this is JUST what I wanted."

I flicked my tongue over Kerry's clit, sending chills down her body and juices flowing out of her pussy. I wrapped my hands under her thighs, as I lapped at her soft hairless cunt.

"Oh fuck, you are SO good at this Paul."

I managed to move my hand so I was able to slide a couple of fingers inside as I was suckling on Kerry's pussy. 

"Oh yes, yes, yes. I can't tell what you are doing, but it feels so fucking good."

Kerry was pulling at my head now, grinding against my face as she raced towards another orgasm.

My thumb was positioned so that it was between Kerrys arse cheeks, nudging at her tight hole. I could feel it flexing against my thumb as her body started to spasm.

The juices from her pussy had coated my entire hand, including my thumb, making her butt slippery.

"You're going to make me cum again Paul. Don't stop. Make me cum..."

Her legs started to tremble again, and I could tell that she was close. My fingers in her pussy grinding against her G-spot, my tongue lashing against her clitoris and now my thumb nudging against her butthole.

I pressed a little harder against her anus, which pushed her over the edge. My thumb slipped past her tight ring as she cried out.

"OH FUCK. OH FUCK. CUMMING. CUMMING...AAAAHHHHH."

Kerry must have ridden the wave for more than a minute as I continued to probe, lick, suck against her. She ended slumped against the seat as I pulled away from her. Eyes closed, her breathing leaving her in long sighs as she slowly came down from her high.

After a few minutes, Kerry opened her eyes, and smiled across at me. 

"You've made me cum twice now, and I haven't even held your cock yet. We need to rectify that."

Again I smiled at her. 

"We really do, because I'm in danger of exploding, but right now we need to go back to the wedding, they'll be cutting the cake soon."

Kerry eased herself out of the car, and made her way back into the venue. I followed at a discrete distance.

==

A text followed a few minutes later.

"You can lick my pussy any time you want. Xx."

I replied.

"And you can cum in my car any time you want..xx."

I attached the photo I shot in the car, and pressed send.

I looked up and saw Kerry open the message, her face still flushed, but she looked up at me with a wicked grin and mouthed. 

"Oh. My. God."

I smiled as I watched her fingers flying across the screen on her phone. Mine buzzed a few seconds later.

"I love that photo. So erotic. When are you going to fill me with your hard cock? Xx."

"I finish 'work' as soon as the first dance is complete. Can't wait. Xx."

"Good. Not sure I can wait any longer than that for you to cum inside me xx."

My cock did a little leap as I read the message, but before I could reply the Master of Ceremonies announced the cutting of the cake, and I switched back into photographer mode.

I got the shots I needed of the cake cutting, and lost sight of Kerry for a little while. I took lots of candid shots of guests, the usual stuff. I was photographing an old couple, when I felt a hand on my hip, a familiar perfume, and a breath in my ear.

"I got you a key. Room 8. I'll be waiting."

A hand slid into my pocket, and quickly squeezed my cock as it deposited the key, and then it was gone. 

Within an hour, a number of messages flitted between Kerry and I. 

"Want me naked? Xx."

"Want me to suck you? Xx."

"Was that your thumb in my arse earlier?! Xx."

"Will you take me from behind? Xx."

"Can you stay all night? Xx."

So many messages, all flirty, all sexual, and all kept me hard.

The first dance came around, and I watched as the bride & groom whirled around the dance floor, to be joined by bridesmaids, parents, best man, ushers, etc. One of the ushers was dancing with Kerry, and I could tell that he was getting a little amorous - he put his hand on her arse, but she was having none of it. Not only because she was on a promise with me, but also because I had her panties in my pocket!

He soon got the message as she moved his hand back to her waist.

The first dance ended, which also signalled the end of my assignment. I spoke to the happy couple, and thanked them for a lovely day, and that they should contact me when they returned from honeymoon. This took a few minutes and I gathered my equipment and headed to the car. 

I dumped all the stuff in my car and then reached into my pocket. Number 8. I locked the car and set off across the car park.

The little stone chalets were set apart from the main building, and I quickly found number 8 in the row.

I gently knocked on the door, and heard a reply.

"Come in..."

I put the key in the lock and turned it to unlock the door. I quickly entered and shut and locked the door. No interruptions tonight please!

As I turned around, Kerry was on the bed, completely naked, her hair still in its up-style, a glass of champagne in her hand. If my cock wasn't hard before then, it certainly was now.

"I think you have me at a disadvantage Mr Photographer. I have no clothes on, and you do. I think that you should even that up, don't you?"

I removed my shirt as Kerry watched from the bed, sipping her drink. Her eyes glowing like she was the cat about to pounce on her prey. That prey was me.

I swiftly removed my trousers, and stood before her in just my boxers. 

"Ooooh I think they need to go too, don't you think?"

She moved swiftly across the bed, and reached for the waistband just below my navel, pulling it over my hard cock.

"Now THAT'S what I've been waiting to see. Great cock Mr Photographer."

She took my cock in her hand, as my boxers slid to the floor.

"And I'm sure it tastes great too."

She dipped her head to first lick, and then take the head into her mouth.

Kerry started to bob her head against my cock, her tongue swirling around it as she emitted a little hum from her throat.

I knew that I had to warn her.

"Kerry, I've been turned on virtually all day today because of you. I really don't think that I'm going to last long this first time..."

Kerry lifted her head off my cock.

"I know, that's why I want you in my mouth now, and then in my pussy later. After that, well then it's up to you where you want it to go.."

She resumed her sucking on my cock, drawing it into her mouth as she cupped my balls with her hand. I knew that I could explode at any time, and wanted to commit the view I had to memory. Only a couple of minutes later, I looked down at Kerry as she took me in again, her eyes lifted to meet mine as she smiled around my cock. 

That was it, I really couldn't hold it any longer. Kerry knew I was going to cum, she could feel me expanding in her mouth.

"Cum in my mouth. Do it!"

I exploded, ribbons of cum firing into her mouth as she desperately tried to swallow. I had to resist the urge to push my cock deep into her throat, but she wrapped her hand around my cock, pumping me into her mouth, taking all I could give, squeezing my balls to milk everything I'd got.
