 I've been a wedding photographer for over 10 years, initially working in partnership with a friend but in the last few years on my own. I do the standard stuff - groups, ring exchange, first dance, etc. It's quite a lucrative industry and I must say that I've managed to get a good standard of living out of it, and occasionally there are a few...perks of the job. This story tells one of them.

As normal I'd been to visit the happy couple before the wedding day, and they seemed to be a really nice couple - Dave was probably early thirties, Stephanie was a couple of years younger. They seemed to be desperately in love and were looking forward to getting married in a few weeks. We ran through the days events, and at what time things would happen - starting with me photographing the bride at her parents' home - having make-up done, posing with her dad, bridesmaids, etc. This normally happens a few hours before the ceremony as it gives the bride time to chill out before going to the church.

A few days before the wedding, I received a call from Steph asking if I would be prepared to come a little earlier, as there were some photographs that she really wanted me to take - the dress hanging in the sunlight, as well as one or two of her in her special wedding underwear. No problem for me and it wasn't the first time I'd been asked to do this.

On the wedding day, I arrived at the bride's parents nice and early, and her parents told me that Steph was sorting herself out upstairs and that she'd call down when she was 'decent' and I could go up and take the shots she wanted. Her parents then had to pop out to the church and take flowers, order of service, and suchlike so they'd have to leave me waiting for Steph. 

After a few minutes, Steph's voice came down the stairs

"Paul? I'm ready now, do you want to come up?"

I gathered together my camera bag and headed up the stairs thinking about light, locations, poses, that sort of thing. 

As I entered Steph's room, she had her back to me and was covered in a dressing gown that had the word 'Bride' across the back.

"Hi Steph. How's it all going up here?"

Steph turned to face me with a beam that lit up the entire room. She didn't look a million dollars, she looked a BILLION dollars. Her 5' 3" thin frame with 36" breasts and slim hips and fabulously shapely legs underneath the thigh length gown caused a tiny stirring in my groin - I could see why Dave wanted to marry her - she was stunning.

Her hair was piled on top of her head, and her face devoid of make-up, giving her a real 'girl next door you'd love to fuck' look. I've always had a thing about slender necks, and hers didn't disappoint - it looked just ripe for kissing.

"The make-up artist isn't due for an hour or so - she's just text me to tell me she's running a little late, but that gives us time to take some of the shots I wanted doesn't it?"

"Yep, that's absolutely fine Steph, and I must say, you look amazing - Dave is a very lucky man."

Steph chuckled and untied her robe.

"Yeah, wait til he gets to see this then!"

As the robe slipped off her shoulders, it revealed a full white basque and suspenders, all covering Steph's fantastic body that had been preparing for this day for months. I couldn't help but think how hot she looked. She struck a seductive pose.

"So what do you think? Will I do?"

"Oh My God Steph, I'll be surprised if Dave gets any further than looking at that before he explodes!"

"Well I hope he can last a little longer than that!"

Steph turned and faced away from me, and bent slightly to look at her face in the mirror, pushing her delectable bottom out towards me.

"I bet you wedding photographers get to see lots of brides in their underwear, don't you?"

"A few, but not many look as good as you do Steph - do you want me to take some shots of you like that, just for you & Dave to have for yourselves later?"

"God, no. My parents would kill me if they found out I'd shown you this - they think that you'll just be taking shots of me having make-up done and stuff. I must say though, dressed like this does make me feel a bit... naughty. A bit...turned on if I'm honest. Is that wrong?"

I laughed as Steph leaned even further forwards towards the mirror.

"Definitely not - you look extremely hot - I'm not sure I'd be able to cope if I was Dave right now."

Steph stood up and walked towards me, her face a little flushed, cheeks reddening. Her eyes had a glint in them that made my cock grow a little more inside my pants.

"So come on then Paul, have I turned you on?"

As she reached me, her hand moved forwards and cupped my crotch, giving away the fact that I was hard. Her hand remained cupping my cock over my trousers.

"Oh my God, you're hard aren't you? I HAVE turned you on!"

"Well what did you expect Steph? You look like that, and right now you have my cock in your hand!"

Steph giggled, and slid her hand up to the zipper on my jeans, slowly pulling it down.

"Err...Steph, are you sure we should be doing this? You get married in a few hours."

Steph undid the button on my jeans and reached into my pants, wrapping her fingers around my now very hard cock and slowly started to massage me.

"I'm not married yet, and nobody is here. Are you complaining? Do you want me to stop?"

Steph lifted her head towards me, her eyes meeting mine, glinting away like crazy. As if I was going to stop this!

"No, I don't want you to stop, but we need to be very careful. I want to taste every inch of you before anyone comes back, and you need to decide where the boundaries are..."

Steph kissed me on the lips, lightly at first, but then a slight moan came from her throat as she kissed me hard, her tongue intertwining with mine.

I reached around her, and slid my hands over her hips to her bottom, feeling it firm under my hands. 

Her hand started to pump my cock a little faster, and with her other hand she reached between her legs.

I heard a slight click, as the poppers on her basque were undone, and I felt the material flap loose against my hand on her backside. She stopped kissing me to murmur.

"If we're doing this, we need to be quick. My parents could be back soon, and secondly, I need to have this cock inside me right now."

Steph stepped away and turned back again towards the mirror, but this time when she bent over, her glistening pussy was on show. 

I stepped towards her, and could smell her heat. I couldn't help myself, and leant down to gently lick a single line from her clitoris right up to her anus. 

"Oh Jesus Paul, you can do THAT again - Dave hates doing it, and I miss it so much."

That was all the encouragement I needed, and spread Steph's cheeks wide, plunging my tongue into her pussy, tasting her sweet nectar. Her moans now becoming more and more urgent as she pushed back against my face.

"Keep doing that, keep going. Oh God that's good, ohmygod...ohmygod..."

Steph's hand reached between her legs as she started to play with her clit, and I reached up and eased 2 fingers into her soaking pussy, massaging her G-spot.

"Oh fuck, imgonnacum. Don't stop, don't stop."

Steph arched her back, reached around and pulled my head towards her whilst pushing back against my face, her legs trembling uncontrollably.

"yeeeeeeees...I'm...cumming...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!"

My face was soaked with the gush of pussy juice that she was letting go, and I drank it all down, tasting it as it filled my throat. 

Steph's voice was urgent now, she was eager to continue the ride.

"Put it in me, do it now. Fill me."

I quickly stood up, wiping Steph's cum from my face, as I lined up my cock against her open pussy lips. Steph reached between her legs and found my cock, pulling it towards her opening, and then cupping my balls pulled me all the way in.

"Jesus, its bigger than I thought. I can feel it stretching me."

I started to move inside Steph, my hands over the lace of her basque on her hips, pushing my cock deep inside her as she pushed back against me.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum again if you keep pushing that deep. Don't stop now, keep going."

I didn't need any more encouragement, and started pistoning my cock deep inside her pussy. As the speed increased, her moans and breathing became more laboured, and I could feel her legs starting to tremble again. I could tell she was close, and so was I. I had to say something.

"I'm close Steph, where do you want me to cum?"

"Inside me, inside me. Just keep fucking me like that. I'm going to cum all over your fat cock."

I could feel her legs start to buckle as I pushed my cock right to the hilt, and I looked up and saw her face in the mirror, her eyes looking directly at me, her mouth in a perfect O shape as I fucked her on her wedding day. Her breasts bouncing with every thrust, her cheeks flushed, and I knew then that she was about to fly into another orgasm.

"Oh yes, yes, yes, Cum in me. Now. Do it noooooooooooooow..."

Her orgasm hit just as my own did, and I felt my cum pushing deep inside her, emptying my balls as it mingled with her pussy juices.

"Keep pushing it in, push it deep inside me. Oh God, this is the last cock before I get married, and its amaaaaazing..."

I kept pushing inside her until I started to soften. I could have gone another 5 rounds with this fantastic woman, but she was due to be married in a few short hours, so I regrettably withdrew my cock, watching as our combined cum dripped to the hardwood floor.

Steph hung her head for a few seconds as she leant over the dressing table. I put my cock away and buttoned up. Steph's pussy was bright pink and gently dripping cum and I couldn't help but grab a quick shot on one of the silent cameras. She reached between her legs and scooped some of my cum with her finger (I got that on camera too) and brought it to her lips. As she swallowed, she stood up and turned around to face me.

"You know, even when I had your cock in my hand, I was only going to give you a hand-job, but my pussy just couldn't wait to be fucked. That was fantastic. I'm not sure I can only do it once with you, it was that good. How would you feel about that? Would you fuck a married woman?"

I just smiled back at her.

"Oh I think that can be arranged if the married woman was as hot as you."

-

Steph's parents returned a few minutes later, and the make-up artist did too. I snapped all the shots that Steph wanted, and when I came to do the post edit I could see that glint in her eye, and the flushness of her cheeks.

The wedding went off without a hitch, Dave & Steph were married and went off on honeymoon.

A couple of weeks later, the photographs were ready for viewing, and Dave called me up to arrange the session. I visited Steph's parents house again, and showed them what I'd taken. Unfortunately, Dave had to leave early to go on a night shift, so as a true gentleman, I offered to give Steph a lift back home...