 The day of the wedding finally arrived. A day of happiness and joy and love. Everyone she knew would be there and Allison had been looking forward to seeing them. Allison had been so happy to be invited. She went out and purchased finery a little above her budget, but how often does your favorite cousin get married? She had been looking forward to the wedding for months. Her sweetheart, Gary, was going with her, meeting most of her family for the first time. She was so pleased. This relationship was working, it actually looked like there might be a wedding in her future too. 

Then, about a month before the wedding, Gary left her. He said there was too much out there for him to settle down. He said that he felt someone else might meet his needs better. He said that she wasn't enough for him.

Allison was planning to not attend the wedding rather than go alone. But her cousin, the beautiful bride, insisted she come. So, Allison gave herself a lecture on the wonders of being single and agreed to be present.

Of course, the day of the wedding was perfect. How could it be otherwise? Allison woke up late that day, dreading the ceremony ahead. She spent the afternoon doing all the things people do on weekends, catching up on all the errands that wait all week. Finally, it was time to dress for the wedding. It almost hurt, laying out the finery she had purchased with Gary in mind. The lovely lingerie, the garter belt and sheer hosiery, the exquisite gown. 

Allison took a long bath, soaking in vanilla bubbles and relaxing. She gave herself little talks about the upcoming night and the possibilities ahead. She ran her newly manicured nails over her nipples, feeling them tighten and get bumply. She wondered again what Gary had wanted, why she wasn't enough for him. She looked down at her breasts, with their rosy nipples, and found them acceptable. She was short, petite, nicely shaped. Her hair was dark brown and long, with a tendency to curl. Her eyes were her best feature, dark brown and fringed in thick lashes. She smiled a lot, giggled a lot. She was one of those people who were honored in high school for friendliness, spirit and pep. 

As she did her inventory, her hands wandered over her body, dwelling on the warm area between her legs. She had thick, brown curlies and her fingers played with them, allowing them to wrap around the tips. She combed through her softness, her finger just lightly tracing the slit she found there. As she closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation of her fingers, she thought about how long a month was, how long she had been without her lover. Her fingers moved over her slit, felt it swelling and opening, felt herself getting ready for...something. She could almost pretend that Gary was here, that Gary was touching her, finding her clit, helping her reach that point. Her finger delved deeper, feeling the warmth and pinkness of her soft inner lips. One finger, moving up and down, slowly feeling and massaging all that wonderfully receptive pinkness. 

It took her such a short time, she was so needy. She felt her body tightening and her legs locking in place, then she felt the explosion she was seeking. She lost all awareness of her surroundings, knowing only that she needed to come, to feel the warmth that followed. She stretched out in the tub, enjoying the afterglow, lightly continuing to stroke her clit and caress her soft mound. 

As her breathing returned to normal, Allison finished bathing and stepped from the tub. She dried her relaxed body and sprayed her vanilla scent on her warm, still moist skin. Then she went to dress. She was really glad she had spent more than necessary on the wedding finery. It was truly lovely and elegant. She slipped into cream panties, all satin and lace. Next, the cream garter belt, which was a new experience for her. She finally figured out how to wear it and fastened the pale ivory stockings to the dangling clips. She added the satin slip, with the delicate lace inserts and looked at herself in the full-length mirror. Her nipples were not covered, the dress did not allow for a bra. Her nipples were still slightly puffy from earlier, a pretty rosy color against her pale skin. She released the clips holding her hair and felt it tumble onto her bare shoulders. She made tiny braids and brought them around to the back of her head, fastening it with a sparkly barette. She really didn't wear much makeup and didn't intend to tonight, either. Her cheeks were still flushed from her bath, so she just added a little blush and lip gloss, pleased with the results.

Finally, her dress. It was a periwinkle blue, gossamer and sparkly. It was fitted in the bodice, high in the front, skimming down to just below her waist in the back. The skirt was full, made for dancing, whirling around with a handsome man in a magical evening. At least, that is what she thought when she found the dress. Still, it made her smile. The fabric was so wonderful, the color extraordinary. She felt like a fairy creature in this dress, and could feel her soft hair brushing her back as she walked. She had also purchased dainty silver sandals, slightly higher than she usually wore, because Gary was so tall. She stopped herself from thinking about him. There would be many men there tonight, and most of them would be tall and handsome. The world was full of wondrous possibilities! 

The wedding was so beautiful. The church was glowing with candles and soft lighting. The bride looked like a princess, meeting her prince. The vows they exchanged had been written by the couple and told their love story. It seemed as if everyone was touched, moved by the love so present before them. Allison was no different. She stood in the church, first watching the guests and then the lovely bride. She listened to the words of love and commitment that the newlyweds exchanged. She envied them. She wished them every happiness. She wished it were her.

After the ceremony, all the guest went to the elite Country Club for the reception. It was a gorgeous spring night, and the grounds looked like a fairy land. There were thousands of tiny white lights twinkling in the trees. It looked as if nature herself cooperated, flowers were in full bloom, perfuming the air with their delicate scents. The guests were all dressed so elegantly, a wedding always bringing out the best in people.

She stood smiling as the couple danced their first as man and wife. They were so obviously in love, so happy. Soon, others joined them on the dance floor and the party began. Allison moved to the table, finding her place card and settling down to watch the happy people again. As she felt tears gathering in her eyes, seeing the twinkling lights become even more magical, she felt a hand on her shoulder. She looked up to see the most beautiful hazel eyes she had ever gazed into. They were in a smiling face of a very pleasant looking man, who was asking her to dance. He held out his hand to her and she placed hers in it. As she stood, she was glad she had worn heels, her escort was extremely tall. He introduced himself as William, a good friend of the groom. They made small talk as they danced to the love ballads being played. Allison found herself having a good time. William was sweet and intelligent and very charming. She giggled at much of what he said and he seemed to enjoy her company as well. His large, warm hand was on her back, on the bare skin that seemed to tingle from his touch. She felt sure that his hand print would forever be engraved on her skin.

As they danced, he whirled her around, as if she were lighter than air, her full skirt swirling around their legs. She felt quite glamorous. William was very attentive, listening with his head bent, to all she said. Sometimes, he just held her against his firm body, as if she were a rare and precious person. Once, between dances, he disappeared for a few minutes, but came right back to her before the music started. They sipped some champagne, actually quite a lot of champagne, as they waltzed. The dancing and swirling, combined with the champagne, made Allison light-headed and flushed. 

Dinner was announced and William guided her to her table. Amazingly, the place card right next to hers belonged to William. He smiled sheepishly and happily sat beside her. As they ate, Allison felt a warmth developing in her heart for this man. He told her he practiced law and began talking about some of his cases, and she saw what a good and kind person he was.

The rest of the evening passed so quickly. Allison had expected to be so uncomfortable here alone, and instead she had a wonderful companion. She felt the tingle in her body, not quite recognizing it for what it was. After spending the entire meal completely captivated by his company, Allison realized what was happening. She really wanted this man. She wanted to spend the rest of the evening with him, the rest of her life perhaps. 

William asked to drive her home. She happily consented. The conversation continued all the way home. At her door, he bent to kiss her goodnight, a sweet kiss on her forehead. And then another on her nose. A third on her cheek. Finally, he moved to kiss her mouth and she felt herself surrendering to him. He opened the door without ever moving his lips from hers. They stepped inside together, their bodies pressed together, their lips joined. She stood before him as he undressed her, smiling at her lingerie. Then she helped him, removing all the finery and just admiring him. They stood together for a minute and then moved to her bedroom. 

Together they pulled down the comforter, together they stood, allowing the excitement to build until they had to touch, to know one another. They snuggled on the bed, holding each other and kissing. Their hands wandered as far as possible, the first touch of new lovers, feeling and exciting and learning. The kisses continued, with pauses for one or the other to just pull back and look, just appreciate the body of the other. His hands followed her curves, her palms traced his ribs and soft chest hair. The kisses grew bolder, the exploration grew more intense. 

Allison wanted him, wanted to make love to him. She kissed his face, his neck, his chest. Her mouth moved slowly over his erect nipples, hearing him moan as she kissed and nipped each one. Lower still, she kissed his tummy and traced his line of hair as it indicated just where she should be going. Her mouth made love to him, her hands constantly moving, searching. His cock was hard and throbbing, bobbing before her, teasing her, begging her to kiss him. Allison opened her mouth, her hungry mouth, and took him deep into her heat. He tensed, moaned and started moving his hips toward her, urging her to take more, do more. She slowly moved her lips down his hard shaft, engulfing him as she started a slow, sucking motion. His hands were in her hair, he said her name repeatedly as she moved her head up and down, while creating suction that drove him wild. 

She loved his taste. She buried his nose in his curlies, inhaling his scent and kissing his balls. Ah, he liked that. She continued nuzzling his wrinkled sacs, licking them and giving them occasional tender pokes with her tongue. She sucked one into her mouth, thoroughly enjoying the fullness, warming it, only to let it pop out as she captured the other. She could hear him saying "Please, please" as she made love to him. His hands reached down and pulled her to him. He kissed her mouth, his tongue playing with hers, his hands caressing her cheeks. He rolled her over, until he loomed above her, kissing her still. Her thighs spread and her small hand reached out and captured his cock, directing it to her needy mound. She rubbed herself with his cockhead, feeling it separate her curlies, her slit. 

She held him firmly as she continued moving him up and down, deeper and deeper with each stroke, until the velvety head of his cock was rubbing directly on her clit. He could feel it, peeking out from the soft pink around it, looking for him, seeking his sleek, wet head. She slid him down her slit until he felt her opening, felt himself on the precipice of entering her, then she moved him back up until he was rubbing her clit, making her moan and catch her breath. He was incredibly excited to feel her pleasuring herself with him, no woman had ever done that before. Her fingers massaged his shaft as she used him to arouse herself further. 

He could hear her breathing hard, feel her heart against his chest, hear her moans and guttural noises. She took him down into her pussy, thrusting her hips against him, then just as quickly, she pulled his cock out and rubbed her fingers up and down his slick skin. She continued this game, using him for her own pleasure, yet pleasuring him until she was dripping with excitement. She guided him to her clit, up and down it, flicking it with his cockhead, circling it, moaning and wrapping her legs around his hips. Her eyes closed, she licked her lips and her hand moved him faster and faster. Suddenly, she opened her eyes and looked directly into his. She told him she was going to come and instructed him to fuck her hard as soon as he felt her orgasm. 

William had never been with a woman so sure of herself, so open with her desires. He smiled at her and told her he was ready, he wanted to fuck her now. Her hand was wrapped around him, moving him so fast on her erect clit, he could imagine it a blur. He felt her body tense, he felt her suddenly stop rubbing and hold herself perfectly still. Her orgasm started so deep within her, sending heat radiating throughout her body, making a cry deep in her throat, her face tight. And then she came, her hips bucking against him, her hand clenching his back as her other hand held tightly to his nearly exploding cock. 

She released him then and he drove himself deep into her pussy, thrusting until he met the resistance of her cervix. Her hot cunt throbbed around him, milking him, fucking him. He began thrusting deep into her, setting up a rhythm with her orgasmic waves. Her legs tightened around him and she brought his mouth down to hers, simulating the thrusts with her tongue. She begged him to come now, to fill her with come. It was all he could take, and William exploded so deep within her. He felt the come as he filled her, he felt her pulsing pinkness holding him and squeezing the last drops from him. He was overwhelmed by the intensity of it. 

Now his kisses became soft and loving. Her fingers became gentle and tender. They held each other close as they relaxed against each other. 

They slept.