 The sexual tension had been building for a while now. We had been friends for a while, but the attraction was undeniable. There had been a couple times where we had made out a little or talked about what could happen but we had never really acted on our feelings. I had a feeling tonight that was all going to change. It was the day of my mom's wedding. Everyone had been preparing for months, and the hustle and bustle was about to pay off. I was busy helping my mom, checking on the flowers, yelling at my soon-to-be step-brothers, but all the while I knew in the back of my mind that he would be there.

I anxiously waited for him and his family to arrive and my heart leapt when I saw their cars drive into the church lot. For some reason, I felt like something was going to change that night. When he came in, our eyes met and my breath stopped. I had never seen him dressed up and he looked incredible. His fabulous body was even hotter in a tailored suit. It was all I could do to greet him with sophistication at the door, especially when I could see up close that his eyes were smoldering with the same thoughts I was having. His wink sent shivers down to all the right places and I could hardly wait for the wedding to be over. 

Call me selfish for having these thoughts at my mothers wedding but if you felt it- you would understand. Anyway, Finally at the end, after the service, everyone was invited up to the hall for food and drinks. I was mingling with the distant relatives and new family, then I realized that the punch bowl was empty. I slipped away to the kitchen to find the sherbet. Suddenly, he came up behind me and slipped his arms around my waist. "Let's get out of here," he whispered in my ear. He nuzzled my neck and my knees turned to jelly. He took my hand and let me out of the kitchen and downstairs to the classrooms. 

We barely made it around the corner before we were all over each other. Our hands tore at each other in a feverish frenzy. His lips on my shoulders - neck - ears - added fire to the adrenaline racing through my veins. There is a bathroom around a corner in the basement and that was where I found myself when we shoved through the door, barely pausing to lock it. I was thrown back against the opposite wall, delirious with his weight pressed against me. We ripped at each others clothing, forgetting their value. His jacket, tie, shirt soon joined my shoes and shawl on the floor. Our hands were grappling for skin, our breathing heavy, our senses peaked. We fought with my dress, our bodies screaming to be pressed against each other. I pulled off his pants and boxers and he ripped off my thong. 

He lifted my legs up around his waist and thrust himself as deep inside of me as he could, clapping his hand over my mouth as I screamed. The feeling of him inside me was the most incredible feeling. We stood there shuddering, taking it all in. Then we were all over each other, kissing and fucking like I've never experienced before. He bit my neck while I scraped my nails down his back, throwing my head back. His thrusting was reaching a fever pitch, and I had to bite into his shoulders, neck - anything I could reach to keep from crying out. I was delirious with pleasure, my whole body reeling from the friction we were creating. 

I felt my orgasm coming, the pleasure explosions starting in my toes and quickly climbing my legs, spreading out through my chest and arms, my neck and face flushing - until I felt him shudder and open up inside of me. I lost all feeling as I lost myself in the biggest climax of my life - we clung to each other, my chest arching against him, and we collapsed onto our pile of clothes.

We lay there panting, slowly regaining the feeling in our limbs. We looked at each other and started to laugh, realizing that we had just left my mother's wedding to have sex in the basement of my church. After surveying the damage to our clothes and discerning that nothing visible had been damaged, we got each other dressed again to head back up to the reception. At the bottom of the stairs we shared a last passionate kiss and returned to our families, hoping they wouldn't notice our bright eyes or flushed faces.