 The conference had been boring and as he headed for the bar Jeff was glad to be out of there. There was a function in the other room, a wedding or something like that. He saw a number of the guests were hanging round the bar area ordering drinks. He moved forward to order his drink, as he did so a redheaded woman turned quickly and bumped into him. Her glass of wine spilt down the front of his jacket.

“I’m so sorry.” She apologised. He recognised an Australian accent. He felt her hands trying to brush the liquid from his jacket. 

“Don’t worry about it.” He shrugged. He looked down into green eyes. She smiled tentatively to him. 

He saw her eyes drop to his nametag.

“Sorry, Jeff.”

“I forgot I still had that on.” He mumbled as he undid the pin of the tag. “Can I buy you a drink? Replace that one?”

“Thank you that would be nice. Although, perhaps I should be buying you one instead?” She replied easily. 

“How about I get this round?” Jeff shrugged.

“Sure. My name is Janet. Thanks you, Jeff.”

“Are you at the wedding?”

“I was. I came with a friend, but she’s gone off with the best man somewhere. I don’t really know anyone else so I thought I’d come out here instead.” Janet replied. 

“Would you like to join me? I’m here by myself too.”

She gave him a wide smile. Her eyes held a hint of promise.

“I’d appreciate that. Hate talking to myself.” She laughed.

They found a table in a quiet corner and sat down. She had on a long silk dress, her shoulders were bare but for a long sheath scarf that hung down her back. The bodice of her dress showed off her cleavage. She was in her late thirties. Jeff looked her over, deciding he liked what he saw. They talked at length, finding lots of things in common. She laughed easily and had a wry sense of humour. They shared a few more drinks. 

Jeff wondered if he could invite her back to his hotel room. As she talked to him she often leaned forward and touched his hand or arm. She seemed very relaxed in his company. Janet knew the wine was making her less reserved than she’d usually be with a man she’d just met. Jeff intrigued her though. She loved his voice and appreciated his easy conversation. He told her he was staying at the hotel and invited her to his room. When he suggested they leave the bar she readily complied.

She took his proffered arm as they left the room. They walked to the elevators. She felt his hand slip around her waist as they neared the doors.

Janet had always wondered what it would be like to do it in an elevator. As the doors closed on them, she found herself in his arms. Their mouths met and they shared a deep kiss. She felt his hands starting to caress her breasts through the silk of her dress. Her own hands were running across his chest and down. She felt his heat close to her. Felt the outline of his cock with her hands. She heard his in-drawn breath. They heard the tone that signalled the elevator was on his floor. They disengaged from each other. Janet smiled at him widely.

“Shame…. We should have pressed the stop button.” She shrugged. He laughed.

“Always could go to another floor.”

She chuckled to herself. The doors were open and another couple were waiting to enter.

“Maybe another time?” She suggested. Jeff nodded. He led her to his room, eager to get her inside. He’d had a taste of her and now wanted more. He wondered how far she’d let him go. Wondered what pleasures they might share together.

Janet kissed him again as he closed the door behind them. Her mouth was warm and welcoming. Her tongue caressed his own. Her hands had found his cock and were slowly stroking him through the fabric of his trousers. He felt the silk of her dress beneath his hands, ran them along, feeling her curves. He found her breasts and played the firm nipples, pinching them between his fingers. He felt her shiver and heard a low moan. She pushed herself forwards into his hands.

“That feels so good.” He heard her whisper.

She had begun to unbutton his shirt. As each button was opened she kissed his flesh beneath. She moved her kisses down his body. She stopped when she got to his belt. Her hands still caressed his hard cock. They moved to undo his belt and undo the fly of his trousers. Her kisses continued downwards, until he could feel the heat of her breath near his cock. She dropped to her knees and ran her mouth along the length of his shaft. Her tongue was long and he watched in fascination as it ran up and down his length. She curled it around his head, flicking the tip back and forth before sinking her mouth down to enclose him. 

Jeff stood breathing deeply as she went down on him. Her mouth was moving with slow, languid strokes up and down his cock. Her hand was working in unison with her mouth. He felt the liquid warm enclosing him and just let the sensations ride. He felt the sensual pleasure and revelled in it. He felt her hands caressing his balls, felt her tongue circle his balls, felt them being drawn into her mouth as her hand continued to work his cock. He felt her mouth move back up to swallow him, taking him in deep into her and pushing down on him. Her hand was caressing his balls, running further down. He let her go for a time, just enjoying, watching her redhead as it plunged down on his cock, watching her tongue as it caressed his flesh, felt the wondrous sensations, smiling to himself. She was beckoning him towards release as she increased the tempo, but he wanted more from her.

“Janet.”

She looked up, a twinkle in her green eye. She was obviously enjoying it as much as he.

“Sorry, I get carried away sometimes.” She shrugged.

“No need for apologies. Come here.”

He drew her up to her feet. She stood and kissed him again. He felt her silJeff embrace against his naked skin. Felt the slide of silk against his cock as she moved her body against his own. He undid the zipper of her dress. The silk sheath fell to pool around her feet. She wore no bra and her tits stood firm and proud, her nipples hard and dark pink against the white of her skin. She had on a suspender belt that held up silk stocking, but no panties. He saw her pussy was shaven. 

Her long silk scarf still hung down her back. He slowly drew the silJeff length from her. It gave him an idea.

He continued to kiss her, moving her over towards his bed. They tumbled onto the soft expanse together. He kissed her long and passionately. He took the silJeff length of her scarf and wrapped it around one of her hands. 

“What….?”

“Shh…” he commanded, “Don’t worry. I won’t hurt you.”

She felt her hands tied together. Saw him attach the silJeff scarf to the bed head. She was captured by the scarf, unable to move her hands. She felt his mouth on hers again, gave herself up to the sensual kiss, not sure what he wanted, but willing to learn.

He moved lower to her tits. He slowly ran his tongue across the nipples, taking each one into his mouth in turn, feeling her shuddering response as he played each one with his mouth.

“Jeff!” 

He felt her passion building, knew that she was close to cumming, wondering how she could respond so quickly, so wantonly, so needingly. His hand travelled the length of her body, ran down her leg and back up. He felt the silk of her stockings under his hands, and then he felt her flesh. He sent his hands towards her pussy, wanting to feel its smoothness, wanting to feel its heat. He pushed his fingers inside her, he felt her immediate response, amazed at the warmth of her as she came. 

“Oh, Jeff!” Her voice was heavy with lust. She was breathing hard, her body shuddering as he pushed deeper and deeper into her.

She was writhing beneath his touch, her whole body tensing, shaking and shuddering as he continued to fuck her with his fingers. He lowered his mouth down her body. He kissed her stomach, ran his tongue down until it reached her clit. He played with it for a time. Every time his tongue came in contact with her she would shudder and call out. 

Jeff was so turned on. His cock was hard and wanted her. He moved up between her legs. He guided himself into her. Her pussy enclosed his cock in its warmth. He felt her shivering again beneath him. Felt her body arching to meet him as he pushed himself into her. He lost himself in her, plunging himself deeper and deeper into her pussy.

“Fuck me, Jeff.” She whispered in a low voice.

“Oh, yes. Oh, fuck me!”

He fucked her pussy hard and fast. He pumped into her again and again. He felt her response. Felt her whole body as it quivered beneath his touch. She pushed herself into him. Janet was gone in ecstasy. Jeff was bringing her over and over again. She wanted so much to touch him, but her hands were tied above her head and so all she could do was respond to his touch. Again and again and again.

She was aware when Jeff turned her over so she lay on her stomach. She wondered what he intended. She felt him lower his head to her again. He played her clit with his tongue. She found herself almost in convulsions. She was so sensitive that every touch sent her into orgasm. She felt his tongue slowly move from her clit up to her pussy. He dabbled his tongue into her pussy before she felt him move it further up. She felt his tongue slowly outline her ass. She felt him push a finger into her.

“Oh yes, Jeff. I want you to fuck my ass.” She stated urgently.

Jeff smiled to himself. He positioned himself behind her. He firstly rammed his cock into her pussy. He rode her until she was whimpering with delight. He put it to her hard and fast. She came again and again as he fucked her pussy. Finally he withdrew. He slowly pushed his cock into her ass. His hand still played her clit as he pushed himself further and further into her tightness. 

Janet was absolutely gone. She could not believe the sensations that screamed through her body. She felt his cock in her ass, riding her faster and faster, taking her closer and closer towards release again. She began to shudder under him

Jeff felt her ass enclosing him, felt it urging him towards release. She was calling out his name, louder and louder.

“Jeff!!!!” she called as once again her body began to shudder underneath him.

He couldn’t hold back. He pumped her harder and harder. He filled her ass with his cock, feeling the tight embrace as he sank into her and then slowly withdraw, only to plunge back in again. Jeff could feel his cum rising. He knew he couldn’t hold off much longer. Janet was moaning, engrossed in another orgasm that seemed to run the length of her body and beyond.

Jeff couldn’t contain himself any more. He worked her over with a vengeance; he pushed into her again and again. He revelled in her response and felt his own response so close to release. He let her take him over the edge. He felt himself cumming and let go. He pumped into her with abandon. He felt exaltation spread throughout his body as finally he gave himself up to release.

They both sank into the bed. A sigh of absolute pleasure hung over them as they lay there. They both were breathing heavily. Sweat glistened across their naked bodies.

“Oh, Jeff.” She finally was able to speak, “My god. Where have you been all my life?”

He laughed then.

“I could ask the same.” He admitted.

“Can you let me go now?” she asked him gently.

He looked at her still tied up with her silJeff scarf. He began to undo the silJeff knots, then paused.

“How adventurous are you, Janet?” he asked her softly.

She looked at him carefully.

“What do you have in mind?”

Jeff hesitated, not sure he could share his fantasy with her. But she had been so willing, so responsive. He wondered if perhaps she could fulfil his secret desires.

“I want to watch, Janet. I want to see you fucked by someone else…”

She looked at him carefully. She was unsure if she could comply, but a core of carnality liked the idea.

“I could do with a drink…” she told him.

“I’ll call room service.”

The tap on the door came at last. Jeff opened the door to a young man who held a tray with an ice bucket, a bottle of champagne and two glasses. Jeff watched the waiter’s eyes as he entered the room. Saw him look at Janet still naked and tied to his bed. Saw the look of lust cross his face, before he lowered his eyes and looked away.

“Open the bottle, please.” Jeff told the waiter.

The young man tried to keep his mind focused on his job, but his eyes kept straying to the bed. He undid the bottle and poured the wine into the two long-stemmed glasses.

Jeff took one of the glasses and held it to Janet’s lips. She drank the liquid down, running her tongue over her lips. She nodded her approval at both the drink and the waiter. She looked at Jeff, questions filled her eyes.

“Have one for yourself?” Jeff suggested. The young man shook his head at first. But, he seemed to take the situation in, and a look of recognition seemed to light his eyes. He quickly poured himself a drink and downed it in a hurry. He poured himself another glass and polished that off too.

“My partner would like for you to kiss her.” Jeff suggested. He walked to the bathroom and closed the door.

Janet watched the uncertainty on the young man’s face. She smiled to him, noticing he couldn’t help but staring.

“Come here.” She said softly.

The young man moved to the side of the bed. 

“Would you like to kiss me?” she asked him. He looked very awkward for a time, before he nodded silently.

“You’ll need to help me. I can’t use my hands….” She shrugged.

She saw his smile and returned it with her own. He moved close to her. He ran his hand down her body. He grabbed hold of her tits and squeezed them in his hand before he lowered his mouth to hers.

Jeff silently slipped from the bathroom. He saw the young man kissing the woman on his bed. He saw him run his hands down her captive body. He heard Janet moan as her body was reawaJeffed under his touch. The young man was suckling on her nipples, loosing himself in the woman tied to the bed. Janet was pushing herself forward to his touch.

Jeff felt his cock rising in response. She was hot and passionate, and the young man was soon discarding his clothes. He watched as the young man went down on her, kissing and licking her shaven pussy. Jeff saw him move himself around to position his hard cock before her face. Saw Janet’s tongue snake out and begin to caress the young man’s cock with her mouth. The young man went down on her as she ate his cock. They pleasured each other, Janet writhing beneath the touch of his tongue on her clit, in her pussy.

Jeff found himself stroking as he watched them.

The young man was clearly enjoying himself now.

“Fuck me!” Janet implored to her new lover.

He needed little urging. He turned around and pushed himself into her pussy. Jeff watched as he fucked Janet. She was coming again and again as the young man filled her pussy. Janet was gone. She felt the young guy filling her again and again. She watched Jeff stroking himself as he watched her being fucked. She felt every fibre of her body, every synapse of her brain stand on end as she felt the wash of pleasure overwhelm her. She looked to Jeff, askance in her eyes.

“Jeff, I want you, too.” 

He moved over to the couple on the bed. He rolled them over to face each other, coming himself behind Janet. He played with her ass, feeling the young man’s cock inside her pussy. He slid in behind her. His cock entered her ass and felt its tightness again.

Janet was screaming in ecstasy. Jeff was filling her ass whilst the young man was fucking her pussy hard and fast. She shivered in delight again and again.

Jeff felt her tightness wrap around him. Felt the young man’s cock pushing in and out of her pussy as he filled her ass. He let himself go just feeling the sensations. He revelled in the luxury, delighting in the delicious feeling wrapping around him and bringing him closer and closer towards fulfilment.

Janet felt the two men inside her. She was in absolute heaven. She felt so full, so fulfilled. Her orgasm began then and continued on and on. She felt her pussy quivering, felt her ass quivering, felt a shuddering relief run throughout her body. She cried out with joy. She urged them on, begging them to fuck her, to fill her, to give her everything they had.

The two men obliged. They worked themselves in her, burying deeper and deeper into her hotness. Both of them were wrapped in her warmth, waiting and wanting for the final release. 

“Oh yes!’ she screamed as once more her body went on a wave of wondrous release.

Jeff couldn’t contain himself anymore. He let himself pound into her. The young man took up his rhythm and together they filled her with their hard cocks. They built up their speed, their cum was shooting and she was cumming with them. 

Afterwards Jeff gently untied her hands. She kissed him again with passion.

“Thank you, Jeff.” She whispered to him softly, “Never before…. My god that was good.”

He smiled at her. She returned it, her face beaming with pleasure, her eyes holding his and hinting of other hidden depths.

“So good.”

He nodded his agreement.

“Best wedding I’ve ever been too.” She declared with a laugh.