 These stories can be read as stand alone, but form a series of my experiences as a Wedding Photographer. Enjoy.

==

All the brides that I have photographed over the years have all been stunning. Every single one of them. I get to see them at their absolute best, toned, buffed, and pampered to within an inch of their lives. I've loved every single bride that I've ever photographed.

The parents of the happy couple fall into one of two camps -- they either love the day and embrace that they are seeing their child off in the best possible way, or they begrudgingly take part but never seem to enjoy it. They moan about everything -- the cost, the in-laws, the weather, and so it goes on.

The wedding that I'm about to tell you about, the bride's mother fell into the latter category, even though she had absolutely no need to.

Debbie was a young bride. She was only in her early 20's and in the wedding industry that's quite young. We're used to seeing late 20's, or early 30's these days. 

About a week before the wedding, I went along to Debbie's parent's house to go through the final running order for the day, and any specific photos that Debbie and her parents might want. It's always good to get the bride's parents on-side as they are usually paying in situations like this. 

I'd noticed that Diane, the brides mother, was a bit on edge, and a little bit aggressive towards the whole process. Not towards me specifically, but to all of us there in the room that night. 

She seemed to expect everything to go wrong on the day -- that I wouldn't turn up, that the weather would be bad, that the photographs would be rubbish, that the food at the reception would be bad, the disco would be too loud and too modern, and so it went on. I felt for Debbie to be honest, this was her day, and her mother seemed hell bent on finding reasons why it would go wrong. Her dad just sat in the corner like a statue -- I don't think he actually spoke at all during the meeting.

Diane was not an unattractive woman. She was in her early 40's, but looked mid to late 30's. She had a great figure, and if she stopped sucking that lemon would have a good looking face. 

Debbie showed me out to the car, and as she did I could tell that she was exasperated with her mother.

"God, that bloody woman! She's done nothing but moan about everything."

I was sympathetic to Debbie's complaint.

"Yeah, it's a stressful time for the Bride's mum, she wants to send her daughter on her way the best way she can, and sometimes it gets a bit too much. She'll be fine on Saturday I'm sure."

Ever the diplomat! 

Debbie wasn't so sure.

"The silly cow has complained about everything and she's really starting to piss me off now. I'm really sorry that she was so aggressive in there, and my dad just sits there and takes it all, never saying a sodding word. He doesn't seem to give a shit that she's ruining my wedding day."

I made the right noises, and made excuses to leave. 

==

The wedding day dawned, a sunny day with a light breeze to stop people sweating through their finery, and knowing the venue very well, it would look great on the photos. I'd booked a room at the hotel for the wedding evening, because it was over 100 miles from home, and after a shoot I'm too tired to drive that far.

I checked in and joined Debbie and her parents in the bridal suite to take the usual pre-ceremony shots, and almost as soon as I arrived Diane started sniping.

"We thought that you were going to be here earlier, to take photos of Debbie having her make-up done."

It was a statement, not a question.

"No, Debbie specifically asked me to come at this time, when her hair and make-up had been done. I'll get all the shots that Debbie requested within 15 minutes and then be out of your hair."

I rattled through the shots needed, and Debbie was glowing, as she should be.

"Thanks Paul. Sorry about mum, she's got worse as the wedding got closer."

"She'll probably chill out a bit once the ceremony is over, and she sees that all the planning that's gone on was worth it. Also she'll have friends there, so she might be better. And when she's had a few champagnes!"

Diane came back into the room at this point.

"Are you finished? We can't spend all day doing photographs you know."

"I'm done now thanks Diane, I'll see you both at the ceremony."

Again, Debbie's dad sat in the corner of the room, reading his paper, never saying a word.

"Good luck everyone, see you down there."

==

Diane walked into the Church like she didn't have a care in the world, and certainly not like the aggressive woman that I'd experienced upstairs. She did look stunning in an off the shoulder lemon dress, emphasising her bare shoulders, and just a hint of cleavage.

I was taking lots of reportage style shots of guests as they arrived, sitting in the marriage room, meeting old friends, etc. Exactly what we'd agreed I would be doing during this phase of the wedding proceedings.

Diane called me over with a beckoning hand. She kept the smile on her face, but her voice was like ice.

"People don't want you snapping away whilst they are arriving, go & do something else."

"I beg your pardon Diane? This is exactly what we agreed I'd be doing at this point, and people are not even aware I'm taking their photo, as I'm using a long lens and no flash."

I'm not used to being spoken to like this on a wedding day. They are usually such happy occasions, but obviously not today. I was getting quite sick of this woman.

"Well be quick and then be gone. Nobody wants to have a photographer hanging around."

Who did this woman think she was? And why was she so bloody bitter?

Debbie arrived and was duly married to her perfectly pleasant (young) groom.

We went outside to do all the group shots, and everyone was drinking champagne and chatting. I noticed that Diane had got a glass in her hand, and seemed to be thawing out a little, chatting with the older people in the group.

Debbie seemed to be in her element, loving her day and her new husband.

"Paul, could you take one of me with my friend?"

"Paul could you take one of my bridesmaid and her husband?"

"Paul could you take one of little Jake, he looks so lovely."

I love it when Brides do this -- they feel comfortable enough to ask, and treat you like a friend rather than the hired help, unlike her mother!

"What are you doing?"

"Why have you taken that photograph?"

"Don't photograph me, I'm busy."

I managed to exhaust all the options before the wedding party started to go in to dinner, which gave me an hour or so to pop up to my room and grab a shower. I needed to chill out a bit before the speeches and before facing the wrath of Diane again. 

As I stepped under the warm water in the shower, I started to go back over the day so far, and what I could have done differently to thaw out Diane. Could I have been more attentive? Could I have flirted with her a little? I had no idea. Maybe she just needed a good fucking. I reckon she'd probably be an animal in the right circumstances! My cock raised to a semi as I chuckled to myself.

Once I'd managed to wash away the stress of the day so far, I was just getting out of the shower, when there was a knock at the door. I opened it and the Wedding Co-ordinator, Carol stood at the threshold.

"Hey Paul, sorry to interrupt you, but the Bride's pain in the arse mother is moaning that you are not photographing people before they go in to dinner."

"Bloody hell, that woman never stops does she? I've got everything I need upto this point, so let them eat their dinner and I'll be down for the speeches. Sorry Carol, I know you are only passing on a message, just tell her I'll be down when I said I would be."

Diane had ruined my calming shower, and had now got me angry again. How did her husband put up with this? No wonder the poor old sod just sat in the corner keeping quiet.

Within a few minutes, the door went again. This time it was a rapping rather than a knock. I tucked the towel around me and went to the door, expecting Carol to be there with another message.

As I opened the door, I was immediately aware that it was Diane, and she wasn't happy.

"Why aren't you downstairs photographing the guests waiting to go in to dinner? I'm paying you for this, and I'm not getting the service that I want. Would you prefer it if I didn't pay? Would you?"

Something snapped inside. I've been photographing for over 10 years, and my reputation as a good friendly photographer has never waned.

Diane stepped into the room as I turned around, trying to compose myself. Nope -- that wasn't happening. Sorry Diane, but this isn't happening.

"Well? Is that what you want?" she spat behind me.

I swung around, eyes blazing. She was only a couple of feet away from me now.

"Just what is your fucking problem Diane? Its your daughter's wedding day, and all you've done is snipe at me. I'm doing MY JOB, and you are complaining about everything. What the fuck is going on?"

"How DARE you speak to me like that. You are the hired help today, and you'll do as you are told!"

"Don't speak to me like that. I'm a professional doing a job. We have a contract that I'm fulfilling and you'll pay if I have to take you through the courts to get it. Otherwise you won't see a single photograph from today. I won't be bullied by you or anyone else."

I stepped closer to Diane as I made my point, expecting her to back away from me. I can be quite imposing if I want to be, and I was a good 6 inches taller than her, even in her heels.

To my surprise, Diane didn't back away, she stood her ground. Feisty.

Something in Diane's eyes changed right then. We were almost nose to nose and our eyes staring at each other as I whispered.

"Now. Get out of my room."

Diane took a breath, and hissed back.

"You bastard!"

And that when it all changed.

With lightening reactions, Diane reached up and put a hand on my chest, and the other around my neck, pulling me towards her. Her lips and mine meeting as she snaked a tongue into my mouth. Diane pressed her body against mine, and I could feel her bullet hard nipples against my chest.

I kissed her back -- this was angry kissing. Passionate and hard. 

She moved the hand that was on my chest and wrapped it around my back, moving down underneath the towel to my buttocks. 

As we kissed, her breathing became more shallow, more ragged. 

"You fucking bastard. Speaking to me like that." she gasped as she ground her lips against mine.

The towel fell to the floor, revealing my now hard cock between us.

Diane moved her hand between us to take it and started to roughly massage me, her hand tight around my cock.

"Is this what you want, you bastard." she hissed.

My hand went around Diane and started to lift up the dress she was wearing, squeezing her surprisingly pert buttocks in the process.

I had my hand on Diane's arse and slipped it between her buttocks, right in between her thighs. I could feel the heat coming from her pussy, her body starting to melt, and as I slid my finger over the panties, could feel the moistness of her juices.

I reached up and took hold of the waistband of her panties, dragging them down to her thighs. 

"No, you bastard. You can't." she gasped between kisses, as I reached between her thighs again, this time with no barrier between my finger and her pussy. I slid a finger inside the soft wet lips, penetrating her upto my knuckle.

"Yes I fucking can Diane. I can do what I want."

This seemed to prompt a gush of juices from her heat and a moan from her throat. So Diane wanted to be told what to do did she? Well I can do that.

"Get on your knees Diane, and suck my cock."

"No. I can't. I don't do that."

"Just do as you are told Diane. Get on your fucking knees."

Diane slid down my body, her hands not releasing my hard cock, my finger sliding out of her cunt. She rested on her knees, and looked at the cock in front of her. She seemed hesitant, until I put my hand over hers on my cock, and pointed it towards her mouth.

"Suck it Diane."

I put my hand on the back of her head, and only gently urged her towards my cock. She looked up at me, and never breaking eye contact, took the head of my cock between her bright red cherry lips.

I slightly pushed forward, urging her to take more inside, and she obliged, still pumping my shaft as she swirled her tongue around my cock head.

Her eyes closed, she continued to suck my cock, but I wanted more. She wanted to be owned and dominated, well I was going to make sure she was.

After a minute or so of sucking on my hardness, her hand cupping my balls, I told Diane to get up. She looked up at me, surprised. Did I not want her to carry on?

My cock made an audible pop as she continued to suck and I moved my cock back.

"Get up."

Diane stood in front of me.

"Turn around."

Diane looked hesitant, but the defiance was returning.

"No, I fucking won't."

"Diane, I SAID, Turn around. Now."

She complied and turned around, facing away from me. I started to kiss her neck, my arm wrapped around her waist.

Her moans started to come as I started to knead her breasts over her dress, and simultaneously kissed and caressed her neck. I purposely kept my cock away from her, or my pre-cum and her saliva would show on the dress later.

I snaked my hand over her flat stomach and moved over her pussy, pulling the dress up as I moved downwards. Soon I had her dress around her waist and her panties were still halfway down her thighs.

I smoothed my hand over her pussy, through her pubic hair that had obviously been manicured for today. 

I slid over her clitoris, that sent a shiver through Diane's body and cupped her pussy in my hand.

Diane shuddered as I curled a finger between her now soaking lips.

"You bastard."

Her breathing coming in more ragged gasps as I now slipped two fingers inside her, grazing against her G-spot.

Diane's legs were starting to tremble as she placed her hands behind her, trying to reach round to take my cock.

"You are going to make me cum you fucker. You basta...ooh ooh...oh fuck, oh fuck."

I could feel Diane's pussy gushing over my hand, bucking and thrusting against my palm, and decided that it was time.

I pulled back towards me with the hand that was over Diane's pussy, and at the same time, pushed Diane's top half forwards, forcing her to bend over.

"You...you can't. We mustn't. It's my daughter's wedding day. I need to get back downstai...ooh shit...oh God."

I placed my cock between Diane's flowering pussy lips, and pushed forwards, pulling her back towards me at the same time. My cock buried right up to the hilt in her cunt. Her panties dropped to the floor.

Diane pushed back against me, and I could feel the walls of the pussy flexing against my cock. I drew back, and pushed in deep again. Diane liked this, despite her protestations. 

"Oh God, that's fucking fabulous. Do it again Paul."

I thrust my cock hard into Diane's soaking pussy, each time getting harder and faster.

Diane was now bent at the waist, her hands on the bed, eyes closed as I fucked her hard and fast. 

Her legs started to tremble again as I pushed deep into her, my cock bumping against the head of her cervix.

"There. Oh that's it. I'm going to cum..Don't stop."

I deliberately slowed my thrusts into Diane, just to keep her on the edge of her orgasm. I knew it was coming, but I wanted to hold her on the edge for a few more seconds.

I reached round to the dresser, and picked up one of the silent cameras I use, and quickly snapped a few shots of my cock disappearing into Diane. Quickly flicked it to video mode, and recorded 5 seconds of Diane's moans.

"Oh fuck me you bastard. Fuck me til I cum."

I put the camera down on the dresser, still recording and held onto Diane's waist. I pushed my cock upto the hilt inside her, bumping that cervix again as I increased my thrusts.

"Oh God...Oh God...Yes...Now. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Fuck meeeee..."

Diane tipped over the edge, legs trembling wildly, and fell into her orgasm, my cock pummelling into her cunt. My thighs slapping against her buttocks as I too felt the wave of my orgasm rise.

"Ahh, Ahh..Oh Jesus, you bastard...that's what I've been wanting for years. Somebody to fuck me. Don't stop."

Diane clenched her pussy against my cock. It was all over for me, as I thrust hard and deep into her.

My cum gushed out of my cock, as Diane reached the next peak of her orgasm.

"Oh God, Oh God. Another one. Oooooooh. Ride me Paul. Fuck meeeee... Fill meeeeee..."

Her legs buckled and I had to reach around her to keep her upright, my cock buried deep inside her, still spurting cum deep into her belly. Diane's orgasm subsided after a minute or so, and my faccid cock fell from her now well ploughed pussy.

Diane was still bent over the bed as her breathing returned to normal and I stopped the camera, picked up the towel and noticed my cum dripping onto the carpet from her sodden pussy.

Diane stood up and her dress dropped back into place around her legs. Her face flushed, and breathing more sighs than anything else.

She smoothed her dress down in the mirror, walked towards the door of my room, pausing only to look over her shoulder.

"I should have done that years ago. See you downstairs."

I re-showered quickly, and got dressed. As I put on my jacket and gathered up my cameras, I quickly scrolled back through the last few videos and shots I'd taken. My God she was hot, once she'd thawed out from being such a bitch.

I picked up her discarded panties from the floor, and stuffed them in my pocket. 

Who knows, she might want them back.

==

The rest of the wedding reception went far better than I'd imagined. 

Diane suddenly became friendly to everyone, and was laughing and joking before the speeches were even completed.

She threw me a number of looks across the room, each with a wry smile as she remembered what had happened only a short while ago.

Her husband sat at the top table most of the night, not talking to many people, and just watching the festivities rather than being a part of them. Maybe that's why Diane was so frosty.

The day came to an end, and guests left or went off to their rooms, and my work for the day was complete.

I sloped off to my room and placed the cameras on the dresser -- I'd sort them out in the morning.

Just then a knock on the door, a light tap.

I stood and walked over to open the door. Outside stood Diane. 

"Hi Paul. Great day wasn't it. Did I... err...leave something in here earlier that I forgot to pick up...?"

"I've no idea Diane, why don't you come in and have a look."

I let Diane walk past me as I closed the door, and as I turned, I watched the lemon dress fall to the floor over her naked buttocks...