 "Wake up, sleepyhead," a soft, sweet voice sings in his ear. 

Bobby opens his eyes and tries to sit up but finds that he's bound to a bed in a pink-painted frilly room. Posters of Johnny Depp, Chris Hemsworth and fucking Robert Pattinson are pinned to the walls. 

"Fucking shit, Brittany!" he moans. "What's going on?"

"We didn't think it was fair that only Rachel go through the trials and felt you should go through your own at the same time," the buxom blonde says, practically lying across him. 

Brittany is Rachel's roommate and best friend. She's a little obnoxious sometimes, but she's definitely a fun ball of energy. Bobby lifts his head to see that he's bound to Brittany's bed by four sets of pink, fuzzy handcuffs. He remembers being warned by Renee that his friends had come up with an idea to put Rachel through a set of sexual trials to prove herself, but she also told him that the girls in their group of friends were planning to do the same to him. 

"So, tonight's the night, huh?" he asks. 

"That's right, stud," she says, slapping his chest playfully. "I'm your first trial. What you do will be a mirror of what Rachel's doing. That way you know what she's going through and she knows what you're going through," Brittany explains.

"This isn't a test to not cheat?" Bobby asks to make sure he does the right thing.

Brittany shakes her head. "No, we know you two would never cheat on each other. You're too perfect for each other. In fact, that's one of the reasons we're putting you two through this. We want you to experience more before you tie the knot. Maybe even stir a desire to experiment together after the honeymoon phase is over."

"Shouldn't that be up to us?"

"Of course! We just want to open you guys up to it. What you do with this experience later is up to you," she tries to reason with him.

She stares at him in silence for a moment before deciding it's time to get started. "Now, somewhere in this room is the clue to your next trial. Your job is to get the location of that clue from me in any way possible. Just, no violence," she says.

"You know me better than that, Brit," he says.

She smiles sweetly at him and then kisses his nose. "That's true. You'd never hit me."

"Now, I can't do much shackled to this bed," he reasons with her.

She giggles. "I guess it's time to let you out then," she says and then goes to her dresser. Opening the top drawer she removes a handcuff key and one by one releases Bobby's restraints, starting with his feet. When she un-cuffs his right hand, he grabs one of her melon-sized breasts and squeezes firmly. She gasps slightly at his touch and then decides to crawl across the bed to release his other hand. 

Straddling him, she sits on his hardening cock and wiggles her wide, bubble butt. Brittany has a few extra pounds on her, but she's not fat by any means. In fact, Bobby has always found her attractive. She has wonderful curves in all the right places and is very well proportioned. Society might call her a plus size, but that's never stopped him from either fantasizing about her or from getting hard seeing her prod around the pool in her bikinis. Because of her size, not much is ever left to the imagination. 

As she releases his left hand, she lowers her face to his and gently presses their lips together in a soft kiss. Bobby sits up and wraps his arms around her, mashing her large tits into his chest and grinding his quickly hardening cock against her ass which is barely contained by a pair of pink, cotton shorts. Her matching tank top barely contains her tits and definitely rides up enough to show off a smooth belly with cute love handles. Bobby pinches the small amount of flesh that creates a slight muffin-top above her shorts and she laughs, breaking their make out session.

"That tickles," she says before kissing him again. 

Her tongue darts into his mouth again and they continue to make out until her phone chimes. With a sigh she breaks their kiss and retrieves her phone from the night stand. With a frown she returns her phone to the table.

"What's wrong?" Bobby asks.

"That was from Renee and Travis, they say oral only for the first trial," she says.

"Meaning that's all Rachel did for her first task?" he thinks for a minute. "You said this was mirrored, right? What she does, I do?"

Brittany nods with a confused expression on her face. "Yeah, why?"

"She blew Chaz, huh?" he asks.

Her eyes grow wide. "How did you know?"

"Come on, Brit, you're smarter than that. You're Rachel's best friend, Chaz is mine. It's an easy deduction."

Brittany sighs. "Fine, you've figured it out. I told you too much earlier, but I knew you wouldn't go through with this if you didn't know that she was doing the same thing."

"You're right about that," he tells her, scratching her back lightly. "Tell you what," he says. "When this is all done, maybe Rachel and I will take you and Chaz out and make up for giving you guys less than we'll probably give the others."

Her mouth spreads into a wide, toothy smile. "You've got a deal," she says and then kisses him again.

As they resume making out, Bobby rolls her onto her back and begins to kiss down her neck. "Don't worry, I'll do a little more than just eat your pussy," he promises her and then resumes kissing and licking her neck. 

Bobby reaches down and lifts her tank top up her body. She sits up enough for them to remove her top and reveal her braless breasts. With a grin, he kisses her one more time and then dives into her beautiful melons. He massages one while sucking and licking the other. He bites on her big, round nipples occasionally, making her squeal in delight. He continues this with intervals between each breast for a few minutes before she pushes him lower down her body. He's gotten her ready for more, so he kisses and licks down her smooth, soft belly to her pink shorts, which she removes to reveal a perfectly shaved pussy. 

Dragging his tongue around her puffy lips, he caresses her inner thighs first before kissing her glistening pussy lips. A moan escapes her mouth as he teases her pussy with his tongue, lightly licking her from bottom to top. Her fingers lightly scratch the back of his head as he continues to lick her cunt with more and more pressure with each pass. She tastes sweet to him, like a tangy candy he can't get enough of. He plunges his tongue in deeper, eliciting a delightful squeal from her before she sighs heavily. He twirls his tongue around and she giggles and moans at once.

"Holy shit," she gasps. "No one's ever eaten me like this," she compliments him.

He hums into her pussy as he darts his tongue back and forth.

"Go back to twirling your tongue, that felt better," she requests and he obliges. 

He continues like this for a few minutes and her breathing becomes more ragged and labored. Her hips buck into his face involuntarily, so he uses his hands to hold her in place. Her grip on the back of his head increases as well, her fingernails digging into his skull. He pulls back for a quick break and her eyes open wide in desperation for more attention to her pussy.

"You're hurting me with your nails, love," he explains gently and then kisses her.

"Mmm, I taste good," she says with a grin. "I'll try to be more careful with your head," she promises. 

He kisses her one more time and then dives back into her pussy. She presses her fingers into the back of his head again, but this time she only uses the pads of her fingers rather than her nails. Pulling his tongue out of her pussy, he finds her clit and licks and flicks it for a few seconds before sucking on it. Her cute squeals and moans turn into vulgar screams of obscenities in no time. He's scared for a moment until she humps into his face roughly to bring herself to her climax. When her body finally goes rigid for a short eternity, she finally collapses on the bed again and gasps for air.

"Oh my god," she cries softly over and over.

Bobby crawls up to lie next to her, cuddling her into his arms. "That good?"

"Nobody's ever eaten me out that good," she says through her heavy breathing. "I'm literally crying," she says and buries her face into his shoulder, soaking his shirt. "I wish I could return the favor, but I'm not allowed to. I'm going to take you up on that promise one day, though," she vows.

"Good," he says, kissing the top of her head. 

"Give me a minute and I'll get you the clue for your next task."

"Take your time, Brit."

A couple minutes later, she sits up, kisses Bobby and then rolls off of her bed to her dresser again. She removes an envelope and hands it to him. 

Opening the envelop he removes a slip of paper instructing him to read out loud, like the ones Rachel has gotten. "You wrote these, didn't you?" he asks and Brittany nods. "I can tell it's definitely your handwriting."

"Shit, do you think Rachel knows too?"

Bobby nods. "I can guarantee it," he chuckles. "Well done, Bobby. You made me cum so good! Now, for your next task; change into the board shorts I'm about to give you. You're about to get wet!"

Bobby looks up to see Brittany fishing out a pair of board shorts from her closet. She bounces back over to him, her large breasts jiggling with each hop she makes. 

"Strip," she commands.

He laughs and quickly removes his clothes and reaches for the shorts but she pulls them away at the last second, causing his hand to grab her tits instead. He doesn't complain, of course; instead, he tweaks her nipple, making her scream and then laugh. She tosses the shorts at him. 

"That's what I thought," he says, pulling the shorts on. 

"I just wanted to see that cock a little longer. It's a very nice one," she compliments him.

"Thanks," he says with a chuckle. "I guess I'll head on down to the pool outside."

"You're so smart," she says sarcastically. 

"See you later, Brit," he says and then walks out of the room as she crawls across her bed to grab her cell phone.

As he makes his way out to the backyard, he remembers back to when he first met Brittany...

**************************************************

"Are you the T.A.?" a voluptuous blond asked Bobby as he graded papers at the professor's desk in the lab. 

He looked up to see a large set of tits nearly spilling out of a little pink dress. "Um, yeah, I'm the T.A.," he replies.

"I was told you offer tutoring," she said, twirling her pretty blond hair in her finger.

"When I have time, yes, I do," he answered, setting his pen down. "Is that what you need?"

"Yeah, I'm terrible at Chemistry," she confessed with a ditzy roll of her eyes. 

"Okay, well, let me take a look at my schedule and see when we can meet up. What's your name?"

"Brittany. I'm friends with Rachel," she said.

"Oh, you're roommate Brittany!" he said, connecting the dots. 

"That's me!" she giggled. 

He stood up and stretched his hand out to her. "It's nice to finally meet you," he said as she shook his hand. 

"Same here; Rachel never shuts up about you, I just had to find a reason to meet you since she won't ever bring you around the dorm," she told him.

"Well, I think she's still worried about how things would look. I tutored her last semester before we started dating; she doesn't want people getting the wrong idea."

"Well, your secret's safe with me," she said with a wink. 

Bobby grinned and chuckled nervously. "So, are you really in this class or were you just making an excuse to meet me?"

She smiled bashfully. "You caught me. My curiosity got the best of me and I had to meet you."

He smiled. "Well, it was nice to finally meet you, Brittany."

"And you as well," she said, her tone suddenly changing to a flirtatious one. 

She walked around the desk as he stood up and came dangerously close. "Brit," he stuttered, unable to finish her name.

"You can call me Brit; I kinda like it," she said.

"Brittany, stop," he commands, placing his hands on her shoulders. "Look, you are a very beautiful girl, but I'm crazy about Rachel. I would never cheat on her," he told her.

"Not even for a chance at these?" she asked, shoving her tits up and out of the top of her dress. "Oops," she giggled.

"Shit," he gasped and then closed his eyes and shook his head. "No, please, put them away, Brittany," he said backing away cautiously. "I would never cheat on Rachel."

Brittany stuffed her massive tits back into her dress and then quickly closed the gap between them and hugged him tightly. "That's all I needed to hear, Bobby. You can date my friend now," she said excitedly. 

"This was a test?" he asked her.

"A big one," she giggled. "And you passed with flying colors!" she praised him. "I'll find a way to reward you one day," she promised. 

"Are you done now?" Rachel asked angrily from the doorway.

"You were in on this?" Bobby asked.

"Not exactly; Brittany has a tendency to do what she wants," Rachel said with an uneasy grin. "I'm sorry," she apologized.

Pushing Brittany away from him he stepped up to Rachel; she looked scared, so he softened his expression. "It's fine, Rachel. I hope you heard me reject her, even after showing me her, forgive me for saying, amazing tits."

Rachel laughed. "They are spectacular," she agreed. "And I saw it all. You never once saw me standing in the doorway."

"I think Brit's tits were blocking my view," he joked.

"They do have special powers," Brittany joined in, laughing as well. 

**************************************************

And just a few minutes ago, he sucked on those amazing tits and ate her out to completion. She was right; she found a way to reward him. Now he's on his way out to the backyard to discover his next task. 

As he steps out into the dark backyard, the lights turn on to reveal Jessica, Glenn's fiancée, in a revealing red bikini, reclined in a pool chair. One sexy leg bent while the other one is stretched out, her arms crossed behind her head, forcing her firm, C-cup breasts to jut out in front of her. He'd always found her attractive with her dark, brown hair, perfectly curvy body and inviting brown eyes. The only thing that outshines her eyes is her charming smile with big, luscious lips. 

"Brittany must have enjoyed herself if you're already out here," Jessica says in her deep, sultry voice; she's always reminded Bobby of Jennifer Lawrence when she talks. 

"Can't say I didn't enjoy myself as well," he admits to her as he slowly approaches her lounge chair. 

"I bet it got you pretty hard, didn't it?" she asks, propping herself up on her elbows to look at him better. "Yep, I see a nice tent pitching in your shorts."

Bobby shrugs. "Can't help it; Brit's got amazing tits, as we've all become accustomed to say."

Jessica chuckles softly through a closed mouth smile. "They are spectacular," she agrees. "But, I think mine are a close second."

Bobby shrugs. "You know I'm partial to Rachel's body," he tells her before squatting next to her chair, his eyes finally seeing her soft brown eyes again.

"I know, Bobby, you're very loyal, so this whole thing must be hard for you," she says sympathetically. 

"Well, if you're here, that means Rachel's about to fuck Glenn, isn't she?" he asks and she nods. "Then, it's not as hard, as wrong as it all feels at the same time. If she's going through with her end, I should do the same so we can say we did this together."

"That's the spirit," she says and then surprises him by pulling him in for a kiss. After a minute or two she pulls away and they both gasp for air. "I've wanted to do that for a long time," she admits. 

"Really?" he asks, still in a daze from her kiss.

She nods. "When you acted as Glenn's wingman at that bar when we met, I was a little disappointed to find out that that's all you were; a wingman. Luckily, I ended up liking Glenn, too, but you were the one I wanted that night. Of course, when I found out about Rachel, I gave up those thoughts and kept you as a secret fantasy. Now, I get to fulfill that fantasy tonight," she says and kisses him again. 

"Well, if we're being honest, when I first approached you in that bar, a part of me kinda wished Rachel and I hadn't been dating, but a bigger part of me wished she'd been twenty-one and able to get into the bar legally so Glenn would have had to approach you himself," he laughs and she joins him. 

"Well, things have a way of working themselves out for the better, right?" she asks him.

"They do indeed. So, what's my task?" he asks.

Jessica pulls out a remote with a single button on it and then presses the button. A floodlight turns on with a resounding BOOM and lights up a girl tied to a chair leaning over the edge of the pool. The back of the chair is held in place by two ropes, and at the end of the ropes are two small explosive just big enough to snap the ropes. Only one person could have put this together: Travis. 

"Travis is working with you guys?" Bobby asks, forgetting that Brittan mentioned him just a few minutes ago.

"He made all of this possible. So, if it seems a bit over the top, you know why," she giggles. "Now, you have thirty minutes from the time I turned that light on to bring us both to screaming orgasms. As soon as we both cum, I will push the button and Rebecca's chair will be brought safely back to all fours and she will reward you as she sees fit."

"Rebecca? Rachel's sister?" he asks and then stands up and walks over to the pool. From across the small expanse of water, he sees the scared look on her gagged face. "Are you okay, Becca?" he asks. 

She looks at him and nods and then jerks her head towards Jessica, telling him to fuck her and save her from falling into the pool. She's in on it, though she doesn't seem to want to fall into the water. Bobby shakes his head and returns to Jessica.

"Let's get this started," he says and then she sits up to remove his shorts.

To Be Continued...