 During summer breaks all through college, I worked as a bartender at a banquet hall near my house. The hall would have at least one wedding a week throughout the summer, so the work was pretty steady and relatively easy. Combined with the relatively close proximity to my house (and the occasional hot bridesmaids) it wasn't a terrible summer job at all.

One weekend in mid-July was unbearably hot, and the hall had a wedding reception scheduled for that Saturday. I really didn't feel like going in to work that day; my friends planned on packing a cooler and going to the beach for the entire day. I would have loved to go to the beach; drinking a few beers, throwing a football or frisbee around and meeting a few hot girls sounded like a great way to spend a Saturday. At least that sounded much better than spending all day mixing drinks and opening bottles, but I figured at least I would make some good cash for the day. 

At one point, I went outside to go make a phone call before we began to serve dinner. I stepped out into the sweltering parking lot and called my friends at the beach. It sounded like they were having a great time, and they made sure to give me a hard time for having to work. I told them I'd give them a call when I got out to see where they were at and meet them downtown. They made sure to give me a little more shit and rub it in that I wasn't at the beach before they hung up. I was just about to turn and go back into the hall when my day at work immediately got much better.

A black SUV pulled up into one of the remaining spots and a couple got out. One of the most gorgeous Asian women I have ever seen got out of the passenger's side and began walking to the door to the banquet hall. She was wearing a pretty brown dress that, while elegant and flowing, still hugged the curves of her body. I could only imagine how she looked under that dress. The muscles of her smooth, tanned legs flexed with every step she took, and her small, delicate feet were in sexy gold strappy heels. Her legs looked stunning in the dress and heels combination. I couldn't help but stare and watch her walk across the parking lot. As she looked over in my direction, I quickly turned to go back into the building. It looked like I would at least have one reason to enjoy working that day.

The reception was typical of all the other receptions I had worked. As soon as people found their placards and grabbed seats at their tables, they immediately came to me at the bar. Most of the time I just opened beer bottles or poured glasses of wine, but sometimes people would order mixed drinks. Otherwise, the job was pretty simple. After about two hours, the DJ announced that dinner would be served in roughly 15 minutes and that we would be closing the open bar during dinner. A few people came up for one last drink before dinner began, but with about two minutes left I started to get ready to shut down until after dinner. I was gathering empty bottles to throw in the recycling out back when I heard a woman come to the bar.

"Excuse me, I know you're closing up but could I get one last drink?" she said.

"No problem," I said, "what can I get you?" I turned around and stopped dead; it was the gorgeous Asian woman from the parking lot.

"Can I get a glass of Chardonnay?" she asked with a smile.

"Of course you can." I put down a napkin, grabbed a bottle, and began pouring it into a glass. 

"You were outside earlier, weren't you?" she asked.

"Um...yea I was. Why, did you see me?" 

"Haha, yes I did. You seemed to be looking at something. Then you quickly went inside. Did you see anything you like?" she said as she winked at me.

I was pretty surprised; was she flirting? Didn't she come here with her husband? Regardless, I decided I was just going to go with it.

"Well, something definitely caught my eye," I said with a smirk.

"Hmmm, is that so? It wouldn't happen to have been little ole me, would it?"

"Haha, you caught me. That's a very beautiful dress. Hopefully I see more of you in it," and, I hoped, out of it.

"We'll see," she said. "I'll be back for more drinks."

"I look forward to it," I said. "My name's David, yours?"

"Elaine," she said. "Nice to meet you...I'll be back later."

As she walked back to her table I couldn't take my eyes off of her. Her legs were amazing and flexed with every step, and the dress elegantly draped her body. I shut down the open bar for dinner and went back into the kitchen to help out where I could. After about an hour, I went out into the lobby for a quick break. I was going to call my friends to see where they were, but I saw the door open and Elaine walk out into the lobby. She looked at me and giggled. 

"David! See, I told you I'd see you later...what are you doing out here?"

"Just making a phone call. How are you enjoying the reception?"

"I'm having a good time, but unfortunately my husband has to go home and take care of our little one. I'm glad I ran into you though; can you show me where the ladies' room is?"

"Haha, sure Elaine. It's right over there, second door on the right," I said as I pointed her in the direction of the bathroom. I couldn't take my eyes off her gorgeous tanned legs as she walked away. Once she went inside the women's room, I called my friends to see what they were up to. They were starting to wrap things up at the beach and were trying to decide where they were going to go in the city. They made sure to let me know how many hot girls were running around in skimpy bikinis throughout the day. As I listened to them rattle off all that I was missing out on, I heard the click of heels behind me. Suddenly, I felt a hand quickly reach into my pocket and quickly slip out. I turned to see Elaine smiling devilishly at me as she walked back into the banquet hall. I smiled, told my friend I had to get back to work, and hung up. As I started to walk back into the hall, I reached into my pocket. My hands stopped when I felt the object inside. I grasped it between my fingers and pulled it out. I couldn't believe what I held in my hand; a tiny, sexy pair of white lace panties. Even more amazing: the panties were wet! Elaine must have been quite aroused. I heard the DJ announce that the bar would be back open in about 5 minutes, so I slipped the panties back in my pocket and headed back into the banquet hall. As I walked through the hall, I caught Elaine's eyes. She smiled and winked at me, then quickly looked around to see if anyone was watching; when she didn't see anyone looking her way, she spread her legs, ran her finger along her inner thigh, and brought it to her lips. She licked her finger and sucked it between her lips; I was so fixated on Elaine that I nearly tripped over a chair on my way back to the bar. 

Once dinner was over, the guests started coming back to the bar. It was a good thing nobody wanted any complicated drinks; I was far too distracted to focus on mixing drinks. I kept thinking about the sexy panties—moist with Elaine's arousal—in my pocket. Lost in the monotony of opening beer bottles and pouring glasses of wine was Elaine standing in line. She was about three or four people back when I saw her. We locked eyes and both smiled instantly. When it was her turn, she asked for another glass of Chardonnay. I poured it for her and handed her the glass; she slipped a dollar bill and a folded piece of paper into my hand, winked, and walked back to her table. I dropped the dollar into the tip glass set up on the bar, pocketed the piece of paper, and tended to the two people in line behind her. Once I got them their drinks, I took the paper out of my pocket and read what it said: "Lobby, 10 minutes. -Elaine"

I could hardly wait that ten minutes. I reached into my pocket and felt her wet, sexy little panties once more. Knowing that she was sitting there without panties and wanted to meet up in the lobby in ten minutes was almost too much to bear. I looked towards Elaine's table; she was staring right at me. She quickly dipped the tip of her middle finger in her wine glass, stirred it a bit, and wiped it from her knee all the way up her thigh. With that, she winked at me, got up from her chair, and walked out of the hall. 

I immediately walked out from behind the bar; when one of my co-workers asked where I was going, I mumbled something about "needing to take care of something" and asked him to cover for me as I walked away. I stepped out into the lobby, but Elaine was nowhere to be found. I walked to the other end of the lobby and still didn't see Elaine. Suddenly I saw her poke her head out of the smaller banquet hall in the building. 

"Psst, looking for lil' ole' me?" she whispered seductively.

She had the wine glass in one hand; with the other, she motioned for me to come join her. I looked around and walked into the room with her. The wedding was the only function going on that day, so the room was empty except for some tables and chairs scattered about. I put my arm around Elaine's waist and held her close to me as we walked into the room. 

"So," I said, trying to play coy, "what did you want to meet up about?"

"Well I was just enjoying this fantastic Chardonnay, and I thought maybe you'd like a taste."

"Haha, I've been behind the bar all day...you don't think I've tasted the wine?" I laughed.

"Hmmm, not for nothing, but you haven't tasted it from here," she said as she lifted her dress to reveal a wet line from when she trailed the wine on her thigh. She put her hand on my shoulder and pushed me down to my knees. I caressed her legs and began to kiss from her feet and ankles up her toned calves. My hands slid to the outside of her thighs and hiked her dress up further. I stuck out my tongue and began to lick her inner thighs just above her knee. I savored the crisp Chardonnay on her supple, smooth inner thigh. She moaned and ran her hands through my hair as I licked closer and closer to her pussy. I could smell her arousal and felt the heat radiating from her "kitty." Suddenly she grabbed a handful of hair and pulled my face to her pussy; I slowly and deliberately licked all around her moist pussy lips until I finally slid my tongue into her wet slit. 

"Ohhhhhhh fuck, lick my pussy," she said just loudly enough for anyone outside the door to hear. 

She leaned back against the table behind her and set her wine glass down. She began rolling her hips and forcing my tongue deeper into her pussy. She lifted one gorgeous leg and draped it over my shoulder in order to pull me closer. My tongue traced around the outer lips of her pussy and caressed her vulva. I lapped at her pussy, first thrusting my tongue in and out of her tiny hole and then licking her delicate lips. As her pussy got wetter and wetter, I started to zero in on her engorged clit. I slowly ran the entire length of my tongue across her clit. Elaine groaned and her body shuddered as I stimulated her hard little clit. After minute or two of long, slow licks, I began to flick the tip of my tongue rapidly over her hot little button. Her hand clamped down on my head and her leg wrapped tighter around my neck and shoulders. I continued flicking her clit as she whimpered and moaned. Finally, I wrapped my lips around her button and began to gently suck on it as my tongue continued its assault. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh David, you're gonna make me cum!" she breathily moaned.

I sucked and flicked her clit until her body stiffened and I felt her pussy spasm. Her succulent juices began flowing steadily out of her pussy as she came, and I licked and tasted as much of it as I could. Once she came down from her orgasm and weakly pushed my head away from her pussy, I saw that her inner thighs were still slick with her cum.

"Mmmmmmmmm, that was so good....my turn," she said as she spun me around, pushed me up against the table, and dropped to her knees.

Elaine unbuttoned my pants and slid my zipper down. She slipped her slender fingers in the waist of my pants and pulled them down my legs. Elaine ran her hands over the bulge in my boxers and began kissing my throbbing cock through the thin cotton material. She hooked her fingers in the elastic waistband and (excruciatingly) slowly slid my boxers down my legs until they joined my pants in a heap at my feet. As my cock sprang out, Elaine began slowly running her soft hands over the smooth, swollen head and the veiny shaft. 

Elaine planted soft, quick kisses all over my cockhead and shaft as she worked her way down to my balls. She gave each one a quick playful peck and then reached up to the table to grab her wine glass. She took a drink but did not swallow it. As she held the glass in her hands, she quickly spread her lips and took my cock in her mouth. Elaine began swishing the wine back and forth over my cock in her mouth. The sensation was incredible; a warm, talented mouth combined with the tingly, cool wine. Elaine slowly pulled her head back and my cock popped out from between her pursed lips. A little bit of wine escaped past her luscious lips and dripped down to her chest, but she swallowed the rest that was in her mouth. 

She looked up into my eyes and slowly stroked my cock. She brought her lips to my cock, stuck out her tongue, and began to swirl her tongue all around the velvety smooth head. She maintained eye contact with me the entire time she worked her amazing tongue on my cockhead. As she slowly, erotically teased the slit with the tip of her tongue, I ran my hand through her hair and caressed her face. She kissed my cockhead and then began to slowly lick my shaft down to my balls. She ran her tongue all over my cock and erotically licked every inch of me. Once my cock was slick with her saliva, she began rubbing it all over her face, kissing it, and moaning. She rubbed my cock all over her cheeks and across her eyelids. She had trails of saliva all over her face as she worshipped my cock. Suddenly she wrapped her lips around my balls and began to suck and lick them once more. I groaned a deep, guttural groan as I felt her tongue bathe my cum-filled balls. She let my balls pop out of her mouth and dragged her tongue up my shaft and past the throbbing head of my cock. 

Just when I thought she was done, she took her wine glass and positioned it next to my cock. She gently flicked her tongue against the underside of my cock and opened her mouth wide. She tipped her glass slightly over my cock and let a few droplets of wine spill on my throbbing member; she promptly licked them off with her flat, moist tongue. Then she began to pour more Chardonnay over my cockhead and let it cascade into her open mouth, all without ever breaking our eye contact. She emptied her glass over my cock and made sure to catch and lick all of the wine off me. She set the empty glass down on the table, swallowed the wine in her mouth and gave my cock one last lick and suck to make sure she got every last drop. 

I nearly collapsed back onto the table as I was reeling from the hottest blowjob I had ever received. I helped Elaine stand up and immediately bent her over the table. I pulled her dress up over her hips and past her toned, firm ass. Her pussy was soaking wet; moisture was running steadily down her thighs. I lined my cock up with her tight pussy, grabbed her hips, and thrust my cock inside her. 

"Ohhh fuck, your pussy feels amazing," I groaned.

"Mmmm fuuuuuck meeeeeeee!," she whimpered.

I thrust my cock in and out of her tight pussy. Every time I would pull back, her lips gripped my cock and seemed to pull me back into her. My balls slapped against her clit as I increased the pace of my thrusts. I spanked her ass and she moaned and raised her ass as her lips spread to accommodate my cock. 

Elaine began to match my thrusts and buck her ass back towards me. I bottomed out deep in her pussy with every thrust. As my balls slapped her pussy, her wetness splattered across the table. I kept working my cock in and out of her pussy. While we were trying to subdue our moans so as to avoid being discovered, Elaine began to moan louder and I grunted as I pounded her tight cunt. Between the noises we were making and the sound of my pelvis slapping against her firm ass, I'm sure someone had to hear us. 

Suddenly I felt Elaine's legs stiffen and she pressed herself up off the table. She arched her back, threw her head back, and I felt her pussy spasm and clamp around my cock. As Elaine came all over my cock, it began to throb and swell. 

"Mmmmm fuck Elaine, I'm gonna cum," I groaned.

"Ohh fuck...I-mmmmm-I want to taste it!" she exclaimed 

I thrust deep in her pussy one last time and then pulled out. She spun around as quickly as she could and dropped to her knees. As she spun, she grabbed her wine glass off the table. She got on her knees in front of me and opened her mouth wide. As I quickly stroked my cock towards my impending orgasm, she held the wine glass under her open mouth. I aimed my cock towards Elaine's face and open mouth as I felt my balls tighten and my cock throb. I felt the cum boil up through my shaft and exploded jet after jet of salty, warm cum across Elaine's face and into her mouth. A few shots landed on her chin and dripped down her face into her glass. Once the last few spurts of cum shot out of my cock, I slowly staggered back a few steps. Elaine had streaks of cum dripping off her face and was swirling a thick glob of cum around in her mouth. Her glass held a small puddle of cum. 

"Oh My God...that was amazing Elaine....." I panted.

"Mmmmmmm, I just love the taste of cum...." Elaine said.

Elaine took her index finger and scooped some of the cum off of her face. She placed her finger in the puddle of cum in her glass and slowly stirred and swirled it around. She looked at me, winked, and tilted her head back. She held the glass over her lips and turned it over. My cum slowly oozed down the side of the glass and formed a long, sticky strand between her tongue and the rim of the glass. She slurped my cum out of the glass and used her tongue to lick the glass clean.

"Hmmmmm....that was even better than the Chardonnay!" she said seductively. 

Elaine scooped the remaining cum off of her face and licked her fingers clean. I grabbed a clean napkin off of one of the tables and wiped her face before she went to the bathroom to clean up. After we both got cleaned up, I popped my head out of the door to see if the coast was clear. There was nobody in the lobby, so I grabbed Elaine's hand and led her out of the room. As she turned to head to the ladies' room, I pulled her hand towards me.

"That was incredible; I thought today was gonna be a bad day, but it's been great," I said with a smile.

"Mmmm, the pleasure was all mine...well, I guess not 'all' mine...," she said with a smirk as she looked at my still throbbing cock straining against my pants. "Still have that piece of paper?"

"Yea, right here."

"Gimme a pen," she commanded. I pulled one out of my pocket, gave her the pen and paper, and she quickly wrote her number down.

"Here's my number...text me so I'll have yours. Next time my husband is out of town....well...I'll be on the couch with a glass of Chardonnay. Maybe I'll give you a call." With that she winked and turned to walk to the ladies' room. I looked at my watch and realized I had spent a good amount of time away from work. I had no idea how I was going to explain this one. 

"Where the fuck have you been?" my co-worker asked.

"Uh, long story....sorry man," I apologized.

"You're lucky it wasn't too busy...."

I got back behind the bar and got back to opening bottles and pouring drinks. After a few minutes, I felt my phone vibrate. I reached into my pocket and saw that my friend had texted me:

"Headin to the bar downtown. Beach was awesome. Too bad you had to work, poor fucker. Haha."

...Yea, "too bad." If only he knew...