 This story developed from a dinner conversation where we discussed writing an erotic story based around a travelogue. It has also been based loosely around a weekend that I experienced many years ago. I hope you enjoy it and I would love constructive comment.

*

It was nine o'clock when I arrived at the marina car par. Bobbin Head is a spectacular area perched on the bank of Cowan Creek, a deep waterway that flows down through a spectacular valley into Pittwater and Broken Bay. My lifelong friends Simon and his wife of four years Simone, had invited me on the weekend so that I could use my vast boating experience to take them cruising in their rented vessel. In return they promised to have a blind date for me.

Now I had known Simon and Simone since kindergarten, our parents had houses in the same street and we were inseparable. Our parents were very well shod so there were no money problems. When we left university Simone commenced working as a Primary School teacher whilst Simon and I set up a very successful computer technology business. 

Grabbing a backpack and ice box, I walked down to the wharf, to what appeared a well-appointed forty foot cabin cruiser with a flying bridge. Stepping aboard, I made my way to a door into the main saloon. As I approached, I was met by a woman with a startlingly beautiful face, and burning eyes; she came towards me from the darkness into the light of the doorway. I saw for the first time the most beautiful woman on earth. We stopped, starring at each other; I was captivated, looking into those sable eyes like wet marbles gleaming behind canopies of thick dark lashes. I was totally smitten and I hoped we had a future. I just had to get to know her. My daydream was interrupted by the woman introducing herself as Anita. I held out my hand introducing myself and we stood there, holding hands, staring. Looking at Anita I thought that I could see a troubled expression, but then she smiled saying that it was great to meet me. Taking my backpack she led me into the galley where we placed the contents of my ice box into the fridge. She then took my bag down to a cabin.

At that moment Simon entered from the foredeck and we started to discuss the weekend and where we were going. I reported that the weather was supposed to be very hot but fine, although we may come on a stiff nor-easter in Broken Bay; if that's the case I suggested we put back into Cowan Creek and go to an isolated beach that I know. Simon brightened up saying that there was a blues band playing at the pub in Refuge Bay later that evening. Agreeing to our itinerary I climbed onto the bridge and prepared to get under way.

I was cruising carefully through the kaleidoscope of boats that were beads of bright color against the dark backdrop of the steep valley, when Anita slipped into the seat next to me. I saw that she had changed into a very brief yellow bikini. She said nothing as I worked my way through the fleet into the open water. On entering the main channel I glanced over at Anita; noticing her long dark brown hair framing her face with pointed chin and dark eyes. She was not tall being about five foot six with small perky breasts and wide hips. She would have been about 165 pounds and deeply tanned. "So where about in America are you from and what brought you to Australia?" I asked.

She replied in a quiet soft accent. "I am not from America, I am Canadian and I was born in Edmonton. I was the only child and my parents were very wealthy and ridiculously religious and very strict. Although I was sent to a Catholic Girls High School and did well in my grades I had an unhappy childhood. Even after leaving school and enrolling at university I was under my parents yoke. One Sunday evening arriving back at my digs I told my roommate about my parent's. At the time I did not know she was lesbian but I had heard rumors. Comforting me, she kissed me and before I knew it we were on my bed making hot steamy love."

"This may sound surprising but I had thought that I may be bisexual from my days at school. I used to have strange fantasies about one of my girlfriends. Tiffany and I were lovers throughout university, and when we left I was given a job teaching at a primary school in Vancouver. As soon as my contract period was concluded I made application to immigrate to Australia."

I was amazed at her story and the hardship that she had obviously undergone and was transfixed by her soft sing song dialogue. "How long have you been out here?"

"Nine months. I made application to teach at a school in Australia. I was sent to the same Primary School that Simone teaches at. That is how I got to know them."

"Do you like it out here?

"Oh yes it is a beautiful country and the people are so friendly. I love the climate, it is so warm after the climate of Canada, although I found the heat of summer a bit daunting at first, but now that I am acclimatised I have grown to love it as you can observe from my tan. Teachers are better paid over here and prices are comparable."

"I have known Simon and Simone since we were in kindergarten we are lifelong friends."

"Yes Simone told me when she invited me on this weekend. To be honest I was a bit hesitant at first because I had never been out with a man before. Simone said that of all the men she knew you were the most open, most considerate and that I could trust you emphatically. When I first saw you come through the door I felt a sort of charge, almost like an electric shock. Oh God what have I said?"

"I smiled and said, "Don't worry about it I won't tell if you don't."

"I don't understand what is happening and yet I do know that I can talk to you with confidence. I know that you realize that Simone is bi. She and I have an itinerant relationship going and it was on one of these weekends that she convinced me to come along. "

By this time we had arrived at the entrance to Broken Bay. As I had suggested there was a stiff nor-easter blowing and the water changed from flat calm to a grey windswept sea. The waves, with white spume blowing off were sweeping across the bay in front of the wind. The boat responded, starting to buck and roll into the sea throwing spray over the foredeck. Turning up into the Hawkesbury River we started to roll badly against the violence of the sea. Simon came onto the bridge and we both agreed to put back into Refuge Bay. I suggested that we anchor off the pub and take the boat to the beach. 

When we arrived Simone and Simon went to change, leaving Anita and me in the saloon. Sidling up to me she said "let's stay here; we really need to talk further." After the boat had left we grabbed a bottle of bubbly on the way and settled in the saloon, Anita sitting opposite me in a comfortable chair her blazing eyes staring unabashed into mine. We sat there for some minutes just looking into each others eyes until Anita spoke. "I am glad I came on this weekend. I almost didn't and then I would never have met you. So you work with Simon is that right?"

"Yes Anita, four years ago Simon and I set up Gondwana Computer Technology. We represent a number of computer manufactures and also service computers as well as set up and design computing networks for businesses. It has been very good to us and we are now employing 200 people nationwide." 

"WOW that is amazing well done I am impressed. So Simon married Simone at the time you set up your business?"

"Yes that's right; we had been running for six months when they got married."

"Why haven't you gotten married? A fine person like you I would have thought the girls would have been fighting over you."

"Oh I don't know I am just a computer geek who is always found with his head in some network. I suppose I have never found the time."

"Well you are not going to pass me off that easily I promise you that. Hehe, Oh fuck there it is, I have opened my big mouth again."

Smiling, I looked into her face taking in her features, recognizing the unbridled lust in her wondrous eyes. It was a natural lust not one just brought on by the need for sex. There was an embarrassing silence, as we looked at each other, I poured her another glass of bubbly and we sipped our drinks and contemplated each other. As we looked I recognized the stirrings down below of my phallus of love making it known that it was looking forward to some action. I brought my knees together willing it to calm down as it started to tent my board shorts. As I did this Anita slipped over to me and wrapped her arm over my shoulders, her warm naked skin creating even greater swelling down below. She leaned towards me, her lips brushing mine as we briefly kissed, our lips rubbing against each other as they experimented, exploring the boundaries.

I pulled back, looking deep into her dark smoldering eyes, questioning where we were going, what we were doing. She held my gaze with a burning desire of lust that was only too recognizable in her erotic eyes. I lent into her taking her lips in mine capturing them and sliding my tongue along their smooth surface, tasting the sweat on her upper lip and feeling my organ of love pulse. She started to kiss hungrily her mouth closing urgently over mine as our kiss became deeper and more urgent. Anita moaned into my mouth as she felt the heat of the moment and yet, when my hand cupped her bikini covered breast, feeling the erect nipple through the thin fabric she pulled back with a gasp. "Shit, what are we doing, we have only known each other for a mere five hours and here we are getting ready to do it. Let's slow down I am not ready for this. I need to kiss you but that's it, please!"

"OK that's fine with me, I am sorry, my hands went into overdrive." We sat back sipping our wine refilling our glasses and contemplated what was happening.

"Look I am sorry but ever since I met Tiffany I have steered away from men and yet have always had a need to be within their company. I just couldn't trust them and when your hand went onto my breast my mind went into overload and crashed. I appreciate it that you recognized this and retired. Thank you so much what Simone said to me is true you are considerate." With that she lent back in and took my lips in hers, kissing me, as I let her take the lead and direct the traffic. Our kiss became deeper again and more urgent but I willed my hands to remain at my side and allow Anita to decide what and if she wanted to take it further. Our kiss became steamier and we were lying back on the couch Anita beside me locked at the mouth. Our tongues were slipping and sliding, in the erotic waltz of love. Tasting, touching and slipping over and around each other, as she moaned quietly into my mouth and her hands wrapped behind my neck trapping me. Our kissing continued like this until we heard the motor of the returning boat so we hastily parted and continued to sip the last of our dead Campaign.

When Simone entered the saloon she looked enquiringly at Anita with a smile on her face giving me a ridiculous feeling of guilt. "So are we ready to go over to the pub and have dinner, and take in the music? It really is a good band Simon and I heard them about a month ago." Anita and I got up and followed Simon and Simone to our cabins and changed into jeans and a shirt for the evening. Putting on a pair of boat shoes I was waiting in the saloon when the others entered. Anita was wearing a red shift that really complemented her good looks. I felt the stirrings of my man meat moving in expectation.

The evening was pleasant and relaxed Simon and Simone got up to dance leaving Anita and me sitting sipping our bourbons and making small talk. Feeling as though I should make the first move I asked her if she would like to dance. She quickly stood up. "I never thought you would ask; I love to dance." We went onto the dance floor with about a dozen other patrons and Anita closed in, putting her head on my shoulder as we swayed to the music not really moving in beat with it, more just walking against each other as I smelled the aroma of her perfume as my semi hard dick stirred to life again. We continued to sway like this until the band announced that the evening was about to close it was 11.45pm and the night was clear and bright from the full moon which lit the water with its soft luminous light. Arriving back on board Simon and Simone went straight to their cabin leaving Anita and me standing in the saloon. We percolated a coffee and settled back discussing the evening's activities. Anita slid over to me and hugged me. "I have had the most wonderful evening, the company, the food the music and the dancing were simply dreamy thank you."

In turn I hugged her and my mouth closed over hers our lips clashing our tongues rolling across each other exploring, tasting, and feeling as we relaxed back into the emotion of the moment. We lolled back on the couch in each others arms as we felt the passion rising within us. My cock moving below as it recognized the possibilities of the night. 

We lay there kissing deeply, Anita moaning into my mouth as her hand lay on my thigh, her fingers not far from my now steel hard cock. Our kiss continued and her hand moved up and down my thigh caressing it slowly getting closer to my sex. She pulled back from our kiss and looked me in the eye saying, "I want to see it, and I want to touch my first cock. Her hand reached across, taking me through my shorts feeling the hardness, of my long thick boner. She looked at me enquiringly before her hand went down through the band of my board shorts and onto my throbbing pile driver. Her warm inexperienced hand just held it, feeling it and then moved down its smooth length to my hot nuts, rolling over them, feeling their weight before moving back up my velvety hard cock. Sliding up to the head and feeling around the helmet touching the sensitive skin making me suck in as she did so.

She looked at me, her eyes asking and I said yes it is very sensitive around there. So her hand continued to slide around exploring her cock. I pulled back, her hand coming out of my shorts, as I slid them down and off my ankles with my underwear, leaving me naked from the waist down exposing my cock to Anita's inquisitive gaze. She gasped, my God its huge, this is the first time I have ever seen a male sex organ. Her hand returned to it feeling along it sliding over the head massaging up and down, her grip becoming firmer and more confident, realizing that she was giving me pleasure. I lay back, allowing her to work on her first hard penis. I encouraged her, telling her to use her other hand and massage my nuts. She did so and I felt the early strings deep down in my balls of an approaching orgasm. She was lost in the moment her hand sliding along my shaft her fingers rolling over my nuts as I gasped sucking in air feeling the pleasure shooting through me. My cock and balls began to swell as the approaching orgasm rumbled through my nuts and sprang up my shaft pumping over Anita's hand and thigh.

I pulled her up and kissed her deeply our tongues writhing against each other as my hand slid down to the twin mounds of her perky breasts heaving beneath her skimpy shift. She was not wearing a bra so I cupped them and started to manipulate the nipples through the sheer fabric. She moaned as my hands scraped over her nipples sending shock waves of pleasure to her pussy. I slid my hand up under her shift to her breasts kneading them, touching, scraping, feeling as they hardened and Anita's breath started to come in short gasps. She lifted her butt of the couch and I raised her shift up over her head and onto the deck where it lay defeated.

Looking at her I took in the small perfectly formed twin mounds of her perky breasts the nipples swollen and peaking high. Her tanned skin leading down to her yellow panty covered mound. On her right breast she had a tattoo of a vine winding from her nipple down around her breast and then swaying across her torso down and under her panties. She saw me looking at it saying, "So do you like my tat, I designed it myself."

I nodded and said "Yes I like all artistic body art. I find it strangely erotic because it links your two erogenous zones." She smiled going slightly pink as she did so. Thank you I have always enjoyed painting and designing. I did this at university just after Tiffany and I became an item. 

I pulled her into me and crushed my mouth to hers kissing her urgently, deeply as my hand went to her breast covering it, feeling it, pinching her nipple, feeling it swell against my touch. She moaned and continued to kiss, her hand returning to the scene of her previous action. She slid her hand up my hardening cock as I kissed her my tongue doing a slow waltz around her mouth. My hand was at her breast tweaking her hard puffy nipple. She was moaning as I took one one nipple in my mouth sucked it up nipping it lightly making her whimper with emotion. 

Her hand was sliding up my now hard throbbing cock, as I nipped and teased her puffy nipples, sucking them through my teeth hearing her mewl with pleasure of the promise to come. I lowered a hand to her panties and slid them slowly down off her hips over her thighs and lower legs to her ankles where she kicked them off to where they lay in sublime defeat. I then removed my shorts and we walked the short distance down the lonely corridor to her cabin and fell across her queen bed my hand cupping her hairless mound as she clung to my erection still sliding up it. 

My hand pressed into her pussy as she moaned her passion feeling the electric charges going from her nipples down through her stomach to her wet pussy. My fingers slid down her gash to her arse and back up to her little hard penis like projection pushing from beneath its protective covering. Taking it in my fingers and squeezing hard she bucked up at me screaming her lust as she felt the erotic charges of race through her sodden cunt. She flung her arms across the bed gripping the coverall as her legs flew apart giving me total possession of her sex. I drove two fingers into her through her wet silken folds and deep into her pussy. She moaned as she felt her stomach suck up against the hot charges of sexual emotion racing deep in her pussy. "Oh for fucks sake, take me, take me but be careful you are my first."

I rose up over her my hard nine inches of red throbbing cock pointed at her virgin cunt. Slowly, looking into her dark eyes I moved down towards my target and placed my cock at her entrance. Resting there letting her feel it at her deep wet entrance. With one fluid motion I drove into her, sliding down until I arrived at her barrier and stopped again looking into her eyes and asking if she really wanted this. "Oh for fucks sake take it, rip through it and fuck me." I slid quickly through her hymen and on into the steamy depths of her wet cunt as she gasped in the pain and ecstasy knowing that she was no longer a virgin. 

She was gasping as she felt the force of my long hard thick phallus spread her wet cunt, as she felt the beginnings of her first orgasm with a man begin to rumble deep within her. As I continued to fuck her tight wet pussy she felt it start at the core of her body and then rushing through her arms and legs, erupting back into the center of her sex like a Vesuvius bursting out its hot molten lava. I could feel her body contracting and releasing so fast that she was struggling to breathe. Her screams of erotic lust continued for an age as she came and came as it gushed from her, over her thighs onto the mattress. At last she flopped back on the bed with a deep satisfied look on her face, a look of complete submissive relaxation. 

It was an hour later that she rolled towards me and kissed me deep and hard her tongue slipping in over my teeth. She then looked me in the eye and said quietly and simply; thank you, that was beautiful, although I can't believe we have done this only a day after meeting, but what the fuck, it was the most beautiful thing that I have ever done. I hugged her to me and we lay there on the bed, arm in arm and slept the deep satisfied sleep of lovers.
