 At last, the weekend. Time to relax, to get away from the pressures of work, of traffic, of people. Time to stay up late and to sleep in without feeling TOO guilty. Time to go out to eat at a nice restaurant, maybe a movie or play, maybe some dancing (okay, so I can't dance, so more like making a fool of myself on the dance floor). Time to spend with you.

After getting home and changing from work clothes to comfy clothes (I still don't understand why jeans aren't allowed, since no one ever really sees us. Well, no one important, anyway.), I call you to make sure that you're home and that you're not busy and that you don't already have plans for the evening. Since you don't, and wouldn't mind TOO terribly much spending the weekend with me, I throw a few things in an overnight bag (yes, I know that it's for TWO nights. Don't be so picky.) and hop back in the car, stopping and picking up a couple of bottles of wine and some other things (hope you like a good Merlot) and stop at the grocery for some steaks and stuff.

Finally finding a parking space within walking distance (hey, I'm carrying several bags here, so I'd LIKE to be closer than a mile, thank you) I make my way to your door, trying to juggle everything and ring the bell at the same time.

"Hi hon," I say when you answer the door. "you look absolutely yummy and I'd LOVEV to ravish you, but HELP!!"

Laughing, you grab the smallest bag (gee, thanks) and lead me to the kitchen to help me unpack the goodies. As soon a I drop everything (except for the wine, don't want to break the bottles), I grab you and kiss you hard and deep, pulling you close to me. As I kiss you, I run my hands down your sides, tickling you (that's what you get for taking the smallest, lightest bag), making you giggle into my mouth.

Squirming, you finally pull free from me, trying to tickle me in return, only to find yourself stopped by my hands grabbing yours, pulling you back to me.

"Miss me?" I whisper into your ear as I nibble along your earlobe and neck.

"Mmmmmmm hmmmm," you moan in reply. "Very much."

"Good," I whisper. "You're supposed to."

Laughing softly, I reluctantly release you and turn towards the wine.

"Tell you what," I say. "How about you pour us a couple of glasses of this rather fine vintage whilst I grill us up some supper?"

"Sure," you answer, grabbing my ass. "Although I already KNOW what I want for supper."

"Mmmmmmm, you do, do you?" I respond. "Well love, I need to grab some food so I can keep my strength up. I doubt that you'd be very happy if I collapsed in the middle of our love making because I didn't have anymore energy, right?"

"True," you say, laughing. "Wouldn't want to wear you out TOO soon."

"Gee, thanks."

After dinner, we cuddle together on the couch, holding each other close, talking about the previous week, relating the funny stuff and the bad stuff, being comfortable. I slowly run my hands up and down your body, lightly tickling you, not seriously, just enough to make you squirm a bit now and then.

At one point you stop talking and look up at me, just tilting your head towards mine for the briefest moment. I lean over and kiss you, softly, gently at first, then more and more powerfully, hungrily, pulling you up to me and kissing you deeply.

You moan into my mouth and begin to move your body on mine, giving as good as you get, if not better. 

I run my hands up and down your back, first over your t-shirt, then underneath, feeling your warm skin underneath my fingertips, feeling you squirm as the heat begins to grow in each of us.

I let my hands move down to your ass, squeezing it, pulling you tighter onto me, spreading your legs so that my legs are between yours and you can feel my hard cock pushing into you as I push up with my hips.

I run my fingers up between your legs, caressing you through your jeans, hearing you gasp and moan into my mouth, feeling you bite my lip softly as the first of many orgasms starts to rush through your body.

As you finish, I pull my hands back up to your shirt and begin to pull it up, caressing your skin as it comes out from underneath the fabric.

Sitting up, kissing you, I pull your hips closer to mine until you are straddling me. I break our kiss while I pull your t-shirt over your head, then move my mouth to your neck and ears, kissing and sucking gently, feeling you grind your hips into mine as your push against my cock, wanting to feel it inside of you.

I begin to kiss down your chest, pushing you backwards and supporting your upper body in my hands, kissing over your breasts, sucking and biting on them, taking your nipples into my mouth one at a time, sucking on them gently, teasing you while doing so, feeling you moan and gasp and grind against me, hearing you cry out softly when I bite down on your nipples with my teeth.

I push you back on the couch, moving onto my knees and kneeling over you, moving my mouth down over your stomach and over your ribs, feeling your squirms as I tickle you with my whiskers and mouth and fingers.

I move my hands to your jeans and unbutton them, pulling them down slowly, kissing, nibbling, licking, and sucking your hips and down your legs as each inch of flesh becomes visible, smelling your excitement, seeing your panties getting wetter and wetter, hearing your moans and gasps, feeling you squirm and jump, especially when I hit sensitive spots.

When I finish pulling your jeans off, I stand and quickly remove my clothes, making sure you stay where you are by running first one hand, then the other lightly over your legs, tickling, caressing, teasing. As I finish pulling my jeans off (damn tight legged jeans!!), I lean over you and kiss you, lightly letting my cock brush against your stomach, feeling you squirm at it's touch and my kiss.

"Oh, do you feel something you want?" I tease, reaching down and moving my cock over your stomach, up to your breasts, over your nipple. "Is this what you want?"

"Yes," you moan, then gasp, reaching for it. "Yes, that's what I want."

I move up and place my cock at your lips, holding it just outside your mouth, letting you juuuust feel it, just taste it with your tongue. You moan and stick your tongue out, wanting more, wanting to feel me, taste me in your mouth, down your throat.

At the same time, I run my other hand over your breasts, playing with your nipples, pulling your breasts up with your nipples, then letting them fall back to your body as I slowly push my cock into your hot, waiting mouth, groaning as I feel the heat, the wetness cover my cock.

When my cock is completely inside your mouth, down your throat, I begin to slowly, carefully thrust, fucking your mouth, your throat. I reach down to your waist and, grabbing your panties, rip them from your body, tearing them off of you in pure lust and animal hunger.

I lean over and take your clit between my lips and teeth, sucking and biting on you almost savagely, trying to hold back from the heat building in my balls, my cock, feeling my blood begin to rise as you turn me on more and more. I suck and bite on you, sticking two fingers inside of you savagely, making you scream around my cock, wincing as you bite down a bit, then groaning into your pussy when you grab my balls and begin caressing them to the same rhythm that you're sucking on me.

You release my cock when I stick a finger up your ass, screaming from the pain/pleasure, then you begin to lick and suck on my balls, stroking my cock, making me moan and gasp into your pussy.

You begin to orgasm, screaming, jerking, almost throwing me off of you, begging me to fuck you, to put my hard cock inside of you. I ignore you, continuing to suck, bite and lick on you, using my tongue to lick up your juices as the go down your ass and legs.

Finally I stop, wondering if I am going to be able to last very long myself as I feel the cum boiling in my balls, straining to hold back. I turn around and put my cock in your hot, tight, wet pussy, shoving in hard, deep, and fast, putting your legs on my shoulders for leverage and penetration. You scream, flooding my balls as you cum again and again, harder and harder.

I thrust into you, fucking you like an animal, screaming with every thrust, throwing my head back and pounding into you as hard as I can, feeling your nails as they scratch my shoulders and chest. I can feel my balls start to shrink as the cum begins to climb up my shaft, boiling hot, causing my cock to grow another inch just from the pressure of holding back.

Finally I can take no more and explode into you, burying myself deep inside of you and letting spurt after spurt flood your already soaked pussy, screaming from the pain/pleasure of release.

Finally, after what seems like hours, I stop cumming and, letting your legs fall, collapse on top of you, gasping for breath, kissing you gently.

After my breathing returns to (somewhat) normal, you look down at me, kiss me gently, and say "So what's for dessert?"